TOWN-TALK. xesteruay was the first day of the cours ing for the Derby and Oaks Stakes. A full j report of the courses will be found in another column. The first rounds of both stakes were got through with the following result:— Derby—Pilot beat Stanhope, Trooper beat Fishhook, Sheet Anchor beat Adamant, Lord of the Hills beat Barwon Aim, Little Jim beat Hamlet, Romanoft beat Railway. The Oaks—Lady Vandyke beat Lorna Doon, Maid of Lara beat Thyra, Barwon Ache beat | Miss Maggie, Ma'id of tbe Hills beat Hyssop, Shilah beat Sheila, Bonnie Lassie beat Lady Leigh, Bride of Lome beat Sea Flower, Quick beat Singing Girl. The coursing will I be continued this morning at half-past 9 o'clock at the stone lint paddock on the Marathon Estate. John Franklin, 28 years of age, died rather suddenly at the Viaduct yesterday. It appears that Franklin, who was deaf, and had an impediment' in his speech, had been employed at the Breakwater skin washing for some years past.' Not feeling ] well, he left his work, and repaired to his parents' residence at the Viaduct. This was on Tuesday, and in consequence of his be coming very ill during the night his father came into town early yesterday morning in order to procure medical assistance. Before be returned, however, his son was dead. The immediate cause of death is unknown but an inquest is to be held, when the facts of the case will be more fully elicited. The United Fire Brigades Demonstration Committee met last evening, and got through a great deal of business relative to the suc cessful carrying out of the Demonstration. A Committee was appointed to purchase fire works for the- display at the Agricultural Society's grounds*on the night of the 23rd instant, when it is determined to have a .pyrotechnic exhibition never equalled in Geelong. The route of the torchlight pro cession was finally decided upon as follows :— Brigades to assemble at the Artillery ground at 6 o'clock p.m., and start from Fenwick street toRyrie-street, down Aberdeen- street, up Pakington-street to Austin-street; wheel round to Virginia-street, thence to Latrobe Terrace, Great Myers-street, Gheringhap strect, M'Killop- streefc; down Moorabool strcet to Market-square (south, east, and north sides), to Great Malop-street; up Ghe ringhap-street to Little Malop-street, wheel at Fen wick-street; up Gheringhap-street to Ryrie-street; thence to the Show Grounds. This will be one of the most splendid pro cessions ever witnessed in Geelong. An unfortunate fellow named Pfoff met with a melancholy death at Gnarwarre a few days since. The man, who is a German, iS supposed to have died in a fit on Sunday or Monday, hi3 body being found yesterday in a paddock at Gnarwarre, the property of Messrs Gugger Bros. Pfoff was subject to fits, and it is supposed that one of these car ried him off. The body was taken charge of by the police, and an inquest will be held by Dr. Shaw to-day. We understand that two large gnns sixty-eight and eighty pounders—will be placed on the beach near the rifle butts, so as to enable the artillerymen to indulge in a little shot and shell practice. Some of the guns at present in course of removal from the battery will be placed at the Artillery Orderly Rooms in Little Malop- street for drill purposes. A most heartless case of desertion came before the local Bench of magistrates yester day morning. Two children named Hay wore brought before the Court to be dealt with, in consequence of their father having left them without making*any provision for their maintenance. The youngest—a mere baby—appeared to be in a dying state, whilst the other one, a boy about four year3 of age, had not by any means a healthy appearance. From the statement of a person who appeared in Court with the children, it appears that the mother died recently of consumption, the father being away at the time. When he returned, he promised to take his chil dren away from Mrs Stokes, the person re ferred to, she having taken care of them without fee or reward, according to her statement. - The father, however, never ful filled his promise, and consequently Mrs Stokes was compelled to bring them before tho Bench as neglected children. The Police Magistrate wished to havo the father pre sent before the children were placed in the care of tho State, and remanded them for a week pending- 'Hay's apprehension, Mrs Stokes, after some persuasion, consenting to take charge of the little ones in the mean time. Out of the 55 -writs for the general election issued by His Excellency the Governor, 42 have been returned, endorsed with tho names of 63 successful candidates. The 13 which have yet to be sent in are :—Avoca, Benam bra, Bourke West, Cre3wick, Gippsland North, Gippsland South, Grant, Kara Kara, Mandurang, Moira, Normanby, Polwarth, and Wimmora. , A ghost has made its appearance in the onion district of Bellarine. A.well- known resident, on returning home from Portarling ton.a few evenings ago, somewhere in the small hours, saw as he approached his resi dence what to him appeared to be the figure of a woman in an erect attitude, but motion less. Round the head of the spirit w: dim halo,, which looked supernatural,": the features bore a strong resemblance those of a young lady of the district, w unfortunately for the advocates of Spirit! is still living. With tho courage of his r: he made towards her spiritship, and i about to ask the reason of so late a vi when to.-Jus amazement the figure proved be aWalker," for it soon disappeared w lightning speed across the onion fields i utter darkness. The onion grower, on sec this, took to his heels, and was soon safe side a bolted door, but so overcome v he with fright that ho swooned away circumstance that to him never occun before. The ghost has caused great cxci ment in the locality. A watch will doubt be instituted, and very likely so medium will be introduced in order ascertain, if possible, the object of t visit from the spirit land. The lady wh< the figure resembled has become vt serious, and the superstitious expect son thing awful to happen at Bellarine shortly. Tho Supremo Court-Houso is beginning assume quite an improved appearance un< the caro of Mr Clement Nash, who has 1 contract for repairing tho building. Insii the ceiling is being colored artistically, a tho furniture is to be varnished and oth wise made presentable, so that at the Ass Court to bo held in July a marked char for the better will be observable. The Mechanics' Institute Literary CI: held their usual meeting last evening. ] Reeves occupied tho chair. Tho eveni was devoted to miscellaneous recitatioi and the following members took part :—] Carpenter recited " Sheridan's Invecti against Hastings Mr Noble recited "T Psalm of Life;" Mr M'Coll read Byro " Invocation to Greece Mr Reeves rccif " The Bridge of Sighs;" Mr Hoare recit "The Siege of Corinth;" and Mr Dra recited Hamlet's " Soliloquy on Death." very pleasant evening was spent, and t criticisms were most favorable. On tho night of the 17th March last trooper named Collins was killed by a f From liis horse, occasioned by the animal stumbling over a heap of metal on a road in the North Ovens Shire. It is stated that Collins' father intends suing the Shire Coun cil for £300 damages. Captain Volurn, of this town, and Mr Adam Eae, of Colac, have been appointed Justices of the Peace for the Southern Baili wick. Warrnambool is preparing for hostilities. The SO-pounder gun and the two 32-poundcrs are being placed in position on Flagstaff Hill, and the new powder-magazine, at the eastern cndof Timor-street, is rapidly approaching completion. Prom our advertising columns this morn ing it will he seen that a Combination Company opens on Monday evening, in the Mechanics' Hall, with a varied entertain ment. All the artists are very highly spoken of. In Miss Howe, we have a decided novelty, this lady being gifted with the ex traordinary power of singing tenor, baritone, and soprano song8 at will. Miss Liddle is well- known in connection with Allen's Opera Company. Mr Hilton aud Mr Lance Len ton are facile princeps in character delinea tions and terpsichorean ability; and Mr Western is said to be equal to bringing down the house. The company will supply a great want, and afford the inhabitants and visi tors during the Pire Brigade Demonstration ] the means of a good and enjoyable evening's amusement, Mr Pranks has been entrusted with the letting of seats and sale of tickets. It will be seen from an advertisement in another column that, in consequence of Signor Majeroni's success, the " Old Cor poral" will be repeated this evening; and to-morrow evening the three-act drama, j " Friendship's Triumph, or the Two Ser geants," will be performed. The usual weekly drill of the Geelong Volunteer Artillery took place last - evening. The weather being anything but fine, the attendance of members was limited to about forty. A meeting of the Volunteer Salvage Corps will be held at the Fire Brigade Station at seven o'clock this evening. The programme of the Indented .Heads Ploughing Match, to he held on the 21st June, will be fonnd in another column. The half-yearly meeting of the Geelong Permanent Investment and Benefit Building' Society will be held at 4 p.m. on the 22nd inst. • A general meeting of the members of the Geelong Yonngx Men's Christian Association will be held on Friday evening at half-past seven o'clock. Mr Thomas Inglis has been appointed In spector of Licensed Premises. and Liquor, under the Licensing Act, 1876, for the Southern District. It appears that the sharks captured at Saudridge by fishermen, after being shown to the authorities, are again cast into the bay, and eventually by the action of the water washed on shore, where they create a nuisance. Tho Borough Council are taking steps to remedy this evil. The Age writesThe resignation of the M'Culloch Government has taken two or three expectant office-holders by surprise. One gentleman who unsuccessfully contested a constituency had reason for supposing that a vacancy would be found for bim in the Audit Office; another was to have been con soled by a Scab-inspectorship ; a third was to have been Parliamentary Librarian. Un fortunately, Sir JamesM'Culloch resigned too soon to carry out any of the little arrange ments, and the Officials in Parliament Bill stands in the way of these good things being given by a moribund Ministry. Ballarat, like other places, can produce Enoch Ardens. About eight years (writes the Star) a miner left his wife in Ballarat, and started for a new rush in New Zealand. As the steamer he was to have sailed in left the Melbourne docks, he fell overboard into the Yarra, and was fished ont all but gone. The steamer kept on her way, and some kind friend, writing to our hero's wife, informed lier that her husband had fallen into the Yarra and been drowned. For nearly eight years the wife received no further tidings of her husband, aud, think ing herself a widow, re-married about a month ago. In the meantime the first hus band took the next steamer for New Zea land, and, after the usual fluctuations of for tune, dropped on a patch, and sailed for Melbourne with a small fortune. As he had never communicated with his wife, some weeks elapsed before ho. could trace her, , and then he found his long vacant place occu pied by another. Matters rest here; the lady, divided between the old and the new love, does not know well to whom she should cling, and the last act of the play has yet to come. The Melbourne Public Library (says the Argus) will be presented shortly with a por trait of the late Hon. J.P. Fawkner, one of the founders of Melbourne. The picture is now being painted by Mr Kemp, of Little Collins-street, from a photograph. The cir cumstances under which this presentation is made are rather peculiar. Over 20 years ago a movement was started for the purpose of erecting a monument in honor of Mr Fawk ner, but the idea was abandoned, as it was thought nnadvisable to adopt such a means of recognising the services of a man still living. Some subscriptions, however, were received, and these have been lying at inte rest in the bank ever since, and there is a sura now available of about £75. The mem bers of the original Committee, of which Mr Service was treasurer, who arc still living in Melbourne, met recently, and it was decided that this money should be expended in ob taining a portrait of Mr Fawkner for presen tation to the Public Library, as a memento of a man remarkable in the history of the colony. " The 21. A. Mail refers to the presence in the vicinity of Castlemaine of a band of prowling robbers, and reports that a cabman named D'Arcy, while returning to that township on Friday night from Chewton, was attacked and robbed of £16 in money and a cheque for £410s. His horse and cab returned dfiverless, and the police, on making a search for D'Arcy, discovered him lying on the road, - severely bruised and maltreated, and penniless. The Acting-Secretary of Kail ways has directed a circular to each of the gentlemen for the first time elected to Parliament en closing an ad interim pass for all the Govern ment lines of railway, pending the manufac ture of the gold medal passes, an order for which is in the jeweller's hands. Defeated members of the last Parliament (says the Telegraph) are expected to hand in their passes ■without delay. An amusing instance of foreigners voting in a free country (says the Walhalla Chro nicle, a North Gippsland paper) occurred the other day\at one of our mountain polling booths, which plainly shows the fallacy of the questions liable to be put to them as to their nationality by the returning-ofiicers. Ono of these mentioned applied at the poll ing-booth, asserting that he was a Walhalla ratepayer, and therefore was entitled to vote; but on the roturning- officer asking him if he was a natural born subject of the Queen,.he replied, " I don't know any ding about de Qaeen, but I was to get a paper, and den I would scratch out de King." It is hardly necessary to say the voting-paper was refused. Mr P. M'lntyre, of Braybrook (writes the Telegraph), has sustained within the past few days some severe losses. On Mon day morning he found that his valuable stallion, Asliburn, had died very suddenly. He had refused £100 for the animal only last week. Within twenty-four hours after he found that 123 sheep had been smothered, and sixty-four turkeys died from drowning. The two latter cases are, it is thought, at tributable to the worrying of some strange dogs in the neighborhood. The former death is believed .to have arisen from in flammation. Mr Graham Mitchell is to make apost mortem, in order to clear up the mystery. A beautiful meteor, resembling a brilliant rocket (says the Ballarat Courier), shot across the sky this morning, shortly after twelve o'clock. The general darkness ren dered the light emitted by it more vivid and clear than usual, and those persons who were fortunate to get a glimpse of it during its rapid passage, witnessed a very pretty and interesting sight. The New South Wales Executive have decided on hanging Newman on the 29th May, for the Coonabarabrau outrage. The gaoler of Dnbbo (says the Despatch), Mr Bartlett, announced the fact to him on Fri day last, but lie seemed in no way impressed. Since then, we believe, he has shown more concern, and on Monday, when he saw John Simons, the blackfellow, whose sentence has been commuted to imprisonment for life, leaving the gaol, he fairly broke down and cried. Newman has written, we hear, seve ral letters and a history of his life; but what ever he has penned will not be made public until after liis execution. A recent intercolonial paper publishes the following:—*' A rumor is now currently re ported that the officers of some of the four men-of-war belonging to Russia, and sta tioned at present in San Francisco, have actually had tho insolence to have letters for them addressed to tho Melbourne Post-office, to be left until called for. It would thus appear that the alarm felt by some of the Melbourne folks re the possibility of a visit from a Russian fleet is not so absurd." The receipts on the Victorian lines of railway, for the week ending 10th May, amounted to £19,564 lis Id, as against £17,409 Ss for the corresponding week in 1S7G. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £936,727 8s Sd, compared with £870,390 18s 4d in 1876. Weekly average (45 weeks), £20,816 3s 4d, compared with £19,342 0s 5d in 1876. Number of miles open—1877,762 ; 1876, 618. 