RARE GOOD LUCK: A FORTUNE IN SEVEN STROKES. BY R. E. FRANCILLON, Author of " Olympia," "Earls Dene," " Zelda's Fortune/ 5 kc. STROKE THE FIFTH. T1IE J3EST LUCK IN ALL THE WORLD. II. For once and for once only, the beautiful and aiu:w J, ^ ^ . n thf n g S entirely her o« way. A whole month passed and she was not yet on the waters of the Nile. Everything was certainly very provoking. In the first place,_ Mr. Snell, the lawyer, positively forbade his client to leave the couuty' when an election was imminent; and then there was the unpleasant affair on the inquest of the body of the man named Fortu-' natus Morrison, who had been fouud dead on the comniou. The Coroner's Jury fouud a verdict of wilfid murder against some person or persons unknown, but the reward offered by Mr. Fenning of Millwood for the apprehension of the murderer remained unpaid. Not that the police had been idle. The sergeant at Whitbeach, with a detective from London, had visited the caravan, but found nothing to confirm suspicion. Mr. Meshack had been most eager to assist them, had given them the names of all his employes, had accounted for the occupations of all of them on the day in question, and given them every facility for examining them all. Iudeed, to suspect Mr. Meshack was obviously absurd, and lie accounted for bis sudden depar- ture by saying that he had mistaken Whitbeach, where he had never been before, for Whitehaven, and only found out his mistake after posting the bill. When it was pointed out to him that Whitbeach, and not Whitehaven, was printed on the bill which the detectives from London asked to see, he explained that it was that very mistake on the part of the printer which had misled him, which was, of course, more than likely. Of course the constables did not enter into the particulars of their enquiry, to avoid putting people on their guard, and Mr. Meshack's conscience was too much afraid of the suggestion of murder, and too ignorant of English law to enquire too closely. And so they had parted, with the best and most cordial mis-understanding on both sides. But if all this was simply annoying and disappointing to Miss Carew, how did the month pass with Arthur Fenning ? A man is apt to live over eveiy part of bis past life almost every day at such times. He remembered how another month had seemed to hang upon his hands when lie was a blase young man of hardly more than twenty. The ennui of a vacant heart would now have been like paradise. His was a complex kind of remorse, less founded on the deed itself than on the shameful and contemptible part it compelled him to play before the world and before the cruelly uususpecting eyes of Anne Carew. It seemed impossible to tell a lie before them; and he was living a lie. Nay, he was bound to live out a lie, iu the full and constant light of their unsparing honesty, for the whole of his life to come. There were moments, even minutes, when he was tempted to break off his engagement and to travel again, as in his uncle's time. The new life he had been looking forward to lead with her seemed to take a terribly long time to begin. Few people will imagine that in this time of looking back and looking forward he was troubled with thoughts of Esther Morrison. There is a theory that to murder a woman's life is nothing compared to giving a man one moment's pain, and Arthur Fenning was trained like most people to thiuk that unless there is a violent death there is no murder. Seventeen years and more were enough to throw back the betrayal of his trust into an escapade, to be easily washed out by redder stains. Nemesis, however, draws no fine-drawn distinctions between escapades aud crimes. Possibly in fearing the results of sudden murder he feared the lesser peril instead of the greater. At any rate, whatever were the results he feared, the gallows was not among them. He was absolutely secure from everything but sentimental troubles. Aud to those a man may hope, at least, to grow callous in time. " Well, Arthur," asked Anne Carew, when, as usual, they were sitting together iu the drawingroom before tea, while the Colonel was kindly taking a fictitious nap in his study, " Did you give Mr. Snell my message, just as I told you ?" " Let me see—did I ? I've no doubt I did. But what was it " That I detest him." " Oh, of course I told him that." " And what did he say " Oil, he made some pun about au aloe blossom At least, judging from his maimers and custom.", I suppose so." " Arthur! I don't believe you gave him my message at all. I shall send Amauda with it next time." " Your. familiar ? I always took you for witch, but with a maid like that, let me tell you, you would have been burnt for sorcery once upon a time, or thrown into the water —and I might not have been by to jump after you." " I should not mind if it was the Nile. That horrid Mr. Snell, and the coroners, and people, are turning the Pyramids into a monomania. Papa says my taking Amanda was a symptom of downright lunacy. At least he used to say so —for of course by this time he's found out I was just as right as I always am. I am something of a witch really." " I know you are. Haven't you bewitched— " No; I mean in seeing what people's faces mean. Do you suppose yeu have a thought that I can't read " I't Of course -I know you can read me." " And if I can read your eyes I can read Amanda's. They're exactly the same. It was from yours that I knew she has Spanish eyes. " You seem to have taken a great fancy to that protegee of yours." " She interests me." " Of course " " Particularly, I mean. Only think of a poor girl brought up from a baby among wild beasts —in the middle of England! It is a romance— a true romance, better than all the novels. And she was such a little savage! Of course she was a heathen—but only from ignorance, Arthur; youll see what a Christian I shall make of her. But I don't mean that. Do you know that a brave man once saved her from being eaten by a tiger—and what do you think she felt for him?" " The usual story, I suppose—gratitude— love " " No; the unusual one—hatred,actual hatred." " Well—that comes to much the same thing in the end. Love and liate are all the same between a woman and a man." " Then you will be quite content if I hate you'{ I believe I shall if we don't get away very soon. Of course I read her a lesson and made her cry. It doesn't answer, you know, to spoil anybody but me. And then she went into the other extreme." She is just like a lucifer match —you have only to touch her, and off she goes ?'" " Didn't I say that love and hate came to the same thing ?" " Oh, I dont mean that extreme. Do you think feelings are like sticks, and have only two ends ? I mean remorse—for ingratitude and bad temper. But she says that she never knew that men and women were better than beasts until—can you guess when ?" " Till a tiger tried to kill one "You ar§ really getting shockingly stupid, Arthur. No—until she knew me. I am better than a beast—better than Duchess! I never had such a compliment in my life before." " I shall be getting jealous of that girl." " I should be jealous about her, if she were your style. But she is too much like you for that. Of course I am bound to think you handsome, and so I think her beautiful. And she is so wild she has no more notion of doing one's hair—I have to teach her everything. All the better. I want to kill the time before we leave England.—Oh dear! There is somebody wants you again. I hope it is not another murder. If it is, and we are kept in England another month, X will commit two murders with my own hands —first the Coroner and then Mr. Snell." But it was not the police sergeant who -was announced this time. It was a person from Roxton, who wishes to see Mr. Fenning particularly. People were always wanting to see Mr. Feu- | ning particularly, so"there was nothing wonderful in his being followed from Millwood to Hill ; House—probably by some clerk of Mr. Snell. Hfe went down into the library—where the Colonel was not taking a nap after all—and found a man, apparently not a lawyer's clerk, who bowed. " Well, what is it?" asked Arthur Fenning. " You are Squire Fenning, of Millwood, Sir ?"' asked the man. It was many years since the title of Squire had grown obsolete. Arthur Fenning looked at him more closely. He was a fine-looking man as to figure, but of no distinguishable age—some terrible accident had rendered that illegible. His face was torn, and eveu distorted by long and deep gashes that appeared to have been recently healed, and probably had affected even his speaking organs. They certainly concealed his character and even his probable station in life as closely as his age, except in so far as a repulsive face, though obviously the result of accident or illness, creates an inevitable prepossession against a man. " Yes; I am Mr. Fenning," said Arthur. What is your business ? You don't belong to this neighbourhood, surely ?" " Oh, no. My name is Knapp; I am employed in " " Is it on Magistrate's business " No, Sir. The fact is I have brought you some news that I think you will be glad to hear." " Not of ?"' He meant the murder ; but the man seemed to understand him otherwise. Yes, Sir. I am happy to be able to tell you that your daughter is alive." " My daughter V" The man looked at him with some shade of surprise. " Yes, Mr. Fenning, but I have bad news too—only a girl can't hide herself very well iu England, aud you're a Justice that knows how to find people, aud a rich man that can pay. It's long been on my mind to tell you, Sir—a whole month pretty near—only we're wandering people, and I've been out as far as Scotland since then, and I've got a master that's earned the right to own me. So I waited till we came back here—and the long and the short is, Sir, that though I can't put my hands on her, I've found your little girl." It was possible, thought Arthur Fenning; .wild oats, as he had experienced iu common with other men, are likely enough to leave their traces here and there. And it was more than probable that a man with an ugly face, who had found out that Squire Fenning had a living daughter, should smell prize-money or hushmoney in the air. " Then you may keep what you've fouud," he said with a good-humoured smile. " I can assure you she doesn't belong to me. To begin with— I have no daughter—and, to end with—I never had one." " You never had a daughter, Sir. Fenning ?" " Never—that I know of." " You were never married " No. And now, as you see you are considerably mistaken, I have only to thank you for your good intentions towards myself and those who are not mine, and to wish you good evening. I dare say Colonel Carew will not mind your asking his butler for a glass of ale." The man looked bewildered. " Then it isn't true you ever married a—a girl named Esther Morrison ?" " Esther Morrison " Yes, Sir." " No." " You remember her, Sir ? A girl that lived on Whitbeach Common seventeen or eighteen years ago " Not the least in the world." " You are Squire Fenning of Millwood, and don't remember Esther Morrison ?" " I am Mr. Fenning of Millwood, aud I never heard of Esther Morrison. Will that satisfy you? But I can't waste my time over this. Look here, my man; you want to get something out of me, don't you " Yes, Sir, I do." " What is it ?" "The truth, Sir—about Esther. Try and think, Sir—if it's not true you married her— and there's reasons why you mightn't, though none why you shouldn't—you must remember her, if you try." " I'm very sorry if you're in any honest trouble about her. What did you say was your name ?" " Knapp, Sir—Orson Knapp; Fm what they call a Lion King in Meshack's wild beast show. It's the girl I'm come to tell of and see after. But of course I'll believe—you've forgotten Esther. Well, out of sight out of mind, and promise is pie-crust all over the world. But you'll remember a young man of that name— Fortunatus Morrison, that lived at Whitbeach in the old time. You won't forget him " Fortunatus Morrison ? He is dead. Have you not heard ?" " Dead ? Fortunatus Morrison dead ?" " It is clear you have beeu a long way from Roxton." «' That I have, Sir. So poor 'Natus is dead, is he ? Poor devil—Fm sorry for that: he was a wild 6ort of a chap, but I liked him, Sir. And it's from him I heard about you, and that's how I came to spot tbe girl." " What did he say " Of you, Sir ? That you were the best friend he'd ever had in all this world. That you never made any sort of a difference to him and his, for all he was a poor fisherman and you was a rich squire. He told me—'twas out West—how he was took up for a smuggler, and would have been transported if he hadn't had the luck, he said, to tumble on his heels and run off on them. But he told me bow he didn't mind a bit for himself—and I know he didn't, Sir—because he'd left everybody who was dear to him in the hands of one he trusted in more than his own right hand, and that was you; and how you'd promised while you lived his mother and his sweetheart would never want a friend . . . . And then, in my wandering vagabond sort of a life, Sir, I heard how Squire Fenning of Millwood, hereabout, had taken better care of Natus's sweetheart than anybody would have looked for, and married her—aud then I found the child, and as you hadn't got her I thought 'twas human nature you'd like to find her. And so I came, and that was what 'Natus Morrison told me." " Then all I can say is that your friend out West, Fortunatus Morrison, was a man of a singularly lively imagination." " I don't understand that, Sir." " What I mean is, he told you a pack of lies. He was a smuggler, a poacher, a scoundrel, a robber," said Arthur Fenning, who needed to tell himself a thousand times a day that killing a ruffian was no murder. He deserved transportation. I his friend ? It was I who gave the Coastguard the information that led to.his apprehension. I bound by any promises to a common fisherman—a scoundrel ? No." The man's blood rushed to his scarred, cheeks, | and he hung his head with shame. It was long before he raised it; but when he did, it was to look Arthur Fenning full in the eyes with a keen glance that seemed to see through him. " Thank you, Sir. Then now I do know that you did marry Esther Morrison, and 'tis your daughter I've found." " You know " " Yes, Sir; because a man that tells twenty lies in one breath will tell forty in two. And if I had as many lives as you've got lies to spend in getting her her rights, I'd spend them &1L" " You infernal blackguard! Be off with you. I tell a lie—to you V " Yes, Sir! But you won't tell that lie to 'Natus Morrison." " Be off with you—or " " Will you say to 'Natus Morrison what you've said to me ?" " To a dead man ?—I will have you " " No, Sir. To a living one—to 'Natus Morrison. I'm he." How does a murderer look when he sees rise up before him the ghost of his victim? That must surely be terrible enough—but suppose the ghost, while his eyes still fascinated his murderer's, became a living Man ? I will not attempt to paint such a picture. Arthur Fenning, whom conscience had not allowed to act very bravely during an interview that had culminated in a charge of lying, recoiled under the last blow—be bad not an answering look to give or a word to say—not even a thought to guide him. But he waft no coward by nature, and life, and more than life, depended upon his thoughts and his words. At last— * You are 'Natus Morrison," he said coldly. " I am. And you will remember now! I can tell you every word that ever you spoke to me- I can describe to you Hetty's ring, that your own child wears on her finger this very hour. Sir, when I got to Lynemouth that night and stowed myself away aboard a ship bound for Rio, I'd made a vow that Td never see my poor mother's face again till she could be proud of me and Hetty, Sir—and you. For I thought you'd bound me to it, with all the rest of them. Well, they let me work my way out, and they'd have made a sailor of me, only"! got to hate the sea and ho wonder, and a man can't get rich before the mast—so I got from Rio to San Francisco, which is a long way—but I was always lucky, and I had rare good luck with the gold. I worked like a nigger, or like a Chinaman, which is harder, and I never spent a cent I could help, though they called me all tne names under the sun, and many's a time I have had to fight at night for what I'd got by day. And so I had the luck to get to be a rich man, and nobody had a word to say against me except that I' never touched whisky nor euchre, and there was nothing to do but to come home, and so home I came, and got cast ashore on Deadman's NoSe, where I first saw you, with all my fortune m gold and paper. I swam ashore—but in the scurry Ifell upon some other poor fellow's clothes, and he must have got mine with the case where I kept the gold—any way I had empty pockets when I woke ashore. And 'twould have been against my word to go back to mother and Esther that way. So I made the best of a bad bargain, and as I found I'd got on Orson Knapp's clothes, I just took Orson Knapp's name for want of abetter. . . . And now I find my vow's been kept without all that bother—mother nor Esther could have seen me in that plight; for mother's dead—and Hetty: and yon—you haven't bad their luck—you're alive. Yes ; I'm 'Natus Morrison. And now—what have you done with Hetty ? What do you mean to "do about Hetty's child?" ; " You are not 'Natus Morrison," said Arthur Fenning slowly and deliberately. " Your name is Orson Knapp. Ask any man in Whitbeach to look at your face, and see if he remembers you. I remember Fortunatus Morrison well; he was no more like you than I am. I do not believe you. Find me a witness—find me one person whe does not know that Fortunatus Morrison was robbed and killed near Whitbeach more than a month ago." " Let them prove that " "It has been proved. He has letters and other articles that proved him to be Fortunatus Morrison." " Good God! It must have been Orson Knapp himself in my clothes " " It was not. With his own lips he told me that he was Fortunatus Morrison." " Ay. He thought I was drowned, poor devil, like I thought him, and thought he'd take the name that belonged to the gold. He was never what they call particular about what wasn't bis own." " And I suppose y ou cave heard of that windfall. But it will n G t do. You axe an impostor, Orson Knapp; and I will give you one thing to thank me for—that instead of having you beaten out of doors, or giving you into custody on a charge of extortion, I order you to go, and never to let me hear of you again. Well—what is it now, Andrews ?" he asked the butler, who just then came into the study. " Miss Carew wishes to know, Sir, if she's to . wait tea. The Sergeant from Whitbeach wishes to see you about something, but he's not in a hurry, he says, and will wait till you are disengaged." " Tell Miss Carew I am coming directly, and tell the Sergeant to step in here. And now, Mr. Knapp, as you hear there is a constable in the house, perhaps I shall get rid of you." " For now, Mr. Fenning. And as far as I am concerned, for good and all. Pd rather have nothing more to do with blackguards. But there's the girl, Sir—and she shall be found, and have her rights, as sure as my name's 'Natus Morrison. You can't say I haven't warned you fai B he turned away—a man with a shattered faith; for such the young Squire's faith had been to him. That was the very hardest blow be had bad to bear; love may die, but we are taught to believe that friendship is immortal. He crossed tbe hall, which the constable was entering on his way to the study, when suddenly he heard a cry from the stairs. 4 1 Forgive me!" said Amanda. " I do not hate you—I know better now." " Jenny! You here ?" " Yes; I have done with the show. I am not going back again. I only wanted to see you and tell you—and tell Mr. Meshack and Tom, that I know how kind they have been, but I should never be of any use without Nabuco. I will tell them all one day—Forgive me, please, for wishing you to die instead of Nabuco." " You are here after all ? Then " " Excuse me," said the Sergeant, interrupting him. " Do I understand vou to belong to Meshack's Wild Beast Show?" " Yes," said Amanda eagerly. " He 'saved my life " " Ah! Where was that now ?" " At Whitbeach—on the common " " I suppose a strong fellow like you now," said the Sergeant, "is pretty valuable to Mr. Meshack, eh ? He wouldn't like to lose you at no price, I suppose ? Did you happen to be in his employ, now, on the 23rd—last month you know ?" " Ah," said Amanda, who was burning to make up for her conduct to her old enemy by proclaiming his story, "that was the day they hid you behind the bear when the policemen came " " Just so," said the „-ergeant. "I was one'oE them—and a very pleasant chat with Mr." Meshack we had, too. You're Miss Carew's own maid, miss, aren't you? Well, I shall know where to find you. Whit's this gentleman'sname?" n " Knapp—and he " Then you'll excuse me, Mr. Knapp, but I'm afraid I must take you into custody.fe Will you oblige me by holding out your hands ? They're pretty strong; I shouldn't like them to be loose on our way to Rorton.'' What's the matter ?" asked Arthur Fenning,. coming from the study into the hall—he looked frightfully pale. Has this man been making any disturbance? If he does not go at once, and peaceably " " I suppose it's that smuggling business," said 'Natus. " Am I to thank you for this, Sir ? But • never mind if youll be good to the child." A smuggler, too, are you 7" said the Sergeant. "No, Sir," he said, turning to Arthur Fenning," he's committed no breach of the peace yet awhile. Fm executing my duty by arresting: this man, Knapp, on a charge of murder." " Murder!" exclaimed 'Natus. "No, no: that can't be." "We shall see that; and if I was you I would'nt say another word, but just let me slip on the handcuffs and come quietly along with me. Fm sorry it's happened in your bouse, Sir," be said to Colonel Carew, who with his daughter had come half way down the stairs. " Is there no end to it T said Miss Carew. " What murder ?" asked the Colonel. " Have you found " " That we shall see, Sir. I take you into custody, Mr. Knapp, on the charge of the wilful murder of one Fortunatus Morrison." The prisoner, looked at Arthur Fenning. " Are you going to speak, Sir_?" he asked after a long pause. "You once called yourself a lucky man," Arthur Fenning said at last. It was a strange speech; but it was spoken in a dream and Tn the voice of a dream. - He knew not where he was or who heard him. " Lucky!" exclaimed the prisoner, in a voice with a sudden ring in it as he looked round boldly upon all, sadly and tenderly upon Amanda, " Lucky! Yes; and so I am. I once said I was born to be hanged; but, if I am,'Fm still the luckiest of fellows, dead or alive." " ffm!" said the Sergeant. \ ." Yes; X shall die innocent of harm v> onesingle soul. And that's just the very £$st Luck in all the World!" ; . ... J 4ST We are requested to draw, attention to advertisement Informing the Paiwtbo' Shearers and Bbed Hands that tbe Tnln starts at ten IBinotes to $ o'clock a.n. on Friday ntxW 