SCR A PS. By ItAIIBLTCR. T have not the pleasure of the acquaintanceship of Mr. Eli Bennett, nor cars I even plead guilty to ever having £-e«n the individual in question, although he did obtain n. leg of mutton from a respected butcher of Strathalbyn under circum stances -which the latter cIiofp to designate ' false preteiices.' Now, I take it it was rather inn-rh on Bennett to bring' him all ihe wav from Wellington on a trumpery charge which ha1! no foundation in fact, and then for the prisoner, who was delended by Mr. E. J. Tucker, to have the consolatory intimation from the Bench ' that there was no rase against him.' Bennett ;hus has the privilege of paying rather dear for ais Tucker, inasmuch as the lawyer as well is the mutton will have tn be paid for, to say aothing of Court fees, &c.; In a late issuo of the Sydney Morning Jlrrald irtpearQ a long- account of a lea meeting -riv«n to 300 blue jackets belonging to Her Britannic Maj-sty's ships of war — Wolverine, Sapphire, Nymphe, and Sandfly. The gallant tars, who svere plentifully regaled with buns and tea, &c;, behaved themselves, and sans several hymns dur ing the evening; alton«ther the procpedinsre passed off with great eclat, and with credit to all soncerned. . By jove, this is 'Jack ashore' with 1 vengeance. No more ' piping to irrog' after such leatotal tactics as the above. However, I ?hrewdly su^ppct that many an ' old salt' present bellowed down tbe tables ' belay there shipmates pass the word, for l slush' is on the board — ' all bands take in cargo,' &c;, &c.; As for the sing ing, Jack wouldn't be over particular as to the proner tunes, and I've no doubt ' I've been roaminff,' ' Rio Grande,' ' Ranzo,' and ' Away a rolling river' came in very handy to the majority of the sailor* present. When, however, the blue jackets left the gay and festive scene, none of them could be esiid to be teaight, a* is customary with Jack on occasions of letting go his beat ' boweT' in a friendly port after donning liis Sundav-20-to-meeting togs. Who wouldn't be a vagabond ? Of course I 3on't mean a common low vagabond, who makes icrtain compulsory and periodical appearances at Mr. Beddome's levee, and subsequently obtains cheap lodging and bair- cuttin-r at Go- ernuient expense. No ; the Gods forbid. I mean a literary vagabond, like that clever but egotistical individual who wrote in the columns - f ihe Mel bourne Argus such graphic, clever, and truthful descriptions of the internal management, -ir in many instances mi^manairement rather, of several well known public institutions in Victoria, ex posing various malpractices, bungling and incom petency wherever it existed, and that, too, in such a thoroughly able manner as to become a terror ana ougoear to tuose in tumunij m ('''«; institutions, and to call forth the greatest en thusiasm of the public and encomiums of the Press throughout Victoria. The vagabond being about to leave Melbourne, a number of admirers have subscribed three hundred guineas, which will be presented as a testimonial to him before his de parture. Mr. Thomas will thus bear away with him a substantial token of the appreciation in which one 'Vagabond' at least is held by the public of Victoria. Va victis —hence the query. There is at the present time a Prima Donna of surpassing excellence now performing in Mel bourne, in grand opera, named Antonietta Link, who made fapr debut pome short time since as ' Alice' in ' Roberto il Diavolo.' ' Andante,' the musical critic of the Australasian, writing of this talented lady, says :— ' Tbe Jenny Lind of 30 years ago occupies a higher place in musical history than Antonietta Link does, who made her first appearance in Melbourne last Saturday night ; but the difference between them lies only in a few tones belonging to the extreme upper register of the female voice wbich Lind h?.d, and Link has not.' Tbe writer ' concludes a most eulogistic notice by praising the fair artiste up to the skies. So that should this musical ?' star'* of the operatic firmament visit Adelaide, a rich musical treat may be anticipated by all lovers of grand opera. Now, with all due deference to so great a musical authority as ' Andante,1' I beg to submit another difference between the fair artistes, viz. — Lind. with her magnificent vocali zation, usually enchained the attention of her auditory throughout her performance, whilst the latter artiste some 30 years later adds yet another Link to the chain of harmony which so delighted thousands in ' Bygone days.' By the way, if Adelaide be not honored with a visit, from the Prima Donna, then some wag should write to Profe-8,,r Darwin, and inform him ' That the Missing- Link' bas bpen discovered in Australia. I have been greatly exercised in my mind about that heroic youth who, ' to doughty deeds inclined,' insisted upon paying a nocturnal mid niirht visit to th° Strathalbyn Cemetery in ful filment of a waarer. Has the rash youth re gretted hi-! temerity and darinar in thus braving the horrors of d«rkne=s and companionship of the ' mighty dead ?' Did he invoke the powers of darkne=s, or mutter in affrighted accents — ' Hence, loathed melancholy, of Cerberus and blackest midnight born, In stygian caves forlorn,' &c.; Or did he, like famous Tain O'Shanter in his celebrated ride to escape the witches, exclaim with Richard, ' A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse ;*' and ' That dreary hoar he mounts his beast in, And sic a night he taks the road in, Ar ne'er poor sinner was abrood in.' But, Mr. Editor, what a fearful hurry he was in ? on y half an hour ! I don't wish to question the bravery of t*-e deed, but then you know ?' fear lends wing's to the chicken- hearted' sometimes. I trust ' fear'' was not the spur which urged our hero and his Pegasus to and from the cemetery on that, eventful uisht, although the distance is four or fivft miles. I'm afraid our hero thought with Tarn O'Shanter — * * * * ' tbe witches follow Wi' mony an eldritch, scruch, and hollow.' But five miles in half an hour is rather a wide stretch of fancy or of horses' le^s, rather!— and gives a disinterested person an idea that any ipter view with a disembodied spirit or ghostly visit -r which our hero might have encountered must have been as ' brief as woman's love,' or as transient a* a flash of liirhtningr- The whole incident is by no means original, and the wager is a stale one, and reminds me muchly of that recorded in the pathptic ballad of poor '' Mary, the Maid of the Inn,1' onlv in this case the consequences were not quite so disastrous, inasmuch as our Stratahlbyn ghost hunter in his nocturnal ramble met w ith no spirits stronger than brandy, and in his case (unlike poor Mary) he went to the inn sane. fRnmbler is rather out in his reckoning — the distance was only two or three miles at the most.— Ed.] Dr. Beaney, of Collins-street renown, is- an enthusiastic admirer of diamonds, so much so that he has be-n called *' The King of Diamonds.' When the Chevalier Blondin was in Melbourne considerable rivalry took place in the matter of diamonds between the doctor and the ' King of the Air,' who was also a great diamond con noisseur. Dr. Beaney, however, is far from being satisfied with the magnificent an i resplen dant collection of g^ms now in hi* possession, and, ' Oliver-like,*' asks for more. He has lately added to his collection a magnificent diamond watch chain of unique and splendid work manship. The chain contains over 200 diamonds, and is valued at £4,009, and altogether is a brilliant -and valuable work of art. It is said that physicing.is a .jrood profession in ? the aristocratic shade of 'Collins- street, and now that Funeral Reform is all the 0) in the si«ter colony, under taking is considerably cheaper than it U3-?d to be. A few month' ni'', han I henn qnfstinr-f-d upon the geography of Turkey i' A-ia nwi Kuropean do., I'm afraid that. I :-lm»!-l havo. be n betrayed into manifesiin-r thn nm«t utter and Iamentfib e ignorance upnn 'h* locale «f tb« warlike oper ations now t;ikin;r place in thos« countries. However, since I li:ivfi relijrinusly p«riised the columns of the daily npwppapers, I have become more 'mixed' than nver, whilst the utt-?r and absolute disregard paid to thp spelling of those formidable anil awful mnvft by various cirrespon dpnts, telegraph and newspaper people appals me. My present idei of the war is thnt tlie Russians, laving occupied ' Tinova,'' will now vacate and turn over tlie city back again to tile Turks i:i et a* mis, and thon doubtless the Russians, bavins found the Balkans too hot to hold them, will send for re- inforcemeiits to ' Sis(-ova' the Danube the Tost of the army tiy means of the new railway Hipv are about oon^tniciing, when I haven't the slightest doubt but inat Kars will be urgently required to convey the Russians to Pot(i), at the bottom of the Black Sea. In the meantime, ' the father of his people' will not un fold ' th-i sacred banner,' a- the moths have got at it, and it is slightly the worse for wear, and the King of the Crescent does not wish to be in Sultan the Christians by exhibiting a worn out rusty old banner. Such, in brief, Mr. Editor, are my ideas upon the pr-sent state of the Eastprn Question, which I hereby present pro bono pubheo. 