FUTURE EVENTS. There is a fount about to stream, There is a light about to beam, There is a worm about to glow, There is a flower about to blow. What it was the poet meant when he informs us that " there is a fount about to stream" is more than I can tell with certainty. It cannot be that he has reference to the Banda Steam Navigation Company, who propose to open for us the fountain, head to mercantile advantage with India or the Straits Settlements, or can he have had in view Colonial Steam Commu- nication ; by which our small fount of hard cash is about to flow from the colony. Maybe he had cast a glance of compassion upon the individual and contrary exertions of our colo- nists, and foreseen that there lie hidden beneath the outer crust of Mother Earth, vast springs of mineral wealth, that only require tapping with railways, to make Western Australia the great stream of the southern hemisphere. The poet further assures us that " there is a light about to beam,'' but he does not say upon what point. Doubtless he thought of Colonial Legislature and its tributaries, as the most fit- ting object of jts penetrating influence. There is a light about to beam, and that light is already beaming in the minds of West Austra- lians, the foreshadowing of importance, the importance of territorial situation. We find all eyes concentrated upon this point, the nearest part to Europe of the great Australian Conti- nent, and we feel there are better days in store for us, than those we have been in the habit of enjoying. But we still look for a light to beam upon the minds of our farmers who look upon sandalwood carting as a paying game, only to find that the storekeeper's account against him does not diminish. May the ghost of some rusty plough haunt his conscience, and convince him of its utility. " There is a worm about to glow," a worm that has been painfully wriggling amongst us, attracting little or no attention—the glow worm called Education. Still there are many amongst us who painfully, and publicly exhibit its antagonist—Ignorance. By the flower about to blow is meant the youthful generation of the colony ; on the other hand, Responsible Government, at the present only budiing. Now let us look at it in a literal light. This " fount about to stream'' must mean that beautiful addition to Mount Brown Botanical Gardens—its alabaster foun- tains. It may also infer that when summer abdicates the throne, every river and stream now held in bondage, will run anew, and speed on its way, laughing, singing, rejoicing, in the general light of liberty, and reflect back the joyous rays of heaven from its peaceful bosom, like a new dutch-oven at the door of a tin shop. Such is what is understood by the fount about to stream ; or it may have refer- ence to a new fire-engine, for the use of the York Municipality, or the Eastern Districts' Chronicle water-cart. " There is a light about to beam," and this light wiil be seen in the bewitching smile of the lovely virgin spring. Anon and she will be here to kiss and nurse the infant flowerets then awaking from a decently-long nap, and lifting up their little heads in praise to the Omnipotent. Yes, those cloud-shutters that so oft darken the windows of the sky must again come round, and the gentle showers of heaven pour down upon us like ten thousand bricks, but with a gentle force and a warmer welcome. Then how delightful it will be to see every- thing starting from the ground, as if by the power of some magic wand ! Everything will thus come up and bask, dance and flourish in the life-renewing light ; artichokes, dandelions, cabbages, fleas, toadstools, bugs, ants, dead cats and dogs, and all that now lie buried not deeper than two feet below the surface. There is a warmth about to glow ; so prepare ye, with straw hats and summer finery to meet it. There is a perspiring time coming to give you a foretaste of what you may expect here after, in a climate much hotter than this. Well, let it come. I hope it will sweat some of your old, musty sins out of you, and make room for fresh ones, more refined, and more in accordance with the fashions of the day, and the customs of the age. As regards the flower to bloom, I am at a loss which among ten thousand to designate, unless we call it " Flour at 24s. per bag." So we let it pass as being of no great consequence, for we shall never get it in this colony, any way. In a metaphorical sense, the fount about to stream, is the fountain of Virtue, that, hereaf- ter, is to be kept constantly playing, to beau- tify the park of society, and purify the moral atmosphere of the world. It will be opened as soon as you are prepared to appreciate its beauties and benefits. The light about to beam is the light of Truth, that has been smothered for ages by the smoke and ashes of error ; but it is soon to burst forth, and illuminate the whole earth, from pole to pole—thanks to the electric telegraph and the patent system of preaching. And then a warmth will begin to glow—the warmth of universal friendship and love ; and a flower shall blow that shall hold its brightness and freshness for ever. It is the flower of practical religion, which whispers to us of honesty in all our business transactions, and gratitude for every heaven-bestowed blessing and favor, which tells us above all, to pay what is due to the tailor, the shoemaker, the butcher, and the printer. CENSOR. 