Our ' Representatives. " SOME few months since very great sur prise was expressed throughout the colony at the unseemly proceedings of the Parliament of Victoria. The various newspapers took it up, private circles discussed it, and even members in uac quarieo-street expressed therselves strongly, and, in a maze of surprise, wondered how these things could be. Some attributed it to the payment of members, that being regarded as a premium to pJlitical adventurers--seeing that to many of them it represented far more than they could secure in any other way; so that men totally untitted by education, parliamentary knowledge, or patriotism, would, either through influence or agitation (without bashfulness),' come to the front, and be duly declared as representatives of thepeople. Following fast on the heels of these lamentations for a sister colony, no small amount, of credit has been appropriated by us for the display of superior wisdom; and, withal, the certainty of having men whom the nation should be proud of, both with respect to their morals and abilities as statesmen. But, sad to state, that, in addition to those hen. members whom all are proud of, tbere seems to be an unreliable, untrustworthy and dis. cordant element in the House, which tends very much to obstruct its business, and gives an unseemly tone to the deliber ations; and, further, the practice of intro ducing private matters, substances of conversations, and smoking-rum effer vescences, are becoming rather general, and, it appears, are to be made the medium of founding charges affecting the character of hen. members, and rather unpleasantly bring up those little acts behind the scenes that look so bad and disgraceful. There are evidently moments at Micquarie-strect, when, in the ebullition and potency of rage, hen. members forget they are expected to play the part of gentlemen, as well as faithful representatives, and it does seem a pity that such unseemly conduct takes place, and men can so far forget themselves as to resort to the lowest "Billingsgate'. in their abuse of each other. We are not so muca surprised at Mr. M'ELsONs, as we know he is capable of saying some very hard things in a bad way; but that others should be drawn into the meshes, as Messrs. DIsss and LLoYD were, it really seems extraordinary. To those of us who only are impressed from what we gather, it does seem that there has been some slight foundation (to say the least of it), for the charges made by Mr. M'EELoONE. Surely Mr. Domns and Mr. LLoYD are each aware that, in political adventure, all things are considered fair; and again, they must have surely •known that their present accuser would flagellate them to their hearts coatlnt if they gave him a " ghost of a chance." Would it not be advisable on the part of hen. members, if they cannot refrain from dodgcry, tokeep their own counsel, and not tell their nearest political friend, er utter it in their bed-chamber, '"lesta,bird of the air should carry it." It was surely unnecessary on the part of Mr. Dinus, after such an emphatic protest of inno conce, to volunteer the forfeiture of all his wealth could the charge b`e substan. tiated. Among ordinary people an extravagant statement of that kind would be very probably interpreted as indica. tive of some knowledge of the case. Now, if Mr. Dins is altogether innocent of the charges laid before him, let him remain calm, and subsequent events will be sure to vindicate his character, and those who have maligned him will suffer the execration they deserve; bat whether there be anything serious in the charge or not, it is a burning shame that thegallerie"of thellouse should be tainted with such abusive language, and members use its privileges to decry and blacken the character of one another. Such an utter fork~etfulnese and disrespect for the feel ings of others, we feel sure has been rarely witnessed in any of the meetings or conventions of the working classes of this country. Now, if in the future Mr. McELHONE will devote himself to finding out and exposing the corruptions of the various departments where such are said to- exist, he will signalise himself with his constituents, and deserve the thanks of the colony. But to remember and drag before the House fragmentary and unmeaning statements, dropped perhaps months before in desultory conversation, is frivolous, unmanly, and decidedly dis honourable. If any good arose from it,. it would be another thing, but, as it is, it tends to demoralise the Beouse, throws a stigma on the electors, and brings the colony into disrepute, as well as making ourselves a laughing-stock before the world. Doubtless, many regrets are felt, but regrets are useless, unless'it leads to reformation, and creates an invincible mind to guard against such unseemly out-. rages in the future. Let us hope for the reputation of the men who represent us, and thle credit of the colony, that future proceedings in Parliament will be such as become both statesmen and gentle men. Mr. A. C. Taylor, the editor of the Scntclne was violently assaulted on Saturday lest. by the father of a young lady about wvhoseo matriae he had published some verses. The lineswere Sby no means offensive. and considerable surprise was txpressed at thefather's conduct. The day the paper issued the man camnie to the Sentinel office, and demanded that the editor shouId explainthe poetry. The latter refsad, and the visitor then requested the same of the foreman, saeebmpanyag the seconid- demand with a savage blow, with an umbrella hlardle. At this sotage, Mir. Taylor rushed to prevent a 'recurrence of hostilities, and receivedl a well- aimed blow, whioh;broke., .not the .editor's head, but the umbrella haIrile. 'Thr assaulted.party then struck his opp ment in th jamw and toppled liim in the mud. As soon as peace had been restored, a second man, who had been made the victim of a huornrlous attack, appeared on the scene and expressed a wish to fight any n:ember of tihe staff for £5, and late in the evening a female who had Oeen harshly writ:en of came threaten. ing death to the editor, and holding up to view' a massive stone, with which she proposed ful. filling her threat. Altogether, things have been regtty lively at the 'efindc office lately. 