SCENE AT AN EXECUTION. (From the Times.) Yesterday morning John H-nry Jo'msom aged 37, a fen dealer, suffered the extreme penalty of the law in tho bjrough gaol of Leeds, nt Arinley. At the Leeds Assize rcceutly ho was convicted before Mr. Justieo Lopes of tho murder of Anio White, nt Bradford, on the 2lith of December hud. The hour fixed for tlio execution was 8 a. in., nnd punctually nt that hour Mr. A. C. Kecne, the governor, delivered the culprit to the hands of the executioner, a man named Askcrn, who has had some experience nud who has always officiated as hnnemnu ut. the gaol of Leeds. The IUgh Sheriff of Yorkshire Lord Pollington) was present, together with Mr. W. Gray, the Under-Sheriff. and, beside the officials, the onty other persons iu attendance were six reporters and the prison surwon. Immediately the scaffold was rcach'si Johnson was placed beneath the noo-c. Tho rope itself had the appearance of an old oue, nnd tjint was a fact specially com mented upon by some of the representatives of the Prcs iiefore the malefactor was brought forth. It struck them also thnt tho ropQ was an unusually short one, and it seemed as if it was nor intended to allow n greater drop for the sufferer's body than 4ft. Before the cap was drawn over his eyes, John- sou said to thu chaplain (the Rev. Osmond Coolisoui, "Tell my mother I die happy.' The chaplain seized his baud nnd retained his grasp until Askern had signalled that nil was ready. Seizing a lever, Askern pushed it from him, the boards gave way, nud it was supposed that th» victim had fulfilled the law n demands. But not so yet ; for ihe rope had snapped asunder, Und the doomed man had fallen prone to the ground. It i< impos sible to describe the cons'crnntion that pre vailed among the small group of specta tors. The chaplain seemed to have the greatest presence of ramd, and he called aloud, " Let us all pray for him," nt the 6ame time himself penetrating within the frame work nf the irallow?. which wa? en cased 111 black drapery. Johnson was heard- groaning, and the governor directed a chair to be brought. While the chaplain was pray ing that faith and fortitude might be granted to the poor wretch during 'ui horrible inter val, search was made for another and surer ropo. After a lapse of about ten minutes a new nnd thicker rope was fisteimd to tho cross beam, and Johnson was led from be neath the drop. With wonderful firmness he rc- ascended tho 14>tcp?of thcwcaffuhl. Tho white cap yet obwnred his face, but it did .not prevent his voice being nmlib'cin prayer. Tho fresh nooso was boou adjured about his neck, and tbc fatal bolt again withdrawn. All stood uncovered for five fearful minutes longer, nml then the convulsive m-wcim-nts which had been so long discernible totally ceased Johuson died admitting tho justice of his sentence, nnd after having, ou Sunday, written a letter to ihe wife of the mmi murdered, in which he raid, " You know that I would not have dona such nil nwful deed if I had been in sober senses at tbc time ; and if tbc prayers of the living avnileth at all for the parted may poor Anion's stiul rest iu Heaven, where I hope to meet him. 3 lay God bb-ss you and bis poor mother and comfort you, is the sincere wish and prayer of, 1 may almost say, of a dying Beyond tho wnlk of the gaol about 200 persons hod asscrabVl in order, a? it ap- Scared, that they might rao the black fUg oistcd as signal of the execution.- There was a considerable dehiv before the signal was given, hut, of cour e. they had no ido\ of the horrible scene enacted within the walls. A Minister was telling a young girl who was about to become a bride that she must remember that the man ami wife arc one. j ' Lord 1" said he, "if yon wcro under tnv j father and mother's window when they are ; quarrelling, you'd think there were at least a dozen.'1 I Tiieee Wives Coxsexiinu to be Bun.nt Alive with their Husband.— The Atnrita Bazar Patrika gives an account of- Sir Jung' Bahadoor's dead). The 25th Feb- , rnnry being Ifolcc Day (Govind Dwodasce) . he went to bathe at Biigonu'tcc; he entered ) the river before sunrise for that purpose in 1 the highc-t spirits, and 'nfier performing his ablutions, sat on tho bank to perform poojnb. Soon after ho was noticed to be motionless. "On his followers approaching him, thuy found that life was extinct. An express was sent to the capital, nnd orders arrived to Cioue the fuueral ri'cs to the 1st March, three principal Ranees, his brother and son arrived, and tho ltnnces, or principnl wives, expressed their desire to sacrifice themselves. The brother tried to dissuade tbern but he failed, and the funeral pyre was prepared with sandalwood, 1 resin, nnd a large quantity of ghee. When the arrangements had been made the ladies I bathed, performed poojnb. and made presents to tiie Brahmin?. The next step was they took measures for thu government of the country and to maintain peace ; then general j direction were giwn lo the brother-in-law. I Their last net was to release some prison-re. I They then entered the funeral pyre, quite nuconccrncdly, muttering prayers. The corpse was then laid on its back, ami the cldot Ranee took its bend in her lap and tho two others took the feet. They were then surrounded by odorous coinbu-tiblcs, mid the Runes gazed upon the features of their hu<band. as if forgetful of every other con- sideration. The fire was then kindled, and iu a few minutes nil was over. Uncle Tom's Interview with Queen Victoiha. — A London paper has the follow ing interesting report of Mr. Ilenson's re marks upon the interview with the Queen: The Rev. Josiub Itenson (Uncle Tom), ad dressing a meeting in Edinburgh, referred to hi? interview with the Queen. He said thai when he saw the Queen she met him very gracefully, nud tliey might rely on it that he endeavored to meet her as gracefully, (Laughter.) Sho was neatly dressed, so was 1\. (Laughter.) She came and made a very polite bow to me, and so did I. (Laughter.) She said that she bad long read me, and heard a great deal about inc, and was happy to see me, indeed. I did uot oay ditt>- (laughter)— but I thought ditto— (renewed laughter)— nnd said ibis, that I lmd for a long time a great desire to sec her Majesty ill person, that I might have tiie honor of pre senting to her Majesty privn c thanks for tlio honor which she hud coufcrred upon herself by granting United States slaves nil asylutu from tho hand of the cruel oppressor. I said whenever a slure struck the soil of Great Britain ho was a man, and a free man. (Applause.) At every scutcneo her Majesty would make a polite bow, and so would I — (laughter)— and I told Ikt how our petitions had been ascending to God iu prayer aud thankfulness for (lie privilege which she had givcu us iu Canada from the armed hand of the oppressor. (Applause.) I said thnt we would be always an honour to the Crown, aud the greatest blessing wo could coufcr upon her Majesty would bo to hope that all her subjects should behave them-clvcs. (Laughter and applause.) Tbc Queen, lie said, then turned round to one of her Indies in attcudaucc mid got something, and walking buck to me, asked if I would hnvo this as a token from licr. It wn a beautiful— what do you call it. ?— (laughter)— portrait. Here it is. (Mr. Hen- ran here exhibited tlio portrait amid loud applan-c.) I was not, ho proceeded to say, very ncrvoit!.-, for I had just got one of the finest dinners I ever iuul (laughter), nud I must say that both I and Mr. Bowden , enjoyed it very much. (Laughter.) There were three or four men bowing around its, ami I thought 1 had got to a very fine place, as indeed I had. (Laughter.) Tho Queen then scut fur my better half and Mr. Bovvden, nud whim they came ut) I found that he bad found nut i he knack of bowing nml scraping a well a myself, (Laughter.) Aud so wo kcut up bowing and backing to otir fill. (Lnuglr er.) Sixteen Children Burnt to Death. — The Norwegian papers oring some detail of a terrible calamity wliich occurred a fo v days ago in the Nor-t egian village of KUiogsh, near (he town <<f A ilc-uml. U appear? rii.it the scho d master bad called Lie c dhliea >f the village together with the objec' oi exami ning tlion, usi ig for tbi- purpose thu second iloor of a largo unfiuMied log-housc> to which access was gained through a window by means of a ladder, the staircase uot being finished. Tweuty children had assembled, and (he examination was nearly conclude I, -when RiubV.'iily tho soho<>linv<ter observed heavy volumes of urn'oku punwtra ing into th" room, directly followe I by fiam.>:, enveloping the room in n moment in fire. U i iing o the window the master observed to bis tr ro- that the ladder hml dieapp ared. thus cutting off the only nvans of escape, Seizing a couple of (bo children bo threw them out of the window; hut blinded, suffocating, aud scorched, he wn? tumble to get hold of any more, and jumped himself through tbc win dow, breaking one leg in tho fall. All the men in the village were out fishing and tbc womeu away ; thus no assistance was possible, and the poor children were left to tlieir ter rible fate. Only four of the whole number escaped, nil more or less burned an 1 bruised, while sixt"pn pcrUbed, tbc floor giving way suddenly. The origin of the fire is unknown. The horror, dismay, and misery of the pnreuls wlieu, on their return, they found the charred remains of their children it is impossible to describe. Romantic Suicide.— Two bodies, tightly fastened together by means of a strong coru, were, a few days ago, taken from the River idnc nt Rouen. They were those of a young ni.au of twemy. named Ilcuri Dominois, nml a maiden of eighteen, uumed Eliza Duprc, his swi-ettioart. Henri was the son of M. Dominois. who occupies a good position in life, and Kliza was a simple work girl, pruriy and boned, with whom ho fell desperately iu love. A tetter found in the pocket of the young man tokl iu a few plain words their short but tragic story. " Our parents," raid this little mp uuscript, " would not nlto w us to mnrr, nnd we resolved to perish together, in order that we might not be separated in Paradise." Tho bodies had remained in the river from March 8, when the two young people disappeared from their respective homes. Funeral of Baroness Rothschild.— The late Baroness Meyer do Roth-child was buried ou March HI at the Wilte-sdcn Jewish Cemetery. The coffin was followed to tlio grave by Sir Nathaniel do Rothschild, M.P., Baron Ferdinand do Rothschild, Mr. Alfred dc Kothechild, .Mr. Leopold do Rothschild the Chief Rabbi (Dr. Adlcr), Lord Hough, ton, Baron Wciswcilor, Boron H. tie Worms, and many other gentlemen, including repre sentatives of several charitable and religious associations. The carriages of the Austrian Ambassador (Count Beusi), the Turkish Am- bus ndor (Musuru.s Pasha), the BrazilHun Minister. Lord Dorchester, the Hon. KHot Yorko, Sir M. Montcliore, mid many others followed, about seventy in number. The Rev. A. L. Green, minister of ihe Central Syna gogue. read the burial service, with the ex ception of one prayer (Kaddi-li). which pro claim the exultation of "God in that world in which liu is to restore the dead to everlasting life. ' This | rnyer is on ibera occasions always read by a son when any ore left behind, nud in other ca c? by an orphan in whom the dccen cd was in teres te I. On the present occasion it wn recited aloud by an orphan boy of the Jew-.' Deaf nnd Dumb Home in Walmcr-roud, Notting-hill, one of the two instiiuiions for teaching the dumb to speak which tbc dccen-cd lady took the principal share iu founding. The deaf boy's utterance was very distinct, and ns lie spoke in the mournful cadence into which mutes taught by the oral method naturally fall, the incident impressed those present' as n very touching one. Darouc.?s M. do Rothschild was buried next to- her husband, tho atc j member for nythe. A marble monument to mark the resting-place of her husband was being sculptured for the lato baronca3 by Mr. H. II. ArinLtcad, and will now be placed above the ashes of both. How She dressed a Lobster. — A young housekeeper up town wa? much surprised the other day, upon answering a ring at the door bell. to receive from a small boy a package, which proved to l»o a largo red lobst«-r(it having been cooked), with a note pinued around ono leg, stating : " Your husband would like to have this broiled for dinner." Sho know her husband was partial to broiled meats, but not having seen a lobster before she really cottldn t conceive Uow such a hard horrid-looking thing could be cooked in any way, much less broiled ; but ho must be pleased, if it was possible to do it, nnd so all the cook-books (she had a email library of thein) were takeu down and examined, hut no rccoipt could bo found for broiling any thing like this. Finally, being at her wti's end, ehc dressed it up m doll s clothes and sat it on her bu>bnnd's chair at the dinner- table, where that man found it when he came home, tli> joke being completely turned upon bim-eir, though the woman was seeininely unconscious of it. only saying it lio poin cd to the ridiculous object, Ymi wished ine to tires? it for dinner, and that is the only w.iy I knew of doing it" With a revolver in each boot-le and a gallon of < 'ivlifornia whisky under his hat, a miner waslouuging in the strectof Dcadwood City in thn Black Hills, when a stranger suddenly happened to brush ngaiust him. Out came the pistol from the right boot, nnd up went the right arm wiih a flourish. "Now took ycr, everybody in this yer gulch ; look at mo nud crawl ! I'm Wilil-Cnt Tip from Bear Gulch! Git out here, half a dozen of ycr. and form n line of battle, 'cause I can't hold onto this ycr hammer much longer; so tret 'cm out 1" Sumo one in the crowd fired a pis'ol iu the air, nnd simultaneously a rotten egg struck Tip between the eyes. "I'm murdered 1" he yelled, dropping his revolver and falling heavily to the ground iu a moment he came <o himself, nml, ati nightcning up, remarked, plaimircly, "Boys, let me sec tue calibre of the gun what shoots eggs.' Ax amusing mlsunderslunding was the enure of n church being crammed to over flowing. The miuister had given out the subject of bis sermon for the coming Suuday evening, and bud been understood to sav that it would be the " .Sanitary Aspects of Hell. ' Nothing more was needed to attract chinch- goers; but meanwhile the story had reached the reverend gentleman cars, and ou mouutiug rhc pulpit he raid, before anything else : " I fear some misconception has got abroad ns to the subject of my discourse, the result of which has been to incommode very considerably the regular attendants at this church. I am uudurstoxl to have given notice of a sermon on the Sanitary Aspects of Hell.' T know nothiug about hull. What I wish to speak to you ubout now are the 'Spiritual Aspects of Health.' " A Fashionable Woman's Prayer. — Strengthen my husband, nu l may hi? faith nml his money hold out to tho lost. Draw the lamb's - of unsuspicious twilight over his eyes that my flirtations may look to him like vie ories, nud that my bills may strengthen his pride ill me. Bless, O Fortune, my crimps, rats, and frizzles, nud let thy glory shine on my paiut and powder. Enable the poor to shift for themselves, and rave me from nil missionary beggar.?. Send the light of thy countcnnncn on my camel's hair shawl, my lavender silk, my point lace, nud my necklace of diamonds, und keep the moth out of my sable, I beseech thee. O Fortuue. Wheu I walk out Iwforo the gaze of vulgar men. regulate my wriggle and give new grace to my gait. When I bow rnyrelf to worship, gnuittliat I may do it with ravishing elegance, and preserve unto tho la-t the lily-white of my flesh nnd the tnjmr of my fingers. De stroy m:nc enemies with the gull of jealousy, and eat up with the teeth of emy all tho-c who muo ti ioii my style. Suvu me from wrinkbs, and foster my plumpness. Fill both iny oyes, O Furiime. with Ihe plaintive (>oi?oii of infatuation, thai I may lay out my victims — the men — a?duinb ns image? graven. Let the lily and the rose strive together in my die -k, nud may iny neck swim like a goo re on tho iKioOin of ervslal water. Enable me, O Fortune, to we »r, slioifl a little smaller, and save me from all corns nnd bunion?. Bless Fanny, my lapdog, and rain down hailstones of destruction upon those who shall hurtn hair of Hector, my ldtten. Stniie, 0 For tune, m»nt sweetly upon Dick, my canary, aud watch over with tho fondn -s? of a ghost my wo lily-wirtc mice with r d oyes. 