OlffcY A OLOD, CHAPTER XXVII. SEEING A GHOST BY TIIB AUTHOR OP "LADY AUW.EY'B SKOHKT,' " AURORA FLOYD," &C.;, &C.; Under tlw perpetual influeuce of his friend aud master, Harcourt Lowther, Mr. Tredethlyn's days and nights were so fully occupied that he had very little leisure for serious thought. Day by day the patient master taught his deadly lesson ; day by day the luckless pupil took his teachers precepts more deeply to heart. The simple, credulous nature was as malleable as clay under the practised hand of the modeller, and took any shape Mr. Lowther chose to give it. Francis was fully impressed with the idea that his money had purchased a lovely wife whose heart could never be given to him. All that fair fabric of hopes and dreams which had been his when he married Maude Hillary had been slowly but surely uudermined, and there was nothing left of its brightuess but the memory that it once had been. He thought of those foolish hopes now with anger and bitterness. Could he at any time have been so mad, so blind, so besotted, as to believe that this beautiful creature, perpetually floating in au atmosphere of frivolity and adulation, would ever fold her wings to nestle tenderly in his rude breast ? Othello, recalled to th sense of his declining years and griiny visage by the friendly bluntness of Iago, could scarcely have thought more bitterly of his Venetian bride than Francis thought of Maude after six months' daily association with his old master. But if the poison was quick to do its deadly work, the antidote, was always at hand. With thirty thousaud a year aud a fine constitution, what need has a young man for reflection 1 It is all very well for Mr. Young the poet, having failed to obtain wealth or preferment, to retire from a world which had treated him ill, and meditate upon the transitory nature of earthly blessings that he has been unable to obtain; but with youth and thirty thousand per annum, surely no man need be bored by such a darksome guest as dull care. Harcourt Lowther did his best to shield his friend from the gloomy intruder by contriving that Francis Tredethlyn's existence should be one perpetual fever of hurry and excitement. But though you may carry a man from racecourse to racecourse, by shrieking expresses tearing through the darkness of the night; though you may steep him to the lips in theatres and dancing-halls; though you may drag him from one scene of mad unrest to another, till his tired eyeballs have lost power to see anything but one wearisome confusion of gas light and color,—you cannot prevent him from thinking. The involuntary process goes on in spite of him. Ho will think in a hansom cab tearing over the stones of the Hayuiarket, in an express train rushing towards Newmarket at sixty miles an hour, on the box-seat of a guardsman's drag, on the rattling fire-engine of an aristocratic amateur Braid wood, on the downs at Epsom—yes even at the final rush, when every eye is strained to concentrate its power of sight upon one speck of color, the man's mind, for ever the veriest slave to follow that will-o'-the-wisp called association, will wander away in spite of him,—to mourn above a baby's grave, to sit amidst the perfume of honeysuckle and roses iu a still summer twilight trilling with the rings on a woman's hand. There were times when thought would corac to Francis Tredethlyn, in spite of all his friend's watchful euro. Ho would sit at the head of a dinner-table at the Crown and Sceptre, staring vacantly at the frisky wiuebubbles in his shallow glass, and thinking how happy ho might have been if Maude had only loved him. Ah, this poor . substitute of noise instead of mirth,—this pitiful tinsel of dissipation iu place of the puro gold of happi ness,—how miserable a mockery it was even at the best! Mr. Lowther generally broke in upon such gloomy reveries as these by calling to the waiter to exchange his friend's shallow glass for a tumbler. But there are pang6 of regret not to be lulled to slumber by all the sparkling wines that were ever grown in the fair champagne country, and Harcourt Lowther sometimes found his work very difficult. But amidst such perpetual hurry and excitement it was only natural that some things should bo almost eutirely forgotten by Francis Tredethlyn, and amongst these forgotten things wore the sorrows of his missing cousin. The (Jray's-Inn lawyers had carte bfancha,. and could have employed all the detective machinery in London in a search for Susftn Tredethlyn, olios Susen Lesley, had they so chosen; but - your intensely tespefctable family ; solicitor is the slowest of slow coaches, and ^Messrs. Kursdale and Scardon contented themselves with an occasional advertisement in the 6econd columu of tihe Titim supplement, informing Susan Lesley that alio might hfcar of something to jtior advantage ,pn applying at their office; and further offering a liberal reward for any information .respecting the above-mentioned lad;; The advertisement -did not eutirely escape notice. - A good many Susan Lesleys presented themselves:—One a fat old woman of seventy, who kept a tobacconist's shop in the neighborhood of Seven Dials; another a bony and pugnacious-looking person,.with fiory red hair, and a fine South-of-Ireland brogue, who threatened dire vengeance on the quiet lawyer when he refused to recognize her pretensions to hear of something to her advantage. All the Susan Lesleys were ready to swear anything in order to establish their claims to that unknown advantage—which might be anything from a five-pound note to a million of money, or a dormant peerage,—but they all broke down lamentably under Mr. Kursdale's cross-questioning, and he did not even trouble Francis Tredethlyn to confront the false syrens. So, amid Xewmarket meetings and Greenwich dinners, chicken-hazard, billiards and unlimited loo, poor Susan's rustic image melted quite away; and Francis forgot the solemn promise he had uiade, and the sacred duty he had set himself to do when his Uncle Oliver's heritage first fell into his hands. And Francis Tredethlyn's forgetfulness might have lasted very long, if an accident had not e awakened him to a most vivid recollection of the past. It was the May-time saturnalia of the turf, the Epsom week, and Mr. Tredethlyn's drag had been to aud fro upon the dusty roads carrying a heavy load of Bohemianism under convoy of the iudefatigablc Harcourt Lowther. Francis had been rather unlucky, and a good deal of money had changed hands after the Derby, the larger part of it finding its way into the pockets of Mr. Tredethlyn's obliging friend. The Oaks day was to have redeemed his fortunes, but the day was over, and Francis drove home amongst the noisy ruck of landaus aud waggonettes, ponderous double dog-carts, heavily-laden sociables, tax-carts and costermongers' barrows, with the outer leaves of an attenuated cheque-book peeping from his breast-pocket, and the dim consciousness that he had distributed hastily-scribbled cheques to the amount of some thousands, floating confusedly in his brain. He drove to town through the spring twilight, with Dutch dolls in his hat, and a heavy pain in his heart. papier muchc noses of his companions were scarcely more false and hollow than their gaiety. Of course it would be impossible to conclude such a day without a dinner. The sort of people amongst whom Francis Tredethlyn lived are perpetually dining and giving dinners; only the dinner-givers are as one to twenty of the diners ; so, at some time between nine and ten o'clock, Maude's husband found himself iu his usual place at the end of a glittering table, iu an odorous atmosphere of asparagus soup and fried mullet,, and with a racking headache, that was intensified by every jingle of glasses and rattle of knives ahd forks. lie had lost heavily, and had drunk deeply under the warm May suushine on the Downs. To lose cheerfully is given to many men, but how very few have the power to lose quietly ! Francis had taken his disappointment in a rather uproarious spirit; slapping his companions on the shoulder, and making new engagements right and left; backing the same horses by whose shortcomings lie had just lost his money; and huskily protesting the soundness of his own judgement in despite of the misfortunes of the day. He went on talking now at the end of the dinner-table, though the sound of his own voice by no means improved the splitting pain in his head. He went on talking amidst a claiuour of many voices, through which oiie sober and silent toady, sitting next to Mr. Tredethlyn, made a vain effort to understand his discourse. He poured forth misty vaticinations on coming events, gave general invitations for a great dinner at Virginia Water on the Ascot cup day, and galloped noisily along the road to ruin in which Harcourt Lowther had set him going. That splitting headache of his was getting worse every minute, when some one proposed an adjournment to an adjacent theatre. There had been counsel taken with a waiter. A West-end waiter is no mean dramatic critic, though he never sees a play; the opinions of playgoers percolating perpetually through his ears must leave some residuum in the shape of knowledge. The waiter opined that the best entertainment in London was to be had atDrury Lane, where a melodramatic spectacle of some celebrity was being played that evening for the last time but one. ' Inspired by the waiter, Mr. Tredethlyn's party uiade their way to' the theatre, bearing Mr. Tredethlyu along with them, indifferent where he went, and carrying his headache with hiin everywhere It was past ten o'clock, and the last scene of the groat spectacle was jon. Tlxe house was full, and the ,audien<?e h«!erp) fohiefly of that restless and vociierious order wno drop into a theatre at ^all-price on groat raQe-nigtyte. Mr. Tredpthlyn and his party could only find standing-room af; ,the back of ( , the dress'piycle, and from this position Frances; hel*eld the grand final tableau. • .. The piece was an adaptation of ' sohie great Parisian success^ome story t>f the Reigribf > Terror,—aud in this last scene tlie'stage was crowded by a clamorous populacp. .Upwards of three: hundred men, women, and children were engaged in the scene. Blouses and uniforms, the picturesque head, dresses of the provincial peasantry, the sckrlet cap of liberty, the cocked hats of the gendarmerie;—all blended in one grand mass of movement and colour, while the rapid action of the piece drew to its triumphant close. Mr. Tredethlyn did not trouble himself 'to wonder what the piece had been aboilt.' He saw somebody killed—a villian it was to be supposefl, since the crowd set up a wellorganized yell of rejoicing; then there was a reconciliation, an embrace, a young lady in short-waisted white muslin clasped to the breast of a young man in a long-tailed blue coat and low top-boots, adorned with manycoloured bunches of riband. Then the band broke into the stately measure of the " Marseillaise Hymn," the crowd clamoured a shrill chorus, and the curtain fell It was while the curtain was descending very slowly to that triumphant music that Francis Tredethlyn saw something which startled him like the sight of a ghost, It was a face—a woman's face iu a high Nornamdy cap, looking out of the many faces in the crowd, a thin, worn, melancholy countenance, very sad to look upon, among all those other faces fronting the audience with a stereotyped siuile. " My God!" cried Mr. Tredethlyn, clasping his two hands upon his hot forehead, and pushing back the rumpled hair, " who is it ? What's the matter with me? I feel as if I'd seen a ghost! " There was a little piece after the melodrama, a slender little production, popularly known as a "screaming" farce. It was not the most strikingly original dramatic invention, and its chief point consisted iu one gentlemam in tartan trousers being perpetually mistaken for another gentleman iu tartan trousers, while both gentlemen were, alternately sitting upon bonnet-boxes and dropping trays of crockery. There was certainly not very much in the farce, but the audience laughed uproariously, and Francis Tredethlyn's party joined in J thfe laughter. He found himself laughing, too, as loudly as the rest of them; but .amidst all that confusion and clamour, the wan, sad face, with two inartistic patches of rouge upon its hollow cheeks, kept surging up «ver an anon out of the chaos of his brain, and haunting him like the face of a ghost Who was it] What was it! Was it some accidental likeness ? . Was it a face tfyat he had seen and knawju in the. past j Alas for the steady, clear-headed soldier, who had been so prompt to obey military orders,BO strict in the periormance of duty! Francis Tredethlyn's muddled senses refused to help him to-night The author, of "What will lie do witjiit?" tells us that light wines are the most treacherous of liquors ;:'' they inflame the brain like fire, while melting on the palate like ice." • Mr. Tredethlyn had been drinking a mixture of divers champagnes and Moselles all day long, arid he tried in vain to fist the vague image which floats amidst the confusion of his brain. Ho went home iu the early grey of the May morning; but not to sleep. Ho lay tossing from side to side, tormented by that preternatural wakefulness which is apt t<>' succeed a long period of riot and excitement, The course atEpsom, the gipsy fortune-tellers, the betting-men in white hats and greonveils, the Dutch dolls and pink.calico pincushions, the dust aaid clamour of the homeward drive, the jinglijig of broken glass, the popping of corks, the revolutionary <jrowd in the drama, the tartan trousers and broken'bandboxes in the force,—all mixed themselves in his brain, falling to pieces, and putting themselves together again like the images in a kaleidoscope. ; • . , Mr. Lowther, coming to 'see ttis friend at 1 the correct visiting hour, found Fjanqs still in bed, in a little room behiud the library, which he liad fitted up for himself atHarcourt's: instigation, as a bedroom and drossing-room, a't kind of refuge to which he might betake himself when he was unfit'to encounter % calm gaze ot^aude's clear'blue byesfiMV/ upon liunjc «£>rrowful wonder.' Her Jnannei: ' > to him Md never quite recovered its ol<jt" kindness since that unlucky encounter on tho, stairs. Sho was still kind to liirn; butilie' could BOB that it was by an effort only tliat she retained anything of her old friendliness. ! 8t5e thi 8 and ' .. the knbwlcage of it' galled linn to thd quick.., Hawburt Lowther'a was WojWii, l|alf don? by .tljis tfrno.. Ho hod no longer, any difficulty im,jtoguiling i FrflnoiBabroad,forTHECO^lshman no longer ^ ^ S ^ S ' n o t venr long.FTUON • r fl feverish slumber after long hours of HVAM weariness, when his friend called ^fhim Hawourt seated kimaelf by the of the narrow brass bedstead, and stared "Somplativoly at the sleeper, w]-Ho he spoke < tfthe Wet who had admitted him to the \ you can let your master sleep till four o'clock, Jervois," he said. « At four give him omeeoda and brandy. He has an appointment with me at half- past five. Take care that he doesn't oversleep himself. I'll write him a line by way of ^minder." He drew a little writing-table towards hun, and wrote a few lines on a sheet of notepaper : « DEAR TRBDETHLYN.—Remember your encasement at my quarters] 5.30 sharp. You S better bring the mail phaeton, and can rive mo a lift to the S. and G. "Yours faithfully, «IL L." He slipped his note into an envelope, and dipped his pen into the ink; but before writing the address, he stopped suddenly, and tore the note into fragments. « She might see it!" he muttered thoughtfolly, " and that might show her the nature of my cards. The only wise man is the one who can do his work without the most dangerous of all machinery—pou and paper. Poor Francis 1 ho looks a littlo worn." Mr. Lowther looked down upon the sleeper with the most benign expression. He had no dislike whatever to the simple Cornishinan ; he had only—his own plans. « These fellows who come suddenly into a large fortune are sure to kill themselves before they have done spending it," he murmured, complacently. "Jervois," he said, as he went out, "you won't forget your master's engagement. He'd better drive up to my in place the mail phaeton." Mr. Lowther's " place" was the same lodging which he had taken for himself when he first returned to England. He was an adven turer; but he was not a vulgar adventurer, and in all his dealings with Francis Tredethlyn he had not sponged upon that gentleman's purse for so much as a five-pound note. He had his plans; but they were not the plans of a man who lives from hand to mouth. He won a good deal of his friends money j but he never cheated Francis out of a sixpence. His sole advantage was that which must always accompany skill and experience as opposed to ignoranc and inexperience. In the meanwhile, Harcourt Lowther lived as best he might on his winnings and a small allowance made him by his mother. The Lowthers were great people in their way, and Harcourt had admission to some of the best houses in London. He was very well received in that circle in which Maude Tredethlyn had taken her place, and contrived somehow or other to be present for an hour or so at almost all of the parties in which she appeared; though to break away from the Haunts of Bohemianism to drop into politer life, and then return to Bohemia in the same evening, was almost as difficult as a harlequin's jump in a pantomime. Harcourt Lowther did this, however, and did it very often; and Maude Tredethlyn, enjoying all the privileges of a matron, found herself sometimes standing amongst the statueB and exotics on a crowded staircase in Tyburnia, talking with Harcourt Lowther almost as familiarly as they had talked in the old summer evenings by the quiet river. Sometimes, looking back upon such a meeting, Maude felt inclined to be angry with Mr. Lowther for having taken something of the old tone; but could she blame him for the lowered accents of his voice, the subdued light in his eyes, the unconscious tenderness into which he was betrayed in those public meetings, when she remembered how nobly ne kept aloof from her in her home ? Never y® 1 £®d he presumed upon his intimacy with the husband in order to intrude himself on the presence of the wife. What harm or danger, then, if, in crowded assemblages, ho surmounted all manner of small difficulties in order to make 1 his way to her side? What could it matter if ho lingored just a little longer than others, contriving all sorts of excuses for delay ? It is rather a pleasant thing for a frivolous young married woman, serene ! u the consciousness of her own integrity, to know that a man's heart is breaking for her 1, 1 a gentlemanly way. A word too much, f| v °. ne i a loot and Maude would ^have 1 alarm, and fled from her ^Sdmirer «w worn the momous* fangs of somo tieadly reptile; but Harcourt Lowther knew better than to speak that word., He had his own pians. and he was carrying them out in his way:: .neither ,byi word nor look had he ever yot offended Maude Trodethlyu; but now, wnen he tried to cut a path for himself through Liu ** her, he found loss difficulty £„ i • P 1 0^; People .began wake way o r A^ ftttd it wasjbohsidered a settlod thing that he should be found somewhere near her. He had not offended her; he had only—compromised her. Francis awoke before the hour at which his servant had been told to call liim. The valet's place was almost a sinecure, for the Cornishman still retained, of his old nature, the simple independent habits of a man who can wait upon himself. He got up at four o'clock, and had nearly completed his toilet, when the servant brought the soda and brandy prescribed by Harcourt Lowther. " And if you please, sir, you were to beBO good as to remember an appointment with Mr. Lowther at half-past five, and was to please to drive the mail phaeton," said the valet, while his master drank the revivifying beverage. "Very good," muttered Mr. Tredethlyn, with something like a groan ; " you may go and order the phaeton for five o'clock. Is Mrs. Tredethlyn at home ?" "No, sir," The man departed, and Francis finished dressing. He had ten minutes to spare after putting on his outer coat, and lie sat down to look at the newspaper which lay ready cut on his writing-table, He took up tho Times but only stared vacantly at the advertisement sheet. His head still achod, in spite of a shower-bath and a vigorous application of hard hair-brushes; but his intellect was a good deal clearer than it liad been before he dressed. Suddenly, out of the advertisement sheet, vivid as the figure of Banquo at Macbeth's uncomfortable supper-party, there arose before him a face—a wan, faded face—in a white muslin-cap. "Groat Heaven!" he cried; "I didn't know her!" The ghost that he had 6een upon the previous night was the ghost of the woman he had so longbeen looking for—hiscousin Susan CHAPTER xxvrrr. "OH, MY AMY! MINK XO MORE!" Francis Tredethlyn drove bis friend down to Richmond at a rattling pare, but he scarcely spoke half-a-dozen words throughout the journey; and Harcourt Lowther, keeping the watchful eye of the master upon his pupil, saw that something was amiss. Now although the Cornish man's guide and Mentor had his plans, very definite plans, as clearly drawn out as the great Duke's arrangements for Waterloo,—which wondrous victory was not quite the lucky accident our neighbors imagine it to have been j yet he was far too wise a diplomatist to ignore the sublime opportunities which chance sometimes throws in the way of a schemer, shattering the complicated machinery so dexterously and patiently put together, and opening a new and easy way to success over the ruins of the old road Mr. Lowther was quite prepared to make good use of any accident whtch seemed likely to help him. He was like a chess-player who takes his place before the board with a perfect plan of action mapped out in his mind, and who may see his entire scheme overthrown, his most brilliant arrangements stupified by the first move of his adversary, but who will win the game nevertheless, after his enemy's fashion, if not after his own, being no enthusiastic advocate of pet theories, but only a man of the world, resolutely bent on success. Upon this particular afternoon Harcourt saw that something had gone amiss with his friend, and he was bent on discovering what the something was. With this view he had resort to that imaginary instrument which his companions of Bohemia called the pumphandle ;" but on letting down a moral plummet into the depths of Mr. Tredetblyn's mind, he found himself in much deeper water than usual, and quite unable to reach the bottom. " If he has secrets from me, he'll throw all my machinery out of gear," mused Harcourt Lowther; " and yet I don't quite know that seoret might be worked into something with her. What a wonderful creature that Iago was, by the bye ! especially when one considers that he took all that trouble for no better motive than jealous twinges about a wife whom lie treated like a dog, and an envious grudge of Cassio's advancement. Aha, my divine Williams, that's tho only flaw inyour maffnum opus; your motive power isn't equal to your ponderous machinery! Now if Othello had been the owner of thirty jthousand a year and a beautiful wife whom Iago loved, there might have been some reason for tho exhibition of a little Italian jdiplomocy. But revenge! Bah! Tho luxury of a maniac. The pet wickedness of a woman. Your novelist cannot write a story, your playwright cannot devise a drama, but he must have recourse to revenge to keep the action jgoing. Yet, in tho history of men how small and pitiful a part the.heoric passion plays ! A Cromwell condemns a Charles Stuavt to the scaffold. For revenge 1 No; simply because Charles is in the way. ' A Robespierre drowns his country in the blood of her sons; and yet I doubt if ho bore a hearty grudge against one of his victims—a littlo political jealousy, perhaps, at the worst. A Richelieu extinguishes the haughty noblem of Frannce—out of revenge ? No ; but the noblesse interfere with the schemes of my Lord Cardinal. A Countess of Essex connives at the poisoning of her husband} revenge ? not a bit of it, but because she wants to marry some one else; and poor Sir Thorna* Overbury must die, not that any one hates the man, but the creature is so tiresome. And Arabella Stuart pines in prison ; and the heads of the regicides rot on Temple Bar; and Charles, the merry monarch, the pet of the painters and romancers, the man whose sins have been dealt with so lightly that we are apt to mistake them for virtues—can be as hard as a Nero when it suits him that the patriots Russell and Sidney shall perish in their prime; and James II. sends youug Monmouth to tho block. Why ? Is revenge the impulse that stirs these men's hearts? Not at all. Not man's passionate hatred of his neighbour, but man's devoted love of himself is the motive power that moves the headsman's arms, and bids the swooping axe' descend upon fair young necks from which the lovelocks have been newly shorn. Revenge ? Pshaw ? Has it a feather's weight in the balance of history ? In all the story of our land, what has revenge to answer for ? A semi-mythical Rosamond poisoned in her bower—an Essex condemned in passionate haste, and lamented in dreary leisure by the Queen who loved him—a Konigsinark's handsome face trampled upon by a German tigress." With such random seflections as these Mr. Lowther beguiled tho silence of the drive to Richmond. During dinner and throughout the evening he watched his friend closely ; but ail the facinations of Bohemia were powerless to arouse Francis Tredethlyn from the thoughtful mood. Indeed, the Bohemians had a charming faculty for enjoying themselves amongst themselves without any reference to the host and paymaster, who was generally looked at rather in the light of a bore and an intruder—the dentil's head at the banquet. Some of ilr. Tredethlyn's new friends had christened hi in the Necessary Evil; and tonight, while lie sat moodily brooding over the story of his cousin, pretty lips made laces at the company over his shoulder; and one lovely Bohemian, more playful than the rest, amused herself and her acquaintances by filling the pockets of his dress-coat with the empty shells of the lobsters, and the corks of the champagne. For the rest, what did it matter in what dreary regions his mind wandered, so long as he was there to write a cheque for the bill i only one pair of eyes looked at him with any show of interest; and those eyes watched him as the serpent watches the bird; with as deadly a purpose, with as quiet a gaze. But, watch him as closely as he would to-night, there was something in Francis Tredethlyn's mind which Harcourt Lowther could not read quite as easily as a page in an open book, and as it was his habit to read most things relating to the Cornishman. " What does it matter V thought Sir. Lowther, abandoning himself to reflection again during the homeward drive; " let him keep his secret from me if he likes, and I'll use it for my own benefit when he plays against me. He is my dummy, and he plays my game. When he leads a suit of his own choosing, I am ready on his right hand with a cluster of small trumps. Play as he will, he can scarcely throW me out. What does it matter how the game is won, so long as one scores the odd trick?" The day after this Richmond dinner was Sunday ; but even that circumstance did not prevent Francis Tredethlyn from taking pre liminary steps towards finding the missing girl whom he fancied quite within his reach now; since it seemed certain that the face he had seen on the stage of Drury Lane was tho face of his uncle • Oliver'6 daughter, and no other. It had been his habit until very lately to accompany Maude every Sunday morning to a certain fashiouable place not very far from Sloane Street, where miserable sinners lamented their iniquities and their wretchedness amid the subdued rustling of silk at a guinea a yard, and in an atmosphere that was odorous with Jockey Club and Ess Bouquet. But Star- and-Garter dinners, and evenings " finished" in mysterious localities at the West-end, are by no means conducive to early rising ; and now the Sabbath bells that Mr. Tredethlyn had been wont to hear ringing blithely in tho morning air while he breakfasted with his wife, were apt to mingle with his feverish morning dreams' aud to transform themselves into the shrill peal of an alarm-boll summoning the fireman's succour for perishing wretches in some blazing habitation, or the bell on board a boat leaving a pier—a boat which the dreamer was—<)li, so eagerly— striving to reach, but never, never could; for jusl as his foot was going to step upon the deck, tho plank on which ho trod would give way and tilt him into tho waking world ; with a raging headache, perhaps, and a dull ceaseloss pain in his breast, which he scarcely cared to acknowledge by its ugly name of Remorse. (To be continued.) „, .u 