[?] CP.EEtl PASTURES AND P3C8AQ1LLY.* ?A NEW TALE WILLIAM BLA.GK. Autdob of ''Msdow Violet^' flan Princess ofThoib,' &o.; CaAPTER XLIX.— A New CoHPANioir.' Tho arrival of tho now sovereign to tako pos session of the coded dominions has been mado known to tho pooplo at Eaglo Creek ranch ; and coon oar poor Boll wa3 being mado tho victim of. J continual interviews, during which, agents, ovtr- \ gcers, and lawyera vainly cadeavorod 'to get snma ' defiaite information into her tewildered hfiad. Fot what was the use of reportiag iboufc tho Ia3fc branding of calves, or about tho last month's yield of the Belle of St. Joo, or about tho probable co3t o! tbo new crashing raacliinos, when the per petual refrain of her thinking waa, ' O good peoplo, wouldn't you lake tho half of it ; and let mo have my children? ' Fortunately her husband was in no wise bewil dered ; and it was svitb. do little curiosity that ho went off to inspect the horsea and two car* riagea that had beon sent on to Denver for m from the ranch. My lord was pleased to exprc3S hia approval of these ; albeit that ono of tho vehicles was rather a rude-Ioaking affair. !Tho other, however— doubtless Colonel Sloane's 3tato carriage— wa3 exceedingly smart, and had obvi ously beoa polishei up for tha occasion j whilo a« rogarda the hor3e3, the3O were able to elicit even eomething more than approval from thi3 ac complBlicd critic. Ho went back to the hotel highly pleased. Ho boliovod bs had rjot some inkling that life at the raoch wa3 not wholly imago. The beautiful polished shafts and tho carefully brushed dark-bluo cushions had bad an effect on his imagination. And then, right in tbo midst of all tlm tur moil, Lady Sylvia got a telegram from New York. We had juat sat', down to dinner ia the big saloon, at a aoparato table ; and wo wore a Bufficiontly. staid and decorous party, for Mr. and Mra» von Rosen wore dreaaed in black, and tUo rest of ua bad donned wLaiover dark atliro wo had, withes, out of respect to the memory of tho lamented Jack Sloane. (Ouo of tho executors was to call in on us after dinner ; but no matter,) This to legrara produced quito a flattsr c£ ^««itement ; and for tho moment wo forgot all about Texan Lerda and placer iniacsi. Lady Sylvia bocamo a triflo pale as tho tolegram w&3 handoJ to her ; and aho Ecemed to read it at ono jjlanco ; tben, despite herself, a smile of p!ca3uro'camo to hor lipa ; aad tUo color returned to her faco. . ' I5ut vrhat ia this, Mr. von Eoscn ?' fiho said —and she endeavored to talk iu a matter-of-fact ; way, Hi if nothing at all hadbappenod— 'My1 Lasband epeako of eomo proposal you have iaade: to him.' 'Yen,' eaid tlio Iioatonant, blushing liko a guilty ncuoolboy. '?? ?' Ho looked (it bia wife ; and both wcro a triflo embarrassed ; but at tbia momont Lady Sylvia handed tho telegram across IIjo table. ' ¥ou may read it,' eho said indifforoatly ; aa if it bad conveyed Lut Jittlu nep.7- to bor. And yet it wai ft loug telcgro.m— to bo eeat by a man who wan not worth isixpcucs. HurU Iialfour, Nevy York, to Lady Sylvia lial four, Contral Hotal, Denver : llava «got your letter : all i:i r»j;ht. Shall reach you Saturday. 1'lcaso toll von R'tsen that, aubjoct to your wi9ho3, I accept proposal with gratitude. ' Lr.ly Sylvia,' raid tho lteatonant, with his Irpnzwl face a;i full of triumph ns if lio himaolf bad brought about tbo whole buBincm /'Will you Jot mo cry ' hurrah I'! Boll, shall I cry, ?hurrah!'? Madame, do you objoct ?' i And bo bold up tho bit of paper for a signal, &a; if v/owcro about to shock tho calm propriotiea of Donvor. ? ? ? ? ' ? '» ? 'Mnyltcollio tolcgraro, Ludy 8;IvU\\*'said. J.Trj, von Uoaco, taking nonoflco of her mad hus band. _ ?' y ' Corlctinly. Tint pleake tell mo, VLi. ron^ojeo, ' wliat Uie proposal La, Why,,4o tou.tt^U Ip.cry ?liurrolil'?' -' ' ? -VfLv , ; ' Ah, yes, jfoa may well vik,' said; tbo ydang; man, moderating his forvor, /' for t wju too «ooni witbmyclwlnoiw, I will hnve'to pomtfadeyoii before wo can cry lmrraui, ? WliatI waslblnkiiig1 of wm tills— that you und t/tf, HAlfour would bo e wholo year with us :, and vro should iiaro great | abilfloraent ; and tlio «1ipo ting .that I Iiavo' hoard ' fit dlrtoo yc»torday--oU!'Ioannot toll you bt H,\ iluthoeaynit bi all oubjcot to your yrUUpt s noni Ifnu»tloi{in topoMuwlo tou to «tay way' from Knjjlflnd.fora wholo yew, and to giro thopleaiuro of your»ooloty» It i« ft gr««t fcrortlifttt my wifoJ, and myteU we both A«k of you ; /or try »h-llbo lonely ont here until wo got used to tho plaoo ftal know our neighbors ; bat if you wore otic ooi^li*! bora, that would bo vory pleasant, And X hum beon vory busy to lind ont abont Eaglo CreoV-eSv1 no, it 13 not go bad aa yon would think ; yott ett' havo overytliing from Donvor— I So cot Wcrjr about ladies' Baddies, bufc I will »3k— and it it. tho most beautiful and healthy air ia tho txoiitL, Lady Sylvia ? ' ' ^ \- ' My doar Mr. von Roson,' caid Lady Sylvia,' interrupting him with a charming Bmilo, 'doni; Book to porauado mo : I was porsuaded whon S, got the mossago from my husband ; for of eotoss I will do whatever ho wishes. But iE you will1 lot mo say bo, I don't think tbia proposal of yours Is very wiso. It was scarcely fair of you to wrifco to Now York and inyeiglo my husband into ifc, vtitik« out letting mo know. It is very chatting', cs doubt ; nnd you are veryicind ; and I bavoooS tho least doubt wo shall onjoy oursolvea vory much ; but you must remember that my IiaabanflL and myself havo something el30 to think ©£ nosr. Wo cannot afford to {kink only of Bhooting aad riding, and pleasant oociety. Indeed, I fcooltift for granted that my husband had como outfe) America to find somo profession or occupation^ and I am rather ourpriscd that bo baa aocojiSiod your proposal. It was too tempting, I snpposo^' and I know we shall enjoy ourselves vary much ? ' Husband and wife had beon glancing at oacfc otlior, as if to inquire which should speakius^ Ii was the lieutenant who took tho burden ©a bra shoulders; and certainly he was extremely ena» barrassecl when he began. Fortunately in thesa western hotels you are expected to order yoat dinner all at once ; and it is put on tho tablo-clfc at once ; and then the waiter retire3, unless '&*, happens to bo interested ia' your conversation/ when ho remains, and looks down, oa your about, ders. In this case, our colored brother had mo?e£ off a bit. '?- ' Lady Sylvia,' said he, ' I wish Mr. Balfooe had explained to you what the proposal ia in a lettor ; but how could that be ? Ha will b3 here 03 soon as any letter. And I am afraid you will think me very impertinent when. I tall you,' . . . ? .'?? He looked at her for a second ; and then, tta courage of this man, who had beetS' throtEgtt 'the whole of the 1SGG and 1870-71 campaign^ and done good service in both, fell away 'alto* gother. ' Ah,'said he, lightly— but tha Germans aro not good actors, 'it is a littlo matter. I will leavo it to your husband to tell you. Only tlsiS I will tell you ; that you must not think fcfcaE your husband will spend the whole yoar in idIo/« ness ? ' ' .,?.....',? ' It is a mystery, then?' elio said, with. a smile. (S I am not to be allowed to peep into the secret chamber ? Or is it a conspiracy of which! I am to be tho victim ? Mrs. von Eosea, you will not allow them to murder mo at the. , ranch ?' ' . Mrs. von Eosen was a trifle embarrassed also ; but she shosved greator courago than her husband. '?-.;,', ' I will tell you what the secret is, Lady Sylvia,' she said,'' if my husband won't. Ho is afraid of offending you ; but you won't bo offended with me. Wo wore thinking, my hus band and myself, that Mr. Balfour was coming oat to America to engage in some business j and yon know that is not always easy to find ; and then wo were thinking about our own affairs at ,lb.o Bamo time. You know, doar Lady Sylvia' — and - hero aho put her hand gently ou hor f riend'a hoad, as if to stay that awful person's wratlfnnd resent* rnent — ' we run a great risk in Ioaving,all febeiKj thing?, both up at Idaho and out oa tho plains, to-be managed by per3ona who are strangorB to«» — I moan, when wo go back to Eneland. And it occurred to my husband and mysolf that if vro could get nome ono whom we could thoroughly trust to stay here and look into tho accounts ani reports on tho spot— well, tbo truth is, vtq thought it would bo worth whilo to givo oueii a person anintoreat in tho yearly result rather than any fixed nakry. Don't .you thiuk bo?' oho said, rathor timidly. , ..... ' Ok, yes, certainly,' Lady Sylvia replied : olio half guessed what win coming. 'And then,' aaid our Ball, cheerfully, a3 if it wiwall a joke, ' my husband thought ho would write to Mr. Dalfour tolling him that if ho liked to try this for a time— just until ho could look round and get something bolter—it would bo a great obligation to U3 ; and would bo ao pleasant for us to have you out hero. Tlmt was tho pro* poanl, Lady Sylvia, It wag ouly a suggestion. Perhaps you would not caro to roraain boro, lio far away from your borne ; but in any case, E thought jou would isot be offended.' Slio was, on tho contrary, most, dooply And grievously offended, -as waa natuval. Jlor itt« di/piant wrath lcne\vno bounda. Only the ool9 token of it was two big lean that quietly rolled down her face ; and for u necoml or two ufio did not speak at all, but kept her head caiit dov/n. 'I don't knov/,'eaid ulio, .it length, ia a vary low and rather uncertain voico, ' what wa lifvvc dono to tlcaarve ko much kiudnoss—from all of you.' ' OIj, no, Lady Sylriu,' our Hull Buid, with tlto utmost eagomeaB, ' you must not look on it em kiadnesa at all— it in only a business proposal1; for, of cournOi v/o arc very ansioua to have cvory thing vrcll 'ioolccd nftor in our nbaonco-it iso£ grout iiapoitnnco for tho i:ako ol tho oliildreo*' And then, you f,co, Mr, Uiilfoiir and yourseM would bn ablo to n'tvo it :i ycar'it trial bsforo dft cidJ:ig whotlior you would' ruio to roma'm htro.; ami Jyou v/ould bo ublo to iitid out whothoV 1^9 cliraftto buitod you— ami whether thoro wm enough amusement — ' ? ' » 'Dear Mrs. von R9«on,' oaid Lady' Bylrbk^ gently, 'you need not try to explain awayjjwgr' 'kindness. You would novor Lavft (bought of Ihui but for our »akc« ? ' ?, . .u - '. ' 'No,'b1io cried, boldly^ 'but whyTDijOWM Vo oliduld havo nold off everything at (lio end ^t [iiwwir, raluov (ban liuve ho wuoli auxloljr^a 'jJagbnd, ' Hut if wo cau geli this groat buila«a ?properly ' inauaacil, why *Uould! wo throw ii away?' ,'' ' ' ? , ? - , 'You fprjjot Ibul jny LunLand know* n$Vbtag iibouiu-r-' .? , ... „?; ,,;- ..,...« ' 'Ho will have a year to learn | and lii* mow »rc4eitco hero wlllmriUo' nil tho i\tlonnw,' ' 'Then l- It .undftntood, Uby Hylrlar tno Uoulonant »M, with All tbo omharrawmoat ««? .-^iiy,(^«i'hw7aw.:'-:'^Ji'*'-*^ romairiiwUfcos ll^minj^tidafiarid Twisbeaifc, I am vbry.wilBng*^ j^ sftid^W and very grateful' to 7on,' jV^H^JT -aid the lieutenant, 'I can && ^?BWjidorfol. tliinga now— waggons, camp-fixoa* «nppdr- Farti«B; and a glues of wine to drink to :^hft,bcaltb of our friends away, in England* Lady '^j*ria, your husband and I will write^ a- boofc Jl&oni; it— # A ycar'a hunting in Colorado and tho ?S&ckv; Mountains'. ' j . ''^ihopo my husband will Lave Bomothing elso Vtlio,' Xady Sylvia said, ' unlosa you mean to Bhame'Ua altogether.' '''..''?.'''.'''.'. .k .'But no ono can bo working alwayaj Ah, 'any good friondB,' ho said, addressing the remain*; ing, two of tho party, ' you will bo sorry .when yen otait to go. homo to England. You 'will make a groat mi3tako then. You wish, to sea tko iulcghany mountains in the Indian summer? Oh jcb, vbry good ; bub you eould bco that next' year; and in tho meantime think what splendid fan we chilli have ? ' ''? Ask Boll,' said QuoenT., with a quiet smile, ' whether nho would rather return with usnow,or ?wait out hove to hear of your shooting black-tailed dec? and monnt&in- shecp;?' At this point a message waa brought in to us : and it waa unanimously rosolvod to nsk Boll's bacincoa friend to como in and sit down and havo a glass of wino with ua. Surely tbore were no secrete about tho doings o£ Five- Aco Jack unfit far us all to heaT? We found Mr. T. W. G. ? a inasi worthy and excellent pereon, whoso tompor Bad not at all boon sourod by his failure, to find tho philosopher's atone. It is true, there_was a curtaineadnasa ovor the tho brown and wrinkled feea when ho described to us how tho many jxroC88S03 f or separating the gold from the crushed (juarta could j'uBt about reach paying expenses, and without doing much more; and how some litH'o improvement in one of those littlo processes, ilat might be stumbled on by accident, would suddenly make the discoverer a millionaire, tho gold-bearing quartz being simply inexhaustible. It was quito cloar that Mr. Q. ? had lost some iaonoy in this direction. He was anxious we should go up to Georgetown, when wo wore at Idaho, to aeo some mines ho had; in fact, ho produced ottnclry littlo parcels from his pocket, unrolled them, and placed the bits of stono before us with ^certain reverent air. Our imagination waa not fired. ...... He had known Colonel Sloane very well ; and ho spoke most discreetly of him ; for was not hia iiiaeo horo in mourning? Nevertheless thoro was a Blight touch of humor in his tone when he told xm of ono ofBoll's mines— the Virgin Agnos — ?nhiah led ono or two of U3 to suopecfe that Five Aco Jack had not qnito abandoned his tricks even, when his increasing riches rendered them unnecessary; The Virgin Agnes was a gulch mine, somowhere in tho'bed of the stream that Cornea rolling down the Clear Creek canyon ; and it was originally owned by a, company. It used to pay very well.- But by-and-by tho yield gradually diminished ; until it scarcely paid tho ?wages of tho men ; and, in fact tho mino was not considered worth working furthor. At this point it was bought by Ooloncl Sloano j and the strange thing waa tbat almost immediately it began to yield in a surprising man nor, nnd had continued to do so ever oinco. Mr. G ? congratulated our Bell on being tho owner of this mino ; and oaid ho weald havo much pleasure in showing ib to her when she wont up to Idaho ; but ho gravoly endod his story without dropping any hint aa to tho reason why tho Virgin Agnos had lilowly, drooped and snddonly rcvivod. Nor did ho tell us whether tho men employed in that mino ?woro generously allowed by Oolonol Sloauo to iliaro in his goad fortune. Ho . naked Boll whethor she propocod to Blurt for Idaho next day. Sho looked at her houband, ? '?? 'Oh, no,' said tho lieutenant, promptly. ' Wo havo a friond nrriving horo oa Sunday. Wo mean to wait lor him.' 'Pray don't delay on his account,' Lady Bjlvia said, anxiously. 'I can very well ro« main hoie for him ; and como up to 70a after vdxiW ' Ob, wo shall have plenty to do in those tlirco -a four days — plonty,' tho lioutonant said, ' I zaaat uco about tho ladies' Baddies to-morrow ; and I -want to buy &n; oxtra riflo or two, and a ro volvor, anda hunting-knifo. And thou this list of things lor tho hondo at Idaho ? ' Ho doubt thoro woo a good deal to bo douo ; only ono would liavo though b that, thrco or four (Ifcyii wan' pretty fair timo in whioh to proparo for & ul) orb trip up tho Clear Orook canyon. It was not, howovor. On tho Saturday morning, ovory. ono vvou mout extraordinarily busy, especially ay tbo time apnroaohod for tho arrival of tho train from Qhoyonno. Next day all tho shops would bo chut ; and on Monday inorntnj; early v/o utartod. ' Lady Sylvin,' smid tho lieutenant, with iu« gouuoua oaino'ituoa, ' I mubt really go after thoMo naddlca iigiiin. Toll Mr, Ualfour I ahull to lack to luuoh, will you, if you plenno ?' Indeed ono wont nw;\y oa ono minion j and tho ollior ou ouothor j until Micro witu no ono of tho party loft in tho hotol with Lady Sylvia but Qn'oon T. Tho latter waa in her own room, Bho iaog, nnd cont tv nor van t to auk her friend to come rind (jco hor, Bhu took Lady Sylvia'a lumd whon eho entered. 'I am going to ask you to excuso mo,' said »ho, with great innocence, 'I fool a littlo tir«tl ; I think I will He down for an hour, until lunolioou time. But yon know, dear Lady 8vlviu, Utfiero aro none of thom. downstairs, all yon iftTO to do ia to get into Uio oranibu/i wlion it t»ll»at tho door j and thoy will drivu you to tho ilatioa ; and you wilt not hate long to wait.' Too,, whito houd elio hold van tromblinfl violently. Lady Sylvia oald nothing at all ; but Wovpflworo uioiflt ; nud oho oiloutly ktoaodho* lifiuiut and wont avAy. , Aboaf on boor thorcaftor, four of ua wero WAted .at a oorUln nmoll Ublo, Mm muioan »lw,4 Tho women proloudcd to lo rory buoy with tho things boforo thorn, No ouo looked towwflo thjs door, ;, ^ , May, no ono would look tip no two iljiurou baino j into tho' We loloou, oml enmo wftlUng down lowardaui. 'Mro. von Iloson,' xald tho voioo ol liody Bjlritt, in tho finyont oltonoH, ?' Jot mo ferowrit to -oo joortiqw a'Ront— -»'' ! llut &w; \--aloij ttuaaouV* Ittolo dowi- 0ho left him1 td sbBkbiandB with -najahtlBato dawn on a chair in tho dusky cornor ; and bid away hor f aco from ^i'fiobteb^toiicfeoJK1'''''' ?''?';*,'.. , ' Ha I' 'cried tho liotitenant; in' hiBstbhnicat way, for hOTroulil haVor nono of this sentiment, ''do; joa knbw what' wo Tiavo got for yba' after your loiig jooxney ? My- ^oddf/ieudi- tnOrc id ft boefatoak ? coining foy yon j ; and'that-^tld yon know what;ihatis?~that ifl a bottle of English alO.l'; ???;':???.?;:?? ' :. ?;;. :. ? ' ';'£.; ; ,'-..;: - ??:.'.i- ClIAMXX £;— OiTB:'IiAi3^-NldBS ToaHTnEH,' ' On- that MbhOay morning, when wo left Denvot f 0 seek Boll's distant homo in these palo blue mountains, Jherb; waa no 1 great rejoicing among ub. It was the last day of our long journeying together janS we had been pleasantly asaociated : moroover one of ns waa going to leave he; dearest friond in thoso remote wilds, and Bho was rathor downhearted about ib. Happily tho secret exul tation of Lady Sylvia, which could nob altogothor bo concealed, kopt up our spirits somewhat : wo wondorod whetbor sho was not going to carry her husband's portmanteau for him, so anxious wa3 she about his comfort. Tho branch line of rail that piorcea for somo distance tho Cloar Crook canyon ' takea a oircuitoua ' course on leaving Denver through somo grassy plaino which are intersected by narrow and muddy rivulets, and aro sufficiently uninter-. eating j eo tbat there waa plenty of opportunity for tboBO sojourners to sketch cut nomotbing of their plans of living for tho information of the now comor. Bnb Balfour — who, by tho way, had got thoroughly bronzed by hia travelling —would not hear of all the fine plcasureex onrsiona that the lieutenant waa for planning out. 'Wo aro under enough obligation to you,' eaid ho, ' oven if I find I can do this thing ; but if I discover that I am of no uso ab all, thon your charity would bo too great. Lot ub gob to work first ; then, if tho way is dear, wo can havo our play afterwards. Indeed you will be able to com mand my attendance, once I havo qualified my self to bo your servant.' 'Yob, tbat is reasonable,' said tho lieutenant. 'lam quito sure,' said Lady Sylvia, 'that my husband would be- a poor companion for you, so long as our affairs aro unsettled ? ' 'And besides,' said Balfour, with a laugh, 'you don't know what Bplondid alternative schemes I have to fall back od. On tlio voyago ovor I used to lio awako at night and try to imagino all tho ways in which a man may earn a living who is suddenly made penniless. And I got up some good schemes, I think: good for a man who could get oome backing, I mean.' ' Will you pleaso to tell ua Bomo of thom ?' said Queen T., with no apparent sarcasm. 'Wo are so often appealed to for charity ; and it would bo delightful to bo ablo to tell poor people how to mako a fortune.' ' Tho poor people would have to hava somo inflnenoo. But would you like to hear my schemes ? Thoy are numberless ; and thoy are all based on tho supposition that in London thero aro a very large number of pooplo who would pay high prices for tho simplest necessaries of lifo, pro vided you could supply those of tho soundest quality. Doyoujsee? I take tho'caso of milk, for example. Think of tho nurabor of mothers in London who would pay a double prico for milk for their children, if you could guarantoo thom that it was quito unwatered and got from cowa living wholesomely in the country instead of in London stalls? That is only ono of a dozan things, Take bread, for oxamplo. I believe thero aro thousands of peoplo in London who would pay extra for French bread if thoy only knew how to get it supplied to thorn. Very woll : I step ' in with my nosociation— for tho wants of a great placo liko London can only bo supplied by big machinery— and I get a duko or two. and a handful of M.F.'a with mo to givo it a pbilau thropic look ; and of courso they : mako mo manager. I do a good publio work; . and I bonofit myeolf.' .-.??.?:.? '?Do you think yon would succeed as tho manager of a dairy ?' said Quoon T., gontly. 'Aa woll, probably,' sakl ho, laughing, 'aa the maungor of Mrs. von Eoaon's mines and farms ! But having got up tho company, you would not ask mo to look after tbo cowo.' 'Ob, Hugh,' Baid Lady Sylvia, anxiously, ' I hopo you will never havo nnytbiug to do with any company. It ia that whioh haa got poor papa into nuoh trouble I wish bo could loavo all theso things for a timo, and como out horo for a holiday: ib would do him a groat deal of good.' This dial wiuh did: nob sooin to awakon any cagor rcspouao, though Mnj. vou lloaou murmured uoraotbing about tho pteoauro it would givo hor to boo Lord Willowby, Wo had not much, hono of bis lorthhip consulting to livo at a ranch. And now wo -Uw near tbo Rookim. Pirat ol all, riaiug from tho plaino, wo onoountorod somo ridgoa of brown, soured, oartby;lookiug hilla, for tho moat part baro, though hero ami thoro tho oroat waa crowntid by a ridgo of pino. At tho mouth of ono of tho valloyti wo etimo upon Uuldon City, a scattered bnrukt of miuill uoukoh, with BOino trcos aniloomo thin linen of a ruouingntroam about it. Thon, goltiug fiutlior into tho inoiin tains, wo entorod tho narrow and dcoi- ftorgo ol' thoCloui Orcuk canyon, a natunilly formed high way that ranu mid w'nulu uiuuounly for about thirty mites botwoon tho huijo walla of rook on either uiilo. It waa not a bouuttful valley, thia doop olutt amoug tho mountain)) ; but a gloomy and deuolato plauo, with liglituinn-bltmtcd pima aiuom; tbo groya and rods of tho fusod. liro-roclts ; anopaquogroy-Graou tiVurruithiugdowu tho oboaoj; Hm trocfl ovorhoad, ajiparontly o\ tho amauii^ of tho twin prodpleos; blaok agaiuiib tho gUmmur of kbe bluo aky. Horo. Anil thoro, howovor, woro Yivid gleams of color ; a blaio of the yellow leaves of tho cottouwood, or a mtaa of otimsoa ereopw growing ovor a grey rook. Wo began to woudor- too, whother this ?mall river qould xoojly huvo out this doop and narrow ohtuimlu tho glaut tuomi« taius ; but there, nuro enough, farnbovo us on tho atoep alupofl, woro tho iloep holoaJa tho inter* twUtod quart* out of which tho water iu bygouo agon must hftro slowly wovkod tlio bouKloro of .somo ftllon mnioriali Thero woio other htlco, too, vialbloott tho lidos of this gloomy gorgo, wltli soruo browu ewth la front of tliow, a* it nouio aiilmal had boott trying toBorawofor iUelf ft deu thoro i thoao woro tho 'projuwol hoW tbat mluora had boroil to »py into tho n«ctoU» oi tho ovotlMting hill8, Down bolew uo, ogaJrii vaa tho muddy stream, rashing botweon . ita bods of gravel j, and, corlainl/tbia Joilway-cairiaRO,. on ita narrow gauge, ««omedtd.tilt dapgej^iasly otot . towaida tho aheer dcBCont. and tho plunging waters. Tho train, indeed, aa it wound roand tho »ocko,( Boomed to bo fiomo 'huge- Pjtbon hunted into ita- gloomy lair in tho monDtaina. ,-.; . Wo werq glad to gotjout of ib, and into the clear BUDBhino, at tho tonniniiB, Ployd Hill; and hero we found a couple of etagOf coachea, each' with four horses, awaiting to- carry us still farther .np into' tho Bodkiea. Thoy were strange-looking vehicles, apparently mostly built of leather, ; and balanced on leather springs of enormoas tbickneES. But they soon disappeared from sight; . Wo wero lost in Buca clouds of dust as ; wore never yofc behold by mortal man.; Those who had gono insido to cscapo found that the half-dozen: windows would not keep shut ;, and that, as thoy. were Hung hither and thither by the plunging of tho coach up tbo steep mcantain-paths, they losb eight of each other in tho .denao yollqw clouds.' And Ibcn sometimes a goat-of wind would cleavo an opening in the. clouds ; and behold t a flashing: picture of pino-clad mountains, with a dark blao sky above. That jolting journey seemed to last for ever and ovor ; and tbo end of it found ua changed into new. creatures. '- Bat tho eoat of dnst- that covered ua from head to heel had not sufficed* to blind us ; and now before our eyes wo found tbo end and aim of oar journey— tha fas hamlet: of Idaho. ' ,x ?.'??:. -..?;[ ' Bell looked round bewildered j. she had droaded this approach to hor future home. And Qacen T., anxious above ! all 'things- thafc /her friends' first impressions should ba farorablo, oriedout — ? ? . ? ::- ?:?:-?-'. U ;??:;: S- Sv ;-. .?;:? ' Oh, Bell, how beautiful, and clean, and:, bright it is I' ??:?:? -'/-^ ?'???' -:- ?-'' ???-?. -: .'' ?' ' ' : And certainly our £istsglanca at: Idaho,: aftor, tho heat and dust wo' bad como tbrongb, was ehoering enough. We thought for an instant- of Chamonnix as wo saw tho small white hoaaes by' tho side of tho green, rushing. stream ; and the.: great mountains rising shoor beyond. There was a cool and pleasant wind rustling tbrongb. tha' leaves of tbo young cottonwood trees plantod in front of tho inn. And when we turned to th©.' mountains on tho other sido of the narrow valley, wo found oven the lofty pinewoods glowing with color ; for the mid-day sun wob pouring down on tho undergrowth — now o£ a goldon yellow — so that ono could almost believe tbat theso far slopes wero covered with buttercups. Tho coachc3 had stopped at tho inn — tho Beaboo House, aa it ia called— and Colonol Sloaue's heires3 wa3 received with much distinction. Thoy showed her Colonel Sloano's house. It stood on a knoll somo distance off ; but wo could see that ib v/aa. a cheerful-looking placo, with a green painted vorandahround tho whita walls, and a few pinca and cottonweoda about. In tho mean time wo had taken rooms at tho inn ; and epocdily set to work to get somo of tho duHb-e- moved. It was a useful occupation ; for no doubt tho worry 01 it tended to allay that nervous oxciioment among our women-folk from which Bell, more especially, was obviously suffering; When we all assembled thereafter at our mid-day meal, sho was still somewhat pale. Tho lieu tenant declared that, after so mnch travelling, she must now take a long rest. He would- not allow her to go on to Georgetown for a week sfi least. , ???'??- t. ''V- '?? '??''? ?? '?' ' And was thoro ever in all tho world & placo more conducive to rest than thia distant, silent, sleepy Idaho up horo in tho lonely monntains? When tho coaches had whirled away in the dost towards Georgetown, thoro was nothing to broak tho absoluto calm but the soft rustling- of the small treco ,* thero was not a: ehrcd of blond in tho bluo aky to bar the ghvro of the whito road with a bit of grateful shadow. After having had a look at Bell's house, wo crossed to tho other sido of tho valloy, and entered a sort of tributary ' jjorgo botweon the hilla wliich ia known aa the ? Soda Crook canyon. Hero all vestiges of civilisa* tion seemed to end, but for tho road tbat led we know not whither ; and in tho strange silence wo wandored onward into thia now world whose plants, and inseots, and animala wore all un familiar to ua, or familiar only as they suggested Eomo similarity to their Euglish relatives. And yot Queen T. strovo to assnro Boll that thero was nothing wonderful about tho plnco except ita ox trcmo Hilenco and a certain Bad desolation of beauty. Waa not fhia our identical Michaclmaa daiay, aho askod ? Sho waa ovorjovod when abo diacovorod a real and voritablo haro- boll— a trillo darker in color than our hare-boll, but a haro boll nil tbo o:\nio. Sho mndo a dnrt at a cluster of yellow flowers- growing up araoug tho rocks, thinking they woro tho mountain-saxifrage; but thoy turnoil out to ho a oompouto plant— pro- bably EOtuo sort of hawknecri. Hor offorta to reuoh those llowora had atartloil a largo bird out of tho bunhea abovo ; and as it daxtdd off, wo could soo that it was of a dark and lumiuous bluo : Bho had to ooufosa that bo was a atraugor. Hut auroly wo could not havo tho heart to regard tho merry litttlo chipmuuk aa (\ atrangcr — which of all living cro.-Uuro;) ia tho (tioutllioat, tho MitlioMt, tho moat comical. lu-thia Soda Orook CiUiyon ho roigna suprtuno ; every rook and atouo and hm\\\ soomu iimtinct with lifo tu thb Pi-otoua ot' tho aninul world Bauds iwray liko a mouse, 0* tiltooL'i up tho hlll-sulo like a llnrd, only, when ho hn« got a tthorb distauco, to poroh hirosott up ou hia huul-lcu', aud ouvl up hLa bushy tail, and cvo ua domnruly fta ho affects ta play with a bit of mrtyweod. Thon wo bco what jkhft, small Bquirrol-Uko animal roally ia— a coaMtiful littlo sreaturo with louglitudiual bara of golden brown find blaok along hia book ; tho emo b*r» on hia hoaJ, by tbo aido ot hia bright, watchful oyotj.' tlio toil ol a robb'n breast ou hia ahouktam j h» furry tail, jauntily oookod up bthlm), of A palo brown, Wo woro never tired ot ' wutohing tho triek* and attitudoi of thia fcrimidly UUlo ohttpt Wo know quita well ihaV hia B«W«ttd»rt from tlvnlw of suruo atono wm onl? tho proteaeo ol fright; boforo ho h»d «eutt ft yaut ho wouM sU »!- on hia hauuauw, Mid }-wk at jou, aad atroko bin uoto with ono ot hU toro*pawa, ' BamoUmM ho would not ovon WU ftwaj a jarU i bat ail quietly outl watohtully ta too ua pass. Wo auWaad tjtlat thoio \roro fow fitouc«taVowintf boot about the llocky Mo ttiitaiim,. - - lkhoW I tho tftlloy at 1^ ehawa . ono htkt nymptom o( human lUo 1 & \»a,itKoa Orfttsru by k toam ol oxon coiucedown tho steon w.vl, and Ihb dthov thowot ia worth lochina at ulrwui ki« ?lTO%8oiabre»-,;Bha4e8 AavhaiJdaoma'an'j! «on« lanned^facor Ho in f an «maaentiU parjon-,,thi« boll- whacker;. with, tio-.eoKl taaBeJe ot hit back* skin- jackoynat appeanBg bam ibolow tho' great Spanieh. cloak of blno cloth that w. eaieZedsly thrown roond, hia shonlders. Loot ab hia wh^p- too— iho heavy ;thon^ p£ it intertwisted like Bfflrpenta ;. he baa no need of bowie- knife or pistol in these wilda while he carrioa aitont with him. tbat formidablo weapon. The ozon pus en down the yal'ley: ;, tho- dost., anbsidfti; again we are left with the silence, and. the. warm sunlight, and the aromatic odors of tho mayweed, and tho cunning antica ol our ubiq,ui4oaa friaad the cnip* manic, r..,- ? ,;. ........ - ... ..,', '?'. .',..-? ?Iff Thera,!'saiaUielicnteTunt,,lookiBij flp to tho vast hill-slopes above, wbora the scattered pines, stood black among the blaze of yellow under* growth, 'that ia .the beginning of our hunting oonntry. All tho secrets are behind- that fringe} of wood.,. ; You must .sot imagine, Lady Sylvia, that our lifo at Idaho ia to be only thia dolhicss of walking-'-:'' ,?.;.-,?. -V .'??-..-? ;''I can asanre you I do not feel it dull at all,' she said, ' but I am sorry that our party ia to bo broken up— just when ib has been completed. Oh, I wish iyoa; could stay -with oaT aha adds, addresaing another member of tha party, whcee hand's are foil of wild-flowers, ','My :dear Lady Sylvia,? says this pei30», with her sweetest smile, ' what, would yoa all do if youbad'notua to take back your messages to England 1 Mo axe to teach Bell'a litth- girl' to say Idaho. And when Cbrktmas cornea, we anall think of you at a particular hour — oh, by the Way, we! havo never yet fixed the exact difference of tima between Surrey and ldahor — -' 'Wo will do that before yoaJsave, Madame,' says the lieutenant, 'but I am- suro wa will think of you a good many times before Ghriatmas comes. And- when Mr. Balfoar and I we have our: beais, and bnffaloeg,. and elephants, and all these things, we will see whether we cannot get something sent yon in ice for your Christmas party. 'And you will drink our good' healthy Madame, will you not? And perhaps if you aro very kind, you might send ua one -bottle of very good Rhine winey and we- will drink your health, too. Nee! I meant two bottles, for tha four of ' I think we shall bo ablo to manage tbat,' eaya sho ; and visions of real Sohlosa Johannisberg-, each bottlo swathed in printed and signed guarantees of genuineness, no doubt begiin to- danco before her nimble brain. But at this moment s, cold brceza came rushing down the narrow gorgo j and almost at the same instant wo saw the odgeof a heavy cloud como lowering over tho very highc3t peak' of tho monntains. Somo littlo familiarity with the pranks of tho weather in the Westorn Highlands suggested that, having no waterproofs', and no shelter being near, we had hatter make down the valley again in tho direction of Idaho ; and this we sot about doing. The hot afternoon bad grown suddenly chill. A cold wind whiatled through the trembling leaves of tho cottonwoods. Tho mountains were overshadowed ; and by the time we reached Idaho again, it seemed as if tha night had already oome down. The women, in their thin dresses, were glad to get indoors. ? 'Bat it is this very thing,',' the lieutenant died— for ho was anxious that his wife should regard her now homo favorably— ' that makes these places in tho Eocky Mountains so whole somo ; se healthful, I moan. I h&ve; hoard of it from many people, who say here is the best sleeping-place in the world. It is no matter how warm it is in the day ; it is always cold at night ; you always must have a blanket here. The heat —that is nothing, if yon have tha refreshing cold of tho night ' peoplo who cannot sleep anywhera else, thoy can sleep hero very well* Every ono says that.' 'Yea; and I will toll you this,' ho added turning to Balfour, 'yon ought to hsro stayed somo days moro in Denvor, as all 'people do, to got accustomed to the thin air, before, coming up here. All tho doctors say that.' 'Thank you,' said Balfour, laughing, 'my lungs aro pretty toogb.- t don't suffer any in* convenience.' ' That is very woll, then ; for they »y the air of theso places will kill a consumptive person 'Oh, Oswald 1' his wifo cried. 'Don't* frighten ua all.' 'Frighten youF* said he/ ''Will jon ahow mo tho ono who U likely to bo conauaptiro ?- Thoro ia not any ouo ot us does look liko it. But if wo ail turn to bo consumptive, cannot wo go down to tho. pl&ms;? and me wilt givo up tho mountain-sheep for tho antelopo ? 'I do belieTO,' jiud h,ia wifo, whh somo vex&» tion, 'that you had not a -hoo$ht in cumins out hero except abqut shooliug ', 'Aud I do believe,' Uo said, ,' thai you hatl no thought except about your chiUrvo. Ob, joa ungrateful woman. Yoa' wo\r mourning— yes; but when do yon really mourn tor' your poor unelo T When do yon sneak of him } You haro not boon to his grvro yet,' 'You know Tory vroll it,vraa jfonntelt wJio insisted on our coming hero fi«t,'* said she, with A blushing face ; bntit was noV a deadly quKrn&' Tho chillnesaof tha night did not proveat oar goiuR out for a walk later ou, when all who world, seemed asleep. And now tho clouds h*l pasted away from tho heavens; an«t tho clear at&rs; wor» shiuing down ovot the mj-aUo darkness of , tho mountains* ' Iu tho »iknoo around us wo only hoarvl tho plashing ol tho sliwkm. It vrai our laat uight togothor* CuArrsft LT.— Ac» WiEttiatttsiw \ In tho o&rly; moming—tho movuing'of farewell —wo ttooxl at tho auiivll window— wo two who were leaving— and irio^ t» fis in our mornorioa aomo pictures of tho mtrwuudiags of bell's home ; tor we knew that inany a timo in tho a(l«r days wo ahontd think of hot an-l endeAror to forvtt notno notion of what she was engaged in at tho moment, and ot ihe.soeno around her. And «au w\\- rcmomlwr it now ? ? Tho sunlight seems to tall rcttlcally from that bUiing sky j and there b a palo uibt of ho&tfar; npiu tho mountain*', so that tho Oark pin* woods appear to havo a faint bluo {03 hanging around thom., Oa tho b&Mt;/ slopes, whoro the rock* project \n ehouUen, thoro is amero btilluvat light ; tot thero lhis'nndir- grow tho! cottonwood buauea, m its antumngoW, butiiw «loaa- auvl ihaiPi cvon at thtsdistanco* And fteo tfaeoye eeaiss Aon to tbg «titfl^a3!d-| flndthfrt/attered white Hengea '; *ai tfe eteQX MdxmsSliDg '.Kta. y?9 ««b u- bsar'thd'rtnS H U» ebeara. ? .. ' ' : - . *£&-*& And wfeafcwsatHt Kills bit' ot p»iwr &nA; fnttiirely, almost at tha Iwt utowat, foto t\» Beli'8t«mblio2hand? Wo did jwt kaiT^ha^ wo had -been entertaining » pottos* vi&nfa;&fi; smmg-vs; or had aba copied tfaareraegoa* dL^ bebk, just as one takes a- flower from. %. g^tea andgiveaifc aa a token of remembrance— eastfe* thing taugible to recall iisiani faces aad bjssjja fikndff? .-.???' - ? ,-fif; O Idaho J JfcrKaho! A Ust farewell before vre go—— ? £ —that was all that tha companion cf this ae» honored Sappho managed to mako oat M iha papex 77oa snatched frea her haad. Ho doabt it invoked blcsainga on tbo friends, to -whom va were biddiag good-bje. Ho doabfc it Bpok&of; tfe| mother'a thinking of her children faraway, VnJL thero cerfalaljr waa no dcabt that iba rexoah whether they wero good verses c* bad Terse^' served' sbeir turn; and are treasured ap at1 this.' moment as though their like bad never been sees* On .that warm, clear, beantifnl morning, whet '? the heavy ccach eame rolliag np to the door ci U&-. inn, Balfoar and Lady Sylvia did nai at ail ieS[' broken down by emotion: on tho contrary they: boU» appeared to be in high spirits. Bat oaf. poor Bell was a wretched spectaale, ahoat whiefc nothing moro sbaD bo saxi hers. He* las* ?worda .wero about -hex children ; bat tfee$ were almost inandible through tha viaieacQ oJt- hersobbiug. And wo kne w welt, a3 re caa^ht Vhfy. last glimpse of that waved haztdkershkl, tbw^ thb tokea of farewell was not far as : it- was h^* a menage we were to carry back with us toa0 the scaa, to a certain home in Sarrey. '*' *, ^ ' Sier hot die 21-af en Rndt; aatl yet tb& present writer, if he is not orer- taxing Us», patience of the reader, woold like to say a wozdv about the fashion in whkh two peopb, firing: pretty much by themselves down in the solitade^ of Sarrey, used to. try toe3Ubliah some K»k o& interest and association with their frieada faj away. in Colorado ; and how, at these time*? pictures of bygoae scenes would rise before theafe minds, soft, aad clear, and beaatifol, far t&^ troubles and trials of traveJUog were now all fog** gotten, aud the plejaanf passages door jnxxmey*j ing could be separated aad slrnng Kfc« lamh»g| heads on tho thread of memory. . {', Or shall we not rather take, as a last breach «f- confidence, this sight of all tha nights ia Hba yeax — thia Christmas eve — which we mare partie* ?ulaily devoJo to cna dear aad absent fziemds ? 1$ .' is now drawing- away from us. Wo havo beak) over to Bell's almcstdeserted hoose ; and there* as . tho children were beiag put to bed, we heard: something about JQahow It was as sear, as th&j; littb girl could get to it ; it will sofBca far J»y message. . * ; s And now,late as it is, and our own hooss being -1 - wrapped in silence after all the festivities of tb?3 eveuing^ ? well, to tell iho troth, thera' was « wild tuikej, and -there were some canTasabadc ' dock 'y. aad wd were net bound to tell tv$ eagerly inqoiailive bojs that these conld net wvS '? come from America— a madness seems to cobso over our geatlo Qaeen TiUaia, and she will g^M ost into tho 'darkness, though the night iar cald^' and there is saow en tia gron&i.; Wa g»* foxth into the silent wcild. The thin snew is crisp and dry tmdeifooi, The stars are sMbsb* - orar oar heads. There is eo triad to stir ihjk ' black shadows ot the tree?. \ * - And now, as the tima draws near when we srf - to send that unspoken message to tho K^a^t^ - ones across the seas, sorely they aro -saitioff lik& ' onrselvea 1 And iho. dark night, eren op here 01J ' Miekkham Downs, where wo go by the dasty y«v-trc«3 like ghosts, becomes s^re with Ught' and color, and moving shapes j for wa are tHokj bg onco more of tha maay seeaes that eaacec) ns by aa inviaihlo chain with our friends cf tbt» past. How long ago waa it tbat we sat in the long saloon ; nnd the fog-tiora ns boomisg cab? sida : and we heard Lady Sylvia's tender voio- Bingins with too oihcxa, 'Ahklo with me ; fas\ f*lls the erentide,** as the good ship plunged onwards and throujh tha waat« of w&tent; Bat the ship goes too alow for as. We saa eatsbri^ - its speed. We are already halt- way otst to Bdl'f relrnat j and haw ve shall rest : for am we sot ' high over the Hudson, in the aeishborhood ot the haunted moankuaa ?— *nd wo have bat to give another call to reach the iar plxlns -i-, GalexaeTa I -^ «*s ^ **i!y. ? ? ? * *...'. Ho,Yancleri!ecken— Heinrich Hadsaa-^-twyeu!.' Uke oar message ttemns and ipass itoa ? Iftis is/' '' a night, of all the nighta iatha loiag ywr, tbsi'^ you aro snw to bo^abfoaJ, yoa and. yottr»-£»v Eaced m», up there in, the losely xilleys» onJ«f, j the fight ot tho stars. Can yoa go still highe*^ nnd send « tiow-halloo aerosa to the Rocky* Mountains? Cin yea say to oar fmads t&ak; W^ aro Intoning f O»n you tell them that somcthus^; has just been said— they will know; by waoror-^* about & certain dear ' nuttier xi IUbo f -3tve ' k ^ cill, that, across the wa«t« AtUalw, that wem-^, * hear V Or iatt the ckmor o{ tho kMydiclVthaSr^ drowns the ghosvly roioet We -annat hear aji^ all, Fdrb&ps; the old men are cowering in their tavo, became of th« 8Acrsd time; and there 1^ no mirth in thohxUsto-ttiftht ; and no hage cuft^ of schnapps to be tapped, that Use he*Tj be*r3fr' . ' iaay wag, VaadcrAlccken— -Hendriak Hudson-^.' ~ yon aio of^na use to u« : wo pass oa : w« l«w* '? the dark tttcunt&ius; bohind us, tinder Iho sfleni' S**rttoH*i4s'R»«ftHi!e-h«T«ntiiray«r, ' \ ]''*?- fet«i\t twcoal kcMMW aod favoring air ! ' -?-??- OloWtbnMSMs^tow, Ui« £lrewa ru»s t%\t : . r t lt«rii^-J»43r«'neir «nd the -t«j-»hlit-» past.. ., liook «t ti»6 clear gold r&y; of tho lighthonseeC * and the p^k green of the sonsot skios ; aud th6, { iwk ialands and trees catching the la*t tta\ &ush.; Aud is not this Bell'a voice singing^to o^., with su%h a sweetness as the Lake oi a Thousand .., Islands jiever beard before—— Soon a* the wood* on shore look Jim, . , . 1 Woll sine ftt St. ATtrn'a cmr p»HiDg hymi-. ' ' , The rod flame in tho vest barns into our eyes ^ '\ wo canisoo no more, ? ? *- J *' ' * - * '*' : ?' ? . -iM ?? Wo are stftilled by tine -wiU iroAricg in,«l?r «*r» ' - ~'Jj 4»U Iho wild wore fikUina'iAnd wo aio, i^', - ;s my»U-»l -Mrtarn j *nd tUo whirlwg «wy ««a^ .; ,, acta thvoAtcn to tow us from the narrow foothold*' y Oat «voa axe Winded ; our thro&la; are choked $ Mr fingers still clutch. \t the dripping rocks ; fend then all ftfc once we see your Bbining and mwiUng faca—yog giaat black demon— you mag aiftcent8ambo— yoa.haga child oE tiio nether irerid of waters ! We kent go no forfer den dawt ? Is that what you say ? We shout to you through this infernal dia that we can— we can— traoanj We elude yonx dusky fingers. We send ?)TOtt & mocking farewell. Let the vatera come trashing down r f or wa h»TO dived— and drifted' -— and ooni9 up into the white sunlight ?again! ? ? ♦ ? ? And now there is no sound at all. We can no* even boar BeS'3 voice: for she u standiag -silent in front of the Chiefs grave ; and she ia Wadering whether his ghost h still lingering ? tare, looking for the ships of the white man . going up and down the great rivers. For our ? part, wa can see none at alL The broad valley ?ia deserted ; the Missouri shows no sign of life ; ?? ob the wide plains around* us we find only the reed-bird and the grasshopper. Farewell, White . Oow ; if your last wish is not gratified, at least tito silence of the prairie is reserved (o you ; and bo alien plough crosses the solitude of your grave. Toa are an amiable ghost, we think ; we wocld ? shake hands with you, and give you a friendly 'How f But the sunlight is in 'our eyes, and we . eaiaet see you, just as yon cannot make out the ? ?hips on that long line of river. May you have {tfTCdasting tobacco in the world of dreams ! You infamous Hendrick Hudson, will not you ?earry our message now— for our voices cannot ?teach across the desert plains? Awaken, you cowled heads, and come forth into the starlight ; -fbr the Christmas bells hare not rung yet ; and 'there is time for a solemn passing of the glass ! ' lIEgh up tn your awfol solitudes, you can surely i bear as; and we will tell you what you must ?Call across the plain, for tbey are all -silent -ftow, as silent as the white skulls lying in the -sasid. Vanderdecken, for the sake of Heaven— ^Ef that has power to 'eon jure' you— call to our ' listening frieads ; and we will pledge you in a EJbss to-night, and you and your ghastly crew VjQ nod j»ur heads in ominous Ianghter ? .£$:-? ? *'. ?? ?? ?????? * - ?? * l **Sat what is this that wa hear, suddenly shak lag the pulsea of the night with its tender wind ? 0 friends far away ! — do* you know that oar Rnglfah bells are beginning to ring in the Christmas-time ? If you cannot hear our f«int roiea across the wild Atlantic and the slant plains, surely you can hear the sounds you kasw 10 well in the bygone days ! Over f&a; crisp snow,' and by the side of the black treea and hedges, we hurry homewards. We oft in a solitary *oosn ; and still we bear' oat- gadatha faint tolling of the bells. The hour BeaiB ; and it ia no dire spirit that we expect ; bofc the gentle soul of a mother coming with a massage to her sleeping children, and stopping fix a moment in passing to ? look on her friends ofoUL P Aad- she will take our message back, we kaow ; and tell that other young wife out there thai we ace glad to hear that her heart is at peace At I&tfc.; But what will the invisible messenger take back for herself ?? A look at her children : jrhp knows? . ; . ' i A- second to twelve. Shall we give a wild (Cream, then, as the ghost enters ; for the silence is awful? Ah, no. Whether you are here or Toakf our good Bell, our hearts go forth towards , jsa ', and we . welcome yoa ; and we are giad £h*£, even in this silent fashion, we can bring in. the Cbriatmaa time together. Bat is the gsntis spirit here ; or has it passed ? A stone's 8nrowfrom our house is another house ; and in it there ia a room dimly lit j and in the room are two sleeping children. . If the beautiful mother bai been here- with us amid the faint tolling of these Christmas bells, you may -be sure she only muled upon us in passing, and that she is cow ia tfeat silent room. THE USD. 