Gympie. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 21. EVERY day throughout the week the old One mile (Ph[?]nix) has been visited by an inquisitive public. When a person is unfortunate he is generally left to vegetate unheeded. No one visits him—unless to dun him. The public are not in the habit of making fond and anxious en quiries concerning him, or his ; but if by some fortunate accident, some lucky chance, or by a long persevering struggle, he is at last victorious, then he is courted, flattered, and petted by the discriminating public. The aame with chums. For years a claim may be unprofitably worked. None but the shareholders visit it; they of course are in duty bound to pay "calls" upon it Everybody shuns it, newspaper correspondent* andreporters included. But if the least sign or Bhow of a payable reef being struck is reported, then many anxious enquiries are tendered, and many little atten* tions are paid to it. When the reef has been proved payable, or if some good specimens are extracted, the claim is politely taken from aoh tude and gently placed in "society." At the present moment the Phoenix is bon ton. . . . When the black slate was out below the green stone, at the 278 feet level, a drive was put in at that level to cut the reef. The drive was ex tended 18 feet and the reef was struck. The shareholders were so satisfied with the prospects obtained that they determined to continue the sinking, so as to test the thick ness of the slate, and thereby ascertain the extent of the block «f payable country. The drive was therefore abandoned for the time, and the sinking was continued. Considerable speculation was indulged in as to the probable thickness of the slate. Bome averred that the slate was only a thin stratum that had by some "freak of nature" go* wedg*l w between the greenstone, consequently it would soon run out and give place to the hard, hungry greenstone again. Ten feet were sunk without any sign of change. People began to think that a valuable discovery had really been made. Twenty feet, and still slate. The greenstone began to be de nouncedasa fraud. Thirty feet were accomplished, and the permanency of the goldfield was estab lished. Thosewhobeforewere undecided, began to build. The shareholders commenced building also —castles in the air. At last, after a depth of 67 feet had been sunk, the water became so trouble some that they decided to put in a drive at the bottom level to intercept the reef. A distance of about 30 feet has already been driven. They anticipate cutting the reef in about 20 or 80 feet more. Last week they determined to sink a winze or pass from the upper drive, in which the reef was cut, down to the bottom drive, and so connect the two levels for blocking out the stone. That is the cause of all the excitement during the week, for at each successive break ing down splendid specimens were obtained and sent to the surface. I have certainly seen far richer specimens, and gold of a coarser quality, obtained from other claims here. Still the above are very rich, for although the gold is not at all nuggetty, yefc it is thickly distributed throughout the stone : blocks of quartz—half hundredweight blocks—with yellow streaks and patches of the precious metal imbedded in pic turesque profusion; specimens that would adorn an exhibition, and were 1 the fortunate owner of such, under existing circumstances, I believe I should exhibit the " proceeds" in some bank. Adjoining the Phoenix to tho south, is the South One-wile Compauy's claim. The com pauy consists of forty shares, thirty of which were taken up, butin consequenceof the improved pros pects in the Phconix, the teu that were unallotted were withdrawn. The company will either dispose of them by public auction, or divide themamongßt themselves. They have a good whim erected on the claim, and the shaft is sunk about 100 feet At present they are Binking through a coarse conglomerate, a mass of round water-worn pebbles and boulders cemented together. Looks as if they were sinking through the bed of some antidiluvian river, which through the course of time had become welded together. They may meet with a bed of slate beneath. If bo, they have two or three reefs to operate upon which, according to the general rule, should be auriferous. If not, and the conglomerate overlaps the greenstone, they will have to continue sinking until the bed of slate that waß cut in the Phoenix is met with. Adjoining the Phoenix to the north is Jensen's lease. At the 84 feet level they started driving to the eaßt in the tuate, to cut the reef. The drive, I am informed, is in 25 feet, and no signs of the reef. It is just possible that it is within a few feet of them—to the west. The suggestion is worthy of a triaL Only two men are employed, and nothing better than the antiquated windlass is used for raising the rock and water! Therefore the progress is slow very. Why doesn't the proprietor let the mine on tribute ? Plenty of miners on the field would be glad to take it, and from the situation of the claim, and the favorable country for prospecting, he could let it upon very favor able terms to himself. The tributera would po doubt form a co-operative company; a whim would be erected, and the ground systematically and thoroughly prospected. If anything pay able was discovered it would be got out quick, and the tributera, proprietor, and the district would be benefited. Crossing the road from Jensen's, passing the New Zealand junction and Golden Crown claims, we come to the South New Zealand Company. The reef, while travelling through the slates in this claim, was met by many interruptions, obstructions, and obstacles before finally settling down comfortably in its bed. So far it has proved very provoking and difficult to follow. For a short distance it will be well defined and tolerably rich, and just as the shareholders imagine and are congratulating each other upon a happy issue out of all their afflictions, the reef, without giving the least warning, will jump away, splitting up into numerous thin streaks and leaden in the effort. Then weekß, and sometimes months, of unprofitable prospect ing has to be accomplished before it is met with again. About twelve monthß since they had a payable crushing, then there was joy in the claim, and the store keepers were glad. The reef broke away and could not be discovered, and the storekeepers weie sad. The shareholders persevered for ir-jths, and on Thursday last a well defined def was discovered carrying coarse gold. Should it continue her course any distance, and there is every likelihood of its doing so, a good crushing will Boon be got out. No. 3 North Smithfield is another unprofitable speculation. The claim has been worked for years without the slightest re turn for all the money expended upon it Not the ghost of a color has ever been found in the claim. £6000 at the very least has been expended upon it. They are driving at the 200 feet level on a good looking reef, but no gold. A good crushing was taken out by the tributem in No. 2 about five years ago. The reef abutted against a big cross course, and the golden stone vanished. If No. 3 men were to drive at the same level, upon the other side of the cross course—as near to it as possible—they might pick up the continuation of the golden stone. The Perseverance Company are going in for an engine, and when erected, they intend to sink for the second bed of slate. A lady share holder, from Maryborough, fired a shot in the reef of the Aurelia, aad brought down about 160 ounces of gold. They start crushing from this claim on Monday next Several good good specimens have been obtained from the Glenmire prospectors claim lately. They have started to sink for the second bed of slate in No. 8 South Lady Mary; present depth 180 feet They have a cross drive into the New Caledonia, and very fair stone has been broken down. The Ingenoll rock drill is about to have another trial. The Smithfield Extended have pur chased it They are to have a month's trial with it If it suits, they are to give £660 for it. Mr. Elverston, the manager of the mine, is sanguine of success with it. * 