LITERATURE. MR. FROUDE'S ESSAYS.* This volume contains another collection of the scholarly, thoughtful, vigorously-written essays which have from time to time found their way from the pen of Mr. Fronde into magazine or review literature. Although not numerous, these papers range over a great variety of subjects, religious, literary, his torical, and political; and some of the more striking i>oint8 in them we wish to bring nnder the notice of our readers. Perhaps the most important of these essays is that which discusses the "Revival of Romanism," which forms a cause in Borne quarters of alarm, in others of congratula tion and hopefulness, but in all is viewed as one of the most significant movements of the time. Among the large class of the sceptical and the lar.er class of the indif ferent this is, perhaps, one of the most puzzling of all the maze of cnrrrents and eddies which make np what is called the ten dency of the age. Seeing the activity shown by the Roman Catholic Chnrch on ^ many sides, its aggressive boldness, the revival of its most audacious claims, modern scepticism is inclined to address it in the words used by the Procto-phantasmiat to the ghosts in the witchee' dance on the Brocken in "Faust"— " Vanish ! Unheard of impudence ! What, still there.! in ihiB enlightened age, too, Since you have been Pfored not to exiflt!" It is nearly 40 years ago since M&caulay;, in his essay on Hawke'a History of the Popes, pointed ont the error of the expectation that the increasing enlightenment of the world "must be favourable to Protestantism and unfavourable to Catholicism." He showed that although in science, natural philosophy, and the practical and social arts of life great progress had been made in the list 250 yean, " Protestantism has made no conquests worth speaking of. Nay," he went on to write, " we believe that, as far as there has been a change, that change has, on the whole, been in favour ot the Church of Rome. We cannot, therefore, feel confident that tbe progress of knowledge will necessarily be fatal to a system which to say the least, stood its gronnd, in spite of the immense progress made by the human race in knowledge since the days of Queen Elizabeth." The position thus stated has grown in strength since these words were written. Viewing the same subject at the present day, Mr. Fronde observes" The proverb which says that nothing is certain hut the unforeseen was never better verified than |n the resurrection, as it were, out of the grave during the last 40 years of the Roman Catholic religion. In my own boy. hood it hung about some few ancient English famiUes like a ghost ot the past They pre- j served their creed as an heirloom which | tradition rather than conviction made sacred J to them. A convert from Protestantism to 'Popery would have been as great a monster as a convert to Buddhism or Odin worship. .While this is so, the change that has come ' . about is not, in the opinion of Mr. Fronde, "due to freshly discovered evidence of the troth of what had been abandoned as super station. . . . The doctrines of the Catholic Church have gained only increased improba bility from the advance of knowledge." He proceeds " The tidA of knowledge and the tide of outward events have set with equal force in the direction opposite to Romanism; yet in spite of it, perhaps by means of it, as a kite rises against the wind, the Roman Chnrch has once more shot np into visible and practical consequence. While she loses ground iQ Spain and Italy, which had been so longer, closively her own, she is gaining in the northern energetic races, which had been the stronghold of Protestantism. Her numbers increase, her organisation gathers vigour. Her clergy are energetic, bold, and aggressive. Sees, long prostrate, are re established; cathedrals rise, and churches, with schools, and colleges, and convents, and monasteries. "What is the meaning of so Btrange a phenomenon ? Is the progress of which we hear so much less real than we thought? Does knowledge grow more shallow as the surface widens? Is it that science is creep ing like the snake npon the ground, eating dust and bringing forth materialism ? That tbe Catholic Church, in spite of her errors, keeps alive the consciousness of our spiritual •frying and the hoi>e and expectation of immortality? The Protestant churches are no less witnesses to the immortal nature of tbe soul end the awful future which lies before it than the Catholic Church. Why is Protestantism standing still while Rome is advancing ? Why does Rome count her converts from among the evangelicals by tens,' while she loses to them hut here and an exceptional and nnimportant unit?" The statement of the facta given in the foregoing would, with suitable modifica tion of tbe form of statement, be accepted as correct alike by Protestant and Catholic. The importance of the questions raised would be admitted by both sides, and also by \- tfrnaA who belong to neither side. But with regard to the answers put forward by Mr. Fronde to these questions, a similar agree ment of opinion is not to be expected. We can only briefly indicate them, leaving the reader who desires a fuller exposition to refer to the book. Mr. Fronde ascribes the causes of the change to the increasing uncertainty and timidity and tbe diminish ing oonfidence and clearness of Protestant divines tf compared with tbe unalterable fixed claim to infallibility preferred by Borne; to the increasing political strength «f Romanism in free countries owing to the •subordination by that chnrch of all other amatderations to those which concern her and interests; to the dying ont in FroteSlant countries ot the religious and moral impulse of the Reformation; to the ex aggers among Protestants of some points of dogma to tbe overshadowing of more' im nortantmatters, and often to theoffenoe of +£• oonnr—"— and reason; and to the great want of mental occupation end the conse. fc—leaner to dabble fa fancy emfro,. ments which distinguishes the present gene ration. We have nothing to do with the sufficiency or satisfactory character of theee answers. It is enough to ear that they are stated with great boldness of thought and force of expression, and in a way which stimulates thoaght on the part of ths reader to endeavour to arrive at a solation for him eel', instead of accepting that rather over bearingly thrust upon him by Mr. Fronde. But we may make the remark that the ques tion as stated by our author appears to be only one, and that a subordinate, aspect of the really great problem. This is, how is it that religion, which a couple of generations ago lay so aloof from the ordinary affairs of the world, has within late years come forward and asserted for itself, and successfully, a share in the influences which sway all the great events of the period? When we see how religion haB thus awakened as an active power and oome to the front, and how pro foundly it affects the controversies, the social movements, and even the political events of the time, we are led to consider that had Mr Fronde treated the "revival of Romanism'' as only a part of the revival of religion as a motive power in the world, he wonld have been enabled to deal with his subject with greater adequacy and completeness. We may quote as an example of the cri. tical thonght of the essay the following passage, in which what is doubtless a weak, ness of the day is relentlessly probed. It occurs in a chapter devoted to show the ioadeqn&cy; of popular education as a safe, guard against the progress of Catholicism "To anycne acquainted with really great works in oar own or any other language, it has long been obvious that modern books are adapted simply to modern taste, and that, probably, at no time has the amonnt ot intel lect or knowledge requisite for literary success been so small as at tbe present hoar. Year after year the material becomes thinner and weaker. English popular books are not vicious like the French — at least, not generally so; but, if possible, they are more utterly empty. They are constructed on the principles of homoeopathy, the smallest globule of wit being dilated with nnlimited water. Yet they are such as the age requires; the pnblic stomach is unequal to stronger diet Tbe masB of educated men are worked hard at business which exhausts their energy, while it makeB no demand on the higuer faculties of thought. Something is needed as a relaxation, something which will distract tbe attention, and can be read without effort; something, therefore, which will require no exertion, either of intellect or imagination." Under the title "Annals of an English Abbey," a brilliantly written historical sketch is given of the rise, life, decay, and extinction of the greatest and wealthiest of all the re ligious houses of Great Britain, the Abbey of St. Albans in Hertfordshire. Mr. Froude is induced to give this sketch because "among other strange phenomena of this waning cen tury we see once more rising among as, as if by enchantment, the religious orders of the middle ageB, Benedictines, Carmelites, Domi nicans ; houses cf monks and nuns, to which American and English ladieB and gentle men are once more gathering as of old, dying no longer from a world of violence or profligacy, but from a world of emptiness and spiritual death." He thinks that " the career of a distinguished abbey, from its beginning to its end, can hardly fail to resemble what other abbeys are likely to be, if we are again to have them among us. Planted in the same soil of human life, surrounded by the same temptations, and nourished by the same influences, the idea will natnrally develope in the same direction." He proceeds, therefore, to sketch the origin of the great abbey, established upwards of 1,000 years ago, in the days of the Saxon Heptarchy, to commemorate the death of the first English martyr. We are made to see the way in which fervid piety alternated with pride, and greed, and grasping ambition to build op the monastery; how, even from tbe first, it was infected by the vices which inevitably follow in the train of idleness; how it had to stoop before the wild outburst of popular indignation, made desperats by oppression, wbich surged upward nnder the leadership of Wat Tyler; how it had a share of complicity in the cruel and sanguinary slaughter with wbich the rulers avenged the terror they had been made to feel; how at last the 8hsmeleB8 vices wbich converted the abbey into a scene of riotous, brutal, nameless orgies, of luxurious indulgence and sensual gratification, were suddenly swept from its precincts by the fierce but effective besom of Mr. Fronde's favourite monarch, Henry VIII. He concludes " The nuns have stood for three centuries, instructive emblems of the fate of noble in stitutions which survive the spirit which gave them meaning and utility. They preach with a silent force more eloquent than the tongues of a hundred orators, that tbe most saintly pro fessions are not safe from the grossest corrup tion, and that the more ambitious thepreten. sions to piety, the more austere is the vengeance on the neglect of it. There is a talk now of restoring St. Albans. We are affecting penitence for the vandalism of oar Puritan forefathers, and are anxious to atone for it Cursed is he that xeboildeth Jericho. Never were any institutions brought to s more deserved judgment than the monastic orders of England; and a deeper irreverence than the Puritan lies in the spuriona de votionalism of an age which has lost its faitb, and with its faith has lost the power to recognise the visible workings of the in effable Being by whose breath we are allowed to exist" Tbe other papers oontained in this volame are "Sea Studies," comprising some critical comments on Greek tragedy, composed during a voyage on shipboard in the deli dons latitudes ot the trades; " Society iu Italy in the Last Days of the Roman Republic,]'an essay on Lucian, an interesting disquisition on "Divus Caesar," in which the question is discussed how a people trained through centuries of the sternest republicanism could suddenly adopt a system by which divinity and present deity were ascribed to their living rulers; a discourse " On tbe Uses if a Landed Gentry," an essay on "Party Politics," and some " Leaves from a South African Journal." All of the papers are keen, trenchant, and reflect the vigorous self-as sertion of their author, and that supreme reliance on his own conviotion whioh eeldom fails to call up an antagonistic feeling in the mind of the reader—a feeling whioh is, at any rate, to be preferred to the aomnawnt acquiescence which bo many books are found to evoke. ~ 