MISS TIRUEPENNY'S FORTIETH CHRISTMAS. ONLY a few years ago I saw her walking, stiff and erect, through the hall of her old, home. Her gown of lustreless silk ra on the old oaken boards, its 'ti ,i clanging like pasteboard, and,4 ?p heels of her shapely boots etu q with a measured precision. .'1 q, t ro.? pressiblo brightness and wat;,9~E?I~A hair were hidden by a severe b t r cornord lace that fell over her hglivil4white brow, andheightened thodoad, cold,pgeasi4iQ less contour of her face. Her hands.~wexc clasped loosely behind her; her eyes bo?qt,to thefloor. As h hewalkedthere, the figure was not an uninteresting one in a grim, ascotlo pointof view, but not readily connected with aught that concerned the tender passion. Yet many a brave soldier, and perhaps arrant rogue, carries a bit of lead with him to his grave. The bullet goes in and never comes out, but makes a comfortable bag 044 C ,bofl.or ItlW, anilP hý ln# . podbPpfBio home for many a year. It may be that in that time long ago the rosy god took aim for another target, or hit this one in sportive jest, for she was, when quite a young woman, red-haired, high-nosed, and superior. This last the worst of all. She had mastered everything at the village school, and it was the general belief that while she was away for a twelvemonth or two, Elizabeth had learned more than was wholesome for any one young woman to know; and when, upon her return, she actually took the place of her college-bred cousin Matthew Gorse, as book-keeper and cashier in her father's store, and was perched upon the high stool, with a pen behind her delicate ear, her slim little hands fumbling among bills and papers in the worm-eaten drawer, the villagers shook their heads and hoped no harm might come of all this wisdom that Deacon Truepenny had bought for that "hoighty-toighly da'ter o' his'n." But Obadiah looked over at the rickety throne of his daughter, and not for the first time in his life thanked God she was not a son. In another part of the store lounged idly his nephew, young Matthew Gorse; and as the sharp, ferrety eyes of the old man fell upon his comely head, they took an expression of scorn and disgust that told very plainly in what estimation he was hoeld by his forehanded uncle. " A clerk, indeed I" groaned Obadiab, who remembered his own bitter apprentice ship in that line-" traposin' about with the girls at night, yawnin' and loungin' through the day, stickin' up his impudent nose at his betters, and findin' fault with Ihis bread and butter-a clerk, indeed l" Obadiah was about sick of it. "If he couldn't help out with the mackerel and ile, and was too dainty to pick out the rotten apples, why, he might go to thunder," would conclude Obadiah, who, although a deacon, was driven to the verge of pro fanity by this reprobate nephew of his. " And as to makin' head or tail o' them 'ere accounts o' his'n," it was too much for Obadiah. " There was a screw loose sesno. whereo. Squire Bronson hadn't paid that bill, nor Lawyer Bates nuther; leastways if they had it was all mixed up somehow. lie didn't want to be rash, but if he found out anything wrong-" And here the old man's greedy eyes would fasten themselves upon his daughter's face. She was his anchor, his hope. " What with the tarnal fashion o' reckonin' nowadays," the old lodger was a sealed book to him. Matthew would push it over to his uncle, smile con temptuously, and lounge away, secure, as the old sman well know that the contents were like a Chinese puzzle in his hands. But now lie could look away from that scornful face and mocking smile, and gaze upon the calm, serious one of his daughter. It might not be lovely to soeno folks, but to him it was the one face in the world. Her keen, grey eyes, her high nose, her sharp-set mouth, were more alluring in the eyes of her father than any soft.dimpled loveliness. There was that in Elizabeth's face that lent comfort to his fretted soul, and a clean quiver about the girl's nostrils brought back his dog Bess to him, and often he fell to calling her by that name, as the only venture to a caress he know how to give. When young Matthew caught to this pot title, for he had always hated the grim one of Elizabeth, the old man grinned maliciously. " Bess it is, young man," lie said, "sure's you'ro born, and JBess was the best pointer the world ever saw. If you'vo been at anlly capers, she'll nose you out, ma'k rmy words for it." And Matthew would turn upon his heel and walk contemptuously away.; but sur reptitiously he would watch his cousin from a distance, and as he saw the head of the young girl bent over the battered old ledger, her keen eyes probing that miserable tell tale of a book, his soul began to be vaguely troubled. His contemptuous indifference for this young school-miss, with her shallow knack of deceiving her father into the belief she was so wise, yielded to a souse of mastery he found in that face, so pale, so proud, and so severely cold. Ile (lid see that clean quiver of the nostrils; it was perfect; it was fatal. She know all; it was but a question of time. She hold in those pretty slim hands of hers his life or his death, his future manhood, or his eternal shame. He found something tigerish in her toying with the fluttering pages of that wretched old book, and began to long for the time when she would swoop down upon her prey and end this agony of yearning and suspense. For there had dawned within him of late, since, instead of the repulsive power of his uncle, he had found a higher, purer, nobler force to combat and fear-there had broken on his troubled spirit a keener sense of suffering, but with it the neceosity for expiation, which amounted at times to an agony of yearning. Ie resolved one night to feed this desire, let it cost what it would. He got up and sat by the window. For the first time he could look upon that bit of water shimmering yonder in the moonlight without a shudder. His hot eyes suddenly became wet; a sob escaped him. Hour after hour he sat there, motionless, absorbed, the prey to that thought that in the ghastly grey of the morning took so dubious ashape it tore the heart within him. All at once he saw the blue cambric gown of his cousin flitting down the garden path. Ioe crept stealthily down the stairs, holding his breath as he passed his unclo's door, and went out into the garden. The fresh, fragrant air made himn dizzy. He felt the pulses of his temples boat and his heart shake at the rustle of the bushes through which he trod. Nature had scarcely awakened from her sleeoop, and the moon was still in the sky. The garden seemed without a pulse, and the blue robe of his cousin, that was now but a stop from hinm, took the shape, to his dazed senses, of a cloud that had floated down from heaven. ies stopped onward, and clasping the blue of that cloud, fell on his knees at her feet. The heart of this young girl, already touched by the tender grace of the summer morning, with the green of the grass, the twitter of the birds, the perfume of the flowers, by that indefinable sympathy of virginal youth with all that is mystical and sweoet in nature-the heart of this young girl ceased to boat when she saw the. pale, speoctral face of her cousin, and felt the plutch of his hand upon her dress. "You know all, he said; "you've got my eoret out of that accursed lodger. Come, put an end to my misery. Toell mny uncle to-day, if you've a spark of womanly pity, Beoss; finish it all to-day." She stood quite still and looked down upon him. Even in that second of agony he thought her face was the purest and proudest in the world. He felt no shame u kneoeling there. Apart from his crime, it soomed to him right that he, that every one, should be at her feeoot. But the suspenso was overpowering "Spe-ak-for God's sake, speak, Cousin Bess I Betray meo at once, won't you ? Oh, speak I" " No," she said; "I will not betray you." But as he got upon his foot, and took one loeg branth q ]rol)f, m;i4 Canagt the hand hanging at her side, sheo drew it away, and hold it back from him. "Oh, yes, of course," said Matthew, bit. terly, " I know what you mean ; you'll shield me from disgrace. You've got a little imore pride of family than Uncle Obadiah. HII'd hustle rme off to gaol without a quahlmn ; but you -you'll save me, and hate me as only a proud woman can. And, Bess, o00 hero; I can't bear to thwart you; you shall have your will. Te's, liess, what do you want me to do ? Spoik thoword. Goand throw myself in yonder pond, and wipe it all out for over ? Oh, I swear to you I'll do it this moment, in the twinkling of an- eyoeand you shall look on and see I" lie really lnvant what he said. IHe was overstrung with the weakness and agitation of those long hours of wakefulness, and there was something in the face of his cousin that stung him to madness. Just then h1o would rather have died than remained in the world with her. He made a plunge forward, but her hand now graspod his for one little monoient. " No," she said, dropping his hand and clasping iher own. " I will not have it so." Her tone implied I hat she had even thought of this way of wiping out dishonour, but rejectcd it. 'Ihe next words told why. " hecause I cannot boear to have you die," she said; and two big tears rolled out of her eyes upon her clasped hands. " Oh," cried lMatthew, with a groan of agony, " why didu't I know there was such a woman in the world ? Now it is too late." "It is not too late," said Elizabeth, gravely. "And-" " What ?" interrupted Matthew. " Oh, Bess, don't drive me tmad. Don't umko rme live to despise myself. 'loll me, could you over torgive meo? Could you in ten, twenty years, if I went through some sort of terrible expiation at your bidding-could you have the womranly heart to endure moin the samo world with you 1" A slight rustle in the bushes at, her side startled Bess. She looked, and saw only the graceful haunch of a Guinea-lihu; but it quickened the nerves of Miss Truepenny. " Listen to me," she said. "You say you will do all that I bid you. Do you mean what you say ?" " Yes, yes," he replied; " that is what I want-to do just as you will, as God is my judge, Bess. I'd have the strength now to even tell my uncle." "No, no," she said, with a shudder, for she know her father well; " but you must pay the money back to himi, without his knowing it was gone. You must take threeo thousand dollars of mine that are lying in the bank-yes, yes, you must; you said you'd do all that I bid you." "Oh, eoss," hl groaned " to take your money-your little money I I can't, Buss." " You will, Matthew ; you will borrow this money of ime, and pay me the sanme interest for it that the bank allows. It must be withdrawn to-day-this morning -so that I can make the books right. It is dreadful to have them wrong. There now; it is all over." She put her hand upon his head with a sad, sweet gesture of farewell, and as nhlo left him it, seemed to Matthew that the bushes parted, and where her tender, gra cious face had been, that of a demon ro mained-a cynical, sly, sneering face, a face of demoniac will and purpose, the faces of his uncle Obadiah. Matthowremained for a moment petrified with fear and disgust; but the faoe vanished, and it all seenied like a dream of his disturbed fancy. It was impossible; it could not be. Of courseo not. Atbreak fast there sat his uncle Obadiah, with his wrinkled face untouched by emotion of any kind. IHo ate with his head bent as usual to the table, once in a while casting a quick, furtive glanco upon his daughter, which habit was a part of his meal. As for loss, she poured out the coffee with a steady hand; her voice had no quaver in it; but there was something always about his cousin that seemed masterful to Matthew, only it was wonder ful such tenderness could go hand in hand with it. A hundred omotions took away his appetite. It seemed to him that his soul had just been born. !Iow different was the store that day I The gaudy placards upon boxes and bales, the fly-paper on the mouldy old coiling; on one side flaunted gay-coloured prints and petticoats, while upon the other stood sturdily rakes and hoes, shellors and feeders, even more costly implements of agriculture. The side window, with its narrow, dusty panes, its shelves filled with fruit and pickle jars, patent medicinoes, and stale confeotionery, hold also the desk and stool of the accountant. Many a time had he perchedthero, a band of iron about his head, every nerve in his body tingling with desperation and despair. Now there was a high, white brow there, cool and calm and passionless, a white warm body, but apparently without nerves; above all, a soul free from stain. How different it was I The old fiatour in the back of the building of musty grain and mildew, and down in the cellar the strong conglomeration of mackerel and oil, of brown sugar andmolasses, of horse liniment, vino gar, and homrne-brewed boor, of rancid butter and bacon, of hides, of beef, hams, and cod fish-the odour of these, mingling and com mingling, failed to create the usual sonsa. tion of disgust to IMatthow. 1Io took off his fine coat, and pulling up his shirt sleeves, ramiflcated down intho very bowels of this damp, sticky, subterranean retreat, ti?he half-shut, wrinkled, cunning eyes of his uncle following him curiously and with an ominous speculation. Some disagreeable work was got over that morning, Mr. Truoponny ecomingly willing enough to humour the busy bent of his nephew. About noon Matthew wont abovo, and at the top of the ladder behold the flutter of a blue cambrio dress; it set his heart to beating painfully. Instino tivoly he took his hat from his head, and when Bess saw first that handsome, spectral head, it was even with thIe floor. It was no handsome and yet so spoectral a head that it reminded her of one in a picturo she had seen somewhere, that of a cavalier prone upon the block, ready for the are of the headsman close by. She stooped and put in his hand a bit of paper. He bent his head over her hand and as she drew it gently away a loose flutter of ribbon from her sleeve remained in Matthow's grasp. lHe looked at it with a sort of greeoody piety, and put it in his pocket with the cheque. It must have booeen nearly noon before he could go to the bank. Obadiah sooeemed possessed with a desire to tidy the whole establishmeont, and worked hand in hand with hbls nephew till that hour. When Matthew wont out of the store he cast one little look behind. Tho grave, candid oyes of Does, as they mrot his, wore the trusting confidence of a little child. A fleeting colour touched her cheek. She nodded to him oncouragingly. It was all he could do to keep calm, and he wont out into the streoot with blurred eyes and a faltering stop. Yet he thought he should see her again in ton, fiftcon minutes--at the utmost a little half hour. 'Ie walked on with a quick stop, holding his head high, looklug neither to the right nor the loft. Many a passerby noticed his preoccupied, agitated manner, and spoke of it afterward, as people will, twisting and distorting everything into damnatory cvi. dence against the accused. The money was paid over to him without a question, the party counting out the three thousand dollars no doubt busy in his mind us to what speculation that red-haired, high-nosed young woman was about entering into but he made no remark, and Matthew put the money in his pocket, where already lay that little treasure of bluearibbon, and wont on his way to that red-haired, high-nosed damsel, whistling softly as he wont, for the first time in years. But he had scarcely gone a third of the way when he saw his uncle Obadiah coming up the street with one of their old towns. men by the name of Dobson-a lounging, shiftless fellow, who had lately been ap pointed a policeman under the now law. IIis uncle Obadiah was given to consort ing with all classes of people, and lie walked by the side of this fellow with the same shnufling and sly demeanour that he bore with t he squire of the parish. Matthew, with a slight salutation, would have passed quickly on, congratulating himself that Obadiah was well out of the way for a timeo, but he felt the hand of his uncle on his arlu. " We'll walk togethor,"said the old man. "Come," he continued, leaving his com panion and leaning heavily upon Matthew's arm, " we'll go down by the dam where people won't be listonin'; I want a word with you." Obadiah was not wont to consult his nephew in anything, and Matthew's courage was shaken when they reached the mill. His eyes instinctively avoided the malicious twinkling ones of his uncle, and lihe shook himself free from that clutch of his skinny hand. A dim horror began to ponetrate him. The noise of the water falling from the wheel, the wheel itself, became a phantom of dread to his imagina. lion. It reminded him somehow of a drowning creature holding up its dripping armsine in terror and supplication. " I take it, Matthew," began his uncle, "that you'll be reasonable; you've gener ally found out pretty quick on which side your bread is buttered. You needn't look as if you were going to be hung. For some wise reason or other the devil is lot have his agents hero on the earth, and you seem to be a pretty good help o' his'n. You're in luck, young man. If you behave right, I'll do the fair thing by you; if you don't, you've no one but yourself to blame. I happened to be on the other side o' the hedge this mornin' when you had that little talk with Elizaloth." Matthew dlid not even start. Ile know it all now, but he shuddered, and said, " Yes, I saw you." " lum-you did ?" continued Obadiah. " You see, I got up curly-' Early to bed and early to rise,' you know, that's my motto; and Elizabeth, she's a chip o' the block, ain't she P She's got a long head, has Elizabeth, and a cool, calculatin' brain, hain't she, now ?" "Go on I" said Matthew, fiercely; :"go on I What do you want with me P" "Well," drawled Obadiah, "I might prosecute you as a thief, you know; you confessed you stole the money." " I took what was mine," said Matthow, his face in a blaze of passion. " My grand father had no right to leave you my mother's shareo. I won't be called by that name-be careful what you smy." " It's my way," said Obadiah, " to call things by their right names. Anybody that takes what ain't belongin' to him is a thief-holdI keep back therol I'd like to say that up yonder on the bank is an old friend, Dobson. IIo's got handcuffs in his pocket, and all them little things that are in his line o' business. IIe hain't had much to do lately, and it's no moro'n right lihe should be ready when he's called. Perhaps I may want him, and, ng'in, I m:yun't. Now see hero, I'll give you your ch'ico, young man: you can take that there money that you've got in your pocket that three thousand dollars of Elizabeth's -and you can clear off with it, got away to the devil if you like, but don't never let me see or hear of you ag'in, lme nor mine. Hark ye, young man, it'll be a short shrift if ye do. I'll haul you'up; I'll hunt you down; I'll take the furthorest end of the law-on you. Thorn white fingers o' yourn heyv been mighty free lately; they ain't satisfled with takin' my money-they must prowl around my da'tor I" And heoro the heat in the old man's eyes rivalled the blaze in Matthew's. " Take your ch'ico, and take it quick, young nman-yourfreedom, the world before you to play the devil in, and that three thousand dollars of Elizabeth's you've got in your pocket there, or a gaol, a striped shirt, a shaven head, and a cell." Matthow sank down upon the grass. Iis head fell upon his hands. Ho was too sick and sad even to be angry any more. It was all over; he had lost all, as ho had, perhaps, well deserved-hope for the future, redemp tion for thepast. It was gone for ever, that impossible phantom of faith and tenderness and ineffable charity in which he had dared to trust. lie got upon his foot, and pulling the bills frorm his pocket, put them in Obadiah's hand. The bit of blue ribbon fell from his trembling fingers, but he picked it up and put it back in his pocket again. Then he turned to Obadiah. " Soee hero, old man," he said; '" there is Elizabeth's money. Take It back to her; shoe's waiting for it now." IHere his voice shook, and the muscles of his face twitched wvith an irrepressiblo agony. "Tell her," he said, "it was all useoloess--all her sweeoot wo manly moroy; buttell hebor, too--do you hoar? -that becausoof that mercy, I'll do the best I can. 1'1l try to wipe it all out, for her sweet sake, and then I'll comeo back, and not till theon. Say, will you toll her that P or shall I do it ? I swear to you that, in spite of you or Dobson, I'll walk up the street there to Elizabeth. I'll risk everything rather than she shall lose faith in me. May I dopond on you P" "Y-yes," stammered Obadiah; "yonmay reckon on my doin' what's right." " 8wear that you will; swear by-O graoious Heaven I what is there sacred to the soul of this old man P--swear by Eliza. both herself, as you hope to hold her love or favour, you'll deal fairly by moe in this one way." And the old man sworo. His face qui. veorod like a shaken piece of parchment, and his voice was but a whisper, but he swore. 'I'hon Matthew strode away, and in all the weary years that followed, a water-wheeool was a spectre of dread to him, and that thorny brake, that bankr of tenderest greeoon, fleocked with buttorcups and daisies, a spot to shudder over and forget. Obadiahl sat there a moment, broken and trembling with a little argument that wont on within him, and he wiped the cold sweat that started to his brow. Then he put away the bills, and wont up to Dobson on the bank above. Elizabeth lookod up when her father on tered the store, looked over and beyond her father expectantly, and with an air of hopoe ful ceortainty a little frotted by delay. Her friger rostlad upon a place in the ledor, ailu on theodesk lay a crumpled mass of bill? held down by a rusty old weight.'But her father shuffled on, and there was no stop after his. The long hours of the afternoon went slowly by; shadows began to lengthen, and the heat and dust of the day were tempered by thoj.approach of evening. Still Elizabeth lingered at the desk, un consciously held there by a weight of suit= peneo, of vague and harrowing fear. It was already twilight when a group of idlers gathered under the side window, and the confused murmur of their voices reached her troubled senses through the broken panes of glass. At last, with fatal precision these words fell upon her ear: "''hree thousand dollars I It was a pretty good haul for Mat Gorse to make off with. The young scalawag somehow out witted them all. 'They do say the money belonged to Miss Truepenny." Then Miss Truepenny got down from the stool, and, taking her hat from its accustomed peg, walked out the door homeward. By the time her father came, hot and flustered, with even a more shuffling atep; than usual, and took his seat at the table, Elizabeth was as calm and cool as over. Her lingers held to him the brimming cup of tea, and not adrop therein quivered; her keen grey eyes looked out beyond her father to thedusky laburnums at the garden gate, then they returned again and settled themselves upon his face. " So Matthew Gorse took my money to day and ran away with it P" she said. • " Yes, yes," replied the old man, his shaking hand spilling the tea upon the snowy cloth ; "so they say, Bess, You shouldn't 'a trusted him. But it didn't matter; he was a thief and a scoundrel beo fore." "It did matter," said Elizabeth. "Heo took those throee thousand dollars and weont away, did he, father ?" Her voice grow shrill with a sudden over powering tone of yearning, and she looked steadily at the old man. "Yes, yes," stammeoreod Obadiah, his voice also getting shrill, and his chin' shaking painfully. "But don't mind, Beses I'll mnake it up to you, every penny of it, and leers." " No," she said, in a hard, bitter voice, "you can't give it to me-nobody can. You can't make it up to me--nothing can." And Obadialh found to his dismay that nothing could induce Elizabeth to take from him the three thousand dollars. Her own three thousand hidden away became a curse to him. She made him feel like a thief himself. lte had, after all, taken her money, as Matthew Gorse had taken his. No matter what the inotive was, there the money lay-stolen from her, concealed, put out of her reach or knowledge. The thought was misery to him. The faot that he had done thi.s thing to save her from falling into what he thought was a snare of the devil, mattered little to him now. If Matthow Gorse had told him, and he had known, that the money he had taken was spent in some righteous way, it wouldn't have raised the young man a whit in his estimation. Money was money, and it must belong somewhere. If it was taken from its rightful owner, the one who took it was a thief-thore lay the whole matter. This epigrammatic way of settling it made the old man's hair white in a year, took all the cunning out of his eyes, put in his face somethling weak iud pitiable, but changed it vastly for the better-wonder fully for the butter. If Matthew Gorse could have met his uncle in the streets of Plirupton Centre a few years after he parted with hiim, he wouldn't have known hin. He would have lifted his hat to the bent, drooping, white.haired old man and passed reverently by. But these years that bent and shattered the body and soul of Obadiah Truepenny seemed to harden and petrify and preserve his daughter. She grow straighter and stiller and sterner and colder, till she might almost as well have been made out of stone. Obhadiah could find no fault. She poured out his tea for him, at the ago of thirty, with the sarme punctuality and accuracy .' that had marked that courtesy ton years before. Site was now the soul and centre of the business in Plimpton, which had greatly prospered now that the railroad ran through the town. She bought and sold bargained and trafficked, with the long head and sagacious foresight lho had credited her with when she was but a girl. And all legal culprits had the same reason to fear her that they found long ago with her fathor; she had no mercy, not even when he pleaded for them, as he did, often and strenuously; so that, being a legal culprit himself, he began to trombleat her approaoh, and crept away to his own room, there to shiver and moan and vainly strive for courage to undo what he had done. For of what avail would it be now to make his daughter, the one being on earth dear to him, hate and despise him andoast him from her P Obadiah meant to tell his daughter all, as he had sworn so to do; but he had not stipulated when, the time was not in the bond, and the moment had never come to him when it seemed easy, or indeed possible to fulfil his promise to Matthew. He determined he would tell her in five years - -in ten; he put it off to fifteen, and then took the crime to his conscience to lie there a curse for over. Elizabeth was thirtysevenyears old when one morning Obadiah walked down the main street of P'limpton, loaning heavily upon his gold-headedcano, and was suddenly hailed from afar by a voice that seemed familiar to him, and yet it did not appear possible that the disreputable and dilapi dated tramp approaching could ever have boon known to him. The man's head was bound up in a red handkerchief, and despite the fraeezing air, a woollen shirt and overalls seemed to comprise his wardrobe. "You don't know me, do you, deacon ." hi said, coming closeto the old man; " and I'm bleoat if at first I could make you out,: It don't seem as if livin' on the fat o' the' land and sleepin' on beds o' down has done much for you, any mnoro'n starvation and i campin' out has done for me. The game's' pretty well played for both of us, I reokoni but I want to toll you, deacon, that there's somebody on the war-path. Unboknown to : myself, I did you a bad turn out yonder." "Ouat whore, Dobson P" said Obadiahls. Perhaps there was only one other face in the world so stamped upon his memory that he could have known it after all these years, of hardship and frustration. But in that. scone down by the mill.damnthis man Dob. son was a mute and unconsclous partaker, K and Mr. Trueponny's memory was keen to : agony here. "In the mines," said Dobson. ".I foill upon your nophew Mat out there. Yea, I. did, deacon, that's a fact; and sheer ill luck and minsery followed me from that minute. I'm blest if he wasn't a regular-Jonah; he had the cussedesnt ill fortune in everything he unldertook, and things went from bad to worsoright etraight along. One don't talk of hone much out that way, deacon ; think, of it, you understand, more or loes all the time, but don't talk of it. lBut that day I : threw up my hand; couldn't stand it, caved; ilght im, sovonteon miles from camp, dead leaned out, no whisky eoven. Wo got down in a frozen ledge, Mat and I, the sky heavy as Ic~d over us, and some big black wings flppin' down. ' We'll leave our bones here. Mat,' says I, 'and them varmints up thero'll pick 'em clean.' And says Mat-be always took things quiet, you se-e-say Mat, '.As well hero as anywhere.' And saya I, ' Mat, no; I'm blest if I wouldn't ruther be covered up clean in Plimpton church-yard, and so wonuld you if you hadn't made off with that money of Elizabeth-- Truepenny's;' -and,. Lord I if there was ever a mad miner, stark, ravin' mad- But hold on, deacon I here, loan on me. Don't take on about it.; ten chances to one his bones are:bleachin' out there now. , It ain't half so easy to gotback as to go. He swore he'd come, and what fMat undertook in that line he generally got through ; but ho was pretty well caved, his right leg dragged a little, and a rattlin' old cough stuck to him night and day. He started on the trail and left me clean behind; but, deacon, I think he's slipped out, I do indeed." . Something in the face of the deacon touched and wont far to terrify the old miner. It was seamed and haggard and 'he people in Plimpton Centre thought it a fine thing to 'eo the deacon go up the main street leaning upon the arm of that miserable Dobson. S"That's true piety," they aid,and doffed their hats reverently to the poor old gentle man. That night the deacon was no longer able to take the cup of tea from the hand of his daughter. She went up to his room with it, and hold it to his lips, and looked down upon him with her cold, keen eyes. "What night is it. ieas ?" he raid. " I heard the church bell a bit ago." "It is Christmas night, father." " Go down, Bess, go down, and bid Boley build the Christmas fire upon the hearth. Bid her get out the blackberry wine. nomeone may need the warmth and cheer to-night." "You are best in bed, father." "Ay, but go down as I bid you, Boes; make it bright and cheery and warm below there." When Elizabeth returned to her father, he held out to her his shaking hands. "How old are you today P" he said; "how old, Bess, God help me, how old ?" "Thirty-seven years, father," she said, and smiled bitterly. "And can't you get a bit warm with the Christmas fire, Bess, and Betty's wine P It's the day our Saviour was born to save miserable sinners. You are so cold anad 'white, Bess; poor sister Nan can't be much colder and whiter, though she's been a ghost this many a year, since ever Matthew Gorse was born." Atthe sound of that name Elizabeoth's eyelids fell. A shudder crept through her frame. Something that had been dead within her sprang to life with a birth-pang of sinister joy. " It's a cold hearth.etone," muttered her father; "a lonely one thi; many a year. ooeep the Christmas fire bright, oss ; lie may come homne at any time. I've righted him in my will. You won't grudge him the money, Boss P I did him a foul wrong." Here he raised himself on his elbow and looked pleadingly in her face. "Father," said Elizabeth, in a harsh, strained voice, " didn't Ml:tttohw CJorse take my money and run away with it?" "No, no, no," said the old aman, and full back upon the bed. " He sent it back to you, with a message, lees. I'd ha' told you long ago, but I got more and more scared of you ; but he told me to tell you for your sweet sake-for your sweet sake--" " Oh, my God 1" said Elizabeth, and fell on her knees by the bedside. Then Obadiah fell into broken sobs and exclamations, and told her all. Obadiah Trueoponny died that night, and when upon the day of the funeral the will was read, the people of Plimpton Contre thought it a wicked and unjust thing for Deacon Truepenny to leave half his fortune to that acapo-grace of a neph w, Matthew Time rolled on, however, and Matthew did not come to claitm his inheritance. Every night the ruddy glow from Mlies Trueponny's sitting-room windows gleamed halfway .across the road, but it was fully throee years afterward that it shone upon a shabby, disheveled, fierceolooking vagrant, who stooped upon the door-atop to put some of the snow by the way-side upon his burning, throbbing head. Ilia breath was nearly spent, and the Christmas bells that rung out from the church below made a confusion in his brain. His shaking hand raised the massive old silver knocker, but \- Betty did not unfasten the chain. " Obadiah Truepenny P" she said. " Why, Lord o' mercy, he's dead and buried these three years 1" "Dead I" said Matthew, and dropped on the door.sill like a stone. That word was like a bullet to him. "Dead I" he gasped out, and gave up the struggle. He fell on his face along the porch, and there Eliza both found hum. Some hours after, he opened his eyes upon the wide, pleasant old sitting-room. ohe Christmas fire was burning upon the hearth,casting a ruddy glowupon the home spun carpot; blazing upon the polished heads :of brass, the quaint, old heads of hapdirous, shovel, and tongs, staring at each other from their separate corners, just as in the old time,; flickering upon the solid ,old malhogany sideboard, with its chubby decanters and tall glasses, its big square tray, upon which that- Japanese woman had been Salling slantwise through the air all these years, and never yet spilled those impossible flowers ,on the mountain by her side;- lighting up the high straight. backed,:chairs, .the tall mirror, the drfied grasses on the mantel, heo geraniums still blossoming in the .warm south window; heating the air with-a horue scent of pine, a resinous edour of the old woods, that went straight to the soulof theo poor vagrant upon the old chintz-covered settee,. Once upon a time he was in keeoping with the snug, gay appointments of -this pleasant old,,room, -He -was as smiart-and dapper theni, with bis-jetty looks and.white. skin andlunexceptionablo garpnenta, as smirk and? smart, as they, Iut -now-he was broien, and.bent and worn,,ehabby, un empt,. and miserable.' Ilis boots- were rent, and s was his heart. He was out:of piaclhere., ' Aid a,.shadow there by hissaide, some drapery upon the floor, a ruffle of lace fall ing nponR.whit hand4 near -by-all these tooksit breath away, brought weak, miser able tarsto his eye,,eshook the oainting moul. ithin him. ;.:Her face-oh, -the old prcitwe, ,we?t face Iol-was turned a little away.and; her, .hair-oh, the old ruddy, h?dow-ti.ited hair i-had half fallen upon h??iloiulder . the high nose, the clean out of henstril,the firm sweep of. the chin and ,thOtwhy, she was the same old uwq;e d, imperious .Bees,'the very .eame, whilie.oh, mfisery I-was but a ghost: to troubleo¥ oy the old fear of her, nd thebid iorhlp' camne iwooping S tk k upon R inaide Kua ffortb t fall at herofeet'l, but san M?kpbwk de.rles, - " - - *' l" se I DBaslI" heaoried, in a o rsaeebd kna- hollbw' as, broken dlrumbh. DfiDthi old niiksn tefl otbt hforehi died ? pid hri'ght oe at thetlast P' Oh, I owear toa you, Bess, I've been true to my word over \- ,ane. iroe done my? bestBess, poor, ;'niisbr. bl6 wreritch that I an--nI lav~t donub iny best., ffohoer"and he took from his broe?et a aggedl,:faded bit'f ribbon-" I'ro -kept 'it' i these 'years; 'it's all:I wont away with[ itdIs all 'oe come back with. - I couldni't a aupthemonoyiBees ; luck wa~nagaaist oaebmehow.r Where other mna ghine?, I lwiyst:lost; ;and even noW I'm In-the wmy; "t u? t tgo, Beirs ; but tll moe, beforoI le?rv, oni, c]i the old-nan rfight me at theb Idi " 'Ithen shetua ippe· 'le tr her; chair tePio Iloor? and for the first time in twenty long yoars and inore he felt the arms ofa womab iatiopt bis'sock, of all the arms in the world, those qf his cold, proud cousIi, and tears wire raining out of her eyes upon his wasted oheek. Tho poor.trembling lips of the wanderer, touched by thosU of Eihzabeth, grow faint with rapture. As for 1Bes3, this was the first, the very first, lover's kisa that had ever been hers, and she was forty years old that day. " He righted you, Matthew. IIo was sorry. IHe has loft you sixty thousand 'dollars in his will, You are as rich as I, dear. I pray of you to forgive him." \- "Forgive him--yes, with all my heart. But take the money-no ; your money, Bess -eizty thousand dollarsn,! and the poor baffled gold-seeker repeated it once again " Sixty thousand dollars I" "With his prayer to be forgiven, dear. And the old store is there. You shall be its master, and mine, Matthew. Oh, say- tell me-are you happy at last-as happy as 1 '' ." Why, Bess, if I've only the strength to boear it. It's tougher than misery, somne how. Bess, I'm a weak, miserable wretch, you know. Let me have it out, dear;" and he put his head down on her breast, and Ssobbed all the old wretchedness and wrath and sorrow away. 