TRIP THROUGH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. JEKILDERIE. From Ynnko to Jcnldene is a distance of some fifteen miles. The town is approached by a bridge thrown across the Billabong Creek years since, and tolled by an early resi dent, but to-day its stability is so uncertain that were a waggon or team to test its strength to any extent above the average we fear it would fare ill with both. Why does not the Government either take over the bridge and put it into an efficient state of repair, or have a new and superior one constructed 'i It cannot be that there is no need for the bridge, as any one visiting Jerilderie for even a day will ob serve that the existing one, weak and frail though it is, is constantly requisitioned, and to an extent which must tax its supporting power to the fullest. Some day or other, and possibly ere long, it will yield up the ghost, and then, when it has collapsed and pre cipitated a few lives into eternity, and a goodly sum in mer chandise into the creek, steps may be taken* to ensure for the future the safety of travellers. About two miles distant at the other and extreme end of the town, where the road, leading towards Urana, again crosses the creek, a good substantial bridge, with excellent approaches, has been constructed. This bridge, which locally is known as Davidson's Bridge, through being close to Mrs. Davidson's well-known hotel, ie in every way commendable, and tends to prove the necessity for the Government promptly taking the other in hand, as the through traffic instead of diminishing is daily increasing. Jerilderie, as a town, is, though young in years, old in experience, for not one of her vigorous and bustling storekeepers is a novice, all having had, ere coming and settling here, that experience termed 'colonial,' which is generally considered to be essential to success, and there is no doubt they had an eye to the posi tion of Jerilderie, as regards its surroundings, when they ? elected to locate themselves here, for Jerilderie is situated right in the heart of a district well suited for agricultural pursuits, and enjoys a trade second to none tor its size as a town, or for the surrounding population of selectors and their but recent location in the district. Almost to a man the population is. Victorian. Indeed, to find a family who have not, wearied through the vicissitudes of life in Victoria, sought out and selected this favoured part of Riverina whereon to make a permanent and presently comfortable home is suite the exception. Jerflderie-street is the thoroughfare for business, though by-and- by there will doubtless be other streets, now streets but in name, where the bustle of trade and commerce will be found in full swing. The buildings are going up all round, three brickfields being kept in a constant state of activity to meet the demand which exists. This speaks well for ibe thoroughness andacti ve enterprise of the towns people. There are several fine stores, Messrs. S. M'Lauchlan and Co.'s, J. D. Rankin' s, Monash's, and the Beehive StortE being the most prominent, all of which do a large and general trade. There arc two watchmakers, two fruiterers and tobacconists, a timber-sawing will, an assembly-room, supported by the tradesmen by subscription, a couple of blacksmiths, baker?, &c.; ; but there is room fora gcod isilor and also for a barber, both of whom would find welcome and support. It is a pity the Government have not established a lands office here, selectors having to go all the way to Urana. During the past three years, and within a radius of twenty miles, some 300,000 acres have been sold or alienated. This surely is ample reason for a clerk, and an office being opened at Jerilderie. Urana is distant fully thirty-five nuks from the township of Jeril derie, and we may 6afely assume that selectors have, by going to the Urana' lands' office, to travel on an average 100 miles. Then, again, there should be a resident magis trate for the district ; and, seeing there are so many of the residents of the district eligible for the office, no difficulty should beexperienced in appointing one or other of them. The courthouse is a good and substantial building, and faces almost the police barracks in Jcrilderie-street, but the post office is far away too small, paltry, and insignificant ; and, as the telegiaph -office is attached, we are puzzled to know how the post and telegraph master, Mr. Jefferson, can pos Eibly accomplish all he has to do in the space 60 limited and confined. We noticed, and with regret, the lack of a coroner. There have been recently cases (some three or so) of sudden deaths, which should have had post mortem examinations, but through lack of an officer to conduct them the corpses had to be consigned to the grave without. The attention of the Government might not un justly be directed to the absence of legislation to cause action to be taken by the police in cases of cattle, horses, and sheep dropping dead, for their immediate removal by fire or otherwise, so that the numerous cases of fever of a typhoid type may not recur. It seems to be nobody's busi ness to the present to interfere, and the stench which meets one's nostrils as one rides along and passes a defunct and putrid beast is very suggestive of what must inevitably be the consequence to those who, through being located in its vicinity, must inhale a poisoned atmosphere with each breath ihey inspire. To quit this subject, and to enter upon another. The . school is well attended, and the building is in every way suitable. We could not help noticing that there is no building devoted to church service of any kind, and on inquiry found to our regret that the inhabitants but seldom assemble together for spiritual exercise. This is but sorry news to have to recount; but are they as a township entirely to blame, that the bishop has not delegated some one to conduct a service here, if not weekly, at least at in tervals S* The most we can do is this, to point out the shortcoming, with a hope of the want being met speedily. The country around this part of Riverina is extremely flat, and we know nothing more monotonous to the traveller than having to make his way over such, along roads aught but well-defined or smooth. How one track has been super seded by another and yet another is but too painfully re membered by all who like ourselves have had to decide which out of the groups here and there encountered is the pleasantest to traverse ; but where the Government have expended a Id. on roadway, ire fail to see. Can any one say how often and in what .manner the vast sums paid hence into the colonial exchequer have been re-expended on the town and district? We fear not : nor could we discern a roadway which a pedestrian could cross during a wet season without becom ing bogged, or compelled between each few steps to stop in order to remove the pounds' weight of tenacious soil which eo persistently sticks to his boots. Surely it would not cost much to burn some of this soil, and by thus turning it into ' brick-stones,' and laying it on the streets and para pets, establish once for all a good and firm flooring capable of sustaining the weight of any traffic passing. The town boasts of but four hotels — viz., Mr. M'Dougall's Travel lers' Rest, where Cobb and Co.'s coaches pull up ; Mr. Cox's Royal Hotel (late Beveridge'6), where we stopped ; Mr. Samuelson's Jerilderie Hotel; and Mr. C. Naw's hotel. The police have not much occasion to tax their energies, as the people are very well ordered ; and now that the selectors have so much sway in tho district, there are not so many of that class of travellers to be met with as f or merly — we allude to fencers, &c.; , who never received payment on completion of their job but they were induced by a most irresistible feeling of mania to spend it right away at once, or, as it ie termed, get themselves 'lambed down.' As we rode to Jerilderie from Yanko Creek, we heard a fellow — the dajr was hot — on being asked ' could he ' do ' a pint on reaching the township ?' make the suggestive reply, u My colonial.' Mr. Cox, of the Royal Hotel, when pro prietor of the Caledonian Hotel, Hay, had a visit one evening from a gentleman who had been sent from Westminster to find him ; for Mr. Cox was the holder of a pocket-book in which were some of the Tichbourne claimant's 'rough notes.' This gentleman started back for Westminster on the succeeding morning, having arranged with Mr. Cox that hp should also take a trip home and produce the pocket-book, in exchange foy which he was to receive a round sum of money, besides having his passage paid home and out. Of course, Mr. Cox carried out the programme as laid down ; and whilst in London secured a splendid gold hunting watch, of complex movements, which the veritable Dowager Lady Tichbourne had presented to her presumed son, but which he, like an ingrate, had pledged to relieve his necessity on some occasion or other. This now historical watch, made by the great house of Emanuel, in London, vouched for by them as having been manufactured by their firm to Lady Tich bourne's order, has again and again been greedily examined by the curious ; and Mr. Cox is of so affable a nature that he does not tire of satisfying the demands of those of his visitors who, professing to be interested, and sometimes to ' know all about it,' ask him to feast their eyes by letting them see it. It is a watch of such solid construction, and of such varied movements, that any one might be satisfied to possess it. It has on the dial- face two small dials, to 6how two different times, a monthly dial showing the day of the month, an ordinary seconds hand, besides a centre seconds hand, and, as this latter can at any moment be stopped, it is essentially a racing watch ; on the outside centre of one of the gold cases, in old English, is engraved H. F. T. (Honoria Felicite Tichbourne), a name so potent in sealing the defendant's case, as, though of his putative mother, he could not remember it. The Royal Hotel is about undergoing enlargement and improvement, and the Bank of New South Wales, who have occupied a portion of the building, will have to erect a structure elsewhere for them selves. Tne soil of the country in and about Jerilderie is of a red loamy description, with occasional patches of black clayj that it is suitable for growing cereals one has only to notice what splendid vegetables the Chinese gar deners are constantly vending for miles around. Regular irrigation is all that is necessary to ensure successful crops, and as the market is on the spot, notliing but a season such as the past should preclude grand results accruing. A bright future is in store for the township of Jerilderie, and we shall look for its rapid advancement into the first pale of civilization, possessed of an athenaeum and all essentials of a well-ordered body of citizens, ere another year or two has elapsed. It has the advantage of a well-organized society, fully cognizant of its necessities, and they haw. but to take united action to accomplish all things needful. ? M. 