THE NEW TESTAMENT REVISION. The last number of the Churchman announces that the New Testament revision committee have struck out as spurious the last seven verses of the last chapter of St. Mark. 14\. Afterward He appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat, and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart beoause they believed not tbem which had seen Him after He was risen. 15. And He said, go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel unto every creature. 16\. He that believes and is baptised shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned. 17. And these signs shall follow them tbat believe: In My name shall they cast out devils; tbey shall speak with new tongues. 18. They shall take up serpents; and if tbey drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them; they' shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover. 19. So then, after the Lord had spoken unto them, He was received np into Heaven, and sat on the right hand of God. 20. And they went forth and preached everywhere, the Lord working with them, and confirming the Word with signs following. It was also stated that the committee struck out, as being a false interpolation, a verse in one of the epistles, which is frequently quoted as a proof of the existence of the Trinity. The verse alluded to is supposed to be the seventh verse of tbe fifth chapter of tbe first epistle general, of St. John, viz: "For there are three that bear record in heaven—the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and theae three are one." We presume tbatj when the inspired ooa> mittee has finished its labours, their edition will be uniformly introduced into the public schools, the guaranteed word of God. Meanwhile, if another inspired oommittee, and still another, should again revise tbe New Testament—and tbe operation of revision should be accompanied pari passu by the inspiration of mutilation in successive committees, in the course of human evetits iiot far distant, there would he a sublime ending to Protestantism—the Bible would have disappeared by a Kilkenny-eat act of Faith— the last committee will devour the last of the Bible, and the last of the Bible will devour the last of the committees. Euthanasia I . St. Paul asks us to believe the Gospel: "For neither did I receive it {madman, nor did 12ei»m it but by the revelMka Christ." But whence did th«gMaim3i& mittee zeoeive the Gospel, anl*r*StSlfc latum do they discern thel&yfi;^S false ? If they have the power of attorney to act, it muet proceed from inspiration; and Sarnom had better secure this junta of reviBionarv iofallibiste, wboce pretensions assuredly otit-measure the authority claimed by the Cburcb of Christ, which can neither pervert cor expaoge the test of the inspired •writings. We believe we will accept the *' Seven verpee of the last chapter of St. Mark," and the " Seventh verse of the fifth chapter of the first epistle general of St. John ;" fortifying onr position with a test from Paul to the Romans,.verse fourth, chapter third:— <" But God is true, and every man a liar"— which Biblical esegetistu render in a sense obviously applicable to this precise "New Testament Revision Committee." —American Paper. 