CI1TY & .016 ini£CT NEWCASTLE. SCHoor OF ATrs.-It will he seen by advertisement that the half-yearly meeting of the Walleond School of Arts will be held this (Monday) evening, at 8 o'clock. EMPLOYMENT OF FEMALES.-In the House, on Friday night, Mr. Cameron pr - sented a petition from residents at. Newca-tle in favour of the Rill for the regulation of the employment of females. SAN FRANCISCO MIAIL.-Letters, news papers, &c;, for transmission to England and elsewhere, per II,M.S Australia, via San Francisco, may be posted at the Newcastle post-office up to 9.30 p.m., on the 8th inst. ACCIDENT AT WALLSEND -A carpenter named Rowe fell off a building being erec ed at Buchanan's Hotel yesterday. He had his right arm broken, and was otherwise severely shak n ACCIDENT AT MINMI. - A miner named Joseph Birch received what it is feared will be a fatal injury yesterday, at Minmi. He was caught by a heavy fall of coal, and had his right collar-bone broken, his ribs on the right side fractured and the right foot severely lacerated. He was visited almost immediately by Drs. Nash and Tarbolton. " SYDNEY Puza?c."-Last week's. number of Punch tends in every way to sustain the excellent reputation of that journal, and we recommend it to our readers. The illutratons are all well d:awn, and some of the likenese?s are more than ordinarily faithful. The letter-preos matter is very racy and readable. ALDERMAN S. D. LOTT.-It is notified in the Government Gazette of Friday last that Stephen Durant Lott Esq., has been duly elected as an alderman for the C ty Ward, Newcastle Borough Council, for the current municipal year. 1{OM?N CATHOLIC SCHIOOL AT 5 NEWCASTLE SoUTH.--Application has been made to the Council of Ellucation for a cerntificate to a Roman Catholic school at Newcastle South, in accordance with the provisions of the 21th Section of the Public schools Act of 1866. ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLLIS I AIL.-The English mail via San Francisco, per R.M S City of New York, arrived in Sydney on Friday night last, at half past 9 o'clock. WXY have to hand files of merican papers of dates up to the 6th January. NEW WALLsEND COAL MINING COMt. 5?ANV. The following is a statement of the assets and liabilities of the New Wa!lsend Coal Mining Company (limited), on lDecember 31st, 1876:--Dr. Liabilities to BRink £12,759 11s. lid.; sundry creditors £33S, l5e. lid,; total,, £16,620 7s 10i.- Cr. Assets: By sundry debtors, £1335 14s. 7d.; balance, £15,284 13s. 4d. WESLEYAN CHURCH, NEWCAsTLE. The a'ove p:ace of worship was ra-opeaed for Divine service yesterday, by the Rev George Lane, of West Mairlani, who preached morning and evening to large cengrega:ions: and, at the coeclusion of the service, congratulated those present upon being permitted to worship again, in their church NEWCASTLE POLICE COURT.-At the Police Court, on Saturday lst, before Mr. Scott, P.M., three persons were dealt with for drunkenness. Francis Burkett, for resisting the police in the execution of their duty on the 3rd inst., was orderer to pay a fine of 20s , or be imprisoned for seven days' in Maitland gaol. Co O?EFArIvE MINERS.-A meeting of these miners was held at the Tunnell M,uth, on Saturday, for the purpose of considering the propriety of changing the Accident Fiend int. a Benefit Society. '1 here was a moder are attendance, and. after some discussion, it was resolved to lkt the fund remain as at present. BOROUGH OF PLATTSBURG.-It will be srea by advertisement that a commitee has been iormtd to provide sporis, to be held to-mo-row-election day- in celebration of the formation of the borough. Various saws of money have been collected to pu. chase the wherewithal tsohold a ba'quet and to pay the n:.ces.ary exuenseý. A l.,r e var;ety of artic:es of fod, drink, and other artiles have also been collected; and the committee have pr.vided boots, htit., pipes, clothing. &c.;, &o.;, as prizes to b. run and canced for. So far as '"appearances" go, there is every probability of this election being a most lively affair. CAPITAL HINT TO CRICKETERS. - A very sensible proposal (says an Eng ish daily) is being urged upon cri khters-namely, to increase tha number of balls to be delivered before an over takes place. It is a loss of time, and renders the game almost dreary to spectators, especially as cricketers move off to their respective places in such a lethargic way as to infect the mind of the looker-on with something of the same all-forlorn spirit. - The controversy might be settled by letting the two bowlers bowl each four balls from the one end of the Wicket, There would be no extra fatigue for the bowlers, and less time lost in changing the position of the field. THE TRICKETT TESTIMONIIAL.-It has been decided that Mr. Trickett shall get the money collected for his wife and family as a testimonial of his skill as a sculler. - The con. sequence will be that the Tricket " Public" will be opened with due eclat, with this guarantee-that the best drints will be sup! plied, and that all scullers patronising the establishment will be greatly benefited in muscle and brain for sculling contests We expect that the championship will not be long in the Trickett family --Protestant Sftandard. UPPER HUNTER PASTOs~L AND AGRI cULTn ?s LA ssociarION.-The members' pam phlet of the above association for 1876 is to? hand, very nehtly printed at the. Mercury office, West Maitland. T'he pamphlet con. tains the names of the members of the asso. ciation, with the officers and committee for 1876-7; also a list of members for 1875.6 rules and bye-lawsr, second annual report for the year ending 31set October, 1876; list of donations received since the commencement of the society, awards at the first show, and a schedule of prizes for a show to be held in the society s grounds, at Iluswellbrook, on Wednesday and Thursday, 7th and 8th of March, 1877. Particulars, also, as to regula. tions and sales of stock are given. THE VOTE OF CENSU.HE.-The following is the division list upon the vo e of censure, meved by Mr. Piddington against the Govern. ment, on Thursday last: - Ayes, 26 : Messrs. Piddington, Driver, R. B. Smith, Shepherd, Abbott, Leary, M'Elhone, Farnell, Hill, Windeyer, Lloyd, Hurley H., Cohen, Hurley W, Juchanan, F. buttor, Fitzpatrick, Terry, Bennett, Scholey, W. Suttor, Hay, Suther. land, Moses Dibbs and S. C. Brown tellers Nozs, 29: Messrs. Robertson, Stuart, Lucas, Lackey, Burns, Lynch, Cha les, Lord, Butler, Byrnes, Cameron, Greville, Gray, Clarke, Teece, Forster, Cunneen, Davies, Baker, Hoskins, T. Dangar. Warden, Montague, .1. 8\. Smith, Rouse, H. C. Dangar, Garrett. Watson and Jacob tellers. Pairs For: Messrs. Taylor, Piloher, and Parkes. Against;. Messrs Booth, Onslow, and Macintosh. Ms. H. J CORDEN OF THE A. J. S. BANK.-We are very pleased to observe from one of our exchanges, (Pastoral Times, January 13th,) that the manager of the fNew. castle branch of the Australian Joint stock Bank possesses those qualitioes which rendor gentlemen in his position, most useful mom hers of society, in more sense than one. The Time'i tells us tbht a very handsome silver centre piece, nearly 3 feet in height, was presented to Mr. H. J Corden, by his friends in l)eniliquin, as a melaonto of their respect and esteem, after a residence of nine years amongst them, as manager of the branch .of the A. J. 8. Bank, in that town. From those who have seen the te'timonial, we are assured that it is one of which Mr. Cordon may well be justly proud, and we can only repeat the wish, so pleasantly expressed by the Pastoral Times, that he may experience * every success in hisa ew sphere of action. IVARATAI? POLICE COURT.-. At the Police Court on Saturday morning, before A. A. P. Tigho, Eeq., P.M., and It. Turton, Esq., J.P., a married woman- named Ellen Gounding was committed for trial on a charge of deserting her two children. and leaving them without lawful means of support. A DoumnL AccIDENT. We regret to have to state that on Wednesday, Mr. J. C. JameF, of Campbell's Hill, sustained a severe attack of sunstroke, while travelling in a buggy, in the neighbourhood of .,tubwell brook. Medical assistance was immediately obtained, and aft.or treatment and afew hours rest, he was sufliciently recovred to travel by trainhomewards. The journey, however, proved too much for him, and on arrival at his residence it was found necessary to call in the services of Dr Pierce. That gentleman, however, not being able toattend, Dr..alcoon tool; his place, and prescribed. During the early part of the night, Mr. James got off the bed, when giddiness and weakness again crept over him, and he fell to the floor, ht, right shouldr coming in contact dith a chair, and causing displacement On Thursday morning ;rs Pi ree and Alcorn, successfully reduced the dislocation, and we are pleased to state that since that time Mr. James has progressed favourably. M~Maitland Mercury. VICTORIA THEATRE.-The lovers of the legitimee drama in Newcastle, who were pres.nt on Saturday evening at the Victoria Thea'r-, must have enjoyed a treat to which they have been unaicustomed to for many a day Tae tragedy of " FTamlet" was per formed in a mznner that would have doeo oredit to the lesinug London houses. The ronditon of the diflicult character ' ifamlet, by Mr Chaplin, was an undeniable success, and the audiuoe twice signuJied their enthus aetic approbation by insisting upon his appearance before, the ourtain. Mr. Chaplin is likely to become an immense favourite with the playgo-re of this district, and of all those who can appreciate the genius of the true a.tar, as di.tinguishod from the rant and etagey vociferations of the sham artiste. The scene with hid guilty mother, the graveyard, the ply.y.c:ne whirein Hamlet "catches the conscience of the King." the celebrated colloqu' with tr e Ghost, and other well knoifn portions of the cracedy were marvelloriely executed, and the audience were not niggard in their appr val. The Ghost of Mr. J. H olainford was a most excellent piece of acting. ie looked ' every inch a Bing."? although a ghost'y one, in hi- splendid armour and crested helm, and his conception of the part was effective, without being overstrained. The Ophelia of Miss'\lary'L. Young brought tears into the eyes of many of the fair sex present, and was warmly applauded. Mr. Joyce made a capital Polonius, fussy, but not unpleasantly so. The Laertes of Mr. C. Brown, Claudius by Mr. J. P. West, Gertrude by Miss Molville, were each well given, and the other charac ters were likewise very fairly sustained. In the production of the tragedy, Mr. R-.inford has maintained his well-deserved reputation as stage- manager, everthing working remark ably smoothly, especially for a first night, with a new company in a new theatre. To night the tragedy of "Othello" will be pro duced, with a most powerful cast, the Moor being performed by Mr. Chaplin, Iago by Mr. H. N. Douglass, and Desdemona by Miss M. Young. 