CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL. An amateur dramatic entertainment, un^cr vice-regal patronage; and in aid of, the funds? of the Childfen's Hospital,'was given in White's Rooms, on Thursday evening,..January,4, jby several, members of "the Register staff, assisted by Mr.'R. Whinham anda number of axhateprs under his direction. The audience was large and appreciative, but not quite' so large as ^yas desired considering the institution to. ;be benefited, or as would doubtless have been the case had a few more members of the Hospital Committee taken a deeper interest in jits success. However, there was a good house, and the- result will be a welcome -though perhaps not a large addition - to the funds of tne new claimant for public sympathy. On the arrival of His Excellency and Lady Musgrave and suite, Mr. T. H. Jones, who acted as the pianoforte accompanist (hiring the evening, played " God -Save ihe 1 Queen.® The entertainment itself was opened by a double prologue, kindly written for the occasion - by " Geoffry Crabthom," and. spoken by Mr.; R. Whinham (James Brown) and Air. Johnson (John Brown). Though both speakers were scarcely perfect in their text, and consequently rather uncertain in their delivery at times, the prologue (which was somewhat of a novelty in itself), was well received, some of the more prominent puns in it being followed by hearty laughterand applause. Itwas especially the case after the palpable hits in reference to the disciples of various " schools" of medicine agreeing to work together in aid of the Children's Hospital, and to the second presentation, of Aladdin as " the mixture as before." In respect to the prologue, we are requested to state that the central idea of a dispute as to who should speak it was suggested by a clever prologue written some years ago by Mr. H. Byron Moore, of Melbourne; but tlie dialogue and treatment were of course not the same. The following is the PROLOGUE. Eider simultaneously at opjwsile doors, James Brown and John Brown. James—Kind friends, I come: John— Stop, stop! James— One moment, pray! I have to speak the Prologue. John— Come! I say! That's pretty cool, when I've been asked to do it; Make way for me at once, or you shall rue it. James—If anything is rued it's you, I think; But from my duty you shan't make me shrink. Therefore—Kind friends, I come to John— No, you don't! James—To beg John— Now stop. James— Pray, let me speak! John— I won't. James—Why stop my words before I can begin 'em ? John—I tell you I was asked by Mr. "Whinham. James—To speak the Prologue? John— Here's his letter. James—r Nonsense! Here's my request—a note' of Mr. Johnson's. [ They exchange notes. John (reads)—J. Brown, Esquire! James (reads)— J. Brown, Esquire! John— Absurd! Is that your name ? James— It is, upon my word. John—There can't be two with such uncommon names! You call yourself John Brown? James— Not Jolm; Fin James. John—This letter's mine, then—opened by mistake. And now, Sir, what excuses can you make? James—Excuse? The letter yours? "What are you at? John—J. clearly stands for John. Jamts— I don't see that; It stands for James as well. John— Through all the town I'm known to every body as J. Brown, An elocutionist whose reputation No doubt suggested this communication. James—I never heard of you, I frankly own. John—Not to know me argues yourself unknown. James—Well, I won't argue longer, for our friends Will be impatient till this quarrel ends. - Don't let it on the Prologue put a stopper, Or folks will say these Browns arent worth a copper. Is there no way by which we can agree? John—A veiy simple one—give way to me; And afterwards, lest you should feel a wrong, We'll send you on to sing a comic song. James—I don't sing comic songs. John— Then if that fails, Try ilie arbitrament of heads and tails. Come! Heads go off and tails remain behind! Jamtc—I don't play pitch and toss. John— _ AVell, I don't mind Making the audience our referee; I'll bet you three to one they go for me. James—I don't make bets. John— Because you're safe to lose. Who votes for me? (to the audience). James— Who will my Prologue choose ? There! Own Pve got a clear majority. John—Quite the reverse; the votes are all for me. . James—Oh, nonsense! John— Well! to make our quarrel shorter Leave it to Smith, the Register Reporter. He's sitting in the corner there. James— Agreed! Smith knows 'twas I they sent for. Smith— No, indeed! John—That shuts you up, my friend; so go! James— No! John— Oh! I appeal to Smith ISmith— I said I didn't know. John—What's to be doue then? Since to leave we're loth, Just tell us who's to speak the Prologue! Smith— Both! James—What! both at once? Smith— No, speak in turn. John— 'Twill do; A prologue spoken so will be quite new. James—Agreed, provided I begin it. John— Done!! Finish the sentence you have twice begun. James—Kind friends, I come to beg your liberal aid For children who've been left too long to faide In squalid homes from no hard influence free, Nurslings of ignorance a.nd poverty, | Uncared-for while the fevered eyes grow .diin And pains unsoothed assail each quivering limb. John—The Children's Hospital no praise need bear ' * - ' To recommend it to your generous care; So with the sorrows it is bent on healing < . I will not seek to harrow up year feeling, i Jamts—Nor bas it failed the generous kid to gain " ' Of those best skilled to.foil disease and pain; Tis said that Doctors differ, but our rules i Invite assistance from all sorts of schools. JoA;t—Allo-and homceo-and hvdro-Dathic, j " Eclectics," " regulars," with zeal seraphic i Unite to help, while we rejoice to see , • Doctors who take such different "paths" agree. James—To-night some humble followers, of the stage, "• .' ' Eager the children's sufferings to assuage, Are for the Hospital your poor petitioners—— - John—All amateurs, not regular practitioners; And yet their " dressings" for'each fancy jpajjt Will, like a doctor's, make the wearersismart. James—First we invoke • immortal Shajkspeare's aid, ' Whose mighty scenes with reverence. Wa've essayed ; • I To represent,' in form though incomplete,""- • For lack of. time; and lack of actors meet. j Hence, if yoii note some failings in Our playiiig, Recall the spirit Of his kindly saying— < Naught comes~amiss when duty tendersit."- John—Think, too, that'" brevity's the soul! of . wit," 1 Arid modern huny mast approve the process; Of Shakspeare given in homoeopathic doses. ' Jamts—A. quaint burlesque our bill of fare' will close Jcfoi—Which for its aptness you may think we chose, ' For when 'tis built poor children's hearts to. gladden,- . ' The Hospital will often lrnve a lad in. Yet, to speak truth, we lately played it o'er;! To-nSght 'tis but the mixture as before, j And much we hope that when it has been -taken The patients' sides—that's yours—will be fell shaken. ' • , • j Jama—How for our cause just one more" Word Pd say; . Let not your interest cease with our poor play; Of all to whom the Hospital affords Its help be friends ; John— And guardians of . its wards; James—Let not the children who may restless lie -. . ; Within its walls lack kindly sympathy. To ease their sufferings and assist their cures Be at their service-:—- John— As we <im-at-yours. James—That pun's too bad.. John— In punning go the whole hog, A double sense weH ends our double Prologue. After the prologue selections from " Hamlet" were given by the- following-caste:—Hamlet, Mr. R. Whinham ; Polonius, Mr. G. Uaughton; Horatio, Mr. T. Gepp; Maveellus, • Mr. ,M. Huddlesfon; Guildenstern, Mr. G. H. Cargeeg.; Rosencrantz, Mr. F. J. Dobbs ; Ghost, Mr. C. Warren; Ophelia, lady amateur, tn speaking of the performers .we shall criticise them as ' amateurs, "being," as is our' wont in such" cases, "to their faults a little (though perhaps only a little) . blind and to their virtues ever kind." Taken from this standpoint, then,' we must pronounce Mr. Whinham's Hamlet a success. Doubtless other critics might hold a different view, and might even object to his whole conception of the character. It is certainly a pretentious one for an amateur to essay. We think that in some parts, especially • iii dialogue, he portrayed in a natural and very effective manner the peculiarities of the melancholy Trince of Denmark. But in some other portions—the soliloquies generally, and 1 more particularly the beautiful one beginning "To be, or not to be"—be was decidedly stiff, and even harsh and somewhat unsympathetic. The selections rendered included tlie Ghost Scene; that between Hamlet, Polonius, and the Players; and the portion of the tragedy iu which Hamlet, bids the fair Ophelia "jget to a nunnery." In Mr. Whinham's acting during tlie ghost s^ene some of the attitudes were, quite oi iginal; and when we say this, and add that they were highly dramatic in . effect and yet natural, we have paid to the actor the high compliment which lie deserves. - .In our opinion he was best in the ghost scene, which he had evidently studied with care and intelligence. His worst effort, we tliink, was . when speaking to the players, while the representation of his' interview with Ophelia did. him credit. The same meed of praise must be paid to the lady amateur who undertook the part of the fair Ophelia and mourned in bitterest agony the woful change which had taken place in her quondam lover. The lady- was perhaps a little too slow—a very unusual fault—in her delivery ; but on the whole she very fairly realized the spirit and profundity . .of the words she uttered. Before concluding our notice of Hamlet we must not forget to mention Mr. Laughton's Polonius. It was decidedly original in its conception; but unfortunately, as it seemed to us, a little too much of the low comedy element was allowed to enter into the dress and deportment, and even grimaces and atterances of the old hypocritical courtier. Mr. Laugliton would do well to alter this defect. His acting was decidedly good. The leading performers were very well supported by the other members of the caste, not one of whom proved a failure. The entertainment was concluded with Mr. H. J. Byron's burlesque of "Aladdin, or the Wonderful Scamp." The play had been very cleverly and extensively localized by Mr. D. M. Magill, of the Register Office, and the whole of the persons who took part in it, with two exceptions, were members of the staff of this journal. The caste was arranged as follows:—The Emperor, Mr. R. J. Rigaud; Vizier, Mr. C. H. Franklin; Pekoe, Lady Amateur; Aladdin, Blaster F. Bevilaqua; Abanazar, Mr. D. M. Ma gill; Widow Twankey, Mr. J. C. F. Johnson; Princess Badroulboudour, Mr. B. H. Friend; Slave of the Lamp, Mr. S. J. Whitmore; and the Genius of the Ring, Master W. Carr. As indicated in the prologue, the burlesque was acted on Thursday night for the second time. It was originally arranged for and played at the-reunion of the Register employes which took place a few weeks ago in White's Rooms. It was then so favourably received that " the management'' decided to repeat it for the benefit of the Children's Hospital. We must confess that, taken as a whole, the repetition of the performance was not equal to the original. The singing was again the chief defect, and the voices of some of the performers are' not strong enough for the stage. Still, with these two difficulties to contend against, the entertainment passed off well, and evidently to the great delight of the audience. There were a few hitehes apparently, though, of course; in the burlesque they would be little noticed by the uninitiated —excepting in one rather flagrant instance. The dancing, too, was not performed so regularly or with such grace—if grace be understood to form part of the actiug in a burlesque f —but in spite of all these minor failings we think the performers, considered as amateurs, did remarkably well; and there is great credit due to them for the amouht of time and trouble they must have expended in their preparatory rehearsals. Beginning with Sir. Johnson (who also acted as stage manager), we must say that his " make-up" as the Widow Twankey was excellent, and the vitality and humour he threw into his part were highly creditable to him as an old favourite in the amateur dramatic " line." He was several times loudly applauded; and what is more, he deserved it. Several floral offerings rewarded Master Bevilaqua for his clever interpretation of the character of Aladdin. To us, he did not seem so much .at home on the stage on Thursday last as on the previous occasion; and, moreover, his magnificent clear voice is now breaking, and it had very sensibly deteriorated since we last heard him. Had -we criticised his performances a month ago, we should have said that a better Aladdin could scarcely be found in any youth of his age in the colony, his enunciation being shrill, clear, and pleasant, his " make-up" very agreeable to_ the eye^nd his dancing^cting^ndsinging, especially the latter, being excellent, He is still a capital Aladdin, and all who saw him on,Thursday must have been delighted with his' performances. To. Mr. Magill was due ..a. great deal of the merriment heard on afche occasion, We are sorry that the wanti ; of aroaije .forjbids our reprinting some of bis highly amujsing local hits, which were profusely and skilnilly interwoyen with the text of the play. "Mr," Magill's conception of Abanazar was excellent, but his voice is not stiorg enough to be. heard throughout White's Rooics. Of the JVincess- ^jho.ullxmdoui- little need be said. ; -She (Mr. Friend, kept a perpetual smile upon her captivfttjfig'.(?) fade;. .and . tlie r bepeated applause which drowned her words when making loeal references were" the Ibest tribute ."that £oKtd be paid to her acting, • and • the e wift. and judgmeiit Of the ioteSrpol&tqr;, Mr. Magill. We : should not. forget to 'nfentiiM ,that :the Widow Twaiikey sang a song twrftten by hetself, and of course expressly for. the occasioftj" We have not space to criticise- individually the acting of the. other -members ;of- tihe.-i60mpany. Each of them-performed-- -his-- part—and the- lady .amateur, her part- especrallyi^with - considerable tact and skill, and with a degree of earnestness wluch at internals ",'bfougbtlflotrti the house." In conclusion we may add that a few new or •popular . songs., were 1 ; ihtrddiifced'' .dtirii®" the burlesque, including "Silvei* thneaahJunong the gold," admirably sungby>Mflsfcer Bevilaqua, and that " TheCur^! Wasr, parodied and sung as well as danced by " the company." The entertainment didn'^t close until 11 o'clock,-"the National Anthem then concluding a capital evening's amusement."' '"•''•'• A . rr^—-._> o — j , I)EPAlftCBB„'OF'|MK 1 ,Jl ; E;/DESn^TfeB^J.P„ FOB .Englanii.—About f)f. the . tnost influential .business . meh j|>?V PortJSjdelaide met at" the Ship Inn" on Thursday afternoo^,. ,Jautfary 4, to -bid fgtgrtell to Mr. J. E. Dempster, J.P., who is departing for England by the Ship Hisperufe'. ^Tbe Mayor of 'tHelPort, Mr. D; Bower, M.P., J.P., occupied •the'Bhair, and' was supported oil the- «ght by rt^jie guest, and on the left by the Hon. J. C. Bray, the"Attorney-General; Mr^'J.-M. Sinclair, M.P., JJP., was Vice-Chairman. - Wine havinglbeen handed round, the health of the Queen was drunk, and apologies 'for' &eir; tuttiSJoidable absence were read from • several'/gfettJlftmen, among whom was Mr; W. T6«nsendj M.P. 0 The Chairman; - in giving - the"; toast of—" The Goyei'iibr® said • th&y;'-.ftU• entertained; a verykindly feeling towawlf? 'His ^l&fceileney.; \- -"HHear, hear.) .The manner in whichjie hadj&edtfcted; the' State 1 " affairs : 'had' g$ep-gr^atX tion,' - ahd^he ' hoped' r tEsfr' -H&r; rai would, be as .raiScesS^ W'Ms'Setf V tion las he had-been in tbls-cblbny. >(A§felause.) Tlie Mayor next proposed "^he health of their esteemed - friend, MK /ISfeinpster.^ '^Cheers.) Their guest had been S nf 'rfie cbloijfy fo? a good many.years ; , fend a residfcnt oPPort Ad4lai3e for 17 years, during which' tiWfM liad yriilfccted his bueihessin ah'igUy-creditable tn an tier, which redounded tothe'horiOHTirf'theiprofession. (Hear, hear.) He^ need not dwell on Mr. Dempster's gentleinaniy r conduct, ' 'b&arHS;^thiiy Vere all perfectly Well' -aware ot it.' - (Hear, 1 fear.) He had taken an actives part-in'-political and all ma&ers; affecting thcwelfare of Port Adelaide, and life -iftB&fjjfie; ef -tte^ pEMam^thisy-aMad ill affordiwwaije from their imdsk ^Hear, hear.) At the sametitoehe had made T)ls4m.rk,and doubt- " Aid He thought Mr. Dempster's lataprs bigl atled liim to a holiday, and he was glad that ba was in a position to take one. (Cheete^)! Mr. Dempster, however,^woul^. leay^ fajs^busmess in the hands of his piartne^,; Mr/ Webb; find he trusted "that on his retyrii he .would; imePWerything in a prosperous state:' ^He was sififftHhey would join with Mm in : Wishing , their jjupst a pleasant Voyage to England and 'at 'speedy return to his family in good health."" (Apnjause.) The toast was drunk -with musical honoHjfe. Mr. Dempster, who was - received with cheering, thanked them for their" fondly expressions towards him. Reference "had been inade 'to his. long connection with Port Adelaide in jtbe^egal profession, and he might say'.that when'h<| first came to the Port it was very different to what it now was; indeed it *was a' miserable place, and it was just " tossup whether he would ^rqjptjse 4Jiere;j _ He began, and as years passed-away and he gained the' confidence of the citizens, h6 iopk to the , Port, and was very thankJul W had, with rpgard not only to a pecuniary position, but to the many friends Jie had .made,' as testified by the assembly that day. The piirpoM of his yifit to England was to repair. his ^health. Although he appeared robust and strong, yet Rafter many years' attention to bis profession h'e'ielt a little rusty, and he was making the'trip not only to benefit those whoni he bad to serve, but to return with renewed vigour. He believed he was leaving the country, not only with the good 1 feelings of the citizens, but with the sympathy of the legal profession. • (Hear, hear.) He had studied to maintain the honour of-tfae profession, and he was therefore much obliged lor the presence of the Attorney-General, as he negarded it as a proof of his success in that effort. (Hear, hear.) He intended to return to the. colony and live the remainder of his days at Port Adelaide. (Loud cheers.) Mr. J. M. Sinclair, M.P., J.P., also bore testimony to the];lively interest which Sir. Dempster bad taken in local affairs as well as in political matters for the benefit of Port Adelaide. Mr. A. P. Levi proposed "The health'of Lady Musgrave, Mis. Dempster, and the ladies of South Australia,^ in response to which Mr. Dempster stated that he had looked forward to a lonely voyage, bdt was nowglad that his daughter,Miss Dempster, would accompany him. Mr. Symon also responded, and referred to the high esteem in which the- guest was held by the members of the legal profession. Mi-. Wallace remarked that Mr. Dempster bad assisted him in his settlement about 18 months ago at the Port among: strangers, and 3H> one • would welcome his return more heartily than he would. (Cheers.) Tlie Hon. J. C. Bray, MJP., in proposing the health of the Chairman (the Mayer), referred to the pleasure he had in being present on the occasion. While he bad .sometimes pitied the obstinacy of Mr. Demp|ter for a client—(laughter)—he had always fotmd him fair and honourable as an opponent. (Applause.) The Chairman having responded, the assembly dispersed. • 