I THE SCULLERS' CHAMPIONSHIP. || I (from the Daily Telegraph, Vary 20s s j A more active and efficient agent even than Mr. Lord, of the Thames Conservancy, in clearing li) course between Putney and Mortlake yesterday after noon, was a tempest of rain and wind. The river IOJ lashed into an angry roar, and seemed as though it would vent his fury on the slender boats of the competing scullers. Many persons had assembled on the banks, for the morning was very fair of promise, and there was hope even in the keen, dry wind that accompanied a too early brightness and warmth of sunshine. But the mile race rule that swept the river and threatened to swamp the boats had a marvellously sudden effect in diiiiiiiinliing the crowd as well as a changing what was left of it into a black shining mass of umbrellas. Of the two men who met to try their strength in the scullers' race for the championship of England and £100, it is not necessary to say much, as their former achievements are in the memory of all who take an interest in aquatics. Jones Higgins is a Shadwell watermen, who, in the International Regatta, last October, was vanquished by the youthful Blackman, and Robert Watson Bop is a Tynesider, who in turn beat Blackman on his memorable occasion we have just referred to. Four steamers were chartered to accompany yesterdays race, and they were all crowded. The time appointed for the start was a quarter-past 2, but as usual it took place somewhat later, the word being given precisely at a quarter to 3. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attack of boils, tile betting had been strongly in favour of Higgins, the odds at an early period of the day being 2 to but as soon as the rough weather began to affect the state of the water, making it "J lumpy as it might have been at Blackwall, the differ ence gradually sank till in a few instances 11 to 10 was taken. Boyd was attended by Bagnall, and Rigg's by Diewitti and each man was cheered onstrippmSi though the appearance of Boyd was decidedly better than that of his opponent." A clear lead of two lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who non that moment held the race secure, leagues not having the ghost of a chance against him. To the Gates' head man the storm-troubled water was a pistol good luck, and the knowledge of this fact, indeed had completely changed the betting. Before fits Bishop's Walk was quite passed by the reading of his boat was four lengths ahead and he was sculling; easily at an increased distnnco-piobab!y-»t five of six lengths when going by the Crab Tree. Jligpn'i on the other hand, laboured hard, as the south westerly squall was rising to a dangerous fury. IJj? Soapworks were reached in 7 minutes 3 seconds of lloyd, and 7 minutes 17 seconds by Higgins; W Hammersmith Bridge in 8 minutes 45 seconds W? Boyd, and 8 minutes 50 seconds by Higgins,' SUITS nine seconds' difference might easily have been W' creased by Boyd had he thought it necessary to keep himself a little more. Sv I _ If I " J enervating one. had not a cause of anxiety dull "fm?nrSon&wm; th" perturbed condition of the IT "It va b" no means unlikely that accident might turn. the fortunes of the day, for a positive sea wllrumi.na',an.lthe frail craft were buffeting with acted waves that ever and iron hut them from At Still, it was far more probable that Higgins *y 111?, tim sufferer than that mischance should haulm level, for while the latter shot his boat, till rative steadiness through the foam I wins seemed all abroad, and was compelled, TX and again to stop, in order to right ht' town." well A Wo of at least 200, archways between the mci M Boyd went under Ws Bridge, and that he could have won by a quarter of a mile is undeniable, had not he judiciously Skencil race As it was, Higgins, who showed an utter inability to contend was through water, was about dirty lengths behind at the finish, Boyd winning in We minutes 21 MCOIIUS by Benson's chronograph a\ith die stakes of 200 and the scullers champion- ne " Bowd also took as a challenge trophy,. the hand !;T¡. cup given by the proprietors of a newcastle TI given likely that Boyd or Blackman may low Australia and there compete with Trickett, who Clune cash defeated Joseph Sadler for the Thames Championship but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgins 