TIIE NEW DISEASE IN VICTORIAN SIIEEl1.' Tim following is from an- iirtiolo on this subject in- tlio Medical Jlccord of SOlli Doecinbor Messrs. Graham, Mitchell, uml Park have undertaken n very unthankful task in atttoinptiiig to prove that tlio disenso which has swept otfovor n hundred thousand sheep in the Western districts of Victoria is con- tagious. These gentlemen. nro looked upon as alarmists, if notsoiijothing worse, for they have touched tlio squatters iu the only tender part of their frames — their lockets. Fortunately, tlio late rains mve filled tlio wnteHioles'— diluted tlio water in them— si! tliat' their cbutonts are a little less like dung paste,, but still dang predominates, but in tho slmpc of. a fluid very like green " pen soup. YYIiilo it remains in this stiito tliero is just, a chance" that there will not bo auotlicr outbreak. But if January and February, happen to be hot and 'dry, slieopowners. . will have to liuut their pookots a good. many times over to find oven, the ghost, of the smallest coin j et issuod by tlio Melbourne Mint to keep tlio devil from dancing in them. The ease, every one must admit, is a. linrd ono for the poor squatters. They have been innocently' crowding tea or even more sheep on an ucrc of land covered with four or five inches of dtmg — sown with rape because it grows quickly, and therefore it is profitable. The nnimals thus ovorfed, -inhaling tlio gas, from tlio manure, drinking liquid manure and getting no .exercise — it is not surpris ing, at least to any . one but squatters, that every day .from a dozen to to fifty of the very best of their shoup, worth from 15 to 25 guineas apiece, arc dead. With an eye to saving, tlio dead ones . nro skinned— no mailer whether those who doit become inocuin ted with the disease and die, or get erysipe las, boils, or . inflammation of the lymphatics, nnd thoso animals likely to live until tlioy can ho got to market, where they often . drop down dead, arc sent off to spread the disease, just the same as a patient suffering from fever spreads it to others. Tho disease, botli stockowners and stock inspectors say, is not contagious. If it is not. then puerperal, typhiod . and scarlet icvers, small-pox and a host of diseases de pending on blood- poisoning " are not." Blood taken from a licnltliy sheep can not produce blood-poisoning if injected immediately, hut if allowed to putrefy it would' act. differently. The blood from a fluky animal would be even less liable than tlmt from n healthy one to produce fever, for it is thin and pule, and the red corpuscles do hot present inoro thiin a shade of pink oil their outer margins ; the bile is thin aud watery, and the liver colls are small, and tilled with transparent granules; This is quite different to what is ob served in animals which die from blood- poisoning,' tho result of tlio injection of poisoned blood.. Tlio blood is dark- colored, nnd white corpuscles are more numerous than in ' health nnd the red are irregular iu shape, with fibrinous, deposits between them, , showing the in-, flunimutory nature of the disease, . This so- called " new disease " evidently con sists in an inflammatory : state of tlio blood, produced by high .feeding, nda want of exercise,' thou the introduction of tlio germs of l'dver from other sheep, or bad water;; . - 