[?] V Time i» out of joint' with the drnmatio produotions of Shukspeure, luutoad of wit nessing tho plays of tho Swan of Avou, the majority, of tho Jinglioh- apeftking , public find more pleasure in . nny oouUovevBy au to whether tho worka credited to him did not (nuiin ft-Am 4.1m liviiiti nf Wnit.nv* ftfiiniMi tw Lord Verulam, 'whether lfftinlot was mad or not ; or even if, according ro aFronoh com* nio'ntator, tho wordu, 'Oh that this too solid iloah would nielfc,' did not provo him to bea wort of middlcngo Uanting, Hufi'oriug from melanoholia on aooouut of hiainoroau ing obotufcy. . Nowadays Sualcapaaro will not go down without the adjuuot of uoiuo now utar supponod to bv in (V puuitiou from diligent study to givo novel reading* of tho original text. Now rcailingu, no mntlor how devoid thoy bo of uouao, nro all tho rage. Intelligibility inuutyjold tho pluuo to. novelty, and ountouj pale before tho rculdcso goniii« of etar intorprotor« of Shaknnoare, The deep thought dovotod to the siibjoot of tho roailing of SbnUiipoaro will at oboo bo patent whou it ia stated that ' Thoro is a divinity ihad Shapes our ends rough; how them a« w« wlU,** bai boon glvoa an tho oorroot roiidlug ot (1m paiaage, and that llainlot'a famous soHloqiiy ©light to bo rcn derod, ' To bo , or not to . bo. That io tho rmontlori, whether 'tis noWor iu (b« iniud V Buffor,' &c;, feq. Although Shakaponre hnai boon ousted by the doggrol rhyino3, vapid locals and tho ' legs' of tnodorn burlesque and tho BmaTt roparteo of eociety playB, every actor who wishes to bo thought a retry avis amougat his fellows feelo that it is in, 1 cumbent upon him to givo his interprets, j tions of tho hard to the public, and that tho | hall mark of hishrionic talent is wanting | until ho baa appeared as the unhappy Prince a of Denmark. It is tho Elysium o{ I each and all of tho profession, to I don tho sables of Hamlet, and ono and 1 all, from tho lending gcutloman to tho | general utility-man, share the belief that if | they only had' tho opportunity they could do 1 great things with the part and obtain fame 1 and* nflluouoo at a single jump. Thejao few i remarks have been suggested by the appear, p auco of Mr. Daiupicr as Hamlet at tho | Theatre Royal. A few months ngo Mr. I Dampior waB known as an intelligent stock 1 actor, who, without very much versatility, I was able to play many part3 respectably, i Mr. Dampier, tired of dull routine, and tired, I no doubt, with a laudable ambition, doter. I mined to seek fresh fields and pastures now, m and before doing so appeared in Melbourne ip as Hamlefc, and a respectable conventional p Hamlet it was. Mr. Dampier has travelled, m and reappears as a star, and as Hamlet 1 at the same time, and his impersonation now k will not compare favorably with his previous :. delineation of tho character. He, too, haa S been bitten by the mania of new readings, '?, and has sought to become a master in the - school of Fechtor aud poor Montgomery. , Without inquiring into the motives of Ham. lot's wayward fancies aud eccentric bearing, it is clear that he was a- courtier and a scholar, swayed by' an inordinate love and reverence for his dead father, profound hatred ' and fear of his ' incestuous' unole, and ardent affection for the ill-fated Ophelia. These feelings must be expressed in modu« i lated accents of love, scorn and distrust'. '? At the outset Mr. Dampier is at a'disadvanfc. : age. His voice is iiillexi hie, his declamation \ isin monotono, and he is, therefore^ deb&rred; - from doveiopiug that inteijse depth of feeling, ?those utterances of passion and scorn that ? tho part demands. It may bo argued thut ho j is natural, and' prefers colloquial calmness to 1 stage; rant... There is a. wide differencd : ?between fervor- Jind rant, and surely j ? it is ibufc ' natural .to breathe forth love in . 'fer.vi'd strains, and to denounce sinandcrima :- in forcible. accents,, just as it would bo un- .; ,uafcur«l.to taunt his unnatural uncle or pom '\ forth his grief for his father's death in the ™ same tones as .one vould ask n serving man for sherry or beg a light for a cigar from a :, .pausing straugeiv Ou-his appearance on the '} stage Mr. Dampier, who adopted the flaxen ?,?; wig jtvst introduced by Fechter, was greeted '.} with 'suchya'hearty burst of applause as afc ?-; once put him en rapport with his audience. ! ! His delivery of the line, 'I'm too much in |^ the sun,' was s'poil'ed by. the shrill tone iu W which it was uttered. 'Oh that this too l-j Bolid ilosh would melt,' was a specimen of ti riioriatbnoiis' declamation, j'giveu without a f duV regard to punctiiabion, while ' Frailty ! I thy noiueiB wouiau,' was hurled rather as a I -:demmoiation- at the whole of the tender sex I than deliv.ei'cd as a conclusion to which cir. I cumBtancea had forced liini. '; When told 1 that his father's, ghost walked the battle- | inonts hereviuoed.no ourprise, aud .when aa .Bured of. theioofc by. Horatio! and MaE.eellua, . 'tho'wqrdsj 'Indeed, indeedj good ''sirs ; buti this ' trbubles'- ine,' were spoken With' n serenity ithafc. betokoned: a mind thafc was not-. disturbed,,., by the unnatural occurrence. .' Unhand me, gentlemen.! ' was I was ; prononuob^ in' tones loud 'enough' to I liavc'- brought all tho p&laoe; guards upon I thetn, unless ;they slept^ upon the ; wtttch,- and I :to,,re.ach even the cars of his 'uncle', in tho I 'inicist of a ba'rouae. ' ' Oh,, my prophetic ao'ul ! I -iny un'dlo '!?' indicated a mixture of .' surpriso I and aibillaub.hatr.ed racier, than the veriiica- I ?tioQ of Hanjlet'a. already half-formed SU3« I pjcioii', On' tho departure of the ghost Air. I ;J)aihpi6r falls prostrate upoii the ground as I if striuk'ou with suddeu paralysis. He re- I iviveB almost .instautancouBly and spoaka a I few aontquces iu, a leamubent position aud I rjhiekly vegaihahis pristine vhtov. ' AVhy ho I sbonld do thiu is not;' easy to Be .'understood, I uiilcas it is asauiued thut! words culling ou I his siqews to resume their ofiice warrants it. I In the SQCond aob, vvuon UBked by Poloniua I what he is reading, Mr. Dampier,' before I roplyiiig '.Slander, -tears tho loaf out of tlio I booU',- an notion not in accord with Ham- I IcVb nppfociation of literature. The words, I ' nor woman either,'1 wcro Bpokon in quick I BiiccoRtiioa Uftor : ' Man delights me not,' I nnd' before ho had time to. note th0 8McoanHo I amilo supposed to atoul over thq fouturea of I 'his'; hearer's.'' That glorious cbrnpoBttiou I bo'inmenoing, ' What a pieco of ; work is I man,' was spoiled by the railroad speed at I whioh it was uttmul; and tho upeooh begin- I ning, 'A dull and muddy mettled rasoal,' I was owing to tho same cause inoffootivu. I Mr. Dampior gn,vo a now reading of tho passage— ?? The play; tho play's the thing wherein I'll catch tho coubuiouco of tho King,' by substituting 'tbia king' for ' tho king,' pointing at tho same timo to tho wingii, and then tmuming a studied pose of doop reflection. Ho may have uomo war ranty for thiu substituliou, but ovou if ho it neither adds force nor elegance to tho toxt. la tho play ucono ho failed to exhibit an in- I toneo aiixioty togloau from tho features of his undo tho conlirmution of tho ghoob'a talo of fratrioidu, whilo tho -words, *' I'll tako tho ghoit's word for atliouantid' worottttured its i( llanilot wero boohing a bob on tho Molbourno Out). Tho sontonou upokon to Cluildonstom nmt Uoaouorau*/., whou thoyinolTeotuftlly try to worm thetnoolvoa into llainlot's oonliaouuo —'You oau pet nlo,.yot you cauuot pl»y unou mo'-— wftodolivorod with good dfoot;. T)io Booiu) in the Quooti'a uhaiubor w»u not devoid of merit. Mr. Dumpier throw somo pathos into bin ontroatioa to hiu mother to lot tho memory of his doad father put uu and to hor uiumtuml nlliauoo with King Olaudine, mid hiu nuDiiinptiou of awo aud to voronoo nt tho oluht of tho ghost wm natural and avtwtio. Tho jjravoyurd soone woh wouk, \ aud tho fouoiii[{ bout iu tho luut act wus minorftblo Iu tho exlroiau. It is a»louiahing that, autbru aapiring to fnuto will hot take tlio trouble to lewu thoao no* altionv of foot aud bands without wbw ' feuoing leoomos only an awkward ,oxm» ? tlon, Taken 'm » whole, Mv, pswpw' Hainlot did uofc ootne up to tho oxpooUtlous whivh-thi glowing ftooounts of himuocjM in Sydney led tlio public to Muumo. »'? liiwronce, wtho King, was uonty w w« extreme. I Hia attempt to case his conscience jjy prayer was ineffective, and ho mado such short shrift that hie orisous woro over bo foro they had scarce begun. In the hands of Mr. O'Brien Polonius was mado a sort of clotard courtier, lacking that Chestorfioldian demeanor that portains to his office. Mr. Har Bvood's Ghost was the beat played part in fclio piece. Ilo was impreosivo, and his elocution was all that could be wished. As JjBortoB Mr, Holloway woe otiltod in the extreme. The role of Horatio, which is identified with tho name of Mr, Gladstone, svas, on account of that gentleman's sick ness, undertaken by Mr. Taylor, who per formed it with some amount of credit. Mr, '^.pploton doubled tho parts of the First Actor and Oaric. His declamation as tho former lacked fire, but as the court fop ho played well. Mias Docy Stewart spoke tho swords allotted to Ophelia naturally, and Mrs. Bryer nianuged not to offend a.3 the I Quocn— -a part, of course, for which she is [ in no wise suited. I Mr. Dampier has also appeared as Narcisso in tho play of the same name. Tho sumo faults were noticeable as in his Hamlet. There was a want of pathos in emotional por tions of the part, with an occasional hyper bole of vehemence that partook of the Surrey B:.do of tho Thames flavor. To- night will bo given Kotzebue's Stranger. At the Prince of Wales Opera House Offenbach's Mudame L'Archiduc ha3 been jjroducedu The plot is something akin to that of the Mock Duke. A certain Count Castelardo conspires against a potentate of fche Monaco or Liuhtenstein stamp. His conspiracy is discovered, aud an order for the arrest of himself and his wife is issued. By moans of a bribe Marietta and Geletti, servants at an inn, are prevailed upon to assume the characters of the Count and Countess. On being brought beforo the . Archduke that nobleman becomes enamored of Marietta, pardons the supposed culprits and finally abdicates, making Marietta the sovereign ruler of his State. The mock duchess commits all sorts of extravagances, aud just when the confusion has reached its height and the archducal treasury is nearly empty^ the real Count and Countess appear pn the scene, are pardoned, and the Archduke resumes the reins of govern ment, and Marietta and Geletti. retire fco enjoy connubial bliss in their native vil lage. The music is Offenbach all over, and although there are but few taking melodies one or two of the concerted numbers are full of harmony. Miss Catherine Lewis. as Ma i rietta played with spirit. Rustic archness \ was well assumed, and her attempts at dig ] nity as the mock Countess and Archduchess \ prere amusing The by-play to the song 'He \ waa a Little Man' gave evidence of her ca ?, pabiliUes as an actress. As i Geletti Mr. Bracy j lias hut little to do, but does that little in / iiis nsual quiet and gentlemanly style. Mr. i Templeton plays the Count, and Miss Wool 1 dridge tho email part of the Countess. As f the Archduke Mr. Leopold succeeds in ex citing the laughter of the audience. He also played the role of the landlord of the village inn. Miss Lambert dressed the part of the Captain of tho Guard well, and threw rather more spirit than usual into her acting. In the musical portion of the part she is at times faulty. Tho four Conspirators were played by Messrs. Trevarrah, G. A. John boh, Farley and W. Johnson. This opera boivffo is well put upon the ata^e, and taste has bcenjexercisedintheselection of costumes. The uniform of the guard is particularly Btriking, and that of the other soldiery is ap propriate. The libretto has been furnished from the French by Mr. Fred Lystor, who has performed his task with that skill whioh custom haa rendered easy to him. Mr. W. S. Lyster haa mado arrange I meats with Mr. Levy, tho colobrated cornot coloiat, to appoar at the Opera House on Mon. day', in conjunction with tho Opora Bouffo Company. Mr. Levy will be accompanied by a full orchestra, increased espeoialty for [ this engagement, undor tho couduotorship I 0l8ignor Alberto Zulman. I At the Acadomy of Music, Tom Taylor's [ drama, Tho Ticket of Lcavo Man, haa drawn I good houses. Mr. Walton haa added to hia I roputation aa an actor by his impersonation of Bob Brierly. He dressed the part well, aud his Lnuoashire dialect was perfect. This gontloman pays great attention to detail, as lva8. dovolopod in tho short cropped light wig' ho donned on being liberated from Port laud jprieou, in contrast to tho ? curly I Buporfluity of hair ho woro when I Booing lifo bofoio ho got into difficulty. | 3cm Dalton, alias tho Tiger, in tho hands of I ftlr. Thome, was a masterly performance. | Ufa make up as tho city innn when trying to j pass tho forgod bills was excellent, and ho dissembled his voioo so cleverly that for a conuidorablo timo ho managed to dcooive tho Riullouco as to hia identity. As tho truculent villiiiu of tho Bill Sykea typo in tho last act ho was equally Bucoesaful. Ah Hiuvkahawo, tho dotectivo, Mr. Boothmnu who. tamo. »|einbora of tho forco are not jnvon to a . didnotio stylo of utterance, aiul do not as a tulo indulgo in molo-driunatio notion. His fliaguiao as Ginger, tho Cianeor, was Rmgularly inefl'uotivo, mid thus tho boouo whpro ho disolosea himself to «Worly waa apoilod. Mr, Wnllaoo waa not *t homo au Moltor Moas. and his iuiporooua tiou of tho oharaotor lacked thouo ouliout wuolioa which Mr. Ihmvood puts to U. Mr, Savillo played Gibson, tho will brokor, quietly, but hiu make up waa J»ot oxftotly that of tho city buuinoaa num. [ j»roeu Jonoa in tho haudu of Mr. llvdos was ! j'Wubrioiisly jouulnr, and partook uoino jjunig of Our Mr. .loukinn, after ho had itakoa to following tho ' ohophord.' j, ° Kftrrulouu Mrs. Willoughby, as por *ormoa by Rlra. Fitzwillinui, uuourod tho BPl-mu80 of tho audience. This laily ia Bwadily incronuing in public favor, aud oho, without a doubt, duaorvoa to ilo so. Miss '*'lor& . Anutoad doaorvea orodit for hor noting M May KdwardH ; nnd ua tho cood-for* «othiug Sam Willouuhby, who likoa tho l^fooU RW\ atrong tobaooo, Mlsa L. lMxon »-Mo (julto u hit. Sho wmi fast, without ''?''fi vulgar, jmil iioomod to buvo inado & ,J'wy of tho Kouua larriklu. Kiaily 8t. Evro. jjjjoud wfta ulayod by Minn Joiisio ttroy ; and *;«??. I)ttulola mado a buttling Maltby. Tho -V ooo In vroll mounted, tho aoono o( tho Dollo. frivod d?Utt ljolMB mo8b oir°oWvt)Iy oou* BnIJrti?J\IMld G»'»t«» **?» boon nlao pro. JS''-? Wfty .V° ??»' th»* tl»° I'oriortnunoo of about three years ago to . introduoo it to the Molbourno stage.' Mr. Walton could with reason exclaim that Pygmalion was not. in his linp. Mr. Thorno, as Ohrysos, failed to reproduce the unctuous vulgarity of one of the wealthy lowor orders of the period; while Mrs. Lewis was tho Galatoa of tho author. One of Heinrich Zschokko'eoharmingGerman tales, adapted as a one act comedy, has boon performed undor tho name of tho Crown Prince, or Tho Buckle of Diamonds. Mr. Hydea, as tho night watchman who, for an hour, assumed tho part of tho Crown Prince, is afforded tho opportunity of exhibiting hia talents as a comic actor. To-night the Marble Heart will be performed. ; The concert by tho members of Lazar'a Onera Company took place last evening, at the Town Hall. There was a good attend ance, and those present testified their appre. ciatioQ of the efforts of the singers by loud applause. The length of the conceit, aud consequently tho late hour at which it ter. minated, precludes any notice in detail of the multifarious selections of which it consisted. Tho U. S. Minstrels close a successful season at St. George's Hall this week. Op Monday will commence the English opera season of the Simonsen troupe. The first opera to be performed is Satanella, and it will be followed by Martha. Several com., positions new to Melbourne are promised by the management. On Wednesday, W. S. Gilbert's poetic drama, Pygmalian and Gala tea, was produced. Mr. Wilson has erected a spacious tent on the vacant piece of ground in LoiiBdale street, formerly occupied by Chiarini, and he opened his circus entertainment on Satur day night. The weather has militated much against the attendance, but the nightly audienceshave been pleased with the entertain ment. The ridiug is good, and the sagacity of the horses put through their facings by Mr. Omar Kingsley has incited the usual admiration ; while the antics of the mule Barney are provocation of mirth. The tumbling is one of the features of the perform ance. The Alia California states that Horace and Alice Dunning Lingard have arrived from New Zealand. Their success in the colonies was verj' great with the comedy of Our Boys. They netted £4000 as their share. They will remain in the United States about six months, and then proceed to England, returning to Australia in about a year and a half. Mr. G. R. Irelandhas become a stock actor, at the Standard Theatre, Shoreditch. Miss Alice May and Henry Halkm have lately been playing together in opera, in the provinces. Mrs. Herman Vezin (Mrs. Chas. Young) haa announced her last appearance in Lon don prior to her departure for Australia. Mr. Creswick has also announced his inten tion of paying the Australian colonies a pro fessional visit. 