HORACE GREELY AND BRIG HAM YOUNG. THE MORMON LEADER'S VIEWS. Horace Grooley's noted interview with Brigham Young was reported by himself as follow*. It took place in 1858, when Mr. Greeley was 011 his way to California. It will bo seon that Young's replies give, in a con densed form, the teachings of the Mormon i Church:— My friend, Dr. Bornhisel, M.C., took me this afternoon, by appointment, to meet Brigham Young, President of tho Mormon Church, who had expressed a willingness to receive me at 2 p. 111. We wore very cordially welcomed at the door by the President, who led us into tho second-story parlor of the largest of his houses (he has three), where I was introduced to Hober C. Kimball, Gen. Wells, Gen. Forgusuon, Albert Oarrington, Elias Smith, and several other leading men in tho church, with two full-grown sons of tho President. After some unimportant conver sation, on general topics, I stated kthat I had come in quest of fuller knowledge respecting the doctrines and polity of the Mormon Church, and would like to ask some questions bearing diroctly 011 these, if there were no objection. President Young, avowing his willingness to respond to all pertinent in traiiy-as'fuiiow:— H. G.—Am 1 to regard Mormonism (so called) as a new religion, or as simply a new development of Christianity? B. Y. —We hold that there can be no true Christian Church without a priesthood directly commissioned by and in immediate communication with tho Son of God aud Saviour of mankind. Such a church is that of tho Latter-Day Saints, called by their enemies Mormons. We know no other that even pretends to hare present and direct revelations of God's will. H. G.—Then I am to understand that you regard all other churches professing to be Christian as the church of Homo regards all churches not in communion with itsolf—as schismatic, heretical, and out of the way of salvation? B. Y.—Yes, substantially. II. G.—Apart from this, in what respect do your doctrines differ essentially from those of our orthodox Protostant Churches—the Baptist or Methodist, for example? B Y.—We hold the doctrines of Chris tianity as revealed in the Old and Now Tes taments, also in the Book of Mormon, which toaches the same cardinal truths, and those only. H. G.—Do you believe in the doctrine of tho Trinity? B. Y.—We do ; but not exactly as it is held by other churches. Wo believes in tho Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, as aqual, but not identical—not as ana porson (being.) Wo believe in all the Bibla toaches on thi» subject. H. G.—Do you believe in a personal Devil, a distinct, conscious, spiritual boing, whoso nature and acts are essentially malignant and evil? B. Y.—We do. H. G.—Do you hold the doctrine of eternal punishment? B. Y.—We do ; though perhaps not exactly as other churchoa do. We believe it as tho Bible toaches it. H. G.—I understand that you regard bap tism by immersion as essentials B. Y.—We do. H. G.—Do you practice infant baptism? B. Y.—No. H. G.—Do you make removal to these valleys obligatory on your convorts? B. Y. —They would consider themselves greatly aggrieved if they woro not invited hither. We hold to such a gathering together of God's people as the Bible foretells, and that this is the place, and now is the time appointed for its consummation. H. G.—The predictions to which you rofes have usually, I think, been understood to in dicate Jerusalem (or Judea) as-, tho place of such gathering? B. Y. Yes, for tho Jews ; not for others. H. G.—What is the position of your church with respcct to slavery? B. Y.—Wo consider it of Divine institu tion, and not to bo abolished until the curse pronounced on Ham shall have beon removed from his descendants. H. G.—Are any alarm now held in this Territory? B. Y.—there are. H. G.—Do your territorial laws uphold slavery? B. Y.—Those Iarrs are printed—you can read for yourself. If slaves are brought hero by those who owned thorn in the States, we do not favor their escape from the service of those owners. H. G.—Am I to infer that Utah, if admit ted as a member of the Federal Union, will bo a slave State? B. Y.—No ; she will be • a free State. Slavery hero would pn>TO useless and unpro fitable. I regard it generally as a curse to tho masters. I myself hire many laborers, and pay them fair wages ; I could not afford to own them. I can do better than subject myself to an obligation to foed and clothe their families, to provide and care for them in sickness and health. Utah is not adapted to slave labor. H. G.—Let me now be enlightened with regard more especially to your church polity. I understand that you require each member to pay over one-tenth of all he produces or earns to th« church. B. Y.—That is a requirement of our faith. There is no compulsion as to tho payment. Each member acta in the promises according to his pleasure, under the dictates of his own conscience. H. G.—What is done with the proceeds of of this tithing? B. Y.—Part of it is devoted to building \ temples and other places of worship ; part to helping the poor and needy converts on their way to this country; aud the largest por tion to the support of the poor among the Saints. H. G.—Is none of it paid to bishops and other dignitaries of the church 1 B. Y.—Not one penny. No bishop, no elder, no deacon, or other church officor, re ceives any compensation for his official ser vices. A bishop is often required to put his hand in his own pocket, and provide there from for the poor of his charge ; but he never receives anything for hi3 services. H. G.—How then do your ministers live ? B. Y.—By the iabor of their own hands, like the first apostles. Every bishop, every elder, may be daily seen at work in the field or the shop, like his neighbors ; every minis ter of the church has his poorer calling, by which he earns the bread of his family; he who cannot or will not do tho church's work ■for nothing is not wanted in her service; even our lawyers (pointing to Gen. Ferguson and another present,) who are the regular lawj-ers of the church are paid nothing for their ser vices ; 1 am tho only person in the church who has not a regular calling apart from the church's service, and I never recoived one farthing from her treasury; if I obtain anything from the tithing-houso, I am charged with and pay for it, jusi as any ore olso would ; tho clcrks in the tithing-store, aro paid like othor clerks, but no one i3 ever paid for any service pertaining to the ministry. We think a man who cannot make his living aside from the ministry of Christ unsuited to that oflico. 1 am called rich, and consider myself worth 250,000; dols. but no dollar of it was ever paid me by the church, or for any service rs a minister of the evarlasting gospel. I lost nearly all I had when we were broken up in Missouri, and driven from that State. I was nearly stripped again when Joseph Smith was murdered, and wo wero driven from Illinois; but nothing was over made up to me by tho church, nor by any one. I believe I know how to acquiro property, and how to take caro of it. H. G.—Can you gire me any rational ex planation of tho aversion and hatred with which your people are generally regarded by those among whom they havo lived, and with whom they have been brought directly in contact ? B. Y.—No other explanation than is af forded by tho crucifixion of Christ and the kindred treatment of God's ministers, prophets and saints in all ages. H. G.—I know that a new sect is always descried and traduced; that it is hardly ever deemed respectable to belong to one; that the Baptists, Quakers, Methodists, Universalists, &c.;, havo each in their turn been regarded, in the infaucy of their sect, as the offescour ing of tho earth; yet I cannot remember that either of them wero ever generally repre sented and regarded by tba older sects of their early days, as thieves, robbers, mur derers. B. Y.—If you will consult tho contempor ary Jewish accounts of tho life and acts of Jesus Christ, you will find that Ho and His disciplos wero accused of every abominablo deod and purpose, robbery and murder in cluded. Such a work is still extant and may be found by those who seek it. H. G.—What do you say of tho so-called Danites, or destroying Augels, belonging to your church i B. Y.— What do yuu say 1 I know of no such band, no such persons or organization. I hear of them only in tho slanders of our enemies. H. G.—With regard, then, to the grave question on which his doctrines and practices aro avowedly at war with those of the Christian world—that of a plurality of wives —is tho system of your church acceptable to the majority of its women ! B. Y.—They could not be more averse to it than I was when it was first revealed to me as the Divine will. I think they generally accept it, as I do, as the will o£ God. H. G.—How general is polygamy among you 1 B. Y.—I could not say. Some of those present (heads of the Church) havo oach not one wife; others have more; each determines what is his individual duty. H. G.—What is the largest number of wives belonging to any one man 1 B. Y.—1 have fifteen; I know no one who has more; but soma of those scaled to me are old ladies whom I regard rather as mothers than wives, but whom I have taken home to H. G.—Does not the Apostle Paul <-\j that a bishop should bo husband of one wife 1 B. Y.—So wo hold. We do not regard any but a married man has fitted for the office of bishop. But the Apostle does not forbid a bishop having more wires than one. H. G.—Does not Christ say that ho who puts away his wife, or marrries ouo whom anothor has put away, commits adultery ! B. Y.—Yes, and I hold that noman should ever put away a wifo except for adultery— not always oven for that. Such is my in dividual view of the matter. I do not al ways say that wives havo never beon put away in our church, but that I do not ap prove of their practice. H. . G.—How do yon rogard what is commonly termed the Christian Sabbath ? B. Y,—As a divinely appointed day of rest. We enjoin all to rest from secular i labor on that day. Wo would have no man I enslaved to the Sabbath, but wo enjoin all ! to respect and enjoy it. bune. -N. V. Weekly Tri 