A Schnupper Excursion. BT HEU SPINNER, [From the Gentleman's Magazine.) DOWN in Moreton Buy, on tho ocean sido of the island, there lie at high water, just visible above the breakers, a group of rocks which aro at onco the dread of marmora and the delight of deep-sea fishermen. Brisbano has not many oxeitemouts to offer to the sojournor within its gates. The iuhabitauts apparently oxhaust alii thoir enterprise iu mouey-making. It ia almost incredible that the metropolis of a thriving nnd wealthy colony has no theatre better than a small music-hull, aud thnt thoro are no othor regular nmuseineuts than the performances of nn ama tour Musical Union, whoso concerts, oxcollent though thoy bo, aro few und far botvvoen. Butt let it not bo supposod that tho Brisbanians mako tho fatal orror of adopting the policy of " All work and no play." Itecieation, however, runs a good deal in the direction of out-of-door pur BtiitB, in which tho Indies, it is snd to reflect, can havo littlo, if auy, share. Ono such favorite amusement, is a Bchuupper party at tho Flat Rock, which rock is tho chief membor of that brown-headed family of crags standing immov- able in the restless sea. Wo start for the Flat Rock early on tho aftor-. noon of a glorious QueeUBlund winter dny. It is tho kind of day when a mau must indeed be bad in mind and body not to feel that, spite of hard times, it ia something after all to bo alive ; sonto-, thing to posscsB lungs thnt will drink deep, draughts of an exhilarating atmosphere. Thor truo type of u Queensland whiter day is a keon, morning, that smellsof frost but bites not; a cloud- less eight hours of warm suushiuu, n ladiaut undi rapid siinsot over purple- tinted mountains and woods, and, with eventide, a return of the scenti and feoling of incipient frost. I am particular. in calling attention to the loveliness of tho day upon which wo start, because b}-uud-by I shalli have the opportunity of reading my home friend» -friends who borato the changeable English, climuto-somewhat of a sermon. We start, therefore, in the loveliest of weather« The white p.iiut of the housea-und m Queens land the hot summer is favorable t* a immensu eonsumption of whito paint-¡B >»ight ns the light, mid tho dingiest gum-tree, jntued in tho universal efulgeuuu, becomes v jost n thing of beauty. The grassy heights t_i undergrowth» th it dot thuin, the feuced-ii. allotments whose sward lias never yet lieuu .ipturned, the land under cultivation, the patches of untouched bush, the clumps of banana around the cottages or largo suburban residuuee«, the numerous reuolues in tlu river with their profusion of hill uud wood-nil these, with other features of what, in ina previous ni tide, I have described as a. re- markably pretty river, ou such a day look-tiuiir bent, and are freshly welcome*, though to must of the party they havo been for yeara familiar enough. , The Kate, which, it must be stated, is tho-solo representative of the Queensland navy, is *,¡iíeHy little paddlo-wheel boat, but uothiug, like BO largo as one of the Citizen steamers plying ou the Thames. Her chief employment is the couvoy. anco of the mails from the Buy to, the- G .Torn meut wharf in Brisbane ; but she ia,in._dilitiou, ii maid-uf-ull-wnik for the Ministry. Sometimes the Government uro persuaded ¡uto lmiding her for pleasure trips. A number of members of the Legislature, wishing to throw aside the fatiguing cares of Parliament, coax the Colonull Secretary into loudiug her for a fishing excursion, at Flat Hock, or u trip to the marino villages-- embryo watering-placea around the mainland! shores of Moleton Bay. To their credit, the Government «lo not restrict their complni8iiuee.to.the repre- sentativos of tho people, who hav« generally more or less a direct influence over thurn. The civil servants every now aud then humbly- petition for the loan of tho Kato, and so mu. oanfully work the orallo that the precious boon is graciously granted. Thoro is no fiahiiiggenemlly thofhwbnight. Flat Kock ia sixty miles aud more from» Brisbane, uud, with darkness setting in by si_ o'clock, it is as much aa wo cm do to reach Amity, Point in time to enst anchor for the night. TJto oxcursir*ii!stH in the comfortable saloon well l_,ow how to Bpond a pleasant evening ; curds, aunversatiou, mid books-but chiefly cards-holp. to pass away the time, This feature of the e_mr»ion must needs be mentioned, for it is to immy a much more important élément in tbo proceedings of a schnapper pal ty than nutunl fishing. The schnap- per is, iu fact, by soiau uuule tho excuse fur a water picnic. Quito legitimate, too. Hence, after our loton), one of the fishermen is asked whether it has been a successful expedition. " Moderately so," ho iiiplies, thinking only of the sport. " Ha ! ha I" the otiwr rejoins, " only modo ratcly so t Then who. wero the catering conv* mittee !" I daresay my reade» will, with a smile, call lo mind certain expeditions on the Timme*,, where the most serious consideration of the day was tbo am.mut of bottled beer and sandwiches stowed nu ay in the punt. Soou after casting anchor we discharge » few rockets and burn blue lights, a bit of pleasantry on our part that is at once answered by shouts of tippliuiHo anil lnughtur fiom the shore. Amity Point is inhabited by blacks, who assist in the oyster and dugong fishery, conducted there by a Brisbane firm ; and our pyrotechnic display up pears to hnvo brought them out of their bark huts, mid down to the beach. Half a dozen of us accordingly go ashore* in the captain's gig to procure whnt is vory prncticully the sinews of war for the coming campaign-to wit, baits : to seo the blacks around their own camp-fires ; aud to enjoy a quiet stroll upon the white saud undor the Southern Cross (a miserable fraud us u show coustellatlun, and not to be mentioned in tho snuio breath with our clent ly defined, mid chaste Great Boar), and tho wondul ful stars of tho anti- podean hemisphere. The uboriginos who live upon thu island aro botter than tlie vagabond specimens of theirriice who, iu search of rum, prowl about tho streets of Brisbane duy after day, but even they do not give you a fair notion of the Australiau abori- ginal as ho is seen far away in the interior. As with the Red Indiau» of North America, so with the blacks of Australia, a little civilisation too often is a dangerous thing. Howorer, we are curried through tho surf at Amity Point on the shoulders of good-humored natives, whose whiteteetb literally gleam through the darkness- when no other part of their faces can bo seen. One or two- of them I notice gibbering rather than talking, A young, un- dressed gentleman, in a well- intended effort to light us through1 the tall rauk grass covering the low sand-hills, throws tho burning braud about in a decidedly reckless- fashion, and sets fire to the drier patches in several places. Around a camp firo that binées merrily, and casts far and near weird shadows that would assuredly have set Salvator Rosa's rapid' pencil in motion, crouoh a couple of mon motionless as statues, and per- fectly nude. They Bib on tho ground, with their knees brought sharply up-to support the olbows, which in their turn uphold tho hands ou which the head rests ; and the position, strange as the statement may appoar, is-not without its graceful picturesquonesa. An ordinary skin must have been scorched in such close proximity to tho ruddy logs of ironbark, and ordiuary eyes would havo boen blinded by the smoko. But the hides of our sable friends are successfully burned by long oxposurc, and their visualorgaiiB oresmoke dried. To dismiss theso representativos- of tho Amity Point Bavago once for all, they are far gono in intoxication. Wo aftorwards discovor that a pnrty of thom have been to Brisbane in a handsome boat named tho Charles Dicken», to »ttond the funeral of a friend, and'have returned in tho condition in which wo find them; The huts iu which the Amity Piiint-blhok»live are domç-shapod structures of Btr' igy> bnrk> susy to build, warm in cold and'cool in briglri'weacher, and ornamented inside with some pretensions-to civilisation. Wo are cordially welcomed into>otie hut by the chief lady of tho establishment, who introduces a couple of young black women " gins " in colonial parlance-as her nieces. Theso ladies aro decently dressod, and the youngorrdnos, for aborigines, aro not ill-favored. ] The most intelligent of these two eau Bpeak. oxcellent English, and her manners even im a white girl would be called " pretty." A few pictures from The Illustrated London Ntwi'anA Graphie are pasted over the flleeping-plaoes, and> (human uaturo for ever I) tho hut is not without a looking-glass. We might prolong our stay, and enjoy our seat on the odgo of the truoklo bed, woro WO not driven into a hurried rotroat by au attack upon our lower limbs. I ouco saw an exhibition' in Regent-street, the object of which was to prövo that tho domestic flea could be trained to useful purposes. Tho proprietor of the menagorio, Ii remomber, harnessed a team of lieos to a tiny carriage, and put them through a variety of (as- tonishing performances. If that ingenious gentío man should bo now alive, in tho flea business,'and Bhort of stock, ho may, at a nominal cost, re- plenish his exhausted stud at Amity Point;, Austral hemisphere, not far from lat. 27°, long. 151°. As wo aro disembarking, other members of the native colony return from sea in their boat, with' n fine cargo of oysters, and I will do them the jiustico to confess that they regard the vagaries of their inebriated brethren with looks of in- effable contempt, although when, later on, they row us on board in a orauky whale-boat, which i nearly capsizes us into tim shark-haunted waters, they aro not at all backward in asking for rum. These blacks appear to bo happy and coutouted, but no Btudent of the race requires to bo told that nothing eau keep them long in steady occu- pation, or wearing tho appearance of civilisation. One of the naked fellows crouchiug by the fire was iu youth educated by the missionaries, and placed in a Melbourne family as groom. For a. whilehe was proud of hislivory and promised well, but, liko all tho blacks upon whom similar ox perimonts havo boen tried, ho one dayulisap penrcd without a sign, wan-lirod back again to. his tribo, and hero in his old ago wo find bim in the inexpousivo garb of nature. More singular than this is tho prononce among-it tho aborigines somewhoro hereabouts, and living IIB one of them, of on Englishman, a goutleman born and bred, a. member of a uoblo family, once a student at Oxford. Ho has his own hut, and comes forward to rocoivo visitors who land at tho placo with all tho ease of a person used to good society, but in tho simple and sole costumo of a straw hut, short1 Garibaldi shirt fastened round the waist with a leather Btrap, and-oh I hoar it not iu Pall.Mill -an oye-glaBB ! Another educated English gentleman, also of high position, has lived with', the blacks for ton yoain, in the Batno way adopt- 'jjm ing their habits without reserve. The manager of the fishery comes on boardi bo later in the evening to tell us that a young ', ¡ni diigoughaBJUBtbocucApttircd,aiid strnightwayan. llc| enthusiastic few scramble over the Kate's sido, , tli «nd repair a second time on shore to BOO the H¡n- ¡ Bu| gular oroature, out of whoso kindred, norna of th theso days, goodly fortunes will bo made. Thero it lies upon tho beach, a young fornido calf, i ,h, weighing about 2 cwt, 'and the color, BO far. as 'pi I can observe it in tho glare of half a dozen lire- fa Hti'-ks, dark-brown. The dugong is .becoming ufi butter known every year, but hitherto tho »it- fi« tempts to turn it into a remunerate commercial1 th channel have not been so successful as they must be when adequate capital is put ¡uto i thoroughly equipped fishery. I SOÍKO tho opportunity to ex- f" amble tho process (conducted, however, on a m limited scale) by which the dugong capturad in til this part of Moreton Hay are turned to account. ti First comes the conversion of tho fat into oil. Bl I am grateful to nay that cod-liver oil has-nevur beon a prescribed portion of my regimen, hub thero eau bo no doubt in the world itliai fino dugong oil posseses all tho therapeutic qiudituw of that ficsh-rastoror without the unpleasant 0| smell and taste dreaded by so many invalid». it Tho flesh I can vouch for as being excelleut. I j, havo tasted the bacon, and it is white, suuoulent, ti and clean-Uavored-an good, in fact, on onocoidd ]) wish to have it. Another description of the ], meat, eaton cold, might pass for a .eros», between pressed beef and ox tongue. On boardlthe Kate, the day after our vi»it to the recotitly-captured calf, we partook of a dÏBhof dugong .«uUota which would have satisfied an epicure, and wore-actually declared by some to be very tender- and nicely cooked filet de bau/. The hides appear to be iii valuablo ; tho leathor is of excellent quality, and more than an inch thick. What will machinists say to that ?, Dugong aro now principally taken in a not with- immensely wide meshes* The nets are laid in subterraneous thoroughfares through which tho experienced fishermcuiikliowtt tho crea- tures will pass on their search for marine grasses; the animai becomes entangled, .struggle» himself into inestancable toils, lind,.being unable to rise to the supfneo to breathe, drowns, The dugong is woll namod the sea-cow,, for its head is not unlike that of a polled bullock, though its nose is considerably broader, aud furnished with a squiira terminal by which, it may discover and crop.tiwi herbago of the marino pastures to which it flocks. The body rougly resembles that of a gigantic seal, and dugoug are- sometimes taken weighing a ton and a quartos. Now let us return to our party on boord tho dainty Kate, Wo sloop, somo on deck, sotno fcolow in the saloon, somo in tho hold ; and though under tho sunshine wa might dispense with any d-Heriptiun of coat,, at midnight the thickest Ulster or pilot jacket is not too heavy. At six n the morning thero aro «¡gnu of movement on board ; the early sportsmen aro preparing for action. Day is waiting the signal to rush im- petuously upon the heels of night, and in these latitudes night has to hu pretty sharp if it would clear away before- tho full-orbed »nu is closo upon it. On this particular morning thora is no sun ; a steely-blue cloud-fabric VOÜB the blushes of dawn, and boorishly curtains off the expected brightness. The Koto, ouco out of tho shelter of Amity Point, proves herself a remarkably frisky lasa, much given tu dancing to the piping of tho wind, and familiarly reflponsivo to uny wave that chooses to flourish its arms arouud her waist. Then it begins to rain, and tho sea begins to rise, and tho prophets begin to prognosticate un unpleasant day, and we oro, in short, doomed to fishing uuder considerable difficulties, The dangerous natur« of tho ocean bed at Flat Bock renders it iuipoBsible to uuohor near tho fishiug-ground ; the Kate, as fast as she ia brought near the desired spots, drifts buck again, and, as tho fish are only to be had near tho rocks, the moral enforced upon us is that wo must make tho most of our time. And this is how wo do it. Each man takes up a position, and olinga to it. At his feet, aud, if ho be a deft fisherman, dis- posed so that there sholl bo novar a hitoh, lies coiled his line, thirty fathoms long if it is to be of any service, about tho thickness of a load pencil, and weighted with three ogg.ahapod pieces of lead, each a pound in weight, and so bored that the Uno will run freely through it. The hook is a trifle, but not much, smaller than a young meat-hook, and it is best to have it at- tached with a length of overgrown gimp, orthree pieces of ordinary gimp twisted. The bait ia a, lump of fish or meat tho size of a walnut. Slowly tho steamer advances to the charge until yow can. hear the gieeu water streaming off tho rocks. Look well' to tho thick leather gloves on your hand, else presently your finger will pay the penalty. It is comical to aeo twenty gentlemen, cabinet ministers and what not, waiting at the I bulwarks, line in hand, in all kinds of expectant [ attitudes, eager to heavo tho tackle overboard' the moment tho way of the stopped steamer slackens. With splash and about at length twenty' heavily-weighted lines aro speeding through the beautifully clear dopthss-ytwonty lines racing through finger and thumb at a rate th.it renders cither a glove 07 a canvas sheath an absoluto necessity. Do your best in ten minutes, for no longer can wo remain in sueh dangerous neigh bin hood. What ÎB that ? Forward there is a loud and long-sustained rub-o-dnb on tho dock. Is it a heavy-footed) man dancing a breakdown ? Nay, it is the firs!) schnapper announcing Ina release from the nasty, wet, salt sea, and herald- ing Ina kith aud kin, BO that within a couplo of minutes the entire dock echoe» with tho rub-a dub of fresh arrivals. It isscnrcoly sport ;it isnoxi door to slaughter. Alas ! and is ono como to thin ?' On this day twelvemonth I scored tho bosb trouting afternoon iu my life, all fish artistically enright with deli- cate implements in a clsar- runniug stream ; and here I am hauling up from tho bottom, 180 feet down, a burden which taxes all' my strength, and , makes the perspiration ooze from every poro. Yet it is grand fun for a> whiles. Tho fish bite fast and furious. Bang, bang, bang-f Thora is no mistake above about the bitor and no mistake below about tho strike. Haul, iaul, hanl 1 the line throwing out coruscations. o{ silver in its rapid ascent. Soon your oyo disoeruB, fathoms deep, an almost impalpabib flashing/ to and fro, as if a large dish were gyrating ia. on eddy ; it assumes ii lovely pink huo a» you bring it nearer , the Btirfuco, and then, in a twinkling, a burly schnapper of seven or eight' pouixÎB ÍB< dancing vigorously mid noisily on dook. Sometimes it is a tosh at every haul ; and, under thoso circum- stances, not tbo least amusing feature of the sport is the Bpectaclo of a score of excited men jumping around a acoro of big fish» which' are doing their beat to convey their nmaeement and indignation to an unfoaling world. The schnapper ja{ Uko nearijr all tho fishes o£ those wntors, beautifully tinted, and tho prevail iugcoloria roso pink, speckled with turramia« bluo. ft ia a. thick, brood-sided follow, a* if originally in tended for ono of tho bream itribe. Hilo rosem- . blanao to tho bream, however, .ooasoj at the top of the shoulders, whoro thoro i» a bouy hump, and a Bhurply sloping, undulating ridge of bono down to the mouth, which is horny and wall fur- nished with tooth. You deposit your gomo, not in the familiar oreel, but in a sack bug, knowing full well that at the wharf at Brisbane by- arad-by there will bo au astonishing number of aoquniut niloc«, wh» happen to be passing-jpst by acci- dent of cunno-and whowill somehow \«Uk away with ii braco of fish dangling from a bit of spun yarn. The Bohuappor is, in fact, cxonllout eat- ing. It do«s not como amis»-in- any alivio boiled and served with caper sauce, fined with egg and bread crumb, soused, aadj bettor stall, og mayonuaise. The boat of schnapper.fishing.il thabyouikave o(D contented. It is ii.ard work\; the fish, ninga between tWe and twelve pounds ; it will bo a very biul visit indeed to tho Flab Rook, ii you do nob get your ton or a dozen schuappers. Ono of our party h.is fivo-aud-twouty-much moro than ho omi carry. My own modest " swag '" of eighty pounds or thereabouts I undi quito sufficient lioforo I cast tho burden off my shoulders. Our Hulling Insta not moro than two hours, and a lnrgtt portion of that time is occupied al steam- ing, after tho drifts, up to the rock, again. Yet wo rotuin with 250 schnapper on board, Itosidea other liah, makiug a total weight of not much lebs than 2000 pounds. And oVorybody nondolea with mo that my first schnapper oxoursion haB not boon (xorticularly successful. It ia- no un ouinmoii thing for 000 lurso schnappac to bo bikini ou ono uf thuso excursions. It is not, however, sahuauuor nlon* that wo hike. At one of our halts wo oatch a very strange collection of fish indeed. First, there are three varieties of the parrot-fish, shaped somewhat like a carp, colored a brilliant scarlot, and armed with 'lour ivory tooth, protruding, like a rabbit's. A small fish, the exact imago otu thick-(lot trout in bodily form, and ubout hain a pound in woight, falls to my sharo. How it could havi takou the schnapper hook is a mystery to thia ¿Jay ; but tlioro it is in tho Brisbano Museuiay admirably set up and preserved, and taking ita pfiwe amongst tho natural history curiopitios, with, its. acientifio name, and my own nama as tho distinguished donor, duly set forth im intolligiblo' characters. The iiah is designated. " Diacop» oetolineata, family Peresidei." Tho. solora fado- somewhat aftor death, but I maka- a memocaxudum with (why fingers, before it gives up tho ghost, and thus it runs : " In shc^io not unlike a Wandle trout ; fins and tail bright gamboge ; bolly ditto with vermilion spots ; sides bright yellow, with four lateral atrlpea of bright blue.-rows of tur- quoise on cloth of giddi" A kiig-ßsh is also -,, taken, a bluo and whita gentleman, apparently of ' the bonito perauusion. A perch, own brother in . shape to our Englishi friend of that ilk, only a , magnificent vermilion with blozk spots, ia an-, other celebrity. Two. or three metallic-colored,.I fellows' havo no iiuiußj, so far as 1 can find out. During the last half-hour we have a succession,, ' of Burpri'os, A siomber of Parliament calls ,, lustily for help, and no rush to, his aid. Ho has ., hooked a shark, lind after a tremendous tussle tho beast is lauded by means oi a couple of boat-, hooks thrust into- ¡ia carcass. It is about 5 feet long, and as it b**rayg au uneasy conscience, and ,j is far too lively te- bo safe, it is conciliated with a well-sharpened axe. Auotber member of the Legislative Assembly, not to. be outdono, acts up , a wild hullabaloo; he too, so he avers, has a shark. ' . It is not for mt, of course, io contradict on,,old colonist, and a gentleman moreover wl\9,,writ*8 " M.L.A. after h» name, but I know that itiia not a shark. You ean seo it ia a big fish, -jevejthe- . loan ; there ore Htrong men (all Benatoreyçngaged* in bringing it in, but instead of dartirg^awiftly hither and thithor, it cornea up a dead waight, ne.,, moro Uko the »hark than the chub Js, like the piko. Its Bhecr woight unfortunately .»ayers the line, and there aro throe blank lamenting faces, near the spouson, and general luughtvr frpin the, reat of tho company. Tho lion of thu collection, however,, ia rt»k,Qm, by not only a M.L.A., but an honor¡»bJqcabiqetk ministor, now in England : to Lie, lot falls a, groper of sixty poundB wcigtit.* 1\ is, a kind of rock coil, with dark-brown leather Bkin, aqtljtre-. mendous hoad and mouth, undi it« bohaviqut while on it« journey from the t-wquil cavoa of: deep ocean to tho upper air convinces niq that »b waa a gropor also which tho hcnfirublo memher lost near the sponson. Tho Bij^y-poundor does, not show an ounce of pluck f ros, first to last, buk allows itself to bo hauled in asif.it woroiitaiatov againat whioh it were usóles*, to contundí; and. the only protest it makes on,deok. is to Jipen lia jaws, but in a manner moro iudicativa-of. au ill mannered gape than a docijUd exhibition,.of de lluuoe. I do not hositato to repeat,, that thia groper is distinguished b$ ita larg» mouth : a inodiutn-sized portmaute mi xnigh* bo, stowed away in it without the slightest incenvinionce to the fish. After the engagement is over, tho combátante olear the docks, remove tho slain, put Wfiy *"?"* weapons, and rosumo tile attitiUos and pursuits of poace. So, as the engines aro thumping at full Bpeed, like steeds who amjll tim stable afar off, wo gather togothor our Bpail, string thom on all manner of belayiog-pins, rails,, and ntanchious; while buckets of waiter BOOH, make the decks look a littlo less like shambles, and moro likola very modest mombor of her Majesty's ftoot. Wo oro very tired and very satisfied. Our shoulders acho and our fingors smart i but there are piles .mil Btrings oí fish decorating the ship foro and aft, and wo light our pipes and Bprawl luxuri- ously about, watching tho sunset, and pondering dreamily about nothing iu particular, as beacon, aftor beacon is passed, aud tho familiar landmarks lessou tho distauoo from homo, '^he groiitj awk- ward pelican» riso from the boacon-poste and sail through tho air shorowards ; they ar» ftaher mon too, and thoy, Uko ourselves, have don« their day's work and are thluking ».bout thrir noats, _ à I Brisbane lUnr. 