[?] CURIOSITIES OF COKONA TIONS. Although our apecifio object is to give a familiar account of the more or leas remark able events whioh have taken place at, or in connection with, the individual coronations of English sovereign?, it may be as well to perface it with a fow remarks on the arrange ments attending their coronations in general, as a little light will thereby be thrown on some of the expressions met with further on. During tho times of the. Plant agenets and the Tudors, and with the Stuarts until the corona tions of James II., it was the custom for the sovereign to take up his residence in the' Tower of London for a short period, previous to the day of the coronation. On the Satur day preceding that, ceremony, he went in procession from 'Westminster to the Tower of London, on which occasion he was ac companied by large numbers of the nobility and civio dignitaries, and also by those equires upon whom the honour of knight* hood was to be conferred. Each of the latter (who watched their arms that, night) had a room assigned to him, and a bath in which to bathe, and knighthood followed the next day after mass. The queens who reigned in their own rights, Mary and Elizabeth, al though thoy condescended to gird the swords on their knights with their own hiuds, did not give the actual accolade or blow (some authorities gather from .tho deriva tion of this word, ad and collum, that an embrace was originally giveu) which is the determined action that impresses the charao* ter of knighthood. At both of these corona* tions this office wns performed by Henry, Earl of Arundel, and a copy' of his appoint- j ment may bo found in Kyiner's works, Commencing with the reign of William the Conqueror, we will now proceed to note those coronations at which something out of the common has occurred, and the crown* ing of the Noraiau king furnishes us with the first anecdote. When. William had taken the , coronation oath to protect the Church, prohibit oppression, and execute judgment in meroy, Archbishop Aldred put the question to the people, 'Will yo have this prince to be your king?' They . replied with loud shouts of asaent, and the uproar thus created, led the Norman soldiery to believe .that the English had revolted; whereupon, without waiting to make the least - investigation into the matter, they immediately set the neighbouring houses on firo. Tho flames gave rise to a general alarm, andagreut part of the congregation hastened out of the church ; the English endeavouring to atay the progress of the fire, and the Norians seizing the opportunity to plunder The bishops aud others taking part in the ceremony, who remained within the church, /Were thrown into such a state of confusion that they were barely able to go through the ollice of crowning the king/ William per-' coivmg the tumult, and not being able to conjecture its- cause, was naturally muoh perplexed, and sat trembling before the altar. No great amount of damage was dono by the ' ^conflagration, but It sewed the aeeda of » long and bitter enmity botween tho Normans and tho English. Stephen's coronation, seeing that he had 1 previously sworn allegiance to the Empress Matilda, was viewed with a considerable, amount of anxiety and ouriosity ; for in those days it waa coinmouly belioviid that' the* punishment of perjury wns viaiblo aud immediate. William, Archbishop of Canter bury, performed the ceremony, and it is stated that a violent storm arose, throwing the assembled party into such diro confusion that the consecrated wafer fell to the ground, the kiss of peace was omitted, and the final benediction of the archbishop altogether forgotten,. The coronation festivities of' Richard I. iudirectly gave riBe to a sanguinary and disgraceful riot. A large nnmber of Jews had come to England duriug the. previous reign, where they were allowed to lire in peace by that, liberal and enlightened monarch Henry II. Naturally grateful that such an unusual favour should be accorded them, they met together in London for the purpose, of subscribing amongst themselves in order to present Richard with a valuable gift on the ocotiaion of his coronation. Unfortunately for thflga'. Richard was weak enough to listeu | to some - of the bigots by whom he was surrounded, who assured him that the Jews were in the habit of practising their mngio arts on kings during the time of their coronation ; and the result was the issue of an edict strictly prohibiting * any Israelite from being present during the ceremony i or making an appearance at the royal palace during the subsequent coronation banquet.- Howevor, more curiouB than prudent, a goodly number of Jews mingled with the crowd that gathered round the palace gates ; and one of tbein, attempt ing to force his way in, received a blow in the face from an over-zealous Christian. Thhr was quite sufficient to arouse the fanaticism of the mob, and a general attack .was at once .com menced upon the Jews, who fled with all speed towards the ,city. Some miscreants; only too glad of the opportunity for plunder, spread a rumour that Richard had given orders that the unbelieving Jews should be exterminated, and as such an order was by no means unlikoly when the king was a crusader, it waa soon implicitly believed. The London mob, aided by the people who had arrived from the country, proceeded to ; attack the houses of the Jews *, but the in-. mates .defended their habitations with-much cnuraoer and the assault proved abortive. Finding that they could not gain admittance' to the houaes, the. populace threw brands aud torches through the windows and oh to the roofs, with the result that confutations burst forth in all directions, consuming a large number of houses, .both Jewish and Christian. Tae king ordered the apprehension of the ringleaders, and they were hanged, as a salutary warning to others ; and after this the Jews were taken uuder royal protection. The only memorable event attending the corouation of John was the speech of Hubert, Archbishop of Canterbury, which -was as follows: 'Hear all men! It is well known to your wisdom that no man hath any right of succession to this crown, unless he be elected for his own merits by the unanimous consent of the kingdom, with invocation of the Holy Ghost, after the manner and similitude of Saul, whom God set over His chosen people, though he was neither the son of & king, nor sprung of a royal line; and in like' manner after him, David, tho son of Jesse : the former because he was brave, and suited to the royal dignity, the latter because he was I humble and pious. So that he whojurpaeseB all within, the realm in fituess for royalty, should preside over all in dignity andjpower. But if any one of the family of the ^ceased sovereign should excel others, his election should be the more readily and cheerfully conceded. Wherefore, as our late sovereign Richard died without issue -of ;his body, and .as his brother Earl John, nowpresent, is wi6e, brave, and manifestly noble, we/ having reBpect both to his merits and bis royal blood, unanimously, and with, one accord; elect 'him to be our sovereign.'* ' Subsequent events proved that Johu was not quite such an estimable personage as this speech would lead us to believe. Henry III. was crowned at Winchester, in 1210, London being in the possession of -the French Priuce Louis. He was compelled by the Papal legate to do homage to the Holy Roman Church and Pope Innocent for his' Kingdom of England and Ireland,' and to bind himself by oath to pay nn annual tribute of ](J00 marks to the Papal ( See. / Hia queen Eleanor was crowned in 1286, and Holinshed gives the following account of the ceremony : — ' At the solemnitie of this feast aud corouation of the quene, all the high peerea of the realm, both spirituall and temporall were present, there to exercise their offices as to them appertained. The citizens of London were there in great arraie. bearing afore hir in solemn wise three hundred and three Bcore. cups of gold and silver, in token that they ought to wait upon hir oup. Archbishop of Canterburie (according to his dutie) crowned hir, the Bishop of London assisting him as his deacon. The citizens of London served out wine to everie one in great plentie. The feast was plentiful!, so that nothing wanted that could be wished. Moreover in Tothillfields roiall justes were holden by the space of eight daies together. Of the ooronation of Edward I. the same chronicler remarks :— 41 At this coronation were present Alexander King of Scots, and John Ertrle of Bretaine, with their wives that were Bisters to King Edward. The King of Scots did homaue unto King Edward for the : real me of Scotland, in like manner as other the Kings of Scotland 'before him had doone to other Kings of England, ancestoures to this King Edward. At the solemnitie of this coronation there were let go at liberty (catoh them that catch might) five hundred great horsses by the King of Scots, the Earles of Cornewall, GloceBter, Pembroke, Warren, nnd others, as they were alighted fro their backs.' Au enormous crowd gathered to witness the coronation of Edward II., and we are iu formed that ' there was Buch preese and throng at this coronation, , that a knight, called Sir ; John Bdkewell, was thrust or crowded to death.' The bishops did not fare much better, and they were forced to hurry through the service in a very slovenly and disorderly manner. A very curious medal was struck on the occasion of the coronation of Edward III.: on one side it bore tho effigy of the young prince, crowned, placing his eceptre on a heap of hearts, with the motto, Populodaljuravolenti (He gives laws to a willing people) : and the reverse represented a hand held . out to . save a falling crowu, with the motto, Non ragit, sed recipit (He seizes not, but receives). - The coronation of Richard II.' surpassed iu magnificence any of the preceding, and the usual processiou from the Tower to West minster is thus described : -(The citie was adornedinallsortsmostrioblie. The watercon duita ran with wine for the space of three hours ogether. In the upper endjof Choape was a certain castell, made with foura towers ; out of the which castell, on two aides of it, rati forth wine abundantly. In the towerB were placed foure beautiful virgins, of stature and age like to tho king, apparelled in white vestures, in every tower one, the whioh blew in the king,s face, at his approaching heero to them, loaves of gold ; and ad he approached also they threw on him and his horsse counter* feit florena of gold. When he waa ! come before the ca&tell; they tookd cups of gold, and, filling them with wine at the spouts of the castell, presented the same to the king and j to his nobles. On the top betwixt the' foure j towers, stood a golden angell, holding a crownein his hands, which was so contrived I that when the king came ho bowed downe, I and'offered to him the crowne. In the midst ! of the king's pallace was a . marble pillar, raised hollow upon steps, on. the top whereof was .a great. gilt eagle placed, under whose feet in .the chapiter of the pillar, divers kinds of wines came gushing forth at fot're several places all the daie long, neither was anie; forbidden to receive the same, were he never: so poor or ablest.' t. Henry IV. waa orowneel by Archbishop Fitzalan on the 13th of October, 1300, tho ampulla being firwt employed on this occasion. Tite procession was unusually splendid, aud Froissart gives the following interesting account of it : — M The Duke of Lancniter left the Tower this Sunday after dinner, on hia rtituni to Westminster ; he was bare*headed, and bad round his neck the Order of the King of Frauco. Tho Prince of Wales, six dukeH, hSx earls, eighteen barons, accompanicd him, and there wore rf knights and other nobility from eight to nine hundred horse in the procession. Ho passed through the streets of London, which wero all . handsomely decorated with tapestries and other rich hangings ; there were nine fountains in Choapside and other streets he passed through that ran perpetually with white and red wines. The whole cavalcade amounted to six thousand horse, that escorted the duke from the Tower to Westminster.' The coronation of Henry VII. was not characterised by anything special, but that of his queen, Elizabeth, in 1487, was remark able on accouut of the procession by water i from the palace «f Greenwich to the Tower, inte&d; of from Westminster as usual. One of th o processional bargas carried an extraordinary figure in the shape of a monstrous red dragon, from the mouth of whioh Btroama of firegushed out into the river. Bluff King Hal may be passed over with the remark that his coronation was cele brated with brilliant ' justs and tournies,' which tbat monarch and his queen viewed from ' a faire house covered with tapeatrie.' Of Edward VI., Holinahed informs ub : ** He rode through London into Westminster with as grddt roialtie as might be .... . As he passed on the south part of Paule*B Churchyard, an Argosine came from .the battlements of Paule'a Church upon a cable, being made fast to an anchor by the Deane'e gate, lying .on , hia -breast, aiding himself neither with hand nor foot, and after ascended -to -the-v middest of the cable, where he tumbled aiji^ played many pretty toies, 'whereat the 'king and the nobles had great pastime.' When at the coronation the three swords typical of theT three kingdoms were brought to be borne before him, Edward re marked that there was yet one wanting, and called for. the bible. ' That,' said he, ' is the sword of the Spirit, and ought in all right to govern us, who use these for the people's eafety.-by. God's appointment. Without that sword' wei- are nothing: we can do nothiDg. From that we ar6 what we are this day. . . . we receive whatsoever it is that wo at this presentdo assuizie. . Under that we ought tolive. to fight, to govern:the people, and to perform all our affairs.' Prom that alone we obtain ail'power, virtue,- prace, salvation, and what , soever, tve have of Divine strength.' Mary was the first female sovereign of this i country, .and she was orowned on the 1st I Octobor, 1553. The Arohbishops of Canter bury and York both being prisoners in the Tower, the oeremony was performed Ify G.ardiner, Bishop of Winchester. As usual, St. Paul's Cathedral made a considerable show on the day of the procession, , and amongst the ourioas sights to be witnessed was ' one Peter, a Dutchman, that stood on the weather-oock of Paule'a steeple, holding a streamer in his hand of five yards long, and waiving thereof, stood sometimes on the one foot and shook the other, and then kneeled on his kuees, to the great marvell of all poople. Ho iiad made two BoaffoldB under him, oue abont the orosse, having torches and streamers Bet on it, and another over the ball of the orosse, likewise Bet with streamers and torohes, which, oould not I burn, the wind was so great. The said Peter ! had sixteen pounds, thirteen shillings, four pen8e for hiB costes, and paines, and all his rstuffe.' It is said that Queen Elizabeth composed the following prayer as she went to her cornonation : — O Lord Almightie and ever lasting Godj LgiveThee most hearty thanks thatThouhast'beene so mercifull unto mo as. to'spare me to behold this foifull daie. And I acknowledge that Thou hast dealt wonder fullie and-iasjmercifullie with me a3 Thou didst ^with* Thy true and faithfuil servant Daniell, Thy prophet,' whom Thou deli veredst out the den from the crueltie of the greedy and roaring lions. Even bo j was I overwhelmed, and only by Thee de- i livered. , To Thee, therefore, onelie be i thanks, honour and praise, for ever. Amen.'* ' ? James I. superintended the arrangements for his own 'coronation, wherein he dis played many marks of the pedantry and extravagance which formed so prominent a feature in his character. ;He created two earls, ten barons, b ixty ^t. wo 1 Knights of the Bath, and conferred the honour of knight hood on no less than four hundred gentle men. Hia successor, the ill-fated Charles I., was crowned twice — in 1626,in.England, and in 1633 in Scotland. The Presbyterians having invited Charles II. to Scotland, he wag-crowned' at Scone, January 1, 1651. A very extraordinary sermon was preached on this occasion by ' Master RobeVt Dowglas, minister at Edinburgh, Moderator of the General Assembly, from 2 Kings xi., verses 12 — 16.° He delivered a bitter philippic against the parents of the young king, and went so far as to compare hia mother to the wicked Athaliah. After the ceremony waa concluded ' the minister spoke to him a word of exhortation,' being, in fact, an oration of considerable length. The only iuoident worthy of note in con nection with the coronation of James II. is that, on the king's return from the Abbey, the orown tottered upon his head, and would have fallen oil had it not been for the timely aid of the Honourable Henry Sidney, who hastened to support it, saying, This is not the first time our family have supported the orown 1' - At the coronation of William aud Mary, tho Bishop of London officiated instead of the' Archbishop of Canterbury; the latter objeoting to place the crown upon the head of sovereigns who claimed it by a parlia mentary title, and not by hereditary descent. This was the first occasion on whioh both king and queen were'erowned as sovereigns. Anne's ooronation was a very prosaic nffair, and the actual kiss of peace was only given by her Majesty to the arohbishop and .other prelates. George I. was not acquainted with the English language, and very few of those near.him knew anything of German ; . the ceremonies attending his ooronation had, therefore, to be explained to him, through tho mediurii of suoh -Latin as those around him could muster. This oiroamstance gave rise to a jest whioh was very popular for some time afterwards,- to the eileot that muoh bad language had passedbetween the king and his ministers on the day of ooronation. Nothing ocourred at the coronation of i George II. and his queen Caroline to give any i variety or intereBt to the soene ; but a curious j anecdote exists concerning that of his suo- i cessor, George III. We give an extraot from I the ' Gentleman's Magazine' for 1704, whioh | contains the co'py of a letter addressed to the Duke of Devonshire ' The Young Pretender himself was in Westminster Hull daring the ooronation, and in town two or three days before and [after it, nnder the name of Mr. Brown. A gentleman told me so, who saw him thero, and who whispered in his. ear, 4 Your Royal Highness is the last, of all, jnortals whom -I should expeot to see here.' 1 It wa? curiosity that led me,' Baid the other, j / but I assure you,' added he, ' that the person ; who is the causo of all this pomp and mag nificence is the. man I: envy the least j1' When, tho gauntlet, was cast down by the champion for the last time, a white glove fell from onq of the spectators, who was in an elevated position. This waB duly handed to the champion, whp demanded to know 41 who was hiB fair foe?'; It is said that the glove was thrown -down by. the 7oung Chevalier, who was present in feminine attire. 1 In oonolhdicig this paper there remains ono wish^o be uttered-— it is that many years may pass away before the oooasion ariieB for our obroniolerB to busy themselves with the par ticulars of yet another orowning I , . The BibthpiiAoh of Falsh Eefobtb,— Canard von Castlo. 