ON THINGS IN GENERAL. By Jim. The following lines are thoroughly original, and are intended to pourtray the wife of a drunken husband ; but whether I've succeeded or not, I leave to my readers ; — Far advanced was the night, When like some earthly sprite, I drew near to a light, That flickered in a cot hard by. O'er the fireplace, sat a human being, Endeav'ring some warmth to obtain, But all before her looked blackish and cold, Her sighs were heavy, as heavy as gold, And cheerless she sreme I, As th' light faintly gleamed O'er her face. She, with mental pain Was racked : her life fast away was fleeing. Her garments were scanty ; wretchedly thin, Murky, damp, and gelid, the place ; She clasped her cold bauds and earnestly prayed, I Her child might be spared, tho'low she'd be laid, And asked that it's life Slight free be from Btrife, Sans-souci it might run its race. Then she coughed ! terribly hollow within ! I Dejected, pitiless, she looked around, Then looked at the clock on' the shelf, And then from her eye, there trickled a tear That conrsed o'er her cheek, fiavescent and sere. Her hands she wrung then, And coughed onoe again. At last she dozed off. P'raps of pelf Dream't, or p'raps of poverty ; vilest hound ! But why sat she here ? Why not go to bed ? 'Twas 'cause she was frightened by threats, Thus she sat waiting, forlorn ! sore at heart j Till at last clicked the gate; this made her start. She went to the door j To let in the boar. I For sickerf he grants, when he greets, Then direful vengeance, he vows on her head. Oh, potuleDt cur ! the curse of thy home, Look at thy child and thy dear wife. Accursed drink leave off; happy make them both ; Clothes they want for warmth, and food for sooth. Thy wife, love and praise ; Thus lengthen her days. Reflect, ponder o'er thy past life ; " Strike now, or else the iron cools," be your gnome ! Hearing there was a dancing assembly held fortnightly in one of our halls, I lately visited it. to see if any of the objectionable features I have often read of as being prevalent in similar gatherings in the city were to be seen here. Entering the room, I found about twenty couples— judging from ocular demon stration all youths and maidens, engaged in a dance to the strains of a violin, and the whole of them neatly, but not gaudily attired. The whole time I was present the affair was conducted wMi the utmost decorum, and the unanimity of the whole was marked. As far as I could judge, all seemed respectable young people, and not a single one exhibited the .Victorian's characteristic — fastness.. I was pleased to find this; for if any conducted themselves in a boisterous or vulgar manner, when all combined for an evening's amuse ment, what could be expected from any of them outside. I should think that this class of amusement — though not intellectual- ought to tend to improve the social scale of the respective members; but whether it does or not I'm not in a position to say. However, of the assembly itself, I can safely say it is conducted, in as respectable a manner as 'tis possible for anyone, however punctilious, to expect. Receiving a bill for an amount, whether small or 1 rge, which one has already paid and been unscrnpulous enough to fail getting a receipt, is just the thing I fancy to fetch " a fallow neat." Well, I was the subject for one of these freaks lately, and I congratulate the chap who, with such nettled sharpness, was sonsy enough to make me " dub " oat twice. A short time ago I purchased a few things off this cove, and paid him cash on the nail ; when lo ! and behold ! I lately re ceived a piece of paper stating that I was in debted to the man (whose name was on the paper) to the sum of I4s 6d. I looked rather vacant when I received it, and Suae said, I " What on earth is the matter, James ! Have you gone clean crazy?" I replied, "No I have not gone crazy, but here's this chap sent in a bill which you remember I told you I I paid. Here, old womau, go and pay him, and we'll ' out sticks,' as you call it, with him." She did not look mnch like an Oread when I told her this. However, she soon prepared herself, and marched out vowing I vengeance on the oily-tongued chap's head. When she returned I asked her the result of the interview, and she gave the following : — I I said " Goodday. I see you've troubled yourself to send (us in a bill for a small sum which we've already paid. However, here's the money and just receipt this, and let us have none of your prating." The cove, she said, did so, and then rubbing his hands, said, " Ah, Mrs — I'm exceedingly sorry yau should think we've committed an error, but I'm sure all will he settled now. Allow me the extreme pleasure of showing you some new things ; they're really charm ing." " Oh, don't trouble yourself," said Suse. " Oh, I can assure you it's not the slightest trouble at all, and Suse said, "I then gave him one of those looks." By Jove! I smiled. Dear readers, you don't know what that last sentence of hers means, but I do. I'll lay that fellow felt about as uneasy as ever he did. I'll guarantee he was fairly knocked. I'm pretty used to them myself, but I can't stand them, so I don't know how theslutter-de- gulliontaxei. HoweYer, to come to the point — I always endeavor to have some point in what I write — I would recommend all persons never to pay the smallest sum without getting the receiver's name for it. Some people now-a- days are not too proud to charge you two or three times over, so always substantiate yourself with a small receipt, and it will perhaps save you lots of trouble and unpleasantness. 1 was never more pleased than I was last Sunday afternoon when, on walking along one of our main streets, at the time the Sunday , schools were coming out, to see the cheerful ' and pleasing faces of all the children that came out of one of the schools. What was the cause of their cheerfulness ? It was this, that . each and everyone carried a little book, in large phamphlet form, containing, I suppose, scriptural and moral readings, with pictures, &c.; I must congratulate those, that superin tend the management of this school, on their . complete success in causing lightsome hearts of all the scholars. They have chosen the right method of encouraging children to at tend. Nothing tends more to induce children, to take an interest in anything, than praise and encouragement, in the shape of presents, however trifling ; and I'm quite certain the whole of the children I saw running along, so happy, often stopping to have a peep at their little treasures, then skipping along again with the happiest of smiles on their faces, will take the greatest delight in going to Sunday school. I'm sure they will go back again on Sunday without any coaxing on the parents part what ever, else I'm greatly mistaken. The cost of these small books is infinitesimally small, and I'm sure the directors of the school feel fully repaid by the keen interest the children will take in anything they are told. I hope all the schools do the same ; if they don't, they will find themselves with a larger attendance if they take this way of encouraging the scholars. I believe a dog tax is likely to be passsed in the Assembly; each dog to be taxed at £1 a year. Well, there's some dogs I know of that if I had the taxing of them I'd put £10 on them, or have them exterminated. They are vile brutes, and dont't stop at trifles, but would remove part of your leg any chance they have. They are evidently fond of veal. I am told there is one in Finch-street, that for making horrid and unearthly sounds, he beats all things. It is described to me as being sometimes like the moanings proceeding from a person in pain or anguish, sometimes like the loud yell or screech of a person being murdered, and — 'twas a man who told me — he said he was not nervous, but the howlings of this canine animal were horrible to listen to, and said he couldn't describe the "horren dous" feelings he experienced. I would therefore recommend the authorities to have the nuisance immediately abated. It's enough for one to stand the good sound bark of a dog all night, but to the residents in the neigh borhood of this noise it must be very ob noxious. I fancy their feelings must be something like' those of the person to whom the following lines were addressed : — Infernal ghosts and hellish furies ronnd Environed thee ; some honied, some yelled. 1 JDLlgUb dUU glUllUUO U1 UC.U tUG UiVlU wu Thursday, and old Sol shone resplendent, &c.; | Tadmor presented an animated appearance. I What was the cause of the liveliness ? 'Twas I the grand tournament, the actors being five I Caucasians named Ah Lhen, Bhil Sun, Kraw I Faud, Wah Nlier, and Ead Mhanseo. The I one great feat was to reach the top of a poll, or else the first knot from the top. Bhil Sun started well with a good trick called a "plumper." and thus lead. Wah Nherthen by that well-known trick called " palavering" went ahead. Kraw Faud all the time showed he was well practised in his small tricks, ! known as " Under hand O," and " Hi Smile O." Ah Lhen seemed somewhat stiff, and j didn't show such agility as the others. Ead Mhansen showed well only, in hi great trick called " Recka bhite tism." In' this he was grand. With -these tricks and others, the Tadmorites were kept alive, some time oue showing better than the other until at last I the top was gained by Kraw Faud, wah I Nber being on the second knot, Bhil Sun was I close up, Ah Lben next, and Ead Mhansen I very far down the stick. Thus ended the I great tournament, and, of course, with some I of our critics, it bad a poor ending. No I doubt, some of them, if not all, will treat us I again to a similar entertainment, and perhaps, with a different result. However, there was .lots of fun, and Mr Tipp kept up the excite ment by flitting about everywhere, and in all imaginable shapes. I endeth this with hoping | the winners will please all in their new or renewed sphere. | N.B. — With this week's epistle I will bid j adieu for a short time to my dear readers. 