JOHN MARCHMONT'S LEGACY. CHAPTER XX.—COXTISLED. RISKS FHOM THE GRAVE. —• BY THE AUTHOR OK "L.ADY AITHJEY'S SECRET," "ELEAXOH'S VICTORY," &C.;, &C.; The mother's tears and prayers were vaiu; lio adamant was over firmer than tho young soldier. " Site is my wife, mother," he said; " I have sworn to protect and cherish her; and I have leason to think she has fallen into merciless hands. If I die upon the road, I must go to her. It is not a case in which I can do my duty by proxy. Every moment I delay is a wrong to that poor helpless girl. Be reasonable, dear mother, I implore you ; I should suffer fifty times more by the torture of suspense if I stayed here, than I can possibly suffer in a railroad journey from hero to Lincolnshire." Tho soldier's strong will triumphed over every opposition. The provincial doctors held up their hands, and protested against the madness of their patient; but without avail. All that either Mrs. Arundel or the doctors could do, was to make such preparations and arrangements as would render the weary journey easier; and it was under the mother's superintendence that the air- cushions, the brandyflask, the hartshorn, salvolatile, and railway rugs, had been provided for the Captain's comfort, It was thus that, after a blank interval of three months, Edward Arundel, like some creature newly risen from the grave, returned to Swampington, upon his way to Mareluu>nt Towers. The delay seemed endless to this icstless passenger, sitting in the empty waiting- room of the quiet Lincolnshire station, though the ostler and stable-boys at the "George" were bestirring themselves with good-will, urged on by Mr. Morrison's premises of liberal reward for their trouble, and though the man who was to drive the carriage lost no time in arraying himself for the journey. Captain Arundel looked at his watch three times while hu sat in that dreary Swampington waiting-room. There was a clock over the mautel-piece, but he would not trust to that. " Eight o'clock he muttered. " It will be ten before I get to the Towers, if the carriage doesn't come directly." He got up, and walked from the waitingroom to the platform, and from the platform to the door of the station. He was so weak as to be obliged to support himself with his stick; and even with that help he tottered and reeled sometimes like a drunken man. But, in his eager impatience, he was almost unconscious of his own weakness. " Will it never come ?" he muttered. " Will it never come ?" At last, after an intolerable delay, as it seemed to the young man, the carriage and pair from the George Inn rattled up to the door of the station, with Mr. Morrison upon the box, aud a postilion loosely balanced upon one of the long-legged, long-backed, bony grey horses. Edward Arundel got into the vehicle before his valet could alight to assist him. " Marchmont Towers!" he cried to the postilion ; " and a live-pound note if you get there in less than an hour." He flung some money to the officials who had gathered about the door to witness his departure, and who liad eagerly pressed forward to render him that assistance which, even in his weakness, he disdained. These men looked gravely at each other as the carriage dashed off into the fog, blundering and reeling as it went along the narrow halfmade road, that led from the desert patch of waste ground upon which the station was built into the High-street of Swampington. "Marchmont Towers!" said one of the men, in a tone that seemed to imply that there was something ominous even in the name of the Lincolnshire mansion. " What does lie want at Marchmont Towers, I wonder ?" " Why, don't you know who he is, mate 1" responded the other man, contemptuously. " No." " He's Parson Arundel's nevy—tho young officer that some folks said ran away with the poor young Miss oop at the Towers." " My word! is he now! Why, I shouldn't ha' known him," " No he's a'most like the ghost of what he was, poor young chap. I've heard as he. was in that accident as happened last August on the Sou'-Western." Tho railway official shrugged his shoulders. " It's all a q«per story," ho said. " I can't make out naught about it; but I know I i?houI.in'l. care to go up to the Towers after dark." Marchmont Towers had evidently fallen into rather evil repute amongst these simple Lincolnshire people. Tho carriage in which Edward Arundel rode was a superannuated old chariot, whose uneasy springs rattled and shook tlie sick man to pieces. He groaned aloud every now and then from sheer physical agony ; and yet he scarcely knew that lie suffered, so superior in its intensity was tho pain of liis mind to every bodily torture. He sat with his face turned towards the open •window of tho carriage; looking out steadily into the night. " 117/Mi shall I get there?" he cried aloud, iu a paroxysm of rage and grief. " My own one, my pretty one, my wife, when shall I get to you i" At last the end came. The carriage drew up before the tall iron gates, behind which stretched, dreary and desolate as 6ome patch of common land, that melancholy waste which was called a park. A light burned dimly iu the lower window of the lodge,—a little spot that twinkled faintly red and luminous through the darkness and the rain; but the iron gates were as closely shut as if Marchmont Towers had been a prison-house. Edwaid Arundel was in no humor to linger long for the opening of those gates. He sprang from the carriage, reckless of the weakness of his cramped limbs, before the valet could descend from the rickety bosseat, or the postilion could get off his horse, and shook the wet and rusty iron bars with his own wasted hands. The gates rattled, but resisted the concussion ; they had evidently been locked for the night. The young man seized an iron ring, dangling at the end of a chain, which hung beside one of the stone pillars, and rang a peal that sounded like a signal of alarm through the darkness. A tierce watch-dog, far away in the distance, howled dismally at the summons, and the dissonant shriek of a peacock sounded across the flat. The door of the lodge was opened ah out five minute--! after the bell had rung, and an old man peered out into the night, holding a candle shaded by his feeble hand, and looking suspiciouslv towards the gate " Who is it!" he said. 4 1 It is I, Captain Arundel. Open the gate, please." The man, who was very old, and whose intellect seemed to have grown as dim and foggy as the night itself, reflected for a few moments, and then mumbled,— " Cap'en Arundel! Ay, to be sure, to be sure.' Parson Arundel's nevy; ay, ay." He went back into the lodge, to the disgust aud aggravation of the young soldier, who rattled fiercely at the gate once more in his impatience. But the old man emerged pre- sently, as tranquil as if the black November night had been some sunshiny noontide in July, carrying a lantern and a bunch of keys, one of which lie proceeded in a leisurely uiauner to apply to the great lock of the gate. Let me in!" cried Edward Arundel. "Man alive! do you think I came down here to stand all night staring through these iron bars 1 Is Marchmont Towers a prison, that you shut your gates as if they were never to be opened until the Day of Judgment!" The old man responded with a feeble, chirpy laugli, an audible grin, senile and conciliatory. " We've no need to keep t' geates open arter dark," he said; " folk dean't coome to the Toowers arter daik." He liad succeeded by this time iu turning the key iu the lock ; one of the gates rolled slowly back upon its rusty hinges, creaking aud groaning as if in hoarse protest against all visitors to the Towers; and Edward Arundel entered the dreary domain which John Marchmont liad inherited from his kinsman'. The postilion turned his horses from the high-road without the gates into the broad drive leading up to the mansion. Far away, across the wet flats, the broad western front of that gaunt stone dwelling-place frowned upon the travellers, its black grimness only relieved by two or three dim red patches, that told of lighted windows and human habitation. It was rather difficult to associate friendly flesh and blood with Marchmont Towers ou this dark November night. The nervous traveller would have rather expected to find diabolical denizens lurking within those black and stony walls; hideous enchantments beneath that rain-bespattered roof; weird and incarnate horrors brooding by deserted hearths, and fearful shrieks of souls in perpetual paiu breaking upon the stillness of the night. Edward Arundel had no thought of these th ings. He knew that the place was darksome and gloomy, and that, in very spite of himself, he had always been unpleasantly impresse'd by it; but he knew nothing more. He only wanted to reach the house without delay, and to ask for'the young wife whom he had parted with upon a Ijalmy August evening three months before. He wanted this passionately, almost madly ; and every moment made his impatience wilder, his anxiety more intense. It seemed as if all the journey from Dangerlicld Park to Lincolnshire was as nothing compared to the space that lay between liim and Marchmont Towers. " We've done it in double quick time, sir," tlie postilion saidj complacently pointing to the steaming sides of his horses. " Master 'Jl gieit to me for driving the beasts like this,' 1 Edwaid Arundel looked at the panting animals. They had brought him quickly, then, though the way had seemed so long. w "You shall have a five-pound note, my lad., he said, " if you get me up to yonder house ui five minutes." He had his hand upon tho door ot carriage, and was leaning against it for suppj while he tried to. recover enough strength w: which to clamber into the vehicle, whenlus eye was caught by some white object Happing in the rain against the stone pillar of the gate, and made dimly visible in a flickering patch of light from the lodge-keeper's lantern. « What's that!" he cried, pointing to this white spot upon the moss-grown stone. The old man slowly raised his eyes to the spot towards which the soldier's fiuger pointed. « That f" he mumbled. " Ay, to bC ( sure, to be sure. Poor young lady! That's tho printed bill as they stook oop. It's the printed bill! To be sure, to bo sure.' I'd a'mostforgot it. It ain't been much good, anyhow; and Td a'most forgot it." "The printed bill 1 the young lady 1 gasped Edward Atundel, in a hoarse, choking voice. He snatched the lantern from the lodgekeeper's hand with a force that sent tho old man reeling several paces backward; and, rushing to the stone pillar, held the light up above his head, on a level with the white placard which had attracted his notice. It was damp and dilapidated at the edges; but that which was printed upon it was as visible to the soldier as though each commonplace character had been a liery sigu iuscribed upon a blazing scroll. This was the announcement which Edwaid Arundel read upon the gate-post of March mont Towers :— ONE HUSDRED POUNDS REWARD.— Whereas Miss Mary Marchmont left her home un Wednesday last, October 17th, aud has not since been heard of. this is to give notice that the above reward will be given to any one who shall afford such information as will lead to her recovery if she be alive, or to the discovery of her body if she be dead. The missing young lad j'is eighteen years of age, rather below the middlo height, of fair complexion, lightbrown hair, and hazel eyes. When she left her home she had on a grey silk dress, grey shawl, and straw bonnet. She was last seen near the river-side upon the afternoon of Wednesday, the 17th instant. " Marchmont Towers, October 20th, 1848." CHAPTER -XXL FACE TO FACE. It is not easy to imagine a lion-hearted young cavalry officer, whose soldiership iu the Punjaub had won the ptaiscs of a Napier and an Outram, fainting away like a heroine of romance at the coming of evil tidings; but Edward Arundel, who had risen from a sick bed to take a long and fatiguing journey iu utter defiance of the doctors, was not strong enough to bear the dreadful welcome that greeted him upon the gate-post at Marchmont Towers. He staggered, and would have fallen, had not the extended anus of his father's confidential servant been luckily opened to receive and support him. But he did not lose his senses. " Get me into the carriage, Morrison," he cried. " Get me up to that house. They've tortured and tormented my wife while I've been lying like a log on my bed at Dangerfield. For God's sake, get me up there as quick as you can!" Mr. Morrison had read the placard on the gate across his young master's shoulder. He lifted the Captain into the carriage, shouted to the postilion to drive on, and took his seat by the young man's side. " Begging your pardon, Mr. Edward," he said, gently; " but the young lady may be found by this time. That bill's been sticking there for upwards of a month, you 6ce, sir, and it isn't likely but what Miss Marchmont has been found between that time and this." The invalid passed his hand across his forehead, down which the cold sweat rolled in great beads. "Give me some brandy," he whifiperedj "pour some braudy down my throat, Morrison, if you've any compassion upon mo; I must get strength somehow to face what lies before me." The valet took a wicker-covered flask from his pocket, and put the neck of it to Edward Arundel Hps. " She may be found, Morrison " muttered. the young man, after drinking a long draught of the spirit; he would have drunk living fire itself, iu his desire to obtain unnatural strength in this crisis. "Yes, you're right there. She may be found. But to think that she should have been driven away! To think that my poor, helpless, tender girl should have been driven a second time from the home that is her own! Yes; her own by every law and every right. Oh, the relentless devil, the pitiless dovil J what cau be the motive <of lier con- duct? It is madness, or the infernal cruelty of a fiend incarnate f" Mr. Morrison thought that his young master's brain had boon disordered by the shock he had just undergone, and that this wild talk was m8ro delirium. "Keep your heart up, Mr. Edward," ho tourmured, soothingly; " you may rely upon ^it, the young lady has been found." "< But Edward was in no mind to listen to any mild consolatory remarks from his valet. He had thrust his head out of the carriagcvrindow, and his eyes were fixed upon tho dimly-lighted casements of the western drawing-room. "Thoroom in which John and Polly and I used to sit together when first I came from India," ho murmured. " How happy wo were! how happy we were!" The carriage stopped before the stone portico, and the young man got out once more, assisted by his servant. His breath came short and thick now that he stood upon the threshold. He poshed aside the man who opeued the door, and strode into the liali. A fire burned on the hearth; but the atmosphere of the stonepaved chamber was damp and chilly. Captain Arundel walked straight to the door of the western drawing-room. It was there that he had seen lights in the windows; it was there that he expected to find Olivia Marchmont. Ho was not mistaken. A shaded lamp burnt on a table near the fire. There was a low invalid-chair beside this table, an open book upon the floor, and an Indian shawl, one he had sent to his cousin, flung carelessly upon tho pillows. The neglected fire burned low in the old- fashioned grate, and above the dull red blaze stood the figure of a woman, tall, dark, and gloomy of aspect. It was Olivia Marchmont, in tho mourning robes that she had worn, with but one brief intermission, ever since her husband's death. Her profile was turned towards the door by which Edward Arundel entered tho room; her eyes were bent steadily upon the low heap of burning ashes in the grate. Even iu that doubtful light the young man could see that her features were sharpened, and that a settled frown had contracted her straight black brows. In her fixed attitude, in her air of deathlike tranquillity, this woman resembled some sinful vestal sister, set, against her will, to watch a sacred fire, and brooding moodily over her crimes. She did not hear the opening of the door; she had not even heard the trampling of the horses' hoofs, or the crashing of the wheels upon the gravel before the house. There were times when her sense of external things was, as it were, suspended and absorbed in the intensify of her obstinate despair. " Olivia!" said the- soldier. Mrs. Marchmont looked up at the sound of that accusing voice, for there was something in Edward Arundel's simple enunciation of her name which seemed like an accusation or a menace. She looked up, with a great terror in her face, and stared aghast at her unexpected visitor. Her white cheeks, her trembling lips, and dilated eyes could not have more palpably expressed a great and absorbing horror, had the young man standing quietly before her been a corpse newly risen from its grave. " Mrs. Marchmont," said Captain Arundel, after a brief pause, " I have come here to look for my wife." Olivia paused her trembling hands across her forehead, brashing the hair from her temples, and still staring with the same unutterable horror at the face of her cousin. Several times she tried to speak; but the broken syllables died away in her throat in hoarse, inarticulate jnutterings. At last, with a great effort, tho words came. " I—I—never expected to see you," she said; " I heard that you were very ill; I heard that you •" " You heard that I was dying," interrupted Edward Arundel; "or that, if I lived, I should drag out tho rest of my existence iu hopeless idiocy. Tho doctors thought as much a week ago, when one of them, cleverer than tho rest, I suppose, had the courage to perform an opera- tion that restored me to consciousness. Sense* and memory came back to me bydegrees. The thick veil that had shrouded the past was reut asunder; and tho first imago that came to mo was the image of my young wife, as I had seen her upon the night of our partiug. For more than three months I had been dead. I was suddenly restored to life. I asked those about me to give me tidings of my wife. Had she sought me out had she followed me to Dangerfield ? No! They could toll me nothing. They thought that I was delirious, and tried to soothe me 1 with compassionate speeches, merciful falsehoods, promising mo that I should see my darJing. Bat I eoon read the secret of their scared looks. I saw pity and wonder mingled in my mother's face, and I entreated her to be merciful to me, and to tell me the truth. She had compassion upon me, and told me all she knew, which was very little. She had never hoard from my wife, She had never heard of any Carriage between Mary Marchmont and me. Tho only communication which alio had received from any of lici Lincolnshire relations had been a letter from my uuelo Hubert, in reply to one of hers telling him of my hopless state. " This was the shock that fell upon me when life and memory came back. I could not bear the imprisonment of a sick-bed. I felt that for the second time I must go out into the world to look for my darling j and in defiance of the doctors, in defiance of my poor mother, who thought that my departure from Dangerfield WBS a suicide, I am here. It is here that I come first to seek for my wife. I might have stopped in London to see Richard Paulette; I might sooner have gained tidings of my darling. But I came here; I came here without stopping by the way, because an uncontrollable instinct and an unreasoning impulse tells me that it is here I ought to seek her. I am here, her husband, her only true and legitimate defender; and woe be to those who stand between me and my wife!" He had spoden rapidly in his passion; and he stopped, exhausted by his own vehemence, and sank heavily into a chair near the lamplit table. Then for the first time that night Olivia Marchmont plainly saw her cousin's face, and saw the terrible change that had transformed the handsome young soldier, since the bright August morning on which he had gone forth from Marchmont Towers. She saw the traces of a long and wearisome illness sadly visible in his waxen-hued complexion, his hollow cheeks, the faded lustre ol' his eyes, his dry and pallid lips. She saw all this, the woman whose one great sin had been to love this man wickedly and madly, in spite of her bettor self, in spite of her womanly pride ; she saw the change iu him that had altered him from a young Apollo to a shattered and broken invalid. And did any revulsion of feeling arise in her breast ? Did any correspondiug transformation in her own 31cart bear witness to the baseness of her love J No; a thousand times, no ! There was no thrill of disgust, how transient soever ; not so much asone passing shudderof painful surprise, one pang of womanly regret. Mo! In place of these, a passionate yearning arose in this woman's haughty soul; a Hood of sudden tenderness rushed across the black darkness of her mind. She fain would have flung herself upon her knees, in loving self-abasement, at the sick man's feet. She fain would have cried aloud, amid a tempest of passionate sobs,— " O my love, ray love ! you are dearer to me a hundred times by this cruel change. It was not for your bright-blue eyes and waving chestnut hair,—it was not for your handsome face, your brave soldierlike bearing that I loved you. My love was not so base as that. I inflicted a cruel outrage upon myself when I thought that I was the weak fool of a hand some face. Whatever I have been, my love, at least, has been pure." In the sudden rush of that flood-tide of love and tenderness, all these thoughts welled into Olivia Marchmont's mind. In all her sin and desperation she had never been so true a woman as now ; she had never, perhaps, been so near being a good woman. But the tender emotion was swept out of her breast the next moment by the first words of Edward Arundel. '"Why do you not answer my question?'' he said. She drew herself up in the erect and rigid attitude that had become almost habitual to her. Every trace of womanly feeling faded out of her face, as the sunlight disappears behind the sudden darkness of a thunder- cloud. " What question 1" she asked, with icy indifference, " The question I have come to Lincolnshire to ask—tho question I have perilled my life, perhaps, to ask," cried the young man. " Where is my wife?" The widow turned upon him with a horrible smile. " I never heard that you were married," she said. " Who is your wife V' "Mary Marchmont, tho mistress of this house." "Olivia opened her eyes, and looked at him in half-sardonic surprise. " Then it was not a fable ?" she said. " What was not a fable ?" The unhappy girl spoke the truth when she said that you had married her at some outof-the-way church in Lambeth." "The truth 1 Yes!" cried Edward Arundel. " Who should dare to say that; she spoke other than the truth ? Who should dare to disbelieve her V Olivia Marchmont smiled n err: in.—thnr cam" str.ingf. siijili' v. i.i.'h n-.,!; Im-..-" Mm hovri! for humanity, and yet hud a <vr:ain J ark nn l gloomy grandeur of its own, Satan, the star of the morning, may have so smiled despairing defiance upon the Archangel Michael. " Unfortunately," ehc said, "no one believed tho poor child. Her story was such a very absurd one, and she could bring forward no 6hrcd of evidence in support of it." " 0 my God!" ejaculated Edward Arundel, clasping his hands above his head in a paroxysm of rage and despair. " I see it all I see it all 1 My darling has been tortured to death. Woman 1" ho cried, " are you possessed by a thousand fiends? Is there no one sentiment of womanly compassion left in your breast? If there is one spark of womanhood in your nature, I appeal to that; I ask you what has happened to my wife ' My wife! my wife !" Tho reiteration of that familiar phrase was to Olivia Marchmont like the perpetual thrust of a dagger aimed at an open wound. It struck every time upon the same tortured spot, and inflicted tho same agony. " The placard upon the gates of this place can tell you as much as I can," 6he said. The ghastly whiteness of tho soldier's face told her that he had seen the placard of which she spoke. " She has not been found, then V' he said, hoarsely. " No." " How did she disappear?" " As she disappeared upon the morning on which you followed her. She wandered out of the house, this time leaving no letter, neither message nor explanation of any kind whatever. It was in the middle of the day that she went out; and for some time lier absence caused no alarm. But, after some hours, she was waited for and watched for very anxiously. Then u search was made." " Where f " Wherever she had at any time been in thi* habit of walking,—in the park; in the wood; along the narrow path by the water; at Pollard's farm ; at Hester's house at Kemberlinp, —in eveiy place where it might be really imagined there was the slightest chance of finding her." " And all this was without result?" " It was." " Why did she leave this place ? God help you, Olivia Marchmont, if it was your cruelty that drove her away The widow took no notire of the threat implied in these words. Was there anything upon earth that she feared now ? No—nothing. Had she not endured the worst long ago, in Edward Arundel's contempt I She had uo fear of a battle with this man; or with any other creature in the world; or with the whole world arrayed and banded together against her, if need were. Amongst all the torments of those black depths to which her soul had gone down, there was no such thing as fear. That cowardly baseness is for the happy and prosperous, who have something to lose. This woman was by nature dauntless and resolute as the hero of some classic story; but in her despair she had the desperate and reckless courage of a starving wolf. The hand of death was upon her; what could it matter how she died? " I am very grateful to you, Edward Arundel," she said, bitterly, " for the good opinion you have always had of me. The blood of the Dangerfielcl Arundels must have had some drop of poison intermingled with it, I should think, before it could produce so vile a creature as myself." The young man writhed impatiently beneath the torture of his cousin's deliberate speech. Was there to be no end to this unendurable delay ? Even now,—now that he was in this house, face to face with the woman he had come to question,—it seemed as if he could not get tidings of his wife. So, often in his dreams, he had headed a besieging party against the Aflghans, with the scaling-ladders reared against the wall; ho hail seen the dark faces griuning down upon him —all savage glaring eyes and fierce glistening teeth—and had heard the voices of his men urging him on to the encounter, but had felt himself paralyzed and helpless, with his sabre weak as a withered reed in his nerveless hand. "For God's sake, let there be no quarrelling with phrases between you and me, Olivia!" he cried. " If you or any other living being have injured my wife, the reckoning between us shall be no light one. But there will be time enough to talk of that by-and- by. I stand before you, newly risen from a grave in which I have lain for more than three months, as dead to the world, and to every creature I have ever loved or hated, as if the Funeral Service had been read over my coffin. I como to de mand from you an account of what.has happened during that interval. If you palter or prevaricate with me, I shall know that it is because you fear to tell me the truth." " Fear!" " Yes ; you have good reason to fear if yon ^nvo wrongfd Mary Arundel. Why did she this house ?" " Because she was not happy in it, I suppose. She chose to shut hei'self iu her own room, and to refuse to be governed or advised, or consoled. 1 tried to do my duty to her; yes," cried Olivia Marchmont, suddenly raising her voico as if the had been vehementlv contra- dieted;—" yes, I did try to do my duty to her, I urged her to listen to reason ; I begged her to abandon her foolish falsehood about A marriage with you in Loudon." " You disbelieved in that marriage ?" " I did," answered Olivia. " You liecried Edward Arundel. You knew the poor child 3iad spoken the truth. You knew her—you know me—well enough to know that I should not have detained her away from her home an hour, except to make her "my wife—except to give myself the strongest right to love and defend her." "I knew nothing of the kind, Captain Arundel; you and Mary Marchmont had taken good care to keep your secrets from me. I knew nothing of your plots, your intentions. I should have considered that one of the Dangeriield Arundels would have thought his honour sullied by such an act as a stolen marriage with an heiress, considerably under age, and nominally in the guardianship of her step- mother. I did, therefoie, disbelieve the story Mary Marchmont told me. Another person, much more experienced than I. also disbelieved the unhappy girl's account of her absence. " Another person ! What other person 1" " Mr. Marchmont." " Mr. Marchmont!" " Yes : Paul Marchmont—my husbands first cousin." A 6uddeu cry of rage and grief broke from Edward Arundel's lips. « O my Ood !" he exclaimed, " there was some foundation for the warning in John Marchmont's letter, after all. And T laughed at him. I laughed at my poor friend's fc-ars." The widow looked at her kinsman in mute wonder. Has Paul Marchmont beeu in this house?" he asked. "Yes." " When was he here f" " He has been here often ; he comes here constantly. He lias been living at Kemberling for the last three months." "Why?" " For lv's own pleasure, 1 suppose," Olivia answered, haughtily. " It is no business of mine to pry into Mr. Marchmont's motives." Edward Arundel ground his teeth in an access of ungovernable passion. It was not against Olivia, but against himself this time that he was enraged. He bated himself for the arrogant folly, the obstinate presumption, with which ho had ridiculed and slighted John Marchmont's vague fears of his kinsman Paul. " So this mau has been here—is here constantly," he muttered. " Of course it is only natural that he should hang about the place. And you and he are stanch allies, I suppose ?" he added, turning upon Olivia, "Stanch allies? Wiyf " Because you both hate my wife." " What do you mean 1" "You both hate her: you out of abase envy of her wealth ; because of her superior rights, which made you a secondary person in this house, perhaps,—there is nothing else for which you could hate her: Paul Marchmont, because she stands between him and a fortune. Heaven help her! Heaven help my gentle, guileless darling! Surely Heaven must have had some pity upon her when her husband was not by !" The young man dashed the blinding tears from his eyes. They were the first that he had shed since he had risen from that which many people had thought Ms dying bed, to search for his wife. (To be continued.) " The last vestige of the Brooklyn scandal litigation," the New York Nation observes, "has disappeared in the discontinuance of his suit by Moulton, on the granting by Judge Westbrook of a change of venue to Delaware County; this, Moulton declared, would increase the expense more than he could bear, and, weary of war, he has laid down his arms and returned to commer- cial pursuits. The judge based his decision partly on the ground that Moulton had circulated printed documents about the case in this district, but then both parties had done so indiscriminately ; and, in fact, if the circulation of printed matter about the wise has prejudiced the public mind in this district, it would be hard to say in what quarter of the state or union it has not done so. If the inhabitants of Delaware County are still unfamiliar with ex parte views of the scandal, they are so by virtue of total ignorance of the art ol reading. The Congregational Association of New York and Brooklyn a Jew weeks ago vindicated Mr. Beecher on the ground that no one came forward to accuse luin, so that now at last he is in the ecclesiastical and civil forums freed from pursuit. The only consolation we can oilier the press Under these'trying circumstances is to be found In that great resource of country editors, the ' prospect of a general European war, Tlje European despots are arming, and they and their pampered and effeminate nobles will probably soon be locked jn deadly combat, to the great good of trade and the great stimulation of news-gatlering. A TEMJTATIOS.—'The baby was doubled up by the cramps, and yelling at the rate of a mile a minute, as the father and mother stood over the crib with the laudanum bottle between them. "No, Mariar," he said gently but firmly, "you pottr it out ; that child is growing so much like your mother that I can't trust myself." 