Ed MiS ilillsilEie AW OPEN VERDICT* A NEW NOVEL By TriE AuTHon op 'L&di; Audlet's Secret,'' 'Takes ax thk Flood,' 'Duad Mbh's Sho.es,'.' Weaveib ani- 5\rErr,' &o; CaAMKr. XIII. — Snt Kenrick's Asgestkaii HofSB. Sir Konrick Ciilvcrhousa bad gono to Hamp Rhivo to look at the old doruaiu. Ho had plenty of friends in the ueighborhoad of Cnlverhouso, who would havo beau glad so givo him hospitality, but bo preferred tho loss luxuriant accomodation of his own houso, which was maintained by a couple of faithful old servants, vory much in tho Rfcvln nf rho Mnstisr of Rnvcnswooil's immnr(:\l menage at WolfsCraig. The old butler waa not so amusing — or so enthusiastic as Q-lob Balderstone, but ho was every whit aa faithful, and preferred his hoard wages and bacon dumplings in tho halls of tho good old rtico to tho30 flesh pots of Ejjypt which ho might porchanco h&TO; found in tho scrvicoofsouio ruuahroom eentlenmu, or commercial magnate ia tho neighborhood. Fcoplo bad told Konrick that he ought to let Culverhouso Castlo, and that bo might add con siderably to his incomo by so doiug. But Kenriek repudiated tho idea of an incomo so obtained. To allow pnrse-proud city people to como and criticise thoso old familiar rooms, and make rudo remarks upon the shabbincsa of tho furniture — to have eorao newly mado country squire — whoso hegiu niuga wero on tho Btock exchange— airing his imacoustomod grandoiir in tho rooms whero meek Ladv Culverhouao had lived hor tranquil unoffend ing lit'o— uo— Kourjck would havo stasvod rut her than s.\ncliou such a desecraiion, liis mother's gcnllo shadow atill occupied tho rooms sho had lovod. Ho woutd'uot havo that poacoful ghost scared away by hsrscy young ladles or billiard- phiyuK; young mon, ? , At a cost of ahout a hundred and fifty pouctls a yoar— nearly bulf bis small income— Keurickton- trivod to havo tha placo kept decontly-5-tho gardens froo from woods aud ruin— tho roses which had boon his mother's chief delight cared for— tho empty stabloa protected from wind aud raiu --tho houao presorvod from actual decay. Aud tho placo was nsady to recoivo him when ho waa ablo to ootno homo, woro it but for a sinslo night. Tliia, «« Kcnrick'a iniud, waa much. Lovoof hisbuthplaco, aud ptida of his kv», wero thOBtronj;e3t poiataiu Kourick'a oharacttor j aud Culvorhouso waa assuredly a homo which a iu(in, with any aeuao ot tho beautiful, iuigb.$ bo pavdouod for loviuj; to eathusiaim. It had boea an Abbey beforo tho days of tho reformation, and much that bcloiificdto thoao daya still romaincJ. Some portioui) had bceu cauvcrlcd to socittlar uses, other pavta hud beou presorted in what may bo called a slato of eubiUutial iiiiu. Aud this mixluro of ecclcsiuttcal ruiua aud Tiulov dwolHug-houso mudo a mosl pictuivsquo and louiaulto whoVo. Tho uuiivo outer wall of tho cloistered qaadraaglo still romdiuod, but whora tbo cloutors had boon was now tho rose garden ~ a. ti\ir cxp*u» of volret tuif, iutersooted with allovg of rotos. Tho ch*plo door stood ia all ila wrly EofiUsh purily of line aud mo\\-Wiogi but tbo ohapol lad gitcu placo to a Bnuny «ncloouro, bouadod by hodgea of boa«y ?' Publlihod hy «n«cM uranc«tttut ftlth th« »u\hor. weBoTkni^ept»Bnar,'* gfadm. in' which oia fta!oo])O0 fl-xwew grew Iflzoriutlj ia priffl box* edgsdbedg. The home was one of the handjomeri ia tia connfy. Much too good for a decayed race,. old Sir Kenriek had always said — bat yoang Sir Ken rick held it as in no wue too gx-d for him. Ho would not have Sold it for a half a million, bad bo been freo to sell it. The sitnalioa was perfect. It otood in a fertile green valley, on tho bank of a river wbich— insignificant elsewhere — widened' bero to a noble reach of water, and carved itself lovingly round tho velvet elope3 of the lawn. A long wooden bridge spanned the river josi beyond thooldgothic gateway of tho caatls, and com municated with the village of Calverhonse, in which a population of a hundred and eighty souls fancied itself a worid. Eenrick loved the placs — ? castle — village — river — low lying water meadows —ancient avenues— fair green field where the foundation of tho abbey bad been marked out with rows of stones— a stoao for each pillar in nave and aisles— chancel and apse — he loved all these things with a lore that waa almost a pasaon. His heart thrilled within him when he came back to the familiar ecene after a year or more of ezQe. Hia nature, not too warm elsewhere, warmed to the old goodiw and gaffera of Colverhonse village with an unalterable tenderness. Poor as he waa he had always stray rixpancsa and shillings in hia waistcoat pocket to give these ancient rustics forbeer, ortea,orsanff. He conld listen to their stories of rheumatics and other afflictions with infinite patience. Their very dialect waa dear to him. . If Eenrick had lived in the middlo ages and been exposed to visible contact with the powers of darkness, Mopbistophelea would have assuredly baited his hook with the Calverhonsa estate. ?' Hero aro the money b»23,' ha would have Baid,'sfgn mo this bond, and Calverhonss ia yonra free of tho mortgages that now degrade and hnmiliate yoarrac?. For twenty years yon may reign securely ia the halls of your ancestors— and then- — ' Perhaps Kenriek might havo had the force of mind to refuse bo frankly diabolical a bargain — but when £Iephistophele3 assumed the amiable countenance of- Solina Dulcimer, and whispered in hia ear. ' Marry Beatrix Harefiald, and 1st her fortune revive the glory ot your race/' the yonug man was sorely tempted. He bad promised his cousin Cyril tbat he would not attempt to become hb rival, but he did not know bow^ far Cyril's love affair had gone. He had no idea that Beatrix had already made her choice, irrevocably, and wa3 ready to sacri fice fortune and father's favor for her lover. Eenrick waa not in love with Beatrix Haie* field, in spite of all thoso hints and innuendoes wherewith Mrs. Dulcimer had artfully striven to kindle tho fire of passion ia hia heart. He was not in love with her, bat he admired her beyond any woman ho had ever met, and be could but re member that her fortune would giro him tho desire of his heart. Hewasabovo the meanness of marrying for money. He would not havo said himself to a woman ho disliked or despised, any more than he would have sold himssif to Satan. Ho would have accounted one bargain as base as tho other. But be would have been very glad to marry a woman with money, provide! ho could think her the first of women, aud worthy to rolo in tho balls of his race. That ho should lovo her was a secondary necessity. Sir Kenriek was not a young man who considered loving and being be loved essential to the happiness of life. Nature had made him of colder stuff than his con sin Cyril. Ho could do very well without love, but existence could hardly bo tolerable to him with out Culverhouse Castle. Ho thought of Beatrix Harefield as hopacel the long tapestiied saloon on the evening of his ar rival. Ho bad ordered a fire to be lighted here, though old Mrs. Mopson, tho major domo's' wife, had strongly recommended him to sit in the library, or hia mother's morning 100m. ' You'll be a deal snuggerer than in that there big room, Sir Kenriek,' she urged. ' I don't say it's damp, for I opens the windows every fine morning— but it'a awful chili, and it.'d take amost a stack of logs to warm it,' ' Never mind tho chilliness, Betty,' said Keorick. 'I want to sit ia tho saloon. It's a tio.\t to sco the dear old room o^aln after three yoara' absence.' 'Ah,' said Boity, ' thoro ain't another room iu Hampshire okal to it,' firmly convinced that Hampshire waa the world, or &t; any rate, all tho world that waa civilised and worth living in. Otica wheu somebody asked Belfcy Mopaon if she had ever boon so faraa London, sho replied ' No, thank God, I'm uo foreigner.' So Botty lighted a pile of lojs on tho open health, aud put a pair of candles on tho tablo near tho fire, and wheeled a capacious tapestried arm chair besido it, and placed Sir Kenrick's slip. pcis comfortably in front of tho fender— ao that in spite of italoug disuse, tha room had a homo liko aspect whoa ho camo to it alter his homely diuuor. By this dim light tho room ' looked lovely— all itasoabbincss hidden— all iu beauties of form a&d; color intensified — tho figures in ih« fiuoold tapestry standing out in life-like round neas. T&eeeuaand; Ariadne. ArUduo deserted —tho coming ot Bacchus— hymeneal festival— nymphs and satyrs frisking against a background ofbluoaeau . Konrick though! of Beatrix Harefield as ho walked elowly up and down. How well her stately beauty would become tho- room— how well tho room would be^me her. She waa jost the wifo for the waster of such * place %s Culver house. It scorned a hard thing thai honor forbade his putting hiouelf forward as her euitor. \ ' How do I know thai sho cares for Cyril V. he asked himself, '-sad if kho does not why should not I hare my chance I Cyril is sttch a close fel low. I dwx'i know how fsi things bate gone be tween them. ' She may oot care aairawfor him, aud I may go bsok to India and leave bet to be snapped up by somfliother fellow. I tnvst bate tbo matter placed on a plainer feoUng when I go back to LiUle Yafford. If Cyril does not nuon to go in and wfattapriae,! moat hate my inning*. U will bo onlj fair.' CltAHBR SlV.-*BkLlt OVBRHHAR3 A CyR^ ;? i .;-.??: ? t.' ? ... ? VBaSATIOS. .; . ? H- . ?'. .: New in her life had Isabella S&ratchell; been eohappjf aa^heirasiB those winter -JWs whtox Bentriztpontia bet solitary home— a* in losg Iqad; n&n; vt drifesaeroasUw moon. Istbt&a;, wboae time bad seldom been guren to idtenW, now worked day and night She coaH not alfci getter withdraw ber help from tho over-taxei hoase- mofher, ao ehe sat up' fot an boar or two nightly wben the rest of the family had gone to bed, meodiog and making for the iasatiablft ^noi. '? ; . \ ' 'Nevermind, Ma,' she would saj when Hra- Seratebell was m the rags of distraction aboat a skirt, or a 'waist,' a pair ot impr&etieabte; Bocks, or troasars ibai were gone at the knee^ ' leave your basket and m make it right when you're gone to bed.' ' - . 'Bat, Eslla mj dear,' sighed the mother, ' it's so bad for your bealth to sit op erer so long after twelve. Working so bard as you do all the day too. I wish you bad never taken that dbtrict visiting intof' your bead.' '. ' District fiddlesticks,' growled Mr. Scratdbell horn behind bis newspaper. He was mconveni ently quick of bearing, like the generality of fathers. ' District etuffaad nonsense. Visiting . tho poor means running after curates.' ' If s a great shame to say such a thing, Pa,' cried Bella erimsoning, ' Tm. sure I try barf enough to be useful at bests— and I give motlwr - the best part of nj eaZary to cards the bouaekeep ing. I ought to be free to do a little good abroad f ii icakes me happy.5* - 'A little £dd!3 fiddle,' {retorted the faft«i not takisg the trouble to lower his Dewspaper '; 'a deal of gcod you caa do, going Knper- ing and ct irking into cottages, as tooeh sis to cay, 'Ain't it pretty? How do you like mj bonne.? And (hen I suppose job inquire after the etate cf their Eoab— and ask wby they dent teach their children to blow their noses — and quote scripture— and talk as if you'd god a. freehold estate in beaver, I bate Each humbug. Stay at home and help jonr aether. Taat's what / caB Christianity.'' Like most men who never go to church or mi their Bible?, Hr. ScraicheH bad bis own idea of Christianity, and wa3 quite as ready to assert and defend it aa the most learned CharchxaSBi He liid do'^n the law aa arrogantly upon tins Christian code of Ma aa if ha had reserred a revelation all to him^l^ and wa3 in a posiaon to put the established ciarch right if bo bad cboeon to do it. Balk ScraScheU -n-eat 03 derating three afier« nooss a ~ezk to parish visiting, in spite of paternal opposition. In fart tbat pattirnal opposition gave a ne~ ras£ to her vrcrk, and sbo felt herself in her s^n -s&j; a rsar^rr. She told Cyril about hsr father's cakiudD£S3 one aftunooa as he vas walkiog bomB «iti» her after an accidental meeting in ens of tbo cottages. 'Papa is so eras},' she said, ' he declares thai I can do no good — that I am too ir.yisnifieft.Et and silly to be of tha least use.' 'You are ndther inagsincsTSt cor sslry,' answered Cyril warmly, ' And the peopls lita yoa. That is tba graad poiEt. They will generally lake advice frca a person they EkeJ And they like bright ycasg facs, asd pleasant friendly rrcumers. You bare dose cood already, Ihavesesartincjcaetlianccscasa.7' - '? 'I am so ghd,° cried Bsila, in a voice fitat actaally trenbled with delight. ' Are youreaHjf pleased with me i* 'I am very much pleased.' ' Thee I will go on. Papa may be aa a&kind; as he likes. I am amply rewarded.9 . - ' My praise is a Tery small reward,* repfieJ Cyril, Emiling.- 'Tho sa&fattioa; of jesr own conscience ia the real good. Yoa know tbat your Ufa now is all usefulness.' Bella lived in a fooFs paradise from this time forward.. Mrs. Doldmer was always telling hist how Cyril had praised her. She met him eon- Unnally in the cottages or at the Vicarage. Her life was full, of delight. . She only- went to the Water House once or twice a week, though she had hitherto gone almost every day. She told Beatrix about her district visiting. 'Ofcoursel like being here -with yoa much belter than going among those poor things,' she aid affectionately. ' But I felt it a duty to do' something— ay life seemed so useless.' . ;;;' ???What is mine then S' sighed Baatrix; 'Oh, dear, witb you it is different. With your means you can always be doing ceod indirectly. See* bow much'yoa have done for me.' I owe you and Mr. Harefield toy education— my good clothes— my power to help poor Mamma.* Bnt I bare only znytime to «ive— aad I am very happy to devote some of tbat to the poor, under Mr. Culrcrhoase's guidance^' ' 'He is kind to yon?* interrogated. Beatrix,' **yoalike himf - ' 'He is more than kind to roa. He is my master, my teacher, my guide ! I cannot use such a poor word as liking to describe my feel ings for him. I reverence— I almost worship him,' ? - 'He is worthy of your esteem,' said Beatrix^ wondering a little at this gush of feeling from Bella. . Mrs. Dulcimer felt that things were working round delightfully towards the realisation of her matrimonial scheme. 'I look upon it as quite a settled matter/. Rebecca,' sbo said one morning, wben the aU important factotum was polishing the old side* board, familiarly known as Uncle John. 'Having the chimneys swept again beforo Chrirtmas, yes mum,' replied Rebeoea, driving her leather vigoronsly backwards and forward* across tbe shining wood. 'They'll want U. Wo; begun fires extra early this year, and master da pile up the wood and ooals— as if be wanted to. keepbinuiett in mind of Bloody Maryis martyr* aiSmiflell, and show bis thankfulness that God made him a protestanW - - '? 'I wasn't talking of tbe chimneys, Bebeoe*; I was thinking d Mr. Cnlverhoose and Mis» Scratcholl. He's getting foader ot hex every 'He ongbt to be,nietortod tbe 'maid, snap* pishly. ' She rans after him Wd-enongB. Bnt if I was you 'um Vi leave him to find out bis oww feelhigfc Forced affeoUons are' like foroM rimbarb— sour and watery. Uncle John's in th« sulks this morning. 1 can't get' him to sblMt nohott. It's the damp wealher, I suppose. II always makes him d«B.' - « Well, Re\ws»^ toid Mrs. PaWmer, com* , ^ pU«etftly. UU Ibis WrrUgo. to Ws jjiace «ft*^. rJjf S35I&;* SaLJ-SfiiP feel toalfrroVo] ttpti^i' ort&l;* SSntdwn.;; tt'jstf coulff itoOa* wretched a&e-;~ -' ~r\ ,'-u I' ' , ^^Kea^tt^mata of aU ,..*«*,? wpHcd1 |& j ^ vcuijllT-^Ujat-s enough fia'iaV **** Ba g^tase inside the house.' )', ', A.-Hc^afaUj as tilings wero progressing in Mrs. * OulcimeVa estimation the active beneficence of jfch&A; amiablo woman urged her to take~Home;5tep v^p^i should place matters on a moro decided ^U)|iQg.V 'R was more- .than, a month Kiaca'-fshe. tad tak.en Cyril and Bella under 1*^,. protection, , and. , Sie' /felt ',ln&t; ,it jias time 'the geiitfeman, :suould _* ieclare fciajself. Ha had receiTad^eveiY enconragemenfc .fco Jspeafc^-he had evidently; been' touched, b$ Bails' efforts' for the good other species, Ha jubautod Bella's tsste and win try ??Lot neatness of attire and amiable manners. \Y£at more could he want! -, * '* ' .' ' '. ,'.,' j ,*rlTa positively ndicntoes of him, to tang back SaMusvsj' thought 'Mrs. Dalcircer, impatient ^offccUonT '.But I hart no doabl his silence uihVresuIt ol shyness.,* 'Those reserved men axe ^always shy. 'One gives them credit for pride, iiiitaey are suffering agonies of self distrust all |&a;,lune... - t , . ^ ?'J'Xk* iar gensrallj soineT combination of ' trifles jirnica determines the great events of ,1&*- -^.rs- Pttlcltner was hurri&l;^istjr a * line of conduct Jnc-ie. imnetaocs than .sagacious by such a combi BSlipal ' 1 ' _ ' ' ^\ Erst it was a wet afternoon/ ?which fact pro vented lha Yi&ar;'s/wife going on 'a round of Cercmoaiods.c&llsiniier; best bonnet. She might ti*re trusted hor ownlodyqui inthe wet*, leaving the accifleat *o£ & cold in' the head to be' dealt Xeiik 5j Eebecca, ' whi 'vas a wonderful hand at dflctes! ic inedicznc* and made gruel that was tla'ast a luxury ; 'bat she could not risk 'the -tJeslrocttoa of her new velvet bonnet and bird of Pintdi33. Secondly 3Ir. Dulcimer, had gone to Great ^l'sfford for a dayfs leisurely prowl among tSe'kecostl-band-book shop?, a recreation his soul laved, Hts. absence made the.' Vicarage seem empty, .and the day longer^ than usual. ' lire. palcimer catcher early dinner alone, and, felt miserable. '. ' , .After disher she sent the boy to ask Bella ScrafcbeU to come and spend the afternoon and to bring hsr work, 'The fire'iras lighted in the . library,, .so- that the .room might be warm and easeful ^on the ^Yiear's ' return — but Mra. Jjalcimzr preferred ? filer 'snng comer ty the diuing-roqtu hearth, where she ba-1 a comfortable Boc&ic-gbam; chair, and a. de!ightfal4ilUe Chip pendale ,-UMe. She opened her charily basket, 'took out her .pile of .baby 'clothes, and .felt that iriii B~sHa\Io talk to she could spend an agreeable effcraooa, (tcspite tEe'incessant rain, which' came down trilh a dismal drip, drif», on the' sodden lawn, inhere the blackbirds were luxuriating in C^a'DSSuaT^iccessibilUy of the wonn family. *- JJalb'a.rapi-1 fingers were wont .to , be helpful, ' \afff. with tha charily basket, . $he would lay aside fafil^dauil; st:ip of embroidery, £ud devote her*, i^ to,;h.erans-boDing.*5acntl ox stitchipgla gus-' fisi&sWiUithc; .most aBuablkal^crity. ,*. ' ; ' ~ J *..'?,' lott $csr girl* -to'epana tl»rongh.thi3 abomin aBleiain and enliven, me,V exclaimed lira. Dul cimer xrh&a; pdh. came in, looking very bright and prelty s^et; Uer rainy wait ^ - ^r* t* I tktnk I would come through, 'fire as well as Water to see ;-oa, - dear- Mrs. Dulcimer,' replied B^Ia aSSKtiscately, }' I was going, to sii with 'poor Mary SsUhera this^ afternoon— she b in a decHce, ?oa know — and so. patknt. Mr. Culver boaseiidc^pljinterestedinber. Bat of course {would nthetconi& here — ' j' '^Yoa'dwurunfeKTehgirl J And 'does Mr. Cal« ^sthoua.£eem pleased wiih what you are doing £ojt Jit ftjiple ?7 ''—'.Ycjj math. His face quite lights op when ho cornea into* a 'cotizgd and find* xae there.' ,.,' .',..' ^ ~t]f\kSx? sail lira. Ddkimer, signiiicaatly. Z' ^i*11 k aaw what .that means.' ? B^lb. sigued and looked at the lire. Her fpoH»,pV'xi'ia& was a. sWcet place to dwell in, bat tJierawofo Iuse3 when the suspicion that it wm oalj ? aJ Etwii paradise after all ciept Iike,aa agly sriikoictolheEdenof her mind'. ?' ' Dzxi Kin.'- Dulcimer,' she began thought faUjr, afUr, aainteryal of silence in which the ,'VicaV*s wjfe-fcad besn trying to accomplish oosne, ;mao«?7ro, almost as difficult aa sqaaring thtf' arclff^wito a brown piper pattern and an awk J wa^d bit of 3annef, /' You are too good to be so much' interested in my welfare— bat do you know 'sftmetitnci X hicj you ore aftozfilhor mistaken ? alllhaik !uad to me— he approves of say poor efforts (o be ozcfal — he praises* me — Lt seems 'alv/W gW t0,sse me— jet he hai never taid a ' wow thai would imply ? ',' I , ' ?hat will come all at once, all in a moment,' ^nedvWrs, I»alcimer, deci»i7e}y. , '.It, did with Clement. I hadn't the least idea that he1 was ' jijitor6wii.ii n»e.\ My fatlierwaa a. bookworm you '? 'jfeaaw, like Mr, Dulcimer, and Clement uaedta jcome to our honss a great deal, and they were |a|w-y* talking of first edition! and second editions , «*ratd. black-letter books — and incanabula — and a -lot more stuff that I hardly knew the meaning of, vMsUme diy Clement suddenly asked me to marry . Ifimyj. !l uorer felt so su^rLscl in ray life. I felt MBttthat' my father most Jiare sn^eated it to. Ibim— but tfas idea did not offend me.. These 'tilings- -ought -to be suggested^ Thero -are Eton j?fe*iW(MJld-g&down;totfaeJr graves jni«erableold )bidi«tcn« fuff.want of somff6aato gire thecra 3»«cton»hint/-' . . ?? ,' ? .-? w. ,u- , ; f ' And jnoti really think Mr.. Colr^rltooso likes me,TfaltoR-d Bella, ?. v '«? J-* -''- - . It wa» growing tirfify: dayr- tay- CTtiry hcrttr— bora anfl morftfl questiao ; of Jifd -or. -death . with ber. The old home seemed didljr mw* hateiul— Uwideiatoxifltencetobo'shared, wiUx .Cyril more p*radi»»-$. Suspense gnawed, her heart lik* a' ^rpeat's looih. She knew and felt , thai it was mwomanly to di3Ctisa gnch a question eren with topadly, Mks. Dulcimer, buf ate could not help jtekan* 4ho comfort to bfr obtained from such a t.':Mr to**, I*m sure of it,'' said the Vieart \- trite, #i«rc!wfrictwn, flharesocaitiastbon'. ,*JBpU^4?-pW not Ask her. to nasfe fine of tho ' U»onsaBd/i,liongh «ho would havy beon ? rery gljtd. ,. - w-Mn\ow detailed information. - ? ?' ^ftgwa»»U*'« «?8S «oo-jb«i the firo.- aud a^aiaali .. !l^\\-spec£lty ' aial^cia^alofy^U^ j^ 'been difficuUica about4billa and taxci— life^t ' homo w»i perpetual warfare aVa'ncn times.' Mrs. , Kpet bad beenaUirig for the lasi?&-rtmght j' hef temper ha9 been ailing too; The piper children were dense and insolent. Existenco was altoge ther a trial. Bella thought of Beatrix Harencld's Emooth life in' tho beautiful old Water House, with' its lights and shadows, Us old world comfort, its retinue of well trained servants, A dull life, no doubt, but a paradiao of rest. As a child Bella had boen curious ol her phyfcllore, but since both girls had grown ta womanhood euvy I al assumed a darker hue, black as tho juice of tho cuttlo 63b, which darkens all it_ touches. '' 'Letmeherring-bono those fl'nn-Is for you, dear Mrs. DufcimCT,' sald'Bella' at last, rousing herself from her' reverie, and presently tho jieedle was 'flying swiftly backwards and for wards as nfiss ScraicheU'3 fair head bent over her work. ' ? * She tried to be lively^ feeling it incumbent on her to amuse her kind'' patroness — and tho two women prattled on about servants, and gowns, and bonnets and the usual feminine subjects til! four o'clock, when it was too dark for any moro work; and they could only talk on by tho red glovr of the fire till it pleased tho omnipotent Rebecca to bring lamps and candles. The Vicarage dining-room was charming by this light. sTlie blocks of books, tlio shelves of old china, Undo John's portly sideboard standing out with a look of. human corpulence in the ruddy glow, and shining with a polish that did credit to Rebecca, Annt Tabitha's mahogany bureau glit tering with brassy ornamentation, the sombre crimson i of the well worn curtains giving depth of tone to the picture. Ye3, it was a good old room in this changaful aild uncertain light, and to Bella, after the discords and disorders of ^home, it seemed an exquuita haven of repose. There had been old fasbiSTied folding doors between tho dining-room and library, but theso Mr. Dulcimer had removed, replacing them with thick cloth enrtains, which made it easier for him to pass from room to room. ? The dock- had struck four and Mrs. Dulcimer was beginning to feel sleepy, when a ring at the house door put her on the alerf^ ' I wonder who it is,' sho said in an under tone, as if the visitor might hear outside tho hall door. 'It isn't Clement, for he has L-is key. And it couldn't bo any ordinary caller on such an afternoon. I daresay it's Mr. OulTerhouse come on parish business.' ? Bsllahad made tbc simc speculation, and her heart was beating painfully fast ' If it is Til draw him out,' whbpered the Vicar's wife. ? '' ' Oh, pray, pray, dear Mrs. 'DdTciner, don't dream of such a thing — ' ' ''', , '8b, my dear,' whispered 'Mrs.; Dulcimer, '* don't you be -frightenH;' ' ? I ? am 'not going to compromise yon. ? Z hope; I have more tact , than to do such a thing as that. - But I shall draw .him' out. I won't have -him trifle with you , any longer, ' He shall ? bo iuade to speak his rabid.' J ? '3-car'Mr3. Dulcimor, I beg — ' 'Mr. CulvcrhouEe, 'am,' announced Eebecca. et He wanted to tea moBtsr, but he eays you'll do. I've shown him into the 4ibery.f Mrs. Dulcimer row withont a word, squeczad Bella'3hand,put her fingeron her lip mysteriously, and passed through into tbo nest room, dropping the curtains behind her, and leaving Bella: alone, : in the dining-room. SLo grew pale, and trembled a little as ahe crept towards tho curtains. 'I think she must -mean mo to Helen,' 'she Eaid to herself, and eho took her eland just by tho central line whore tho two curtains met. Mr. Culverhousahad come to beg help for seme of bi« poor peoples. Widow Watson's liltlo boy had fallen into the fire while bis mother was out gelling her .little- bit of washing passed through a neighbor's mangle, aad there was old linen trantsd to dress his wounds, and a little wine, as ho was very weak from the shock. Good-natured Mrs. j Dulcimer ran off to bant for the linen, and to get the wine from Esbesca, and Cyril was loft alouo in the library. Bella stole back to her chair by tho fire. He might come in perhaps and find her thero. Ho was quite at homo in tbc house. She felt that *be would look innocent enough, titling thero by tbe little Work table. 8ho might even simnlate a gentle slnmbcr. Sno was yriso enough to know that girlhood u never prettier than ia sleep. Cyril did not come into tbe dining-room. She beard him .walking slowly up aad down the library, deep in though^, no doubt, . 'If Mrs. Dulcimer is right, be mast be think ing of me,' said Bella. .' I think of him all day long. He shuts everything eho out of my thoughts,' - Presently Mm. Dulcimer camo back. ' I have sent off a parcel of linen and somo sherry,' she said. 'A tbo osittad thanks for your prompt kindness. It is really a sad caite— the poor mother la almost ' beartbroken— ' 'Poor thing,' said Mr», Dojcimer, 'I cannot think bow tliey do manage to set themeelvcii on tiro so oicen. its quite an epiuemic. 'Their rooms are so small,' suggested Cyril. . 'True. That may have something to do with it.' How fciwd you mtutjfa this wet day. You'Jl stop to tea, of course, Clement -bai been book banting at Great Yafford and will be home soon, I have- got a brace of pheae&aU; for him. He'll want something savory after sacii a wretched day, HowUMaryftnitbewf' ? ? Mary Smitl^eis wwtho girl Bella hod talkod of vuiting. ' .'.-'' ''No better, poor soul,' saM Cyril. - 'There is only one change for lternow/'-. ' ? ?-. ' 'Ah,' sigbedMrt, Dulcimer, ' And that is a blessed vbolot% girl in bar position. ' , ? Her ton* implied that Heaven was a dcsirablo refuge for the desrtitatfl, a supernal alms hoaw, with caster terras of eleotioa than tlioao common to earthly aeyloms/ it -.' ~ 'Have you eeen much of poor ISary since she has been ill '!' asked ftlri. buldmer, artfully load* ing op to bor subject. - ' ' ' X see her m often as I o&n;, but not io often as I wish. Bat she Las beon well looked af lor,' /'Indeed.' ? : ? - '' Yoor UUb fftTWito; SliaJ Scratoholl/ uanloeo jq.'uitedoTotod t^Kei^'&na; foKuMtcly poor Mary lhaa takon a BtrongJEwcy to Miss Scratcholl.' r How fast Balla'a hoirt wa3: boating now, and how' cToibiier ear was to the narrow lind'boEween the curtains. ? . ' Your little favorite.' Tho careless kindness of his ton6 had a chilling sound in Bella s car. *' I am delighted to hear you say go,' replied Mre. Dulcimer. 'Bella is indeed a dear girl clover— accomplished— useful— a treasure at homo — beloved wherever sho goes. What a wife sho will make.' . ? 'A capital one,' said the curate, 'I should bo very pleased to marry her ? ' Bella's heart gave a leap, 'To some thoroughly good fellow who could givo her a happy .' Bella's heart sank as Ueaviiy as a lump of, lead. : 'And no doubt sho will marry well,' pursued tho curat ein t e same cheerful tone. ' Sho i3 a very attractive girl, as well as a good girl.' Mrs. Dulcimer began to feol uncomfortablo. Could she have been mistaken after all ? Could she havo misled poor Bsiia ? It was not tho first timo in hor lifo that her judgment had gono astray— but this timo she- had felt particularly sure of her facts, and sho had been moro than usually anxious for ths success of hor scheme. Bella's homo was so uncomfortable. It was absolutely incumbent on Mrs. Dulcimer, &3 an act^vvo Christian, to sot tbo poor girl married. Match making here wa3 cot an amusement but a stringent duty. , There was apauss, and for somo moments Mrs. Dulcimer thought of abandoning her idea' of drawing Cyril out. Tixo attempt might be pre mature. And thero was poor Bella listening intently no doubt, and having her young hopes blighted by the indifference of the curata's tone. Curiosity got the better o£ discretion, however and Mr3, Dulcimer pursued her theme. 'isbo ia a swoot pretty girl,' she said, 'I really think she growsprottier everyday. Iwonder you can talk so cheerfully of marrying hor to somebodyelso. What a charming wife she would make you.' 'J. daresay she would, if I wanted jast that kind of wife, and if she wantod such a person a3 me for a husband. But I daresay I am. a3 far from her ideal of a hO3band a3 she ia from my ideal of a wife.' Ballas knees gave way under her at this point, and sho sank into a languid heap upon tho lloor by tho curtains. Sho did not faint, but sho felt as if there were no moro power or lifo in hor Iimba, as i£ she had sunk upon that spot novcr to rise any more, ar if tho best thing that could happen to her would' be to li« there and feel lifo ebbing gaatly away, light slowly fading to eternal darkness. ? .'' .' ? - 'You astonish me,' criclMrs. Dulcimer; more indignant at the downfall of th'is . last chorished's^beme than sherhad ':€ver? Celt at any provibua faUureir --'Wliat- more1 ^ could you- want in a wrf-5? Bo^tj— cleverness— industry— good management.' 'Dsnto found? only ;onft?Ba|rice;[' said Cyril gravely, ' yet I have np^doubt there were plenty of women in Florencewho could ^ew on shirt buttons and make ecup.; I have found my Beatrice, I may never marry her, perhaps. But I am fixed for life. I shall never marry any one -'else.' . v . '' A now life returnod to Bella's limbs now. It was. aa if the blood thai had just now flov/od bo Bluggi&b;!y through her veins wa3 fladdenly ?changed to qaicksilvor. Slie roso to her fest again, and etobil, white aa a corpse, with her hands tighlly qlonched, hor lips drawn to^etlior till they tnado only a thin lino of pallid violet. The pretty Dresden china face was hardly recog nisable. . : - A sudden conviction had darted into her mind v/itb. Cyril's u|.toranco of that one word Beatrice, It was as if a fl%h of lightning bad revealed things closo at baud but wrapped in darkness till this moment, 'I never was more surprised in my life— or disappointed,' falterci Mrs. Dulcimer, quito ovcrcomo by this failure. 'I atn so £ond of you, Cyril — and so fond of Bolla — and I tliought you would make each a nica couple— that it would bo a delightful arrangoracjit in ovory way.' ' My dear friend, there ia a higher l'ower who rulei tUeso things. I am a beliovor in tlio old ikying that marriages ate ruado iu Heaven, and I hare not much failU iu tho wisdom of earthly match miking.' 'But thi3 was ia ovory way co suitable,' barpod Mn. Dulcimer, ' Bella is, such a good girl— a model wife for a man who li&s; to wake his way in tho world.' .. . :. ?., ...,..,.? 'Heaven defend me from a model. wife chosen for me by my friends,' ejaculated Cyril. '?Aud you bare paid her so much attention — you- uare been, bo warmly iutcrostod in hor parish wofk^. ,:; 'Hot more than I should bo in any good work dpno by any good woman. I trust,' pursued Cyri!/;wUh&*uddon look of. alarm, 'that I have done nothing in mislead Mhs Bcralclioll on this subject. I should hato myedf if I thought it wero ppasiblo, I can confidcutly iiny lLal I liavo noyer uttered a word that could Ijo misundcr blood bj tho most romantic young lady. Our convoraftlion lw alivayi* been perfectly Matter' of fact— about otbor people— novor about our«olvcH. I would as soon tako to writing uomiblu a» in dulge in tbe sentimental twaddle flora 0 curala cultlvato.' 'Pray don't alarm youwelf/' cried Mm, Dul cimQry rcmomleriog hor promm to Bolla. ' Wbh Bcratcholl hwsn't an idea upon tho subject. J know that she admiro»— rertros-cstccmH you—' bIjo tulfJod, tbuiking it Just poaslble to turn tbo. tido of bi» feelings by tbo ,wflr/fl' Booth wind of flattery, 'lot beyond lliat-ao -Bells Iis» loo mufcl» modcity.' I am nuro »uo has not a tlioaglit about being raarriod. It in only I wlio am anxious to ooohoreoitifortably sotllod. ' fit coufsb I cannot blarao you for my fiaring bcou dccolvod abont your fofclingfl. Bat I really do tliinlr, Cyri), ' that when t young nun h onjjagoil bo ongut to let bis laUnutofriondi^ know all about it. It would prevent misundorgtwdlnflf,' ' ''Tuero' are 'reasons why I' sliottlil'/sot talk fttoat my ongigomont, ' It Lw not boon tatlflo'l [by the'coDsent of (lid Jail/n family,' 'It 'mf\io] hH hofotOlCtoWtlJ.' .. ,.,. ,;, ftJj'. yAu/'Hmujui Mro, Dulciiaor4 ' «om-J fctlfiH lgirl'b:'4:motia:VO-rfpr^,\I1dacq3i^l'-'1& ttownis a rognlar man-trap.'' ' ' : ; Slio was seriously concerned about Bella'.' Tho poor girl, would frot perhaps— would lay her. sorrow at Mrs. Dulcimer's door, and for onco ia hor lifo tho Vicar'o wifo felt hpraelf to blatno. In tho a'etivo oxereiso o£ her charity Eho had dono more harm than if sho had lovod hor neighbor a littlo less intently, and loft other pooplc'a busi nes3alono. ?-???.?-. 'Poor Bella,' she thought, and she folt almost afraid to f aco her victim, yet nho was bound to go and console her, so after a little- desultory talk iwith Cyril about nothing particular sho excused herself on tho pretext -of looking af tor tho tea, and left- the curato to amuse himself with tho booka and periodicals heaped on Mr. Dulcimer's table, tho sobor drab Quarterly, tho Edinburgh inyollovF and blue, tho philosophical Westminster, liko a snako in sho grass. The dining-room was orapty when Mrs. Dulci mer returned to it, Bella had carried hor crashed heart ottt of the houso, into the gray rainy night which seemed in harmony with hor desolation. Sho bad crept quietly from tho room directly tho conversation between Cyril and Mrs. Dulcimer had changed to general topics, and. had. gone upstairs to put on her bonnot and shawl. On Mrs. Dulcimer's dressing table she left a brief pencilled note. 'I could not stay after what has happened, dear friend. Wa have both been foolish. Pray tniak no more about it.' Mrs. Dulcimer found this Iittlo noto presently when sho went upstairs to arrange her cap and readjust tho frilling and puffi.ag3 about her nock and shoulders, Tho little note gave her unspsakafele reliof. ' Noblo girl,' sho exclaimed, ' how heroically she takes it. . Yet I am suro sho is fond of him. And how good of her not to feel angry, with me for having misled her.' Mrs. Dulcimer would not have boon quito ao satisfied with the result of her manoeuvring could sho have seen tbe figure lying prone upon tho floor of BslIaScratcuell's barely furnished bedroom— the dishevelled hair— the clenched, hands— tho convulsed movemsats of the tbiu bloodless Iip3. Aud perhaps sho might have been for over cured of her passion for match-making conld sho hava heard the curaea which thoso pallid Iip3 called down upon her matronly head. 