A Villainous Case. AS ENGLISH CLERGYMAN BLACKMAILS JUS OWN SISTER-IN-LAW. . (London Week/u Times.) Richard Watson, 51, a clerk in Holy Orders, wfco pleaded' guilty nt the last sessious'toau in dictment for feloniously sending a letter demand-1 ing, with menaces, the sum of £200, was brought up, before Mr. Justice Lush, on Wednesday, for judgment. Mr. Seymour, addressing his lordship, said the prisoner, who was Stated to be a clergyman ot the Church ot Jingland,had recently carried on business as an ecclesiastical agent under an assumed name. In tho year 1855 he married the sister of the prosecutrix, who was herself the daughter of a country vicar; and in 1S64, his wife being still alive, he seduced the prosecutrix, who had a child by him, nnd from whom, for many years, he had obtained. large sums of money under the threat of exposing the shame of which he himself was the author. The mother of the prosecutrix died iu March last, and she became entitled to some money, when the prisoner committed himself by writing tho letter on which he was indicted. The letter, which wns read by the learned counsel, alter making monetary claims against thu lady's father, which was stated to have no foundation, threatened that uuless within a, week's time she provided him with £'200, the whole story should be placed before her father. The letter enclosed ;i ccrtilicate of the birth, of the child, adding that most of the x'eoplc at Craven terrace, were thu child was born, were alive, and well remembered hei1. The learned counsel commented strongly on thebaseness of the prisoner's couducl, aud appre hended that this was not au isolated case of his villauy. From letters found at the prisoner's office, it was to be feared that many young women had become his victims, beguiled by promises in dicated by a form, a copy of which, iu thu j'ri soner's handwriting, and signed by some young \vo wQtt,\vaaasiaua\csi'i,i£niuy ? ,takeyouKictmrd Marsh Watson, from this day forth to be my wed ded husband, aud 1 now swear ever to love you as your faithful, devoted and obedient wife, and to marry you so 60on as you are free, and call upon mo to do so; and in tjie meantime to live solely aud wholly as your true wife, and, forsalting all and every one else, to cleave unto you as long as we both shall live. I sweaV this in the name of the Father, the Son, aud the Holy Ghost. Ameu.' Mr. Seymour commented on the case iu strong terms, which, .lie said to his mind, did not present a siugle mitigating circumstance. Mr. Straight addressed the jury for the defend ant, explaining, in mitigation of punishment, that his health had been for years of a. most trying character, and iu consequence of disease he had to undergo: the amnutation of one of his Ibp-s. Mr. Straight believed, apatt from the state of his health, he had bean for a. considerable lime sub ject to very great pecuniary pressure, and it was under those circumstances he wrote the letter, which was utterly indefensible, and which he now bitterly regretted. Later iu the day, the prisoner was called up for judgment. Addressing the Court, he said be had not had the means of calling witnesses as to the state of his health, from which he had suffered for many years, and that he had belonged to a family, several members of whom had occupied honorable positions. He concluded by expressiug his regret that he had been betrayed into writing tlie letter which iiaa ueen a subject ot comment, Mr. Justice Lush, addressing the prisoner, said, he had given the fullest consideration to the case, and he must say it presented an instance of heartless villany, such as was Seldom met with. lie did not think he could give the least effect to any excuses which had beon used either by the prisoner himself, or his counsel. lie had been carrying on for some time a system of demanding money by threats of exposure. In this case lie had demanded £200 from his own sister-in-law, whom he had seduced tome years ago, aud he had threatened that it she did not procure that £200- he would make it lcnown to her family. One could liadly conceive, said the learned Judge, a worse case of the kind : and, looking at tbe surrounding circumstances, he could not do less thau pass a sentence of twelve years' penal servitude. ? 