THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING DEC. S, 1677. TUE Assembly yesterday practically closed the business of the Besaion by accepting an infringe- ment of its privileges on the part of the Legis- lative Council, and consoling ita wounded feelings by a protest against the action of 'the Council being drawn into a precedent. The facts were very simple. The Bill for the construction _ of public works as sent up to the Legislative Council from the Assembly, provided that the cost of the several works should be paid out of funds to be provided for the purpose by Parlia- ment. This provision the Assembly'' also pro- posed to make by the issue of debentures bearing interest at the rate of 4 por cent, per annum, and also sont up a Bill to the Council authorising the issue of the necessary debentures. The Legislativo Council passed, with a very trifling exception, the whole of the public works embraced in the Bill as sent up by the House of Assembly. But holding that roads to the tin district» would be only of temporary service, owing to what the Council anticipated would be the temporary nature of the tin mining industry, the Upper Chamber placed the expenditure in the tin districts in a separate schedule, and inserted an amendment in the Bill providing that the cost of the works should not be constituted a part of tho publie debt, but should be defrayed out of tho consolidated revenue. Though the sum thus proposed to be separately dealt with was not large, only £6,200, a principle was involved, and the Assembly holding that the power of originating the appropriation of money and imposing burdens, rests with the Assembly, considered tho amendment of the Council an infringement of the Assembly's prerogative, and refused to accept it. Though in the hurry of the late Ministry to wind up the session in November, 1876, a similar claim to alter a Money Bill was exercised by the Council, and thon admitted by the Assembly, there can, we think, be no doubt that the Council then exceeded its powers. The 33rd clause of the Constitution Act enacts ;-" All Bills for appropriating any pert of the Revenue, or for imposing any tax, rate, duty, or impost, shall originate in the said House of Assembly." Ad- mitting that the Council made no appropriation and it would bo a great concession to admit that atransferenceofadobtfromthedebenture account to tho ordinary revenue account, means nothing, the prerogative of tho Assembly confines to that branch of the Legislature the imposition of taxes, and wo maintain that it is trifling with common sense, and a play upon words, to argue, as was done in the Council, that it is in offect one and the same thing to provide (1st) that tho cost of any public work, or in fact any other expenditure, shall be added to the debt of the Colony, the taxpayor only providing year by year tho interest, or (2nd) to enact that the whole amount shall be paid down at once, and that the total ex- penditure shall be raised by the Colony in taxes ni one year, or even spread over two or three years. To apply the present caso, the argument of the Counoil is that it is equally the same, so far as the power of imposing taxes ¡B concerned, whether tho £0,200 is raised by debentures and the Colony annually payB £248 in name of interest in all time coming, or raises in taxes in 1878 the full sum of £0,200. The Assembly naturally could not concedo the demands of the Council, that however insisted on its right, and for the following reasons : " Because by the 33rd section of ' The Constitutional Act,' l8 Viet No. 17, it is enacted that ' all bills for appropriating any part of the revenue, or for importing , any tax, rate, duty, or impost, shall originate in the House of Assembly,' and the Bill in question did originate in the House of Assembly. "Because the right impugned in the present instance, when previously exercised, was recognised on the part of the House of Assembly in the case of the Bill to provide for the execution of Public Works, 1870." A Conference between the two Houses followed. The Counoil declined to give way, feeling itself to a certain extent master of the situation, and Ministers unwilling to imperil the passing of the Public Works Scheme, which would have followed a dead lock, very prudently, we think, advised concession and recommended the " Aasembly to waive its powere, and. accept the amendment of the Council under such a resolution or protest as would, in the opinion of the Aasembly, prevent tho action of the Council being drawn into a precedent. This Ministers thought would bo effected in the fol- lowing terms : This House, while firmly of opinion that the amend- ment made by the honorable the Legislative Council in Clause 4 of the Publie Works Construction Bill, 1877, is, in effect, a new appropriation of public money, and therefore not such an amendment as should have been made in the Council, doth nevertheless assent to the same for the following reasons : 1st. The Bill in question is one of the greatest public importance, and tliiR HOUBB is desirous that such BUI should be passed into law during the present session. 2nd. The session has already been much protracted, and most of the Members residing in the country have left for their homes, under the impression that the work of the session was almost concluded, which would render a lengthened discussion of the con- stitutional question involved inopportune and un- satisfactory. But this House, while yielding on the present occa- sion, and for the reasons stated, to the course adopted by a majority of the_Legislative Council, doth protest against the same being drawn into a precedent for the future conduct of public business, and doth affirm that it ia the exclusive function of this branch of the Légis- lature to initiate any Bill, or pnrt of a Bill, which in effect appropriates any part of the revenue, and that such appropriation when initiated in and- passtd by this House should not be increased by the Legislative Council ; whereas by the amendment made by the Legislative Council in Clause 4 of the Public Works Construction Bill, 1877, a Bimi of £6,200 is appro- priated out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund, which appropriation did not originate in and was not passed by the House of Assembly." There was no doubt a great temptation,for the sticklers for prerogative and principle to stand out. But the Assembly was, fortunately, in a dispassionate temper, and preferred a measure long anxiously asked for by the Colony and calculated to give it new life, to standing out for an abstract matter of right. But there was not unanimity. Mr. REIBEY, who, unfortunately for himself and his party, does not know when to be firm, when conceding, and who is regulated by no consideration of consistency, warmly opposed the acceptance of the Council's amend- ment, and seemed to exhaust his powers of in- vective against Ministers for giving way, and against the language of their resolution, which he designated as " drivelling, mean, and con- temptible," an opinion from which Mr, BROMBY took occasion to dissent. Mr. REIBEY, of course, took up the stand ho did " on principle." What his ideas of principle aro is a mystery, and as the English papers aro during vacation much occupied with reports of "Specchoa out of Ses- sion," an essay on principle by Mr. REIBEY during' the vacation would be a welcome addition to the political ethics of the period. He objected to the weak conduct of Ministers, and taunted them with sacrificing the prerogatives of the Assembly and the rights of the peoplo, merely as a matter of expediency, and to tide over a difficulty ; and, in an .unfortunate moment of false security, contrasted his own conduct last year with that of Ministers yestordoy. True, the REIBEY Government had formed the pre- cedent quoted by the Council, But under what circumstances was that precedent formed 1 Mr. REIBEY answered himself by saying that he and his Ministry had rebelled against what was done lost year, and had only given in out of deference to the ruling of . the then SPEAKER. But other peoplo were mixed up in that matter, and other people recollect what then took place ; and among those inconvenient forget-nothing people ia the COLONIAL TREASURER, who cruelly stripped Mr. REIBEY of his "principle" pinions by which he was attempting to soar so high, by reminding him that when in November, 1876, the amendment came down from the Council, the then COLONIAL TREASURER moved, without a word of protest or disapproval, that the As- sembly agree to the amendment of the Council ; that the then Ministry ondorsed the action of Mr. MEREDITH, then Treasurer, and that it was on an objection raised by li'in, Mr. GIBLIN, that the right of the Council to alter the Bill was challenged, and Sir ROBERT OFFICER gave his ruling. Mr. REIBEY is not slow at rising to explain, but he kept his seat, and wisely hold his tongue. _ SOME correspondence lias been laid before Parliament relating to the third rail laid down between Evandale Junction and Launceston for the Main Line Railway. Last year the company was authorised to run over the Launceston' and Western Rai) way for a period of twelve months from the 30th October, 187C, and on the 22nd of last month the COLONIAL SECRETARY wrote to the managor drawing attention to the fact that the twelve months had expired, and stating that "under all the circumstances of the case, the Government conaider that the amount payable by the company for tolls and compensation should be assessed at the sum of £7,000." Mr. GRANT, in reply, repeats what he has before maintained, viz., that that sum is very excessive, and, to the best of his belief, quite unprece- dented. As to the alleged heavy loss sustained by the Launceston and Western Railway, con- sequent upon the diversion of its traffic by the Main Lit.e Railway, he thinks this must be an error, and affirma that " the large increase both of passengers and goods traffic it has necessarily recoived from the inter- change at the Evandale Junction, has very far more than counterbalanced any slight loss of local traffic it may have Buffered. " He alao affirma that the company has performed a moat important service for the Launceston and Western line in conveying a large number of its passengers in the Main Line trains, and that it may reasonably claim the usual rebate on all the traffic it has taken to be carried upon the Western line, which, he says, would amount to a considerable sum. Mr. GRANT thinks the matter can only be settled by arbitration, and in saying this, he suggested that all the matters in dispute between the company and the Colony should be arbitrated at the same time. " Sinco the company," he aaya, "are not ina position to make any payment to Government in respect to their use of the Launceston and Western Hue until the questions now unhappily existing have been adjusted, .the Government may, perhaps, consider it worth while to let this matter stand over in view of the larger arbitra- tion." The Government, however, while con- senting to refer the "third rail" question to arbitration, did not deem it desirable to com- plicate the question of toll and compensation by the introduction of any othor points in dispute. We are to presumo, therefore, that arrange- ments are being made for the appointment of arbiters. _ IN Committee of Ways and Means, yesterday, the COLONIAL TREASURER moved that a sum not exceeding £20,800 be raised by the issue and Bale of Treasury Bills ; and in doing so he ex- plained that he proposed to redeem £5,200 of this amount next year, and that that would not materially aflbct the financial statement he mado on the 28th Septomber last. On that oc- casion, he said, he announced that tlie increase of revenue on tho first eight months of 1877 as compared with the first eight months of 1876 was £17,199 ; and he was now happy to inform the House that at the end of September the increase was £23,114 ; at the end of October, £26,248 ; and at the end of November, the increase for the eleven months over the eleven months of last year was £31,166. When he looked at the items which composod the receipta of the firat eleven months, he found that they exceeded the whole amount of in- crease which ho estimated ho should receive during the yoar ; and under existing circum- stances, instead of the revenue for the current year being £340,000, aa he had estimated in Septomber last, it would be much nearer £350,000, and, at any rate, the not revenue would bo £345,000. Therefore, fortunately for tho TREASURER and for the finances, the action taken by the Legislative Council, in insisting on the expenditure upon roads in tho tin mining districts being met out of the cm tent revenue, would not dorango the finances to any great extent. Tho hun. goiitleman's statement waa received with satisfaction by the House. THE news brought by the Vico-Proaident Prins, which arrived at Port Darwin, with cable messages, on Thursday, is the most important we have had for some time. The condition of affairs at the seat of war is anything but favourable to the Turks. The fall of Kars alone is ono of those unexpected events which will exercise a material influence in bringing the war to a close ; while if Plevna also ia captured by tho Russians, it ia more than probable that the Turka will bo only too glad to throw up the eponge, and consent to such terms of peace as may bo arranged through the mediation of the other Powers. It ia very natural that the Russian successes in Asia should have revived the outcry about British intorests being endangered ; but it is somowhat premature. The Russians have suffered too severely in the present contest to attempt anything which would cause a rupture in their friendly relations with Great Britain,and if they can secure such terms of peace as' will leave no doubt that they havo been completely victorious over the Turks, they will rejoice at the conclusion of the struggle, for the strain upon their resources has been immense-almost more, in fact, than they could bear. The war is of such transcendant interest that French politics attract comparatively little attention ; but matters are assuming a very ominous aspect there, fend another revolution is a catastrophe not at all improbable. Marshal MACMAHON is taking up' a very obstinate and dangerous atti- tude. The recent elections gave the Republicans a considerable - working majority-something over one hundred-in the new Parliament ; and yet, in the face of that, a Conservative Ministry has been formed. Of course the Chamber refuses to havo anything to do with it ; and, according to the telegram,' the Marshal has resolved on a policy of resistance to the Chamber. It has been well remarked that if Constitutional Go- vernment were a reality in Fronce, it would be merely a question of days when Marshal MACMAHON'S Prime Minister would resign, and the Marshal himself be obliged to at least sub- mit to the expressed will of the nation ; but with the army at his back, and with a power of resistance which has stood him in good stead before now, the PRESIDENT has determined to maintain his position ; and the next thing we Bhall hear of will be another coup d'etat such as has more than once disfigured French history. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-This branch of the Legis- lature yesterday passed the Appropriation Bill ; and on a motion for the withdrawal of .the Main Line Railway Act Amendment Bill, Mr. Innes tabled a resolution to the following effect :-"That this House deaires to express its protest against Parliament being prorogued without any provision having been made for the professional inspection of the Main Line Railway, so as to satisfy the public mind in respect to its general safety, equipment, and management." The Mineral Landa Bill, Scab Bill, and several formal measures were finally dis- posed of, and the Council adjourned at 9 o clock till 2 p.m. on Tuesday, when Parliament will be prorogued by His Excellency in person. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY.-The discussion on the consideration of the rcjwrt of the conference on the Public Work« Construction Bill was resumed at 4 o'clock yesterday when the House met. The House subsequently divided on the question of its adop- tion, and the report was agreed to in a thin house by 8 to 5. The amendments made by the Council in the Mineral Leases Bill were in part rejected by the House ; the Council did not inaiat upon their amendments. In Committee of Ways and Means, a resolution authorising the raising of £20,800 by Treasury Bills waa passed by the House ; the same was embodied in a bill, which, by suspension of the sessional orders, was passed through a|l its remain- ing stages. At 9 o'clock the Premier moved the adjournment of the House until Tuesday at 2 o'clock, in order to give His Excellency an opportunity of proroguing Parliament, The House accordingly adjourned to that hour. Mu. RËIBEY ON PRIVILÈGE.-Jn the House of Assembly yesterday a question of privilege waa raiaed by Mr. Reibey, with reference to a portion of our leading article of yesterday, iii which we stated:-"Mr. Rclboy aaid the judges were not warranted in assuming that Ministers, aa a Govern- ment, supported the position of the then Attorney General, for he knew it to be a fact that His Excellency had, in a private conversation, told Sir Francis Smith that Mr. Bromby's views of his powers were not the. views of Government." In his explanation to-day, made in a tone of voice which was with difficulty, and then only partially, heard in the gallery, be was understood to assert that tho words he had made use of were that he knew it to be a fact that His Excellency had in- formed the Chief Justice' privately that there had been no desire on the part of hia late advisers to constitute the Executive of the day a superior Court to the Supreme Court. We do not wish to split hairs with Mr. Jlcibey, But WO state moat un- hesitatingly that in our remarks we gave a corrcot report of what Mr. Reibey said, and several hon. members have, unusked, stated that they uro pre- pared to bear out tho literal truth of what we said. But why tie Mr. Reibey down to accuracy, when we find His Excellency throwing on the Premier the responsibility of having suggested a reference in the matter of the Despatches to the Secretary of State, and the Colonial Treasurer telling ua that the auggestion came from a higher source than Air. Fysh V ? Wityr NP.XT !-In the Legislative Council yester- day the President laid before the Council some letters received from Mr. J. Mitchell, of the firm of Messrs. Dobson and Mitchell, asking for a copy of the warrant under which he was recuntly imprisoned for an hour for contempt of the Legislative Council, and intimating " that legal proceedings against the President would be taken forthwith for the recovery of damages far wrongful imprisonment under the President's warrant. It was deoided to instruct the law officers of the Crown to defend the President in any action that might be taken against hint, and to authorise him to obtain any other legal advice that might be deemed ' necessary. Tho warrant and lottcrs referred to aro publiuhoil in the roport. of ti'" Council's proceedings in another portion of this issue. THEATRE ROYAL.-Shakspeare'a giaudjtragcdy of Hamlet was produced at the Theatre Royul last even- ing, and Mr. Pope is to be congratulated upon having achieved a decided success in the title role, his dress and appearance being all that could be de- sired. Though by alterations in the text he some- what spoilt some of the most thrilling portions of the tragedy, nevertheless his acting throughout the play evidenced unquestionable ability and careful study. To Mr. Ireland fell the parts of the "Ghost" and "Laertes," to which he did that justice which he always does to what- ever parts are entrusted to lum, and he well merited the applause which he received throughout the performance. Mr. Russell was tolerably successful oa the "King," und MeGowon added in no small measure to the success of the performance by his careful rendoring of the part of "Poltuius." Mr. South's acting as "Horatio" was feeble, and Mr. Nunn was not by any means successful as the " First Actor," evidently paying little hoed to Hamlet's instructions with regard to his acting. Miss Maggie Knight played well aa "'Ophelia," throwing much fueling into the mad scene ; and Miss Maher gave a quiet and dignified rendering of the character of the "Queen." Mr. Harry Power elicited much applause by his actiug of the quaint part of the "FirstGravefligger." With the exception of the inexpert shifting of some of the scenes, the play ran smoothly, and a desire was very generally expressed that the performance should be repeated. Mr. Pope appears this evening as The Stranger, ODDKKLLOWSIIIP.-On Wednesday evening lost about twenty-four members of the Tasmanian Star District, I.O.O.F.M.U., proceeded to Kangaroo Point in one of Mr. O'May a steamers, for the pur- pose of holding their annual meeting ia the Belle- rive Lodge Room. The meeting, which consisted of delegates from the Hobart Town and country Lodges, was opened at 7*45 by the P.G.M., when the following officers were elected for the ensuing twelve months : - P.D.G.M. Reid, as P.G.M. ; P.G. Jas. Evans, P.D.G.M. ; P.C.S. Strutt, re elected ; P.P.G.M. Meech, examining officer ; P. P. G. M. J Langford, relieving officer. The balance-sheet for the half-year showed a more than ordinary expenditure, on account of a large amount of sickness and deaths ; the sum paid by lodges for sickness being £292 Si. lid., and £143 has been paid from the district on accouut of the death of four members and two members' wives. Although the expenses havo been so heavy,the funds have still increased. The lodge have a capital of £2902 12s. 10d., and the district £1106 15s. 7d. The usual business of the lodge having been gone through, the meeting was closed. The members sat down to an excelleut supper, provided by Mr. and Mrs. Chapman. After the good things were dis- posed of, steam was got up, and tho members proceeded to their homes Hobart Town. THE Keren CRVSI'AL WAVE.-We are glad to learn that the owners of all the other ketches that entered in the passage boat race have decided to withdraw from the contest, and request the Regatta Committee to pay the prize moneys to the owner of the Crystal Wave, who was so unfortunate as to lose his vessel on Wednesday lost, and who has, together with his family, thereby been placed in necessitous circumstances. This decision on the part of the ketch owners is a very praiseworthy act, and speaks well for the unanimity tiley can show in a benevolent cause. A meeting will hi held at tho Albion Hotel on Monday evening next with a view to something being done iu older to the recovery of the Cryslal Wave. We trust that the meeting will prove a success, and that the little vessel will soon be restored to Mr. W. Hughes. REWARD FOR HEROISM.-In a very unostentatious manner a purse of sovereigns has been subscribed by a number of citizens, and presented to Mr. William Nichols, of the barge Moy Queen, in recognition of his conduct in having saved the lives of the crew of the ketch Crystal Wave on regatta day. AMATEUR FOUR-OARED RACE.-We have been re- quested to state the position of the Zillah. It was the third boat that passed the judges. In our report we stated tho naiuea of the first und second boats only, that being the usual manuer of re- porting races for which two prizes are offered. DERWENT YACHT CLUB.-The first heat of a prize of £10, offered by tim Dcrweut Yacht Club, will be aailed this afternoon, starting from the Castray Esplanade at a quarter-past 2. The following entries have been received :-Mr. R. Cumming's Foam, 9 tous; Messrs. Wright Broa.' Whirlwind, 8 tona; Mr. J. O. Turner's Alert, 5 tons. It is also pro- bable that Mr. R. Easthor'a Cadet, 5 tons, will start. "WALCH'S LITERARY INTELLIGENCER."—The current issue of this periodical announces the forth- coming publication of Walch's book and sheet almanacs, and gives an extensive list of Christmas goods of all kinds, which are now offered. TUNNACK RACES.-A meeting of persons interested in those races ia to bo held at Burns' Forçat Hotel on Saturday, tho 15th inat. HELD OVER.-Several lottora; reports of Oat- lands Railway meeting, Poultiy Society meeting, Supreme Court, Court of Requests, local and English Commercial. SHIPWRIGHTS' SOCIETY.-A meeting of member« of this society is to be held at their room, Collin* street, this evening. INTERCOLONIAL MAILS.-The following has been furnished us by the courtesy of the Secretary to the Post Office:-"The Mangana will moat probably arrive in Launceston from Melbourne about noon this day (Saturday). To prevent detention of letters until Monday, the mails will be sent on here by ex- press, and a window delivery will take place at or about 9-30 p.m. to all persons who may coll for their letters." TELEGRAPHIC NOTICE.-The following notice was posted at the Telegraph Office yesterday :-" The steamer Vice President Prins left Banjoewangie on ou November 30. She brings 245 messages, the latest London date being November 29. The cable steamer Edinburgh left Banjoewaujie on November 30 to repair the break in the Port Darwin section. Restoration of communication may be expected hourly." PATENT ECONOMIC REAPER AND BINDER.-A gentleman, who takes great interest in all agricul- tural mattera, and especially in the employmont of labour-saving appliances in connection there- with, informs us that yesterday he hod an oppor- tunity of seeing a trial of one of W. A. Woods and Co.'s patent reaper and binders, which has recently been invented in America. The machine had been imported for Mr. Andrew Denholme, of Orielton Park, at whose estate the trial took place. The machine cuts the crop so as to fall upon a can- vas apron. This is moved by rollers on to gutta percha elevations, by which the crop is transferred into the binder receptacle, and when a sufficient quantity has accumulated to make a sheaf, the driver sets a lever in motion by raising his foot. The binder arms then seize the wheat, compressing it at the same time, when the binding process, in which No. 20 annealed steel wire ia used, takes place. This, however, is of too technical a character to make intelligible to our readers. The trial was a great success ; the machine did its work admirably well, with great expedition, and with that important desideratum-economy. The machine ia capable of binding from 12 to 15 ocrea, according to the crop, the only outlay being the first cost of the machine, food for two horses, wages for one mau, and' from Is. (id. to 2s. per acre for the wire used. We under- stand that there ia a probability of another machine being tried shortly in the district of Clarence, and Mr. A. Morrisby has ordered two of the patent reapers and binders, SUNDAY SERVICES, - At the Congregational Church, Bellerive, the Rev. B. S. Bird will preach in the afternoon. At the .Mariners' Church, the Rev. R. M. Webster is expected to conduct service at 3 p,m. At the Wesleyan Church, Melville street, the Rev. J. Waterhouse, of New South Wales, will preach in the morning, and the Rev. J. White in the evening. . GLENOKCKY MUNICIPAL ELECTION. - Mr. R. Shoobridge is to address the electors of Glenorchy in the Presbyterian school-room on Tuesday evening nqxt, 