PASTORAL. Although the time that has elapsed since the change from drought to rainy weather is too short to admit of any great benefit to the pastures, the reports from all the large sheep and cattle districts exhibit a jubilant tone as to the altered prospects. Bare earth, sere parched herbage, flocks and herds deeimated by starvation, or wandering like troops of ? ghosts over grassless wastes, were the realities that stared pastoralists in the face a few weeks ago. Now come visions of fresh, abundant pasture, gushing waters, fat and con tented flocks and herds. We say visions, because some montns n.ust pass before stock can redeem the great loss of substanue, or before the feed will be so plentiful as to keep up their good condition when regained. Intelligence as to the clip, though somewhat premature to be altogether trustworthy, tends to the anticipation we expressed last week that it will be neither so fight nor bo indifferent in quality as the past bad season might lead us to expect. It is reported from Deniliquin, by the Times of Saturday, that there has been another fine fall of rain, and there 'is every prospect now that the drought is .broken up. The rain, from accounts that have reached us, is pretty general throughout the district, and many stations will be saved tte expense of sending the wool dirty : also, the pastaralists will now dispose of their sheep more profitably than by sending them to Melbourne. On many stations the drought jjaB decimated the numbers of the flocks, so that those who nave sheep to sell can dispose of them to their neighbours w:thin the district. On Tuesday last 450 fat cattle (Tyson's) jassed, consigned to J. C. Walker and Co., Sandhurst; on Monday last 5800 Mossgiel fat sheep were wicked, consigned to Ryan and Hammond. On Thursday \--o4O fat sheep (M'Nieoll's) from Mount Boorithumble were trucked (Dal. Campbell, Hepburn, and Co., agents), ana 311 fat cattle from Bogandina travelled past, consigned to Kyan and Hammond. This (Friday) morning 300 fat cattle (Peppin and Webber's) from Kyabra were trucked fiere, consigned to E. Gibson and Co. : and 15,000 store ^eep from Cobran, sold by Ryan and Hammond to Armi ?age, of Nocholitchie, Paroo, passed here, travelling north wards ; 6000 fat sheep from Till Till, conuigned to King and v-ianmngham, are believed to be close at hand. 400 fat cattle have started from J. Tyson's Tininbore station, « airego Biver, in charge of Parker, consigned to R. Gib son and Co., Melbourne. The following lots of fat sheep and lambs will be trueked on Mondav next:— 2000 fat ™cep from Morago (Bell and Son's), Peck, Hudson, and ^ayijor, agents; 2 trucks lambs (1 for Brown and 1 for 'a*ieidi] k consigned to Dal. Campbell, Hepburn, and Co. ; ftotto (Doyle's) to Richard Gibson and Co.; 2 ditto tttolmee 8) to Etterehank, Eaglestone, and Mann; and 27 trucks of Landal's Magenta sheep to Richard Gibson and Co. From Gunnedah we hear by the Namoi Independent of the 20th that the district has' had about twelve hours' con tinuous rain, besides occasional showers and storms, and by the appearance of the sky at present we anticipate more rain. The country round* the district is daily improving in appearance, though we hear that in some parts of the dis trict the rainfall has not been so heavy as with us. How ever,t he reports we hear tend to confirm in reality the supposition that the drought has at last broken up. Since Saturday (says the Grazier of the 19th) no rain has fallen at Hay, with the exception of a light shower on Monday night. The weather has evidently taken up again, although a few predict that the sudden rise in the tempera ture which we have experienced since Saturday indicates another fall of iam. At present woolgrowers are looking forward to an early resumption of shearing operations, which were suspended on several of the stations on' account of the break in the weather. We are glad to learn that the wool is generally more satisfactory as to quantity and quality than was anticipated under the very adverse cir cumstances which ruled in this and neighbouring districts during the past season. Latest accounts from the head of the Murrumbidgee and Murray rivers lead us to believe that the new clip will be forwarded as quickly as it comes forward to the frontage, although at the present moment navigation is conducted with great difficulty, risk, and loss. The following stock movements are reported :—4315 fat wethers were started from Coan Downs station on the 1st September last, and passed Hillston, in charge of Mr. D. M. Robson, early last week, for Melbourne via Hay. 16,000 sheep, the property of Messrs. Macleay and Clark, from Messrs. Desailly's Paddington blocks, are reported to be approaching on their way to Kerabury, in charge of Mr. Thomas Harrington. Mr. Alexander Scott, in charge of 385 Wanganalla and Bnrrabogie rams for Coombie, Merri Merrigal, and Hillston, is travel^ ling in that direction, having passed through Hay the other day. 1800 fat «heep left Oxley station for Melbourne on the 6th instant. 2570 mixed fat sheep started from Togan main for Melbourne via Deniliquin, about the loth instant. The crossings at Hay Bridge since Saturday last are— 8500 fat sheep from Albemarle, in charge of Mr. Nolan, for Melbourne, on Sunday ; 15,600 store sheep from Mr. Henry Ricketson's Baratta ' station, Edwards River, travelling towards the Bland, Mr. P. Lelliott in charge, on Monday ; 7300 fat sheep, belonging to Mr. J. G. Alien, from Barcal dine Downs, in charge of Mr. Andrew Roe, for Melbourne, yesterday. At Wagga, according to the Express of Saturday, the weather during the past week has continued very suitable to the growth of feed, which has made wonderful headway In addition to the previous rain we have had nearly another inch, making the total, since the break up of the drought, within a very little of three inches'. As evidence of the effect of the removal of the quarantine regulations on the Border we may state that information has reached us of a purchase of sheep for a neighbouring station at 4s. 6d. in victoria, local holders of suitable stock now asking from 10s. to lls. for stock of a similar character. Down the river they have had weather such as has been the order here. Intelligence from Dubbo, by the Dispatch of the 22nd, is to the eflect that the weather since our last has been nice growing weather, and, as a consequence, the feed is springing fast. The appearance of the country right round is most pleasing, especially when contrasted with the look it wore a few weeks back. Last week's rain did an immensity of good, and it was, we are pleased to state, followed on. Monday night and Tuesday morning by eight or nine hours''steady soaking rain, followed by occasional showers during Tuesday and Wednesday. There is no fear now felt about Dubbo. There is sure to be a good spring, for although the quantity of rain that has fallen is not by any means sufficient to enable one to say that the drought has broken, it, at all events, is enough to make it safe to predict that feed will be forward for the summer. The rainfall of last week has, as we expected, been general. Twenty-four hours' rain fell at Brewarrina. On the Wammerawa, it came down without intermission from 12 o'clock on the 11th till 4 o'clock on the morning of the 12th. Our correspondent says: — 'I may safely say we had fifteen hours' heavy rain — in fact, quite ample for the present, and all our fears of the drought have been allayed.' At Cannonbar ' our own ' writes : — ' A change has at last come, and during the past ten days some nice rain has fallen ; in all, about 2£ inches have come down. Grass is springing beautifully, and a brighter future is now visible. Stock will soon pick up, and with a few more showers a really good spring would follow. Weather . appears like more rain.' On the Mara Creek some nice - showers have fallen, but the frontages are dreadfully bare, and will for some time continue so, they have received such a clearing off from travelling stock. On the Merri Merri fourteen hours' heavy rain fell, and at Quambone, owing to the opportune visitation, the idea of shearing in the grease has been abandoned, and in a few weeks the spouts will be at work. At Coonamble nice showers fell, but more is wanted, as water is giving way on the back. At the Lower Castlereagh it was much heavier. At Warren, says our correspondent : 'On Monday and Tuesday nights we had a fair share of rain, which is causing a spring in the feed.' Right through the North- West the rain of last week has been general, and, judging from appearances, that 'which we have hadjthis week has also been general. The shearing is going ahead, but in many sheds labour is scarce. The Dubbo district stock items are few this week. 200 head fat cattle (Sullivan's) are about Booka Booka, for market. A lot of fat cattle (Perry's) are about to leave the Mara, in charge of Simpson, for Dubbo. 1500 store cattle (Hill's) have left Grawhay for Queensland. A lot of stores (Cobb and Co.'s) have left BucMinguy for the Warrego. The Forbes report (by the Times of Saturday) observes that at last the drought seems to .have thoroughly broken -up, and there is every prospect that we are entering upon, let us hope, a succession .of good seasons after the trying ones we have passed through lately. And the same good news reaches us from all points of the compass. East, west, north, and south the reports are all of copious falls of rains, and the prospects of the country and the people are raised in consequence. In our own immediate neighbour hood the fall during the past fortnight has 'been about four inches altogether, a sufficiency to ensure not only an abundance of summer grass, but to carry the large acreage of crops well on to maturity. From all that we can hear almost every tank and waterhole is full, so that for somo time to come we have nothing to fear. Usually the young shoot of grass at this season has the advantage of seme old dry stubble to protect it from the scorching rays of the sun; now, after every bit of herbage has been eaten down to the roots, it will have to take its chance ; but so far it is growing most vigorously, and as the weather still continues cloudy it is to be hoped that it will make good headway before the summer proper sets in. At several of the sheds in this neighbourhood shearing has already commenced, and we learn that the clip so far looks better, both for quantity and quality, than was anticipated. By next month, or within a week or two, the majority of them will be in full swing. The following are the passings for the week:— 5000 sheep, Mr. Doyle's, of Yamma, Thomas Doyle in charge ; 650 sheep, E. Doyle's, owner in charge ; 4000 sheep, Mr. Ryan's, Dennis Ryan in charge; 3340 sheep, Mr. R. A. Barber's, R. Ball in charge; 4000 sheep, Mr. Caleb Nash's, J. Littlejohns in charge ; 4260 sheep, T. H. .Glasson's, J. Rothery in charge; 4000 sheep, Mr. O'Leary's, owner in charge; 2000 sheep, T. Dewere's, owner in charge. 