] , GENERAL NE.WS. Yesterday (aays Saturday's Evening News) the body of a ohild waa diaaovored in Mrs. Kelor'fl yard, at Balmain, whore it had been dragged by a large dog. The remains wero mich torn aa if gnawed by some- animal, and the head and intestines wore missing. The matter waa reported to the City Coroner, but as DA Halkett, who oxamined the remains at the Cifoular Quay dead-house has roportod thoíj it ia impossible to hold a po8t-mortem,examination with any satisfactory result, the coronor has dispensed with an inquest. ' ' , - Tbo Evening News of Saturday says .--Mary Connolly who was looked up last night »n^thu Polioo Station, for drunkenn'oBB, and brought bofore the Court this morning, waa scut, to gaol for a month. Sho was aUo chargea with having, while oonfined ia the cell, stolen a plaid shawl, the property of a fellow prisoner who was also looked up for a broaob of temporáneo, and being convicted tborcof, waa ordered to bo imprisoned, an'd kept to hard labour for seven days ' At the Croydon County ¡.Court recently a lady wto 'was said to be the widow c1 a naval officer, was sued for ¿6-17 15s., balance tot account. Wihe judge on look- ing over the bill of particulars, befsra giving judge tnenVrcquired some éxplnnatiojf. An assistant to the plaintiffs saitrthe att«Jjnt was for .bonnets sup- plied to the del one ant: »Tra Hotflmrjyitli astonish- ment) -¿C47 for bonnets I How many, pray 1 Wit- ness-Five His Honour.-That is nearly ¿610 each. Witness-The ladv required a diamond spray in one of.the feathere, which were all very .costly. His Honour-Costly I I Bhould think so, indeed. Well as there is no defence, you are entitled to a'verdict; but it seems to nu wicked) and reprphqnsiblo extra- vagance.1 The price of one of those articles should be sufficient to ureas'a lady well. - » a strange occuirence recently took place in the "Tasmanian main Uno of railway. A young lady nahied Miss,Biggs jumped from'the trun from iv groundless fear of ti fellow-pnssenner. Ituappears that the only other occupant of the compartment an| inoffensive labouring man-closedt some of the windows, and pulled out and opened n knife, nndoom 'manced cutting up some tobacco. .When the^ pr - 'liminary opeiations were finished, he turned round tor- Hie purposj of lighting bis pipe, and immediately the 'girl jumped through the >viudow On the-oppo 8i tb sidu. The man ns so on as ho saw what had happened, at once gav.e'tho alnrni,'and the train was stopped as quickly aB possible. Mtsa'Bi^gs, when found, was, with the exception of a few bruises, not mich the worse lor her startling adventure, but tho prevailing opinion was wonder that sho was not killed outright. -Oil being asked'the renson;of'hor strange conduct, Miss Biggs, we believe, replied that she thought she would not o"ut and w<ilk hoine,^ but she subsequently admitted that'she wrtfc<frightened that her fellow-passenger intended to murder her. An unfortunate acoident happenajlrwith the Mel- bourne hounds on Sawdaiyiiaav8 ti» irt/ui of Aug. 27\. which resulted in a shn o?*SH. Boltjie, of Toor.ik, bejng severely injured. .The meut wash-t.Weinbee park, where a good muster of the members of the hunt assembled. Mr. Baillie did not follow the chase, but with His Excellency the Go\ornor and Mr. Andrew Chirnside, was making n short cut to watch the hunt. There was a gateway in the line which was formed by a c >uple of hurdles. Mr. Baillie put his horse at the hurdles, bat, instead of taking the leap, which waB a very moderate one, the hqrso swerved to one side, and ran into the wire fence, over which he fell, rolling over his rider, As Mr. Baillie was found to be badly injured, he was at once conveyed to Werribee house, and Dr. James was telegraphed for, but he being nbsent, Dr, Bowen went down by the afternoon train in his place. It was found nat advisable ta remove Mr. Baillie at the time, and Dr. James who went to Werribee by tho evening train, superintended , bis removal to town by the last train. Mr. Baillie was taken direct to his father's house at Toorak. On examination it was found that he had received a severe iujury to the head, and up to yesterday evening he had not re- covered consciousness. Dr. James has been in cl'>se attendance, but dees not expoct any change in his patient till to-day. The Mount Perry correspondent of the Marybo- rough Chronicle states :-A very disastrous firo broke out about 2 o'clock this morning, in the slaughter yards of Messrs. Pollock Bros. The fire was fir»t dis- covered by two miners named Nenuies, and Cox, who were living in the neighbourhood. Arriving at the scene of the conflagration, thoy lound 'that a very large shed was in flames ; in the shed was, at the time a great number ef sheepskins, hides, and tallow; one cask of tallow (partly burned), and soma half-dozen hides were all that was Baved, Messrs Nonni s and Cox, the only persons present, managed, at great risk tj themselves to pull down some fences and small sheds connected with the burning building, and by that means succeeded in staying the further ravages of the devouring element, and saving from destruc- tion property worth several hundred pounds. 1500 sheepbkms, some hides and tallow, and a great num- ber of other articles fell a prey to the flames. How the fire originated is at present a mystery,,as no fire was used during the day under the boilers or in the yard, and no person slept on the premises, Messrs. Pollock Bros, estimate their loss at upwards of ¿£200. The greatest praise is due to Messrs. Nennios and Cox, thrpugh wbsse exertions the rest of the extensive es- tablishment was saved, for it is certain that, but for their timely arrival on the scons of tua djaaBter, the whole of it would have been in ashoa, . A contrivance baa been patented by Mr. W Bracker, of Bourke-street weat, for preventing a horse from running away with a vehicle when he bnppecs tb be left nnwatched in the street, Mr. Bracker haa aorewed a brass collar to the nave of the off Wheel, and on the collar fitted a hook. When the driver descends from his seat, all he haa te do is to fasten the reins by means of a connecting strap and ring to the hook. Should the horse then start off with the vehicle, the reins would be immediately tightened up ¡by the running of the wheel, and before ho could advance more than two or tbree'psces he would have the; wboloof tbo pulling to do with his mouth instead of his body. The reins act on the horse in the same way as if pulled by the hand, and the horse would be glad for his own comfort to stop. The collar is so i adjusted to the nave that it is free to turn independ- ently of the wheel when tha latter runs backwards. Consequently, when the horse backs with the vehicle, the. light strain that is on the reins is sufficient to prevent the book from following the wheel/and so shortening the reins. Were it not for this precaution, the horse would bo pulled back as he i went back, and eventually placed in a very awkward pre dicjuncnt. The apparatus only acts when the animal moves ahead, and it comes into effect the moment he starts. . I < ' As the railway advances into the interior) we hear (says the Burrongong Argus) many lnatancea of the amazement of the natives at the wondrous powers of the iron horse, and certainly the one that c >mes to ua from near Murrumburrah will bear repeating. A middle-aged man wbo had been bom and passed all his days in the interior, arrived on the railway 'lina the other day from the back blocks, The engine waBengoged shunting trucks at this time, pushing them into a siding. Looking at them in silent wonder for a time, our rustic friend at length turned to a mnn standing by and said-" Well, you call that a railway; I always heard that the engine drew the carriages, but I'm blussed (á rather stronger exple- tive was used) if they haven't got it now that the carriages pull the engine." " The Chinese camp at Ballarat on Friday nißlit," relateB the Star, ' " resembled a vast beehtvo more than anything else, for it was crowded iroui dusk until dawn by larrikins, chinese, and siglifc-seera malo and female. The annual coremony ot provid- ing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. 'About ¿£30 was collected to pay expense?, and wee laid out in firewood, food, and paper patterns of clothing. At dusk a large fire waB lit in the open air, and tom-toms, kettledrums, and read pipes used, to produce an ear-splitting choru*. This music, un-r earthly, though not very spiritual, wns kept up till midnight to attract the attention of the spirits for whose ben ifit tho good things were provided, Spirit etiquette seems be the same all'the world over, nnd ¡tis not ' the thing' for evan Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight. At that witching hour gin and wine were spilt upon th > earth, and dishes wherein rice, fowls, truit, vegetables, and pudding formed an olia podrida wore placed around the fire. When the spirits were supposed to have eaten enough to lnst them for an another twelve month, nnd w irnied them- selves thoroughly, tho papor clothes were burnt nmid many quaint ceremonies. The food was then distributed among paupers of tho camp, a croup of the loathsome lepers from near the filflo butts,,.who*'^ had crawled to the ceremony, getting a fowl" to» therae-lves." Concerning the Evandale murder, the Cornwell Chronicle of August 24 reports :-" An inquest was held at Evandale on Wednesday, before Mr. Charles Arthur, to ascertain the cause of death of Thomas Rudge, who was found shot dead on Tuesday morn- ing, in the kitchen of his employer, Mr. John Pear- son. John Bresnahan, the supposed murderer, has been arrested and was present at the inquest. Ac-- cording to the evidence, he had also been employed by Mr. Pearson, but bad been paid off on Saturday night. He then commenced drinking, and got rid of all his money by Monday. He disappeared from Evandale for some time, and then returned with a good supply of cash. The evidence also went so far as to show that he had visitod Mr. Pearson's house and threatened the deceased, with whom he had' quarrelled before he was discharged. The deceased was shot in the face, and he was terribly mutilated by the discharge. A gun was found lying near him. Rudge was a steady, sober, inoffensive man, about 65 years of age. À verdict of wilful murder was re- turned by the jury against Johnl Bresnahan, and he was committed for trial on the coroner's warrant. 