The Turf. Feu. 24. Weights declared Warwick Handicaps. Mail 1. Entrances Randwick Maiden Plate. "Nominations, Dalby Handicaps. 10 Acceptances, Balonne Handicaps. 25.? Entries close Roma Handicaps. 10\. Weights, Dalby Handicaps. 30 Nominations close for Ipswich Cup, Hurdle Races, Flying Handicap, Breeders' Cup, and Grand Handicap, Ipswich. 17.? Acceptances, Bourke Handicaps, Darling River. 20\. General entry, Balonne Races (St. George). 23\. Entries close, Warwick Hurdle Race. 23.? Acceptances, Warwick Handicaps. Ari. 3. Weights declared Ipswich Cup, Hurdle Race, Flying Handicap, and N.A.tO. Grand Handicap, Ipswich. 4\. Weights declared Warwick Hurdle Race. the Entrances Q.T. C. llaudicipandllrisb.-uio Cup. 17\. Acceptances Ipswich Cup, Hurdle Race, Fly- ing Handicap, and N.A. J.C. Grand Handicap, Ipswich. 20\. Weights declared Roma Handicaps. 23\. Nominations close for Charleville Cup and Warrego Grand Handicap. 23 General entry, Warwick Races. 25, 20. Warwick Annual Races. Hay 1. Entrances close Maiden Plate, Gilpin Stakes, ; Queensland V. and A. Association Stakes, Stewards' Cup, and Sapling Stakes, at Ipswich. 3.? Acceptances for Roma Handicap. 4\. Weights declined Clwrlovillo dip and Warrego Grand Handicap. 8\. General entry Ipswich Races. 8\. General Entry Western Queensland Racing Club Annual Meeting (Roma). 9,10. Roma Races. 10 General entry, Brisbane Races. ll, 12.14. Ipswich Races. 15.?woighta declared Brisbane Cup and Q.T.C. ¦ Handicap. 21\. Acceptances Brisbane Handicaps. 54\. Entries close Burke- District Jockey Club ; Handicaps. £4, 20. Brisbane Races. June 1. Weights declared Burke District Jockey Club i Handicaps. the Nominations close Charleville Flying Handicap. Acceptances 'due for Oharvllle Cup and Warrego Grand Handicap. 20, Weight declared Charleville Flying Handl 20, 27. Warrego Racing Club Charleville Races. July 1. Acceptances for Burke District Jockey Club ; Handicaps. ll, disburse District (Gulf of Carpentaria) Jockey Club Races. Good jockeyship and good training are coming more and more to the front every year in Australian racing matters. The abundant supply of good colts well-bred and well-performed, as well as of four and five-year-old horses, makes every event to be keenly contested, and many a good animal never gets a prize at all. Jockoyahip (as that of Yeomans on Mountaineer at Albury) carries the day now in conjunction with perfect condition, and the question now before a big race is not, Whom is the candidate bred from ? or, What has he done ? but, is he or she the best conditioned horse in the race 1 The public go piling their money on "bo and so," either because he is by Maribyrnong pr Yattendon, or because he won such and such a handicap or produce stakes, ignorant of the fact that he was then in tip-top fettle, and is possibly CO per cent, below concert pitch now. The knowing ones who got the correct tip about a horse's condition, or who are judges enough to see it with their eyes when it stands before them, are the men to pull off good things in fa ture in the line of boys, for it must be seen by anyone of common sense that brooding is now carried to such a pitch of perfection, and the merits of the horses (apart from training and allotment of weights) are so evenly balanced, that nothing but condition on the day and artistic jockeyship of the rider can turn the scale in favor of one or the other. This is found to be the case in England, where nearly all owners train their horses well, where all the horses are pretty equally well bred, and stand much alike in their untrained merits, and he people at home now back the jockeys rather than the horses. And until people get to be judges of condition the bookmakers will " have " them. How many people, I wonder, took the double of Thyra and Melbourne at Glen Innes? It must have been a clean "skinner" for the BRIg. At latest advices from home the racing season was fully over, frost had set in, and the usual annual "spell" was being enjoyed by bookmakers, horse- owners, and the rest of the ot police that go to make up the turf circle. They all need a rest badly, for the season in England is one continual rush per rail from place to place, in order to put in an appearance at all the numerous and endless meetings that have to be gone, through by those who want to turn an honest or dishonest penny by the deeds of horseflesh. , Toparody Tuppor's " Proverbial Philosophy"? Dodge and various in kind are the methods of working the oracle,' And the core who is not up to our ll' in life's handicap race will be distanced ; 'Tis worse than unlimited loo for to seek the small pox 'neath the thimble. And early must he quit his couch who Would capture the weasel that sleepeth. And it is a moot point with myself whether the English or Australian bookmaker leads the harder life of it. 'Tis true there are not so many meetings crushing on one another out here as at home; but then, on the other hand, there is really no recess in the Australian turf season, as there is in the old country in winter. The climate is- more fervid here, and the travelling rougher; and if there be not more of night registering to go through in Australia than there is in England in the season, I fancy that the pace is faster out here, and the "liquoring up" heavier, and the poor Australian bookmaker seldom gets a spell. His blue lips often told a tale of heart disease that the sturdy limbs avail not to contradict in the eye of a physiologist. Yet, for all that the constant healthful change of air and scene, and the excitement of travel, must tend to counteract much of the evil effects of late hours, for when one reads of the death of any prominent turfite, either in Australia or at home, so he trainer, horseowner, bookmaker, or what not, he has generally attained a good round ago, and in some cases extreme longevity, before he makes up his mind to turn up his toes to the daisies. Horsey mon, jockeys excepted, seem to have far better and longer lives than professional cricketers, who, perhaps from want of early rising, are old men of forty. And apropos of jockeys' healths and the way they suffer from over-eating, I may mention that Colonel Forrester, at home, went so far as to propose, at a recent meeting of the Jockey Club at Newmarket, that 4 st. 7 lbs. should be carried in Homo races, an idea that was at once and very properly "sat upon," as scarce any boy could reduce, even at the loss of health, to this standard, and would be perfectly useless to ride a winning race at such a weight. Great efforts have been made by such bigwigs as Admiral thousand Lord Falmouth to persuade the French to reciprocate and allow English homes to run for prizes all over France, the same as French horses are allowed to do all over England, but" mounser " don't seem to see it. He says that horse racing and rearing is but a " baby" art as yet in France, and that its country patrons would withdraw their money support if foreign English horses were allowed to compete. This is very rich," when one remembers Gladiator, Fille de L'air, Flageolet, Board, diamant, Vernoull, and others, nice sort of " babies I" And yet they have been allowed without grudging to carry off the plums of the English pudding. But Joan Crupaud won't reciprocate, and so John Bull must grumble, grin, and bear it all as best he may. ' . The races at Warwick, the midland county of England, were favored by soft ground at' the start, and by frost on the last day of the three. Ten events per day were hutA work to get through when daylight is only'eight'hours or so out of the twenty-four; and the Union Hunt Cup was won by Sans Pour who cost his owner 350 guineas to buy him in, and was sold to Captain Machell for 700. The close of the season has brought on a perfect plethora of horse sales, comprising Arab hunters and others and at Tattersall's, Lowlander was started at 2000 guineas, and bought in at 2500. The Ghost was bought in at 1400 guineas. Talisman, a French bred horse, by Le Sarazzin, from La Fortune, fetched 900 guineas, as did also Concha, a brown colt, by Asteroid from Arapeile, sister to Pero Gomez, by Beadsman. There was great sensation at Liverpool when Congress, with the unmistakable welter impost of 12 st. 7 lbs., won the Grand Sefton Steeplechase, and the Grand National Handicap Hurdle Race at Croydon was a most exciting event, comprising Whitebait, Regal, Foudro de Guerre, Woodcock, Wild Duck, Jupiter, Melrose, &c.; Woodcock, a son of Mary, and Typhoon, a horse with a game log, but magnificently bred, who can do anything on soft ground, proved the winner. The great Metropolitan Steeplechase was a grand dish, wholebagsof backing sovereign a being behind many a horse in it, pressing him on to the front of the meeting; it was won by an Irish mare called Pride of Kildare, who started at 10 to 1, the shortest priced favorites being Zero and Congress. The wind-up after a splendid race, with varying fortunes over hurdles and water jump, saw two Irish horses and one French one filling the first three places, to the discomfiture of the Saxon oppressor, or Perfidious Albion, whichever you may please to call him. I have frequently quoted in my notes the high prices realised by first-class stock at sales. Let me now, by way of contrast, mention some cheap lots. What does the reader say to Flying Dutch- man, by Voltigeur, from Borealis by Newminster, for fifty guineas, or Carolus, by Melbourne from Cairns, by Stockwell, for fifty-one guineas. Why don't they send them to Australia in place of selling them at Tattersall's on November 27 ? Nearly as great a job lot was Alexandra, a three year-old, by Macaroni out of Juanita, by St Albans, for ninety-five guineas. The weights for the St. George Handicap commence pretty high. The speedy Garryowen heads them with 9 st 7 lbs., and the pony Dirk will groan under 9 st 5 lbs.; the strong, if not swift, -galloper, Blazcaway, must hump 9st. 2 lbs., but without going through the list, which appears elsewhere at full length, I cannot help thinking that Joshua, with 7 st 10 lbs.,, and Gaylad, at 9 st 2 lbs., don't look to be the worst in it Some gentleman, under the signature of " Rough," in The Courier of February 5, wonders why I did not before this take stock of the liberal Warwick programme. When a man is not asked to an evening party he sometimes says that he has been invited to stop away " from it. There are townships in Queensland which ignore the metropolitan Press on racing and other matters. The Turf Clubs at these places never send me (as others do) a programme of their races, and when I do not get a programme per post I usually take it as an invitation not to analyse the merits and demerits of their bill of fare. This is why I not having at least that I can remem- ber received such a document from their secretary, have not so far gone extensively into the description of Warwick races. If it be that I have received such a one and forgotten it, I can only apologise, and hope that their handicaps, as they fully deserve to, will fill well, and be deftly handled by the weight adjuster, so as to secure the maximum percentage of acceptances, fixed, I believe, by Admiral Rous at about 60 per cent, as the very lowest minimum is a well-made handicap. But nous versions very shortly, be I will any no more now on this head. The Warrego Racing Club has again issued a neat little annual programme, with £350 of added money, at Charleville, full particulars of which will be found in the advertising columns and calendar. My friend " Rough," before mentioned, says that I forgotten wishing the Brisbane Cup course to be 1; mile only? how nearly level the course is. Not a bit of it, and I think the Ipswich two-mile race might just as well be made 13 mile as well, hill or no hill. Every quarter of a mile taken off the distance will increase the number of horses likely to occur in any ordinary handicap in Queensland, or the colonies in general, and it is much better to see a dozen or fifteen well handicapped horses struggle over a mile and a-half than three or four only of them over two miles, It is often the case. Of course such great events and heavy prizes as the Melbourne Cup are exceptional, and form no rule for minor handicap races ; but even in the Melbourne Cup I should like to know how many thousand, out of the average ninety entries, that could make out to the end of two miles in anything under three minutes and fifty seconds, even with a feather on their backs 1 Two mile handicaps are grand events, and the last quarter of a mile is generally a sight to see and a real purse murderer; but you must, as a rule, go south and got the teeming southern stabled to, furnish a full field, and southern handicappers to put them together, if you want plenty of starters and plenty of competition. We in Queensland had better try shorter distances fur handicaps meantime, and reserves the two miles for weight-for-age. I must admit that Quack, LL., and Zauco made a fine finish of it over two miles in 1872, but not one bit less exciting wore Zanco, Erin, and Viceroy over a mile and a-half in 1874. I have received a programme of the Roma races, to be held under the auspices of the Western Queensland Racing Club on 9th and 10th May next, Mr. M'Ilwraith, M.P., being the President, and Mr. Jonathan McLean a " Vice " thereof. £530 are distributed over a dozen events, the biggest cake in the lottery being the W.' Q. Racing Club Handicap of 200 sovereigns, with a sweep of five, half forfeit; Sweep to go to the second horse, and third horse to save his stake; the course being two miles and a dis- tance nominations for handicaps must be made by the 16th March, and weights will be declared at Roma on the 20th April. The nominations for is only a guinea, there is no qualification fee required, and altogether the programme, which appears in the advertising columns of this paper, and which I cannot here, for want of space, more fully go into the merits of, is a great credit to Roma and the denizens of the surrounding district, and it puts to Bhamo, as regards Bound liberality, the style of business which obtains in some more pretentious localities. Acceptances and sweeps must "tumble in " on the 3rd of May, and the general entry will take place on the 8th of the same month, closing at eight p.m. How Sub Managed It.?" is my hat done 1" enquired a cold-looking lady at a millinery establishment, one pleasant day last week. " Yes, ma'am, politely responded the shop woman ; " it will be here in a moment." An assistant soup brought up the bonnet, and while the customer was duly inspecting it, the store proprietress ventured to enquire : "How do you like it, ma'am I" " It's simply horrid," was the reply. " But it is just as you ordered it," pleased the maker of the head-wear. " Yes, something as I ordered," was the short and sneering answer. " I'm really sorry, but ?" " Well, never mind," broke in the buyer, with set lips, " what's the expense?" Absolute seven dollars, I guess," said the shop-woman, timidly. The money was paid over, and the bonnet ordered up to the house, when the purchaser pranced out upon the street, and immediately exclaimed to an accompanying friend : " Isn't it perfectly lovely ?" " Yes," replied the friend, " it's ravishing ; but how could you talk so to that woman I" " Talk so !" exclaimed she of the bonnet; " why, if I had let her know how much I liked the hat, that woman would certainly have charged me ten dollars ; but now, you see, I've got it for seven dollars," The other woman said she had not thought of that, but would profit by her friend's ripe experience, and never Uko an article again until after she had bought it. Thus Lovett's an advantage to beguile your neighbor's servant-girl into your own Service. A servant stores up family secrets as a camel stores water? for future use. A South Brooklyn domestic recently left the employment of a master and mistress whose domestic relations had long defied the scrutiny of the neighborhood, and moved into a family across the way. One of the first questions which the now mistress asked her was in reference to her late employer. " Are you sure that they love each other, Mary" "Oh, yin, mare," answered the Irish ship, proud of an opportunity to open her reservoir : " it's sweeter than honey they are to one another they do so using the same togtb'brusU.", 