CHAPTER II Will Burden had been strangely beautiful as a child. He had a large head, and luminous, large eyes, and silvery hair that blew softly about his head ; so beautiful, that his mother was sometimes frightened. His father took it more calmly. One day, when Mrs. Burden had been fretting, asking in her awed way where the boy got his looks, old Burden went to his secretary, and drew out from it an engraved portrait of a certain Burden, buried a hundred years before, who had died young in the ministry. "That's Antony,you know," said he ; "old Antony who left Norwich on account of that love-cross with his cousin." There was a startling resemblance between the pale image of the preacher and the joyous, beautiful little boy ; but it did not comfort Will's mother. She knew the tradition of poor Antony's disappointment in love, which had driven him away from Connecticut to the then Far West of New York, and it troubled her. " Pray Heaven, Will is not to share of his fate !" she murmured, with pions sadness. But as Will grew, he threw off enough of this ancestral Burden, and enough of his rare childish bloom, to secure him against immediate disaster, it seemed. He went too far, however, and became proud, eccentric, peculiar. He entered school with Ik Appergill and Martha, but he was never bright at anything but his Reader. He was always unlucky in games, being forever " it " in tag, and mortally dreaded the laugh of his fellows when he missed catching or hitting a ball. Ik, on the contrary, was wonderfully handy at all sports, and had great mechanical skill. Once, he set up behind the Doubleday's house, on a little meadow- brook, a small sawmill having a lively saw some two inches long, which fascinated Martha and cut Will to the heart with envy. He tried a long time to make one like it, but failed, and his failure was discovered. "Poor Willi" cried Ik, when he found it out. " You can't build mills : You look half the time as if you saw a ghost." Then the boy endeavoured to look as if he did not see ghosts, but, being unable to dis- cover how it was done, gave it up again, and resigned himself. About this time, his father, whose favourite subject of thought and dis- course was that of his numerous good Con- necticut ancestors, began to tell the boy old family histories. Among these, he related the romantic episode of Will's great-grandfather Antony's exile into New York, and early death there. All this sank deep into the boy's mind -deeper than any one imagined. He felt that a new world was opened to him, where he stood above his successful school-companions, and where he could escape their ridicule. He secretly resolved that some day he would become rich and powerful like his ancestors, and then I * * * At seventeen, he told his father with a grand manner that he meant to be a lawyer. Old Burden was delighted. He had a friend, an Assembly man, at Albany, and thither they went in long and solemn pilgrim- age, to consult him. Will was then a tall, broad-shouldered, but slender lad, with cheeks as clean and smooth as rose-leaves. His eyes he commonly held cast down, indescribably shaded by the long lashes, so that they seldom met your glance directly. But now and then he looked out swiftly for an instant, with a wide, rapt gaze, full of light and meaning. The Assemblyman examined him severely, and was not well impressed. He kept his hands in his pockets, jingling some keys and a cork-screw, and swayed up and down on his toes, while Burden talked to him. " Oh, yes, yes," he said. " Send him down to Nev York, when he gets ready, and I'll take care of him." Will blazed out with one of those flashing glances, and said sturdily : " I'm ready now." "Good!" cried the lawyer, changing his style completely. " When I get through law-making," he said decidedly, " I'll be glad, young man, to under- take the making of a lawyer out of you." So father and son returned to the farm, and three years passed before the summous came. But these three years altered everything. Old Burden died, and Will's taste for the law had time to grow very weak, and he had wandered farther and farther into" the corridors of time," searching for by-gone men. Still he behaved bravely. He left Columbine, bent upon making a good fight to be practical, and went down the Hudson to the great city, with big resolves beating high in his breast, much as the clanking engines shook the boat he was on. But all his ancestors went with him. The law-office was not large enough to hold Burden and his ancestors too ; and so he had to leave it. In fine, he failed in his law-study as com- pletely as he had in saw-mill building. And then he judiciously decided to go home and write poetry. 