DEATH OF THE HON.GEORGE ALLEN, ESQ. WE regret to have to announce the death of the Hon. George Allen, Esq. Mr. Allen's illness was a very short one. On Monday last he attended a meeting of the Board of the Australian Gaslight Company as usual, and voted at the Glebe and Canterbury elections. On Tuesday morning he was taken unwell, but his illness was not regarded as serious until Fri- day. On Saturday morning all hope of his recovery was given up, and at 2 o'clock on the afternoon of that day he died. We understand that the funeral of the deceased gentleman will take place on Wednesday afternoon next, and will move from the chapel, Toxteth Park, to the Mortuary Station. SVMVEME Cofivr.- Business This Day. - Banco Court : Cane v. Brook», Adrain v. Senmc'r, Fletcher v. Marsh, Smith v. Wnllace, Smith v. Conway, Smith v. B. J. Wallace. Jury Court: Crawford v. Vaughan (part heard), KrefTt v. Trustees of the Australian Museum, Pegler v. Nolan. Master's Office: At 10.30 a.m., Hall v. Hall and others, adjourned to settle report. DtiTKtcr Cot HT -This dar, Nox ember 6 -Roxnll v Macdonold, Noble \ Price, Mender x. Newland, Sch» eenn and another x *A oodjnte mid another, Hawkes x Stew nit and another, Button x Pnlscr, Bennett x Mosi, Municipalitx > of Leichardt x Haniiax, >.anie x Schaler, sarao T *tork and another, Borough of Ashlield x ltamsax, Borough of Ashfield x Rnmsnx, Storox x Mathews, Rogers x M heeler, Lex \ x Jacobson, Sax age x '«achs, Harnex x Skinner, Rea x Rohan, Brennan x Jil'Uhntock, Mjcri and others x .horans, Coghlan x {shea, Coglan x. fetcifxater, Smith x Cook and another, Morris x 0 Neill BOY DROWNED AT COOK'S RIVER - About 6 o'clock on Saturday evening a boy named Benjamin Salmon, residing with his parents on the Enmore Road, New- town, was drowned at Cook's River, near Undercliff, while bathing in company with his brother and others. The police, with some of the inhabitants, made diligent search for the body, but, as it became dark, without effect, on the night of the accident. The search was renewed on Sunday morning, when the body was found by a man named Joe Lippo, and afterwards removed to the residence of the pareints, on the Enmore Road, by constable Duffy. FIRE -About 9 o'clock on last Saturday night the fire bells ring out an alarm of fire, which was said to be in the neighhouthood of the Haymarket, and on the engines proceeding to that locality it was found that the alarm had been caused by the upsetting of a kerosene lamp in front of the canvas tent in which was being exhibited the lady without legs or arms. No damage was done FOUND DROWNED - As a man named Michael Flanagan, watchman, was proceeding along the rail way pier, Darling Harbour, on Saturday last, he saw the body of a man floating in the water there. He at once got a boat and brought the remains to the shore, after which he reported the matter to the police. Constable Matthews proceeded to the spot, and having taken possession of the body had it con veyed to the morgue at Circular Quay, there it was examined by Dr. Eichler. The deceased was about 50 or 60 years of age, and the body was afterwards identified as that of Michael Macnamarra, a stone- mason, residing at 15, Engine-street. BODX or AX ISTAST TOUSD-About half-past G o clock on last Saturdax forenoon, n man named "W illiam Cook, eniploxed on the rail»ax, and residing in Crjstal itreet, found the dead bodx a child, npparentlx nexxlx bon, near the three- mile post, Petersham Ho reported the matter to constable Tippet, xvho at once had the bodx remox ed to the dead-hotise, Circular Quav When found the remains xi ere xi rapped up in a piece of a bo«, s linen shirt and tied in this x\ ith. a piece of calico ¡niant Ar CAxtrgimoxx-x -On last Saturdax Mr W T Pmhex .JP, held a magisterial mqiiirx, at the Cilassxvorks Hotel, Regent street, Newtown, touch- ing the ciuse of death of Ehnbeth Hilton, xufe of Thomas Hilton, bootmnker of Bishop gate street, Camperdoxvn Mrs Hilton had been lound drowned m a xxcll on her husband's premises, on Fridax last, by a xioman named Marx Broxxn, of E\oter- street, Nexxtown Hie magis- terial finding xx -is to the o'" t «hat Mrs Hiltor had droxx-ned herself WATEIUVO THE STREETS -A correspondent desires to draxv the attention of the Max or and aldermen of the citx to the neeessitx for x\ atenng the streets of the eitx, so as to alla) in a measure the prex ailing dust nuisance He thinks that the eiti7ens xvould be quite prepared to pav for the boon bv a tax lexied on cit) propertx , and that xuth the x lew* to this, an estimóte should be made of the hkelx total cost of xx atenng the streets, together xvith the rate in the £ xxhich xxouid be hkelx to cox er the expense The suggestion is certainlx xi orthx of attention, for the magnitude of the gne\ ance existing in dust-co\ cred thoroughfares and dust-polluted atmosphere is nox\ patent to all. OxjsiBis EXILS-Amongst the exils xxhich those who ride in omnibuses are subjected to, is that of bad language, u«ed not only bx passengers, but sometimes also b) dm era A correspondent calls our attention to the circumstance that "the language xxhich the drixers use to birds of tie same feather xvho »it on the perch beside them is most ofensix e Some steps should be taken bx the propnetors of omnibuses to protect the public from this nuisance CoKonroATioNAi, CHURCH, NORTH SnonE.-On Saturday afternoon, the corner-stone of a'Congre gational Sabbath-school hall, at St. Leonards, was laid by Mr. J. R. Fairfax, / in the presence of a number of the residents interested. The new school- room will occupy a commanding site on Milson's Point, overlooking Lavender Bay as well as the har- bour to the east, and affording a fine Mew of the city. Adjacent and towards Neutral Bay, a large population is settling, so that the building 'will be much more conveniently situated for the congregation who will temporarily worship in it than the church at present used near Milson's ferry. It is contemplated in time to erect a church in front of the schoolroom. Among those present at the ceremony on Satur- day were the Rev. Dr. Clay, Rev. C. Stead, Rev. T. Johnson, Rev. T. Forsaith, Rev. J. P. Sun- derland, Rev. Mr. Cullen (pastor of the church), and Messrs. Saddington and B. Molyneaux. The children of the Sunday-school were in attendance, with their superintendent, Mr. Slade. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of a hymn by the children. The Rev. Mr. Cullen then read passages of Holy Scripture,; the Rev. T. Forsaith offered prayer. Mr. W. E. Langley, hon. treasurer, next read a brief statement of affairs connected with the new school- room, from which it appeared that the movement for its erection was initiated some time back (by the pastor, when a building committee was formed, and money promised towards the purchase ot land and the erection of a church. ? A. site was purchased from the Hon. John Campbell for £240, the price being generously reduced t-.om £300, in consideration of the purpose for which it was intended. It was decided first to erect a schoolroom, and Mr. A. Bond, city architect, having gratuitously provided plans, Messrs. Eaton, Brothers, undertook the erection of the building. The cost will be about £700. Of this, nearly £300 is promised, and it is hoped that the balance will be in hand by the open- ing of the school-hall at the beginning of the newyear, It has been decided to sell the old church, and the proceeds will be applied towal da the erection of Die new church. Mr. Slade then presented Mr. Janies R. Fairfax with a silver trowel and polished myall mallet (from the atelier of Mr. E. Jones), 'and Mr. .Fairfax having acknowledged the gift, and addressed a few remarks suitable to the occasion, a bottle, containing particulars of the time and circumstances of the cere- mony was deposited in a cavity, the corner stone was lowered, and then duly laid " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Offerings amounting to about £42 were received, after which the Re«?. J. P. Sunderland delivered an address, in the course of which he insisted on the importance of the churches giving their attention to the religiouB educa- tion of the young by way of supplement to the secular instruction'given by the State in the primary schools. The Rev. T. Johnson closed the proceedings with the benediction. The school-hall will consist of afine room 60 feet by 27 feet, with a height of 14 feet to the wall-plate, and open-timbered roof, lined on top of the common rafters with colonial,pine, rising 30 feet from the floor. The walls will be stone. The front to be marked by central entrance with triple light over the gable and crowned iby an ornate bargeboard and finial. The side elevations will have lancet windows in each bay, and the windows filled in wita glass in diamond-shape* quarries MÍRCANTILE RowiNo CLUB,-On Saturday after« noon last a race for senior scull«*, in skiffs, took place in connection «toth the club for a pmo offered bj otu °* tlîe rnembeiB. The course was from the red buoy off the club-house, round tort Denison, and back ta the club-house, and on condition of there being il«, a entries the entrance fees were to ho devoted to tho purchase of a second prize The following -were tlio entries receded -C. Gibbons, J M'Kense«, C Mcdcalfe, W Dmd, and J II Wilkin- son. The competitors having drawn for boats and heats, Medcalfe and Wilkinson -nero tho first to show out, and Mere started for the first neat at i 30, Mr Rudd acting in the capacity of stirter 1 he tw o boats got aw a«, pr»tt\ w eil together, and in the first 300 or 400 «,ards Wilkinson seemed to have the best of it, but in approaching the Tort Mcd- calfe puked up his lost ground, and cleared the island a couple of lengths ahead, and ultimately won easil) As A\ tlkinson -was nennng the club house ho had tho misfortune to be run into b\ a sailing boat, which struck the skiff amidships and completely smashed three or four of the planks. Shoitlj after 3 o clock Dind nnd M'Kcnsej cometo the scratch, Dmd went away to a good start, but before the«, had gone a quarter of a mile M'Kense) led bj a length, nnd gradunll«, increased his distance until reaching the winning post, and won his heit bj ten or tw el\ e lengths At about S o clock the winners of the tw o first heats started for the final struggle, and made a capital race of it, pulling stroke for stroke from the Club house down to Fort Denison, which Medealfe passed w ith bardy a length to the good, nnd ultimate!«, won with about the same distance separa tim* the two boats At the back of the island M'Kense«. fouled tho rocl s ?» ith his scull, but he id not appear to lose much ground on that account Gibbons did not stnrt During the afternoon the wind blew down the harbour, with tremendous gusts from the westward nt times, getting up a Ililli sea, winch made it e\ceedni.,l) inconvenient for rowing Tur PnEsnvTrntAs SAMIATH-SCHOOLS-The annual meeting of the children of Sabbath-schools connected with Presb«,terian Churches within the city and suburbs took place on bnturda«. afternoon last in St Stephen s Church, Phillip street It might safel«, be said that even church of the Presbj tennn denomina- tion in the district w ns represented on the oceajioi, nnd b\ the time the proceedings w ore lmtnted there must have been about a thousand children present These, «A ith then teichcrs, completclj co«, ered tho floor of tho edifice, while up in the gallerj was a verj large number of Msitors and friends of the children lae Moderator presided, and on the platform were sei eral of the clerical members of the General Assemblj st piesent sitting here. After the meeting had been constituted with pra«,er, the children, undet the eonductorship of Mr M'Cormick, san)! the h\mn "\e*, well gatncr at the ri\er ' and in doing so ga«, c a «, er«, mannet indication of th! successful manner in which their «.oices had been trimed The Moderator then bneflj ndde«scd them on their duties tow ird« their pirents, and the neccs'itj for earl«, religious instruction amongst the «. oung ana another h) ran w is sung Dr Steel, the pastor of the church, was the nc\t to speak to the cluldren and ho in a «,er\ forcible and eloquent manner pointed out the good Sibbath school' did m creating and fctenng Christian sentiment! amongst the congregations connected with the Près bj terian Church, and also «Ahat desirable auxiliaries the«, were in Church work The childi en attendras their Sabbath schools, he belie«.ed, would form th« mmnsta«, of the Church to which tho\ belonged, and lie was sure would reflect great crediton tho>enho had taken so much trouble in training them The Ro\ J Cosh, M A , and Mr John M alker also jare the children some seasonable aduce, and when the had concluded, another h\mn was sung b\ the children, and the proceedings were closed by the benediction. SUDDEN DEATH of MR J. G. COHEN - Mr John Godfrey Cohen died suddenly on Saturday morning on the Balmain wharf. He had just come over to the city, when he expired at about 11 30 The deceased gen- tleman was as one of the oldest auctioneers in the colony, and for his many good qualities was very highly esteemed. bEiuois RESILT or A QLAHREL-On Saturday txx o men had a row outside the Captain Cook Hotel, Moore Park, xxhen one struck the other and knocked lum doxiTi, the fall resulting in a fractured leg The name of the miured man is Thomas Morton THF .MARIUXRXONO AND OTHER IEARLINOS-On the Monda) after the Derbx, Xoxemoer", a sale cf xearlings xxiii take place at the .Pastoral Hotel, -"lemington A verx large selection mil be offered, including strains from iirexvorks, Stockwell, Fish hook, the Marchioness) and a host df other aristocratic and xx ell-known dams and sires Besides those men- tioned, .most of xihich are cngagr>d for races for xouths, sex eral colts and fillies from the Ettnek, Werribee Park, Br) an O'L) nn, and (Woodstock studs xx ill be offered THE VAGABOND PAPERS -The fourth volume oi " Vagabond Papers ' bids fair to he not less interesting than am other of the series It is to contain sixteen nitich-« on -ub'Ccto wl i-H gixr ample scope to the author 1> t)>sEN.TATioN -The Re«; Canon Gunther, who a about to x ísit Europe, x\ as entertained at a farewell tea meeting m ¡st John's school house, Parramatta, on Endnx ex emng last, and receix ed a handsome testi- monial from his parishioners and mends The attend- ance xvas w numerous that some xvere unable to gain admittance^ The chair at tho public meeting was occupied bx Dr Walter .Brown, xvho dwelt at some length on the xvork undertaken and performed bv the Canon, and the readiness of the people to show then appreciation of Mm Mr S J Pearson, was then called upon to read the address, and make the presen- tation of a purse containing _1 Co The rex incumbent in a length) repl) dw elt upon the xv ork of the Chnttian mmistrVj the xxork accomplished dunng the last ten vears, the\alue of the different organisations estab Iished among them, and show ed that dunng his sta) in the parish Uod had gnciouslx granted them times of peace, prosperitx, and progress During the exening several h)mns xvere xvell rendered bj* St John s choir, and addresses delivered bv the Rev s Dr Woolls, J Vaughan, and W Lumsdaine, the Vicar-General xvas unnvoidfdlv prexented from being present Prexious to this meeting the member» of the Cumberland Alutual Improx ement Societ) had entertained Canon Gunther, their founder and president, at a complimentary picnic at the Weatherboard A\ aterfalls Dr "i\ oolls was called upon to present lum xvith a xerx hand somelx illuminated addiess, and before doing «o eulogired the character of the President as a clergy- man, a friend, n man of letters, and a citizen and cos- mopolitan Mr Gunther, in an eloquent address, showed that he considoied it his dutx to tike some part in the phxsical, moral, and intellectual move- ments of the da) for the adv aneement of the people as xvell ns the reliçious, and concluded bx giung some wholesome advice to joung Australn Between 500 and 600 people joined the oxcur-ion The=e gatherings haxe shown that Canon Gunther has gamed the good xull and respect of man) besides the members of his O«ATI Church. TEETOTAI MEMHEIIS or PARLIAMENT.-Some amus« ing nnd curious revelations have been made before tli Elections and Qualifications Committee in Mel- bourne, anent the influence of the "refreshments' supplied at n certain election. It would seem that even the teetotal members are not above supplying their constituents with liquor whenever votes ore required. Up to that point they are of course pnm patterns of society, although possibly they aro not above taking a little whenever they feel, ns Mrs. Gamp so 'often did, "so dispoged." The candidate, it appears, was a teetotaler. One of the witnesses examined was a farmer, and had been for six yean a Rechabite. With a perverse inconsistency which teetotaleis occasionally exhibit, he resolved lie would not vote for a teetotal candidate, " believing only m men who went in for moderation." Before the poll, however, another ex- Rechabite.took him under his protection, escorted him to the committee's room, ana the farmer there had a drink at the teetotal candi- date's expense. He had brand)-, whisky, and beer ; and the liquor so softened his 'affections towards the Good Templar candidate that, in spite of his resolveJ when he left home, he went to the poll and «.otcd for him. He regarded the drink as payment for work, and labour to be performed, and he performed that work and labour according to contract. Going home,1 however, he had one of his legs broken, an incident that might be made the text of au eloquent temper ance lecture. But what is to be said of the candidats whose knowledge of the influence of drink served him so well f I suppose his return was considered by teetotalers generally as a triumphant success ol principle. But what "will they say f he gets un' seated ?-" Mnemon," in the Sydney JAw. COBEIOTIO».-In Messrs. Hatitson, Jones, and Devlin's wool report published on Sntmdny, two errors occurred. The sentence in which they appeal should read as follows :-" Tho results shown at tho public sales ate-Fleece, average to good, 17d.tolvc.; inferior to medium, 14jd. to 16¿d. j greasy, averag» to good, I0U. to 12d., inferior to medium, Hdjt° 9jd. ; . scoured, average to good, 18d. ta 20d.. inferió» to medium, 18Jd. to 17Jd.,F 