THE SLEEPER AWAKENED. : THE STORY OF A LIVE GHOST. PAT Limejuice was a foreigner, From Erin's island green ; And seemed about as new a clvum As could in town be seen. Thek eve of his arrival, With staring tired-out quite, He sought a quiet lodging-house, Where he could stay the night. He paid his fee and sought his bed, But very roundly swore, When glancing round he found no lock Upon his bedroqm door. " They may be honest folks," quoth Pat, "Still as I'm but a silly, I'll make so bould to place my cash Just underneath my pilly. So with his purse beneath his head, He soon forgot the door, v As from his nose thege issued forth The snore that just, men snore. He dreamed about the" dear oiild land, From which he grieved to part; Where oft he'd cracked a gossoon's head, And broke a colleen's heart. That land of still unrighted wrongs, Still groaning 'neath the yoke— When with a very sudden start, Pat rubbed fiis eyes and woke. He thought his.mind must still be in The hazy land of sleep ; For he beheld what chilled his blood, And made his flesh all creep. Plainly a form he could discern, "Despite surrounding gloom; He knew a spirit of a man Was standing in his room. The figure was but partly clad, And—a fact still stranger which is— His ghostly lingers deep he had In the pockets of Pat's " britches." Tbis Pat beheld—and mighty soon His doubts o'ercame his fear; He with a lusty brogue cried, " Phot The divil do yez here?" " Hush !" cried the spirit, " make no noise, The greatest silence keep— For I'm a poor somnambulist That's walking in my sleep !" " Then by tbe look of yez," said Pat, " I think ye're purty deep, And 'shtead of walking faith I think Ye're waking in yer sleep !" With that he started out of bed, And gave him one polthvgue; Swift through the window went the ghost, And after him Pat's brogue. "Begor !" said Pat "that shleepy ghost At first gave me a fright— For I've a dread of men, who thus Somnambylize at night. " Still if they will—from out my room Begor, they'd betther keep, Unless they'd find a weasel here That isn't caught asleep !'' 