VICTORIAN MEMS. * During the latoelection in Ballnmt East a rather amusing aifnir happened. At one of the polling booths in the town a voter made his appcarance and demanded a ballot-paper, but on the returning officer finding his name on the roll he discovered the would-be voter to be marked " dead." Fortunately a gentleman happened to be by at the time who knew the "deceased" personally, and thus the difficulty was got over. Of Melbourne ill-health the correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator says :—" The Jewish section of tbe community appears to have been unusually affected, nnd scarcely a day passes without a victim being called upon from them by the 'rider on the pale horse.' Certainly there has been no Sunday tor weeks past in which a mournful cavalcade has not been seen wending its way to the Jewish portion of the general cemetery." We (Namoi Independent) learn from a correspondent that the two daughters of Mr. Holland, a selector living near Orange Grove, have during tbe past eight months killed the enormous number of twenty-two snakes, among them a carpet snake eight feet long. One black snake was killed in the house, where the two sisters were sewing. The creature glided into the apartment and established itself under the chair of one sister who was working a sewing machine, and the other despatched the reptile with a waddy, Our native young woroe$ deserve credit for their freedom from hysteria and nervousness, and for their pluck in dealing with dangers which would paralyse any woman artificially refined. Many stories of the past election are already commencing to flow in, and perhaps the best example of the lengths to which party- feeling may carry men is the following. A certain cleigyman was asked by one of the members of bis church, a duly accredited " liberal/' how he was going to vote. He said that he intended plumping for a gentleman of spotless private character and undoubted ability, but one who does not profes&"burstuig-up" views. Parishioner —"If you vote tor that man I'll leave your church. Clergyman'—*' You are at liberty to please yourself in that matter, but I shall certainly vote for the man I consider best fitted to represent me in Parliament." He plumped for his candidate, and bis " liberal" parishioner at once threw up his sitting nnd left the church. A ghost has made its appearauce in the onion district of Bellarine. A well-known resident on returning home from Portarlington a few evenings ago, somewhere in the small hours, saw a6 he approached his residence what to hi m appeared to be the (mure of a woman in an erect attitude, but motionless. Round the head of the spirit was a dim halo,' which looked supernatural, and the features bore a strong resemblance to those of a young lady of the district, who, unfortunately for the advocates of Spiritism, is still living. With the courage of his race, lie made towards her spiritship, and was about to ask the reason of so late a visit, when to his amazement the figure proved to be a " Walker," for it soon disappeared with lightning speed across the onion fields into utter darkness. The onion grower, on seeing this took to his heels, and was soon safe inside a boltec door, but so overcome was he with fright that he swooned away—a circumstance that to him never occurred before. The ghost has caused great excitement in the locality. A watch will no doubt be instituted, and very likely some medium will be introduced in order to ascertain, if possible, the object of this visit from the spirit land. The lady whom the figure resembled has become very serious, and the superstitious expect something awful to happen at Bellarine shortly. The following letter appears in tha Church of England Messenger :—" Sir,—I wish to draw attention to the following facto :—In accordance with a wish expressed in your last issue, prayers for rain were offered' in Melbourne and the suburbs on the following Sunday fthe 15th), During the enmiing week rain8 set i n abundantly: tliese extended a considerable distance, with more or less partiality. Having fallen but sparingly in many parched-up districts, they cannot be described as general; but then, neither were the prayeis. It nas been described to me that the rains seemed to fall upon Melbourne as a centre. radiating from thence, tha fall became lighter and lighter, till the vanishing point was reached in Riverino. If it was a fact, as I believe, that prayers were offered nowhere but in Melbourne, this is remarkable. I find further that in one district in New South Wales a day was set apart for prayer* "nd there on the following day the rain descended." The following election incident is recorded by j the Oreswick Advertiser A w fullyjsold | Scene i—Near one of the hotels, outside of which is displayed a large poator, showing that one of the candidates committee-room is there. A number of busv canvassers are on the look-out for undecided electors. A miner is seen coming up the Street in the direction of the polling-booth, and on arriving opposite the hotel in question he is accosted with something like the following :— Canvasser; Well, Mr , have you biu and done it 1 Not; yet, but I'm going to do it presently. Canvasser : That's right, will you come and have a little refreshment I Thank ypu, J will, for I'm rather peckish after coming from Spring Hill. Whilst the elector (who is known to liia friends as a very intelligent chap, and writes free hand) is enjoying a glass of Tennnnt's and a sandwich, canvasser of course strongly advocates the claims of 'his little man.' The now satisfied elector takes a card offered to him, remarking at the time he was rather illiterate, and wished for a little advice in the way of marking out the names. After getting a lesson he was escorted to tbe booth, and on coming out he was asked by said canvasser if be managed it all right. * Well, hang it, you see,* was the reply, 'not being a scholar, got so confoundedly confused that I do believe I marked 'em all out cxcept Cooper's,' and the elec- tor from Spring Hill smiled n smile, which was not reciprocated by the canvasser, who began to think he had been sold, but he never let on." An amusing instance of foreigners voting in a free country (says the IFaUtaUa Ckroniclc, a Nort Gippsland paper) occurred the other day at one of our mountain polling booths, which plainly shows the fallacy of the questions liable to be put to them as to their nationality by the returning officers. One of these mentioned applied at the polling booth, asserting that he was A Walhalla ratepayer, and therefore was entitled to vote ; but on the returning- oflicer asking him if he was a natural born subject ot the Queen, he replied, " I don't know any ding about de Queen, but I was to get a paper, and den I would scratch out de King." It is hardly necessary to say the voting-paper was refused. Hop cultivation at Gerangamete seems to be a very profitable business. The Colac Herald states that Mr. Grant obtained over a ton and a quarter of hop?, of superior quality, from a very small quantity of land, and Mr, Blundy, his neighlwr, off far less ground, obtained a ton of hops, which are pronounced by good judges to be equal to any English or Tasmanian hops imported to this colony. They were Bold not long since in Melbourne at a very good figure. Mr. Grant has now a fine crop or tobacco coming on, and expects to make "something handsome" from it in due time. These " novel industries " seem to be succeeding in the forest equal to the most sanguine expectation, and a few more cultivators of the Grant and Blundy stamp would considerably in' crease the prosperity oi the colony. Any way, the success of the hop aud tobacco crops in the locality alluded to, proves that the quality of our forest land is really first-class, aud that it cannot be Bpoken of too highly. * The Martini-Henry rifles which were rcceutly received from Englaud have been numbered, and are now ready for issuing to the Volunteer force, but unfortunately the scabbards for the sword bayonets were not sent out at the same time, and consequently there will be a further delay before the men can be armed with the new weapon. The last shipment of these rifles has bad the defect in the lock to a certain extent remedied, but the alteration in the lock action is not such a good one as that proposed by the armourer to the iorce, a model of which was sent home to the War Office by Colonel Anderson at the time the defect was discovered here. The improved locks for the finst shipment of Martini-Henrys may be expected to arrive any day, aud they will be fitted as rapidly as possible by the armourer. Within the last few days the City of Melbourne Bank has been victimised to the extent of about £300, by a person who is evidently an adept in the art of forgery -and uttering. Steps were taken by the authorities to prevent the matter getting premature publicity, m the hope that the offender would be the more easily captured. Sufficient, however, has now leaked out to show that tbe swindle was perpetrated by means of two skil fully forged cheques, one of them being uttered several days after the other, 5 aud in a different manner. On the 9th inst., a man giving the name of Elias Thompson called at the City ot Melbourne Bank, and presented a cheque for £140, which purported to be signed by Air. John Hood, manufacturing chemist, Elizabeth-street, aud requested payment of the same.' Mr. Hood having an account in this bank, aud the signature being almost & facsimile of Mr. Hood's autograph, no suspicion was excited, and the money was paid. Not satisfied with this success, the fellow about a week afterwards repeated the fraud,, but used additional artifice. He went to the Colo nial Bank and opened an account there for himself with another cheque on the City of Mel bourne Bank for £160 4s. This cheque was also in the name of Mr. Hood, whose counterfeit signature was as skilfully appended to it as iu the former instance. When it was presented by the Colonial Bank at the City of Melbourne Bank the amount for which it was drawn out was at once paid, the first fraud having not yet been detected Immediately after the money had thus been col lected Thompson withdrew it all, with the excep tion of £8, from the Colonial Bank, and dis appeared. On the following morning, when transacting some business at tbe City of Melbourne Bank, Mr. Hood's clerk observed an unaccountable deficiency in his employer's account, and when this was inquired into the swindle was discovered. Information was then sent to the Detective-office, and Mr. Secretau appointed two of his most experienced men, Detectives Williams and Brown, to investigate the matter, aud to bring if possible.tke offender to justice. Tbe Melbourne cricket club have decided upon engaging tJllyet end A. Hill, two of the members of the All-England Eleven that lately visited the colonics, as professionals, at a salary of £200 a year oach, with an additional fee, Bbould their services be required in intercolonial matches. The health of the Mayor of Melbourne has not been all that could have been desired of Lite. He has been confined to the house for some days, suffering from a severe cold, which was aggravated by the extra night-work thrown upon hiiu during the elections. Some important changes are biking place on tbe press in Melbourne. Mr. I). Cameron, having been elected for West Bourke, has resigned his connexion with the Herald; Mr. Willoughhy, the editor of the Telegraph, leaves that journal to be head of the reporting staff of the Arytts ; and the editorial care of the Aqt has again passed into the hands of Mr. George Collins Levey. The woollen mills on the banks of the Barwon (says the Geefoug Advertiser) are turning out large quantities of goods just now. The books at each factory contain orders which will take several months to complete. Work in one of the mills is kept up day and night, whilst in the others the employes are compelled to work overtime. The Aye writes :—The resignation of the S M'Culloch Government has taken two or three expectant office-holders by surprise. One gentleman who unsuccessfully contested a constituency had reason for supposing that a vacancy would h be found for him in the Audit Office ; "another was to have been coimoled by a Scab-inspectorship; a third was to have been Parliamentary Librarian. Unfortunately, Sir James M'Culloch resigned too soon to carry out any of the little arrangement*, and the Officials in Parliament Bill stands in the way of these good things being given by a moribund Ministiy. It may not be generally known that during Mr. Jones's tenn of office as Commissioner of Railways, parcels tickets at a halfpenny each with duplicate have been issued, and are obtainable at the post offices. Persons sending parcels by train stick a ticket on the parcel, and on presenting the duplicate the parcel is easily obtainable. Tradesmen (says the ticdlarut Star) are in the habit now of supplying themselves with the tickets for the convenience of their customers who have parcels ot goods sent to tbe train, the customers in those cases enjoying the convenience without any cost. A ludicrous incident occurred a few days ago in a boot and shoe establishment not 100 miles from Sandhurst. The proprietor of tbe emporium (remarks the Advertiser) is about changing his place of business, and being desirous of securiug a tenant for the premises he is going to vacate, he procured a notice, printed in good bold type, announcing "This shop to let. Inquire within/' He liberally pasted the back of the paper preparatory to sticking it outside the building. At this moment a lady entered the shop, and the placard was laid aside and the customer attended to. This being done the lady went her way and the shopkeeper sought tocomplete bisbill-eticking. But the placard was missing, to his great perplexity, and while he was searching for, and wondering what had become of it, he was startled by peals of merriment proceeding from the street. On going to the door he beheld bis late customer, all unconscious of the circumstance, promenading the footpath with the lost notice firmly attached to the back of her dress. The unlucky bill had been placed on the back of the chair on which she had seated herself, and had adhered to her dress. The following gentlemen have been gazetted as justices of the peace. For the Central Bailiwick, Mr, David Evans, of Upper Hawthorn, formerly of Hurdle Creek Station, in the Beech worth district. For the Northern Bailiwick, Mr. Alex. Cameron, late manager of the Bunk ot New South Wales, Chillern, and Mr. Humphrey Pooley, both of Barnawartha. Mr. Stephen Perrottett, acting C.P.S. at Yackandandab, has been appointed as a commissioner of the Supreme Court tor taking affidavits ; aud Mr. Joseph Smart, temporarily a mining registrar, vice Mr. P. Wright, " ".P., resigned. An accident, which might have been attended with fatal results, occurred at Oiford last week. Mr. Charles Voisey, well known in Belfast as a watchmaker and jeweller (says the U arrnambool Examiner), has a selection about two r miles from Orfmd, and he has recently gone to reside with bis family on the selection. A few days afterwards his servant (known as " Old Tom "), in tbe usual course, got up in the morning and "put the kettle on." It appears that the kettle was filled with arsenical water, used for dipping tbe sheep on the run, aud that " Old Tom " had made a mistake ia taking the water out of the wrong cask. Shortly after breakfast the whole family were suffering from arsenical poisoning, and medical attendance had to be summoned from Belfast. Dr. Baird was soon in attendance, hut in tbe meantime a selector named Frank Roberts called at Voisey's bouse, and divining the cause of the family illness administered dranghtsofsaltandwaterandmustard and hot water, and so gave the patients relief until Dr. Baird arrived, when an emetic judiciously administered put the whole family beyond the reach of danger. MR, DARWIN has received as a testimonial, on the occasion of his 69th birthday, an album, a magnificent folio, bound in velvet and silver, containing the photographs of 154 men of science in (Jermany, The list contains some of the best known and most highly honored names in Europe. He has likewise received on the same occasion, from Holland, an album with the photographs of 217 distinguished professors and lovers of science in that country. These gifts are not only highly honorable to Mr. Darwin, but also to the senders, as a proof of their generous sympathy with a foreigner; and they further show'how widely the great principle of evolution is now accepted byM naturalists. 