-A PIECE OF: PRESUMPTION. : Evetybody '.knew that the Belles- cbevaux was a old family, 'with landB and .storks, to which they seemed to have acquired such a prescriptive right that it never crossed anybody s mind that Providence had any right to take them away. And great was everybody's .consternation when Providence exercised the right, afld Mr. Belleschevaux, having -failnn over in a fit, .was fonnd to have' left his estate, insolvent ; and everybody wondered and everybody pitied, and no body helped.' Those who had partaken of. the 'Belleschevaux bounty, had eat at thrir-table, slept under their roofj' been relieved, prospered, flattered! by the Belleschevanx, called and condoled,' bnt nilfwl no leading questions. Perhaps it .would have been like presumption to -offer help there. At any rate they didn't .presume! And perhaps Mrs. 'Bellerehevanx's stately manner made it impossible. And so, when everything Was settled and 1 she conld see what there was before tbem, she found, nothing left but the little disregarded dower she -had brought with -ber. Tim family mansion, ."with its ancient splen- : dour, its woods and garden was sold to upstarts who had never heard the name of Belleschevaux, and the -family moved into a cottage, which in a year or two they made beautifbl! wjith vines, and shrubs. - Of course Louise Belleschevaux, with her spirit; was hot content 'with life in1: that cottage on her mother's dower, with the children yet to be launched upon the; world. She had been taught; simply as a matter of fret, that- they were of noble, descent ; and the . best way to prove nobility, she decided in this coantry, where work was honourable; was to earn it over ague. ' "In old times you fought for it, now you work for it;" she said; f and I shall take the first situation that offers." The poor child had an idea that situations went about begging to be taken, and it was only when a six months' search enlightened her that she accepted a chance as teacher of music and painting in an establishment employing some dozen other teachers. .To say that Louise ' Belleschevanx did bot regard tins as a degradation of the dignity of her name would be untrue, and she would have been herself untrue to the traditions of her blood if she had not so regarded' it No Belleschevaux lady had ever yet dressed her own hair ; a body-servant had always been an inte gral portion of a Belleschevaux gentle man ; and here she was, -waiting upon dunces for pay ! But she had sense enough to know it would be worse de gradation to tit down in idleness and make more scanty yet the s household supplies ; and she used to repeat daily to herself : Who sweeps a floor as to God's praise Makes that and the action fins ; and nobody ever knew what it cost her to sweep this floor, till the time when she laughed at the wore for which then she had no respect. Yet, after all, there was not mnch of the aristocrat in. the little lady's looks ; her sonorous name — Henrietta Desiree Louise Belleschevaux,; her -old Huguenot great grandmother's name — was more imposing than her appearance. -She was a tiny woman, but perfect as tiny, with her faultless hands and feet; her ahell- pink bloom, her delicate features, her luminous brown eyes, and her . hair, whose braids set npon her: head as a gold crown might set upon a queen's ; yet if you looked closer you saw her -always erect, now so gracious, now so imperious, every inch of her a queen. . But this dis crowned queen was apt ' to lie perdue, - unless it was necessary to assert herself, and perhaps nobody but John Mowbray bad ever come into -open contact with her. He was the teacher of mathematics, which duty he assumed only while uriog all the time it left him for the study of his profession — a stalwart, well-knit fellow, with broad intellect stamped npon his free, who had worked his way through college, -and apparently thought it no diBhononr to work lfls way through lifa Yet he knew the hardships -of a teacher's life— none ' better— and' .when he saw this little lady enter the school, he could not but feel a pang of pity to think of the nnused patb before her, and of the suffering from the dunces who were to play on her nerves as on the keyboard. There was something very winning about her gracious, yet reserved, manner — her calm smile. He thought he should like to make the way easier for her. He left on her desk one moraing as he went by a tingle rose bud — like a word of welcome. It was not the season with her of flowers in plenty ; it was long since she had had flowers in plenty, and this was a lovely ona She took it up eagerly, and when the bell tinkled she pinned it in her throat; with something of the colour deepening her cheek. John Mow bray, seeing her through his glare-door, could but think the little flower had brightened the path of the little feet that day. Some days afterwards he laid, not one, bnt two or three stems in' a cluster, on the desk again, taken from his own window garden, that he tried to keep in bloom all the year round— a carnation, .a bit of heliotrope, a white bad, a geranium leaf She looked up as : he passed with a smila They were so sweet — the sight of them, the breath of them -gave bade the days when she was, eurrouDded with them ; she kept them with her ril.day, and took (hem home at, night As for the giver, it .never- occurred to her to remember him ; she had always had flowers, and here was! some kind frte . still bestowing. them.| John Mowbray was merely foe servant of this frte. . It seemed, thongh, -as . If the little Sowers were in some sort a seal of . benison upon her , work; she went about with -a better heart because of them. So for one week and another she took her seat at the- desk, and every few days the passing hand quietly laid be fore her the few bloraoma, or she found them there when she came — a tingle spray of salmon-coloured geranium flowers, ringed with the darkest pansies, just one splendid: cactus blossom,- to look at her like a red-frnged live creature — a score of the first deep violets; a showy caila full of those. ' violets, "a spike of creamy .hyacinths; or,, if there were not any blossoms ont, a bunch of fragrant leaves; The ungrateful girl never thought for a moment about the . way they reached her ; it was so flsturti that she should have them. They came as part of her belongings,- and she gavea nodof thanks to John Mowbray as she would to a waiter, and went her tiresome way, but made no complaint. . .But when . the first term was half through, Mr. Mowbray was called away. The principal attended to his classes, and bungled throughout. his recitations, and he was gone, throe weeks. " Fm sure you miss you flowers," said the old preceptress ; and all at once the precep- tionof her indebtedness crossed Louise — crossed her in an eogty rush of feeling — she, a Belleschevanx, to be indebted for what had fretit hers in. abundance from her cradle "When Mr. Mowbray came back, shakuig'hands with. one and another;, he paused at her desk. " I was gone a gre'. white, Miss Bellesche- vauxj" said he,'"bat it is .not every day one has a legacy, and — " We are glad to have you hack, Mr. Mowbray," she raid, , as loftily as so email a thing .cpqld speak, evincing such pleasure as might be .fonnd! . in the re- turii of blackboard. , and -crayon, and not heeding the sprays cf exquitibe. pink heather he laid before hef. . The .tight of them after their absence, Berv'ed to remind her that. she no longer . had the wide gardens and , conservatories, and moreover; that she owed tb this school usher now'toe timple common-places of her old lifa She never touched the heather, but let it lie and wither for the. janitor to sweep out. It was, however, only a few days before she found . . in the glass on her desk a cluster of 'little- -white Scotch roses ; the quick glance that -saw them . there -was all the : glance they had from her, and. they too withered untouched. She was with these people, but not of them ; she would not be placed on the level of each familiarity as thejgiving and taking of these flowers, and tiie wonld be the debtor of no snch usurer as one who ex pects gratituda She could live withont this Mr. Mowbray's flowers, and wanted, none of them. She heard it rumoured that Ins legacy was so generous he would leave teaching and establishing himself in his profession at once ; she wished he would, and the sooner the better. It became -more arid more unpleasant to. have him place the blossoms in her hand : she conld not refuse them with out rudeness, and rudtness had hitherto been foreign to the . Belleschevauxes. She hated to thank him ; if he bad any nlterior design, any intention of thus expressing emotion towards her, the thing was donbtly repugnant — one of these people daring to feel, much less express any emotion towards her ! Since the idea struck her tiie had really never given him a -second look. She delayed reaching school till the last bdl, and she paid no more attention to any flower she fonnd, although, it most be confessed, that a bunch of lilies-of- the-valley cut her to the heart, and it would have been rapture to bury her face in them. "Do you know what Mr. Mowbray aays of you f ' asked the confidential old preceptress onca "How should I?" she answered, curdy. " He says you are like a frozen jasmine flower." "I wonld thank Mr. Mowbray not to' make me a subject of remark," said Miss Belleschevaux. ' . "My dear,", said the 'other; "it will' be silly to pursue that' course with Mr. Mowbray ; he is.a rising man. And a young girl—-" "I do not care to hear anything con cerning him," said Lousie, gathering her exercises. " Ah, Miss Belleschevaux," returned the old preceptress,' laughing kindly, "you have yet to learn, and are going to make it a hard lesson, that all the worth of the world is not shot np in the Belleschevaux family 1" It was only toe next day that one of toe girls— in that worshipping enthusiasm that many young ladies entertain towards certain teachers — brought an album to Miss Belleschevanx for her to write a verse on one of its pages. After she had complied with toe request, Louise turned the' pages, . and her eyes was canght by another verse :— She hath no acorn of common things. And thongh she seem of other birth, ' Bound na her heart entwines and dings, And patiently she folds her wingi, . To tread the' hnmble paths of earth. Louise sighed as die read it ; she wished she could do as much. " Mr. Mowbray copied that verse for me," Bald toe little maid ; " and do you know, Mire Belleschevaux, he said it made him toihk of you." ' Mire Belleschevaux shut the book with a snap. This was growing un- bearablu - She looked through the glass door $£ Ml Mowbray, quietly listening to algebraic ' demonstrations, and tiie felt it the rudest intrusion, the worst presumption — he who might have been her brother's hired tutor, her father's clerk, to be speaking and -writing of her in this manner, to be presenting her with flowers and following her with gallantries! She flung the morning's flowers npon the floor, and when toe came up from her singing class, still warm with her sense of wrong, it was the recess, and nobody but Mr. Mow bray was behind his glass door, and toe walked boldly into toe little den of toe 'mathematics. : " Mr. Mowbray," said toe — -tod she had no idea it would be so hard—" I desire to have the respect of eveiy.gehtlemain. connected with this " 1 ain rare yon have it, Miss Belies- chevanx," said he, gravely and politely. ' ; " I detire," she repeated, "the re- 'spect of every gentleman connected with 'this' institution, tod I want nothing more of thena;" ; " I hardly understand you, Miss Bel- leschevtox;" said ha "T ' mean," toe .reid, finding it still more difficult, '"'that I want no more flowers." ' , . ' /" Oh, is that it ? " he said, with his cool AmiW ' " Certainly not. I thought they gave yoii pleasure. - They shall not trouble you further." "1 don't know why they tooold have troubled me at all ! " she cried, hotly. " Nor I either," said ha ' " And l will -not submit to such per secution— talking of me to this person, and writing of me to that" "Really, Miss Belleschevaux, I beg your pardon, but I am at a loss to under stand — " 4k . " Very well, then. ' Only don't do it toy more 1 " toe exclaimed. - "'Don't do what ? " ' " Dou't make me a topic of conversa tion With toe other teachers." ' "I assure yon, Mire Belleschevaux, that 1 have never done anything of the kind."' ; - . "It is quite idle for yon to say so when I know to the contrary. And be so gobd'as to write nothing mora about "me, either." " Write about yon 1 Upon my honour, Mire Belleschevaux, I am not aware that I ever wrote a word about yon." Mire BeUestoeyanx made an impatient - movement. ' : It is of, ho use to talk about it ; but when toe preceptress re peats yonr 'words 'to the, :and when Mire Variey brings her 'album with your writ ing in ! it," I have a right to insist upon no more of it. I don't wish for any more expressions of admiration." " Ah, indeed! " said Mr. Mowbray.- " Fray ' allo.w : me to' explain.' Miss Variey brings a verse of her own selec tion tb cbpy into her album, and asks of whom it reminds mel " Not having haid the jilpa&ure; this interview, T frankly say, of u-j ridging ber to be suffering from one bf her- acute;entousiasma For toe X do1 hbt ' remember to have jk'fou.'';."1" " ":v-; ; ' ! : "Butybuhava" i ; J:;','"ItoMr','bbh,':';'": '"'': '' '".WnSUdi" Yoa said l was like a flower."-' ' -" -;1 Mr. Mo«ri>fry'¥miled agairh " Yob, indeed," he said,.; "I remember. The preceptress jasks - me if you do not re- ; eemble a flower yourself, a white jas- mine ; and I reply, a frozen one.; l am. sorry ypu have ' tortured ; Buch simpli- . ; cities into each complexities. And so far 'from expressions . -of admiration — . excuse me if I say that I do not admire you in the least." And with a bow, Mr. Mowbray set open the glass door- tod - struck his belL So Miss Belleschevaux went down to her music-room, and ret there listening to the tramming, bnt with her - mind as - far away as toe east is -from toe west . It was dawning upon her that toe had been gnilty of a horrible absurdity, and tiie was burning with shame and raga - La the light -of her vanity toe had inter- - preted simple charity into gallantry, and toe had insisted npon it that a man admired her when he assured her that he did not admire her in toe least. She never would dare to look at him again. She frit her free hot up under her hair. How courteous and how cold he had been ! No Belleschevaux gentleman could have conducted toe interview better ; it was he that was the patrician, -- tod she — she had done dishonour to her blood! She would have given toe world to leave the school : Mr. Mowbray had promised toe principal to remain till spring. What an unblushing 'fool he had seen in her! And from that mo ment she thought of him as something very far 'from a fool — infinitely nobler than herself; and one .day toe wished, she had never seen him ; toe next, would have given a year's life if he had never heard of her - and the day after longed , to show him tiie was not so bad as he thought. » If Mr. Mowbray wanted re dress, be was fast obtaining it, for' Louise Belleschevanx was Ltinlring alto gether too much of him ! She observed him new, from her desk; through the glass door. There was some- ' thing very gentle and fine in bis manner, with those he tenght ; he was not so plain as toe had supposed ; ragged fea tures, to be sure," but who could be plain with those great; deep-set eyes, and that smile? -She listened when the -door was ajar. He. had' a singularly dear and penetrating voica How lucid he made the problems I— toe might have known something if Ml -Mowbray had been her . teacher. What now ? Well, toe Mow- . brays might be as good as the Belles chevaux, and if they were not, were not all men equal before God ? Miiw Belles chevaux was becoming a little wtijenl, She used to listen to him, too, talking on different themes with the principal, in the long recesa Well, she had wrought her frte, toe must put it on. and wear it ; the p&tience; she had used in .accepting poverty and work, she - -most -use in ac cepting the disesteem of tbia one man in toe world. So toe. plodded, on her dreary ' path ; . and, ' as. before, --nobody knew what it cost her. There was no cheery good . morning now from any deep voice ; : there were no more flowers to brighten the -day, to take to her -mo ther and the children at night ; yet if toe missed" toem, toe deserved it ; toe must make amends by brightening: toe day to those around hre. And toe did '; and toe girls began to say neverknybody taught like Miss' Belleschevaux— she was just music itself — while the old .pre ceptress .assured, them, that "blood always tells." ; Thus, throngbllhe long dark half of the autumn term, through the beginning Of toe winter, toe dark days when life and gloom seemed one; there was little pleasure in the school, and home was so changed that there was little solace there. She was thoroughly dispirited ; and more than once toe might have been seen lingering after toe rest at close of day, with her arms flung across- the desk and her head fallen between them, abandoned to her tears. She was vety unhappy, tod toe learned at last that toe had brought it on herself, that her heart awoke too late; and the light that might have burned an eternal fire tiie had her self put out She grew worn and thin ; a sad smile played with toe dimples now, although they were just as lovely, bnt the rich colour, slowly waning, seldom hong its signal on -the soft cheek, unless some voice startled her, a voice that her heart sprang up to meet She dragged herself every day to school, and it seemed to her that instead of the grandiloquent legend over the gate, Bhoold have been written, "Abandon hope, all ye .who enter here." It would be vacation soon ; toe second half of February was breath ing space ; he wonld be gone-; .and too wonld escape - her troubles or gather strength to endure toem.' It was toe last day but one. of -the term ; Mr. Mowbray left on toe morrow. As she heard the regrets everywhere about her, her heart sank. The hours crawled. ' At length the bell struck, the files departed ; toe was left alona Alone ? Ml Mowbray, behind toe glass doors, was sorting some final papers. Gould toe let- him leave with this cloud over her? Fear shook her. But no; at any rate she must dispel that ; and all at once toe walked, not boldly this time, bnt twice turning back on the way, to his sida He did not look up at once. She pat ont her hand to attract atten tion ; it fell on his ; then lie rose. -She was stone-still; not a word came to her. "Can I htipyou?" he said. " Ml MowbnCy, - 1 want to beg — your — " And toe broke into a flood of tears, and ran nway'toofaat for any feet to fol low. V: It; was - harder Work : to go to school next day" than any toe ' had ever 'done ; hut toe muBt ;' and white as a little ghost, she took - her seat at her desk, to blush on the instant red as a little rose over a handful of orange blossoms scat tered round a -letter lying on her desk. " Miss Belleschevaux has a valentine 1" cried the girls. Bnt jnst then the bell rang, and stale took her letter and one great, sweet blossom with her to her music room, where toe could be alone till she summoned her class ; and toe tore the letter opto and saw the verse toe had seen once before, aud below it, to complete its use, another verse of the same poem— . I love lier with love w afciil As a brand river's peitcefnl might, Which, byhigh tower snd lowty feitl, Goes wandering at its own etc eel will, ' And yet doth ever flu w aright. And beneath the whole, as if he had been proud -fo Bet his hand end seal to it, was the boldly written name of John Mowbray. ' There came a tap upon -toe door, -tod, as toe Would have cdnceeled toe tatter, it opened, and Mr. Mowbray Tnmfcelf came in. She thought ahe was dream ing; .she did -not dare to look up. He wMked Btraight to her, " aiid took -the hands with which she was trying to hide that she had. been holding the letter to her lips. "Are you going to "answer my Valen tine ! Are yon going -to' wear my orange flowers?" raid he. "'Look up, and let me read tiie -answer in you dyes. Tell me I did not dare too much," And as she still sat like a statue, " Are you really a little frosen jasmine flower f he cried ; and 'he bent and hissed her. " Did you think I could live every - day of six months under the same roof with you," he murmured, " aud not learn to love you t And did you think, my darling, my little darling now, that I never saw the change 'stealing over -yon, like sun rise into the sky ?" And when the principal, in a neat Bpeecb of regrets, formally told the school that Mr. Mowbray left them that day, he added his regrets 'that Mr. Mowbray was to take Miss' Belleschevaux with him. 