IF free-traders are remarkable for one thing more tbau another, it IB their ability to argue the point. Drive tlietu into a corner and they will find some loop-hole of escape, or if none exists, theu tliey will make one. I- matters aot that their argumeutt clash, that their theories are incoiiBiss tent, that their esampi can; mnl a propos, or that what they affirm to be the inevitable effect or protection in the future is deduced from altogether false premises. Show them that before protection was introduced employment was scarce, and only to be obtained at unremunerative waąes, while at the present -day, through the help given to the establishment o£ manufactories, everv man. who has the will to work and the strength to perform it, can earn more than he did before the fiscal policv of the country was changed; that besides this the cost of the necessaries of life are cheaper; and that while the laborer earns more he need spend Jess—showthemthesefacis which stare them in the face every day, and they will reply, not by denying them, for they are incontrovertible, but by jioiuting out some side issue, as for example how the farmer may. be unable to. get men for his. harvest, except by paying them high wages, and how this prevents the colony from erportiug as much grain as inther colonies do where free-trade principles are considered paramount. But the Victorian free- trader is very inconsistent Dav "after day, "week affcer week, and month after taontii; the organBkif the free-trade .party hare, preached the doctrine that- all restrictions from commerce should be remored, that 110 duties should be placed on any kind of interchangeable commodities, and that free-trade if carried out in itB entirety would be a panacea for all classes of the community.- Some little respect for vested interests makes them Jidmit that it would he unwis^ to sweep away all protective duties at ouce, but they , at the fiame time adhere to the theory that not only are they unnecessary hut they are hurtful ani; injurious to the poor as well as the rich, to the agriculturist as well as the mer-cbaiit. -aud to the workman as well as the employer, "When, however, it suits their purposes, these arguments are very soon fiung aside. Prominent members of the liberal party; hare lately shown their willingness and indeed their eagerness to assist the working classes by a desire to remove the duties ou those consumable commodities of daily use which cannot, be produced in •the-colouj- Thus more than one foremost man of his party has proposed to do away with tea and. Bu«mr. This proposition, now Jmown las "the ffee"breakfast table should certainly Lave obtained favor with ihose «-ho ,pro£ees-*o haw a <Leaireio^weep awav all restnetious to trade,ł)ut because it happens to 'be yropoiinialbT the OppostjoH party tUe praojlę jeurt, forsooth be, wrous. Gom.ueuting on I the speech o£ Mr Feavson, delivered at 'Hawthorn, on "Thursday ni-Ht, the j leading journal of the monopolists writes:—"The duties on tea, coffee, sugar, fcc.. fulfil all the twuditioue; of-| ' good taxes. Tlioy are imposed ou I ' articles of general u<e, uot produced, in the colony.; they are so .light that ' they do not in ańy way check consumption; -they are -easily collected, "and give to the state a very large proportion of the amount paid by the " public. They constitute, moreover, in this country, nearly the ouly neces- sary contribution of the working classes to tha national exchequer, the ouly other payment that we are " aware of being the percentage ou the "price of articles of colonial make " which the manufacturers are enabled " to charge owiug to protective duties. " The last, sentence is very amusing wh»n taken with the previous statements of the same journal that the mass of the people were payiiis largely, in the shape of protection for the benefit of the few who are engaged in manufacturing. If thb duties on tea and sugar constitute nearly the only necessary contributions of the working classes, where in the name of reason is the money to come, from to supportaii expenditure of four millions three hundred thousand pounds per annum. It is acknowledged that the wealthy classes are at the present tiuia taxed far moro lightly in proportion than the working man. Will the rich be ennrent topav tiie difference ? Is not every attempt to tax wealth met with thes"tro:iaestopposition,and lias liotthe present Government, instead of I rving to remove tho burdens from the ivorkinsi man, endeavoured to increase them bv haudienpping his industry in the shape of a house tax ? Happily that failed as have most of the schemes of the present bombastic Premier. Let the working man have his free breakfast table; protect his industry and tax wealth by taxing the 5and, and the laboring classes will never refuse to bear their fair share of the burdens of the state. AGAE; an ominous war cloud looms in the Eastern horizon. Scarcely had the satisfactory announcement been made that a peace was concluded with Price Milan of Serria, and that negotiations for ihe settlement of the difficulties between Turkey and Moutenegro were beingcarried on with prospects of success, tluui the Muscovite Bear again assumed a threatening attitude and the world is once more disquieted by the news from St Petersburg. Tired, no doubt, of waiting for a reply to his circular, in which he urged the other powers to carry out the reforms proposed by the Conference at Stambonl, the autocrat of all the Russias, has threatened to withdraw from the Treaty of Paris, (which was an agreement that uo power should invade Turkey or interfere with .its Governmenj. without the consent of the other parties of the treaty) unless they agree to con. form to his wishes. Meanwhile a ukase orders the organization of nine army corps which in itself is significant. Montenegro, acting, probably, under the advice of Russian emissaries, has been emboldened to ask what Turkey will not grant, namely, the cession of teiritory and a sea- port. Considering that this small principality was completely conquered, and that it was, according to advices received by the mail, held by Turkish troops, the demand does seem somewhat of an extraordinary character. The territory is smill, the country mountainous, and the population of the whole principality not half thai of some manufacturing towns in England. Having these circumstances in view the attitude of the Prince of Montenegro and his subjects (under 100,00!)) cannot be understood except upon the assumption that Russian influences are again at work. The Porte, we are told maintains a firm attitude, is as confident as when: the shout went up of " Death before dishonor," and will accept war in preference to a long suspense. This is the mixed state in which the Eastern Question is at present, and the ultimate outcome of the imbroglio cannot be predicted with any certainty. The informa tion contained in the cablegrams is so very meagre that on them "alone it would be absurd to form an opinion. Looking at the question of Russsia's interference pose, we cannot ^imagine any j ust grounds on which it can be tolerated. That despotic power, considering its treatment of the Poles, cannnot be said to be impelled by any philanthropic motives in demanding that the. proposals submitted by the Conference shall be. carried out. The truth is that the Polish subjects of the Czar feel themselves in a far worse position than do the Christian subjects of the Sultan, since the reform of which we gave Bome account on Thursday last was commenced. It is stated that Polish refugees in Switzerland addressed la memorial to Lord Salisbury petitioning him to use" his influence with the Conferente in order to obtain for their countrymen under Russian ruie, at present " shamefully oppressed.' 1 the same concessions Which Russia jde. mauds on behalf of the South Slavonians iu.Turkey, and there was, we believe, just grounds for such a request But putting aside any- such view as that the Government of Russia: feelB'bound to interfere in Hip cause of liun anity, U is difficult to -understand -how that power should resolve ltd go to war in Hie present state of its army and its finances. We read in the last mail news that suspension of railway traffic in Southern Russia had caused an uncommon augmeritation in tke prices -of all provisions among the troops, and a speedy establishment of a line of communication with Odessa by means of transport waggons had been ordered. The expensesattendanton mobilisation, estimated; already at 150,-000,000 roubles, inclusive of sums deroted to defence of the coasts and ihe Black Sea, had so nearly exhausted ihe Treasuiy that expenditure was iobliged to be curtailed. We arealso told that mobilisation has brought to light a whole list «f frauds perpetrated by surveyors ofmagaones andleodingmembers of the commissariat.' Millions of cartridges were -discovered void of powder, feud inany barrels supposed to contain Munition were filled with sand and Btones, ęgp&ftUaiUor;≫ w&avDred; ta «- place tue missaig qjantum as possible, tor whtch pur^se Reorders had to be also givei abwai buc.iaatete of things woutd niturraiy lead to t.ie supposition that, f.ir Russia, the time was very - inopportune for commencing a campaign. But tkere is another side to the question. Can Russia calculate upon receiving help from any . other European Powers ? Tf we look closely at the"damgs" of Prince Bismarck we shall find sufficient ground for alarm. That crafty statesman is said to have been very much dissatisfied with Baron Werther for conceding to the representatives of the other powers at the Conference. It is also said that Bismarck has affirmed that close relations exist between Germany and R-issia, and that the Chancellor favors the aggression of Russia in order that he may bacome the unlimited dictator of Europa. In connection with this the visit of General Ignatieff to Berlin and Vi enna on a special mission, which was announced in a telegram bearing date London, 5th March, has a most suspicious appearance. We put our readers in possession of these facts from which they may draw their own conclusions. At the present time it would ba idle to speculate on the future. Further telegrams will, it is hoped give us timely warning of the commencement of the great struggle if sueh cannot be averted. . Should Germany side with Russia the consequences cannot be other than most disastrous. Nous Verrons. The annual show of the West Bourke Agricultural Society will be held at tlie LAiicpfieid-road on Thursday next. At a meetiug of the council recently held the arrangements for receiving visitors, &c..; were completed. The new yards are now finished and will be fouud most commodious. Mr George Jeans of the Lancetieldroad Hotel, has purchased the booths and will dispense refreshments on the ground. The subject of the essay this year, for which the president (Mr W. J. Clarke) annually gives a prize of £10 is to be The conservation and treatment of water as best suited for the supply of stock and household purposes in this colony." The following are the entries of exhibits which have been received :—Draught stock, 111: blood hacks, 100; cattle, 129: sluep. 59; pigs, 29; farm and dairy produce, 116 ; other entries, 131. Of the condemned man Wm. Hastings, who is to be executed at the Melbourne gaol tomorrow morning, the A'j" of yesterday reports that he retains his quiet and composed external demeanor and firmly protests his entire innocence of both the crimes laid to his charge. He sleeps and eats well. The usual Episcopalian gaol service was conducted by the Rev J. Car ton yerterday, and the door of the condemned cell, which is close to the pulpit, being left open, the wretched man was able to take part in the service, and listened to the appropriate sermon which was delivered. The illness of the Most Reverend Dr Folding, Archbishop of Sydney, is the cause of grave concern to the clergy and laity of the Roman Catholic Church in his diocese. A telegram from Sy iney on Saturday, stated that the illness is much more serious than was at first anticipated. Forsome time his health has been failing and on Friday his illness assumed a dangerous form. In the Government Gazette of Friday, Saturday next, the 17th inst, is proclaimed a bank holiday in the Kyneton district. In accordance with the request of the Kyneton Shire Council, the land described hereunder has been temporarily reserved from sale as a site for a Suire Hall:—Two roods, county of Dalhousie, township of Kyneton, being part of section 7 : Commencing at the north-east angle of the sectiou; bounded thence by Mollison street bearing south two chains fifty links ; tlieuce by a line bearing west two chains ; thence by the Gaol reserve bearing north two chains fifty links; and thence by Sutton street bearing east two chains to the point of commencement. We have to acknowledge receipt of the annual report of the Ballarat School of Mines, fiom which we gather that the number of different persons who signed the roll-book during the year 1870 was 132 of whoai 61 were in regular attendance during January Term, 47 during April Term, 61 during July Term and ó') during October Term. The receipts for the past year amounted to £97S besides which a grant of £750 was received from the Government out of a vote for 1875-6 of £1500 in aid of Mining Schools. The Council are glad to observe that for the financial year 1876-7 the vote has been increased by £500. The expenditure for the year was unusually large as a new laboratory to accomodate IS students had to be built at a cost of 350, and new cases for museum specimens cost £22. The balance sheet shows a credit of £253 3s 2d. The following paragraph in the report is worthy of notice : "In connection with the Examinations of The School of Mines, it may be well to mention that several of the certificate-holders have in consequence of such proofs of their competency, obtained good situations in this Colony, and that steps are being taken to obtain the recognition of these credentials in the neighboring Colonies, from which occasionally students are sent to The School." The visit of the Bight Rev. Dr Moorhouse, Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, to Kyneton, is being ^looked forward to with much interest by the parishioners of St Pauls. In order that non-seatholders may have an opportunity of hearing the bishop preach next Sunday week, (the 25th inst,) it has been announced that seatholders must take their places a quarter of an hour before the time fixed for the service, as after that tbe Church wardens cannot guarantee that sittings will be kept . We understand that Sir Pritchard, the Architect, abting under instructions from the building committee of the Mechanics' Institute, is engaged preparing plans an d specifications for the alterations, evtensións, and repairs, suggested in the report which was adopted last Friday evening, ft is the intention of the Committee to push on the work without loss of time, and tenders are invited by advertisement in another column. In connection with this Are may call attention to an announcement with respect to a meeting of members to consider the question. The sittings of the County Court -will be commenced before Judge Bmdon on Friday next-. There are thirty- nine dobt cases set down ior bearing, seven bemg over £20 |and thirty-two under that amount " As-the probability is that some of these willbe settled during the next day or two, we defer publishing the list for the present There are two cases bafore tbe General Sessions, viz., that of John Shepherd charged with larceny, postponed from the laat pitting*, find, James M'Williams, committed' from "WooSend yesterday. There arę io caees to come before Court of It was stated by a number of the committed oi the Mechanics' Institute last Friday that it was the intention of the Kynettmslure Council to place i sum ou the estimates for the erection of a public hall. S.K- that a piece of land at the •C'M-nerof ilufciou snd Mollison streets has been temporarily reserved for that purpose, it is probable that at its next meeting the council will decide upon the steps to betaken. .Itis certainly.time that the council had offices of its own. and if it can be shown that the "financial-position of the shire will warrant the floating of a loan for the purpose of building an edifice which will be a credit to the district, it behoves the representatives of the ratepayers to allow no further delay to occur. " The question of the site deserves the fullest consideration, and this, no donbt, it will receive at the next meeting of the council. Yesterday the interior of the Temperance Hall was undergoing the process of complete transformation. The walls were being draped in green and white ; to-day those employed will be busily engaged in crowning their work with elaborate decorations of ivy leaves. The building is also bsing provided with a commodious annexe, and the object for which these works are beina carried out is to give due eclat to the opening of the bazaar in aid of the Roman Catholic Church at Redesdale. This is to take place to-morrow and at tln-ee o'clock the proceedings will be commenced. The Kyneton Volunteer and Town band will be in attendance and some choice selections of. music will be performed. A short address will be delivered ! by His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, alter which is expected that business will proceed with vigor. In the large hall there will be four stalls replete with the most- varied assortment of all that conduces to the.adornr.ient of a home, and the comfort of its inmates. There will be als'» a ^raud display of those articles of ladies attire in which embroidery, lace, and elegant workmanship contribute so much to make up the general effect, but to which the pen of a " pressman " would fail to do justice. But these are not alL Commodities of daily consumption will find a place and the lottery will bring many a dainty to the ticket "holder's table. The stalls will be presided over by Mesdarnes O'Meara and Donohoe of Kyneton ; Mes dames Clinton and M. M'Kenna of Ro<lesdale: Mrs Anderson, Miss Irwin, and Miss Melville of Woodend ; and Mrs O'Hanlon, .Miss Phillips and Miss Conway, of Malmsbury. These ladies will be assisted by others who will find agreeable occupation hi their endeavors to make the proceeds of the bazaar satisfactory. We had the pleasure, last evening of inspecting the contents of the stall over which Mesdames O'Meara and Donohae will preside, and certainly if this is a criterion of what the othej-s will be, the public who pay will have every reason to be gratified. The work undertaken by these ladies seeius to have been a labor of love, and nothing has been left undone which could add to the success of the hazwir. Among the articles which will ne displayed in the stall alluded to may be specially mentioned, two elejant chairstue one devotional, tlie other fitted for the drawing room. These have been worked in wool," the patterns being choice designs, and the mounting which has been executed by one of the principal upholsterers of Melbourne is a most excellent specimen of handicraft. There is also a maguificent ottoman, the seat and back of woolwork, and mounted as superbly as are the chairs ; then there is a large banner screen of choice needle ivork. mounted on a gilt frame, and surmounted with gilt hangings and bullion tassels. Two beautiful bannerettes in wool work fringed with gilt lace, and having tassels of the same material pendant will also be much admired. There are numbers of footstools, cozies, smoking caps, slippers, dolls, &c.; and there is an elegant vase of flowersdone in Berlin wool by Mrs Donohoe, and surmounted by a slass shade. The annexe of the hall will be fitted up as a refreshment room, and will be under the superintendence of Messrs Barry and Cardell, che Misses Shawcross and Wall, being the dsipensers of the comforts. The tickets of admission will entitle the holders to a chance in the lottery. Music will enliven the proceedings each day and evening. We were misled when we announced in our last issue that Mr Fitzgerald was elected vice-president of the Kyneton Coursing Club. There are two vice-presidents and Messrs Buscombe and Lyons were elected to fill those offices, on the motion of Sir Fitzgerald. It will be seen by a reference to our report of the V.R.C's races held on the Flemingtou course last Saturday thai the winner of the JTewinarket Handicap was Tom Kirk, the progenv of Ladvkirk owned by Sir C. F. F.-aser of Pemberly. The programme for the entertainment to be given at the Temperance Hall, Mollison-street, on the evening of to-morrow week, the 21st inst, in aid of the funds of the Kyneton Hospital by lady and gentleman amateurs of the Kojnsey and Lancefield district has been arranged, and a very good programme it is. There will be new songs and duets, recitations, ballads, some of Mageie Moore's favorite comicalities ; there will also be given some of Harry Rickard's character impersonations by a gentleman who will appear for the first time in Kyneton, but whose reputation for ability and humor has preceded him - and after other good things there will be a mirth provoking negro farce entitled "The Ghost in a Pawnshop/' We are sure that the amateurs who will visit Kyneton next week for the purpose of aiding a charity in which the whole district is greatly interssted, will receive a hearty welcome, and that the funds of the hospital will be greatly increased by the performance.. Tenders will be received by the chairman of the Tender Board, Treasury, Melbourne up to ten o'clock on Tuesday, 10th April for supplies of forage to the police stations, at Costerfield, Enroa, Lancefield, Eotnsey, and Wallan- WaJlaa. 