BUTTER FROM THAMES MUD. -O (From the Sanitary Record.) A FEW weeks ago an article with the above heading appeared in one of the daily papers, leading the public to believe that the fabrication of "mild Dorset"' for "best Brittany " from the fatty matter contained in Thames mud was actually carried on, and constituted a systematic and profitable industry. It was stated that on the Essex and north shore of the river, from Dagenham downwards, "mudbanks" are found at low water, with basket on back and took in hand, busily engaged in collecting Thames fat, and we were assured that these "mudbanks" are commissioned by London manufacturers to collect this " dainty treasure trove " in the interests of our metropolitan butter supply. The raw material which these "mu'llarks" were said to collect was described to consist of balls, vari ing in size from a walnut to that of a cricket ball. Each ball, which was stated to consist of fat, with a cork for its nucleus was described as being of a slate colour without, and almost white within. The cork was first enveloped in a mass of matted hair and woody fibre, and upon this the fat had collected, and the ball floated up and down the river until it was left by the receding tide upon the bank. The fatty matter which formed the outer crust of the bails, although largely purified by nature's re- fining process, was not considered sufficiently pure for the fastidious taste of the consumers of " best Brit- tany," and had to be subjected to successive sowings and various processes before it was fit to be made up into salt and fresh butter, for distribution to the public. The manufacture of butter from Thames mud has often been a matter of common remark, but we need hardly say that the story has been generally regarded as devoid of any foundation. When, however, we read the recent article on the subject, and found the matter revived in an authenticated form, we naturally felt curious to visit the spot and investigate the alleged Thames mud butter industry for ourselves. On visiting the place indicated we found four men, provided" with long poles and nets affixed to the ends of them, engaged in collecting portions of the materials floating on the water at the outlet of the North Metropolitan sewage works. The men were in boats, moored so as to fire across a series of channels through which the sewage passes into the river, and we were informed that the time of collecting is limited to about an hour and a half during the flow of the tide. The materials as collected were stored in the boats, and they presented a most uninviting appearance, consisting of a great variety of articles, such as matted hair, bits of wood, pieces of matches and straw, tarry matter, and a fair sprinkling of particles of fat. After each skimming operation the heats, with their contents, are taken to small barges, where there are appliances for extracting and purify- ing the fact. We obtained samples of the materials from the men, and afterwards operated upon them to extract the fat, with a view to determine how far it was practicable to purify the fat so as to render it fit for use in the manufacture of of butter as alleged. He subjected it to v. arion? purifying processes. but completely failed in rendering the fat bright and free from offensive t and disgusting odour, and we can have no hesitation in assuring the public that there need not be the least apprehension of their breakfast table being supplied with " best Brittany " manufactured from fat recovered from Thames mud. That the refuse fat from the millions of kitchens iii London, and contained in the sewage discharge into the Thames near Barking Creek, may in part be recovered and utilized, is beyond the question of doubt, but it is equally certain that the fat sore covered can only be purified to such an extent as to fit it for use in the manufacture of the most common kinds of soap and dip candles. There are no arrangements on the south side of the Thames for collecting the fat at the outlet of the South Metropolitan sewage, but it appears that the fat discharged into the river on that side is so largely con- taminated with terry matters, from paraffin and other works, that the difficulty of purifying it is so great as to render its collection and utilization commercially unremunerative. We obtained a sample of the balls referred to in the article of which we have spoken, and, as stated, they have a cork or being for their nucleus, and are left on the banks at high water mark by the receding tide, but they contain such a small proportion of fat that they are but little sought after. These balls, which are found in the neighbourhood of the sewage outlets on both sides of the river, are not white in the interior, as represented, but dark throughout, and are chiefly composed of matters other than fat. We hope we shall hear no more sensational statements as to the fabrication of " mild Dorset " or best Brittany " from the fat of Thames mud, and that the fact of the praiseworthy collection and utili- zation of the waste fat from our kitchens conveyed in the sewage to the Thames will no longer be unfairly employed to excite and alarm the public mind. ================================ PROFESSOR HUXLEY ON BIOLOGY. On the 17th December a lecture was delivered at South Ken- sington Museum, by Professor Huxley, on "The Systematic Study of Biology." It was one of the free science lectures given in connection with the Loan Collection of Scientific Apparatus, and the hall was entirely filled, while many were unable to secure admittance. Professor Huxley said at the outset that he proposed to answer the questions, What is biology : Why should it be studied ? How should it he studied? When should it be studied? In answer to the first question he gave a brief historic sketch. The Greek philosophers after the time of Aristotle distinguished between a knowledge of nature apart from man's interference, and a knowledge of man, his social arrangements, and his ways of thinking. After a reference to Bacon's recognition of the distinction, a quotation was read from Thomas Hobbes, in which allusion was made to the knowledge of facts, which is called history, being divisible into two sorts— firstly, the history of nature, such as metals, plants, animals, &c;, and secondly, civil history, which includes the voluntary action of man. "Natural knowledge " from this time came gradually to have a definite meaning, and when the Royal Society was founded it was called the Royal Society for the Advancement of Natural Knowledge. As knowledge accumulated, it was found that the experimental sciences were more exact than the observational, and while mathematical studies and astronomy and chemistry were distinguished by their special namely, the term " natural history " was used with regard to the residuum, such as the history of plants and animals, of minerals and physiology. It was in this sense that Buffon and Linnæus called themselves naturalists. At the beginning of this century a still further division was made in " natural history." Naturalists recognised that the knowledge gained from a study of plants and animals was different in kind from that obtained from a study of minerals and the properties of bodies. In 1862, simultaneously, in apparently independently, a German and two French naturalists proposed true word " biologic " for the whole study of living matter. The idea was accepted, grew, and we in England have for some time past used the word " biology." Dr. Field, of Norwich, had written to the lecturer to point out on philo- logical grounds that the word is a bad one, as Biosc is applied only to human life, while Ewn is applied to other animal life. Although he suggests a new term, Professor Huxley thinks it too late to change our present one. The exact limits of biology it is difficult to define. Among the lowest forms it is not always easy to determine what is living matter and what is not and, again, if the polity of bees and the republic among wolves form properly a part of the study of biologists, why should not the similar arrangements among men? They had, however, voluntarily given over such subjects to the sociologists. In reply to the second question, Professor Huxley said he regarded study as useful when it gave right ideas, from which right actions might spring. The world is governed by ideas, and it is important ideas should be as far as possible removed from error. Biology gave us important teaching regarding man's place in nature, corrected the old notions about his recent origin, showed how in structure and function he was like other animals, and removed the idea he was the all-important central feature in the universe. It further, in matter of fact, taught us much that was valuable in regard to the germ theory of disease, and among many other cases that might be cited it put an entirely new aspect on agricultural operations. In speaking of how biology should be studied, the Professor urged that mere reading is of little good. " Sense impressions " or what is meant by the expressions used can only be gained by practical laboratory work. It is not requisite to dissect all forms known, but it is important to £0 through carefully a course of dissection of type forms. These give sense impressions apart from what is gained from books or lectures. When once ideas are thus associated with words or phrases, the description of other animals and plants can be followed from, reading, the correct sense impressions being produced, The types used in the course given by Professor Huxley in his lectures at the School of Mines were referred to as containing all that was absolutely needed. Properly prepared specimens in museums are of great value, but we need very different arrangements from those now in rogue. We want certain selected type specimens for the general public and the mass of the collections kept for real extended study. The public is not instructed by seeing a hundred specimens of a sparrow. Such detail is for men of science. The public need teaching in a simple way. As regards the time for biological teaching, Professor Huxley repeated what he has said bíore that it may in a simple way be introduced in elementary schools, and that dissection may be commenced by students at about 13 or 15 years of age, under direction. ^___ REMARKABLE DISCOVERIES IN- AMERICA. - Some remarkable discoveries have, according to the St. Louis Republican, been lately made by a party of scientific explorers in the neighbourhood of Milton, Wisconsin. There are in that district a number of mounds which recent archtsological investigation has referred to the mysterious race that inhabited the central portion of North America long before the present aborigines obtained a foothold there. Select . ins the largest of these mounds, the explorers dug a trench from its outer edge to the centre thirty feet long, five feet wide, and at the centre attaining a depth of ten feet. About a foot from the bottom, at the deepest part of the excava- tion, a layer of ashes and decayed wood was laid bare. A few inches below this was a hard deposit resembling mortar, and beneath were found the remains of four adults and two children. That they belonged to the race of mound-builders is inferred from the fact that there had previously been ex- humed, only eighteen inches below the surface, a complete Indian skeleton. The other and vastly more important relics were eight and a half feet lower down. The first of these, a skeleton of a man, lay with the head to the west in a reclining position. At the knee near each hand, were two ornaments composed of the teeth of some wild animal, about four inches long, and having holes bored through for the string which attached them to the wrists. Close by was the skull, but so badly decayed as to prevent removal. A little to the south of the skull were four perfect flint arrow- heads, as cleanly cut as if the work had been done by the best modern machinery. Lying around and under the shoulders were twenty-nine beads, manufactured from small shells, and perforated so as to be worn as a necklace. Evidently this was the skeleton of some distinguished personage, for among the bones of the five others no ornaments whatever were found. The chief's companions were arranged about him to the west, north-west, and east. ' TirXi ELECTRICITY OF LEAVES. At a meeting of the Royal Society in December last, an interesting paper on the medicinal effects and electrical disturbances consequent on the excitation of the leaf of the Dioncca inscription, was read by Dr, Sanderson. The mechanism by which the leaf of Dionoa closes has already been studied by Mr. Darwin, but (say the Times) the experiments now made add much to the knowledge of the nature of the excite contractile process in plants and animals. The first set of experiments were to determine the time that elapsed between touching one of the sensitive hairs and the first perceptible motion. The touches were given at intervals of two minutes. The first half dozen produced no mechanical effect. Then 25 successive touches produced effects which variously took 7, 5, and 3 seconds before they caused actual motion. The 26th touch produced motion in 2-2 seconds, and at the 27th the leaf closed. It was found by attaching a one- gramme weight that with each touch after closing the leaf clenched fighter. With regard to the electrical condition of the leaf, it is found the external surface is positive to the internal. The electrical disturbance is strictly limited to the surface of the leaf, and does not extend to the petrols; the petrol simply serves as an ordinary moist conductor. Experiments were also made to ascertain the centre of greatest electrical intensity in the leaf, and tables giving the results of many experiments have been drawn up. In animals it has long been known that only the nervous and muscular tissues are electro motive, and it would appear that in plants it is the leaf alone that is electro-motive. It was found by shifting the needle- points to different parts of the leaf that when one part was exhausted and would produce no effects, other? parts would, thus indicating that the excitability of the plant is a property possessed independently by the protoplasm of every cell in the excitable area. Ex-J periments have also been made as to the time that elapses between touching a hair and the manifestation of electric disturbance, and it is found to be from one fixth to one-eighth of a second. Similar experiments on other plants, are promised. BELLs. They are going to have a very big bell in the tower of the new Town- hall, Manchester, but it is not yet settled what the same is to be called, Some suggest "Old Humphrey," others "Tim Bobbin," both of which names are locally appropriate. We shall certainly vote for " The Bobbin," for there is a bell-like tinkle about the latter designation which ought to settle the question. It is a " bob-major" in, itself. Nor should a word be said against it on the score of dignity, for bells never stand upon their, dignity. When the great Westminster bell was, hung in the clock-tower of the new Houses of Parliament it was determined to ignore; the nickname of "Big Ben," which some wag had suggested, and call it St. Stephen," but the public stuck to the more familiar, if less damned.' appellation. Big Ben, cracked though he be, is heard all over London, and known all over Europe. Indeed we do not doubt that his name has had much to do with his world-wide reputation. He can scarcely be, indebted for his celebrity to his size alone, or when compared with the great bell of Moscow his mass is only as that of Mars to Jupiter, the one weighing 30,000 lbs., the other 443,000 lbs. To be sure, the Moscow bell was never hung, and to this day stands in the centre of a square, close to the spot where it; was originally cast. We believe it is now used as a chapel ! Moscow also boas s the second largest bell in the world, St. Ivan (127,000 lbs.), but this fell in 1855. Pekin comes third with a bell weighing 112,0001bs.,and then-though at a huge interval-Paris, with 38,000 lbs., the weight of the bell at Notre Dame. Big Ben stands fifth with his 30,000 Ils., and after him the new " Kaiser locke " ("25,000 lbs.), cast for Cologne Cathedral. And now Oxford hails with her well known " Green Tom," weighing 17,000 lbs., which is a trifle heavier than the biggest of the Pope's bells at St. Peter's. The great bell of St. Paul's is much smaller, weighing only 8000 lbs. Lower than this we do not care to co. The oldest bell is St. Patrick's, now preserved at Belfast, which is certainly 800 years and may be 1500 years old. This is only 6 inches high., There is a large bell called " The Holy Ghost in the spire of Strasburg Cathedral, which is only rung by the watchman on the look out there when he has espied the outbreak of two fires in the city at the same time. enclosure very ancient ney have been round among the remains of Nineveh but the modern service of house bells, with their wives and cranks, only became general towards the end of last century, and this is already to a great extent superseded by the electric system. 'The dustman bell and the letter carrier's bell are things of the past, and-except at Stratford on-Avon-the curfew is heard no more. In many houses even the dinner-bell is supplanted by the gong, Rock. THE LORD MAYOR OF LONDON AND THE ARCTIC EXPEDITION- CHEWS. On the 5th of December, the Lord Mayor entertained the crew of the Arctic ships, the Alert and Discovery, arabesques in the Egyptian, Hall of the Mansion House. The men, eighty-six in' number, were under the command of Lieutenant Fulford, of the Discovery, and Lieutenant Giffard, of the Alert, They travelled to London from Portsmouth by the Brighton line, the whole cost of the journey there and back being defrayed by the Lord! Mayor and they were brought from the station to the Mansion House in private omnibuses. After the toast of "The Queen'' had been drunk the Lord Mayor presented each of the seamen with an ounce of tobacco and a briar pipe. During the evening several of the men being characteristic songs, and danced the Sailor's Hornpipe and other naval dances. The proceedings closed about 9 o'clock, with a hearty round of cheers for the Lord Mayor and Lady Mary: ess. THE PoKTincATiojcs or OI/ESSA.-A letter from Odessa in the Borsenzcttung says that the form tifications of the harbour there are now complete. Four huge batteries protect the town from the sides of the sea, and torpedoes are ready to be laid down so as to make the harbour entirely inaccessible. The garrison has been augmented to the strength of a full division. At Nieolaieff and Otchakoff the construction of the fortifications is also making rapid progress. Most of the troops which are now being dispatched by railway from Moscow via Kieff. and Balts to Odessa have been ordered to proceed to the Pruth by Kishenieff. The commissariat has made contracts for the supply of corn and horned cattle. Though the idea of war is not very popular among the commercial population of Odessa, the principal inhabit tants are making great demonstrations of patriotism One of the wealthiest of them, M. Papadopulo, has! placed a magnificent palace at the disposal of the authorities to be used as a hospital for the wounded ;' and other merchants have established kitchens at the railway station, where all the troops coming from the north are to be provided with food gratuitously. The furriers of the town, too, have offered large quantities; of winter gloves for the soldiers. The Russian Mir, in an article discussing the forces at the disposal of England for a war against Russia, says that it is easy for an insular Power to defy con- tinental States, but that Germany and Russia, with their colossal armies, have nothing to fear from; ironclads, which are powerless to attack their shores, or from the small English army of soldiers who serve for pay. .' England may well boast that she is ready for war, for she does not require much time to mobilize her insignificant military force and send her fleet to sea. Sweden and Denmark may also say, with equally good reason, that they, are ready for war ; but the question is whether England is able to enter into a successful conflict with! Russia for the achievement of a fixed political! object. England is powerful on the sea, but she is hopelessly weak on the Continent. . . . We may leave the sea to the English, and in the meanwhile we can quietly, destroy the Turks on land, or allow them to escape in English ships. "We can raise an) insurrection in India, from Persia, and Khokand and we can destroy England's maritime trade by the help of a few cruisers, while the English ironclads will endeavour in vain to approach the torpedo protected harbours of the "Black Sea and the Baltic. Our railway communications would make a successful landing of English troops on Russian territory as impracticable as one of Russian troops on English territory. In a word, England is harmless to us so long as she has no come tinent! allies and she will not find any, for the Napoleonic regime in France has fallen, and no other European State is disposed to follow its disastrous example. The great Powers of the Continent must attach far greater importance to the maintenance of their mutual relations than to the alliance of a commercial nation which, being separated from them, by the sea, holds aloof from the system of continents politics." Cßiciixr.-A game of cricket took place on Saturday last, at Moore Park, between the employees, of the firms of Messrs. E. T. Tebbutt and Co. and F. and G. M'Murtrie, which resulted in a victory for the former. 