TALES. BLACK SPIRITS AND WHITE. By FRANCES ELEANOR TROLLOPE. [Tbe right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Ufail.] Chapter LII. There was no time before dinner for any conversa tion between my lady and the other members of the party assembled at Lowry Place. She went at once to her dressing-room on her arrival, and only descended j from it a minute or so before James announced dinner, j The meal passed off very well, despite the incongruous I elements of which the company was composed, j Neither my lady's stolidity nor Sir Cosmo's sneers could avail to eclipse the gaiety of the others. Mr. and Mrs Flint were delighted with Rosamond, in whom the latter kept discovering innumerable traits of her grandmother, Mary Hovenden. Rosy for her part was as joyous as a warm-hearted young creature could be, who, from an atmosphere of gloom, depres sion, and coldness, found herself transported into the midst of cheerfulness, affection, and cordial, smiling faces. As for the two lovers, they were so obviously and unaffectedly happy as to excite my lady's dis pleasure. 'I never saw anything like those two!' she observed to her husband, later. ' And I don't think it's becoming.' ' What is it that has shocked your fine taste, Sally?' ' Oh, it's no good talking like that, Cosmo. No one could help noticing it. Why every time they look at each other their faces regularly beam again. I do think it looks so silly !' However, my lady's silent and majestic disapproba tion did not, as has been said, cast any shadow over the ' beams ' which she so much objected to. Possibly, indeed, her disapprobation passed unobserved; for Sarah's countenance was not very flexible or change ful, and even had the rest of the party been watching it closely, it is possible they might have failed to per ceive anything more than the usual expression of stolidity in the round blue eyes and pulpy red mouth. In the course of the evening, Percy Wigmore made his appearance in the drawing-room of Lowry Place. He and his wife had only arrived at Elcaster House the previous morning, and already he had left a card on Miss Lowry, and one for Major Maude at the inn in Clevenal, where the latter was now staying. Mary liai mentioned this when the ladies were a'one in the drawing- reom after dinner, and my lady had ob served in reply that the Wigmores had been chiefly induced to accept Lady Elcaster's very pressing and often repeated invitation by the fact that she (Sarah) intended to visit the neighbourhood about that time. ' I find that he and Rosy have struck up a great friendship since I left London,' said Mary, smilingly, to my lady. ' 1 don't know about a great friendship, but I trust and hope that Rosamond has learned to appreciate Mr. '\Vigmore better than she did.' ' Yes, I have,' put in Rosamond, who had heard what was being said— as indeed my lady intended she should. 'I believe Mr. Wigmore is really kind hearted ; and he isn't a bit of a hypocrite. He may not be very clever, but he is ever so much better and nicer than his wife.' ' Rosamond ! ' exclaimed my lady, reprovingly. Then turning to Mary, she said, 'You have no idea how good Mrs. Wigmore was to Rosamond — taking her out to drive, and to the Botanical Gardens, and behaving altogether in the kindest way. But Rosa mond, I am sorry to say, is not of a grateful disposi tion. For, as I told her, even although we know that Mrs. Wigmore only took notice of her for my sake, still she ought to feel some sense of obligation. But I believe she positively dislikes Mrs. Wigmore.' ' She doesn't speak the truth,'' pleaded Rosamond. ' And you cannot like people when you find them out in being false ! ' It was at this juncture that Percival came in, and deprived the company of my lady's comments on this dictum of her stepdaughter. 'Good evenin', Miss Lowry,' said he, advancing jauntily, but with a distinctly perceptible shade of hesitation. He was a little in awe of Mary, and not at all certain what sort of a reception she would accord to him. However, she speedily set him at his ease, and he greeted Mrs. Flint and Rosamond, and, last not least, my lady, with all his own youthfulness and gaiety of demeanour. ' I don't know whether a cigar has any temptation for you, Mr. Wigmore,' said Mary, 'but I believe there is something of the sort going on in the dining room, where my brother is.' ' Oh, no, thank ye, Miss Lowry. I don't care mu'h about smokin'. I'd rather stay here, if I may.' ' The gentlemen will be here directly, I think.' ' Oh, never mind them, thank ye. I much prefer ladies' society.' ' lou are a man of taste, Mr. Wigmore,' said Mrs. ?fclint. 'Oh, yes; men are so stoopid, sometimes, don't you know. At least some men. I don't mean your mother, you know, of course, Miss Lowxy. But there s ElcaBter, now. He is awfully stoopid, unless you get him on bettin' and things of that sort. Now I know nothing on earth about racehorses, and I get liounderin' about out of my depth directly.' ' How arc the Elcasters demanded my lady, with a peculiar air of shutting out the others from this topic, and as if' the Elcasters' constituted a private conversational preserve for herself and Wigmore, on which no poaching could be permitted by the un authorized. ' Oli, they're all right. At least the Countess is all right. Elcaster's rather seedy, and awfully cross.' ? ' ,,wo.nder they consented to spare you this even Ln? ? 6aid Sarah, archly. 'What did they say to your running a*way j ',9^? * can't help what they say, you know. I on t feel myself bound to play politeness with El ^er* And as to the old lady, she don't want me, sne only wants Alexandrina to get ^11 the gossip and scandal she can out of her. She always snu^8 me in point of fact, because I won't kotow to her. N°» I told Alexandrina before we came. I said, ' Now; look here, I'm goin' to please you, and you're goin to please Lady Elcaster. But if I find it too dis gustin' I shall slope like a shot.' Wh v should I stand Elcaster's nonsense ? That house is the deadly liveliest den in the kingdom. What with the Countess's airs, and Elcabter grow' in.' at the servants, aud the dinner, and the doctor, and everything, I really could not stand it. So I thought I'd just look in here for half an hour, if Miss Lowry won't turn me out.' Miss Lowry certainly was rather amused than offended by this ingenuous statement of the reasons which procured her the honour of Mr. Percival Wig more' s visit. Not so, my ladj\ She felt it to be very hard that such humiliating candour shoul i have been heard by Mrs. Flint, whom she now looked on as her deilared enemy. She had boasted about her aristocratic friends the Wigmores, and of their dear aristocratic friends the Earl and Countess of j Elcaster, and now came in that blundering Percy, J and talked of them as if they had been the commonest of mortals. Nay, what was worse, he owned that Lady Elcaster was in the habit of snubbing him*. It was altogether provoking and moriifying, and my lady turned sulky on the spot. In truth her annoy ance was superfluous, for Mrs. Flint had understoo 1 the whole situation perfectly well before Percy's in discreet revelations, and had not the slightest idea of triumphing over Lady Lowry in consequence of them. But Sarah's mortifications were nit yet at *n end. To her surprise and disgust Mrs. Flint began conversing ! with Percy about ' the Elcasters ' in a most familiar train, commenting on the old Countess's hauteur , and her son's character and pursuits, and on the disagreements between mother and son, and the mixture of meanness and extra vagance in my lord s doings, as matters perfectly well known to her. It must be confessed that Mrs. F lint's judgment of Basil, Earl of Elcaster, had become much more clear-sighted since she had given up all idea of seeing Mary Lowry his Counters. Then presently it appeared that Lady Elcaster had been in the habit ot coming to see Mary frequently of late, and that she hnd spoken of her to Wigmore in the highest terms. ' Oh, yes,' said Mrs. Flint to Maude, who had by this time come into the drawing-room with the other men, 'it wasn't the Countess's fault if you were not sent about your business, sir !' ' What had I f?one to merit her lad- ship's dis pleasure?' asked Maude, looking across with an ax used smile at Mary. But Mary blushed and shook her head. ' Nonsense, Vincent,' she said, ' Mrs. Flint is pleased to laugh at us.' Lady Lowry broke her sullen silence at this point to inquire rather eagerly what it was that Lady Elcaster had said 'against Major Maude.' ' It would have done credit to her ladyship's powers of invention if she had said anything either for or against me,' said Maude, ' for I believe she was until yesterday quite unconscious of my existence.' ' Oh, I don't mean that she hated you individually, Major Maude. But she had made up her mind that somebody would be a very nice daughter-in-law, and she didn't want you or any one else to carry off some body from under her nose.' Lady Lowry was astounded, angry — and incredu lous. Therefore, instead of letting the matter drop, as Mary evidently wished, she pressel question after question with so much coarseness and spite that at length Mrs. Fiint said plainly, ' Now, it's no use your shaking your head and looking so indignant, Mary. Your sis er-in-law does not understand the matter at all, and will think Heaven knows what, un less I undertake to speak to the point without hint or innuendo. What I meant by my little joke. Lady Lowry, was simply that the Counte-s of Elcaster showed an undisguised wish that her son should marry Miss Lowry ? ' ' Mrs. Flint !' exclaimed Mary. ' My dear, I don't think there *6 any harm in saying thit. It is the fact. I believe Lady Elcaster wouldn't deny it.' ' Oh, no, upon my word she wou'dn't,' said Wig more, after his usual boyishly ingenuous fashion. ' She almost said as much this evenin' at dinner. She said MiBS Lowry waB— well, I won't, then!' and j Percy pulled himself up abruptly, in obedience to [ Mary s grave protest, ' Mr. W igmore, I beg you will say no more.' My lady sat dumb, with flaming cheeks. MaTy had refused to be a countess, then ? The thing was in credible. Cosmo, too. listened with feelings of almost equal bitterness, though from a different cause. Mary had had this chance— had had a coro net at her feet, and had kicked it away for the sake of a fellow like Vincent Maude. Mr. Flint, who read both their minds pretty keenly, changed the subject by a coup de main. ' What's the latest news from spirit-land, Mr. Wig more ? ' said he. ' I hear you are quite an adept, and the last time I spoke with Lady Elcaster she said something about wanting to investigate spiritism. Now, when people like Lady Eicaster talk about wanting to investigate, one has a pretty shrewd notion what that means. But,' looking round with a cool, clear eye, 'I must be careful what I say in the present company. I understand your ladyship is a believer, eh ? ' Her ladyship was still struggling with the idea so suddenly presented to her mind that Mary might have been a countess, and wouldn't ; and a* her ladyship's intelligence, however solid, was certainly not mercu ' ial, her ladyship stared helplessly at Mr. Flint as if he had addressed her in an unknown tongue. Sir Cosmo was half inclined to resent Mr. Flint's bold mention of the spirits as an impertinence under all the circum stances. But inasmuch as he had openly pooh-pooh' d the spirit theory himself, he felt that there would be a certain absurdity in running a-muck on its behalf against Mr. Flint— not to mention that Mr. Flint was an enemy whom Sir Cosmo would rather attack in any imaginable manner than an open manner, upon any possible subject. So there was a pause, which would have become embar rassing but for the buoyant and unquenchable Percy, who rushed gallantly into the breach. ' I shall end by adoring that smiling little wax doll of a man.' said Mrs. Flint to herself. '* Oh, look here,' said Percy, 'I can give you the very latest intelligence. Jere, it's quite a curious co incidence your sayin' that now, Mr. Flint! Fat t is, I'm givin' up spiritism myself. I don't like goin' in for these things to the extent of — of ? ' ' Keally believing in them r' suggested Mr. Flint with grave politeness. ' Well, I mean — makin' em a noosance, don't you know ! It makes all the difference how you take things. Now with the Dableys and old Banbury St. Cross, and all that sort of thing, there was no chance of gettin' into a scrape, djn't you know. But, by Jove, some people go in for it to such a degree that you may have a bear loose in no time — 'specially in families. Because, of course, if there is a row it's sure to be your own people that pitch into you the hottest, don't you know !' And with this Percy smiled round on the assenble 1 | company, apparently quite undismayed by his own somewiiat depressing theory of the laws that g .vein domestic relations. With the exception of Lady Lowrr, every one present winced more or less perceptibly at this un lucky speech. But Sarah was equal to herself and to the occasion. Drawing herself up with dignity, and opening her eyes to their fullest extent, she began a sort of monologue with these solemn words : ' I think it's wicked to talk against the spirits.' There was nothing to be done but to listen in silence, t-ir Cosmo, with a heavy frown on his face, and his shoulders hunched up lo his ears, retreated behind a large book of engravings which lay en the centre table, and made a - if he were absorbed in their contemplation. But to the others no such refuge was open, and they had to endure the cold douche of my lady's eloquence with what fortitude they might. At length— apparently for no other reason than the general law, which decrees that no sublunary thing shall go on for ever — Sarah s harangue came to an end. And then Mr. Flint turning to Wigmore said, ' Well, and what is your latest intelligence r ' The latest intelligence was, it appeared, that Lady Elcaster, excited by Mrs. Wigmore s account of the wonders of spiritism, had sent to Lond n for Dr. Flagge the medium, and that he was expected to arrive at Elcaster House shortly. ' Sent for him!' cried Mrs. Flint. ' Invited him to stay at Clevenal for a few days, don't you know ? Of course, she'll pay him. And if she didn't, it would be worth Flagge's while to go to Lady Elcaster. She's quite bitten with the thing. I believe she fancied it might help to amuse Elcaster, but he don t teem to taketo the notion. HeEays if the spirits will name the winner «f the next Derby he'll believe in 'em. However, the old Countess is goin* to have Flagge. I 6hall keep out of it. I tuld Ladv Elcas er 60. I 6aid, 'Look here, Lady Elcaster, I know something about the spirits, and I've seen a good deal of 'em, and they're all very well up to a certain point ; but when people go plungin' in over head and ears, and belierin' all their gammon, don't you know, something disagreeable is safe to turn up — safe as the day,' and so it is.' Soon after this Percy took his leave, and Maude accompanied him. And then Mr. and Mrs. Flint went away, leaving the Lowiy family together under .j their old roof-tree. j The next day my lady began her search in earnest, j and on a methodical plan which eke had already 1 ' j arranged in her own mind, and to wMch Mary made no objection. This plan was to take the house in horizontal sections, beginning at the garret, and working down to the basement sto y. To the remark that no documents of any consequence were ever deposited in the u per regions inhabited by the ser vants, and that all the paper* and lettr rs belonging to Sir Rupert would be ceitam'y found distributed amongst th ee rooms- namely, his own bedchamber, the li rary, and the little study, on the ground-floor, Lady Lowry replied that as to those latter places they had already beensear hed ; that in order to - o things thoroughly her plan -was the Vest, and that if the teirch throughout the rest of the house prove i un tuccess-iul, they co'ild but make one more, and fin il, attempt to fnd the missing will, by carefully sifting again all the pa ers which had al e.idypas:ed through Mary's and Mr. Flint's hands. The mode of proceeding was as f -13ows : my lady had a comfort ible, well -cushioned easy chair, a foot stool, and such warm ra; s and shawls as she thought needful, carrie. I into the room — attic, or fctoreroom, or whatever it mi^ht be — which she had decided to make the f cc-ne of tlie day's operations. 'I here she installed herself as comfortably as - ircunistanees would ad-nit oT, and set her aides-de-camp to work to brin? everything in the shape of a wiitten paper which they could lay their hands on, and vhiih she then examine 1 for herself. The a^des-de-catip varied occasiona ly with the tircumstanccs. Sometimes a lad would lie told oil' from the staples or gardens to carry the basketful of dusty yellow old papers to my lady s arm-chair, and to mount on Mep-ladders to hi^h shelves or presses, and to overhaul their con tints. Sometimes a housemaid was spared to lend a hand. But let these subalterns change as they might, Miss Moore was always pre sent at her mistress's elbow; and although at first she found prying and searching through other people's properly an agreeable excitement enough, in the dulness of a quiet country- house, vet she soon be.ame tired, complained of the dust and the cold, and exhibited symptoms of sulkiness to her mistiess, and of rebellion and contempt in the servants' lia'l. Indeed to pereUt in. su h a task as my lady had undertaken required considerable force of will, and energy of perseverance ; for although Sarah under went very li tie, if any, bodily fut'gue, still neither for her was it in itself an agreeable manner of spend ing the morning to sit in the cold garret in the winter time, and turn over heaps of worm eaten papers which sent forth clouds of dust at every touch, and a musty smell as of the dead and gone years which lay embalmed, mummy-like, within their yellow folds ; and it was amazing to see what masses of papers were dragged firth from long-forgotten hiding places. Why or liow most of them had been preserved was a my6tery. There were old copybooks, old account-books, old diaries, and memoranda of ail sorts : heaps of letters — to look at the quantity one would have imagined that all the Lowrys for generations past had been in the habit of hoarding up every scrap of writing that came into their hands —bids, family receipts, and inventories of the contents of china and linen closets. One long disused attic, which 6erved as a storeplace for odds and ends of furniture laid up in ordinary, as it were, ?was a mine of these old and utterly valueless docu ments — valueless, that is to say, to my lady. Some quaint and picturesque chapters of family history, nnd obsohte manners and customs, might have been pieced together out of these yellow papers with their faded ink. But not on such trivial objects was our Sarah's forcible will bent. It very soon became evident that the task she had set herself would be a long one, if sha continued to pursue it with the same thoroughness to the end. But after three successive mornings of ha d work her pcrseverance showed no feigns of wearing out. Sir Cosmo had— at lier - rgentimd even imperative request — come up to sec her on the second morning, when she was about halfway through the coi.tc-n s of a g'eat oaken press in the disused attic before men tioned My lady's pink and white com lexion was disfigured by smears of du6t; dus: was iu her p-ettv brown hair, and her white plump fingers were cer tainly dirtier than they had ever been since the days of he- infancy, when she had made mud pies or grubbed holes in the jich clay soil of her father's farm. ?'Good Lord, Sarah, what a state you're in!' exclaimed her husband, looking at her very much as if she really were a naughty child, who had dirtied i s pinafore. ' It can t be necessary for you to steep yourself in grime in this fashion.'' ' As to being necessary, Cosmo,' returned my lady, ' I don't know. Some people t.on't t hink it necessary to do their duty. I do. I consi ler it my duty to my husband and my huebai.d's child— perhaps your son and heir, Cosmo— to l-. ok alter their interests, however disagreeable it mav be to my sell.'' Moore had been sent away to her luncheon, and the husband and wife were alone together. ?' But it's all nonsense, you know, j oking about here. It s totally out of the question that Sir llupert should have left his last will and testament up here! I don't suppose he ever was in this room since he was a schoolboy.' ' Never mind, Cosmo. I shall po t n as I've be^un. And then nobody can say afterwards that I didn't have a thorough routing out.' ' But, gool heavens, you'll be weeks about it, at this rate I' . ?' Ne*cr mind, Cosmo. It can't be helped if I am.' . 'll'm! I suppose you would consider it super fluous to inquire what Mary says to that r' ' She won't turn us out, 1 6u; p sc.' However, acting 011 lier husband's hint, my lady did say something in the couise of the day to the effect that she feaied she should not be able to com plete her investigations as quickly as she had at iirst hoped, and tlie visit of herself and her family to Lowry Place threat* ned to be protracted to weeks insteid of day. ' But 1 ('arc say you agree with me, Mary, ' she said, ' that it's better for the satis faction of all paitus to do the thing thoroughly whilst wc are about it.' And so, day a t*r day, Pavali sat and turned over piles of papers, whilst Sir Cosmo went over his estate, worried Mr. Stokes, and made himself detested by the majority of his tenants, who were all of the opinion of the iand'ord of the George Inn, that the new baronet was a 'bitter weed.' CllAl'TF.R LIII. S ii Cosmo Lowry and his wife had arrived at Lowry rif ce on the ICth of January ; it was now the middle of the iirst week in February, and thev were still there, and nothing had come of Sarah's obstinate scar h. Tbat is to say, at least, she had not found whit she sought for; but in other directions several things had come of her search. In t're first place a great deal of gossip had come of it, and a wonderful number of fa'se statements: from the simple misap prehension ot the ignorant and inaccurate to the lie direct and malignant. There was not a dwelling in Clevenal where my lady's proceedings were not ea«erly canvassed. They were an exhaust' ess topic of~ta'k alike in the labourers' cottages and the drawing- rooms of Elcaster House. Mrs. Flint declared seriously to her liu band that she thought the w»iuan was m id. ' She has a mono mania on the subject o: Sir Rupert's will, Samuel,' said Mrs. Flint. ' All that dete-table spiiit business Jias turned her Drain. One has heard of such things happening before mw. All I wonder at is that Miss Lowry should allow it to go on ; to think of having one's house ransacked in that way — and by that woman ! ' But Mr. Flint would not give into the theory of monomania. And as to Miss Lowry, he thought she was behaving admirably. ' W ell, but, Saomel, you don't suppose for one instint that Sir Rupert was likely to have hidden away his will amongst the disused rubbish in the garret: ' '? No, I can't say I suppose that.' 'Of course not! one who knew Sir Rupert cou'd entertain so preposterous an idea. Xosanc man or woman could believe it. Lady Lowry as been t -ld by all sorts of people who aid know him well that such a proceeding on his part was utterly incredible and out of the question, and yet she gees on day after day — it's a case of monomania. That dreadful man Dr. Flagge— and why doctor? Only with people like that, if you begin with one ' why' you must go on with a* hundred more -twists lier round his finger, and makes her believe what he likes. IIow Lady Elcaster can harbour such a wild looking creature, with his hair all about liis shouMers, and that jacket with silver buttons like a dancing dog ? !' &c.;, &c.;,kc. In truth Dr. Flagge's pre-ence at Elcaster House had caused a sensation little inferior to that made b3* the story of Sir llupert Lowry's missing will. Had not the Lowrys been Clevenal folks irom father to son for hundreds of years, it may be asserted that Dr. Flange and the spirits would have carried away the palm. But nothing could be so interesting and im portant in Clevenal as the private afi'aiis of Clevenal magnates. Dr Flagge after all was an outlandish personage, who had appeared to ' overcame them like j a summer cloud,' and would in all likelihood dis appear again in the same manner. As to his occult and magical wonders, public opinion amongst the vil lagers was greatly divided : some opining thst Fiagge performs 1 tricks with balls and little red boxes such aB they had seen at Elcaste ? fair ; others inclining to the belief that it was more like fortune-telling ; while some said that he showed ghosts on a white sheet in the dark by means of a magic lantern. It had got about that there was some connection between my lady's search for the will and ' Dr. Flagge s spirits,' as the Clevenal phrase had it, attributing to the eminent medium a sort of proprietorship in the troupe of disembodied ladies and gentlemen who were s ip p ised to conti ibute to the amusement of the great people at Elcaster House. To Mary Lowry and to Vincent Maude the neigh bourhood ot Dr. Flagge was the most disagreeable' result of the wh -le matter ; far more so than the pre sence and the active researches of Sarah. Maude honestly thought Flagge not only ail unscrupulous, but a malicious fellow, and Mary was shocked and hurt at tbe idea of her father's name being used in the deceptions of this charlatan. Some account of what went on during the seances at Elcaster House reached her by one channel or another, and every thing she heard of Dr. Flagge's spirit revelations served but to deepen her disguet for them and him. Almost immediately after his arrival at Elcaster Hou-e Sarah intimated that she wished to see and speak with him; and upon this Miss Lowry had quietly but firmly declared that she would on no pre text receive Dr. Flagge. T1 is was a great blow to my lady, hut Mary was inflexible, and quite unmoved by representations that Flagge was admitted to the houses of the ' aristocracy, ' and that it wo.dd ' look 60 funny ' if Miss Lowry openly set herself -painet a person patronized by the Count jss of Elcaster. ' Besides, I particularly want to speak to Dr. Flagge,' said my lady, as if she thought that argu ment irresistible. ' I have no pretension to prevent your speaking with any one you think proper to receivc. If Dr. Flagge comes here by your directions to see you, I will give orders that he shall be admitted to the drawing-room, where there will be no other person.' ' But when can he come ? All the morning I am occupied in the search. And I can assure you it is a fatiguing business, Mary. After luncheon 1 require a litt'e rest. No one seems to consider that my strength requires to be kept up, particularly under present cir cumstances. The most convenient plan would be to have him here to dinner— or, at all event?, in the evening, and then I could talk to him comfortably.' ' I am sorry to disoblige you, Sarah, but I must positively refuse to admit that person among my guests.' 'Really, Mary, you are dreadfully prejudiced. Any one 'would think, to hear you, that you knew nothing of the world.' 'It is true that I know very little of Dr. Flagge's world— and the glimpse I have had of it does not tempt me to know more.' ' Well, I dcclare I had no idea you could be bo obstinate.' Mary shook lier head laughingly. ' There never was a Lowry yet, I believe, who had not a spice of obstiuay,' said she. My lady had to give up the attempt to get Dr. Flagge invited to Lowry Place. But this check, by reminding her of Flagge's last interview with her in London, suggested to her mind another proposition, which the proceeded to make, undaunted by her failure about Flagge, and not per mitting dipnity or resentment to prevent her making an attempt in a different direction, the began at once, driving st raiglit at her point. 'I think it would be kind of you, Mary, to ask that poor little CEnone Balasso down here for a few days to see Rosamond.' Mary was considerably surprised at this proposi tion. lier sister-in-law had never shown any par ticular kindness to (Enone. My lady went on : ' I am told that Mr. Balasso is anxious to get the girl taken up by people of good position She has no mother, and it would be a charity to help her out of that dreadful set of people she was living amongst ; and Mr. Halasso is very well off— extremely well off — almost what you may e all a rich man, so that really it would not look at all queer to take notice of the girl. Indeed, I think it would be quite a proper thing to do. I should have invited her to Green street, I assure you, if I had been going to ttay in town.' ' I did invite (Enone to come here, thinking that change, and rest, and country air, even in the winter, might be good for her. But she refused to come. She seemed almost to shrink from coming in a strange way.' '? Oh, well, she always was strange. You mustn't tliink anything of that. I dare say she's more agree able in her manners now that she has better clothes, and all that.*' Mary asked her niece, as soon as she found an oppor tunity of doing so, whether she had feen (Enone re cently, and whether she should like her to be invited to Lowry Place. To the first question Rosamond re plied by relating the story of Ginone's sudden depar ture from Green- street, and Lady Lowry's consequent wrath against her. To the sec nd, she answered that she lo* ed Nona deary, and should rejoice to see her again, although Nona had see iied to wish to divide herself utterly from all the family. ' Well, fo it appeared to roe, 1 confe s,' said Mary, I moie puzzled than ever as to the motive of her sister in-law's sudden tendeine&s; for Gilnone Balasso. However, my lady returned to the charge gallantly, and made it a personal request that (Enone shoul J be inyited to Lowry Place. ' I am more than willing to have the poor child, if you think it would be of any help or comfort to her to come here, but — the truth is that I scarcely know where to put h r.' ' Surely there must be 6pace enough in this big house.' 'There is space, undoubtedly ; but many looms have been disused for years.' 'Well, I'll tell you what could be done. Rosa mond's room is a very large one; just have another bed put into it, and the two girls will do beautifully together.' Mary could scarcely help laughing at the singular persistence of her sister-in-law. However, she was unwilling to refuse to invlta OEnone, and consented to send her a note asking her to come 1 1 Lowry Place the following week. ' I think you will find that (Enone will refuse,' said she, wh n she had finished her note, aud enclosed within it a few lines from Bosamond. ' Oh, no ! If she were such a fool, her father knows better. I am told Mr. Balasso is a person of very \ roper fee'ing, who wishes to pet into a nice set. What a mercy for the girl that her father turns out to be such a sensible man! He might have been a creature like that dreadful old Russian. One might have expected anything, I'm sure, to hear Miss Balasso's queer talk.' When Vincent Maude was told of the invitation he was so manifestly dissatisfied that Mary co'ld not help perceiving it. ' Do you dislike my having (Enone here r' she asked. ' In truth, Vincent, it w as chiefly the thought that you we:e interested in her, and would like me to be 'kind to ker, which turned the scale.' 'No, dearest! — dislike you to have poor Nona? Certainly not. And your sweet goodness to her would make me love you more than 1 do, if that were possible. But ? What has put this into Lady Lowry's head ? She used to treat Nona anything but affectionately. There never was such a woman ! Her singlemindedness in pursuing her own way, and her shamelessness in disregarding the feelings of every one else, are almost sublime.' My lady despatched a note to Mr. Balasso by the same post which carried Mary's invitation to his daughter. She was minded to have all the credit to be got by patronizing poor CEnone ; and at the same time she gave Mr. Balasso a hint that to neglect or decline this invitation would be equivalent to losing her countenance for his daughter next season. ' Well,' she said to Flagge, the next time she saw liim, 'I have invited Miss Balasso here. And I hope it will be of some use. I suppose there's no fear of her refusing to be mesmerised r I have no idea of her giving herself airs, even though she may be co.nfortabljr off. If she comes to a house like this, I sha 1 expect her to show some gratitude. I wish that to be clearly understood.' Flagge looked at my lady almo t with admiration. He had never crnceived th *. idea that Miss Lowry might be induced to invit ? CEnone to visit her. Then a sudden misgiving crossed his mind. ' Nony has the peculiarities of a highly sensitive organization,' sai i he. ' I don t feel sure she'll accept.' ' Sensitive fiddlestick ! Don't talk nonsense, Dr. Flagge. If she takes any of her rhodomontading whims — that's what you really mean by sensitive organization !— her father will exert his common sense, I should hope. I took care to write to him also.' 'Lady, I admire at your energy and grasp of mind ! ' ' Ah, I can assure you it's all needed. Day after day I go on looking and searching and rummaging about amongst masses of paper until I'm fit to faint. But up to the present time 1 haven't coine upon one scrap referring to Sir llupert s last will and testa ment. The spirits keep on telling you that it was not destroyed, do they ? ' ' They testify to that effect. Yes, madam. But — that ain't altogether same thing as saying it's in this house, you know, lady.' Sarah turned pale. ' Why, good gracious, Dr. Flagge,' she exclaimed, ' you don't mean that, after I've rumma ;ed through this house a6 no one but a wife who was determined to do her duty by her hus band's family could or would have rummaged, I may have to begin the search ail over again? And where r Oh it's too awful to think of!' And she clasped her hands with a despair ing gesture that was quite genuine and unaffected. ' Well — I guess that if the document was not dis covered in the cou. se of your resear lies throughout the family mansion in which the deceased breathed his last — why, — you'd just have to give up,' returned Flagge slowly. It was the first word of discouragement — the first word, indeed, other than wholly encouraging — which she had heard from him on the subject, and it came upon her almost like a blow. But in an instant she rallied, and, standing up, said, ' As long as I've breath in my body I won't give up till that -will's found. The spirits have promised me that I shall find it. And -and you're not the only mediun in the world ! I've heard of a woman who can do wonderful things : read a letter put at the back of her head, and see what's going on a hundred miles off. Give up r Why L do believe it would kill Sir Cosmo ! He hasn't said much^about it, —that iB not Sir Cosmo's way, — but I know he has had scarcely anything but this missing will in his mind for months and months. It isn't of the least use for you to talk to me about giving up, Dr. FJagge, and so I teU you.' If Mrs. Flint could have seen and heard my lady at that moment, she would liave been confirmed in her theory that Sarah was a victim of a monomania on the subject of her father-in-law's will. Flagge, as he walked down the avenue and through Clevenal village, took a mental review of the situation. 'After all,' said he to himself, as he slirugged liis shoulders and tossed the long hair aside from his fore head, ' that game's pretty near played out, far's I'm concerned. Miss Lowry despises me ; won't receive me into her house. I know all that very well, and I don't care a cent about it. Only —if they do get Nony to come down here, I don't want to be banished from the sight of her. My poor little white lily ! There s not one of 'em all understands her as I do. And as to caring for her— why I don't believe there's a human being on the face of the earth except poor Obadiah Flagge as would have a half an hour's heartache if she was to die to-morrow — not even her father. And yet all these others can see her and be with her, aud talk with her as much as they care to, w hilst I have to scheme for a glimpse of her. It's an infernal foolish world— and '1 dunno but I'm as big a fool as there is in it. ' 