UNOETIODOI SYDNEY. By a Pilgrim. OVER THE SPEAKER. Hold ! {say we all) a cat-call each shall win ; Equal your merits, equal is your din ! But that this well-disputed game may end Sound forth my brayers and the tvelkin rend. So sioclls each windpipe : jL$s intones to jiss— Harmonic twang of leather, horn, and brass ! — Pope. If there be any truth iu the old adage — ' It takes a wise man to make a fool,' there muot in-* deed be a vast amount of wisdom embodied in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales. I know of no more disenchanting process than ia arrived at by a pationt attendance during a protracted debate in the House. . The effect is even painful; — it io more than painful — ifc is humiliating. For my part, I have the phreno- , logical bump of 'veneration'' strongly developed, and when reading* the debates over the morning' ] cutlet, I have seemed to view the Ministry, and s the members of both Houses through a haze of \ diplomatic and legislative glory. Somehow or other, I have, as a rule, avoided the Chamber, j Perhaps an instinctive dread of being disillu~ ; sioned caused me to do this. Yet on one oeea~ . sion, now many months ago, I remember me ; fighting my way in among tho unwashed in the 'Strangers Gallery.' But I did not remain ; long on that occasion. I was no sooner seated than a gentloman on my loft produced from hio capacious pockets a light collation, con sisting of a saveloy, a handful of : eschalots, and a penny roll ; while the politician on the other side incessantly picked his teeth j with a huge brass pin, emitting now and anon ? clearly defined chords of music like those , emanating from that delight of our youthful : days— the jew's harp. As long as the eaveloy ; gentleman confined himself to r.that luscious edible and the staff of life, I was tolerably comfortable ; but as soon as he commenced to flavour his banquet with the pungent esculent I have alluded to, I incontinently girded up my loins and fled the scene. It was only when duty called me that I again entered the sacred precincts of the House. On a drizzly afternoon, then, I slowly and sadly bent my steps in the direction of Macquarie street. The sky was overcast, and tho atmos phere was impregnated with a complicated odour of mouldy umbrellas and stale tobacco smoke. The voices of the newspaper boys vociferating the eternal Hccv.ernin Noose and Hccvernin Echo, came faintly from the direction of KingnBtreot, and the tones of the enterprising merchant who eternally retails ' fine oran-goes' at tne gates oi me jL/omam appearcu, owmg lo the thickness of the air, to be muffled in the deep recesses of a watchman's jacket. It was with some tvopidation that I approached the Parliament House. I was awed by the elabo rately carvod coat-'of-arms which ornaments the somewhat p rimitive f ac. ade of that structure, and a glimpse of the hon. the Minister for Lauds puffing at the stump of a very black cigar on tho kerbstone inspired me with a feeling of tre pidation which I vainly essayed to ctifle. As I entered tho building, however, I somewhat recovered my composure. I may even say a feeling — a pleasant feoling of pardonable pride' at belonging to tho fourth estate of the colony, and consequently possessing the entree to tho reporters' gallery, permeated into my soul. Mounting a narrow staircase to tho left, I was soon in the classic haven devoted to immaculate journalism. Entering a long room at the back of tho gallery, I proceeded to deposit my hat and umbrella in a place of safety, when I was accosted by' a young man who was wearily transcribing his shorthand notes at a leng table. Ho was V- prim-looking youth, with an' ingenious countenance and a short collar that had apparently been manufactured for some' Brobdignagian ancestor. ' Sir,' ozclaimod this phonographic stripling, ' this apartment belongs exclusively to the 'EralcZ.' I started. The honour of being adressed by one of tho old lady's bant lings almost overpowered mo. 1 was about to reply, when a somewhat aged party, liko-« wise seated at the table, and likewise steno graphically employed— a gontloman whose eye brows, whiskers, and habiliments were all of some neutral tint, said— (iEv — oh, yes, this room's set apart for us.' At this I answered never a syllable. I may have felt strongly disposed to uae words of an unparliamentary nature, but tho knowledge of where 1 was restrained mo. I merely gathered up my property, and contented myself with bestowing upon the litsrary twain a soft and. genial smile. Passing into an adjoining apartment, I was fortunate to encounter a gentle man on the staff o:r that enlightened journal, in which is incorporated the Empire. Affcsr es changing the usual civilities, the distinguished satellite of the vespernal newspaper remarked— ' You're quite welcome, of course, but thia room has been placed by the House at tlio disposal of the Evening Neivs staff only.' Then I was indeed taken aback ; but like the heroes in. ISdraond f About'a novels, I ' restrained myself by a violent - i effort.' What should 1 do ? Here was I simply ;j endeavouring to perform, the work required of i me by my paper, when, at the outset, my \ actions were hampered by the venal existence of ''-, a ' grinding monopoly.' I paused a moment |1 undecided; my eyes fixed dreamily upon the If intellectual physiognomy oi my companion, ;j Should I descend into the ' body of tho House,0 ' j and request.the Speaker to kindly mind my hat ij and umbrella ? or should I cast myself at the fee fc ? !| of that fierce- looking ofScial, the Sergeant afc ;[ Arms, and request him to keep guard with drawn '; sword and ruffleo over my property ? No ! — in a ;| moment jl v/ub uacmeu. .Doster zav to risir my joods in the room, devoted to tho Evening News mon, than disturb the equanimity of the House. E therefore deposited my property upon the sofa, and offering up a prayer for its safety, entered the gallery. Surely when the hon. the Speaker allotted the only two available rooms pertaining to the Press portion of the House to the exclusive use and benefit of two journals only, he was not aware that other newspapers oxinted in the city, It is just possible that there are journalists in Sydney who look upon tho venerable chronicle of Baptist tea fights, evangelical Haufiin worries, and teetotal toLxrnaments (to the exclusion o5 mnoh that in rational and instructive) wifch the reversG of an admiring eye, and would decline the doubtful honour of being enrolled among the staff of a journal whose absurd sectarian prejudices and narrow-minded theological doctrines have long caused it to be regarded—* not as the unbiassed organ of a powerful com munity, but as a party paper whose opinions are inspired by a small portion of the Nonconformist clergy. Looldng at the matter from another point of view, a scribe might have lived for years devoutly hoping that at some future time, before the snow of age was on his locks, a happy turn of the 'wheel of fortune would place him among the learned coterie of that Pitt-street broad sheet, which is so justly celebrated for the largeness of its type, the originality of its orthography, and the startling humour of its police court paragraphs. But if, the fates not peing propitious, that scribe's services were accepted by another journal, is tho unfortunate man to be debarred from the privilege of transcribing his notes in company with the more favoured of hia journalistic brethren ? It would seem so, indeed. Ifc would also ccom that the Speaker (within whose province the arrange jr ? — \ ; j- . ? O monfc of these matters comes) is ignorant of the fact that the same con veniences are required by tho critic for the proper performance of his duties, qs by fchoao gentlemen who pass their lives committing to papor the words of wisdom which fall from the lips of our legislators by means of a meohanioal science ; but who are unable to contribute to their journals one respectable line of original writing. The reporters' gallery in tho Legielar tive Assembly is a narrow trough, fitted with two porches for the manufacture of copy. The front perch is embellished with seven desks. Why this numbbr and no more is a mystery; Perhaps the inspired individual who designed the gallery was ox an allegorical turn of mind, and may havo fixed upon that number, having floating in the current of his memory something in connoction with tho seven sleepers, tho coven - tribes of Judali, or iho covon eono oi' Mammon. Tho desks are nil appropriated by momborn on tho etafl: of the two dailioo, and theroforo all othor scribes are relegated to tho noeocoity oi taking' a bsok seat ; from which Coign of vantage they can merely see the members on the oross^benohes, the occupants of the Speaker's gallery, and the unsoaped upon tho Giant's Causeway above. A man might, I take it, sit at the back porch of the -press gallery for a life time, and yet never cither bohold the Ministers or the Opposition. It is only -when a man at tains fame an a critic that ho is promoted to tho front. The giftod litterateur who pens tho 'Notes on Current Events' in tho livening News has, in recognition of Ms sublime genius, his sound philosophy, and the skilful manner in which ho rounds his periods, been ad mitted as an honorary member of tho front perch. Nor do I grudge him the privi lege.. I am always willing to recognize true talent, and therefore I have no hesitation in saying I admire to delirium this current eventful wxiter. When I read his paragraphs I feel as though I should liko to humble rnyaolf before him; -I long to grovel' at his feet and implore him with tears in my eyes to impart to me, under seal of the strictest confidence, the secret of tho stupendous success which has characterised his luminous lucubrations. I selected Tuesday, the 2nd instant, for my first visit to the House, as I was assured by a sanguine friend that I should probably see some fun on that day. Well, I am bound to admit that I did see come fun ; albeit that pleasantry was of a somewhat painful description. It was rather startling to find that not ono in ton of our ' legislators has saasterod tho rudi ments- of either oratory or grammar. When it is considered that the members of the Legis lative Assembly aro personally picked to repre sent the public on account of possessing abilities ?which elevate them above the common herd, it is to be greatly deplored that the arguments em bodied in their apeechs are of the baldest and flimsiest description ; the sarcasm diluted and un scholar-like ; and the invective (a powerful in* gredient in nearly every discourse I heard de livered) so coarce in tone and burlesqued in delivery as to be only successful in arousing tho risible-faculties^* those at whom it is directed. The humour (cave the mark !) indulged in. by hon. members is, when not shamelessly plagi arised,- of a very corrowful description. When Mr. Piddington observed—' If the Governor's corre spondence wore only in appropriate binding such as calf, and if his Exoellency, when ho leaves, ?would only condescend to leave (sic) a few copies for the 'edification, of ignorant men like himself, he did not knov what good might nob result' — the hon.' member for the Hawkesbury was guilty of a very bar e£ ae'ed ' crib 'from Byron's Englioh Bards.- In alluding 'to tho Earl of Carlisle's verses'tho poet says : — ' Yes, doff that cov'ring where morocco shines, And hang a calfskin in those recreant lines.'' Thus we' see that the only joke Mr. Piddington has made for a very, very long time is consi derably^moro than half a century old — alraocfej in fact, as ' ancient as the hon. member for the Hawkesbury himself . I listened with interest to Sir Henry Par Ices' s speech, in which he moved the adjournment of the House. I listened with interest, because I trusted in his being the exponent of some moderately original ideas when so good a chance was before Mm. But I was disappointed. Sir Henry' talked as usual about the 'principle underlying tho Constitution,' and then lapsed into platitudes of the most inane description. The ex-Premier, by the way, is always harping upon the constitutional responsibilities of Minis ters when he figures in the Opposition, although when in power himself his proceedings are marked by a total, and even reprehensible disre gard of the constitutional course he professes to advocate. It will bo remembered that during the Gardiner imbroglio in tho last session of the last Parliament, when the Governor penned his notorious minute, in which he st/ginatized the petitions of the public against the reloase of that worthy as 'sensolesn clamoor,' and censured the House for its attitude iu opposing his desires, Sir Henry, in order to intimidate the members and shield himself behind the Governor, brought that minute and laid it before tho House. A more unconstitutional proceeding than this it would.be difficult to imagine — a proceeding which resulted iu bringing the representative of the Crown and tho representatives of the people into violent and acrimonious collision. Persons differ as to whether Sir Homy Parkes shines as an orator or not. Thoro aro some who, never having in their lives . travelled over the bordors of the Murray, parsons whose political sympathies and feelings aro exclusively wound up in tho doinga of tho JDT.S.W. Parlia ment, regard the ox-Promior in tho light of a colonial Gcladotone.. Thoso man, however, who have had experience of tho elocutionary fcriumpho of oratpre in -the, old .country , are.apb if eny thing ' to undervalue Sir Henry's oratorical powers. I ' ana willing to admit, as far as I am concerned, i that his powers of persuasion aro at times con siderable, Indood Fir Henry Parkos has carried thoso insidious arts with marked oucceas into private lifo, and his eloquence has beon tried with the strictest impartiality upon tho members of all parties and S9cts by turns. As a practical proof of what I say, any individual who has ever lent an ear to Sir Henry Parkes has always been persuaded to lend him something more valuable. At buttering, with oily words tho working, man, he is unrivalled. At a meeting of artizans some years ago, tho subject of my remarks was invited to be present and address the assemblage upon the subject of an eight hour labour bill. And he did so. He spoke for upwards of two hours, glorifying the honest bub confiding mechanic in a perfect apotheosis of laudatory periods. Then, when he deemed his hearers sufficiently lubricated by flattery, ho came to tho point at issue. He implored and entreated them as their friend not to agitate for such a measure. Were they not as free as the air, proud representatives of England's power, and the colony's prosperity, and would they subject themselves to legislative bonds and trammels, shackling that freedom which is the propar pride of every true born Briton, a prido that swells tho manly breast of evory honest artizan ? He for one would not prevent any man by law from working twelve hours if ho liked — he (himself) had worked sixteen hours a day— and so he disposed of the Eight Hour Bill by making it appear compulsory rather than per missive. There is, I believe, no record of what impression these words made upon the minds of hia auditory respecting the Eight Hours Labour Bill ; ' but the Ex-Premier undeniably convinced his hearers that he had their welfare sincerely a* heart. It would be as well, I think, if Sir Henry would occasionally peruse Hamlet'a address to the players. He would then learn (amongst other things) 'not to saw the air so much.' It is said Sir Henry, at one stago of his existence, devoted himself to tho manufacture of articles of pastime for the young. I can quite believe this. I have heard it alleged that the nature of a man's occupation stamps itself to a certain extent upon his featureo. It is so with tailors and shoemakers and bakers. Why not then with toy makers. Sir Henry Parkea VGry much resembles an ugly toy, When he is speaking hia atti tude is suggestive of some ono pulling the string at irregular intervals Ho is very fond, too, of speaking with his hand iu his trousers' pocket. He has even been photo graphed in that graceful attitude ; and that re minds me of an anecdote of Sir Henry, Avhich is characteristic enough to be true, but which my readers can take cum grano if they chooso. It appears then, that in every part of the Premier's house there are his portraits. They aro in great variety. In every conceivable position, except ing that of standing on his head is Sir Henry to be seen. Here you observe Parkes smiling blandly, holding a roll of paper between his thumb and forefinger ; there you see him grace° fully reclining on a sofa, conscious that the admiring eyes of the world are ;.upon him. In some of the portraits he resembles an 'elevated1* Malay watching for the kettle to boil ; in others a native of Siam lying in wait for a cockchafer ; while in those pictures in which he sports the roll of MS. aforesaid, he is strongly suggestive of the ghost of Orockford's chef armed with a rolling pin. One day he took one of his sup porters homo to dinner. While the cook was dishing up, Sir Henry showed his guest around the apartments. Arrived at length in the drawing-room, tho Premier pointed to ono of his pictures, where he was represented standing in an easy position, with his right hand in his trousers' pocket. The guest, who was a hard headed old farmer, looked afc the picturo for a few moments, then digging- his host facetiously in the ribs, he cried — ' Well, mind you Muster Parkes, it ain't by no means a bad un ; but don't yo think now it ud ev' bin' more approupriet if ye'd been taken with yer hand in somebody else's pocket ? The farmer has, I presume, not since beon invited. The general expression of Sir Henry's facial lineaments is against him. In contemplating tho ex-Premier, one is irresistibly reminded of Pope's famous linos in tho opening section of the seoond book of the D unclad — ' The proud Parnassian sneer The conscious simper and the jealous leer Mix on his holes !' Whatevor may be said respecting the ex Promior's ability as a statesman, there can, I imagine, bo but ono opinion concerning his talent as a bard. I have before me a small volumo entitled 'Murmurs of the Stream,' | purporting to be written ' by Henry Parkes, ) late member of the Legislative Assembly for the city of Sydney, and dedicated to the 3057 electors of Sydnoy who returned tho author, Henry Parkes, March 13th, 1856.' ' Fhccbus, what a name To fill the speaking trump of future fame .'' I have carefully waded through this book, and the conclusion I have come to is that tho poems aro very funny indeed. Sir Henry Parkes, liko many other poetasters, set out on his pilgrimage to Parnassus with a very meagre kncwledgo even of the rudiments of versification. The author had probably learned from his English grammar tho difference between a trochee and an iambic ; but there his learning- ended. Tho mechanical construction of tho simplest verso ho lacks in procisely tho samo degree ho is wanting in poetic fire ; and yet, strange to say, he insists upon immortalizing his friends in a measure which 13 undoubtedly the most difficult of all. He calls this portion of the volume, 'Attempts at Sonnet Writing.' What sorb of attempts they are will be seen in the following : — ' TO HENRY HALLORAN. ' On reading a beautiful sonnet by him, en titled ' Coolie Labour.' ' Great God be thank'd that there arc men like thec, Who ever rise in sovereignty of mind, Lifting against, the oppressors of our kind, The voice of genius still most sovereignly (sic) When boldest waxeth their arch-villany, Who for the tyrant* s purpose have combined ! I thank Almighty God, ivho intertwined Strong hate of wrong with high mentality, For such as thou, true poet ! f'.J nothing can Enohance the strengthening joy which now so thrills me In knowing how thy heartbeats in this cause ; Though thy remembered kindness, Halloran ! Comes like a smile through the deep light ivhicli Jills me With happy thankfulness and pure applause (sic). . In is hard to conjecture under what combina tion of adverse circumstances tho ex-Premier gave birth to this poetic monster. I am willing to make overy allowanco, but I look in. vain for a foot-note at tributing its demerits to oarly gooseberries or indifferently cooked pumpkin pie. Let us 'thank Almighty God' that this profound explorer of tho bathos has at least the senso in his old age to hang his rusty lyre in tho lumber-room, and n t like tho subject of his sonnet, still let his ' JXalf.slrung harp whine mournful to the blast.' In dismissing for tho present Sir Henry and his poetry, I am willing to make tho admission that ' Murmurs of tho Stream' is a very pretty titlo and that fact makes mo grieve tho more that tho poems themselves are go strongly suggestive of the frog beneath tho culvert. How applicable to this twain of paralytic bard3 are Shakspeare's immortal lines : — ' I'd sooner be a kitten and cry moo, Than one of those same metre ballad mongers.' As a peculiar instanco of tho mutability of the mind of man, a littlo circumstanco which occurred in tho Legislative Assembly in the month of February last year must not bo forgotten. It must not be forgotten, because it proves, alas ! that even the poetic sympathy which united one of these ' true poets ' (vide sonnet) to the other was not proof against even tho feeblest shaft of ridicule. ? In the debate upon tho question of raising Mr. Halloran' s salary, Mr. Davies, in supporting tho motion, dilated very naturally upon Mi*. Halloran' s administrative ability, and naturally enough road a number of letters and testimonials which Mr. Halloran had received from time to time from tho various ministerial heads of his department ; among theso letters being ono from Sir Henry, which runs as follows :— ' Wenington, 19th Sep., 1358. ' My Dea.k Halloran, — I supposo this letter will meet you on your return to office. I hope the subject of it will not disturb your short and well-earned holiday, ' I write to thank you for the valuablo assist tance I have received from you at times during my tenure of office, for tho courteous demeanour and kindness of heart 1 have always mot with from you, and for the generous allowance yon : always made for the little injustices arising from j my fits of temper. I am anxious that you ' should not cherish any harsh remembrance of I my official intercourse, though I feel that I have j often been unkind and inconsiderate. j ' Wishing you length of days and all manner of happiness, ' I remain, my dear Halloran, ' Yours very faithfully, ' HENRY PARKES.' On the reading of this lotter there ensued a scone which considerably startled hon. members. Tho eulogiser rose, and after a few introductory sentencos of tho usual Parkesian description, pro tested against what ho was pleased to term tho extraordinary conduct of tho hon. membor in reading such letters, remarking ' ho should have very much less confidence in Mr. Halloran's discretion in future, since he had allowed this letter to obtain publicity. There were expressions : and language in it that he would not have used had he°known that the lotter would have been employed as it had boon.' Alas ! for tho fervour of poetic friendships Alas! for tho 'pure applause' (vide sonnet), with which tho fickle Henry onco professed to r bo filled ! Alas ! for tho ' sovereignty of mind' (vide sonnet), with which' hojjso lavishly credited that inspired. Under- Secretary — that happy pos sessor of tho ' voice of genius,' which was to . jB crush somebody when (vide sonnet) ' boldest S waxeth their arch- villainy.' H Next week I purposo noticing others of the 1 more prominent of our legislators, and shall, per- 1 haps, briefly advent to tho 'Evans Scandal,' I not forgetting an effort at tho immortalization . 1 of the hon. tho Minister for Landa. B B Beforo leaving tho House I glanced down afc I tho Speaker's gallery, and bohekl thoro tho im« 1 posing form of tho now immortal Mr. Thomas 1 White — that aspiring votary of St. Crispin. It 1 has been whispered to mo casually that this 1 gentleman has given up ropairing tho under* 1 standings of mankind, and intends to acquire E opulouce, politically. Whether ho succeed or ? § not, however, ho can] console himself with tho I reflection — I That though he be not rich in goods, ? ? Whatever may befall, g There always will rcmain\to1Mm * | His own ancestral awl. , I 