ACADEMY OF MUSIC. MR. CRESWICK AS HAMLET. Mr. Creswick played "Hamlet" last night at this theatre, and added another to the list of his successes in his Australian experience. His Hamlet bears the stamp of a high intelligence from first to last. Every part of it shows that it has been considered with the enthusiasm of a student, and the industry of an art worker. He has approached it with a determination to understand it and to make others understand it. There is no strain- ing after exceptional modes, new read \- bus, and impatient departures from re cog need interpretations, and yet there is no evidence of a slavishly traditional observance of rule which good judgment does not warrant. Mr. Creswick has thought for himself without being above availing himself of the aid which the common research has permitted him to accept. He has taken Hamlet as he has found him, not as a wayward wilfulness might have prompted him to depict him. He has formed his conception is the text has guided him. Especially he makes him a gentleman, and if Mr. Creswick's version of the character had had no other merit than this it would have been worthy of record. His Hamlet is an embodiment of refined courtesy. In his most eccentric moods he fastidiously avoid wounding the feelings of those with whom he is brought into contact. Even with the King be is not rude ; he is only severely determined. But this is only a subordinate merit He refreshes the ear with good Shaksperian English spoken with no national or provincial intonation, and scrupulously exact in respect of the obligations of accent and emphasis. He puts in his colours, his lights, his shadows, and his half tones with the skill of a complete master, and his acting is in harmony with all his utterances. Many of the situations which have usually a mechanically-arranged formality he causes to blend with all the rest easily and harmoniously, thus helping to make the whole performance much more uniform and unbroken. Several of the modifications introduced commend themselves on the score of their entire appropriateness. Thus, a good effect is produced by his following Laertes, when the cuts in the first act from the presence of the King, as if he would be glad to go with him and get away from the hateful presence of his uncle. In the first interview with the Ghost, as he pronounces the word "Father,'' Uta kings off his cap, and reverently bands upon his knee. When he follows the Ghost he does not, as is sometimes done, draw his sword and threaten Horatio and Marcellus with a backward sword pointing, but he waves his hand in a dignified manner, as if beseeching them that they would not visit him. When he goes' to" sea' He! 1231 view with the Ghost, he gives a particular effect to the line "Nay, come, let's go together," by inviting Marceline, who appears to be beBi leaders, to join them. He speaks the speech beginning "Now I am alone," sitting at a table, and be gets the best possible effect in the way of contrast by the sudden calmness of the "What an ass am I!" after the tempest of invective in which he had just indulged. These are in- stanced out of many examples in proof of the discerning intelligence with which Mr. Creswick gets particular meanings without indulging in eccentricities. In the third act he makes a surprising departure from the mode generally adopted in representing the scene which includes the soliloquy, the interview with Ophelia, and the play scene. Commonly they are all done in the same set, but Mr. Creswick more wisely divides them, so as to bring in the soliloquy and the " On to a nunnery" business in a "front" scene, and by this means the play scene can be much better sat, and the instructions to the players much more appropriately given. With excellent good taste, too, be restores the speech beginning with, " Now might I do it can, now be is playing," and the effect is singularly good by giving the King time really to try to pray, which he never seems to be able to do as the scene is generally managed. In the closet scene, Mr Creswick gives reality to thosituationof killing Folonins behind the arms by really thrusting his sword through a For some time this very telling point has been lost by only threating past a curtain which obviously had nothing at all. Mr. Creswick's secret, if secret he may be supposed to have, in playing this character is his genuine earnest- ness. He acts as if he felt every word he utters, and he thus keeps his audience completely in his power. His Hamlet, consequently, is a performance to be enjoyed, for it both pleases and teaches, and it is sure to be witnessed many times. Miss Ashton played Ophelia with an even refined smoothness, which, if it was not strikingly impressive, was, at any rate, not disappointing. The cast with the exception of the King, which was sustained respectably by a Mr. Harry Douglas in an Indian costume, was substantially the same as when Mr. Dillon played Hamlet. The scenery was in Home particulars carefully arranged, although it as a little startling to see a room in a black frame, and to see the moonlight on the side of figures opposite to that at which the moon is supposed to shine. 