DEAD EYES THAT BEAR WITNESS. There is a well-known story of the con viction of a murderer having been attained by the circumstance that a recognisable image or likeness was found impressed upon the victim's eye after death. The story has been variously told. One version places the occurrence in Lyons, France; another in England. It was probably invented about the time that daguerreotypes came into use, and was perhaps suggested by the fact that a small picture of whatever the eye is looking at is formed in the centre of the eye and is plainly visible to other eyes. As the story is told in one way, a daguerreotype was taken of the victim, and the image of the murderer was found in the eye by a painter who was making a picture of the murdered man, and had occasion to study the daguer reotype under higher magnifying power. Another version makes the image found that of a friend who bent over the victim when expiring; the friend is, of course, arrested as the murderer, and thus the plot gains variety. The notion that such an image in the eye could remain fixed after death must certainly have seemed plausible to romancers, or they would not have rung so many changes upon it. Perhaps, however, most readers have dismissed it from their minds as absurd. But the conceptions of fancy in one age often become the facts of discovery in another. Within a few weeks a patient German has announced and exhibited some startling experiments that bring the eye picture story fully within the limits of pos- sibility. Dr. W. Kuhne, professor of Phy- siology in the University of Heidelberg, has been carefully reviewing and extending a discovery of Dr. Boll, now of Rome. Dr. Boll had found that the external layer of the retina of the eye possesses in life a beautiful purple color. The color is per petually destroyed and renewed while the eye is doing work. Dr. Kuhne found that light was the agent by which the purple is destroyed; while the animal is alive the color is quickly restored by the secretive action of the neighboring tissues. The next discovery was that only certain' kinds of light have the power of discharging the color. If kept in other kinds of light, such, for instance, as is obtained by burning a mixture of soda and alcohol, the purple color remains unaltered, even after death. Finally, Dr. Kuhne found chemical reagents that would fix the color. Now came the crown- ing experiment. He fastened a rabbit so that one of its eyes was for three minutes exposed to the light from an open window shutter. Then he instantly decapitated the rabbit and put the eye in suitable pickle. Two minutes after the decapitation the other eye was similarly exposed to light, and it too was afterwards pickled. The next morning both eyes showed a sharply defined image of the square of light, surrounded by a deep rose-tint. The image in the second eye was somewhat the sharper and whiter of the two. Professor Bunsen was present and witnessed this marvellous experiment Obviously under more delicate treatment the eye could be made to tell the story of fainter impressions. The eyes of human victims may yet bear testimony in courts of law when murderers are on trial. In the case we have described, however, we have no doubt that Professors Kuhne and Bunsen dined on the decapitated rabbit, and that it agreed with them. We are only on the threshold of a similar class of discoveries. Window glass, for instance, that has had letters fastened upon it and has been exposed to light for several years, is found to have undergone some structural change, so that no cleaning will wholly efface the evidence that the letters were once attached. No matter how thorouhly the glass may be wiped and polished, a breath upon it brings back the shadowy outlines, the ghosts of the letters again. Similar results have followed where nothing but a shadow had rested upon the pane. It is found that sunlight changes the color of glass, just as it alters the sensitive plate in the photographer's camera. A little more of such progress may enable us to compel the walls of old buildings to picture forth the scenes that were last enacted within them, the opened tomb of a Greek hero may bear witness to the last procession within its walls before it was closed from the light. How the detective of the future will revel in such evidence! Armed with a pocket telephone he may find means of con- veying a fatal whisper of a conversation miles away from the speakers. The mirrors, the lacquered furniture may picture the occurrences. Last of all, the ghastly head of a lapdog may be brought into court, and its pickled eyes, under the microscope, may yield such images as will convince a Jury that a divorce is justified. Think of what a blood-curdling romance Edgar Allan Poe could have written if he had been pro- vided with such materials! - N. Y. Tribune. 