Sydney Lelilí*. Sí <FROM otra comceavtyvKST.) - K v Sydney, 27th August 1877 \^1E stormy debates on the JLanü ism ano ¡Jil important question as to whether miles square meant twenty-five or not 1 been the means of causing the resignation Sir Henry Parkes and the formation of a -vernment under Sir J olin Robertson, public are begining to feel tired and disgu ?with the hinderanco to the business of colony that the jealousy and perpetual sti gie for power of the rival knights cause. E the Sydney press is beginiug to arouse if and try to awaken in tho colonists a desir bestir themselves to meet the coming struj when Parliament shall bo dissolved and to deavour to elect members who shall by tl conduct do honour to their choice, and disgrace the constituencies they represen! The Lusitania has arrived in this port has made the marvellously quick passage fi Plymouth to Port ^Phillip of forty days hours ; this includes her detention of one c nine hours, at St. Vincent, and ten he difference of time, reduces the actual timi her steaming to thirty-eight days twenty hours. She expended forty seven tons of c per twenty-four hours ; she is 3825 tons, Í is considerad to be the most beautiful andi arranged steamer that has over entered waters o£ Port Jackson. She is barque rig¡ and therefore! should .anything occur to m¡ her machinery useless she could sail. She 550 horse power ; the principal saloon is tercel from the spar deck by a large cc panion way ; a hundred 'feet in length ri ning right afb to tho transom. Tho wc work is polished maple picked out with gc in the upper panels are landscapes beautifu painted on glass. Enclosed cabins aro each side of the saloon. It is said that 8 persons can bo accomodated on board tl magnificent vessel. Tho main saloon is pable of holding comfortably 130 passenge There are also bath moms and every requisi health, and comfort on board. On Monday the 14th an Industrial and A exhibition wos held by the William-strc Sunday School ; the chief exhibitors bei: scholars .and teachers. The collection works cir art and taste that were opened tho inspection of the public were most crod able to tho youthful exhibitors and the frinn who had so kindly assisted thom. A nov part of the exhibition was that in tho evonii a newspaper was published in the town which tlie exhibitors wrote the leaders, poetr and reports. Tho exhibition consisted of n . tides of varied excellence. Some of- the exceedingly beautiful, and othors reniarkab as curiosities. Among the latter are son articles of furniture made by a man who hr lost the uso of his legs. : These articles ho hi ornamented with common cotton bobbins, i such a manner that they might easily be mi taken for skilled! workmanship in wood ca ving. Corals, wax flowers, ferns, and beantifi specimens of pillow lace were much admire Jbv .tho visitors, but perhaps the most attra r**' of all thc articles exhibited wore thos .uced hythe skill and taste of tho youn s lars themselves. : Should any of your readers have cause t ^De dissatisfied with tho shape of their nose: they will perhaps be glad to learn that the can rectify defects in this prominent featur as a machine has now been invented to effec this purpose and is advertised in tho ' Sydne Morning Herald ' us a " Nose Machine " contrivance .which applied to the nose for on hour daily so directs tho soft cartilage o which tlie member consists that an ill-formei nose is quickly shaped to perfection. Thi invaluable article to those who are anxious t< improve their boan ty, cnn be procured for th« reasonable sum of ton shillings. Thus a younj lady whoso lovlincss is marred by a noso toi 'retrousse/ will bo able by the use of thi mochino to change tho form of that orgai into that of an ncquline or Grecian as tasti may dictate, "We hope that tho experienc« of those who may be tempted to try this ma chino will not be like that of tho young lady thar, Miss Bremor, the Swedish [authoresi discribed as having tried to improve the shape of her nose prior to her appearing at her firsl hall, by trying a weight over tho bridgo, thc prominence of which she concluded destroyed her beauty, but hor efforts unhappily instead of lessoning tho defect cause tho feattire to swell and become inflamed to a frightful de gree which made her nose moro conspicuous than ever. A singular ease of robbery has just been in vestigated at the police court which has ended in the committal of the prisoner for trial. A die sinker, an Italian, accidently made the ac quaintance of a countryman, who meeting him shortly afterwards in the street, told him that he had just arrived from Goulburn and that there an uncle of his, a priest, had died, leav ing him a largo sum of money, at tho same time ho told tho die-sinker that this uncle had appoarod to him and requested him to take part of it . to priests in Sydney, to pray there for masses for tho repose of his soul, as he was sufl'oring tho.torments of purgatory, and that as he was n stranger ho wanted a respec table person to go with him to tho priests. ? The die-sinker moved with compassion for the poor ghost offered himself us a reference, and. to provo bia respectability said that he had a deposit of £800 in tho Öiiontial Bank. Of the truth of this Hatemal, the dutiful nephew would not bo satisfied till the man drow the sum out of the bank. A box was purchased; i.-and the money placed in it which the prisoner . : abd some female accomplices locked. The . ^.prosecutor;returned ,to the. bank thinking ho had left £200 there. On his roturn he found . ,that Iiis friends bad disappeared and on open > .lng the cash-box found that all tho money . was gone. In place of the notos > wns put a ^bagof paper with a £\ note on tho top, and .^instead of tho gold, > rolled up lead in paper, ?having thc appoaranco of, sovereigns. Tho Mcphee > hoing communicated with the prisoners I(,-veio apprehended and tho stolen > property re covered. . > . '".. :, ? * :; 