RELIGIOUS AFD PHILANTHROPIC. Bible Chkistiax Cojtferekce. The ministers and representatives composing the first Bible Christian Conference assembled in Young-street Church on Wednesday, at 2 p.m. This being the first ConfprPTic« of the Bible Christian Church in this colony, considerable interest was manifested in the formation and proceedings of the said meeting. There was a time when the highest Court of the Church in the colony was a quarterly meeting. After somo time a district was formed, and an annual district meeting held. The need of selfgovern ment has been felt for some time, and the English Conference was asked to form the Churches in the colony into a separate and inde pendent Conference. This being duly granted, the colony was divided into four districts, and the respective meetings held preparatory to Conference.. On the previous day tiie General Connexional, Trust Debts, and Stationing Committees met to prepare business for the full Conference. The meeting was opened by the Rev. T. Piper giving out a hymn and the Rev. T. Hillman engaging in prayer. The Conference was then formed, the following ministers and representa tives sent by their respective District Meetings answering to their names : — Eevs. T. Piper (General Superintendent), J. Way, J. Roberts, T. Allen, J. Ridclift, T. Hillman, J. Trewin, J. Foster, W. Richards, J. Rock, J. Stoyel, R. Lang, O. Lake, R. Kelly T. McNeil, W. W. Finch, J. Raymont, and J. Dingle. Messrs. E. Gould, W. StiUweU, W. Lewis, J. Roberts, W. Polkinghorne, W. Ridgway, W. Taylor, J. C. Burton, J. Cooper, F. A. Haynes, and Dr. Campbell. A few of the members appointed had not arrived. The meeting then proceeded to the election of President. The Rev. T. Piper being the only nomination was most heartily and unanimously elected. The Eev. T. Hillman was then elected Secre tary, Revs. J. Stoyel and W. Richards Journal and Duplicate Secretaries, Rev. R. Kelly Cor responding Secretary, and Revs. T. McNeil and J. llaymont Reporters to the Press. The hours for meeting were then fixed at lialf-past 9 a.m. to 12 o'clock, and from 2 p.m. to 5 o'clock. In the evening the Rev. Thomas Hillman preached the Conference sermon, taking as his text Acts xi. 24. The sermon, which was a clear practical discourse, lasted about 40 minutes. At the close of the sermon the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was admi nistered to the members of Conference and others connected with the Church who remained by invitation of the President. Second Day: Thcbsdat, March 1. The Rev. J. Rowe, from the Victorian District, was introduced to the meeting, and a most hearty reception accorded him. He read letter of friendly greeting from the Victorian District Meeting to the Conference, and also presented a copy of the minutes of the Victorian District Meeting. The Rev. J. Orchard, of Ballarat, also a visitor from the sister colony, was introduced, and heartily welcomed. A considerable amount of time was spent in considering the constitution of the Conference, as adopted by the English Conference, it having been altered in some important particulars from that adopted by the District Meeting of 1877. Several alterations were approved by the meeting, and the English Conference was asked to confirm them. The Rev. J. Rowk having expressed a desire to be transferred from the Victorian District to this Conference, a resolution was passed that he be cordially received on the conditions kid down by the English Conference. The Rev. J. A. Burns having completed his four years' probation came up for his final examination, and the following resolution was mest unanimously passed: — ' That having heard the certificate read from the Rivertou Quarterly Meeting, the resolution of the Kooringa District Meeting, and the report of the College Com mittee, and having witnessed his commendable bearing during the years of his probation, we have the greatest pleasure in receiving Brother J. A. Burns into full connection ; and we trust he will realize the promise of the past by showing himself a workman that ueedeth not to be ashamed — a good minister of Jesus Christ.' In the evening a deeply interesting service was held in connection with the ordination of the Rev. J. A. Burns. The attendance was larger than usual. Third Day: Friday, March 2. The Conference reassembled at 9.30. The greater part of the day was taken up in the consideration of the reports on the proba tioners. Much was said ou the importance of sending them to college a year or two of their probation, and also of the imperative necessity of increased diligence in the cultivation of their ruinds in the circuits where their lot may be cast, and i. ? ing this, it was considered that they should disci,, ^.-ue their pursuits. The Confe rence was iiLvided in its opinion that young men on probation must devote more time to study. The Connexional Committee, at the request of the College Committee, appointed two of their number (Rev. T. Piper and Dr. Campbell) to confer with two members of the Council of Union College (Rev. S. Mead and J. Jefferis), with a view to the T-ible Christians becoming associated with the O.-iege. The following re port of this Committee was presented to the Conference : — ' Pursuant to resolution 6th of the Committee meeting, October 20, 1876, we have conferred with the Revs. S. Mead and J. Jefferis, and we believe there is nothing whatever to prevent our association with the Union College, and that the College will be of great service in training young men for our ministry.' Fourth Day : Saturday, March 3. The Conference reassembled at 9.30. The Conference expressed its satisfaction with the steps taken by the Committee to obtain information on Union College, and resolved that the report be received. After some discussion, the following resolu tion was adopted : — ' That we make application to be admitted into association with the Union College of South Australia.' It was found that there was only one candi date for the ministry coming forward in the usual way. Mr. G. H. Payeoter, who has been labouring as a hired local preacher part of the year, having been recommended by his quarterly meeting, and passed a satisfactory examination before the College Committee, he was received on probation for the ministry. Two or three others were spoken of who had not received recommendations from their quarterly meetings as likely to be very useful to the Church if they could be employed as hired local preachers, with a view to their entering the ministry. The Conference resolved that Mr. F. Bullock and Mr J. Pearce be employed as hired local preachers in the coming year, should their services be required. Fifi-h Day, Moxdat. March 5. The General Chapel Secretary read his report, and after some discussion it was adopted. The report showed that there were 92 chapels, pro viding sitting accommodation for nearly 14,000 persons ; there were 16 ministers' residences, and 15 school rooms. The total income for the year was £5,143. Nearly £2,000 had been paid off the aggregate debt during tiie year, and a large amount had been spent in improvements. Alto gether the report was of a most cheering and satisfactory character. The deputation from the sister Churches waited on the Conference at 11 o'clock. The Secretary met the rev. gentlemen at the door, and conducted them to the platform, where they wer« heartily received by the President. The deputation consisted of the Rev. S. Knight (President of theWesleyan Conference), Mr. Scott, the Rev. J. H. Angus (Presbyterian), and the Rev. L. G. Carter (Baptist). The Editor and Book Steward (Rev. T. Piper) brought ferward his report of the magazine and book concern. It showed that the circulation of the magazine had largely increased, and that the book-room was in a most satisfactory con dition. There was also a considerable profit in each department. The following resolution respecting a Con nexional solicitor was adopted — 'That on his being admitted a practitioner of the Supreme Court we have great pleasure in appointing Mr. Joseph Ash ton our Connexional solicitor, and that the Connexional deeds be deposited with him.' The Rev. T. Piper introduced the question of making provision for probationers attending Union College, and a sufficient sum to meet the requirements was voted by the Conference. Sixth Day: Wednesday, March 7. On the reassembling of Conference the Secre tary read a list of stations, and the Stationing Committee soon after sat to hear appeals. A long discussion took place on the advisability of accepting the offer of a minister of conside rable experience and high standing in England to come to this colony. It was ultimately decided that he be sent for. The Rev. T. Piper was heartily congratulated on the success he had achieved in the editorial and book-room departments, and was most nnanimously reappointed Editor and Book Steward. The Treasurer and Secretary of the Preachers' Fund brought forward their report. The fund was found to be in a progressive state, and the thanks of the meeting were given to the Rev. T. Piper (Treasurer) and the Rev. T. Hillman (Secretary). The Conference sat to hear an address to the Churches of South Australia, prepared by the Rev. T. Piper, and another to the English Con ference by the Rev. J. Way, and a third to the Canadian, Conference by the Rev. J. StoyeL Each address was heartily adopted. The Trust Debts Relief Fund had met, and Dr. Campbell (the Treasurer) presented the report. It was shown that upwards of £350 was in the fund, £300 of which had been loaned on chapels; and it was hoped that through the augmentation of the fund other requests would soon be met; . .The '.Conference adopted the report, and thanked ? the Treasurer for his BervicesV; ,? ?',- ' . ..-- .''?'?? Some, time was spent, over - the second and third reading of the stations, and they were finally confirmed in the following order. Adelaide District. — Adelaide, T. Piper, President of the Conference (Editor and Book Steward), J. Thome and J. Way superannuated ; Bowmen, W. Richards, T. Allen, J. Ridclift, J. Roberts ; Clarendon and Willunga, J. Raymont ; Yankalilla, H. Mason ; Port Elliot, J. Stoyel ; Mount Lofty, R. Lang ; Millicent, C. Tresise ; Mitcham, J. Pearce. Chairman of the District, T. Piper. Chapel Secretary, W. Richards. ? Burra District. — Burra and Yarcowie, T. McNeil ; Kapunda, J. Rock ; Gawler, J. Foster, G. H. Paynter; Auburn, T. Hillman (Secretary of Conference); Mount Torrens, R. Kelly Riverfon, J. A. Burns. Chairman of the Dis trict, T. Hillman. Chapel Secretary, T. McNeil. ? Kadina District. — Kadina, J. Trewin ; Moouta, O. Lake, J. Rowe; Port Wakefield, R. C. Yeo man. Chairman of the District, J. Trewiu. Chapel Secretary, R. C. Yeoman. ; Port Augusta District.— Port Augusta, W. W. Pinch; Gladstone, J. May; Crystal Brook, J. Dingle ; Beautifid Valley, W. H. Halford. Chairman of the District, W. W. Finch. Chapel Secretary, J. Dingle. Skvekth Day: Wednesday, March 7. The Conference reassembled at 9.30. The following were appointed the General Committee for the year.-— The President and Secretary, W. Richards, R. Lang, J. Thorne, J. Foster, Dr. Campbell, and E. Gould. , The following were elected the College Council for the year: — The President, R. Lang, J. Thome, Dr. Campbell, Mr. J. Hosking, and J. G.Ashton. The College Committee.— The President, W. Richards, R. Long, J. Thorne (Secretary), Dr. Campbell, and His Honor the Chief Justice (Treasurer.) Stationing Committee. — The President and Secretary, Chairmen of Districts, J. Stoyel, W. Richards, O. Lake, and T. McNeil. Trust Debts Relief Fund Committee.— The President (J. Way), J. C. Sigmont, J. Cooper, J. Roberts, W. Lewis, S. P. Axford, Dr. Camp bell (Treasurer), and W. Richards (Secretary). The resolutions of the various District Meetings having been read, a short but interesting discussion ensued, and the following resolution was passed: — ''That in reviewing the spiritual state of our various districts we see much to inspire our hearts with gratitude to the Fountain of all Good The success realized has not been great, but sufficient to encourage us still to devote our selves to our great life- work. Our most pressing need is a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost and we desire to live and labour for still greater prosperity.' The following are the statistics of the Con nexion : — Ministers, 25 ; local preachers, 125 ; members, 1,825 ; on trial, 42. Total, 1,867 ; net increase, 23. Sabbath- schools, 68; Sabbath school teachers, 661 ; scholars, 4,013. A considerable amount of time was taken up with making the missionary grants to the various circuits needing them. It was resolved that the District Meetings be held the first Tuesday in February, 1878. It was resolved that the next Conference be held in Adelaide in February, 1878. The Conference tendered its most hearty thanks to the friends in Adelaide who have so kindly entertained the members of Conference to the Secretaries and reporters for their valu able services during the sittings of Conference, and to the President for the able manner in which he has conducted the business of the Conference. The journal having been signed, the President closed the Conference with prayer at 10.30 p.m. The Missionary Society. The anniversary of the Missionary Society iu con nection with this denomination was held at the Young-street Church on Monday, March 5. In the afternoon there was a pnblic tea, provided by the ladies of the congregation, which was very well attended ; and in the evening a public meeting was held in the church. The meeting, which had a double object — viz., the anniversary of the Missionary Society and the first of the Bible Christian Conference in South Australia — was very largely attended. The chair was occupied by Dr. Campbell. On the platform were tbe Revs. Mr. Piper (the President of the Conference), Messrs. Rowe and Orchard (from Victoria), and [the Revs. Mr. Stoyel, Finch, Lake, and Hillmann. On the meeting being opened in the usual way with prayer and praise, Dr. Campbell delivered a short address and presented the report. The total receipts for the year were £553 13s. 3d., and expenditure £449 5s. 9d., leaving a balance of £iO4 7s. 6d. to be deducted from the debt on the Society of £14200. The subscriptions from Sunday services amounted to £12 2s. ; the tea, £S 13s. 9d. ; and the collection at the end of the meeting £5 19s. The Rev. Mr. Stoyel proposed that the report — an abstract of which was read — should be published, and the Rev. Mr. Finch seconded. After some other formal resolutions liad been passed, the doxology was sung, and the meeting was dismissed by Mr. Piper offering a prayer. Gawler Baptist Church. The anniversary services in connection with the Baptist Church, Gawler, were held on Sunday, February 25, and the two following days. Notwithstanding the heat of the weather, the several meetings were largely attended by the members and friends of the Church, and were very successful. Two sermons were preached on Sunday by the Rev. L. G. Carter, of North Adelaide. On Monday evening Mr. J. L. Parsons deli- vered his interesting lecture on ' Quaint things about quaint Preachers.'' The Rev. James Gordon occupied the chair. On Tuesday, February 27, over 200 friends took tea in the large hall of the Institute. The public meeting which followed was held in the church, and the building was crowded, Mr. G. S. Fowler, of Adelaide, presiding. The pro- ceedings were commenced by singing a hymn, after which prayer was offered by the Rev. W. Clair, of Angaston. The Chairman expressed the pleasure it gave him to visit Gawler and to preside at such a meeting. He had not been in Gawler for the past 11 years, and the building in which they were assembled was new to him. On previous occasions when asked to come amongst them business engagements had prevented him. He then called on the pastor of the Church to read the report. The Rev. S. Fairey read the report, from which it appeared that the present one was the seventh annual report that he had had the privilege of reading, his labours in connection with the Gawler Church having extended over six and a half years, and the relationship be- tween the pastor and people having all through that time been most affectionately and cordially sustained. Money sufficient for the needs of the Church had come to hand, backsliders had been restored, eight persons had joined the Church through the year, five whose membership with other and distant Churches had lapsed (in some instances for many years) had been restored, twelve others had been received by letter or on the report of visitors from other Churches mainly Baptist, and nine persons had been immersed by the pastor. The total number of additions was 25. On the other side nine had been transferred by letter to other Churches, six names had been erased from the roll for non-attendance (some by reason of removal to other parts), and two persons had been excluded by the discipline of the Church. The clear gain in membership was eight, and the number of names now on the Church roll was 169. The total number of members who had been added to the Church during the last six years was 198. The financial statement of the Treasurer for the year ending December 31, 1876, was as follows :— Money received for all purposes (Sunday school excepted), £425 18s. 7d. ; £100 of this sum had been paid on account of the purchase of the Manse, £18 to the Japanese Mission, £8 15s. to the South Australian Baptist Associa- tion, and £298 had been absorbed in the current expenses of the Church. Ad- dresses were afterwards delivered by the Revs. S. Mead, M. M. Whitton, W. Clair, J. Y. Simpson, and the Chairman. The Rev. H. J. Pope sent an apology for unavoidable absence. The usual votes of thanks having been passed, the meeting closed with the doxology. The collections and proceeds from the public tea, in- cluding £5 from the Chairman, realized £36 13s. — a satisfactory sum when it is remembered that the larger part of the congregation are pre- paring liberally for the bazaar in aid of the manse debt, which is to come off in April next. Hindmarsh Christian Church.— This neat little structure, the foundation-stone of which was laid in June, 1876, in what is known as Lindsay Circus, Hindmarsh, being now com- pleted, was opened for public worship on Sun- day, February 25, special services having been held on that occasion. On Monday evening tea and public meetings, which were largely attended, took place. At the business gathering before mentioned the church was crowded. Mr. Joseph Mellor presided. Mr. T. Lees, pastor of the church, in a brief address stated that the original estimate of the cost of the new building was £785, but sundry expenses had increased the cost to about £998 10s., or nearer a thousand pounds, towards the pay- ment of which £804 had been raised, leaving a debt of something like £200 to be cleared off. It was intended to raise that sum as speedily as possible, so that the Church might be free of debt, and he had no doubt that ere long he would be able to make the pleasing report that the building was free of encumbrance. Speeches upon subjects interesting to the members of the Church were delivered by several speakers, and the intervals were filled up with selections of sacred music by the choir. A collection, which realized a fair sum towards liquidating the debt on the church, was made, and the proceedings ended with devotional exercises. The church is comfortable and commodious, being well venti- lated and fitted to accommodate a good-sized congregation. Children's Hospital. — A meeting of the Committee of the Children's Hospital was held on Tuesday afternoon, March 6, at the rooms of Union College, Currie-street. There was a large attendance. His Honor the Acting Governor being in the chair. Mr. E. B. Grundy, who has removed to the South-East, sent in his resignation as Hon. Secretary, and that of Mrs. Grundy as a member of the Ladies' Committee. The Chairman spoke in warm terms of the work that the Secretary had done, and the skilled assistance which he had given the Committee in drawing up the by-laws. Dr. Curtis moved that Mr. Grundy's letter be received, and the thanks of the Committee tendered to him for his valuable services. Mr. S. Tomkinson seconded the motion, considering the remarks of the Acting-Governor well deserved. The motion was carried. Mr. E. Paris Nesbit, of the firm of Nesbit & Nicholson, was appointed Honorary Secretary. The Honorary Treasurer (Mr. J. L. Parsons) apologized for absence, and sent in a statement of accounts. Subscription lists were also handed in. From these and the accounts it appeared that the balance, in the Bank at last meeting was £346 11s. 6d., and that £350 11s. 6d. had been collected or received as donations, proceeds of entertainments, &c;, while £1,040 10s. had been promised. Mr. Parsons asked that, as he would be frequently absent from town, a co-Treasurer should be ap- pointed. The Committee appointed Mr. David Murray to act in that capacity. Mr. S. Tomkin- son asked that there should be a clear under- standing as to how the money collected was to be described — whether it had been given towards the building fund or as subscriptions. The Chairman said the amounts intended as annual subscriptions would have to be devoted to the payment of current expenses. Amongst the donations the receipt was reported of £1,050 in aid of the 'Rose' wing or ward of the Hospital intended to be built in memory of the late Mrs. J. L. Parsons. A letter to Mrs. J. Colton, from Mr. Anthony Forster in England, enclosed a donation, and expressed considerable interest in the institution. The Building Com- mittee reported that a site had been offered them at North Adelaide, and that they believed another might be procurable at Hackney. The name of Mr. Salom was added to the Com- mittee, and the matter of selection left to them with power to act. The meeting then ad- journed. Prince Alfred Sailors' Home.— The Com mittee of Management met on Friday, March 2, when six members were present, and Mr. D. Bower, M.P., occupied the chair. It was decided to take advantage by anticipation of the timely intimation from the Hon. the Treasurer that £600 would be included in the next Estimate* H8 a subsidy of pound for pound. When this has been granted on fulfilment of the conditions the Government assistance to the Home will only reach 9s. 6d. to the 20s. of public contribu tions. Several routine matters received atteu tion, and the receipt was reported of £10 10a., being the annual subscription of tho Bank of South Australia. The yard and approaches have recently beeu raised and protected at an outlay of £34. Glkxklg Cungrkoatio.val Ciirmcir. — The anniversary services in connection with this Church were held on Sunday, March 18, wheu the llev. C. Manthorpe preached both morn ing and evening to moderate attendances. On tht» following Tuesday evening tiie usual tea and public meetings were held in the church. At the former there was only a small attendance, wliich, however, waa greatly improved at tho batter. The chair was occupied by the Rev. O. Manthorpe, anil on the platform were the Rcvh. W. R. Fletcher, F. W. Cox, J. Henderson, J. Nicholson, and T. Hope. The proceeding* were opened by the congregation joining in a hymn, alter which the Chairman made some, remarlui ou matters that had affected the interest of the Church during the past year. He said tliat the Sunday services liad continued tolerably good, but had been more encouraging iu the morning than the evening. The Church fellowship liiwl increased considerably lately, and now num bered over 100 members. The number of deacons, too, liad been increased. Iu regard to finance, they had discontinued the usual Sabbath collections, substituting a HyHtem of voluntary contributions instead, and no far the alteration had been found Hticcessful. It was his intention to re-establish Bible clanfKW in connection with the Church shortly, and it was hoped tliat the Literary Association would aLso be resuscitated. The Church were endea vouring to iustitute a Young Christians' Union, which he trusted would prove a success, and the means of bringing the young people to sal ratioa through Jesus Christ. He expressed bin regret at the departure of Mr. Jefferis from the colony, but Providence liad called him away to another sphere of labour, and they were compelled to bid him adieu. Death had been very busy amongst them during the year and taken Beveral well- known faces away; and that fact should call upon all present to renew their zeal and earnestness in the service of the Master, for ' the night cometh when no man can work.' Mr. James Counsell, on behalf of the Treasurer, Mr. J. Kirkpatrick, who was presiding at tho organ, then read the financial statement for tbe year ending February 8 last. It stated tliat the receipts during that period had beeu £869 7b. lid. and the payments £664 18n. Id., thtut leaving a credit balance of £204 9s. 10J. For the preceding year tho receipts were £822 10a. 3d. and payments £1,205 13s., the debit balance amounting to £383 2fl. 9d. There was therefore a deficiency on account current of £224 5«. 2d. ; and the total liabilities on the Church and Manse were £1,400. Mr. Frederick Caterer, tbe Superintendent of the Sunday-School, gave a brief account of what had been done since the previous anniversary. He said the school wan established in 1862, and the number of scholars was 30; whereas now there were 230 scholars oa the books, with an average attendance of 180 to 190, and there were 17 teachers. Address©* were then delivered by the Revs. F. W. Cox, FUtcher, Hope, Henderson, Nicholson, and tho Hon. H. A. Tarlton, M.L.C., after which a col lection was made, and the meeting closed. North Adklaidb Juvknilb Auxiliart tu- thk London Missionary Socikty.— The annual sale, of useful and ornamental article* in connec tion with thi« Society opened at the schoolrooms bfEcuth the Brougham-place Congregational Church on Thursday, March 8. ^ These sales, which are really bazaars in miniature, are becoming very popular of late, and are produc tive of sterling results. Those in connection with the Brougham-place Church have always beeu noted for their excellence, and that now being conducted is no exception to tbe general rule. Iu the room were four stalls of the tuoal bazaar type; a flower-stall, on which were dis played a number of tasteful hand and button hole bouquets ; and a long table with an array of goods likely to attract the notice of the gentle men. Many of the articles exhibited were the work of members of the Society. There were & goodly number of visitors. The sale was con tinued for two days. ?*- 