MUSIC AND DRAMA. Tins new play at the Victoria this week has been «' All for Gold; or, Fifty Millions of Money,' a drama founded or Eugene Sue's ' Wandering Jew.' It has attrocto!r-fcitt- houses evcrj' evening, as is now, during Mr. Dwu pier's engagement, the rule without an exception. The plot of the drama is thus given : — In the year 1632 a ? French Protestant family, foreseeing the speedy revocation of the edict of Nantes, went into voluntary exile in order (* avoid the rigorous decrees already issued against the mem bers of the ref ormed church. On the 28th day of February, 1C82, the head of this house, a certain Marius De Renni pont, made a will, leaving the sum of 50,000 crowns to ue placed at interest, saia interest to ac cumulate for the benefit of his heirs until the 28th day of February, 1832. At ten o'clock precisely on that day the will was to be read and the fortune divided amongst his descendants, should they present them selves on that day and hour. As one of the proofs of identity, all the members of this family were to possess a bronze medal bearing the following inscription: ' VicUin of L. C. D. J. pray for me, Paris, February 28th, 1862. In a century and a half you will be in Paris, Rue St. Francois. February, 1832. Pray for me.' Some members of tbi- family sought refuge in Holland and afterwards in th» Dutch colonies, others in Poland, others in Germany, soma iu England, Rome, and America. In 1832 only tbrao descendants of the Renniponts remained, Maria and Rose Simon, minors (Mr. Dampier's little daughters Lily and Rose), daughters of General Simon (Mr. Seagrave) who married at Warsaw a descendant of the said family, Gabriel Rennipont, a priest of Missions Foreign, a distant relation of Marie and Roso (Mrs. Fulford), but ignorant of the existence of his relatives and the relationship. In 1832 the original sum, by accumu lation of interest and compound interest, became almost a royal fortune. A secret society obtaining a clue to this vast wealth, determined that it should enrich their treasury ; and inducing Gabriel to join their order, obtained from him a deed of gift of all that might accrue to him from hi* lationship to the Rennipont family. This once in thoir 1 mds, the order, by the instrumentality of one Rodin, set, 11 the power of their society (a power so vast that had more than once shaken Europe to the centre) prevent the appearance in Paris of the littla liildrcn Marie and Rose Simon, on the day imed in the will of their ancestor Marius Da Pennipont. Intrigue and intrigue, plot after plot, is defeated by the honesty of purpose and indomitabla courage of a veteran soldier named Dagobert, to whose care the orphans had been entrusted by their father, General Simon, a Marshal of France. The action of the play commences in the beginning of 1832, when Dagobert, in charge of the two little girls, is on his way to Paris. Morok, the lion tamer (Mr. Bartlett) is the person employed by Rodin (Mr. B. N. Jones) t» prevent Dagobert from reaching his destination, and Tho Thug (Mr. Alexander) is one of the instruments Morok uses for the purpose. But it is no part of the lion-fcamer'a design to jiennit Rodin to obtain the money. One- half in promised tor bis assistance, but he intends to seize upon the whole, so that there is plot within plot. It would take to» long to detail the various hardships and difficult ie* -jf Dagobert and her little charges on their journey. Suffice it to say that they enjoy their own at last, and that Dagobert kills Morbk. The dr.ima was placed on the stage with great care. The scenery wa.s very good, and the acting remarkably even. Iu the fine part of the veteran Dagobert, which combines the qualities of Marcel in ' Les'Huguenot«' and Sulpice in ' La Filledu Regiment,' and has some finer points than either, Mr. Dampier had one of those characters in which he evidently delights and whicli he depicts so cleverly. The way in which he bears all taunts against himself, his devotion to the children aud'the tender care he shows for their safety, the utter abnegation of self throughout, all were reudeml in a most touching manner, of which it is impossible to speak too highly, and which can only be fully appre ciated by those who remember how keen the sense of honour was among the soldiers of the Empire. A weird-like air is thrown over the drama by the occasional appearance of the Wandering Jew (Mr. Booth) himself, who watches over the children so far as his restless destiuy will permit him. This, however, as it seems to us is an unneces sary introduction, and the plot might well be worked out without the legendary being. Without particularising tho other characters it is due, especially, to Mr. Bartlett, and Mr. B. N. Jones, to mention their very effective representa tion of the parts of Morok and Rod'n. They both showed power without extravagance and careful acting without effort. At the Theatre Royal, an old melodrama, one of the 'thrilling' kind, was reproduced on Saturday and Mon day. It has a good old-fashioned double-barrelled title, ' The Angel of Midnight ; or, Twelve o'clock ;' the 'Spirit of Death and the Legend of Terror.' It is long since we have been treated to such a thorough dose of the supernatural. Modern sensation dramas give us ' situa tions' of a sufficiently exciting nature— drownings. fires, railway accidents, and so forth ; but ghosts have had their day, and have passed into limbo. Wlat induced the man agement of the Royal to revive this particular rubbish, unless it were sheer bravado, no one professes to know ; but certainly the production of this class of play is by no means calculated to raise the theatre in the estimation of playgoers, while it is, as it seems to us, unfair to actons and artists. Matters went somewhat better on Tuesday night, when tho weathcrbeaten old 'East Lynne' made its appearance, Mrs. Bates taking the parts of Lady Isabel and Madame Vine, and Mr. G. D. Chaplin that of Sir Francis Levison. On Wednesday the long promised ' Hamlet ' was given, Mr. Bates as the Prince, and Mrs. Bates as Ophelia. This of course challenges comparison with the Hamlet of Mi1. Dampier ; but it is a challenge hardly worth accepting. Mr. Bates's appearance will satisfy Mr. D. Buchanan (who has agitated the subject of Hamlet's hair in the Herald) in that he wears a short black wig very much over his forehead, and this, together witii a large black moustache, gives him somewhat the appearance of a philosophical bandit. With Mr. Bates s reading of the part there was not much fault to find. It was clear and accurate, the orthodox emphasis was given, and there was abundance of -action without ranting. But the character was colourless ; there was no soul, it was the conventional Hamletr— nothing more. Under these circumstances, we say a comparison between Mr. Dampier and Mr. Bates would be out of place, and would, besides, be unfair to the latter, who, in the general range of his proper characters, is a very capital actor. Mrs. Batsu appeared as Ophelia — another mistake, as Miss Mary Young would certainly have looked the part better, and she has already played it here remarkably well. However, Mrs. Bates sings the music, and perhaps sings it better than Miss Young would do. On Thursday night ' Macbeth ' was performed with Locke's music ; Mr. Bates as the Kiugt and Mrs. Bates as Lady Macbeth. At the Queen's Thea'tre the variety entertainments con tinue, and attract their share of the pubh'c at million prices. Dr. Silvester concludes this week his season at the School of Arts. He has had a fail- amount of public support Jem Mace, the ex-pugilist, has appeared in the entertain ments, giving some representations of ancient statuary^ for which he is dressed as a statue — that is in white tights well chalked, and under a linie light. If in this way he simply gave the poses, well and good ; but he made a mistake in going through a preliminary dumb show leading to those poses. This, however it might answer if he dressed and acted it in character, was wholly out of place and incongruous as representing a marble statue— not one of which, with the exception perhaps of U Commendatore in ' Don Giovanni,' is gifted with the power of action. On Wednesday night Mr. Mace was to have appeared again for Dr. Silvester's benefit ; but, having received a telegram from New York engaging- him for certain performances, he was unable to do more than make bis bow and exhibit the champion's belt. On Monday night Mr. Levy took bis benefit, and tlie audience, as usual at these concerts, was very large. The programme was well selected, and comprised, several novel ties, among which may be mentioned Mrs. Cutter's song, ' A Wild Night,' composed for her by Mr. G. B. AUon. and *' Forget Me Not,' also composed for her by Signor Giorza. Signor Rosnati sang in his usual excellent stylo ' Un di Felice,' and a romanza of Donizetti. Mr. Levy's* great feature in, the concert was Uie ' Carnival of . Venice,' which, it is but bare justice to Ray, be performed in. a mar vi-llous manner. The -difficulties' were excessive, but they verc as trifles to this master of the cornet. Tbe toues he produced were extraordinary, and bis execution was fault loss. Mr. Foster is to be complimented for a clever render Hip of Sebulhoff's Galop de Concert for piano. The size of the room prevented this performance being; sufficiently heard, liut for all that it was delicately played. Altogether the ?cunceil was a very successful affair, and probably Mr. Levy ?will bo encouraged, to give one or two more before bis final ?departure from Sydney. At present Mr. Levy and bis ?company have gone to Bafhurst. On 'WedneMlay morning (says tbe Mttxieal WorH of the 30th December) Miss Alice 'May, the Australian prima donna, made her first appearance in London as the Grand Duchess, in Offenbach's opera, a part in which, according to the Australian and Indian Press, both as actress and singer, she appears to eminent advantage. On her entree Miss May received a very kind welcome, and the aulienco ;sooii appreciated the talent of the debutante, and unani mously called on her to repeat ' I doat on the military,' and nearly every subsequent number. At the close of the .act Miss May received the honours of a call, and when she appeared before tbe curtain there was quite an ovation. At the conclusion of tbe popular air, ' Say to him ' (' Dites a lui'), the applause was so vociferous that Miss May was ?compelled to sing- it again. On Thursday Miss May ? appeared in 'La Belle Helene,' and yesterday was .announced to play the part of Mdlle. Lauge in ' Madame Anpot.' The Italian Opera Company arc continuing their success ful season in Melbourne. Speaking of the performance of ?' Un Ballo in Maschera ' by the Italian Opera Company in Melbourne, the Argus, after complimenting Signora de Barrati on her performance of tnc part of Oscar the page, .adds : — For level excellence in acting and singing we have :not had in Melbourne a better representative of the port of Amelia than Signora Guadaguini. Her hearers feel at their ease about her ability to sing perfectly well all that is written for the part, aud as they watch each situation in which she is the chief actress, they acknowledge the intelligence which makes plain to iheir understanding the passion which animates her, and they admire the well-trained artistic moans which, with all the'appearance of spontaneity, she brings to bear upon its ?development. Signor Paladini shows thus far that he is fully equal to each part that he has undertaken to represent, find, unliko most of the Italian singers who have gone ' before him, he gives us the musical text without mutilation, ;as witness the aria in the fifth act, ' Ma se m'e forza per ?derti,' usually omitted. Let us say now in a few words that. Last night he acquitted himself to the .entire satisfaction of the audience. Signor Orlandini is a well practised and capable artist. In his representation of the part of Kenato, his great aria ' Eri Tu ' was sung with iiue feeling and good effect. Signora Venosta is fully as ?capable and effective in playing the part of Ulrica, the black sorceress (which she plays with a tawny-coloured face), as she is in that of Azuccna — the mad Gipsy in ' II 'Trovatore.' Cooper, Bailey, and Co.'s circus and menagerie has reached Adelaide, and was opened there on the 10th instant. An Adelaide newspaper says that a tremendous crowd .assembled on the arrival of the menagerie at the port to see the animals Land, and a pageant such as is seldom or ever ;S.-en here occurred when they marched up to town. 