MISCELLANY. DOUBLE A0&08TI0. By Contra, Lest England's foes my second Bhonld molest. My first by some are deemed in great reqneeb 1. Inveterate foes attempted here to save Those whom their friends abandoned to the wave. 2. A statesman priest, who ruled with iron h»nd Alike the king, the army, and the land. 3. A friend beloved and faithful—that is all That we can learn abont him from St. Paul. 4. 'Tis there the speed is tried; thousands are won, And twice ten thousand lost 'tween sun and sun. 6. A race of kings once bore this glorious name; All that is left them is their ancient fame. 6. Death-dealing stream, whicb, like the ocean wave. Buries its victims in a nameless grave. 7. The digger goes to his attractive toil, And hopes to reap a fortune from th»p soil. & 'Iwas here she faintly heard the martial strain, And made her comrades' hearts revive again. 9. Her struggles to be free were heard afar, And now her foes are plunged in hopeless war. Answer to doable acrostic ia the Austral asian, September 1. SIR WILIIAJI JZRVOIS—COLONEL SCRATCHLBY. 1\. 8-cientifi-C. 2\. I-ndig-O. 8\. B-ai-L. 4\. W-aterlo-O. 5\. I-n-N. 6\. L-eve-E. 7\. L-oya-L. 8\. I-ri-8. 9\. A nalyti-C. 10\. M-irro-R. XL J.gmaic-A. 12\. E-yle-T. 13\. R-eli-C. 14\. V-arnls-H, 16\. 0-w-L. 16\. I-c-K. 17\. S-k-y. We have answers from "Diapason," "J. A. L." "Dorothy," "Cigarette," "Three Blind Mice," "Tiix," "The Walrus," "Pilgarlick," and "Nancy Tucker." Real Quacks —Docks. A Boarding-place.—A carpenter's shop. Best Place fob Reflection.—Before a mirror. Pofulab Definition of Conscience.—My rule for another man's conduct. What is that which doeB not die through being drowned 1—A voice. Con. —Why is a vine like a volunteer ? Be cause it is trained, dressed, has ten-drils and shoots. A Westebn editor, speaking of a concert singer, says that her voice is delicious—pure as moon light and tender as a shirt. " My child, what is an erring man ?" said a clergyman at a Board-scnool examination in Aber deen to the brightest pupiL " The fishmonger, sir," was the reply. Cleveland young women write comments on the margins of the library novels they read. One emotional creature writes, "The pangs of love are grate, i have ben there my self." The ability of an absent person being noder discussion at a dinner party, one of the guests drew hiB fiDger round the rim of his wineglaBS and said, " That's the range of his intellect, only it never had anything half so good in it." Simple Addition.—Miss Rose (who has kindly taken in hand an illiterate housemaid): " 'Five and one make Bix.' That's right. Now what do one and six make?" Jane (promptly): "Eight'npence, miss."—Punch. A New Dance —A new dance has been introduced into Paris. It is called "The Bos ton." Though not described, it is presumable that it is one step forward and hitch eye-glass, two steps back and repeat, cose up, toes in, all hands around and waltz down stairs to a lunch of cold beans. —Chicago Journal. Respect fob Age,—A boarder, the other day, after vainly endeavouring to masticate a piece of fowl, laid down his knife and fork, saying: " All the trainings, traditions and teachings of my youth', my eenBe of propriety and the commands of Holy Writ, compel me to respect old age; but I'll bs blowed il I *mma1I 4n efomanh U nv hwtllAi) "" n»n bring myself to stomach it roasted or broiled." Out of the Mouth of a Babe.—A three* year old little girl at Bochceter, N.Y., was taught to close her evening prayer, during the temporary ab sence of her father, with, "And please watch over my papa." It sounded very sweet, but the mother's amazement may be imagined when the child added, " And you'd better keep an eye on mamma too." A Fahube —A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to.wean har husband from tne public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. "Wba are you ?" said the guidman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. "Iam Auld Nick," was the reply. "Come awa", man," said John, nothing daunted; "gie'ea shakeo' your hand—Iam married tae a sister o yours." What Indeed.—Lord William Lennox tells a good story of a French dramatist who, on the pro duction of one of his pieces, sat in a secluded part of the pit applauding furiously, whilst his wife was gently clapping her bands in one of the side-boxes. At the end ot the third act he looked daggers at his unlucky spouse, and, making his way towards her, re proached her for her want ot enthusiasm. " What could I do more," she Innocently asked, "with these lovely violet-coloured gloves ?" Giobge Sand.—"The sentiment of the ideal life, which ia none other than man's normal life as we shall one day know it"—thoee words from one of her last publications give the ruling thought of George Sand—the ground- motive, as they say in music, of all her attain. The English public oonceivee of her as of a novel writer who wrote stories more or leas in* te resting—the earlier ones objectionable and dan. gerous; the later ones, aome of them, unexceptionable, and fit to be put Into the hands of the youth of both sexes. With such a conception of George Sand, a Btory of hers like " Oonsuelo" comes to be elevated in England into quite an nndne relative importance, and to pass with very many people for her typical work, displaying all that is really valuable and significant in the author. "Consuelo" is a charm ing story; but George Sand is something more than a maker of charming stories, and only a portion of her is shown in " Consuelo." She is more, likewise, than a creator of characters. She has created, with admirable truth to nature, characters most attractive and attaching, such as Kdmde, Geneviive, Germain. But she is not admirably exoressed by therm. We do not knew htr unless we feel the spirit wNch goee through her work as a whole. In order to feel this Bpirit it is not, indeed, necessary to read all that she overproduced. Even three or four only out of her many books might suffice to show her to us if they were well chosen; let us Bay the " Lettres d'un Voyageur " Mauprat," " Francois le Champl," and a Btory which I was glad to see Mr. Myers, in his appreciative notioe of Madame Sand, Blngle out for praise," Valvfcdre." In these may be found all the principal elements of their author's strain—the cry of agony and revolt, the trust in nature and beauty, the aspiration towards a purged and renewed human society. Of George Sand's strain during £0 years these are the grand elements. Mow it is one of them which appears most prominently, now it is another. The cry of agony and revolt is In her earlier work, and passes away in her later. But in the evolution of these three elements—the pssEon of agony and revolt, the consolation from nature and from beauty, the ideas of social renewal—In the evolu tion of these is George Sand and George Sandlsltfe and power. Through their evolution her constant motive declares and unfolds itself, that motive which we set forth above—" the sentiment of the idesl life, which Is none other than man's normal life as we shall one day know it." This is the mottvet, and through theft elements Is its evolution—an evolution puisataL moreover, with the moot unfailing resolve, the BWvt abfoiute authority. -MftUiew Arnold, 