Mrs. Charles Thorneycroft's Curtain Lectures. [By the Ghost of Caudle.] LECTURE VII. AND so the comedy of " The Best Man" has been played out, and each electorate has obtained the representative of its intelligence, wealth, and morality. Isn't it so, Charlie ! Why you look a* woe-begone as it the elec tors of the. Southern/ Territory hadn't accredited you as the best man—-yon bare been tried in tha furnace of Parliamentary affliction over ; and OTer again, and like r a salamander, hare come through the ordeal BDsinged. .; .-. ? ?'?'? :? ; . ? ?'? "????'??; ...- were seren hundred, iioft, that didn't cross tbe-."Pruth," seren bandied- that .-wouldn't or couldn't;.say 'SShibboleth." '. .'?'.:',?',?,. ? ?' ??'.'?'--???-?'? '?' '?:"? ? Well! what of that, Charlie. } ;. E?ery man that's bidden to_a wedding cannot come ETery. man that has a' prievance ?. doesn't publish it. from the. hoase-top: and ererr elector who belieree the honorable member for the "botithern Territory is Dot the iight -man in tbe right (tlace, max Doi wish to tell him' so. Wβ sometimes 'speak morerloudly by keeping silent, -than by opening?? omr .months., Has tn? honorable member tor the Southern. Territoiy accepted that silence: as ominoos of a constitoeecy whose prop-jr tions are small, by.degrees and ' beaatif ally less V*'??? Or will he publish a. re- Tised edilioh of his Political Manifesto f- ?:? "?? Neither,. Mr?. .Ihorneycroft>. .'I bnv worked hard for toe poor of this constituency, ? as bard-nearly: aa some of .those political land agents in the Bonsei who charge a, -reryr hlg*.egorefortheireerTices.f ?.;: ; v.''?:???.; '?? ? That is tbe rock, Charlie, on which.you had! nearly'Xonndered. IX official corrnption is sappiog the right of the poor mkn,. political corraption should be- denounced, in the Hoo?e end oat of it,, not coquetted with. It's ? new, phase in the commerce of the world that a.man can't. $ro into a shop and .ask* for'? hat or m pair witbobt a>; broker at bis elbo-.r,. to see that be gets the' * xiglitliat, and ign'£ chiselled. ' . -"??" r'. 1 -"= ' " Te? t and I. haren't had??sixpence for all ray for nearly ten years; They xcoept my services as a-grajmtyy aod attest | their gratitude, br eeeking to dUpUce mc, I Urs- Xborneycrnlt'*.;.:/?.'/'???..???v/ : --.: ,; *fV- r -'- ?? Tbe fact is Charlie, you nitre not pleased the Oligarchs :. yon hare not' extended the platXorm; upon which, their.:rmathematiea! areas aare been ?o adroitly: meted.:. ? Bat many of the Democrats ? bare bees faithless too. Like the daughter of the horse-leech, they're continually crying, "? Give, - gire ;" and when yon cease- to gire. their gratitude expires. ' ' The election, reminded mc of an episode mr Irish History. " One j?*." and *- Oornaw" irere the mcknames of two - Irish membexs who some fifty years ago repre eentedllie.County of Cork in tbe Parliament tbeirirings,saadcry Yaw; Tew^T*" jfewt ot, aST;.*-;?? Oa U atJlt w Triennial- , them aH Into one ph&jnuT; aL?* "ptempere" from, ttft eighteen I?LS ?* ci I hope you may, Charlie : bat wii i? to change your tactics Tonr taern~lrS*' n wnn-w?y-aoeemiKKSafe passengers tex-Bteejlclotb. tweeS/win never condescend to oceS?£ sane Idnrm. ? p * ?? ?? Circumstances alter cases, Mra. Th,__ croft Tne'VFest-endier ha? very oft2"£ come down and sit wia the iuefce!*? There's Hanky Bennett, an lionet eentaij ve, v but a. poor mac f Bat don't too see. that u_l. . >&?££s* though combined: with a hundrSTouj£ which hare no attractrre force, to fectioos, that erery einn who collides in ? way with it, is to a sUaifetilL it may be cariaie to him,, a thing highl. £ conTeaieat to pmehaise or trade irUJT (it |T its presence, he.has. no alternative—he mm bow down and do it obeisance. Tire which King Cbarfee- conld i?t eoeoni£ th? one grand im?enonation of before which he qnsilcd, was Huncden. Tr -H?nley?Benn?tt islion?t bei* as Sonw toi Legislature not orervreight.-il wifl, commodity^ " I can -roach, Mrs. Thoraeycroft, ibr hi, public virtue: it has never been disuined." Iα a great many instances, Charlie, tie electors bare borne honorable rtenuue to the parity which liad characterised tfe' Pariiameutary doings of their- wpreaeeti. tires. TbU is a> it shontd be. Wtmn fcrraut continues in a family forty or fifty years, you may be sure there has been matoi recognition of valuable services and of hoi appreciation. Even it good dog <re cannot bear to part with. . ' "I should be glad that lny conatitseatt. wontd oftener meet, ami canvass my merita and demerits. It would enable meiopercem my shortcomings, and supply mc with energy to cultivate a broader acqiuinUatt with their want* and wishes H Nepotism, Cbarlic. yoa must dtddedly ignore. It's only found awn; the luai roni of. Italy, and the peasantry of IMaml and Scotland—people who love to see & little of blood relationship iv tbe very boots they wear, and in the food they eat, ?? I have never a?t<xt for a billet Mrs. Thorneycroft, for a relotion of mine, nor never intend to." Thank you, Charlie, for that declaration. No naval or military commandant wanting a subordinate, would think of looking among his cousins or thirty- first cousin*, for the article. You must ? negotiate, as you woaW for any' commercial 'article,' by demanding the best of it* kind, niid paying a price in proporUon. " It is my intention, Mrs. Thorneycroft, to support a. measure for future appointment) being made: on the principle of '? Promotion of the FittesU- If one of your. constituents broaght you a foundered horse, and asked you to bny him, would you not think the man most tin reasonable ; and would you not unhesitatingly . decline to do ?? so J If the same oranyotba naecrupnlouH' elector, having lKar>) that tbe Gpverment wanted to purchase Aomccaralrjr horses, were to cdmd to ch-1 'beg'iua to *BBifYoGr~gooa 6Hice> in I'laeatin; Sit ?~iT in ferior or nnsaitable luiimnl.for.him, ironhl you not trent such .1:1 application trim Bcorn I App'y Um> khoo [>niicip!s to prir <nring a billet for nti ignoratno*, hd<J will your, very blood tingle, wlien you hjre reflected thatyoa have beeo' priwtitutiufr the" patronage or inuneuce with which yoor ; Parliamentary position in vested you, for the very base " purposes 1 ' ' - 1 . ?? ?> ?? I pledge you my honor,. -Mrs. Tliornej croft, that in the exercise of nay patronage I may possew, I shall be a* c:reiimi|i?:tanil . disinterested as -Henry Tarkes luiniclf. Bat it does not always follow that the; beat man is chosen in every iustaucc—Davies. Coni¥>r, aiid Macintoeli, for examp!va. - ' ' Those axe not Government servant!, Charlie ; they ore the chosen darlings of an aggrieved democracy. ? Parkes voted Xor Immigration, and eo'did Dangar and Dibfe, as was to hc~ expected from the character and antecedents' of the men, They did not refuse 'to serve Democracy as it is fctrcil anywhere else—in the shop, the theatre, &t; racecourse, without-distinction. They re :fnaed-4very .properly, yoa: will 'admit-4o fail,dq?n.and worship the thing.? '" his liking, Jlrt. Thorney croft. 1 should try-an4 'please , my consti tuency.'*- ,:; ..,.'.. ._;. .. ... ;? \: . ' Tottdbtt't mean,in the wrpng w Charlie 1. .' "IftKcy say they; are right, wbo,con?b tationally, is to say thaf they arc wrong, Mrs. Thorneycroftr" ,J - : That is the. one weak point in Comtitn tional Government, -orhich.' all the patching of all the statesmen in Great Britain cannot mend. I aijree with" Bobert Xowe, that " before Ri ring manhood snffrajee tve shonld have hidden away the silver spoons." -It if too late now, Charlie.- _ "Kobert IiOWe 1 -: isjiaa epigrammatic speaker, Mrs. Tneeneycroa; bat who ever said he was a, '?iine#iaaf£g : .\ Manhood enfftage has been the salvation' of the country. When the? people have Tearnetl to under stand their true interests, and to'be content witli "an even balance,"- I have no dooM that an equal cnSrage will cot- be likely ? fantasrjc- tricks as chatacteisM the late elections. Charlie. „ "Kdrication will do all that, Mrs. Thor neycroft—compnUory education." 1 don't believe in it, Cnarlic. If we bm to have its coioUary—no religions tfaenms. :- V!.. ?? :.-(,Te 60 CmtintvAT) ' 