THE... NOVELIST., THE LAST OF HIS TRIBE; OR, THE GHOST OF THE GRANGE. A TRUE NARRATIVE OF HAMILTON. (BY PATRICIUE.) " There ere more thlnse, ih.aven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of to your philosophy." ' ' --SaAKssPenAss. 'Troth'--that' birthright of high and loI?-'. is ..tranger than fiction,, though not a ptranger to fiction; as by the fictitious conneeting.link to a chain of true edvents herein recorded, I will demand for the nonce their ambignonus co-existence. From old Haeniltrd residents, . my .narrative .will claim familiarity; but frbfin the uninitiated, I' must crave credibility-- soepticlsm being, truly, one of the safe' and coutions characteristics of a modern people. 'I have seen what I would not?,believe on your testimony, anld what I cannot thereforoe epect you.to believe on ?mi?ie,' was the reply of, Dr. Trevirantis to enquiries put to him by Coletidge as, t6 the reality of certaip ..magnetic phenomena which that:' iti. tinguished savant was reported. to have witnessed. No better preface could have. been written to. 'The Last ofi His Tribe' than the venerable dodtdr's I reply; t therefore,, 1 i po but crave I a passinj notlee from my reader, and I throw myself on the mercy of his or her ridicule. I trust, however, that my carrative may be perueed with as much o willingness on: the: reader's part asl aI desire to intereston mine. ,, If so, then I I will have attained a literary triumph *I if not, I will have failed in my attempt at literature, and woo I 'a sadness will have fallen on the assembled gode in I eove's celestial nansieon'-vidi norn de I ar e ianI I., S.e I cansetbut remember such things were, I And 'were mout dear to me."-fBrnox. 'The History of Hamilton' just. published by the proprietors of the local ., paper, will,., doubtless, have informed the uninitiated that the Grange (to use a poetic phrase) was the childhood of Hamilton. But now it has spent its frolic--yea, has passed its prime of life, verged from its second clildishuesij, and (to. further. Slinks Sas ' sluffled off this mortal .'.il . tC toosI dbust' emanpseto.mark -jtr.eotingplnce of.the o.old Grange Inn;' oqlgy"4maes, of .;tone debris (the ruiiis of.a s'erulddring" chimney) -now de notes the, lonely spot which thirty jears before was tite rendezvous .o( bullock.drivers, sheplherds, and squnt. tore, and the sceno of native pomp nnd rivalry,"rhbl Grange, Inn Ras one of the first licensel,, hote!s of .th oWeat, and was ..erected.. some. thsirtyithreoe years ago, by a Mr... Green, at a. pass. ..loefotd'_on. the Grtigo Creek. -In after years the old Road Board had a pitched crossing laid down, and the thoroughfare is .now-..daya.known as the Grange ford on the Digby main road. The Grange Creek, always dull and unpicturesque, .was in early days a disjointed.chain of waterholes;. but latterly it has assumed considerable dimensions, and wiseacres ascribe the fact to thei settlement of farmers on the,, adjacent hills,., the running of furrows canning, the water to flow'mnore freely and accordingliy more plentifully. be ithisltoter fact as it may, if the creek eonrtiuues to inctense0 in size in proleortion to Into years, it will soon be dubbed the " Grange River." Quite td chapter of horrorsidating. down .oven to the present lmay, tyo identlhled with the waters, of, the Grange. .Could, tie gurgling stream but arliculatp,,wnht a tale It might unfold! Poor Green fell a victiui tq inte?tilerance; fo li7.p'ut. that In hls mouth which ,stole away, Nis brains, and his liofe alo. H owever, there were liven lost before the hnud. .lord's in tite annals of Griange histodry, to wit, the tragedy of the four bltcek fellows, which I will hero relate.. ' o berotinucrld.) 