CRICKET. INTERNATIONAL CRICKET MATCH. ENGLAND V. AUSTRALIA. The greatest match yet played off English soil was commenced on Thursday on the ground of the MCG, when eleven Australians sought to win for Australia the championship of the world against the All-England Eleven. The importance of the match has already been commented on in previous notices, and will be generally admitted. Even those who do not take an active interest in cricket cannot help but take a deep interest in the match. The inability and disinclination of Allan, Evans, and Spofforth to play in the match has been the subject of great regret to all colonial cricketers, and severe comments have been made by the public on the want of spirit shown, more particularly, by Allan, in withdrawing from the contest at the last moment. The players named, however, have refused to play, and the subject is scarcely worthy of further comment. The Australian eleven, as it now stands, is a very formidable one, and, excepting England, there can be little doubt that it could successfully uphold Australian cricket against any other country in the world. In cricket contests, and more especially at this season of the year, weather plays an important part, and propitious weather was anxiously hoped for on Thursday. These hopes were realized, as the morning broke beautifully, and although the atmosphere was a trifle cold there was a clear good light on the ground. The wicket prepared for the match was a good one, although on one occasion during the day it failed to play truly, and resulted in the career of one of the batsmen being unluckily cut short. At an early hour in morning the ground began to fill, but this was owing to an unfortunate misunderstanding on the part of a portion of the Press, the hour at which the game was announced to commence being stated at 10 o’clock. As announced, however, by /The Daily Telegraph/, it was not commenced until 1 o'clock, prior to which time the Australian team met and elected D. Gregory their captain. The result of their decision was generally commended, as every one felt that Gregory was capable of wisely handling his men. The coin was spun in the air by the respective captains—Lillywhite and Gregory— and fortune favoured the latter. At this time there could not have been more than 3,000 spectators on the ground, and at no time during the day was there more than 4,000 persons present. In a short time the decision of the Australian captain was made known, and the Englishmen took the field, followed closely by Australia’s first representatives in the persons of the brilliant young batsman Bannerman, and the veteran Thompson. The spectators were now destined to witness one of the most brilliant exhibitions of cricket in Australia, and it is indeed doubtful if better cricket has ever been shown in the world. From the start the Englishmen bowled and fielded in a manner that showed that they felt the responsibility of their position, and knew that they were intrusted with the high cricketing honour of old England. It was soon observable that the absence of Pooley at the wickets was a great loss to the team. His place was taken by Selby, but his performance fell far short of the excellence that has been displayed by Pooley, or even Blackham. He did not attempt to take the fast bowling at all, standing a sharp short slip instead, but he showed that he was capable of taking the ball well from the field. It was not long before Thompson was disposed of by a trimmer from Hill, and then Horan joined Bannerman. The two colonial cracks were now together, and the hopes of the Australians were realised, for they made a stand. The bowling and fielding was simply splendid, but the defence of both men was steady, and their hitting sure. Bannerman’s style, however, was by far the more brilliant. After having made 12 Horan met with a piece of hard luck, a ball, well up from Shaw, bumping and hitting him on the hand, Hill availing himself of an easy catch at short slip. Dave Gregory also had bad luck in being run out, owing to the fine fielding of Jupp. Cooper, who followed, toiled hard in making his 15, but during this time Bannerman was arousing the enthusiasm of all by a display of cricket the brilliance of which has never been equalled in Australia. He caused the captain of the Englishmen to resort to every bowler in his team, but all to no purpose, as he continued to pound every bowler to every part of the field— hitting to leg, driving and cutting with a certainty and vigour truly gratifying to witness. He played Shaw steadily though freely; every loose ball from Hill he scored off, while his treatment of Armitage's slows caused the people to shout enthusiastically. Nor could any of the other bowlers make an impression on him—Southerton, Lillywhite, Ulyett, and Emmett all coming in for a share of punishment at his hands. Midwinter, after making one good drive for 4, and another along the ground for a single, was beautifully caught at the grand stand fence by Ulyett, who was just able to reach the ball as it was passing over the fence. D. Gregory was well caught by Greenwood before he scored, and Blackham had made 3 when the stumps were drawn for the day. At this time the scoring-sheet showed that 166 runs had been obtained for the loss of but six wickets. Of this number, Bannerman had made 126, not out. It is impossible to speak too highly of his play, and of the service he has already rendered to Australian cricketers in the match. As he left the wickets he should certainly have been treated to an ovation, but he was not. It is satisfactory to hear that a member of the Melbourne Club has offered a valuable trophy to the highest scorer on the Australian side. This should certainly find its way into the hands of Bannerman. The Australians, so far, have acquitted themselves creditably, but, at the same time, Bannerman may not make as large a score in the second innings; although, of course, another member or the team may come to the fore. THE PLAY. At five minutes past 1 o'clock the Englishmen appeared in the field, and were quickly followed by Australia's first representatives, N. Thompson and C. Bannerman. The field were disposed as follows: Bowler, Shaw; wicketkeeper, Selby; Emmett, point; Southerton, slip; Hill, forward cover; Lillywhite, mid-off; Greenwood, long- off; Ulyett, long-on; Charlwood, square leg; Armitage, mid-wicket; and Jupp, short leg. One run was made for a cut by Bannerman in the first over, and Hill went on at the other end. A maiden was the result of his first effort, and then the veteran cut Shaw for a single, and the couple could easily have been made. Hill clean bowled Nat with the second ball of his next over, and, for the first time, the board indicated 1-1-2. Horan's appearance was signalled by a burst of applause, and the two best bats of the team were together. The remainder of the over was safely executed by the Victorian crack, and the New South Wales crack took a maiden from Shaw. A maiden to Hill, and Bannerman hit Shaw to the on for a single, following the effort by very prettily playing Hill to square-leg for a brace, and then to the on for a single, Armitage making a mull. A maiden from Shaw to Bannerman, and Horan made his first by prettily playing Hill to square-leg for a couple. He followed this effort with another couple, the ball being well fielded by Greenwood. Bannerman then hit Shaw straight for a couple. Four for byes in Hill’s next, and Horan got him away in the slips for a single, and Bannerman played the same bowler in his next for a couple to the on. Two more in the same place, and 20 made its appearance. A maiden to Shaw, and Bannerman played Hill straight and hard for 3, running it well out. The wonderful Shaw then came with another maiden, and Horan cut Hill beautifully for a brace, the 4 being saved by Ulyett. Shaw next came in for a share of Bannerman's attention, being first cut for 2, then hit to leg for a similar amount, and 30 up. Horan then got Hill away again in the favourite place to leg for a single, followed by 3 to Bannerman in the same place, one being the result of an overthrow. Hill then changed to Shaw’s end, and his first was hit hard and straight by Bannerman for 3, and the same batsman fluked Shaw for a single, and in Hill’s next got him to leg for a single. Another single for a snick off Shaw, and 40 made its appearance. After maidens from each bowler, a slow one from Shaw bumped, and hitting Horan on the hand, he was caught at short slip by Hill, 2-12-40. The captain, D. Gregory, came next, and he opened by driving Shaw for a single, and playing a maiden from Hill, after which he was foolishly run out in trying to make a run for Bannerman. 3-1-41. An adjournment for lunch now took place, and at a quarter to 3 o’clock the game was resumed, Cooper appearing at the vacant wicket, and receiving the remainder of Shaw’s over safely. A maiden to Hill, and Cooper cut Shaw for a single, the ball being beautifully fielded by Southerton. A maiden from Hill to the new comer, who did not appear to like the fast stuff. A maiden to Shaw, all finely played by Bannerman, the supporters of Australia being now very desirous to see the New South Wales crack get set after lunch. A maiden from Hill to Cooper, another to Shaw, and Cooper put Hill to leg for a single. A maiden to Shaw, and Bannerman enlivened proceedings by hitting Hill to leg for a single. A maiden from Hill to Cooper. Another maiden to Shaw, and Cooper cut Hill prettily for a couple; following the effort up by playing the same bowler to leg for a single. Bannerman then hit the same bowler to leg for a couple, and 50 was signalled. Shaw again bowled a maiden, and Bannerman now made the first 4 of the match, hitting Hill beautifully to the on in front of square to the pavilion fence. Another maiden was now recorded to Shaw, and Ulyett relieved Hill. A single to Bannerman off his first ball, and with his second he hit Cooper on the fingers, necessitating the use of a glove. Cooper very soon had revenge, putting him away to leg for a brace. Bannerman then hit Shaw to square leg for a couple. A single to Cooper off Ulyett, prettily played past third man, followed by 3 to Bannerman to square-leg, the 60 having made its appearance just previously. Bannerman followed this effort by hitting Shaw beautifully to the off for 3. A maiden from Ulyett to Bannerman, the last ball being a full toss to leg. Another maiden to Shaw, followed by a maiden to Ulyett, and Cooper hit Shaw to square leg for 4. 70 up. A single to Bannerman off Ulyett was the result of a stolen run. A maiden from Shaw, and Cooper snicked a full toss from Ulyett to long-leg for a single. A couple maidens to Shaw, one to Ulyett, and then a single to Bannerman was scored for a ball played slowly to mid-on. A leg-bye off Ulyett was the next addition to the score. In fact, the batsmen appeared unable to score off the wily bowler. Bannerman again made Ulyett suffer, driving him to the pavilion fence for 4. In the next over, Cooper at length succeeded in breaking the monotony of Shaw's over by cutting him deep for 2, and 80 made its appearance on the board. Ulyett was then beautifully driven by Bannerman straight for 3. He followed this up by hitting Shaw hard to the on for 4, and driving him beautifully to the off for a like number. 90 up, rather quick scoring, and Southerton relieved Ulyett, the supporters of. Australia being jubilant, no more 3's to 1 on the Englishmen being obtainable. Southerton's first was a maiden. Armitage went on at the other end, and Bannerman hit his first for 4, his third for 2, and the fourth he sent to the pavilion, amidst tumultuous applause, for another 4. 10 off Armitage's first over, and 100 up. A maiden from Southerton to Cooper. Armitage then bowled a wide, and Bannerman again sent him to the pavilion for 4. Southerton then bowled his third maiden, and Armitage delivered another “wide,” Bannerman hitting his next for a single. Bannerman broke the continuity of Southerton's maidens by hitting him to the on for a single. Lillywhite now took the ball from Armitage, and Bannerman scored a single for a hard drive to the off in the first over. 110 was now up. A maiden to each bowler, and Bannerman hit Southerton to the on for a single, and again beautifully hitting Lillywhite to the on for a single, the hit being worth 4. He then hit Southerton splendidly, right over his head, for 4, following up with a hit to the on for a single. Cooper, who had not scored for the last half hour, simply contenting himself with keeping his wickets together, was now clean bowled by Southerton. 4-15-118. The lion hitter of the Australians, Midwinter, filled the breach, and was well received by the spectators. A single to the off was scored by Bannerman, for a hard hit, and the field spread out. The new-comer failed to play his first two balls, and had evidently a narrow escape of being bowled by Lillywhite. Bannerman then hit Southerton of 4, Shaw making a, good effort to make a catch, and Midwinter hit Lillywhite straight for 4. Another beautiful, straight hit off Southerton credited Bannerman with another 4, and he then hit the last ball of the over for another 4. 130 up. A maiden from Lillywhite to Midwinter, and Bannerman drove Southerton hard for a single, following the effort by cutting Lillywhite for a single. A single to Midwinter for a hard drive, and Bannerman hit the last ball of the over hard and straight for 4. 140 up. Midwinter now let out at Southerton, and was caught by Ullyett [sic] at the Grand Stand fence. A splendid hit and a splendid catch. 5-5-142. E. Gregory now became the vis-a-vis of Bannerman, who cut Lillywhite for a single. Several maidens having been bowled, Gregory was well caught by Greenwood at square-leg, off Lillywhite. The Australian wicketkeeper filled the breach, and played a maiden, after which his partner made a single off Lillywhite. Two more to Bannerman, Shaw falling to asleep while following the ball. A maiden from Lillywhite to Blackham, and Bannerman hit Southerton hard for a single. Blackham then made his first score, cutting Southerton prettily for a brace. A maiden to each bowler, and Bannerman got Lillywhite away for 2 and 1, 1, bringing 150 up. Immediately afterwards Bannerman hit Southferton hard to the off for 3, and then, placed Lillywhite neatly to the on for a single. This brought him in front of Souther- ten, from whom he made 2 for a cut and 1 for a bill played to short-leg and well run by Black- him. Emmett now relieved Lillywhite, and Bannerman, who was now doing all the scoring, cut the last ball of the over for a single, bring ing him in front of Southerton, whom he drove for a single, Blacknam putting him to the off for a singie toe next ball. Another single to Baunerman off Southerton, and he faced Emmett, cutting his third ball rather uppishly for 3. A maiden to Southerton and the stumps were drawn for the day. SECOND DAY (FRIDAY). THE PLAY. At a quarter to 1 o'clock, Bannerman and Blackham resumed their positions at the wickets. The latter took the first over from Emmett, playing rather unsettled. Southerton then opened to Bannerman, upon whom every eye was directed in consequence of his brilliant display of cricket on the previous day. Three byes were run in the first over, and Bannerman accepted a maiden from Emmett, Southerton following suit te Blackham. Then Bannerman hit Emmett to the off for 1, and Southerton to the on for another. 170 up, the appearance of which was signalised by Blaojthtan cutting 1 Southerton beautifully for 3, and'Bahnerman hit hit the- same bowler straight /for another single. SeveralmaidenS, iand Blapkham got Southertdhto' leg for a single. After three maidens, a bye 'was run, and Bannermaam hit . t Emmett splendidly tpthe on for 4, bringing 180 up. Blackham f ol io wedthis 'up by; cutfing Sbuthefton fqrs3, and/ watM'jjf EnimpCT to' a' cut' for 4'., r. Bannkrmann Uow gatfe thO ghost of a chance to Armitage at mid-on, but tlib tut'wafetoo high, aUd orieruh scored. ' A sihjgJd to Blackham was scored offthh nhxt'balL Sbaw.tio# relieved rfEipmett at 'ffie ''failw&y; Ofi'cl, and 'bowled miideh to Blackham. Bahnernuinn then droye Shjaw hard nhd straight for '4 f oliowiiig the ! effort up With another drive for. a single— 190 'up, anil Blackhanj snibked Southerton for ; a single, and &an;£ a feipiilar ambuiit bff at ffili hop from Shawj ! His time had'', how come, however, : ; as "he was bowled1 by. the: next ball; from, ' Sontherton/ 7r— 17— 17 Garrett filled the Vacancy, anq Safely negotiated the remainder pf tlie ove. A' single to the M, 1 prbttily playedj ' was scored by Bannerman in 'Shaw's next, and a single-1 Off Southerton. Garrett then got Sofithertoh to leg for 3, 200 being theh Oigualled, and grqetbd With cheers. Two' more to Garrett for a nice ;cnt off Shaw; and 4 for a fine. leg hit to the1 same player. A, maiden to Southdrton, and Garrett demonstrated' that he meant business by cutting Shaw deep for a brace, and then driving him for a single. Off the next from Southerton Garrett again scored, and Bannerman drove the same howler hard for 3,' following it up by driving Shaw for 4. Garrett then cut a short backed ball from Southerton for a' brace, and 220 is signalled. Away flies the ball to the on,. Bannerman this time executing the hit. This rapid scoring on the part of both men now brought Ulyett on at Southerton's end. His first Was a maiden, but in his next he was beautifully driven by Bannerman for 4. Several maiden overs, and 2 tb Bannerman for an 6ff drive. Xnjthe over all the players appealed for a catch at the wickets off Garrett, but the umpire gave his decision in favour of the batsman. After eight maiden overs Bannerman snicked Ulyett, uppishly in the slips, and 4 were obtained — 230 up. Au adjournment for lunch now took place, and on resuming Garrett played Shaw forward for a single, the bowler fail ing to stop the balk A maiden to Ulyett and then Bannerman dragged Shaw to the on for a brace. A leg-bye for 1, and Bannerman aroused enthusiasm by driving the fast bowler hard for 4 to the off — 240 up. At this stage Bannerman met with a nasty accident, a fast ball from Ulyett getting up and hitting him on the fingor. The result was that a considerable delay was occasioned until he left the field, ap parently suffering great pain, and had his in- j uries attended to. At first it was thought that he would be able to continue his innings j but the injury was found to be top severe, and the next man, Kendall, took his place at the wicket. The new-comer hit the first ball hard to the off for 3. The last ball of the next over proved fatal to him, as in attempting to hit Shaw to leg he got under the ball, and was caught. 8 — 3—243. Hodges was the last man. Garrett then played Ulyett prettily to leg for 2. The end, however, had now came, Shaw proving fatal to Hodges in the next over. The inbings thus closed for a total of 245 runs. At half -past 3 o'clock the Australians took the field, Selby and Jupp being the first English representatives. Selby obtained 2 and 1 in Hodges's first over. Gar rett took up the bowling at the other end. His first was cut by Jupp for 2, and then each man obtained a single off the< next two balls. A run was beau tifully stolen off Hodges' next. 2 to Selby, who dragged Hodges to the on. 16 was now up, ; and the: spectators were greatly delighted with the maimer in which the runs were stolen. A single to Jupp for a cut off Garrett, and 3 more to the same batsman for a leg hit off1 Hodges, followed by a 2 for an off drive in Garrett's next over. Selby then hit Hodges to leg for 4. 20 up. Garrett then 'bowled the first maiden. Hodges in his next drew first . blood for Australia, Selby being caught at point off him. 1 — 7 — 23. Chari wood tilled the breach, and commenced pounding Hodges to square leg for 4. Jupp then cut- Garrett for 4. 30 up. Charlwood drove Hodges-to the off for 3, Jupp getting the same bowler to leg for a singie. A maiden to Garrett and 1 to Charlwood off Hodges, and 1 more off Garrett. These efforts he followed up by hitting Hodges beautifully to leg for 4. 40 up. A maiden from Garrett to Jupp, and Kendall relieved Hodges. Charlwood scored a single off his first ball, and Jupp played his third prettily for 3. The. second- maiden in succession to Garrett, and Charlwood played Kendall to leg prettily for 3. The third maiden to Garrett, a maiden to Kendall, and Charlwood fluked Garrett in the slips for 3. 50 up. Charl wood then drove Kendall for a single, and Jupp did likewise. A maiden to Garrett, and Charlwood played Kendall for a single, Jupp driving the. same bowler also for a single. Another maiden to Garrett, and a maiden to Kendall. Midwinter now relieved Garrett with the ball at the grand stand end. Jupp cut his first for a single, and Charlwood hit Ins second hard for 3, the four being well saved by Gar rett. One to Charlwood off Kendall for a hard drive brought 60 up, and Jupp cut the next for a brace. A single to Charlwood in Midwinter's next, and he then drove Kendall for a couple. A maiden to Midwinter, and Nat Thompson took the ball from Kendall. Charlwood cut the last ball of the over deep for 3, and then played Midwinter for a single, Jupp following example. 70 up. A maiden to Nat Thompson, and Charlwood hit Midwinter hard, running 3, but one was called short. Jupp then got Midwinter away for 1, and each batsman scored a single in Thompson's next, Jupp finishing the over by getting the same bowler away for a aingle. A maiden to Midwinter, and Thompson followed his example. Jupp then drove Midwinter for a single, and played Thompson to leg for another single. A maiden to Midwinter was followed by a bye, which, however, did not prevent the veteran from bowling a maiden. Charlwood's time however had now come, he being beautifully caught at the wickets in Midwinter's next. 2 — 36 — 79. Ulyett filled the vacancy, and took the remainder of the over without scoring. Jupp played the next from Thompson for a brace. Ulyett then drove Midwinter beautifully for 4. A maiden to Thompson, Midwinter following his example. Jupp then placed Thompson prettily to leg for 3. Jupp then placed Midwinter in the slips for 3—90 up. Jupp then ran 1 for a leg hit off Thompson, and Ulyett hit a ball straight into the hands of Kendall at mid-on, an easy catch, but the offer was declined, and a run made. The next feature of the game was a fiver by Ulyett, and a single stolen off Midwinter, Ulyett was then given 0;%! tefore/, wicket ft. Thompson; and he seemed mplinqd to dispute thejumpire's decision. 3— 10- 98. Hmjmwbo filled the breach. Jupp then got Midwifiter away for 3. 100 up. The score was then increased to 105; Jupp con tributing 2 aud 1, and Greenwood a! single. The sun at .this .stage shone, ,out .sjtrongly, and; the light became bad. Kendall relieved Thompson, . UPP Bent hiin on a journey through the ' chains at leg for 4; 'In the next over from" Mid winter Greenwood was well caught by E. Gfegory at shorfcslip., 4—1109, and the , stumps were drawn for. the day. Appended is :th ruU scpre up to the present — I | vi';:;? . : AUSTRALIANS. ' : ,r. 1 r first Innings. Bannerman; 1 12 1 2 2 2 3 2 23 8 1113 2 412 3 31 1 4 3 M4;244:111,1M1L14|44114;14242 1 3 1 2 1 1 1 3 1 1 1 4 1 4 1 1 1 3 4 1 4 2 4 2 4, re tired .. > ..165 Thompson, 1, b Hill . , .. 1. Horan, 2 2 4 1 2 1, c Hill, b Sliav ... ' . . . . 12 D. Gregory,- 1, run out , , v. .. .. 1 Cooper, 11212141 2, b Southerton .. . . J5 Midwinter, 4 1, c Ulyett, b -Southerton .. .. " 5 E. Grory, c Greenwood, b Lillywhite .. 0 Blackham, 2 1 3 1 3 4 111, b Southerfon ... ..17 Gairrett, 8 2 4 2 =11 2 1 1 2, hot out . ; ' . . ! 19 Kendall, 3, c Southerton, bShaw .. : - .. . .. .3 Hedges, b Shaw .. . ' .. .. 1 0 Leg-bye 1, widaB 2,byess 4' : .. 1 7' t'ur ' ' Total"' Li '..'S" : ' v ;ALL-ENGL4tffl ELEFEN. First Innings. Jupp, 2131 11 113241 311 12 l'l 1 1112331 3 214 .... .... ... 64. Selby, 1 "2 4, c Cooper, b Hodges . .. .. 7 Charlwood, 43114133113 1 1 2 3 1 1 1; « Black- ham, b Midwinter . ... .. ..36 . Ub'efct, 414 1, 1. b.w., b Thompson . . ..10 Greenwood, 1, c E. Gregory .. 1 Legrbyel .. .. .. .. .. 1 Total, with 'four, wickets down .. 10y Bowling Analysis. —Shaw, 223 balls, 51 runs, 34 maidens, 3 wickets ; Hill, 92 balls, 42 runs, 16 maidens, 1 wicket Ulyett, 100 balls, 36 runs, 12 maidens ; Southerton, 148 balls, 61 runs, 17 maidens, 3 wickets ; Armitage, 14 balls, 15 runs, 2 wides ; Lillywhite, 56 balls. 19 runs, 5 maidens, 1 wicket ; Emmett, 48 balls, 13" runs, 7 maidens. From the Illustrated London News$ dated Saturday, 13fch January, 1877, I learn that Mr. Richard Daft, captain of the Nottingham County eleven of cricketers, was on Tuesday entertained at a dinner at -Nottingham, and presented - with a service of plate, £500, a silver tankard, and a silver hunting-flask. The plate, service, and money were chiefly the . outcome of a match played at Nottingham, in July last, for the benefit of Mr. Daft. 