SHbertoafer - m WEtfTY-FIVE YEARS OF AWSmRALIANLIFE. : BY AteOu THE Thi . siWJ'iiw" imuhtixtiaM," i ' ' "'"sj::^ _ m : ^ r© ofehe enchanter. - tot ^^SftU^i^Qftea/' -Sprmg-bM. «ome again in all itiglpry bfameadow flowers and*attleblb»«om;Ybnt»(ohMge;' • vast tud*tamendous«hange>;&M; itpoms . «Hi> Shn ^hMi&tt;^iiod^ that stream now, it is of a dirty muddy colour. The woods are deoimated ; the tracks, onoe so silent, passing through solitudes where the bellbird sang and the lizard played upon the decayed logs, have developed into duBty highways, throrfged with horse and bullock teams; the air, which was resonant a year ago with the musio of the birds and the lowing of the cattle, is burdened with the turmoil of a great assemblage of people. Above the station, where suoh solitude onoe reigned, thousands of white tents glitter in the afternoon sun, and in every direction the once-verdant slopes are honeyoombed with the holes sunk by the myriads of men who have come from all parte of the world to seek for treasures. At the brink of the water hundreds of cradleB are busily at work, re ducing the earth with water until nothing appears but a rich, golden residuum, that rich sand that gladdens the heart of the weary cradler as nothing in this world can gladden. Yes, the Wand of the Enchanter has been waved, and the sylvan soenery of Silver water Bend has been changed as if by magic. In the year 1851 gold was discovered at Buninyong, near Ballarat, and at a place near Bathurst. Heretofore there had been an exodus from Sydney to the Pacifio Slope, to that Eldorado, the Golden Gate, California; but once it was ascertained that gold actually existed in despised Australia—that the Monarch of Men was enthroned south of the line, the emigration stopped, and men began to look beneath their nose for that which they bad so long sought in foreign lands, especially encouraged by the favourable reports of the veteran geologist, the Rev. W. B. Clarke. Onoe the discovery was made, there was no end to the parties who went out to search for gold. Ballarat and Bendigo burst upon the astonished colonies, like a oataclasm. Stories circulated like wildfire of men who had Bailed back by the vessel which had brought them to the colony, on her return voyage, with £20,000 or £30,000, made in a few weeks on Bendigo Flat, at the Eureka, or at Mount Alexander. The quiet population of New South Wales, who had jogged along for years, dreaming of nothing but a livelihood, awoke to the fact that they might, after all, becomerich. Children and grown people went fossickingabout the gullies looking fortheyellow metal. It was not long before the yellow Bands of the rivers and creeks howed where the golden drift lay, and the two colonies of New South Wales and Victoria began that wonderful career of prosperity which has surprised the world. Whereas the tide of population had heretofore flowed to the golden land of California, it now began to return to Australia, and her truant sons were soon landing on her shores again, accompanied by shoals of the young, the vigorous, and the adventurous. The pick of the world's industry gravitated to Sydney and Melbourne. The ocean roads to Australia, which before had been troubled by few ships, were now ploughed daily by soores of vessels, from the humble schooner to the great leviathan of the deep. And soon an unwonted sight appeared in Australian waters, large steamers, of which the Great Britain—honoured name throughout Australia—was one of the pioneers. a g p How like a fairy tale it all is now when we look back and think of it, how it resembles the story of the Sleeping Princess and the Enchanted Forest, which awoke from their trance when the young prince appeared, after the lapse of one hundred years. Australia awoke to a new life, a new being, and entered upon that marvellous race of prosperity, whioh, if we exoept California, has been unexampled in the history of the world. Old people who, like owls, had vegetated for. years in the fastnesses of the woods, stared with wonder when their j retreats were invaded by shoals of human beings so unlike themselves; men who toiled from morning to night, who were full of vigour, and 'spoke in what was to - the. Australians of that day a new tongue; who wore Panama or.." California" hats instead of the antiquated cabbage-tree tiles of the colonists, wliose music was new .and strange, wjio .never, used the Sydney exclamations-*-" My • word," " By golly," By crikey," etc.; who had new- fangled ideas about every- - thing, and trod on prejudices without : thinking. But the;old hands had-no reason to so bitterly resent the advent of these men, for to nearly all the colonists they brought wealth, which, alas! they did not' retain themselves^ Prosperity and wealth followed in their wake. Sleepy Hollows of : itowns, whose . inhabitants looked on the diggers with aversion, suddeiily rose into importance, and these yery inhabitants found themselves rich before they could realise their good luck. The humble hotel-keeper,whq had purchased an ; allotment in Sydney or Mdbourae for a songr^perhaps, for a bottle of Turn—front some outcast who was gone over t6 the. ppholy fiend • of Drink, rose every morning to find him-, self' a richer man by hundreds of -pounds. Squatters who bad had to esort to the boiling-down pot to make ny thing out of their sheep abd Cattle— heep could then be bought for a shilling, ; and cattlefor ten shillings'per head—found themselves millionaires when sheep rose to twenty and thirty shillings, and cattle to £20 or £30—and these not the superior sheep, and cattle we-have npw, but scrubbers. Therewas ot an juiterest but the diggers benefited. Tbfey made Australia. ! ' ;, . „ When 'Tpanlby,* #olitiny barter now in some lone gully, and lopk jt his .worn fllIed frame femd desolate aspect, I Sntfifrfiriite ^y.wI'lookdMfckfiand-«eB this'man, youngandvigorou^'eteppingon the .,5horefi bl Australia;/ hoM . tn ) > lus heart, elation : in' his ,'feye, In 'top^psmy of Ms'tind.' The cama.vf bis.yeare of toU fllnd layishfttys passes before me like aSrcaip.; I refW* fh*t><he wortpjE thisjmftn, jwid sueh„«a liimi' builtilelbpurne, s§ydl?ey, jDpnedin •and Brisbane; jinribhjwl] thousands wbo rioW livb in ease and plenty, added to \he world's wealth by developing «uj Wn^hient and its mineral treasure j and yeVtere he is no w, -piBnhiliss, 1 withnothing bim3>pt tieV^fi|««.g»yftiPl » papper income toli^niejtery,';^^ i ;Mheni' riassatleBeEted diggin wi^ver-' of diggers were at work there, when everything was bustle and turmoil. Where is that great crowd now 1 Gone to join the Shadows of the other World, the Great Army of the Eternal! On moonlight nights, as I have sped in the train up the plains towards Ballarat, Bathurst or Bendigo, I have seen, as in a vision, the great train of human beings that moved up towards these centres, day after day, night after night, from the sea-board, to conquer the stubborn earth and to wrest the golden treasures from its bosom. It seems to me as if their ghosts were still journeying on towards the golden gate of their hope, the goal of their pilgrimage, their dissatisfied and disappointed ghosts. How many a foot that trod these plains, eager to reach the Promised Land, is now at reBt, dust and ashes as the path they trod years gone by. Feet that never returned to tne home the pilgrims promised to cheer and bless when they left the shores of their native land. Ah! me. Ah! me. Resting their horses, two riders, lady and gentleman, surveyed the Silverwater Diggings (unappropriate name) from a high knoll covered with she-oaks It was indeed a busy scene. The bush had been cut down and used for firewood or building ; and there were great open spaoes by tie side of the river which were dotted with tents and mole-like mounds. Some of the hills were bared of the auriferous drift—" surfacing*' this species of digging was called—which had been taken to the creek and washed, tinging the water a deep red. On one side of the creek rose on embryo town, with long lines of conical or square tents, and here and there a more pretentious canvas structure, a store or publichouse. Some few places, these were the palaces, were made of slabs and barks, and here the hoi polloi congregated. In the outskirts rose huge tents, devoted to the showbu8ineB8, circuses, theatres, dancinghalls. In one of these, time-honoured Ash ton's circus, which every Australian youth must remember, a matinee was going on, and the bray of the German band fell upon the ears of the equestrians not unpleasantly, as it was mellowed by the distance. Up and down the long street went the never-ending procession of red or blue-shirted diggers, their trousers generally coloured by the red earth. Drays weTe going up to the diggings and coming down to the creek with loads of wash-dirt. Windlasses rose out of the ground in every direotion; and here and there the canvas piping and open mouth of the wind-syphons, ventilating the deeper mines, appeared. A little way from the main diggings was the Chinamans' camp, where the Mongolians, in blue serge jumpers and trousers, wearing huge cane hats like inverted washing baBins, trotted about, bearing burdens of great weight on their backs on bamboo sticks. At that moment a procession of Chinese new chunui, were winding up the hill towards the diggings in Indian file; the headman, who was dressed in yellow silk, in the vanguard, while his patient almond-eyed Batelites trotted behind, bending beneath the loads of-rice, shovels, picks, oradles, and other paraphernalia. The Chinese, even in those times, were looked on with hatred and aversion, and were driven way from the richer parts of the digings. Only a month before the Euroeans had risen, and, but for the timely interposition of the police, sanguinary slaughter would have resulted. As it was, the Mongolians had escaped with sundry severed tails and blackened eyeB. SilverwaterDiggings had its policeand its commissioner of the Northern Gold Fields. The police barracks, known as the Camp—what a familiar name that has become throughout Australia—were on the right of the township on a hill, and were superior in style to anything oln the diggings. There was a neat verandah slab and shingled house for the commissioner, and extensive slab and bark barracks for the sergeant and the police. The birds and the kangaroos had fled from the scene, but the aborigineslhad at. once flocked to . .the township, and King < Quambone and bis family hail a camp on a neighbouring hill. They were.now on 'the road to destruction indeed. A fewyears, and the fire-water, disease, and tob&cco; would banish ' them ' from the earth. Our readers will have already surmised that the 'spectators who gazed upon this' novel scene were' Horace' ana Flora.- Horace was the gold commissioner, who. ruled-over {his creation of the enchanter Gold, and Flora, yf&s; soon to be his wife. Happy Day 1 ' - They had no need to toil like the yriads who .worked below them, upon whom they looked- with contempt. Horace had a splendid salary, Flora was to have a -fine' dowry, for John Sinclair had made more in the year after the breaking out of the diggings than he bad all his ; life. His .sheep and cattle, veiy -nominal in price before, had been sold at,almost their price, in gold, his horses valuable as great racers, hie fann ' produce . almost prioeless— cabbages l^ad teen sold. at five shillings per liead, butter, at ten. shillings per pound; milk,- at five shillings per quart. From a family well-to-do - man, he had' risen to the position of a wealthy taag' J nate. '.-•••• '•-'•-; ' v' • . It needs few woi^ 'W deMiibe what occurred sincejHib fflBrte^fdl'bn Part'!:; 1 changes. " Nb^hing; had ^berai lieard of. Percy after his sudden' disappe , . that fateful .nighit. of ffte boll. .. He had vanished like a dream, and though every effort had been made tpobtaininformation: aboutbim, inquiries were in vain. There was a sorrowful .regret for bis fate inevery heart , but still;eveiyone hop^ that he wbiild ere long turn up, 'like the irodigal son.- «Few spoke of him xioty; jld§», -irf few hPartswasiiis fWMI^' i&bept; in 'JJiat ,bf Ms poqrmotHeri 1 ' ^e; {who>: jlov&d; her youngest sol deephr, W&'^/moume^forTim.d^^y day— the brigh^ fapej ^e 'beejniiiig .eyfis, ,the brown cjjrls ; ; i ttoughpttt. ;the, da.j; a vanished preiseriptj seemed to walk, invisible by her side; at nighi she pondered onbis fete, and, praying for him. to ^ yearned for his retum. - Ah ! love is wonderful, passing earth, t,..«;?• . Mr. Sinclair i-egre' the hasfywbrds'thk^ ibutthen the cares,' his cares. He was buying up stations in the back districts, conscious that as settlement progressed, Silverwater Station would be gradually taken from him, save what he oouldpurchase under the corrupt land laws. He had despatched Frank with Hector McLean to Moreton Bay, where the two .young fellows bad taken up a block of land as large as a continental kmgdom, on the banks of a newly discovered river, wherein the scared alligator cowered, astonished at the new state of things, but eventually pleased when be came to comprehend that young lambs, who unwarily approached too near to his haunts, were more succulent tit-bits and better than the tough black-fellows, who had hitherto formed the only variation of his diet. [To be continued.) 