ADELAIDE AND LONDON TELEGRAMS. ' ' London/Jan .'2fl. The Porto'liaa anuounced its intention to in troduce of its own freewill the reforms de manded. , . f-r : Replying to a ;fQrawali) ftddr'esa/ Sir Henry Billot, the British Ambassador to* Constant!' noplo, expressed a firm belie! in the 'future of Turkey. cc'UF Mldliat Pttolm, the Turkish Grand Vizier,;lias sont a despatoh .inviting. PrincoI^ilan^.ofSorvla and Prlnoo Nikita "of .Montenegro,,,to, fit.once negotiate a pease,. i -!?"'! . Mr. O-lddsibno; .in a^peooly aVTau^tpn,,main tained the charges' against the'1 abominable Turkish rtyime, and iusisted 'on England's re spdhsibiliiy.' Turkey had violated arid destroyed tlio treaty of 1850, which was no longer biuduig. He repelled! the suspicions < of Russia,- and con cluded by un eloquent appeal to the English people to do their duty. < Wheat is ^unchanged. { i t ; t ". 'Oo^per;-'Wallaroo,3 £83; Burra, j680.:' 1 Tin.--Australian, £73 10s. \\.l «. : ... New York, Jan. 27. Congress has adopted the plan proposed by the committee to. .refer , the question of Presi dential elections $p|a«tribunal composed of :meinbers of the Suprame Oourt and,both Houses 'ofOougreft? : ' *? NEMESIS has (followed, in the footsteps of Joseph Batemaiij late: of Horsham, formerly of Mount- Gatnbier, veterinary surgeon, barber, &o.; : Sorao months ago, it will be remembered, he absconded from Horsham on tho issue of a warrant for his arrest for robbing a man, whom he found on the road with bothjlus 'legs broken, of a large sum of money, The polico searched for him in Victoria^ and Few South Wales, but lie eluded their vigilance j but on his tuniing up in Adelaide last week ho was arrested, At the Police Court iu that city on January 24 ho pleaded guilty to being tlie person for whom a warrant for apprehension had been received from the Melbourne dfctective authorities on the "aforesaid charge. Superintendent Petorswald asked for a remand of one week which was granted. He will be remanded to Horsham. : DOONEK'S PANTEOUNATHEOA. - Mr. 0. Dooner advertises that ho intends visiting Mount Gambierwith his panteohnatheoa next week, It will be exhibited in the Oddfellows' Hall on February 0 and 10, ; ' DENTISTRY.-Mr. 0. Fawssett is announced to be in attendance at Mr. Poyntz's to-day. LVNAOY.-On Wednesday, , at th6 Mount Gambler1 Police Court, a mart/named James Donaldson, who was sent" from Millicent, was brought up on a eliargo of being of unsound miud and. not under proper control. As Dr. Jackson was not quite certain' as* to his' state, 'the'Justices/'MCSBTS. Doughty and Barrett, remanded prisoner for further medical examina tion and .treatment. : ?, . m iInstitute.tt-A meeting of the trustees,of the Mount Gambier Institute was held on Thursday oveuing, when- Messrs. Davison (iu tho chair), Lord, and Turnbull wero nresent. An applica tion from Dr. Water for tuo uso of tho Hall for evening classes was granted on the usual terms. It was resolved that tenders should bo called for the erection of a fence round tho Institute pro perty. Mr. Bolto offered to prepare plans and specifications for tho fence. A pumbey of new wei'o yurcliiwyd. WE regret to hear that the Rev. D. McCalman, of Narracoorte, was so seriously indisposed as to be unable to conduct the services of the Presby- terian Church of that place last Sunday. He is suffering from an attack of pleurisy, and though getting well over it, is not likely to be fit for duty for some short time yet. Tun WESLEYAN CONFERENCE, - At the meeting of this body in Adelaide last Monday a largo number of lay delegates were present, be ing the first occasion on which such an oloment had been admitted to a'sh are In the deliberations of Conference. Mr. J. Cock represented Mount Gambior, and Mr, Inglis Narracoorte. A lively discussion took placo as to whether tho proceed ings Bhould bo open to tho public, and after deciding against it at the morning sittings, in tho evening an overwhelming majority pro nounced in xavor of it," Tho othor busincs swas of a i't;nnal cliaraotca', The Hon, JV Coltou presented .tin Invitation front-Mrs-, Golfou to tho members of tho Conferoiico and thoir wives, which It was resolved courteously to accept eo fttP.aa other, engagements :woulu permit. COUNCIL OF EDUCATION,-At tho meeting of the Council on January 20, Mr,' James Greenlees, national schoohnastaiv at Penola, was granted leave to open anevening school in his own residence. He said ho had accommoda tion for 20 scholars, Henry Linn, District Clerk,. Port MacDonnell, wrote stating that it was intended to transfer tho Port MaoDonnoll and the Kingsley school properties to the Coun cil of . Education.': j WE are asked to state that it is tho hole on the;south'side of'the old Oometery. road that tho Corporation have fixed as a receptacle for un objectionable rubbish. . CiuoKET.-^-Ai'hovol cricket 'match-Mount Gambier Club v. Bellringers Company-has been Arranged for Wednesday afternoon 011 the Mount Ckynbier Club ground. It was suggested by thr, Messrs, Lynch, bellringers, who lmvo arranged similar matohes in New Zealand with success. The players-eleven aside-will dross in fanny costume, and all the arrangements at the match as well as the play will be of tho comic sort. Thft band has been engaged, and just before tho piatch will bo driven through the town in state, a carriage containing tho cricketers iu their adopted costumes following. A charge of six Eeiice per head for admission to the ground will e made, and the proceeds will bo devoted to the Mount Gambier Institute and tho Club. Tho Lynch family and company number eight, we be lieve, so that the remainder of the team must con sist of local residents. Should anything arise to necessitate the departure of the Bellringers before Weduesday, their places will be taken by local players, and the match carried ou all the same. ; THE Lynoh Family of Bellringers gave ah entertainment for children in the Institute Hall on Wednesday afternoon. A large number of juveniles attended. In the evening they gave the concluding entertainment of tho series, when a new programme was presented. The Messrs. Lynch were warmly applauded for theirskilful cam panologian musio, Which was in every way as suc cessfully rendorea as in the previous entertain ments. Mr. F, Verten was very good in most of his efforts, especially those of a comic nature, where the ideal Irishman is portrayed. Mr, T, Margetts sang once or twice and was encored. ;The entertainment included several comic duets by tho younger members of tho Lynch family, and concluded with a fiirce entitled "The Ghost in the Pawnshop," which sent the audi ence home in right good: humour. On Thursday i and Friday the Company played at Millioent. They; visit Port MacDonnell on Monday and ^Tuesday." 