PAST AND THE PRESENT OF PROTEST ANTISM IN FRANCE. From its beginning, Protestantism in France has had a checkered and clouded history. Not always has it been sanctified — not always has it drawn its inspiration from the Word of God. Liong anterior to tne itetormation or the 16th century, Anti-Catholic influences were at work. The Bpirit of revolt against Ecclesiastical abuses found frequent expression in song and satire and social and political rebellion before it took its stand on purely moral and scriptural grounds. In time it became more serious and con scientious. In such bold thinkers as Lefevre, of the University of Paris (1512), it had its transition from the theology of the Middle Ages Li J- _£ 1.1 D -f J.2 it Tl « /( l 1 «« bu ifuuii UJ. HUB jaeiurwuLiuii. J.L IS ijOaaione, exclaims Lefevre in the Sorbonne,. "God alone, who, by His grace, justifies unto eternal life. There is a righteousness of our works, and there is a righteousness which is of grace — the one a thing of man's invention, the other coming from God — the one earthly and passing away, the other Divine and everlasting." During the reign of Francis I., the spirit of the Reformation, which found distinct expres- . sion in these words, gathered unto it the sympathy and support, more or less deep and sincere, of princes and poets, of scholars statesmen. It passed thence (1557) to the Court of Marguerite de Yalois, by whom in turn, it was transmitted to the Queen mother of Henry of Navarre. The moulding mind and strong hand of Calvin now appeared. Protestantism assumed a sterner type. ItB adherents and advocates multiplied. It entered into and shaped the politicsof the country, until, under the reign of Francis II. (1560,) it had gained such numbers and strength that it promised to become the religion of the State. Members of the Royal family, as the King of Navarre, his brother the Prince de Condd, the Admiral Coligni and many of the nobility declared for the Reformation. Of the political complications and bloody con flicts that ensued there is not time to speak in detail. On the one band the Catholics, led by the Dukes of Guise and the ambitious and crafty Catherine de Medici, mother of the young King Charles IX., and on the other the Huguenots, led by the Princes of. Bourbon, contended for the supremacy in Church and State. It was an unequal conflict then as it is to-day. The Peace of Saint Germain, in 1570, gave to the exhausted Huguenots guarantees of liberty, for which they had scarcely dared to hope in the hour of their defeat ; but it was only the lull before the more terrible storm. The in famous Catharine plots deeper schemes. They embrace the utter extirmination of the Pro testants of France. Maguerite de Yalois is offered in marriage to Henry of Navarre. The marriage is appointed to take place in the capital, and the leaders of the Reformation and of the Protestant party are invited to Paris to celebrate the nuptials. It was only two years after the singing of the Peace of Saint Germain. J. shall not rehearse the horrors of the 24th of August, 1572 ; but the " massacre of st. bartholomew" jmd its repetition by order of the King in a dozen of the provincial cities failed of their object. Notwithstanding the tens of thousands of victims, and the 'felicitations and rejoicing at Rome, and the "Memorial Medal," and the Tc JDeum sung by order of Pope Gregory XIII., the Protestants were not annihilated, nor was the cause of the Reformation loBt. The Court of Trance only gained infamy by the horrid deed. The. King Charles IX., haunted for ever by ghosts conjured up by his tortured conscience, lived thenceforth a life of misery, and within twe years, died a wretched death, sweating blood at every pore, and exclaiming, "What blood ! what murders ! what evil counsels ! Oh, Lord God pardon me ! have mercy upon me, have mercy !" . The Huguenots now rose in their might, fired with a spirit that had slumbered before. Stimulated by the indignation and sympathy which pervaded all Protestant Europe, especially England and Holland and the reformed States of Germany, and multiplied and strengthened by the very circumstances designed for their destruction, they placed themselves under the leadership of the King of Navarre, whose pro testing sword carved its way to the throne of France. . the edict of nantes, in 1598, secured to the Protestants the fruits of their victories, " full freedom of conscience and all political and religious rights." Would that the freedom, so dearly purchased, had been preserved as a perpetual inheritance ! In her past, her present and her future, Fratace would have had a different history from that which her records unfold ! Twelve years after the issuing of the Edict of Nantes, the King of Navarre, now Henry IV., of France, was assas sinated, and the Protestants were left without a protector. Under his. successor, Louis XIII., their rights were again'attacked. It is the old. story, over again, of which we grow heart-sick. Every influence was brought to bear to destroy the pestilent heresy of a Bible Christianity and suppress the crime of worshipping God in accordance with the dictates of an enlightened judgment and un- S 11 J Tkonntn kmVlAWVT o nf.i irn lettered VUUHU1CUUC» iuiwio, mhuulj y «vvstv persecution — all were tried. The patience and patriotism and fidelity to the government on the part of the Protestants during this period of provocation, and especially during the minority of Louis XIV., are matters of history. But, how poorly did the brilliant monarch reward their fidelity after ascending the throne ! Their churches, little- by little, were crippled. Their General Syned was per manently dissolved. Their privileges were limited, their rights in various ways invaded. Every Jesuitical influence was brought to bear against them — intimidation, bribery, petty persecution, until at last, by the bold revocation of the edict of nantes (1685,) a practical decree of banishment was proclaimed and more than 800,000 Protestants were driven into exile. But the persecutions thatimpoverishedFrance, enriched Germany and England and America. And of all the nations of the earth these three Protestant nations stand forth to-day the acknowledged leaders of independent thought, the champions of civil rights and religious liberty ana the advocates and promoters of the highest type of Christian civilization ; and should they now share with France of their abundance, they would but be giving back of that which they had already from her received. Conspicuously, America has a large indebted ness to acknowledge to France. Many nameB, among the most honoured and trusted of our citizens, are of Hugueuot origin. . Of the seven Presidents who directed the deliberations of the First Congress at Phila delphia during the Revolution, three were of Huguenot parentage. They introduced into all parts of the country important improvements in agriculture, horticulture, and manufactures. In Virginia their flourishing farms were the wonder "of the State. In South Carolina they established magnificent plantations, carrying fttvf.vinv fvia miilhprw fitirl fhn aiiva tlmtr-mn/ln their homes iu New England and New York, in the Middle and the Southern States, and were everywhere conspicuous for their activity and thrift, for their elegance "of manners, for their severe morality and generous charity. Almost without exception they were persons of superior social standing and good education, yet accus tomed to the reverses of fortune and the burdens of toil. And with Buch qualities and character istics the exiled came, when America was young, and infused into the youthful veins and forming character of the nation, manliness and strength, conscientiousness, integrity and endurance, — to-day the noblest and most hopeful elements of our national life. It is safe to" say, that, in proportion to their numbers no one class of our population has contributed so largely to the social refinement, the intellectual progress and the general prosperity of the United States of America as the Protestant exiles of France. After the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes the cause of the Reformation was completely broken. Intolerance and persecution did their work so thoroughly that it was believed that Protestantism in France was dead. But it was not dead, it only slumbered. With the Revolution of 1798, the rights of citizenship were restored and Protestants were again permitted to profess their faith and live in their own country. Many of the exiled now returned. The few who had remained true, through all the storms, serving their God in secret and training their households in the faith, came forth from their hiding places into the day ; while a still larger number, who had sheltered themselves, for the time, iu the bosom of the persecuting Church, because they had not the grace or courage to suffer for their faith, now that the immediate danger was over, declared they were never Romanists at heart, and ranked themselves with the revivincr Church.— Address of the Rev. E. W. Hitchcock,' American Missionary Society in Paris. How to Produce a Fine Polish on Shirt BosoMs.T-If you wish a fine polish on your shirt bosoms, add to your starch when it is boiling one teaspoonful of kerosene to about a quart of starch. You will never have any oocasion to complain of the stickiness which is very often a great cause of annoyance to persons when ironing. 