BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. Second Day— THUKSDAy, Makch 1. Very deep and general regret was expressed at the absence of the Bev. J. Hancock through illness, and the following resolution of sym pathy was passed : — ' That we deeply regret to find that through personal affliction the place of our dear Brother Hancock is vacant at this Conference. We record our brotherly sympathy with him in his severe illness, and we pray that he may be graciously sustained under the great trial through which God has called him to pass, and if . it be the Divine will we sincerely hope he may be speedily restored to the Ministry he has so greatly honored and served with such fidelity. We also add our expression of sym pathy with Mrs. Hancock and family, and for their Bakes we pray that the cloud that has settled around their home may 'be speedily dispersed.' *' The Rev. J. Bowe, from the Victorian Dis trict, was introduced to the meeting, and a most hearty reception accorded him. He read letter of friendly greeting from the Victorian District Meeting to the Conference, and also presented a copy of the minutes of the Victo rian District Meeting. The Bev. J. Orchard, of Ballarat, also a visitor from the sister colony, was introduced, and heartily welcomed. The following resolution wae_adopted by the meeting : — w That the thanks of the Conference are due and are hereby presented to the Bev. Thomas Hillman, for Ms able and suitable sermon to the Conferencey and that he be re quested to allow it to be published in the magazine.' A considerable amount of time was spent i& considering the constitution of the Conference, as adopted by the English Conference, it having been altered in some important particulars .from that adopted 'by the District- Meeting of 1877- Several alterations were approved by the meeting, and the English Conference was asked to confirm them. ? ??? The Peesident informed the meeting that he had received communications from several re presentatives of other churches, intimating their desire to convey their friendly greetings to the Bible Christian Conference. It was resolved that they be received on Monday morning a,t 11 o'clock. The Bev. J. Bowe having expressed a desire to be transferred from the Victorian District to tMs Conference, a resolution was passed that he be cordially received on the conditions laid down by the English Conference. The Eev. J. A. Burns having completed his four years' probation came up for his final ex amination, and the following resolution was most unanimously passed: — 'That having heard the certificate read from the Biverton Quarterly Meeting, the resolution of the Koo ringa District Meeting, and the report of the Col lege Committee, and having witnessed his com mendable bearing during the years of hisproba tion, we have the greatest pleasure in receiving Bro. J. A: Burns into full connexion ; and we trust he will realise the promise of the past by showing himself a workman that needeth not to loe ashamed — a good minister of Jesus Christ.' In the evening a service was held in connec tion with the ordination of the Bev. J. A. Burns. The attendance was larger than usual. The meeting was opened by the President giving oufrthe first hymn and the_ Bev. J. Bock en gaging in prayer. The President then stated the object of the meeting, and called upon Mr. Burns to speak to the three following points :— His conversion to God, his Christian experience, and his call to the work of the ministry. On rising to speak Mr. Burns said that he felt that to be the most solemn moment of his life— the time of his public recognition as an accredited minister of the Gospel. When about six years of age he was brought to God in the great revival at the Burra. He had abundant reason to blessGod for the instructions of a, godly mother. He could distinctly remember deep impressions received under the preaching of the Gospel and while attending the Sunday-school. And. ill a conscious enjoyment of: the Divine favor he could rejoice in the fact that through Bible Christian influence he had been led to Christ. He had no doubt that he had been moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon himself . the ministry of the Word, and in unfaltering confidence in God, and unceasing love . to the Church of his choice, he hoped to. live and die a Bible Christian minister. ? . ' The Bev. T. Hhxmait, in a brief speech, moved the reception of Mr. Burns. He did this on the ground that he fully and firmly : believed the statements made by Mr. Burns; and having the. fullest confidence in his piety ^,nd .abilities, he could, therefore, with 'the utmost pleasure, move his reception into full connection. The Bev.J. Teewik seconded the resolution^ He had been thinking of the marvellous work ings of Providence in raising up young men -for the work of the ministry. It was a time for rejoicing. There was often more difficulty ex perienced in obtaining efficient ministers than in tlie supply of men for the secular engage ments of life. : He most cheerfully and heartily seconded the resolution. - . : , The Eev. J. Way then offered the ordination prayer. f After singing, the Pbesident proceeded to deliver the charge. He said the relations . wMch exist between myself and you are such as never existed before, and can never exist again. He congratulated Mr. Burns on his position.: For four years as a probationer he had been laboring among the Churches, and they had; generally approved of his conduct, and Hence his present position. He had now left secular wqrk, and his life was henceforth to be totally devoted to the sacred work of A minister of Jesus- Christ. He was not a priest— the priest was a thing of the past. He was a .man among men, and his work was to lead nien to Christ. The minister must be pre- eminently a spiritual teacher. We have no ritual, and therefore have the more need of the highest spiritual teaching. Various «hurch matters would claim Ms attention, 'but the Mghest object of his life - ' should be to preach Christ taid save souls. 'In thfe prosecution of this work there : 'were three T sources of' knowledge— -the Bible, the Universe, and Human Nature; The Bible must be studied arid its hidden spiritual 'meaning elicited. This is the 'minister's book. The Universe— Mature must be studied ; crea tion and inspiration beautifully harmonised. ; Nature ,was; a great fountain of; information; Human Nature 1 inust be 'studied, and the minister's work waB to lift -up, to ennoble and ' bless humanity.; To meet:the various. wantsr of congregations intellect and heart alike must be * cultivated.' A pure ?heart and vigorous piety linked to a holy' and- blameless1 life 'would -be productive of the Mghest and best results. The -Bev. J:;Trewin offered pray fer, and the nieeiang ;closed..ri; ' ; '?'?'? -'-?'? - -~; ? '? '??? ' - '? '??'? ' ; ;f; 