ENGLISH SPORTING. Sporting circles were exceedingly quiet when the February mail closed in England. Small steeplechase and hurdle race, fixtures constituted the whole of the business that was being done. The Little Steeplechase Meeting at fSltham was held on Monday and Tuesday, the 29th and 30th January. As the weather was fine on the first day there was a considerable attendance; but Londoners woke to see a very great change on the next-something more like the season and so it fell off to about one-half. Mr. Cart wright's Condray wen the Hunters' Steeple chase, Mr. Bracket's Swift the Selling Hurdle Bace. Mr. Billinghuxst's Mainmast the Belmont Hurdle Handicap, Mr. Greenwood's 'Edward the King John Selling Handicap Steeplechase, the Duke of Montrose's Labryinth the Maiden Hurdle Stakes, and Mr. Gavacan's Moortown the Eltham Handicap Hurdle Bace. On the second day, Mr. Thornton's Hawkhead won the Hunters' Flat Bace, and Mr. Quartley's Napolitaine the Selling Hurdle Plate. The GhMehurst Selling Handicap Steeplechase was won.by Mr. Poole's Dunois, and the Woolwich Handicap Hurdle by Mr. W. Harris's Bailiff. The Maiden Steeplechase Plate fell to Mr. Nightingall's Glaucus, and the Middle Park Hurdle Bace to Mr. W. .Burton's gelding by Marsyas. The fields were small. The English sporting papers report the French race meeting at Nice on the 28th January, when .the Grand Prix de Mondes was won by Baron Finofs Blairette, beating eight others, and the Hurdle Bace by Mr. H. Gibson's Macaron. t The teetotallers In England seem to be gain ing ground in their crusade against those who 'imbibe intoxicating liquors, and have been able to induce the Magistrates of West Drayton not to grant a licence for the sale of liquors at the West Drayton Bace Meeting. " Augur" of the Sporting Life, who of course writes on the other side, says:-"West Drayton in future will be .regarded as historic ground, and be held up for pity as an instance of the mock liberty of the land we live in. One by one our constitutional :rights as free men are being trampled _ under foot, and it is now -actually proposed in a con temporary that Government should have the . power of licensing a race meeting in like manner : . to a dancing saloon. It will be a dangerous step to take, I think, as well as of doubtful benefit, and one still further illustrative of how ? practically unjust is that law which boasts of : being alike for poor and rich." The meeting took place on the 1st and 2nd February, and the fields were remarkably small. Mr. Billinghurst's -Mainmast won the Maiden Hurdle Race, and the same gentleman's Beform walked over for the Hunters' Flat Bace after a deadheat with Mr. Cartwright's Condray. Mr. Bracher's Swift won the Selling Hurdle Bace, Mr. Cartwright'-s -Condray the Hunters' Hurdle Bace, Mr. Winfield's Peep o' Day the West Drayton Hurdle Bace, and Mr. Davis's Bowland the Maiden Hunters' Flat Bace, on the first day. On the second the Middlesex Hurdle Handicap was won by Peep o' Day, the Hunters' Hurdle Bace by Bowland, the Selling Hurdles by Mr. A. Yates's Peggy, the Hunters' Flat Bace by Mr. A. Yate^ Joyeuse, and the Selling Hurdle Stakes -by Peggy 'The Birmingham Steeplechases and Hurdle Baces, which usually open the principal part of the Steeplechase and Hurdle Bace seq^on, began on February 6. It has very often been neces sary to postpone this fixture, owing to the rough winter weather of February; but this year that month was very mild, and did not spoil sport. Mentioning the principal events of the meeting, the Duke of. Montrose's Labyrinth won the Maiden Hurdle Bace, beating Lalage and Bouge mont. .TheErdington Steeplechase Plate was won by Mr. Fitzroy's Chilblain, who started the favourite. The Hunt CupSteepIechase was won by Mr. Warner's Inezj- beating a large field, and started almost as an outsider. Mr. J. Hefford' Verity carried off the Elmdon Hurdle Handicap, beating some good company. In the Birming ham Annual Handicap Steeplechase Mr. A. Crofton's Abdallah was the victor, Mr. Percival's Sparrow taking the second place, with Mr. Howein's Lady Christiana third. Chilblain had another triumph in the Paget Plate. The fields were small for the minor events. The Croydon Steeplechase and Hurdle Bace Meeting was held on Tuesday and Wednesday, 13th and 14th February. The Maiden Hurdle" Bace was won by Mr. T. V. Morgan's Gilestone. Mr. H. Hobson's Peter Simple, by Plutus from All Black, was the winner of the Steeplechase Sweepstakes, only three others starting. The Spring Handicap Hurdle Race fell to Sir J. D. Astley's Bridget^ by Hermit from Bertha, out of a field of 14. Mr. J. Percival's Bougemont won the Selling Hurdle Bace, and Mr. Fitzroy's II -Zingara the Hunters', Flat Bace. The ?weather was so very wet on ?the Tuesday that people were drenched, and the attendance on the following day consequently fell off. The Steeplechase was won by Mr. G. T. Doltson's Adieu. . and the Croydon First Spring Steeplechase by Mr. J. Winfield's Birdcatcher, beating amongst others Austerlitz, the winner of the Grand National. Thinskin won the Selling Hunters' Flat Bace, and Mr. H. Hobson's Peter Simple the Addis combe Steeple chase, Mr. E. W. Taylor's Bed Huntsman winning-the Handicap Hurdle Bace. The acceptances were made for several of the principal Spring Handicaps early in February. Twenty-eight have paid up for the Newmirkefc Handicap of the Newmarket Craven Meeting, in which Boseberry heads the list with 9 st. 7 lbs., Lord. Gowran being allotted 8 st. 3 lbs., Colteess 7 fit. 13 lbs., and Enguerrande 7 st. 12 lbs. Eighty-eight have accepted in the City and Suburban. The top weight is 9 st. 2 lbs., carried by Controversy, and The Ghost, a five- year-old, at 7 st. 7 lbs., was in favour when the mail closed. Boseberry has the place of honour in the "Great Metropolitan, in which there are 3(3 contents; and 42 have accepted for the Great Surrey Handicap, with -41 for the Prince of Wales Stakes. The Chester Cup has retained a large proportion of its nominations, 60 haviag accepted. |. The Bromley Spring Steeplechase and Hurdle Races were held -on Thursday and Friday, Feb ruary 15 and 16. Accouuts are only to the end of the first day.- Mr. J. Shrimpton's Helen Mar won the Hunters' Flat Bace in a canter. Mr. C. Connors Lord Eldon and Sir. J. Nightingall's Chief Banger ran very close for the Bromley Hurdle Handicap prize, the former winning by a neck. Mr. Cartright's Edward won the Selling Steeplechase, Lord M. Beresford's Inchiape the Selliug Hurdle Stakes, and Mr. C. S. Haiford's Great Eastern the Hunters' Steeplechase Plate. The principal race of the meeting -the Bailw iy Steeplechase-was declared void owing to in sufficient entries. 