NOTES BY A PEREGRINATOR. ' A TiiouonTPCTt wayfarer may find food for reflection in the present condition of agricul ture and farming Btook in tho southern districts. Tho severity of tho drought has fallen heaviest upon tbp country,, lying botweon tho Main Rango and the coast. This area is not the only ono which lies aridly undor the glaro of sun districts havo suffered, bnt less severely.' All over tho TJppnr Logan rind West Moroton tho prolonged absence of rain is causingadeplorablo stagnation of farming operations and heavy lossos in stock. A fow jourhoys about tho country enable a man to realise, by ocular ovi dence, tho terrible Bovority of tho calamity which now threatens theab districts. Duty, or inclination, has lately led mo over tho hills and plains. Ruralising ia delectable enough under favourable conditions ; any good naturcd man will enjoy himself amid country scenes if neither work nor carb bo pressing, and nature bo clad in the enchanting robes of verdure. But just tho lack of fresh verdure has a withering effect on the traveller's feelings. Driving is an exerciso which doos not require either manual or' mental exertion. Givo an observant man a roliablo nag, and ho may look about him as ho progresses on his journey. Nature has always ' something' to prusont .worthy of his notico; and man's methods of dealing with nature aro full of interest. Boad makinff is, for instance, a common and fruitful topic for reflection by a lone traveller, or for discussion when men travel iii company. Men talk a groat ;dpal.'of. bunkum about road making. Ab soon as a dozon settlors locate in an out-of-the-way place they oxpect a road to bo made to their doors by Bbms magical procoss of pfficial legerdemain. All the numerous inter secting arid branching roads of anew country cannot be formed in a year. If tjie labour wore available, tho money for wages is hot. I'think th» colony as a whole has dono wonders in thb matter of road making. But to my unscien tific eye it does sometimes look as if tho money which is expended is not laid out to the vory best advantage, nor on tho worst :parts of tho roads^'I havo travelled over many hundreds 'of miles of Queensland roads, and , I think a marvellous amonnt of work has been d6ne in a comparatively short time.' But thero aro dofocts here and there. For instance, along tho War wick road;1 leading froih Ipswich through tho 'Roservfe/nia Peak Mountain sohool aiid Milora, 1all the culverts have' beon constructed on trie-'plan of laying the1 floor in a parallel lino !(with 'the' road instead of transversely ; tho :rosnlt is that on several of the culverts between Ohurchill and tho Peak Mountain Hotel, there nro gaps in whioh a buprgy wheol miijhfc easilv be. completely locked ; tho openings aro just large enough for. the wheel of. a light vehicle; once in, .there wonld be little chance of escape without an accident. Nearly all tho culverts' lalbng-' this: road' require immediate attention ; .'inVthe ^meantime, any driver:'who.may bo overtaken by darkness: must) he careful that ho does not got a wheol wrenchod off. The same plan of laying tho timber,leni;thwi8e.pn.tho line \of ''the.', road prevailed on tjie Toowoomba road. ' I never saw it except; in tho Ipswich district; I hope never to see it again. It is a bad and dangerous system, for the hardest wood will sooner or lator either decay or woar out, and then the peril bogins. Considerable improvements navo Deen mado on this.. road during tho last two years. I would suggest that the next Bconeof operations bo on tho Sand-hill, nftor turning tho cornor of ? Green's paddock. This is a vilo stretch of road in either wet or dry weathor. What a wretohed bit of country it passes through! But ono soon reaches the moro fortilo black soil. As tho traveller proceeds ho passes tho ruins of houses which havo a most incongruous look in a aro mostly tho dilapidated homcateada of workpd-put cotton-growora, Nev.er.did proteo-: tion pro vo1 'a completer 'failure' tMan whon its gonerous usgis was thrown over tho cotton in '?dustrvj1 ': ??? '' ' ' '*''-1 {'.' !? At tho present -moment the fertile, land on this lino ;of. road, is drear and; desolate. Tho grass is brown, flavourless,' and devoid of succuloncy and n,utr;tion, Tho weo patches of cultivation are 'sparsely' covored with a stunted growth- -of usiokly -verdure. -''Novor able to dovelop into stature fit for a scythe-swath, tho .B.tarvinff/yaHle have beon turned. in to crop it' off as temporary horbage. Tho farms, whioh nro mainly occupied as dairy pasturages, are ' brown and baro as the highway. Waterholos are exhausted. Languid cows drag their fiosh less and lanky bodies about in painful offorto to discover a tuft of orisp horbajro. I marvel at the tonaoity with which tho subtle life-force is. held, within thoso, attenuated framos by tlio ' tough and_ shrnrikon ''hides. Now and then I pass a dairyman's mob of stock whoso listlesj.lbcomotiori donates a'meek andlbthargie submission to the, inevitable, which convoys tho improisipn. that, those somnolent, cattlo havo an, overpowering conviotion that thoro ia no appeal, against fate. Already, many. of them look asi if thoy' wero fully prepared to lio down and ? give nip the ghost, regardless of what might bo tho noxt phaso iu tho transmigration of thoir psyohologicaHdentitios. ; iOn enquiry, I learn that these ntrollora havo daUy; to.perfornv thoir 'slow and solomn march of seyoral mile? to a watering- place. . In soirib casoa, in different parts of West Moroton, a' daily itiriorarfoy of four, uix, and, in not a fow casea.'.eigbt miles, has to bo. accomplished iby miserablo cattle, just to get a drink. There is only ono thing moro irritating ,7to an industrious man titan' forced inactivity at a timo when a season's labour of tillago must' bo dono' or lost; that other thing is, tbo loss of labour, and Beed too, whon tho anticipated harvest mocks offort nnd Jiopo by its smallnosa. (Butiif, whilo the young whrat and barley dwindle ? af tor reaching a growtli of ii few inchoa.'thb induratod soil offers a stubborn feBistanco to tho sharpened ploughulinio, who1 can wonder 'if thb bafllod farmer declaim against anuunkindly cliuiato and an ndverso fiitoP But is tho presont disaster to bn: wholly dobited ..to/tho account of aii unaccommodating 'climate f I do not think bo. I luarn also that many bi tho-farinors arp dosirous ^hat; the Government or tho parsons should appoint a day of humiliation nnd prayor. I ronpoot tho rolifridus' sentiments which induce tho desiio ; but I suspect there ia somo selfish nesa mixed up with tbo motivo. Pooplo havo no right to dppend ;upon, ; /Rivino /.power for what thoy can do for thomsolves. Iadmit they thoy cannot control natural laws, but thoy have tho power to utiliuo natural rcsourcoa for thoir own benefit. In tho first place tho farmors should reoog: nise the fact that in this colony they proseoute tBir-w6rk'under'totaUyd^erbnt'olirnatia:b6fi.-:' ditions to thoso under which Bimilar work ib dono in Great Britain. Wo are liable to greater extromes of rain or drought. /This fact should influence operations. Drought is not the rulo, but plenty of rain is. If, during tbo abundance of rain a yoar ago, amplo rosorvoira had retained somo of tho Burplus wator, wo should havo had lesu complaining now. Tlio samo eeonomio rulo applies to forngo. Thero is not ono farmer ,in ten who Btorcs a stuck of hay. for a possiblo time of scarcity. So long as meu neglect tho simplest conditions of selfprotec tion thoy havo no right to fret and murmur when visited by tho effects of thoir own nogli gonce. It niuBt also bo taken into considera tion that nearly every dairy farmer hns doublo orirobiptho number of cattle which hia land is capablo of sustaining, oxcopt in a timo of abundant nutural cultivated horbago and fodder. If it' bo truo that ' God helps thoso who ,help theinsolves,' .there is a daugor of Divino help being withheld at this trying juncture. In any case I hope the furmors will occupy a little of their forced loisuro in making dams against tho rain does como, but oven in this respect I see, near Milora, tho Go vernment has been generously doing ?this sort of work for tho farmers. What? How paternally kind Govornmont is ! It not only makes roads, but is required nlso to make reservoirs for storing wator. for tho conve nience of formers. Well did bluff Pam Bay the otbor day, in tho Assembly, that ' peoplo aro so accustomod to Government assistanco tbat thoy could not get on without it.' I passed Bluo Mountain Crossing. A good deal has been said in tho lottors of cor respondents to papers about tho progress of this 'place. Woll, it has progreased— somo ! : Ithas an extra slab store and anew public-lionso ; b'ut, Beeing that there was a ' pub' not moro than a mile, or a mile and , a-half away, I do not see the need for the , second. I; suppose thoro must bo Romo pppula- , tion not far off, for the two publicans and tho two storekeepers could not live on each other's custom. And Mr. Whitehead must gather a few youngsters to the State School, or his ,oc-. cupation thore would soon tormiuatb. I could SCO hut two or three houses besides the publio houses and tho stores. There is also a neat little church belonging to the Congregational body. What an amount of agitation has gonp on around bore respecting tho site of the pro posed railway station. . Thero is nothing liko having time by the forolock, but I fear ''the agitation will tiro out the agitators before itbo railway is made ; but any source of excitement must bo welcomo amid this rural quiet., Speaking of tlio railway reminds me of ajooular. remark made by one of tho oldest settlera at Milora. Ho has a nico garden and orbha'r'd — the best, ho Bays in the neighbourhood ; so- tho surveyors marked the line .directly, through it. I beliovo thoro was some fruit on the tree's at the timo of survey,. — The Week.-. 