INDUCTION SERVICES AT CAMPBELL TOWN. On Tuesday last the Presbytery of Tasmania met in St. Andrew's Church, Campbell Town, for the purpose of setting apart the Rev. John R. Wardrop, MA., to the ministry there, in conjunction with the churc"h at Upper Macquarie. The church in which the services were held is, beyond question, at once the most conspicuous and creditable structure which the Midland "Metropolis" can boast of. Sitting on its gentle eminence as its tall spire rises so grace fully out of the empowering trees, which surround the well-kept grounds in which the church stands, it is one of the first objects which arrests the eye of the traveller whether by road or rail. It is a worthy monument no less of the liberality of those who feared it, than of the commendable pride which the numerous and wealthy Scotch settlers have ever taken in the "auld kirk," endeared by the many stirring and pathetic memories of other times. It was built for Dr. Turnbull, who, after the manner of colonial days, had a diocese for a parish, which, we suppose, suggested the idea of erecting in its centre a miniature cathedral. For several years the charge was collegiate. On the retirement of the senior pastor, the Rev. Alex. Michie was left in sole charge of the extensive parish. His health proved unequal to the demands made upon it, and in intention, which had long been entertained, was at length carried into effect, and two charges were in July, 1876, created. Mr, Michie continues with the mother church at Kirklands, to which is joined the charge of Esk Vale. After a vacancy of several months, the Rev. Mr. Wardrop was induced to visit Campbell Town, and at once secured the good-will and affection of his future dock. The enthusiasm which young and old manifested on Tuesday last very fully demonstrated this. The service was announced for half-past 2o'clockp.m., and punctual to time the Moderator of Presbytery, Rev. Henry Budge, of Launceston, ascended the pulpit and engaged in prayer, the procedure usual in Presbyterian churches having been attended to the Moderator chose for his text Exodus, 3rd chap., 14th verse, "And God said unto Moses, I am that I am and he said, Thus shall thou say unto the children of Israel, I am hath sent me unto you." From these words he gave a sermon, abounding in earnest and appropriate observations. The space at our command limits us to mere outline of the eloquent discourse. The following is the substance of what was said c-The being and attributes of God furnish the ground of assurance to the church. Real happiness is found in the enjoy- ment of God, to possess it we must have correct views of his character. Hence the importance that all religious teaching should give clearly what he himself makes known in the terms of the text, " I amthat I am, say unto them I am hath sent theo." Moses knew that a description of God's infinite character was impossible, hence the question " what shall I say Say I am that I am, independent, self-existent, eternal : I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob by the name of God Almighty ; the name most appropriate when claiming the confidence of his people. Now that he renewed his promise to them by Moses, He saith I am, that I am, Jehovah, signifying an uncharitableness, I always am that is your security in going, and Israel's in receiving you. When God speaks of Himself He goes out of our common method, and expresses Himself in a manner peculiar to Himself He need not say either to congregations for their pastors, I am your light, your strength, your wisdom, I am. He sets as it were His hand to a blank, that they might write under it whatever they please that is good for them. What keeps from danger? I am. What fits for service ? I am and that you may know that it is always so, I am, that I am. God appeared to Moses, and said, Say unto them I can hath sent thee. Jesus appeared to Paul and said, I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness, both of these things which thou hast seen, and those things in which I will appear unto thee and being thus sent our duty is to seek to enter into the secrets of the Most High, to penetrate into the meaning of the Word of God, that we may unfold it to the multitude in language plain, simple and pointed, pleading the love, thundering the law, enforcing the history, with no faint or languid voice, but as if it came forth from a heart in which truth is engrafted, then will preacher and people rejoice together. At the close of the sermon the Rev. ALEXANDER MICHIE narrated the steps," or in other words gave a brief outline of the circumstances connected with Mr. Wardrop's settlement. He then put the " questions" appointed by the laws of the church, first to the congregation, and then to the pastor elect. These having been answered satisfactorily, the moderator offered the " induction" prayer. Thereafter the Presbytery gave him the right hand of fellowship, and Mr. Wardrop was formally admitted to the oversight of the United Parishes of Campbell Town and Upper Macquarie. Agreeably to announcement, the Rev. JoSF.ru BLACK, of Bothwell, entered the pulpit and addressed the minister and people as follows My dear Brother, It has fallen to me to remind you that this is a most important day in your life. It is no light matter to be placed over a people as their pastor. In accepting the highest of all offices, you accept very high responsibilities and duties. And for the conscientious discharge of these special gifts and graces are needed. But when you are ready to say who is sufficient for these things!" you have the gracious answer of the master, "My grace is sufficient for thee." You are yourself well acquainted with the duties of that pastoral office to which God in His providence has called you. And, assuming that the gospel which you have been called to preach, has an elevating and purifying influence on your own life and character, I shall confine myself in now addressing you to refer to a Christian minister's first duty. To preach the Gospel of Christ is your first duty. To this great work Christ called the twelve, saying to them, "Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men : " " Go ye and teach all nations, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." Therefore, to this work of preaching the Gospel you are to give yourself, and to apply the talents with which the great Head of the Church has endowed you. This is your primary work, to which all other duties pertaining to the Christian ministry are subordinate. Preaching is the great instrumentality appointed by the Saviour for the salvation of man. " It pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe." " The preaching of the Cross is to them that perish foolishness, but to us who are saved, it is the power of God." " Woe is unto me," said Paul, " if I preach not the Gospel." I need not remind you that the great subject of your preaching must be Christ. Paul announced the great subject of his preaching when he said, "We preach Christ, warning every man in all wisdom, that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus." I have determined, " he said again, " not to make known anything among them save Jesus Christ and Him crucified." Like the Sacred Scriptures, which we are enjoined to search, our preaching should always testify of Christ In our preaching, therefore, let Christ to our favourite thorne, for " there is salvation in none other." " I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men (into me." In our preaching, Christ should be constantly lifted up. Sin-stricken humanity stands in constant need of Christ, who paying all says, " Come unto me all ye that labour and are heavy laden and I will give you rest." And let me further remind you, that the great end you are to have in view in constantly preaching Christ is, the Salvation of your hearers. "Let him know that he who converteth a sinner from the error of his way, shall save a soul from death, and hide a multitude of sins." " He that winneth souls is wise." " They that turn many to righteousness shall shine as the stars for ever and ever." In preaching Christ to-your fellow men do not shun to declare the whole counsel of God. Let your hands be clean of the blood of all men. Be not tempted to prophesy smooth things. In our preaching we must follow the example of the master, who was not only a preacher of grace, but a preacher of wrath, warning men to escape that outer darkness where there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, that everlasting fire that was prepared for the devil and his angels. Should we be tempted to think that by ignoring or explaining away the penal element in the Gospel message, we will commend all the better the Gospel of Christ, we will make a grievous mistake We are bound to warn men of the fearful danger they are in who regret the gospel that is NOW preached. It is salvation now offered that hearers of the Gospel have earnestly got to grapple with and it is no part of our commission to speculate on the chances of salvation hereafter. " Behold now is the accepted time ; behold now is the day of salvation." The Holy Ghost saith-" To-day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your heart. Whether men will hear or whether they will forbear, you must warn men as Paul did in such words as these : " The Lord Jesus shall be revealed from Heaven with His mighty angels, in flaming fire, taking vengeance on them who know not' God, and who obey not the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of His power." "God will render to every man according to his deeds, to them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory, honour and immortality, (He will tender) eternal life ; but unto them that we con- tentious, and obey not the truth but obey unrighteousness (He will render, indignation and wrath, tribulation and anguish upon every son of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile; but glory, honour, and peace to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first and also to the Gentile for there is no respect of persons with God." Every preacher of the gospel should ponder these words addressed by God to the prophet Ezekiel " O son of man, I have set thee a watch- man unto the house of Israel ; therefore thou shalt hear the word at my mouth and worn them from me. When I say unto the wicked, '0 wicked man thou shalt surely die ' ; if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood I will require at thine hand. Nevertheless, if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it if he do not turn from his way he shall die in his iniquity ; but thou hast delivered thy soul." Let me conclude with Cowper's beautiful lines on the " Good -Preacher" Would I describe a preacher such as Paul, where he on earth, would hear, approve, and we. Paul should himself direct me. I would trace Hu master-strokes, and draw from his design. * could express his simple, grave, sincere in doctrine uncorrupt, in language plain, and plain in manner; decent, solemn, chaste, and natural in gesture; much impressed Himself as conscious to his awful charge, and anxious mainly that flock he feeds may feel it too ; affectionate in look, and tender in address, as well becomes a messenger of grace to guilty men." With these remarks, my dear Brother, I wish you all success in the sphere of labour into which you have now been inducted, praying that by the grace of God you may always be a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightfully dividing the word of truth. It is now my duty to address a few words to you, the congregation, K the minister whom you have called and who has now at your request been set over you has its responsibilities and duties to do, certain duties rest upon you. I have been pointing out to your minister that his great duty is to preach the gospel. It is therefore your duty to hear it. Jesus often said, "He that hath ears to hear let him hear." It would be easy to show that Christ intended that men should gather together to hear His word. And that they should hear His word He appointed the office of the ministry. " He gave some apostles, and some evangelists, and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ." Christ then hath appointed a ministry, public preachers of His word, that their fellow-men might leo the same. And if Christ has said that his word shall be heard let no man absent himself from the Christian assembly. "Let us not forsake the assembling of ourselves together as the manner of some is, and so much the more as ye see the day approaching." Hearing the word occupies a high place, for "Faith cometh by hearing." Now seeing that Scripture lays so much stress on the hearing of the Word it remains for congregations to do what they can in fulfilment of this duty. If people but recognised this their duty in its proper light, they would not find so many difficulties and lions in their way to keep them from the house of God I would next point out that it is the duty of hearers of the Word to get others to hear the Word preached. Hearers of the Word make a mistake if they suppose that they are under no obligation to get others to hear the Gospel, and that this duty eloiiRS solely to preachers. The pew has its duty in this respect as well as the pulpit. When will the world be brought to Christ if the pew is idle, and looks to the pulpit for everything to be done ? When will a handful of preachers bring the world within reach of all if they receive no help from those who hear? "Let him that heareth say, Come." One cause of thinly attended churches may be found in this, that hearers are not doing what they can to bring the indifferent and the careless within sound of the Gospel. "Let him that heareth say, Come." Let this duty be complied with, and what a change for the better would overtake many a congregation ! Let hearers of the Gospel do their part as home missionaries. What a change for the better there would be if hearers of the Gospel were to act in the spirit of the woman of Samaria, who hasted to the city and said, "Come, see a man that told me all things that over I did is not this the Christ V" If in our congregations there was found a living, active agency ready to do work for Christ, and readily seconding the efforts of the pulpit, there would be a greater measure of success and satisfaction. The prosperity of congregations depends very much on the Christian efforts of their members over and above what may be done by the pulpit. It is a selfish kind of religion merely to attend church for your own sake and not for the sake also of your neighbours. When a young man come to Moses complaining that Eldad and Medud were prophesying in the camp, what was the reply of the servant of God? "Enviest thou for my sake? Would God that all the Lord's people were prophets, and that the Lord God put His Spirit upon them." What was the commission which Jesus gave to the Gadarene, out of whom He cost a legion of devils ? "Go home to thy friends and tell them how great things the Lord hath done for thee, and hath had compassion on them." "And he departed, and began to publish in Decapolis how great things Jesus had done for him, and all men did marvel. Thus we see that it is the duty of those who get benefit from Christ's Word to do what they can to bring others under its power. Perhaps the complaint may arise that the pulpit has lost its power. There is one way, I think, in which the pulpit may become powerless, and that is when the hearers become powerless. The success of the pulpit depends much on the praycrfulness of the pew. Paul was aware of this, for we find him again and again making the request, " Brethren, pray for us." It ill becomes those, therefore, who pray not for the success of the pulpit to complain that it has lost its power. Let not the prayerless hearer expect to profit under the pulpit ministry. Let him who says that he can get no good from his minister, oak himself whether he prays for his minister that he may be made a blessing to him. " Brethren pray for us " said Paul. And times he, who from the day of his conversion, had so unmistakable proofs of Divine presence, he who had the power of working miracles, he who was caught up into the third heaven, found it needful from time to time to cast himself on the prayers of Christian men and Christian women. The prayers of the hearers are needed still, If Paul, the great Apostle needed their prayers, how much more do ministers of Christ of the present age, who are not inspired, and who are not extraordinarily gifted as he was. If you desire the Christian ministry to be more successful, more powerful, more winning, more edifying, more convincing, more living, pray for it. " Pray for me," said Paul to the Ephesians, that utterance may be given unto me that I may open my mouth boldly to make known the mystery of the Gospel. " You remember how Amalek the enemy of Israel, was overcome. Joshua led the army of Israel against the Amalekites, and Moses with Aaron and Hur went to the top of a hill which overlooked the field of battle. When Moses held up his hands Israel prevailed, and Aaron and Hur held up the hands of Moses till the Amalekites were vanquished. May you, therefore, as a congregation, act like Aaron and Hur and hold up the hands of your minister now set over you, so that by mutual co- opera- tion and sympathy the cause of Christ in your midst may be successful, and victorious over every spiritual Amalek that would seek to destroy the souls of men. " Therefore, my beloved brethren, he ye stedfast, immoveable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, for as much as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord." The very smallest work done for Christ will not lose its reward. It is therefore no profitless labour to do work for Christ. "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem says the Psalmist; they shall prosper that love thee." Prosperity is promised to those who love the cause of God, who love it with that love which shows itself in deeds. If these and kindred duties be fulfilled by minister and people heartily co-operating together, for second tie this day made will be greatly blessed. The interesting services were concluded by sing- ing and prayer. The Moderator having pronounced the benediction, the newly-inducted minister took his place at the door, accompanied by the Rev. J. Scott, clerk of Presbytery, and received the right hand of welcome from the large congregation as the people passed from the church. Thereafter the Presbytery continued its sittings. Mr. Wardrop having signed the formula, his name was added to the roll of Presbytery. ' At the request of the Rev. Mr. Michie, the original Macquarie River session was divided, and Jas. Gibson, Esq., Belle Vue ; William Henry Gibson, Esq., Fairfield ; David Taylor, Esq., St. Johnston and John Taylor, Esq., Winton, wore, with Mr. Michie, constituted a new session for Kirklands and Eskvale At the request of the Rev. John R. Wardrop, Messrs. Duff, Michie, and J. Gibson, along with Hon. J, Maclan.aeh.aii, of Ballochmyle, were constituted an interim session for Campbell Town and Upper Macquarie Rev. J. SCOTT presented a petition on behalf of the Sorell Presbyterian Church, asking the Presbytery to appoint one of their number to moderate in a call on an early day in favour of the Rev. Alex. Doctor, who has been officiating there for several weeks with great acceptance The request was granted, and Mr. Scott was accordingly appointed to preach and preside at a meeting to be held in the Sorell Church at such time as may be found to be most convenient. Final arrangements were made for issuing, on 1st July next, a monthly denominational publication to be called " The Tasmanian Presbyterian Magazine and Missionary Record." The MODERATOR gave a report of visit to and Service at Fingal. Arrangements were made in reference to service at O'Brien's Bridge on the part of the Home Mission Committee The Presbytery separated to meet at Hagley on Thursday, May 10th, at 11 o'clock. INDUCTION AT HAGLEY. The Presbytery of Tasmania again met at Hagley on Thursday, the 10th May, at 11 o'clock a.m., for the induction of Rev. F. T. Jenkins as minister of Hagley and Deloraine. The day was all that could be wished. Before the hour vehicles and visitors came from far and near, so that when the service began the little church was quite crowded with worshippers. The moderator presided, and constituted the Presbytery by prayer in the usual manner. The Rev John R. Wardrop, M.A., as the last in- ducted minister of the Presbytery, preached, taking for his text 2 Timothy, ii. 21. The sermon was both able and extremely appropriate. The Rev J. Scott narrated the steps. In doing so he stated that in the same month of May 1875 many of those who took part in this day's work both ministers and people assembled to set apart the Rev. J. Fair- weather Hill. That ministry so bright with promise, was of the briefest. In less than three months he was taken from them. With two of the brethren he had that morning visited his grave, and viewed the memorial which his people and the brethren of the Presbytery had erected over it. Such a fact filled his own mind, as he was sure it did theirs, with sad and solemn emotions. They had been tried as a people, but now again God in His love was opening their eyes to behold their touched, The "questions" were then put and answered by minister and people. The induction prayer was offered, and Mr. Jenkin received the right hand of welcome from the Presbytery. Thorouftor Rev. Joseph Black, M.A., as at Campbell Town, addressed both Minister and people. After the benediction. Rev. Mr. Jenkin, accompanied by Rev. R. S. Dun, M.A., waited at the door and received the greetings of the people as they retired from the church. THE LUNCHEON, Which was provided by the friends at Hagley, was laid out in a capacious temporary erection near at hand. Nearly 120 sat down to the feast. The friends again repaired to the church, where an AFTER MEETING was held. Rev. F. T. Jenkin took the chair, and addresses suitable to the occasion were delivered by the Moderator, the Clerk, and Mr. Duff. At the request of Mr. Jenkin, Messrs. Duff and Budge were associated with him as an interim session. The church at Hagley is not creditable either to the wealth or strength of the Presbyterian residents and we believe that they have the intention either of greatly improving the present structure, or of building a new one. The greatest satisfaction, we believe, prevails in this district, and also at Deloraine, on account of Mr. Jenkin's settlement. He is reputed to be a good preacher and a hard working pastor. It was proposed to hold a tea meeting at Deloraine in the evening, but this was postponed till the annual meeting of Presbytery which is appointed to be held there. These two very propitious settlements, and the third in proper at Sorell, are fitted to create a very warm feeling among all the friends of the Presbyterian church in Tasmania. The few active members of Presbytery have long been sowing in tears, they have evidently entered on the beginning of a glad reaping time. 