CRH£U PASTUHSS AKO NGCAD1UY.* A NEW TAXM W1LUAM BLACK; , : Author of 'MadcA* YrOLfrr,' 4Hpt* Pbincbss ovTJHtn,*,' &o.; Chxi?mr XXXl-Cfiiosrs asd V6»)ia!.-'''1 Otcouwo w» did not run away from NeVifloik moroly beoauw our good BoUwm ^ ori^ioa that tho city had aomeAing of a, Freuchlcok. \fp had many oxcollont friends v|-rek«iiag* their h«» pitalitiea onus,- we had; niiny places tb;^t; granning to England, ttiai letlwa ahouldWvnt out to us by a paHlaalar sWrnw, ' Ztel^rei' ^0 doubi w W, Ool^njbtta landed, ?bf tae'^h'oW' «' San SatTOdor, aftd lopad ft.'yh'ole, ne-; ^(ffl awaitiDg his explorations, bis first impalsa wa loieifc dowsa and cry because he coald nofc heat whathot hia uiother-ia-law's cold was better. * ?She was iiosfc ecpaomical, too, about th»t ;-, telegram. Sha would not have Ladj Sjrlria send ? '?» separate message. .; ? :. v , , ' . '...?.????.-,;. . - 7 :'* t»A. coiiplp o£ -words, extra .will do,'- sha said, , faad thej wilLuaderstandto go over to thoHAllj M&tet; yoar fa&er;— aniMrVBalfoar, too— know that you have arrired sifdy. v Why shQulA joo, .. soad ft separate message !'' ... ,;.; „.. : ,v,^_ -,?,.,; -.,i^ Why, indeed ! The young wife ^aV.gritef ul tQ this kind friend of hers for so 'co|Sclera'tely, ? browing diut in our eyes. Way shoflldjsh'e^send^ a separate message to her hosbandjl when the ex pense would be so desperate ? . ;r ,t .. i -\i ^.r Aad although Queen T. lavished her time oa writing letters to her boys at home,' she always did* that in the privacy of her 'own room,' and rather strove to hide, or to make little of, thesa communications with England. Columbus himself, when the King and Queen asked, him to give an account of his travels, could not hare been more particular than this~new discoverer in describing the wonderful things she had seen. The amount of informitlon. conveyed to these boys— who would much ratisr have had a sovereign sewn up between tsro cards— was enormous. Oa one occasion sha- was caught giving them a precise account of tha coastitntions of the United States, obviously cribbed from It. KordhofiTs Politics' for Young Americans.., Bat then these budgets were generally ; written at night, and they were never paraded next day. When, before Lady Sylvia, she spoke of England, she treated it as a plica of little account. Our necessary, interests were iq- tho things around us. One could not ^ always be looking back, and indulging in senti ment. Tiiat.wai more to be pardoned— and, as she said thu, the small philosopher was down at the Battery, her tender eyes gazing wistfully at a certain archiby which barred our view of the sea beyond— that was mare to be pardoned to tho ? thoosauds upon thousands of sad- hearted men and women who had landed at thu very point, who bad passsd through that archway with their hopes of ths naw world but feebly compensating them for their I033 of home and kindred and friends. This, said she, was the most interesting spot in America, and the most pathetic. And as she had been two whole days on tht3 continent, we calmly acquiesced. - And at length the arrival of our letters, which contained a vaat amount of important news about nothing at all, relieved the anxious hearts of the two mothers and set as free. . We bid farewell to thia Atlantic Paris, with its hot pavements, its green ailanthus trees, its dry air and intolerable thirst ; and about three o'clocfcon a strangely Btill and sultry day we .drive down to the wharf &ci; embark on a large and carioosly -constructed steamer. Bat no sooner have we got ont on to the broad bosom of the river than we find how grate ful are these opscijua saloons, and lofty archways, aod^ool awnings— for now the swift passage of the boat produces something like a breeze, and * for a tims *?e cease to brood on iced drinks. Under th$ pleasant awning we have oar chairs, and books, 'and fruit ; but the books are not much regarded, for, 23 we noiselessly and swiftly steam Op against the current, it appears more and more certain that vre hive got into some mystic dream land which can in no wise be any part of America, and that this river is not only neither ths Hudson nor the Rhine, but wholly unlike any river seen Oat of a vision of the night. What is the meaning of the extraordinary still haze that kills out natural colors, and substitutes for them the mere phantasmagoria of things? The low and wooded bills that here bound the river ought to be green ; Obey are, on the contrary, of a pale opalesque blue and white. The bine sky is faintly obscured ; we can only catch glimpsc3#of white villas in these dusky woods'; all around is a sort of slumberous, gtrangsly-hned mist ; and the onfy definite color visible 13 the fa rood pathway of sunlight on the jrtream, and that is of a deep and rn'ddy bronzs where the ripples flash. We begin'to grow op pressed by this strange 'gloom; '''Is 'it -not some where in tb.13 neighborhood that the'. most devilish cantrips are still performed among the lonely hills, while the low thunderbooms, and unearthly . figure* appear among the 'rocks ? Should we bs surprised if a ghostly barge put off from that almost invisible shore, bringing ont to us a com pany of solemn' and silent Tnarinera, each with bis horn of .schnapps, and his hanger, and his ancient beard? Will they invite us to an awful carouse far1 up in the 30'mbre mountains, while our hair tarn3 slowly grey 03 we drink, and the immeasur able years go sadly by as we regard their wild jfrcesr ??1J311, Hen 2' we cry, 'exorcise tnes* iftatch Sends ! Sing 113 3 Christian song ! Quick — before tho thunder rolls !' And ao, in tba midst of. this dreadful stillness, we hear a sweet and cheerful sound, and our hearts grow light. It u like the ringing of church bells over fields of 'yellow corn :— F*lntly as toll) the evening chime— tho Bound is low, but it is clear and sweet as the plashing of a fountain — Our voices keep tune, and our oarj keep tfrae : r And, indeed, there are two voices now hamming (he subdued melody to us— Soon ai the woods on shore look dim, We'll sing at St. Ann's our parting hymn ! Surety Ibo mists begin to clear, and the sun is less spectral over those du3ky hills? Hendrick Hudson— Vanderdecken— whatever in the devil's samo they may call you — bo off, you and yourghast* 1y crow ! Wo will not shake hands ; but we wish you a nafo return to your gloomy rocks, and may your barrels of schnapps never be empty I We can see them retire ; there is no expression on their face.? ; bat the black eyes glitter, and they Btroko thoir awful beards. Tho dark boat crosses the lano of bronzed sunahino ; it becomes more and moro du'uky as it near.? tho sboro ; it vanishes into tho mint ! And what is this now, close at fcand? 8a!nt of this gKen Me, hear our prayer t , Grant us cool heavens and favoring air ! Vanderdeckan, farewell!. There will be solemn . laughter1 in the hills to-nijjht. '????? /*' ' ! ' ', Bat there. i3 no romance r about; this German ' e|-li«dfcettant, who exhibits An, tincona^pnabW ;|*toc#r;.ia talking to anybody and1 eVarybody) not Oiceptuig the nu&'at the whwl himself ; and ;i|.c«liwft(- bW b^.JiakingwhaftJi|«itrii(i« iimvffbM^hm^pndn «dein^v's '- v ^ - . -yfi Hfl*/' iMMji, 'Jopiaiag ijong,, 'do jminww ; wte lib, u& gfakowttr livwtiiuu.. on fire— for miles, aad miles, and milea— away over in New Jersey aud in Ponnajlvania, and it has been going on for weeks, bo that tho wholo air is filled with tho smoke. Do... yon- smell it now ! And there is not enough wind to carry it ;awaj— no— it lies about here, and you think it is ;a,vthander- storm. But it ia not always— I mean I everywhere*; and the captain bajb ther^ is not' any U\t|r'e8t-PMnt,*wtich' is fery 'good indeed. And iitis very beautiful thare, everyone says ; and tho ' hotel is high up on the hill.' .'la- the meantime this mystical river had boon getting broader, until it suddenly presented itself to^us in the form of a 'wide and apparently -circular lake, surrounded with mountains, the wooded dopes of which descended abruptly to Iho shores, and' were- there lost in a wilderness of rocks, and 'busies. Do you wonder that Bell called out-- ,,.;, r ...... , 'Itjs'theHpiy Loch !. Shall we -p ashore at kilmnn ?' / . ' And then the river narrowed again ; and tho waters were very green ; and of course wo bo thought ourselves of the Ehine, flowing rapidly along its deep gorge. Or was it not rather one of tho shores of tho Lakeof Geneva? Look at tho pictaresqne little villas stack over the rocks, amid the bushes and trees ; while the greens seem all the more intenso that the sun oat there ia the West has become a rayless orb of dusky and crimson fire— as round and red and dull a thing as over appeared in a Swiss lithograph. It never seemed to occur to any of us that after all this was not the Holy Loch, nor the Ehine, nor the Like of Geneva, but simply the river Hudson. And yet we could not h alp reverting to that Ehine fancy when wo landed on the little wooden pier; and entered a high hotel omnibus; and were dragged by two scraggy horsoa up an exceed ingly steep and dusty road to a hotel planted fat absvo the river, on the front of a plateau, ancl amidst trees. It was a big, wido hotel, mostly built of wood, and with verandahs all round ; and there were casements to the bedroom windows ; aad ererywhore in the empty and resounding corridors an odor as of food cooked with a fair amount of oil We threw open one of these case* menta. There was a bkza of firo in the west. The wooded hills were of a dark green. Far below us flowed the peaceful river, with a faint mist gathering on it in the shadows. Then, by- and-by, we descended to the largo, bare-walled, Jbare-floored but brilliantly- lighted saloon, in which the guests wero assembling for dinner ; and now it was no longer the Ehine, for. the first object that struck the eye was tho sharp contrast between the dazzling whito of the tablea' and the glossy black facja and heads of tho waiters. From this time forwards, it may bore, be said, we began to acquire a groat liking for those colored folk— not from any political sym pathy, for we wero but indifferently fierce politicians — bat simply because we found Sambo, so far as we had the honor of making his acquaint ance, remarkably good-natured, attentive, cheer ful, and courteous. Taoro was always an element of surprise about Sambo ; the solemn, black, bullet-bead enddenly showing a blaze of white teeth, as he said, ' Yes, sah !' aad ' Yes, mahm ?' and laughingly went oil to ezecute orders which he had never in the least, understood. There was so much of the big baby about him, teo. It is quite certain that Queen T. deliberately made the most foolish blunders in a3king for things, in order to witness the sappres3ed and convahive amusement of these huge children ; and that, so far from her being annoyed by their laughing at her, she was delighted by it, and covertly watched them when they thought they were unobserved. She waa extremely tukbd, too, by tho speech of some cf them, which was a great deal nearer that of Mr. Bones, of St. James's Hall, than she had at all expected it would be. In fact, in the privacy of her own chamber, she endeavored once or twice ? . But this may be read by her boys, who have enough of their mother's wicked and irreverent ways. . . Then, after dinner, wo went out to the chairs on the wide and wooden bilcony, high up here over the still-flowing ri7cr, in the silence of the hot, still, dark night. . A groy huzs lay along tho bed of the stream ; tbo first Etars overhead were becoming visible. Far away behind ua stretched tho3e dasky hills into wh'ich the solemn Dutchmen had disappeared ; were they waiting now for tho first glimm'er of the moon before coming out to begin their ghoatly carousa? Could we call to thero, over the wide gulf of space, and give them an invitation in onr tarn ? ' Ho ! ho ! Vander decken— Hendrick Hudson --whatever they call you — come, you and yoar gloomy troop, down the hill-sidea aDd through the valleys — and we will sing you a song an you p.moke your ciay« ! Tho dogs shall not bark at you ; aad the children are all in bed ; and when you have pjnoked and drank deep, you will depart in peace ! Ho ! ho !— Ho ! ho !' Could we not hear some echo from tboEe mystic hilla?— a ramble of thunder, perhaps? ' Listen !' called out oar Bell— hot it was not the hoarse response of Vanderdeckcn that e.be heard — 'there it is agaic— in among the trees there— dont yoa hear it — Kaiy-did I Kuly-dLldl Katy-didr . Aud by- and-by, indeed, the hot, atill nighUair became filled with these calls in the diuk ; and &3 we watched the moon rise over the bill*, our fancied forsook the gbo^t'y Datchman, and were baay about that mysfceriouB and .distant Katy, whose doings had ao troubled this poor, anxiou* insect. What waa it, then,. that Katy did, that is never to be forgotten ? Was at merely that cho ran away with some gay ydflng sailor from over the eeas ; and you, you miaerablb, envious, censorious creatur», you mart needs tell all tho neighbors, and giv.e tb? girl no peace'? And when she came back, too, witb'her husband the »kij- pcr, and her five bonny boyi, and when they loth would fain have settled -down in their nativo village, she to her spinDing'wheel, and ho to bis long clay and hi« dram', you would not even tbon let the W rtory reVt. Kqly-dB if—Kaly- did I And what then? Peac9,'yoacbattflrer, yon tell* t*Ie,yoa scandal-monger j br%e'wijl take yon to be the imprisoned «plrit of tdnle deceased and despicable slanderer, condemned' for ever to bunt the dftrknew of the aight with your p«tnlant, croakitfg eryv' '' -;:- ' ?? ?''???''- : -?* -?;' -vZ. I;;----'/ '-/?? -?, ? ? ; )?-? ???/:?.?? , .?'? . ????,:,! ;. Ho, bo I' Vwidwddck'en f Oanaot fit- Mhi'til %Un%WtoV TM* tnm iMbitkomiUthlllt ? tow ;;atjd tho wan light ia pouring down into tho ! valleys. Your dark figures, as you coino out of the rocks, will throw sharp shadowo on tho whito roads. Why do you draw your cowls over your face?— iho night is not chilly at all ; and Ihcrq ia no ono to sec you as you pass silently along, Ho, ho ! ' Vanderdeckeu ! Tho night is clear. Our hands shall not trorublc as wo lift the bowl to you. C;\nn.ot you soud us a faint halloo ? Saint of this preen isle, hear our prayer, Grant us cool heavens and favorinsr n-r. Blow, breezes, blow, the etrcaui runs fast, The rapids ate near, aad the daylight's pjst ! . — Or ia it the tinkling of the sheep-bells on our Surrey clowns, with Iho sunlight shining on tho spire of tho, church, and tho childron walking between the hedges, tho bluo sky overall? Or is it tho clear, sweet singing of the choir that wo hear ?— falling on tho grateful senso like the cool plashing of running wator? Gloomy phantoms havo no placo on our Surrey downs ; the air is bright thero; Ihero ia a sound aa of someone singing. Katy-did ; Katy-did ! Was it on such a night ? as this that sno stole an ay from her home — and looked pale and troubled as sho fled along tho lonely road to tho side of tho stream ? See how the moon lights up tho dusky sides of the hills, and touche3 Iho rounded foliage of tho woods, and flashes a bold lino of silver across the broad, smooth river ! There are other lights down there, too- -tho colored lights of moving boats ; and will sho step on board with a quick, hurried, trembling foot, and hide her pale face and streaming eyes in her lover's arm's? Farowell, farewell, to tho small, empty room, aud its flowers. Farewell to the simple life and the daily task— for the great, eager, noisy world lies all ahead, unknown and terrible. Swiftly speeds the boat through the moonlight and the mist — thero is no sound as it goea-rnot even a faint and parting cheer from Yanderdecken and his merry men aa they solemnly gaze down from tho hills. It is- tho lieutenant who rousas as from our dreams. 'Lady Sylvia,' say3 he, 'you know tho Ehine— wore you ever at Eolaudseck? Do not you think this place is very like Eolandseck ?' For a second or two sho could not answer. Had she ever been to Eolandseck on the Ehino ! 