Lismore, August 4, 1877. Y Local anil General Hews. . / HELD OVER.-Leader, Sydney Letter,- and Poetry. "?'?_?.: \ ,. THE POLITICAL POSITION.-Our ronders' will see, f rom'.mir Sydney telegrams, that the Parkes Ministry have been twico defeated during the past week, and that there is avery probahility'of tho-Parliament do;iin'r without an Electoral Bill beiug pissed, or anything olso being done, which will be a sal blow to thosoconstituoncieB,' whn, like ourselves, are -unrepresented in thu! present Legislature. .This result is only-what ini'.:ht have been exnocted from the disorganized state of tho HOUSIÎ ilurini tho past fow weeks, the inoró csnuoiiUy,;'as wé'ouin'ot h Jp' thinking that manv members in the present Parliament' do 'not? intend .that^tho Eleetoiul ,-Btll should pass'. - A* mattera are at present, .tlièy hivorthe co.ntrol-of the; Treasury Ghost, by ,-thoir. votes, arid, .scatter tho'.public. mona vs boovleisti' in districts which hvivë tho voting p.iwor, while tho revenues of others aro-costly, nppropriatad, and they are left tó'get alonj us bust they may. Wu are,afraid that this district, will .never got jusfii.'o atthe¡.hands of tho , prasant Legislature, and ..that unless weean put to as.naw b!o:id into the House, our only ; hone l ivs, in petitioning tho Queen,.through the Govornonof tho Colony, for [Boms- amelioration .of ¡mir p^c3.«it ¡a-iomalons position. / Since - tho »hove was in typo, we learn that tha Hun. John It »berts >n has Wen sent for ; to form a Now -.Ministry ; .and so the .old igañijá of the ;"ins uni outs" is'repeated, year after year,'until all btisino-mMs' impeded, and.le&islaiioriibecomea; a perfect farce. /) ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday afternoon last, a» Mr.. O'Keefe, tho cont;act*ir fir tho making of a 'portion of the' road . fruin Casino to Ballin \, was driving a' horse and; loa.l »d dray from tlia Punt up tho stoep incline leading to Wno Hark street, tho horse suddenly ba.-kad into thu river, .arid was' drowned, .chispitW all attempts to' save it.;\The- dray, and- e inteilt» his. -siiicj. bom recovered, .but ,tho death, of th J h rsc,' v-iluud at;over £25* will bo a badlos-s, to- NI;-. Q'K-ja'o. The : above 'accident only -bears »116 wiiuS ha» been.before stated,;re3pa jtinij tha da-ig-u- ot til 1 ?presont appr laoheä.to the Punt ; and it is,to b J hopfld that tho Government will sba fit tó lÍ3to:i .totho Petition to ba ai l-iptie 1 on S iturd.iy nsxt, praying t for, the construction of a Brid ;e ova ino river at .»Lisniore, .-.whereby all. feairof log* io life or limb/may ba ptíyiated.foi- tho future. ; 1 MEETING.-We havV been ' informed tuat ai influoütial. hïeeting-' wiiâ.." held- ut" tho ;North Lismore. Pçst Ojifico, on Saturday af ternoon last, to. devise iriearis' for' thei; improvement of tho .Mail- Road fr'oiu : Lismore/' to ' Tiri-aiiiai 1 /The Chair was tukon by Sebastian Garrard, Esq., . and upwar/ls of, £30 ,wa* ^ubsoribsd in tho room . towards the expbiÍBOs bf tho aboyó object."- ' 1 , '1 /"RIDGE'S ^ TÂOVÀL ; TYOo'oá''CiBoiJä'.-Wo hoar that'tile ¡itióvo Troupe ;huve benn vóry'siiccossi'iil in their trip down tho riverain pinyin i . to good houses. They will give a grand performance, libio (in'Monday evening next, in aid of ; tho Funds for clearing olí th 3 Djbt oil tho R mi lu: Cutholic Church, in this .township, andas, tho objiict".-is :goud, there* will/ no. d >ubt be a lurçje attendance. j . I-JTHË TÍMBKU TitÁD.E.^A;piililic'[meoting/-will hi dd at tho .North ¿.¡stn pru, P< >sV "Oiflôe, afc: 2. o'clock 'this'afternoon, to take 'stepsrfur reinov ng tthOjTiriania Cj eek C, hain.,. AU.pprdons inUrjs'.ed ;arq eiirucstly requested tri attend. 'v ,' j . 'TM Rev. H. LivisasTONE.-rManyi -of, our , . readers, will bo glad to hear that'the...above 'gentleman bas recovered frnni his latoillnoss.jin ,Sy.lney, and intuiids tn return to tho Richmond 'River tliis week. '.'.'Mis. .Livingstone'''-has. also boen' very ill,' hilt we'are'glad to. find thiitladyl is now recovorin _;. and will;" wo hoper's ion ¡bj ahlo'-ti> r'ctui-n' to this'1 district,^ a'ndl be long'j spared.toidwi.-U;amongst us. , , , . GOLD.-Mr. AVithors,of Bald'Hil!, brought tb ihis <>fHci¡ yestn-dáv (Fi- idiy). so no nice spasimons of-wh*t iijei-s 11, be .^vasorwo.-ii a&ilu; ^io!il,. whi-jli he, stilted w.is fóurid'ih tho gizzard, of'a Turkey! kill jd "n his finn during tho ' wóókr As "gtild is known to exist-in many parts of this district, sum j of tho old diggers ?.'csideljt.'hui'e, .might do worsu" than spurling -iín aïteriiom in 'páiiiiing. but ai. i'ewldishf tills of stuff) °in; tho, creeks ; near .tho. piuco /whore tlio gold was found.. ' The specimens' aro on viow at this office, 'arid ' aïe wo--thy tho inspection of t.ibîo persons, who : believe ! in dovoloping tho rosoui-ees of tho district. ' ; ; ITHE BONNIE D.VKDEa.-( Tho,B,»nnio;Dtindoo' (s. ) ci-iissud tho Richni'ond River \ b'ai'; on Satur day, /the 4th, iiiütimt,- at 3. pim. ;. arrived: nt Sydney Heads-ou.Motiday,: .ttie (J.th instant, at 2 p.m. She had- been detained two days with heavy.; soil on,"tho bar, j Shu brings u]i ,.us cargo ' 500 bags'miizáí 3'llaga bacon, !J2 mats sugar, 40 hides; 4 casks.'>tallow,..6/pigsV'7 casus eggs.' 24,000 foot pine boards, 282 , collar boards, 21 pirie logs, and sundries.^ ' Eehb.' Sth August. WAULIKE.'-Respeotirig tho mau-of-w ar soon off Bullina, last week, tho * S. M. Herald,' 6th August, says,1-Tho Gorman corvette Augusta,' arrived ., yesterday from a cruise among tho Navigators- and othor islands in tho 1'aoific. She is last from Levuka (Fiji), whonc'u she sailed - oh the 18th ultimo. She has had moderate weather, and mado tho onast north of the Richmond River. - She hus como into this -port to refit." THANKS.--We have received a fine specimen of the Savoy Cabbage, weighing over 11lbs., grown by Mr. George Davis, of Orange Grove, near Lismore, and are happy to say that it was well and cleanly grown, good flavoured, and shows what can be done by careful cultivation in this district. RATHER PLEASANT.-Last weok's ' Ipswich Observer ' says that tho libel action untured by Mr. John Irwin, editor of the ' Queonsland Times '- against Messrs. Marcus und Mollot'ont, .proprietors of the 'Ipswich Obsorvc-r ' and in which damages are laid to tho amount of £ 1,000 will be triedún. Ipswich, at the Supremo Court, to be hold oii thu iirat August, before his Honor Judgo Lutwyche and a special jury of four. A Brisbane telegram in the ' Evening News,' dated Saturday last, says, Luthe libel COM, Irwin, Editor of the * Queensland Times,' Ipswich, versus tho Proprietors of tho 'Ipswich Observer,' wherein £1000 damages were claimed, the jury ret irnod a verdict for £5, with costs, which will probably amount to£C00. SpoitTl vo.-A pretty little story comes from B->3tnn, Mass. Little Kimball, a sweet ¡infant of four yours, hod a childish quarrel with little Cox, »geil six. With the impulsiveness of infancy little Kimball said ho-would "fix" little Cox. The playful little dear, who it soems has already obtained the title of " major " am in:* his playmates, went hom j, gothia papa's revolver, and sh it little Cox, blowing his brains ont. And tho Boston newspapar says that, " not.withstanding the extremo youth of Kim bill, Iiis conduct meets with general- repre hension." In the light of the above event the B ston " Traveller " also says : " Bitter -give tho baby a rattle. Horan gat lots of fun out of a revolver, but it ia apt to go off and hurt somob->dy. When yon soe tho Baby in the buok yard with a revolver, and a reporter looking over tho fenoe and whistling, 'I haar ar», angel cüling, * it is as wail to go ont and take the woTTiiin away from the infant." BUY SM.VI.II TREES. - Nurserymen usually describe troos on their catalogues as "second class," " medium," "first-class," and "extra." Tho difference in these classes is principally, if not wholly, in the size nf tho trees; andas most farmers dos're tho boït, they suppose that the largo " extra " trees mont thoir description, and hence order them. Tho fact is, however, that a am ill tree will grow faster, . an I (if a fruit tra«), come into bearing condition sooner than a large'ono ; and as the " New Eagland Home stead" states, in half-a-dozen years the tree that was small when planted will be larger and finer than the,other. The larger the tree the larger the roots which it has, and the larger the roots tho loss fibre there will bo upon thom. A tree that has plenty of fibrous roots will grow readily if proper caro is used in transportation; but no amount of skill can coax a tree to live and flourish which is destitute of these little fibres. Tile ro its of large treeä are always nure or less mutilated in the process of taking un, while the small trees sustain little injury from this" source. Dealers in trees assert that ex perienced man buy small thrifty trees, while 'thoso who are .just startling aro anxious for the Liegest, to bo had. Those, who aro. to .sat trees tho coming Beason will do well to learn from tho experience of those who, at con siderable los3 to themselves, havo demonstrated that small trees aro tile ones to buy. \- BARLEY.-Tho . following hints on barley sowing are' cohtHbutéd by. a correspondant, to the "New York Tribune :-Thoro is probably noland better suited tb "barley thaii" a" corn field, if tho soil is rich enough, whetherploiighad br mn-ely- cultivated and harrowed. If not ploughed the land of course is not to be hard and weedy, in such case it should be broken up and cultivator and'harrow used to reduce it., If tho soil is loose and works up, mellow by passing the cultivator through it, it will bo bettor to do this than to * plough it. Morely harrowing I have kno'.vn to do bettor, than ploughing, both tried in the s un ) liol I ; and if the top soil is mollow and tho soil immediately before wet a.id compact, as is sometimes the case, especially in clay lani, it would be a foolhardy ' act to turn up this wot tenacious earth and bury tho mollow soil. Only thu harrow, and uot tho plough or cultivator should b.» used: It should, be held in mind always that what it wanted with barley is a thoroughly ni dlow seed-bed and this in fall-ploughed lands, :or ufter ii hued crop if. clean and capable of being tu ade mellow by harrow or cultivator anl harrow, should be put in as early as the ground will permit. Tua' Ei.EQTOR.At. Bit,!..-Tn tho LogUlativ.. A^saiuTily, yesterday, some prbgross was male with tho Eleutoral i Bill, tho consideration, of .which was taken up ¡in committee ut.nu .a.-ly hour, arter the preliminary and form il business bal be in 'disposed of. 1 Tho flrst (interpretation} clause wus amende 1 in some ? particulars und pis-ed. Clauses 2, 3, 4, and 5 wero postponed. The principio in the expansive clauses wa? nillrincl, and tho clauses were passod without material alteration. Tho consideration of tho Udl is to be resume 1 on Thursday next, com uionaing at clause 10, which provides tor the qualification bf voters. On this ciause an impor tant debate may bo expected,.as tho.principle of giving a mourner-to tho University of Sydney is contained in the_ clause. Captain Onslow hos given notice of" his ' intention to, irtovo; ^the insertion of tho, principle , of" registration of voters.-'Evening Nows ' 3rd August. NEW LANO PROPOSAL.--Mr. Day is to move in tho Assembly that in the opinion of this House, the .value of all improvements mado on forfeited condition il 'purchases shall be added to tho upsot price of the l ind when brought to auction sale, and that the value of such im provements shall bo refunded to conditional purchaser on'.' his written application'" for the same to tho Secretary for Lands. That the foregoing resolution bo communicated by address to,.lljs.Excellency tbo-Goveruor. ; m .-^OATMEAL.- In Groat Britain children of all ranks are raised cm oatmeal diet iilono, bocnuse it causes them . to grow sarong and beautiful, andi no bettor food cnn, possibly be.'found for them. It is also quite ,as desirable for the studant os for the labourer, and for tho delicate lady and her hard-working sister ; indeed, all classes would be greatly benefited' by its use, and dyspopsiii, with all its manifold annoyances, ¿an ba kept af-a . distance. Oatilieul 'is in ire substantial food, it is said, than voal, pork, or lamb, giving as much dr more montai vigour, whlio its groat desideratum .cousis s in one's nolrbaonmiiig waary of it, for it is us- welcoma for breakfast br toa" as-is wheat, or 'graham bread. It can be oaten with'syrup aniibuttoi1 as hasty pudding, or with cream and sugar like' rico. It is especially good fur young mothors, upon whose nervous forces too great a demand has beoh made,'and they lose the equilibrium of the system and become depressed and dispirited; Oatmeal requires to bo cooked slowly, and tho wafer should be boiling hot,when it is stirr.nl in., CHINESE EjíTEiiraisB "IN. SVDN-KV.-If the Chinese iii this city continuo to develops their trade and extend: their manufacturing works, with as much speed, and success as tlioy havo dono during the last couple of years, much tho . same state of things that exists in San Fran cisco ; with regard to tho supplanting, of tho .European artizans will doubtless como about hero. It is universally agreed that thoy have long hail tho cabinetmaking trade completely in, thoir hunda, though their work, in respect either of durability or finish can never stand comparison with what tho Europeans turn out. But it is oheapor ; that is the groat diiferi-nce. Mornpver,_ though tho English workman can do us much in eight hours as a Chi naman will do in sixteen, yet ho oannot stand against tho industry of tho Mongolian which- is only oon trollod_ by down- right fatigue and not by any recognised regulation ns to when to leave oir or when to begin. It is not by any means an unusual thing to soo a dozen Europeans with thoir heads und shoulders in the Chinamen's workshops, watching thom persistently working whilo daylight lusts. . In Castloroagh-stroot, thu Chinese cabinetmakers aro extending wonder fully,'.andthoy now give constant employment to several- European suwyors; tho work of " breaking down " a oedur log being a little too much for Mongolian musole. Tho Foresters' properly, opposite tho Protestant Hall, oxtoud nig from Oastiorengh-street to Pitt- stroet, has now been taken by a Ohinoso firm for cabinet workshops." The notoriously immoral characters that infested tho quarter for years past aro force 1 to boat a retreat with their mangles, and Jobn Ohiuauinii, with all his vicious habits, is wuleomed iu the neighbourhood aa a chungo for th« b*ltdr. -« E. News.' w...- -.-:-?. " SPAOB ra So HOODS.-A papar WM laid on the table of tha Legislative Assembly yest*rday nftamoonj containing opie* of correspondence between Dr. Bowker and the. Council ol E location respecting tho insufficiency of cubic »paco in schools. Dr. Bowker, in. his lettei dated July 6, states that ho hal been consulted as a medical practitioner by many teachers ol Publie Schools', and had baan SJ frequantlj obliged to give__cart¡áa.ites_ of th_e_nocessity foi change and rest,'that, ie was.led to mquixo inte the cause of so much Ulnas» among teachers. He was astonished^to'tini Sis- the result of hin inquiries ~th:it~in"ho on"r~c;i3S~ wai thara one half tho minimum space thought necessary by tha best authorities. . CODMTRY REPnESEOTÁTiox.-Heferring to th« representation of the v. Argy le district, the 1 Goulburn' Heidd'l mike?" the; f ollowing re marks :-We fail to _tho üóaa-süty foi paning tho Electoral Bill. ,. lt lin not boen shown thit any roal harm jócáxir$ 'thruiigh thé law. Theoretiaillyrepraàèhtàtlôri'-U unequal in different districts j but' practically tho. course ol legislation' ia not'- thereby'-- aCfeete'd. ' Possibly lo.-al wants are pot so well looked .after .;, and il is neoessary that country.constituancios should get thoir inemburs . to pay some, attention tc these, othe wiso public works Awould' be con fino J wholly to the metropolis; But Í what ever force there , might otherwise', be in the argument' for ari 'increase bf .'representation tc country constituencies is-neutralised by the fact that there' is; often exti eine "dilBculty in scouring the services of a. local .representative^ and Sydney men have to" bo urilured.'accord ingly. For this reason' the' appbrtioninent of members and the boundaries of electorates aro important more in theorj' thau in practice. Swiss OATSr-Oiî the-irierita of Swiss oats, we quote the following irani 'the - ' Glasgow Nowa :-" Sis yéaraago^a geutleman.in Girvan, whan in the .harvesUtím» passing through Switzerland, stripped a' cornstalk^ of its gruiu pickles, and pat thom in his vost* pocket.; These he had assiduously çultiyuted since, and his last crop of thom*wás' '40' aeres* in' extent.--. HK began to sell them ut from 10s to; l'2s pet btisbol, with.'.in : ono; ciao, the following. most interesting result t- -A lundewubr in Fife "gtiew .27 Saotch acres of them lo3t season, on a field ot' 0003\. feet above the sea level,. und they yielded 7 quattara par acre, of which he has sold many at 50s per quarter. 'Their average weight wai; .Hlb per bushel. -Had he grown.icomtnm oats the yield would have been 20s per quarter, had the wot weather allowed any yield at alb They were reaped (over ripe) on tlió 21st of .-August, and the straw of them was used by the horsed instead of hay; it was ; so-fine. jTluse facts point to the conclusion that.thes-a Swiss oats, sn haohazirdly secured, will; pi-pv¿ a godsend in the northolm amble counties 'and to all who firm on high table-lands. ¿> They" carno to maturity three weeks .earlier; it, is estimated, th in the {common oats ; ¿they pay sb wôll, arid, d'yond tho 'common oats, J they arel valuable ai fodder. In tho upper straths of Aberdeenshire, for '.iiata'.ioo, they would bring" a harvest whore often, us wo all know, thurn is none.-' .. , Di3\Li.vo WITH .DKjxNkÉK.VE.s.sC-^The city of Sa'oni, in Oregon, .has 'adopted this original method of dealing' with, drunkenness : When any porson becomes intemperately given to strong drink, a, certain riiiinner of citizens may petition to have him declared a drunkard. Tho petition is directed tb the' city re'eord.ir, who give-s uotico, by publication .in soine daily, paper, that tho porson named in tho; petition has boon doalared a .'common diunkard.'',( .After such notice it is unlawful for. jaiiy'.oiie togivo or sell to su h a person,. or assist him'iii goLting any wine, spirituous, or malt liqu'ir. ' '.' . . ' Russia.-[f, as ,:thèlFiouah -proverb says, "nothing happens bat tho,;ünfore;iein," the issue of tba pro.v.Miti war . on,, tho abaros of the Ulaak Saa may bç,suçh as/to stultify "the wisest forecast. . It tnust.provü'.cji^aiiütöüs to Turkey by the loss pf blo'J^-âbd.'treasiii-é 'which it will entail; but" it iriay be'also '^terribly disastrous to her opponent. 'Por! it' should riot be forgotten that _there are two . llussias.;^,.There .is the . Russia of tho popii'ur.:»róig'nation ;' and there ii tho Russia nf sohier, reality.'''-'Tho former is a portentous Colossus, projecting', its sombre sha low over the northern.and'central. portions of two continents' ; , a; ono-uia;i power, which holds within, its grasp a.toçritory of .nearly SO,03D,0')') square 'milos," ¡ind- &L;'population of 82,000,0110, with an army of a million and a half, and a policy, that is steadily aggressive, and that aims at ' territorial aggrandisement in every direction. Ol tho otliar'li.uvl, the Russia of reality is u vast Corigerios'bf heterogeneous states and peoples, oonpuiol by ferae or fraud, and hold, together by, thu rigorous compression bf autocratie and' 'military rule; It- is' a 'nation without a middle class, au l< ; without an on lightened popular sentiment,^- a.uatioiv-.wliiob represses its industrial development by adhering to the ruinous' delusions' of jprotoctiori/.-'which conducts its administrative., alfair/s ..by tho instrumentality of tlío 'most; corrupt body of oiiicials in Europe and i which . conceals the inherent barbarism of its people and. its insti tutions-its Asiatic '"chai'ftïtjr ' ánd : habits beneath a thin-vonoor bf western civilisation.! '.Melbourne Argiis.S... ..<' '?',_ \ J_ . i ) .. '.' RBxrAiiKADi.aDisP.oyKniEs.^A^correspondont of tho 'Tiiiios,' ..writing, 'fruin .'Alexandria, info'riiis the publié'that Captàih''Burton, tile African traveller, ' hiis made u find of unusual interest, At the request of- tho .Khedive, he luis visited tho " land bf Midiii'u',"-! tho'desolate .region oñ thu castora sido^ídhu Gulf of Akabah, tho easternmost, of. the. two"lóíigv'arid'" narrow estuaries in which |ho Rad.Soa ends. , Accom paiied by; Mr. GhiprgOfM irij>. a^Frenchferiginoar Captain Burton .liüiUftaVin^Mldian on 2nd April,' and in an exploration of. .some weeks explored a region full 'of''riiiiïed' 'towits', " built'-oF'.sol'd masonry, with made roads,'aqueducts!, iivu.miles long, artiiicial lake3,''aiid4ina8iive_fpitiosse3, all inarking a wealthy lind «p^we.'i'ul peopla. ' Thoir wealth was bined1 "oh" niiiiing .opeiatiousj: arid Captnin\Burton reports the'.oxistouco;..of gold, stiver, tin, imtiin¡)njG '.'àndj. tút'quoiae'imin'es. The auriferous .'region.Í3-ostensivo";jíñílqedi tho discovoror' boiióves lib ' hasl6pe¿ad^up'- a 'Cali fornia, and tho KKbdivo"/proposes to have the country worlwd ; by!-J3uropojin ..capitaljsts. ' It will bo rairiemliaVed'thiit' 'in'ífib.'Bibieí " Alidian ¡3 always desètïbéd" as ii lana 'fall' of metals,' especially gold; silvery [ andyilead./It 'is more than probab^that.rSo^omo. yS 'Optó? was situ ated there, ns"" tKè'Jsm:ill- ships'-'-in0 wííich , he imported gold, ivory, and pa.io oks.' wore laun ched at thu hoad( .of,thovRed jSea, Midian ia part of the Egyptian Vicöroyalty. i'"': '-'.LT-I I " - THE SAHAUA'Pi\b.rtío:r.'-is has already boen noted, the proposition is sei;iously..niad,o.%to form a sea of tho Dosert . pf tSahara'''by' cutting a. chutinol to let'iri'i tlio^wutors' lif'tHe'^Moditorran ean-an enterprise- regarded us ontirely feasiblo, moro so, in fact,.thïn .(hq butting q£ tho Isthmus, of Dation, which .roayjjo_8uiiLtq)itLj^ project. A German sciontifiu .writer, .however, gees so fur as\to aase'tt .-tluit tho Snhaia projoct, if carried out, wo\ild Jeyejitiijilly turn Europe, into another Greenland. " "flo.'alleges Tthat i thé divorsion of the Guif- Streain, .by the outting.of tho Suoz 'Oaridl,' 'lins alroády bligu'n to' have an iimiteiiso intluenco1 on 'th'e-¿límate of Europe, and that tho covering of the burning sands of tho African desert with water .would destroy tho hot winds, which aro necessary for tho melting, of tho Alpine snow and .ice, and' would finally result in II glacial formation .that .would over whelm Italy. ' He instances the changes;in: Australia iuid-Now''Guinou,'-. by the deviation of a warm current of. water, ¡ whioh formerly ; ran through Torres Straits,'iii a practical illustration of his theory.-Now YdrkiSiui." RUSSIA «HD; POLAND.--Tho Prussian corres pondent of .tho. '/.Times! ' writing from Berlin on tiie 29th May, states thai' Krysinski, one of the' loadorstff the Polish ^¡ebelliuii,of 18Q3, has jiist been sentenced to death and*shot nt Warsaw, ¿3 Krysinski, when the insurrection was put down. j\ Had to Paris, wheru ho hast since been leading w. the life of a refugee. A short time ago ho petitioned for the Emperor's pardon, in conse quence of which he was invited to return. Upon his arrival he waa* arraigned for rebellion, and-, condemned to oxile iu. Siberia. This sentence, the} Pole» represent as "a ^disgraceful breach of tho promise "given "him ;'-while' th» Rnsaiani», in the ambiguous state of their laws, artj no doubt, justified i n^'recontiilïug-itwith the? eivjragoments enteredinif».;! After his condam nation. Krysinaki fiVid, was captured, once moro arraigned before- a tribunal, aud now has baan shot. RESULT OF A BREACH OW PROMISE CASK.-Wo learn from an E-igiish joumil that some tim« since a girl, who hod be>jn courted.by a young man named Taylor; afc Wick, emigrated to Australia to better har position, but waa in local undera proiniío of mar-nago to return honta. After considerable dilay Taylor refused to marry her, , whereupon she broiisriït un action for breach of promise, obtaining' a. verdict with. £500 dama-jes. EailBi^to piy this srshv, T.iylor was committed to» nrirón. He jicbttio-ied th* SheritTs Court ut Wick l'or ant nrdur- that the plaintiff should contribute to» Iii* maintenance. The application was granted. Sa thiit besides, paying nor own"cost» aral obtaining nj rem-idy, the plaintiff must now pay a weekly-sum to koop> her perjured lovor. orb»will bi* released.' ."^FirçANOiAL CONDITION OF TITOKEY.-Eugene Scnuyler, Consul General., at 6oxistnritinoplo. writes to tho Stato Department that the publia debt of Turkey amounts, to $027.000,003, the annual' interest on which fa 805,000,000 moro than half tba total- reTOhueiwf the empire. ' The last a:.nual budgatv published, in March," 187C, showed a deficit bf Sjl.WfjVOOO. Unless, great reforms aro speedily introduced, nnd caro given to tho development of natural resourcos, not even the present atnuurtt ol' taxes eau loni be- raised, and thol e will bo an add tional deb/Jit ouch year, and Turkey, henceforth.'will bo pre cluded from ^borrowing money otksiiie. Tile» financial ruin of tho country seem inévitable. PROSECUTION-: OF Biuou.ttf. ïbûNa. -, Tho ' World's !' Washington special siyra :-District. Attorney PZ.iward, of Gtak, left fot-Salt- Lake, alter a full u-.ulerstan ling; with tho- President and thoAttomey-Goneral, itnU. wit!» assumnces. that ho will bu suppiM-ted in tho prosecution of Bri sham Young on. any. complètent evidence implicating - him in the Mountain. Meadow*, massacre. Ho bos also l>ien di rooted to prose cute the Prophet on tho c'.iur¿re ot' inasonplicationt of Government funds while-1 he waa» Indian. Agent,, provided the idloged crime is-n>>t barred. Tho paper» on. filo iii tho Comptroller's-offiijo, covering hi» disbursements, wura supplied tr> the .Attorney.- General to-day, andi «ertitkdl copies.will bj furnished to UtahJ-''E. News.' ' . .. A Navy' POWE».-A .very curious an 1 re markable experiment has just boon tried in India. A Mr. Ad nus,"of Bomb ty, hos; invent.-d a solar battery, consisting of 20íj> aúi.ill rairrörs, so arranged that they focussed tlie, suiv's ray« upon a small copper b tiler and generated, steam in it in twenty .minutes. Mr. Adams contends, that he could by tho saune means, genérate heat, onjugh. t-j drive tba largest spinning inill im Bombay. The value of such an invention in a. country w!v»> tbs san nearly ulw.tya shines, should bj iuiuianse. A PHESS . Boc**. -Tho Victorian Telograpb. Department has roducod thu scale of telegraphic charges for Press intelligence to one shilling per hundri d words. " A . BOY; ATTACKED RY A LION.-Sydney j Louis Extrám, ii boy ton ye.tr»'of age, whoso . « parents resido at'407, Pitt-streot, was atticked by a caged liou on Sunday in .ruing, and severely injured ab >nt th-j shoulder and hea:l. Tho lio i is k.ipt in a cage by a parson nam.d Radcliffe, living ne.-i,t.Jo jr to tho E-ctrain's, and tho child, while playing ab mt the yard, in cautiously weiit ,otoso to, tho. c iga, ,whe.i the sava^o animal re allied for him. and < latched him by thoshouldor. It happmid, (oriuuato'y, that tho boy!s lather was close by, au I,- coming to his son's assistance, ros.-ual him from what inevitably appeared to bj a fearful death. However, tho " loni of tho forest " hud the boy in his olaws-suííioioutly long to toar a consider able portion of his clothes from his body, and^i to ¿inllict sevoral deep, ugly, and painful 4 icratihes about tho should r and hoad. Dr. Ilalkett, who was called in, drosjud tho wounds, which lie did not,- however, regard us dangerous, and the boy will soon recover. The owner of tho'beast expressod great concern at what had happened, and olfered to destroy tho lion ; but the wiser coursa would be to take stops to have tlio animal so secured and isolated, that ho will not again have a chance of reaching for such1 prey ns came in his way on. Sunday morning.- ' Evening,Nows,' 31st July. A SAND STORM IN TUB SUJM CANAL.-Tho -Peninsular aud Orieutal Company's steamship Poonah with India and China mails, ' which arrived at Southampton,' on April 30, ex perienced, while in the Suez ICanal, a severo sand torin, which commenced at sunrise, and contiuuod moro qr loss furious until 5 in tho afternoon. " During- the -storm she laid right across the* canal pevrerluss/ Tons of ^ simd wore thrown on dock, and .the masts urid " gear wore covered with a thick.coating. ISLAM'S ? - CHEST.-According .to , a despatch received'at Washington on the 19th instant, froinj the U.S. " charge " at Vionnn.r Shik yirlshvm recently sont a delegation of doctors of iaw'to tho. Cheri!'at Mocea, direct descendant of the Prophet, for tho purpose of demanding funds from the Treasure of Islam, to b.^appüed .iii".defence of tho Islam faith. ' This treasure ia .fbrined from the annual offerings of pilgrims, ;wliich aro accumulated in thu ICasburi'of ;Móeua. Tho Ohorif "of Mecca receives ¿ri . lin averago. 15,000,000f in annual- offerings. "' Ono o'lbrtory chest was 'opened1 during the Rosso-Turkish ' War iii' 1828, and ' severjil largo noms wore with drawn', :bûf it was af tbrwiirils again closod. A second' ;chest was opened- in -1854, ' during the Crimean .War, ¿but the, third .chose has not boan opened .811100,1415., It is conjectured that the accúinúlati(inLof-inonoy iii thtt last-named chest 'oiinhbt'be Jess than 250jOO0,OO3f, ah.t if is'fully bolioved that tho total amount of the treasure of .Islam will exceed 909,00a,000i, und even a much -higher sam.*'-- "' : '. .--'I £[J'?2'-'. --T. Ï A NEW.-Í. GERMÁN Í SOÜOSTBWS. - A Berlin correspondent, under dato Api 1 10, states thai, á-great iiiusiciil atarihas risen.inltho person of a : Fraulein Etolka Garster, an apera singar, por ifeetod-by" Madama Ma'(iuèsi inVîVionna.; Tho .lady;1 who-appeared'-in --Berlin iii-iii thoatro of second order,, enmo^ before the. public- .without, tho loastr-' pretennions. - After- she had been heard for rabout half nn¡ hour,-her fate was Bottled; ;.. Thousands , of _ people orowded- the theatre every night tho'Gerster snngi; thu,prices .wore^dpubjedj^and^.tiiplodi- no matter- evtiy knight uiiVsoati to be had. Ljads of fliijvers-went overy night to the theatro fort Gerster ;. tho ! Court t came.,to i,hear lier;, tho Emperor and Empress invited her to sing at their palace and 'at tho royal castle '; only ono "name was in tho mouth-ofv. evorybody-Etolka ,_G'orsteK ; Tho lady young,, and not very handsome-is indeod a pueuoirieniin, aa regards her vocal powers-; she has. an indosoribable sweetness in ,her voice, ' driel a'wdrmth of fooling that is indeed irre-, sistiblë. Shö has been prosontod ;W¡th'preciouí/ jowell from Court us well os from othar,woalt3[Ç . members of. sooioty. ' The night ; of he'r.'luave taking tlio. publio did^nbt want to. leave tho .house, and Gorstar had to sing.aguiu and again, though lit wus kuown .tliati she had .to give a parting-, song at. Court,ofter tho.theatre waa ,'oyér.Vf As the lady. iutiiids u tour tb Amorica, slio inight go. to Australia. In. tho. memory of 'older people" thora has - only been onco an artist .somewhat like Gorster, and' thia was Henriatte 'Sontag.. ., '. v.-;-, , ''\,-.-. ; 