® £.m Autumn BaceB. PjEST DiT— KOTOAT. PmJBr tiienmitKeaiBntof tneA-JC. Patron 1 fllrSereules «oMn**, G.C.M.&.: President -. 81r E. Pus* Thomson. O.B., X.OJI.S.;jaa.e:air. W. B. WaUordt bandlctpper, Mr. X A.8cuT;-«tarterj Mr. H. Dangir; dark ot the course: 3[r, -Tu. Herald: * ? ? ? ' . ? ? : ' '? .1-j.- f: :'- Tbe aatdmn meeting of the Amtrallin jockey Olnb was opened on Hondo; with great eclat, th» weather bdng ibesntilnl, t*» Ktteaduioe ununully large. asa ttaKronBd In ?cxcell⁢ orfier, ell *-f trhlck jaooompsnalmenti helped to makejip » grand meeting. Ills rain that fell on Friday night«Dd Saturday, though at one time tbreateningto lnter ien -TriOi ffie sport, turned out » great boon, and MVedflft lot of .anxiety on account of mere than 4mB ?- en - 01 odqdkiuI; unaerBiAu*mga. *r° racmjr ins Joca, ? though sonus . finishers, In fact, nearly *U iraraiBllOH-. but lie teaer gave a race worth going for to see, and the jumping race, Uuragn there were two tails, re suites 4n a grand contest between Gonlbnm and tbe pre viously Invincible Quicksilver. TheAntumn Stakes fell an eaajr prey to Pride of tiie Hills, after a alow run race, tbe time being -a long way slower than It hu been the wont of Sunlight und Vulentla to do the dlsUnce in, and both were easily beaten home by the constant Democrat, who made what was ciited the running for nearly the first mile. The Onampawne Stakes was an euy win for Chester, who wai the only animal In Ihoracs that ran np to his private promises, the time not coming op to what was expected. Athlete, who hid came with a tremendous rash a nif lit or two before, and was io run the fire furlongs a rouple of seconds faster than they bad erer before been compassed, never shoved in Ihe van; Habenaran out of all expectation, as did also Viscount, Lot-ton beating both bia stable companions, and the only one beside tbe winner that ran in hlB true form was Expectation, who was once more second, in front ol a large field. Speculation onee again asserted hit supremacy over the Doac&ster; mile, remiodWg one of hi* three-) ear-old' ooup, when he followed up a like victory by winning tLe cup ; e nd everybody was glad to con gratulate Jus popular owner, who certelhly has not been blessed with more than his due share of gooa fortune during the present season, having filled to score a win with such a grandaily as Expe jtation. Tbe much vaunted Burwood was io have done wonders, and lest be mfgut get up to a very short price after the race, he was backed before it for all the available p 'ttlbles to win the Onp ; but it doesn't appeal* so far, that Mr. Wilson made tbe mistake which the backers of this boras won'.d seem to attribute to him. If a not often the trainlne or the knowledge of tbe Bt. Albanspro prietors o»n be improved upon. It was Laertes's dayont evidently ; tut, as utual, a wry good chance was throws away In the riding. For, tbe Trial Stakes tbey backed one of thirteen at evens . Mid the f avonrite pTutea It oS comfortably, Mr. Xait'a two-year-old filly finishing a good second, l'he work of the course Bpemed to goon smoothly enough. Mr, Watford bad no close fialslies to trouble bis vision. Mr. Scan had reason to be satisfied with bis haadicauping, as one of his top and bottom welchts finished together in front. Mr. Dan gar m not a* happ r as a starter mlgbt be. and delegated the performance la (rout of the stand to Mr. OUbbom, who cer tainly madaiio improvement. The road was wellcrowdedon ' the leturn journey, but with the exception of a break-down two In which no uue mi hurt, there were no accidents, and everybody reached town In good order and good time. The following Is a re-utne of the sport :— Hurdle Race.— A Honalcap Sweepstakes or 10 sovs. each, 2 it., with ICO sovs. Added. 6econd horse 20 eovs. (from the prize. About two miles and a half. Hon. James White's b g G outturn, by Galgong, S yrs, 9(t WO (Corrigan) ? 1 Mr. F. C. Goyder's br g Quicksilver. £ yrs, lOst alb -Eowo) i P. Glenisrer's p s Garter Grey, aged, list (Ohlflney) 3 W. Vivier's b g' Ualnoovv, aged,; 9st lllh (O. Mason) H. Airer'e b g «V'arrior, iged, Sst filb (Knight) J. Trimble's to or b g Beacon, aged, 9st stlb (.8. Harding, fell) 0\. J. Kouerti' brg Baron,! yrs.Qat 41b (M. Bryant, fell) Betting— 0 to 1 agnst Quicksilver, 4 to 1 ignst Beacon, 5 to 1 anything else. Half a score were colored for tfcis event oa the card, and -Quicksilver had a loug way lbs call in the betting, W hen the flag fell the Baron was tbe ant to show, and lea over the first hurdle which was opposite the stand. Beacon lying next and -getting orer after h.ttlng hearilr, followed by QolckiUvar. Gaffer Grey lying list. Towards Ontts'n Baron began to Increase his lead, tvndwhen the obstacle at the mile posL was crossed had a lead of four lengths. Beacon still lying teoamt, Cronlbnrn bavisg gone up third, and inrrontof the fa vourite. Going over the seven furlong post so alteration oc curred, with -the exception that Beacon struck heavily, and [rested Harding to an ugly fall, both horse and rider going to crass, bnt fortunately both escaped without Injury, and al though Beacon was soon remounted again, was never afterwards in it. Warrior was fourth as they ran up the hill, and no alteration occurred in the order until tbey rounded the turn into the straight, when Quicksilver ran up teoond to Baron, but tbe latter, who rapped the first hurdle in the straight, conld flot .get . off quick enough, and rolled over. 'The Fenlatf '»arrcwlyi«»caplng being jumped on by Quicksilver. QulcksUvsjrjwMraS'teft In command, but before tbey bad ttkBBinanFiWlre strides, fioulburn supplanted him, and led over itie -jump oppoilte the -Grand stand. Balnbow lying uanlan&5#fl«r Qtef fourth/this order seeing them as far asOnHBi,^vOverthe7fi»rlong jump GoulbUrn was Jeadlng QuuskaU^Sjy half a length. Ealnbow coming next 4 lengths awaj^Siasatoip'^Wfipn*''* Goffer Grey, who lilt very hard, bdt wa» splendidly recoraKd by Boiffney. At this point Basin waa putlog the Btaud. bnt without the V ghost of* show.' -The first four as they went np .the hill, showed eighsot closing, and the heavy, weight was beginning to tell I on the 'favourite, who had to sit down and citl on him, \ Ealnbow and Gaffer coming next In order and together. Gonlburh lad ftolcktilvor ovtr the ojtticl- at the t&lner;'» stand byialf * length, an (old Geffer eommeaced*ojgo away from :&alnboir;, who was from this point beaten. Here the last strugKlecommeneed, and -Joulbnin getting over the last iumpgni tbe straight a length In front of Quicksilver, ran in a winner «ya eieex lengib. Goiter was third and SO j lengllulnfrontof Balnbow. Xime.fimtn.^Eeo.' i I The Autumn Btakts, a sweepstakes o! 10 eovs each, S ft., ' with ICO eovi -dded ; for three-year-olds and upward* ; , ?eoond iior»e-i(0 tovs from the ptiie; I{ mile. £ I Mr.U. X. Beld's br c P ride of tbe Hilla by Talk of the Hills I- | —Black Gipsy. 3 yrs, 8»t (Holies.) ... -'I; Hon James WhlWs b 0 Bemocr&t;, fay Gemma dl Vergyj S I { Mr. A.- Bowmatf«clih Bunllglit,' by Kelpie- Jrmrjita aged, ' ?^*tolb vG*.^S?hnmpssn) ... ... ... ... »3 Sir H. Jttoblnsonla irji Valentla, 4 yrs, fist 131b ( 3. Bamsay ) i Mr. A.Towri'«b f— fiuiy Mary filly. 3 yrs, f«t 181b (Irawson) Bettlngt fi*o Ion Pride ol the Hills. 6 to S against Eon- j ^ght.StolBgainEtotbers. . gtmjight got the advantage at tie start, but he was imme- 1 dlately passed by Democrat, who went to the front an d took up the running and led J»5t tho Etand by throe lengths, fol lowed by thetSdy Mary fiUy, Pride of the Hill'. ValentU, and 6unJ%ht9u-Uiat order. (Sunning past Onus's the Hon. .James JVjblte'j eplonrs were stilL at the front, the favourite 4iavlng4npplanbed.the JLady -Mary filly andgoinff-onMConfl, the ptu-GT-*tf]r6e.lyJng togetber^aud the papft. whichjiadordy been Ja.pan'ter,lbeVan to Improve. Going olong the far elje they »tl«g(ln,lo close, but going up the hill thelavflurite { shot, tothelront, followed by Snnliglit. tho lady _Hory(fiHy I lying Js*t OBd^n uouble. AsUiey rounded ijas some tnin ( tbofnTa'urttii began fo, draw^iway, tnd from tbl4 pohit the race waa never In doubt. Pride training In a common oanrer by ten leDgtta. Democrat *ai second, Sunlight third, V» laslia foorth, and !h6 IdOy Uktj £lly last- Time, 2mib. jswoseo.- t -'? ? ? ' OhsmpagBe .Stakes, a sweepstakes of 20.. sovs each 6 ft. .Bpr two-year-olds ; colts, Sst 101b. and fillies. Sst 81b. Fire furlongs. '?-?.'? ? ? . ? - -?? i Hon.*E. %.. XJoi's br c Chester, by Tattendon — lady Chester; 6st lO'.b (Donnelly) ...? ? ,:1 Mr. J, 8. Smith's b f Expectation, by Barbarian-Maid of j the Oaks. Bit Bin (F. Brown) ? -3 Onas. Edwards' chf Royalty, by Tim Whifller— X«ung i Ludlai- BstieibiYeomans) ? S A. Coder's br o She Dean, Sst 101b (Battre) \- -?- -bike Black Eagle, flstldlb (Willis) ' , H. Kennedy's brcOap-n-Ple, Sst 101b (Morrison) ' ? E.B. Jones' «*c Athlete, Sst'BuHOoJley) ? Hon. 3t» White's b] c larqnln, Sst 101b (UIcdoIbod) If r. Tbomas Lee's br c A oodlands, lib over, S«t 101b (Husod) J. Tail's br c Amendment, 8st 101b (Oleary) Sir H. Robinson's b c 7iaponnt, 8rt L01b (fiamsay ? f bciortoB,S«tH311((Pigott) Mr. W. Kite'* beby I«rd of Unne -Dolly Varden. 8st . Ulb(Endenon) -- W. C. OoUiftr's ch f My Stacy . Stt 81b (Bbeehan) ff. Serbert'tLf by Uarlbyrriong— f he Fawn. 8Bt 8Ib Hon. James White's b or brf S'orrhosa.Sst 81b (Thompson) Bir H. BoMason'a bl t Habona. 6st 81b (Hney) Betting: 3 to i v Chester, 6 to 1 v Habena, 8 to 1 each AthlsteandEipaotaUon. Not one cried a go out of the seventeen on the card, and ObnttraUrtedacuod favourite. When the flag fell, whlob was after 'several Freaks away, end Targnln and Amendment bad cinrei a good dtal of delay, by showing their tempers at the pott, Eojairy was first to ahow, sat was dlrootly passed by Athlele and Chester, who took op the running, followed by Expectation, TarqulB.Habsnt, Viscount, and Oap«-pto, Blank -Bagle lying la*tt«na 4n trontla. The podUons were mash theaame as they travailed on- put the buibes; bnt, coming nani the home tarn, Chester srasln front, aad going awayfxpm ids field at every stride. Athlete lying next In order, and heading the ruok. Expectation lying next, an! in advaaceof Ijorton and Babem. When they were once In the rtrafgut JDonmlly brought Cheater away, and never gtving them a show, won by tan lengths. Expectation was ?econd, Eoyatty third, and then came Lorton, Habena, Formon.the Sawn filly, and Viscoant. Time, lmlnS 1-10 sec - t - . TheBtleger Bakes, a sweepstake of 80 eevs each, 10 ft. Hot three year olds Oolts. 8-t 101b; fillies, 8st Sib, The I hlrd horse to receive 60 sovs cot of the stake. UmHe, Me. O. B. -EWier'j br c Bobhuon Crusoe, by Angler— Ohrysollto(J Morrison) _ ? I J:Tiit'«bf AdelaUe,byVanlo-Uyth(T. Halles) ... 1 Sir B. BobiEscn'j b f Qneen'« Head, by Tettendon— Gazelle (Huey) ? 3 brc Too], by Tbe Barb— flweetheirt (Bamcay) Belting : S to t on Bobfnson Crusoe, « to S r. Adelaide. * to I Tocal Mid Qaeen'a Head. When the flag fell Tocal, along with the favourite, went io the front, and fed the two fillies by abont. four lengths towards tfca Derby oonrae, which tbey got round without any altera tion So change occurred down th« straight, but the oolts who were together were trying to cut one another down. Tbey ran In this order all along the far side, but going np tbe bill the favourite began to torse ahead, and Tocal showed ?igns of being fejaten, when Adelaide end Queen's Head went on after the leader, and rounding the turn Tocal cried a go. Here Adelaide and Qa«eo'« Head made ihelr rushes, bnt the Utter dot being equal t» the occasion left Adelaide and Eobln EOsOrnicetonghtltont, the filly stuck gamely to her lough opponent until the Leger Stand was reached, when Morrison caUei on the vm of Angler and OorraoUte, and toe colt unvering gamely, won a good race by half a length. Queen's Head, who ran gamely, finished ten lengths away, third, and twenty lengths In front of heritable-companion. Time, Smln !5-scp. Doncaster Handicap.— A Handicap Sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, a It, with 100 sovs added; for all hones; second horse 30 sovs from the price ; one mile. Mr. J. s. Bmith-'a b h Speculation, by Kingston— Bessy m BedUm,«yr»,8stl81b(T. Brown) ... ... 1 W. 0. Freeman's b h Ijoerles, by Karibyrnong. i jts, 6«t 71b (Bancroft) ? .. ... 2 W. Kite's brh Dockwood, by Kingston— Myra, 4 jrs, 7stab(Hdrett) ? ... 3 E , E. Jonsa* br a Irish Ctew, 4 yrs, 8rt 121b (Oolley) ?T. Paterscu's br h Meteor, 4 yrs, Stt 121b (Teomans) &. HiU's, junr., be Burwood, 6 yrs. 8rt 81b (H. Lewis) J. Tata's bl h The Barb, 6 yrs, Sst 21b (Bcrivner) A. Iioder's bl m Hybla, 6 yrs, 6«t Sib (Bcttye) A. Bowman's b or br g Victor, aged, 7st 71b (Hanlct) T. Ivory's b c FarnhlU, 8 yrs, 7st 31b (Figott) A. Baqui's b c The Deacon. 3 yrs, 7st Sib ( AEplnall) W. Archer- r g Bookwood, B yn, 7et (ATCher) W. F. Oollfcr's br S Vetetta, 7st. Syrs, -EobBrts) A. Armstrong's b m Maria, 4yrs, 6st 121b (Cation) A. Town's b c Tradition. 3 yrs, 6st 121b (Nicholiou) H. Osbome's ch f Faith. 3 yrs. 6st 7Ib (Kennedy) _.B'J ''g : 9 to 1 v Burwood, 4 to 1 v Meteor. 10 to 1 v Hybla, The Deacon, end Speculation. ..When Mr. Dangar got the field away, which was aftervery uttle trouble, Speculation wa- om to ihow. followed by Barwoodt Irish StewandsTetearfnthat order, bntnnmfrg along the tar aide. Meteor, full of runnlnc, ran up and tool first place. Speculation beine second, Irish 8te«r third, and Burwood next, the pace being rather. Bevere. Going up the IdD Hefeor appeared to have bad enough of it, and gave way to Speculation, na0 was waited on by Dockwood and Bnr wood. It was dlf&onlt; to tell bow affairs stood as tbey ran round the turn, but fipecuiaUon and Dockwood oonld be made out easily. 'dear of everything else. When fairly in the straight Speculation began to go away from bis field, and-t the I/egor Stand was three clear lengths from anything else, but shortly After, Kid when within fifty yards of tbe winning post, Laertes came out, bnt too late, and making a grand, rush, got within a length of the winner, and beating Dock wood, wbe finished third. Tradition fourth, Burweod fifth, and then Meteor. Time, 1.45 S loth. The Ounces ere it Inertes had come sooner, a close thing would have been made of it. The Trial Stakes, a svcepEtake ol 6 sovs each, 2 It.; with 100 added ,- Ij mile. Mr. H. J. Bowler's ch c Waterford, by Marquis— A 1, 2 yrs, flat 31b (Fallon) ? 1 3\. Tilt's hr f Uoirs, by the Barb— Bobina. 2 yrs, 6st lib (Bancroft) ? ? 3 W. Kite's b g Woolstone, by Gemma dl Tergy, 4 yrs, 8«tl01b(Colley) ? 3 J. Boss's b c Echo, 3 yrs 8st 21b (Wilkinson) R. Rouse's ch t Alms, 3 yrs, 8st (Huey) W. J. Dangar's ch f eignora, 3 yrs, 1st lib (Halles) H. Ojborne'a chc Masquerade, 3 yrs, 6st 31b (Connor) b c Tattoo, 2 yn, Sst 31b f Kennady) A. Bowman's b f Ethel, 2 yrs, fist lib (Willis) O. J. Bobertc's br f Tlars.2 yrs, 6st lib (Williams) J. Lomsx'a br f Princess Yattendon, 2 yis, 6st 11^ (Harvey) Betting : Even money against Wa'erford, 4 tol bar one. Mr. Oibborn dispatched (bis field to rather an indifferent start, Woolstone ttdng the first to get -a»ay, followed by Ethel asdCrracerfo'd, buc wliea they got to Oatts'e, Ethel bad taken premier position, closely followed by the favourite, Wbolstone, and Moira. This order did not tee them far, as racing along past the 7 furlong poet aad t'e far side, ?Waterford tan to the front end made the running at a great pace, Moira lying second and Woolstone third. Ethel ran up second as they pasted tbe trainer's stand, bnt coming round the home turn, Moira again passed Mr. Bowman's filly, but could never get near the leader, who ran home an easy winner, beating Kolra by four lengths, WooUtone was third. Princess TatteDdon fourth, then Ethel and Echo. Time— Smin 16 8-lOsec. 