THE NEW DISEASE IN SHEEP. The following is from an article on (his subject in the Medical Record of 20th December! - "Graham, Mitchell, and Park, have undertaken a very unthankful task in attempting to prove that the disease which has swept off over a hundred thousand sheep in the Western District is contagious. These gentlemen are looked upon, as aiurmiBis, 11 not sometning worse, for they have touched the equal ters in the only tender part of their frames-their pockets Fortunately, the late rains Imve filled the water-holes-diluted the wafer in them - so that their contents are a little less like dung, paste, but still dung predpminates, but in thp form of a fluid very like green peasoup. "While it remains in this ytate there is just a chance that there will not be anothor outbreak. But if January and February happen to be hot and dry, sheep owners will have to hunt their pookots a good many timos over to ilud even the ghost of tho smallest coin yet issued by the Melbourne Mint to keep the dovil from danoing in them. The case, every one must admit* is a hard ono foy thp ppor squatters. They have been innooently orowding ten or even moro sheep on an acre of land covered witl» four or five inches of duns-sown it with rano because it grows quickly and is therefore profitable. The animals thus overfed, inhaling the gas from the manure, drink* ing liquid manurp and Retting UP o^or* cise-it is surprising at least to any one but squatters that every day from a dozen to fifty of the very best of their sheep, worth from fifteen to twenty.five guineas a piece, aro dead. With an eye to having, the dead ones are skinned no mattor whether thoso who do it be* PPfPP ipopwlfttpd tntji the disease, and dip pr gpt cfysjpplft?, foils, or inflammation of the lymphatics, and tboso animals Jikoly to live until they can be got to market, whore they often drop down dead, are sent off to spread the disease, just the same as a pfitlent suffering from fever spreads it to others. The disease, both stock owners and stock inspectors soy, is not contusions. If it is not, then puerperul, typhoid, and scarlet j fever, smallpox, and a host of diseases depending on blood poisoning-" are not." Blood taken from u healthy sheep cannot produce blood poisoning if injected imme diately, but if allowed to putrefy would not differently. The blood from a fluky animal syopld bp prop ]psg liable thap that from a healthy opo to pfodfype fever, for it is thin and pale, and the red cor* puselea do not presont more than a shade of piujt on tlieir outer margins the bilp j« thin and watery, and the liver cells pro wjjali ufjd filled with t?a««parpnt granules. This ia quite different to what is observed in animals whioh dio from blood poisoning,'tho result of the in jection of poinoned blood. The blood ia dark-coloured, the wbito corpuscles are more numerous than in health, and the red are irregular iu shape with fibrinous deposits botween them, showing the in flammatory nature of the disease. This so called " now diseaso" evidently consists in an inflammatory state of th« blood, pro duced by high feeding and what of exer cise, and then the introduction of the germs of fever from other sheep* or bad water." CoaiMQN-piAOB MEN,-'Mr. Ward Beeoher is reported to have said, in one of his sermons, " I tell you this, a coster monger's horse is missed more, and thero is more real mourning over its loss, than thero is oyer tho loss of a hundred or dinary men." JjciwsaI/EH and this POPE.-Reference was made, in u recent letter, to the ten dency of the Jews of this day to "robuild Jerusalem ;" but a still moro curious movement appears to htive lately set cn foot, viz,, a project for transferring the i rapaoy to Palestine. The American | Patriarch, Monsignor Hassoun, is said to be urging tho project of converting the cradle or tho Christian Churoh into an appanage of tho Pope, and to bo sup ported in this idea not only by Pius IX. himself, andby the Papal Court, but also by the Turkish Government, to whioh tho Papacy is rendering important sorvioe at 'this time. Tho Patriarch's plan is to at tract Catholio immigvants to Palestine from all parts of the world, to allot to them lands and cattle, to build work shops, and to oall into activity, on tho classical soil of the Christian crced, the various industries whioh causo tho other countries of the globe to flourish. The capital of the new state would bo Jeru salem, which would be placed by railways in communication with Botblehem, Naza reth, the Dead Sea, and the other holy plaoes. A great port would be con structed at Jaffa, and smaller ones for tho other oities on the coast. It is thought that the favour with whioh tho projeot is entertained at Some may indicate a wish on the part of the Pope and his advisers to secure for bis successors a new field for the exeroise of " temporal" as well as " spiritual" sovereignty. An English journal says that the pro posed piercing of the Isthmus of Panama, and the scheme of reconverting the Sahara into a sea, has induoea Dr. Reolam, the well-known advocate of cre mation, to write a warning article in his periodical, called Qesundheit (" Health "). He points to the remarkable change of the olimate of the Torres Straits, botween Australia and New Guinea, whioh in 1606 were only beset by twenty-six coral is lands, now augmented to 160. The gradual deviation of a warm current of sea water, owing to this sucoessivo stop ping up of the Torres passage, has already wrought a great alteration of tho climate in those quarters. Dr. Reolam appre hends ft similar danger for tho European, and especially the German olimate from the deviation of the Gulf Stream after the piercing of the Isthmus of Panama. He says Europe owes its moderate climate partly to the warm-water heating by the Gulf stream, partly to the hot-air heating bv the wina from the African desort. That hot wind, known in Switzer land as the Fohn, is a snow devouror and glacier-destroyer. Without it, the sun and the summer will not suffice to stop the progress of glaeier formation. The ice period of Europe explains itself by assuming that the Sahara was then covered with sea-wator. That ice period' would roturn if tho desert wore recen verted into a lake. Dr. Reclara, who is a friend of fire, has decidedly an objection to the domain of water. 