A FASHIONABLE WOMAN'S PRAYER. Strengthen my husband and may his faith and money hold out to the last Draw the lamb's wool of unsuspicious twilight over his eyes, that my flirtations may look to him like victories, and that my hills may strengthen his pride in me. Bless, 0 Fortune, my crimps, rats, and frizzles, and let thy glory shine on my paint and powder. Enable the poor to shift for themselves, and save me from missionary letters. Shed the light of thy countenance on my camel's hair shawl, my Li vender silk, my point lace and my neck-Lice of diamonds, and keep the moth out of my sable, I beseech thee, 0 Fortune! When I walk out before the gaze of vulvar men, regulate my wriggle and give me new grace to my gait. When I bow myself to worship grant that I may do it with ravishing elegance, and preserve unto the last the lily-white of my flesh and the taper of my lingers. Destroy mine enemies with the gall of jealousy and eat up with the teeth of envy all those who gaze upon my style. Save me from wrinkles andifoster my plumpness. Pill both my eye3, 0 Fortune, with the plaintive of infatuation, that I. may lay out my victims-the men-as dumb as images graven. Let the lily and the rose strive together in my cheek, and may my neck swim like a goose on the bosom of crystal water. Enable me, 0 Fortune, to wear shoes a little smaller, and save me from all corns and bunions. Bless Fanny, my lapdog, and rain down hail stones of destruction upon those who shall hurt a hair of Hector, my kitten. Smile, 0 Fortune, most sweetly upon Dick, my canary, and watch over with the fondness of a ghost my two lily-white mice with red eyes. THE DOOKIL EXPERIMENTAL FAHM.-Mr. W. H. Oram, of Shepparton, writes to tlio Aqe oil this subject, as follows :-"I notice in'many parts of this extensive district that the Secretary of Agriculture has got placarded about posters, calling for tenders for fencing, in the reserve at Dookie with wire fencing, and as a practical man and a farmer I would like to know if the said secre tary ever visited the reserve, aud whether ho considered even in a small degree the best kind of fence for the boundaries. And if ho says he did, then all I can say is that ho knows very little about his business. It goes to show that he has theory and is want ing in practice, for, I ask, who would think of recommending wire fencing where timber abounds in such quantities as on this State reserve. What wonder, then, that the farming community are up in arms about it in this district. I did think that these test farms were to be established for the benefit of the farming class, to which I belong, but I fail to see the utility of such, even if they wore successfully established under the direction of the present oflicers, for I ques tion very much if they know anything of practical farming at all; and in making this statement I am only echoing the sentiments of hundreds of farmers in this district. Surely, the department that costs the country so much pur annum has had time to show some good results from its labours ere this-how many private individuals would allow the test to be prolonged to the extent of live years eie good resulted there from-and I must say that either the officers of the department are behind in their knowledge of the work of this depart ment, or else they have got a'Minister at its head that smiles and nods'at their everyday work aud humbug. I 