a life sketch. " A. N," contributes the following story to the Rpckhampton Capricornian : — A gloomy and apparently endless forest, in which the tall trunks of, the gum trees rose white and ghost- like towards the sky.. It was night, a dark fltftrmv' ilrAhrr nitrTif hanrrtr nmafa rvP min/1 bowled and hissed, and swayed the heavy branches overhead in wild fantastic movements, whilst heavy showers of rain ever and anon swept bleakly over the dreary waste, and the dripping, dripping rain, and the moaning of the wind, only broken now and then by the melan choly howl of some hungry miserable dingo, or the still more weird sad note of the cnrlew, presented a scene as dreary and wretched as the eye could look upon. Along side of ahugh fallen tree might be seen a small fire, by the side of which a form lay motionless on the cold wet ground. Presently the fire began to burn lower and lower, and at last nothing was left but the red embers where before the. bright flames had been,._ This seeiried -tcr rouse the 'sleeper elowly. and painfully he arose from the ground ; feebly' he gathered a few sticks, and having placed them on the dying embers coaxed the bright flames once more to appear. As he sat cronch- ing over the fire one could see his face by the flickering light; and oh, God! what a face it- was ; not that. his features were bad ; on the contraiy, he muBt have been at one time re markable for his good looks, hut thle expression was a horrible mingling of remorse, despair, and fear. It was the face of one whose every desire in life was gone, whose past was shame, whose present was misery, and whose future was wholly and entirely without hope. _ Three short years before this night he had left his father's rectory a high-spirited, hopeful young man. Carefully trained from his child hood np, loved and petted by a fond mother and doating sisters, he had passed the fqut years of his life In the enjoyment of all that a happy comfortable home could give him; As he ifras the second son, his father considered it advisable to send him to Queensland, there to push his fortunes with the. small amount of capital with, which he could supply him. Accordingly, after many words of advice and admonitions for his future guidance, and tearfnl femhraceB from all he held most dear, he found himself on the good ship ; , bound for RockhamptoD. After his first grief at parting from home and friends had passed, his natural- buoyancy of spirit re covered itself , and he began to look forward to the day when, having achieved fortune, he might return to home and friends. He knew absolutely nothing , of the world; his life had been so carefully guarded from all temptations, that his very innocence was likely to cause his ruin. There were but two saloon passengers beside himself — one a harmless, steady, plodding fellow; and the other a plausible und success ful sharper who had been for several years in the colony before. His anecdotes of colonial life pleased our hero, and he congratulated him self oh his luck in having such a friend to coach him up in his new life. Gradually he fell- more and more under the influence, of this inan, and took his first step towards ruin by allowing him self tobe persuaded to drink. The dreary; monot ony of the long voyage, the constant example of his fellow passenger,, his own high spirits and love of good fellowship, all combinedto weaken the high principles which he possessed. And when they at last reached their destination, the very knowledge that all he loved and respected were thousands of miles away, that he was friendless and unknown in a strange country,, caused him to fall more easily under the guidance of his fellow-passenger, the sharper. We will not detail the old, old story of the groiwrth of vice ; suffice that oar hero awoke onemorning to find himself not only penniless; but deserted by all who, when he had money, professed to he his friends. - With a couple of pounds in his pocket, his' blanket over his shoulder, he left Rockhampton in. the hope' of getting work up the country, .where his antecedents were unknown. Weeks passed away, and he had not been able to get work. The rough privations to which he had. been exposed soon brought their fruits. HI to death's door, there we find him on that wild stormy night previously described. After hav ing made up his &;e as well as he could, he once again lay down on his cold, wet bed. Wearily he -closed his eyes ; and notwithstanding the cold,, he fell into q soft sweet sleep. A dream of borne swept through his brain ; he was a boy. once more. A gala night in the dear.old rectory, far, far away ; the schoolfellows that he has been permitted to invito, are.' all there :, the mistletoe hangs in the ivy-cevered porch ; he placed it- there,, and "conceals himself so as to take adyantage/bf the first who comes beneath it ; a lovely grn with long rippling golden hair laughing merrily (how distinctly he can hear it,) comes trippibg in. With eager eyes he watches her : a minute more she is beneath the mistleto — one' spring, his arm is around her waist and . the merry Christmas tribute paid. The dream- changes ; he is a man now, and she fs to him the fairest of the- fair ; they are strolling m a shady lane ; -it is spring-time, and Nature is in her gayest apparel. He breathes the word of love into her ear :— What ecstacy, she also loves I Quickly the dream againBhanges he is in the midst of a crowd ; he is troubled ; his heart is full of an undefined fear ; and she is there look ing sad, so mournfully sad ; and presently one Tw nriA .. Yiir fflt.Hftr mntltAr Anil cinfAra urallr W— WVVV.M, » «» slowly past : him ; they speak not ; but look at him with the same sad steadfast look as they flit softly a\vay from his troubled sight. In. despair he turns to her— the one who stills re mains by his side — and implores her to explain the meaning of this wondrous change. A mournful smile spreads oyer her face; and slowly advancing she prestos her icy cold lips on his forehead. With a feeble start he awoke, only to feel the. cold rain bathing his face; only (to hear the moaning and creaking of the frees as thhy swayed to and fro tempest-tossed.' " Weary Nature could support no more, and instinct told him that bis hours were numbered ; the fever had done its work . aided by hunger and exposure. Before the morning: broke the look of despair and woe had left his face, for death had swept; the lineB of care away, leaving naught but the frank bright smile of ybuth in itB place. That night in the . old rectory far far away, there was music and dancing, for one of his sisters had just been married. Little thought they, thatBe. whom they loved so well, had, through his own" weakness' and folly, died that night the death- of a dog. s.-" x A- v' CV 