THE NOVELIST. MY LODGER'S WIFE. The alarm from Fenian outbroeaks is too recent to roequiro any description here, even if I were capable of writing onne. but as a plain widow woann which I am--I have no pretension to write history. I only ,,nos tbte dwun in Woymouth, as well as everywhere else, we were always being startled by some fresh report of what the Fenians bad done, or wore going to do, generally the 'latter; this was common to all places, but we had special interest in them ,at Weymouth, because most of the men, when convicted, were sent to Portland, and we sometimes caught a sight of them on the platform of our station, when they were changed to thie little branch line. I suppose almost everybody who reads thoseo words knows that Portland Island is only two or three miles from our town, and that there are nearly two thousallnd convicts there. They have built the brea' water, and made a regular castle on the island, and so have done a groat deal of work there, if they never did any before they came. Now and then one escapes, but he is nearly always re taken directly, or gets drowned in trying to swim off to some boat. My husband, who was a master fisherman, saw one drowned. Although he was a convict, my husband tried to save him, but he went down like a stone not twenty yards from his rkilf. My husband was very much upset by it, for, instead of being a forbidding .looking ruffllian, like Bill Sykes, In Oliver Twist, lhe was a mild-looking, fair-haired young follow, who didn't seem above one or two and twenty. However, my poor husband was drowned hialsolf not long after this; and I have lived over since on i very little income he loeft me, and by letting furnished apartments in the senson. In the winter Woymouth is very dull, and I, living alone, would almnest have been glad to accommodate any one for nothing, in order to have company in the house; so I was very pleased to have a chaieoo of letting my first floor rooms to a very respcctableyoung man, who'wantod them at a reduced rate. ` I had ýbeen, with many others, to the station, to see a batch of Fenians change for Portland, but we were obliged to' come back unsatisfldd, because the railway companies would not allow any strangers in; this was the more annoying, as,we all wantedto see a Colonel La Troullo, a' Fonian from New Orleans, who had fought desperately when taken, and he had been terribly hurt about the head, and rende?bd senseles ' becat?b' he' 'wodild not .iurrenileet ' As 'it! happened, we were not able to see him, so we all went back as we came. I bad been.homoeabout ten minutes, and'?;as~iareming my cocoa?for my supper,. wlihenI heardi a knock 'lt the street door, and on opening It I saw a vorylgood.looking young fellow-very tlioht eery o ne k, with a bloc incus. tchie,. and 'aitoguat.*'* .: foreign :air;. He spoke! English,'howoever, and,. sai he had beaen advised to apply to'me for cheap apartmn'si'"th't lio was not very rich; ho had come to Weymouth believing he should have an appoint. ment.in, one of the hotels-ho looked s ;lf. hoe would. hliaoe mado a capital waiter-but was disappointed for the 'p'drsoiii ' He:'wlsh'ied to "remain in town, to be in readiness, and so had appliedto'nse. 'I 'was 'glad, he. had done so, oand'offeleod' him iny'mrooims cheap; he agreed ?to _tako,them, and set;for his boxesafrom' the station at oncehie ?had a great deal of luggage, more thanq most young men possess. I noiedr liad i' quiietor' gentler lodger in my,.li.fo than .hee was; no trouble, no noise, nover, out of an evening by any chance; iid 'hs' manner was always' so soft and! quiet that, as I used to tell him, itwas more like having a girl. in the house than a man. He would laughli ' this, and say the same' thing had often been remarked before. At first he seemed to make,noo inquiries after.,any, situation, or to visit his friends at all; but after he had been with'me.ibout a fortnight he-went out nearly every day, and all day long. "I ias ghliddto' ieeo'that he did so, for really he tuewed himsolf up in his room soconstantly that .I begun to fear he would Injure his health. What puzzled: me not a little was the finding thatihe spent a groeat part of.hisl time on ,the sliiand-notthit" Pobtland- is reill iin lislidd aioly everybody cdllstit so.-In the winter there cannot be a mryo, dreary.place in, the world than Portland; 'the storms seem 'to' rage til?io oftendr and:fleredr than they do anywhere else. The roads are bad, the houses are small and mean,, and erxc;pt for· tlie'wil?,'romantlo sea view which, lies all' around you,. and the awful" Race of-Portland, wirhlehno vesediri croses, there is notlii'g to be see?n' (My y-iiie gioajd me a visit about tlhistime,andd nothing .would do but I must go, wittijer over the l'sisad. I did seo, and,,to my ?'rrlsad, 3asMr.' Lewis-for.suclh twasmyiodg& n;amo -leaning: against one of thi huge blocks of stone which lie about the quarries, and gazing so thoughtfully iout t"' iele that ?th never noticed us `drivin'g by, 'Thaen my niece's husband came to fetch her, home, and as lie had eve'or: booen to. Womouth' before, he, tobd;,must;eeo-th4'iland, and I must go with him and his wife.. Sd'a "'econd time I went, and a second time, to my great 'surpriseo,I saw Mr. Lewis. To day lee wad talking to a tall man in plain ,lotlbhs who h'adjust. the look of a warder out of his uniform. They were in the middle of the road, so Mr. Lewis might have been asking his way; but I was confident, from their eager, hurried manner, that lie was not. Yet, when he recoglised "inc,'le'o 'raised :li s'cap, and tioe 'warder-I am .,'..'a. was a ,,...:-.?p-.ummute :along; a.:path, as though he was giving some direction, then we lost sight of them; but I did not forget the incident. A few nights after this I was sur prised, on answeringa~kknoelc at the door, to find some one inqlirlng for Mr. Lewis, for oe lhad -never.. had a visitor before. The stranger ,gave the name of Brown, and was at once invited up stairs. After a visit of about half an hour he left; and then my lodger, who had seemed, I fancied, to avoid me of Into, came into my little kitchen, and began in the chatty manner which had made him so pleasant to talk about the gentleman who had just left. He snid he was connected with one of the cheloflhotoes, and calloi to speak about an appoint mont. Now, I had lived in Weymouth mahl, wife and widow for thirty-two years, and I know by sight overy gentleman connected with every hotel there, and this was icone of them. And if cmy judgment was worth anything, this man was a warder from Portland, and what was more, was the very warder I hald seen Mr. Lowis speaking with on the island. I was quite sure of this, and know therelore that for soies pUrpeos my loelger was do. celviceg me; but I reflected tlat every family Ilas its secrets, so supposed he hlad reastons to mislead me. TJust now a complete clhango took place it my lodger's hlalits, for whlerC. as heo htid previously beont theomost retiring creaturo, kcpnllg hlilnsolf so tol?lly witlthin dehrs that scarcely a soul in the street kneuw lhimi, lhe now never seenmed to beo tired of hanging abetit the fiout door. 1iocleaned my windows twice as often as I lhad ioer cleaned them;'ho painted my shutters;? lhe painted my dower boxes, and was frequently trimming the flowers in them; while he'actually went two or [ three ;times to the White Lion, the public house at the corner of our street, I and drank his ale at the bar, Instead of eallowing the potman to' bring it for ,him, as hitherto had been the case. I I took' the liberty of :aying-for .[ was I quite told enough to .be his motber- that I lhopedthis.last would',ibt"~ ro i into habit which. fmight lead to harm, I when to my surprise he tburst out'cry leing, and he cried so, bitterly that I I thought' he woildt go into Hiysteries." ,1 I tried to soothe him, and. took lis band. in miles-he' had a soft. delicate hand, I too; bt i hei rose, and mastering him self by a groat effort, went 'up to his room!. ,In. the morning he. apologised for dipturbing me by his absurd ways; he had bad news from home, hie said. Of course, I told 'him'not to think'any' morel of such a trifle;, but in myown miind I wondered 'where he got letters from which had''so6'ipspthim; as!Iwas q, 'ite certain the postmnan had not been near the house all;day. .All this time I had heard no more ofthe asituation he expected;,but soon rafter the same stranger called again,--Mr. Brown, I meand.. He .called very;late'one ntght, and 'ent straight; up to Lewlse' room, cami down in an"very:short time,:and left glthiut"s'avoid;' ase :before." As I hld admitted him; I had 'i fair clihance of cbnflrming, my opinion; he. was''a barderTi "ireas-sure.' He was an tall, I blg-earded,' bigwhieskered and .mous tachbd, man; 'who 'stood "'fery; square wchen he spoke to you, as a soldier does; wealher.browned,, :as'- all' Portland warpii;r are;" and with a certain . uick, watnhful look of the eye, which, they' all acquirovery,?ono.?. ,- ,. .... :r 'ho next morning brought a heavy fall of raiii, with guets':ofwind -from. tho!sea; and on taking'upMr. Lewis's breakfast, :'.' ntiied ., tlha~'lie 'looked excited, if not :i'ld;'ind'I tf'ehred "thal he p~ad tikei'n cold. I' told hlini o,; bdt he said: * ,n , " .,j ' No. The fact. is, Mrs. Gerrnn, I must now tell you a little secreti'' am ma rild, aiid' I 'expect my ' wife fr?om toiwn, to-day.' . :. , 'IIndeedl': I 'exclaimed, for I had never dreamed of such a thing. ,'?Y,'s ie" ' went oi , selto is coming this o'vning, and I am a little worriled to think what an unpleasant ride lshe: :i'lSli 'hcertailnly will, poor thing,' I esij,a iu t 'i 'will ,do6 my:best' to' make her comfortable, Mr. Lewis'!,, .,`:, I"Eknow. you will,' ho-:replied. :'.I thank'y6u hieartily; Mrsi.Gerran : We rely' on ,you very mtouh.:e I loft him niis brepkfast and .;.wnt down. atairs, considerably ,astonished by what I 'had, blierd. Th weathern grew, worse ,during' thie day' adiid by ni~hlt it was little short of a templest I often'thought of the poor young woman who., was coming! all the way frr'; Londonilon n:i ,such. A nighti ?nul a what made it -worsel was tit;,tI' ioiuld not !offer to 'go and':.meet': her, ,for. strange to say, Mr,. Lewis "did .not know by what'train she would come, or whether 'sieo would travel by the Great Westerner, Soeth-western liin., It blow harder and hlarder; the furlousi blastse"of',windl swept' through' Four lit'tle strbt nnd diov'e the'i te' ?before it, so. no. almost to blind you, if you tried to face it. " Thero was not a gas light which was not' blodn out, and I nell not say that tho;e sky was pitch dark. On such, nightsI aihwanys sit and think of my poor husband, and of niany others who earn' thielr livihg'on the dreadful sea; and I can hear no thing, ?attend 'to"- nothing, 'but. th'lie howling of the storm KSo it, was no wondeorthat the potman knocked two or threo times"when he. broighlt Mr? Lewle's beer before :I.~ ht,.a:ntm; '.nd wnen I opened the door it ,was almost lbowinn tout dof my hand by; tCl .force of the wind. .,.--?,, ,'.., p, , i:;: ,. S' It's a' terrible nightl'Robort,' I said, for ho was a very civil young man, and had.been.'at the'White,Llon for years. ' It,!.ilsAndeed,i, ma'am,' be. said; ' there's na sea .on .to.night that's a flyiig' ovr thehCliesil Bank like yenst. They''e been, flring artillery on 'tho islnad; hbut except now and :then, in a lull; you'couldn't" hear the guns.' ,< 'Flringl' ia id; ,' firing! What Is that for,' Robert?' : . ' 'Moiroe viots iasof', ma'amn,' was his answeri 'i 'nd' 1 hear there Is iisome fellow of i.onsequenco among 'eom. Poorchlapl lie's sure tod b ceught such I h night as this;'If 'hliliiui t'ttutniblod over the face of nb"liff anleady.' I hade Iim: good tilglit'" nd closed the door, still sadilloer i my iuind than I.,had previously, bgeti. "It n~alvys made me. sorrowful wln?.. 1I lheart, of the poor convicts trying to oscappe. l Whatever their faults a have', boon, liberty Is swieet to all of' us,'anid ?iry few of them over succod in gottlng away-hardly anly, although 'many n one Ihas lost his life in trying, I took the boer up to Mr. Lewis's' room,'and r npping at his door, sanid,'ha I generally did, 'Horo Is ybur,leer, Mr. Lowvlsi' rand, as' usnnl, the door was opened, and hlo took it fi'om'mo. Instoad of Ihaving his lamp bi'rntIng, as wey his ouestom, lis room, wa\ . In 'complete . darkness, so thatI eoul hanrdly, see Shhn to give him the jug, antld in' the gloom hle seemed to look stoetoi:'innd a taller thoan eusu. Ho dil not speak, r whereas he generally liad n little joke; Sbut now heio'took the jug in silence. I Slllegored for a momoet, but fludIng that r he did not speak, I ~ia. going" down stairs when I thought: of hIs' wife, Mr. Lewis had almost closed the door, when I said how anxious I felt about her getting safely in through the storm, I when, to my amazement, he replied, without opening the door more than a few inohes, 'I ammuch :obliged for your kindness, Mrs. Gerran, but my wife has been in for this hour past.' I never was so astonished inmyalife. I had, made two or three little pre- I pnarisoms to comfort her, and felt hurt I that Ilshould not have been informed of I her'arrival. '-Yes,' lihe continued,.' she camse when the wind was- roaring so i loudly that you did not hear her knock. Ilot her in; and she was tired and wet, I thoghit the ?~ielil'tln she. could: do was to lie down at once.' -Well, per Hiips' lit was; but 'I 'ould nsiot help I faincyng that, for all tlhat, they might I have treated,,meo with a little more I consideration. ' However, I covfld'say nothinig; and so I wont to bed, and, as soon he the storm would allow, to:sleep. Tho first thing.I heard in the morn ing, from my milkman, was that only one of the: convict had tried to escape, and that for the present he was still at iaturnp z .neo suAa uuu." to f tDu wv* *.. that lit wasColoiel!tLa Troulle::wh q I had got away, but 'the government I pieople would not say much about'it; t the, iwhole place: was istir;}'he", isid. i All day long I heard the same kind of I tidings repeated; and, ID fact, I saw anou h to convince~se'' ihateiirmordi- t naryfexertions were being made to 4 capture the yrunaway., The Whitte Lion was searched by i' pl'ty' of I oflogra, and so was a house in the I sime street.:as?my o.wn, where a num- I her. f young men lodgers were titker. I Iheard, too, that the railways were t 'watdhed, snotonly at:our setatin, but I thati the trains were examined at I ildoes , twenty or thirty miles out, in o'ase theibdnviodtsh'odld have got in at some little station. It was sepposed, I bowever,.thla, although those precau- I tionsb'virb' faken, be was still in tli' I isladd, as, from his wearing the prison dre?e, it would be so difficult taor him to ehscape niotice .. . '. '' .I did not see Mr. Lewis all day, nor. his wife, but just attwjlight I was I stsartled by the latter coming quietly f intj my little kitchen and asking me I for the milk,:-She was a pretty looking I joung woman, wearing her hali in I Ipolot curls; it was fair hair, and shealo Nwa fali,'too;?quiet'!and eshy ,inf her I manner, speaking in a,voice so low that i Icobuld scarcely hear~ her. She ex plained thitli? h:li?scbFndl had,unfolrtu- I liately, taken a severe, cold, and would be bbligod to koop,hisbed for a day or .Of course, I offered any asistiaice in (my power;, she thanked me and wt upstairs., When sho.hliadgone I cold do nothing for the life of me, for maby minutes, but slt and thinkof lher; tli re was an unaccountable feeling, I qu te a certainty, it seemed, of having I knwn. her .before, although when or i wleore I coild "notsdiy.' So strong and I stryngewas this impression that it was eilmost.terrible to .me and, as I said, I ouild tlii;ikf; ifilothiig 'els for a long I tiae. [! However; Ielbhok tlhi fereling"off I atS last, and went about my work, I seeing no more of my~lodger or his wife I thpt night. Robert,-at the White Lion, told me I when he brought the supper beer, that, i although it was hushed up.as mu~i:has pdssible, yet it certainly was the I Fenlan who had . escaped, and that it was one of tih iombist~disperateind d I ingenlousoescpos ever heard of. N'ot, I ins'am,' he said,' as I believe in any of ybutr Ingeniousiescapes. I don't believe in a man doing with a rusty nail, or tswo prongs of a dinner fork, or some sich thing, in four or fivoe hours, what it would take a -ouileoof smiths all day to do with a basket of tools. It's the ,warie.: ma'ap a and thley make thesee excuses-thiats whist It is, ma'am.' Trhis was the opinion of Robert, at the White Lion, and I must own ?lihatI lnd on similar. occasions heard many people in Weymouth, express themselves to the same effect. i Once or twice the next day I saw Mrs. Lewis, and each time the im pression thlit I: had previously met lier grew stronger; I fancied, however, that my looking straight at her, to try anid remember w.hereit could have been, disturbed her, so I avelted doing so as inuch as possible, but for the life of me I could, not !help doing it sometimes. On the, following morning I had to go hut for an liour or two, and when I lhme back I found my windows clecned, the mould"In' tle flower boxes turned over and various little things dlone which told me that Lewis had been at work, as, Indeed, I foiind was thoe case. lie had, unfortunately, been taken very unwoll, before, I ~canme home,. butt previously 6o haid beeo busy, as usunal 'in front of the house. I'" A'i?ll attemsipts to recapture the con. vi0el had filoedi and so thlero was no longer, I suppose, a hope of keeping it quiet, that 'filght:grant' bills1 were stuck up about the town, offering £600 reward for thq npprehenslon of the Fenian Coloneul-=for it Wasn he, after all -and one of tohese bills was stuck sip on si enmpty house just opposite to oy owvndoor. I naturally got talking about this Withl Mrs. Lewis; nat-least, I talkcd and sho listened, for she sild Ihardly a wordt, anid st lastI\ when I struck a light to thlud somohllng sie wantblid,': fond-she was ar?ing.:- I told helir lshe was weak and low, that her long journey andi her hIusland's illness hand upseot her, and:n asked her to lot' mo rank hier sonme plirt wloe 'negt s the last thing that night. She thanked me, but dechfnedland wileon she wont away the remembrance of her,,,face, with the tears on her cheeks, seemed ten times more familiar to me than ever. iI determined to ask Mr. Lewis, when 3 saw him, if his wife had eoer lived in Weymouth, but it seemed as thougli I never. could see lhim again. However, I did see him that evening. -.I head been npetanr qfor sobme time, and I was, looklig over thie coten'it"Iof an oldiurawe,.;1 was:,very,qtiet, aitid my lodgers thought.I .wae out,-, but presoently I came down and met Lewis ascen ing, .carrying a:light; r-l-was in the dark ' Good 7evening,Mr. Lowis, I said, 'I.hopo'you are better.' . .. " Hellooked up.and.. sad, ,Yes, much better, thank you.'~, He passed on,,and left ime, almost petrified.-. It was not the same' man. 'There was the same dark I skin,., moustache,'' halr, ":'and whiskers;, the same clothes; ,but,the man, I although short, was, taller tian my iodgor,'decidedly stouter, and had.I aitoghet hc a h'arder; sternor expression. I There was no possibl~mistake. - His a voioe; too, was wholly diffJrent;'iand I ·--b . ,?sthlRr tltan walked, into m'y kltchen;'feeling as though''liad seen a ghost.,' I had niot strengthl to"ptocitre a light; but..in a feiv miunutes 'Mrs. Lewis-sent down, as I found,' iyliet' husbandi-came in with' one." Seeing + me sittig ?bipile' and icared' in'my chani, she seiidj: "A're you" illi,.Mrs. Gerran? My husband fear?iyou are." As if a flash of liih'tiling had suddenly r penetrated all the dark -places, of my mind, I aswias' it he poke the nieaning of all that had beeni mysterlious, and by her face ':I' saw she kneoy thIat /hIti' secret: was revealed., Site was ? my lodger; si e ws tlihe Mr 'Lewls I'lad known.,. Altered ad.changed' in every respect as site was I knew her niow. t She locked''her liandes, together, and I twisteda lier fingers with- a 'nervous, frightened? air, and looked aniiously at l me. ,a ' Who-who are you ?' I asked. ' Why areo "you"'dressed ,like 'this ? t Whb' is thle maien i"7 -''' . ' O, Mrs. Gerran,l' she crled,'throw ing herself downiat my knees, before.I could move to stay her, "forgive my I deceiving yolu, and still be my friend- be my husband's. friend::' If you' are ndt kind and .true to us. we are lost. We have 'no'home but this-no friend 1 but fyou?.. 'It. will' soon, :I 'trust,' be different; bt,- ati thits moment' my poor, husband is a fugitive, an outlaw, a convicte'and a'price is -set upon his head.' . . 'A piApce upon his.?eiadl! I echoed;,I Isi ho then- . i 'Yes,' she said, interrupting me, atl. though sthe was sobbing as if her heart would brnkb-' yes,;'my husband is 1 Colonel La Troullo,.the, Fenian'.~ We 1 are Americans, and we are :only wait ingfo" tlie p'preuit to cool; when we 1 shall cross, to France, nod then., easily regain our home-never, more, I. trust, to leave it, * ' ' ;i' 'Risoe up, my poor dear girl,' I said, lfifting her on to.na chair;, and believe me- that noimoney, would',tempt m'o to betrzay'yonr huseband; for your sake, at any.rate, I will bd tiru to you both,. I hopo,'for .you' sake, too, thaithe will leave ' his dreadful, and . desperate schemes.' "tO' Mshe. Gerrao,' she answered, ' do not think: him a blood thhretyi man. There never breathed n gentler kinder eing. 'He was saendlyl decoeived. in the business'which!brought him! here, but pray, coins' and "see ?hit 'that Ito' may know heo is safe under 'your-rdof.' I :wont".'ivlthsh' er, aind 'found this desperate Fedian quite a mild,' gentle ntaely person. He was full of, gim-l. tilde to me; and although his close-cut hairh,'now lie 'eat witiout his wig, and h11 fare' m eals i m :, 1-t?:l? * * .... .*.u. h, yet hIis eyes. swain with genuine' tears over and over again when toe spokoe of hlis wife and her devotilon to Ilim. i Of corse, every one can see, how it was managed.' When be :wan sent to Portland his wife' dame down dressed as a man, antd, while lodging'with me, took oare to familiarise the 'nlighbors vith the feotthantI had a young man lodger. One of the warders had already eoon'. gained' over-so Robert at 'the White Lion was not so far wrong in his guess- and he it Iwas with whom l had epen the 'supposed air. Lewis talking, andt wlho' aame to my house twioe., On his seoooid visit lie oamo to any that all 'was arrangeil,'nnd that her hnIsand would get away s ton after lark.thie nexte night. It was, fortu. nniuly for tlid schemeo, a.. very 'stormy one, so La 'lirull got ppst'the statiou, and followed, the Oesill bank :until he thought it safe-to strike thoe line, and then got over the rallway bridge with. oat being,reoognlseed. '"ie had -a large ril way rug over hisfe sehuder,e which hid Ilil coinviet dross,, anld the only :dangerous part of his journtsby was through the asreels'to reaeli my house I hitt t:le dreaidfull tob'ii' ,dleireil a'wav all pspongeor, nnd he entered our. street without ' havitng met half a dozen peoplo. ' Ills wife, watohing from her wintlow and seeing him, slipped down "a nd - opened the street ldoor, without, my 'knowtig about it. - Then 't"hoy removed the smains frotm her fitce, hands nud nook withli wshlies which els Ihad brotught Withl her, and Ito .wore a wig mitdo to rilmbldolioer shbrt cnrls. "Pooriyontg thingl she shotvowd me stlh beautiful looks whlulh shl had out off to enable her to look like a man, they must have been nearly a yard long, I am nsuro. Thtey thought tno place was aas safe as Weymouthitand they were'right for the officerer were hunting over' London and Ireland and Liverpool, ebJ good neea khbob ;? i?o ;'bfide La Troulle showed hims'elf alittle," lint not too niuch, and 'no one a ever sus specled .-thochniige in my lodgers. In abbut a fortnight he` got quietly ofi"board 'iafruit aloop which was gding back to France, and both he ward bi[ wife wrote to me when they go'tlh re; rid -ali ihlien they arrived at Neos Orleans;-' I don't know who the. warder was ior, what he received for Iis servicese but I'heoarl, shortly after, from Robert at'the White Lion, that one of them had left Portliand to go and take a' very handsome publio Ihese in London; so I had my.auspicions. . I I know thalt if I wanted'money, which L iam happy to say, thanks to, my poor dear- jtusbund, I.{o not, I should only have to tell Mrs. La Troulle, or go to the g eat house in Liverpool, of. which have all I wantqd. She would make me.aooept. her 'gold watch and. chain, and II have worn.t, and..ehall continue to ;.do so, In. memory' of her. Cha?uhbers's Journal.,, : 