EPITOME OF NEWS. e8g~ We compile the following from the various Jour nals to hand :— The ' Herald' gives the following from a Portsmouth paper, as a specimen of several blunders :—Commodore Good enough was wounded on the left side and on the head, and five men were also wounded. As may be remembered, the commodore gave a salutary lesson to the savages by destroying their village, al though he strictly prohibited the lolling of natives. The facts came prominently and fully before the public in a letter published at the time by one of the offi cers of the Pearl. The vessel at once went " North" to get cold weather, but tetanus spasms set in, and the commodore and two of the injured seamen died.. The commodore was buried at Sydney, New Zealand, on August 24, amidst manifesta tions of respect from the highest to the lowest at that port. ^Egles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— Mr. Phipps, J.P., late mayor of Kow, has undergone a kind of canonisation on his retirement from office. He was the recipient, says 'The Argus,' of a hand somely engrossed and illuminated address from the local magistrates. " The fol lowing is a copy of the document, which was presented at the cloae of the ordinary court business," &c.; The paragraph con tinues—"The church wasdenselycrowded, appropriate mottoes were hung up, and the church decorated with flowers and wreaths with great taste. The bishop, who performed the induction, afterwards preached a most eloquent and earnest sermon," &c.; I had begun to estimate the extent of Mr. Phipps's moral eleva tion under this circumstance, when I dis covered that the bishop had got into the presentation business through the mis placement of a paragraph. The Vagabond, formerly of the Mel bourne ' Argus,' is now writing for the 'S. M. Herald.' The 'Free Press' gives the following'! particulars of the fire that took place in Batliurst, last week :—Shortly after 9 o'clock on Sunday night last the persons resident in the neighbourhood of Piper1 street were aroused by the cry of " Fire !" the lungs of the excited crowd rushing to the quarter from which the flames were issuing having to supply the place of a fire-bell. The scene of the conflagration was at the rear of Mr. Huiks's bakery, near the corner of Benfinck and Piper streets, and in a very short time after the first alarm had been given a large num ber of people had assembled in Mr. Huiks's yard. The fire was discovered by Mr. J. B. Stewart, landlord of the Ex change Hotel, on the opposite side of Piper- street, who was in liis sitting-room when he made the discovery. He imme diately crossed the street and saw that the flames were issuing from the stable at the back of the yard. When he reached the spot the flames had secured extensive hold on the building, and although assist ance was promptly at hand a glance was sufficient to show that nothing could save the building or anything that it con tained. One of the first things done was to break open the door leading into the stalls where it was known Mr. Huiks's two horses were tied up ; but this having been done, no further steps could be taken to save the poor animals, as the fire was raging fiercely in the centre of the build ing. One of the horses, however, man aged to rush out of the doorway, but so roasted about the head, back, and legs, that it was deemed an act of mercy speedily to deprive it of the little life that remained. Meanwhile itB stable compan ion was seen writhing in an agony of pain and terror in the other stall, and at last it fell to the ground, one mass of roasted flesh, and expired. Seeing that nothing could be saved from the stable, effort was made to prevent the flames from spreading to the adjoining buildings. By continued exertion the fire was confined to the build ing which it had at first seized, and be yond the burning of a few shingles, and a slight injury to some goods so hurriedly removed, the property of none of the neighbours suffered damage from the fire. Mr. Hulks is, however, a great loser. In addition to the loss of the main building and the two horses—both valuable ani mals, and for one of which Mr. Hulks had recently refused £40—there was con sumed in the flames a buggy, one set of buggy harness, two sets of silver-mounted cart harness, and five hundred empty flour and potato bags, and a quantity of hay, &c.;, amountng in value to some thing over £100. None of the property was insured. How the fire originated is not known, but it is supposed that one of the boys who slept in the stable had omitted to extinguish the suuff of the candle which he had been using earlier in the evening. Money, to the extent of £4, together with a box of clothing, the property of one of the boys, was also con sumed in the flames. It was a most for tunate thing that a strong Westerly wind which had been blowing during the early part of the evening had lulled before the fire broke out. Telegram from Brisbane, in the ' Echo' of 5th inst. :—Sir William Jervois, in his report on the defences of the colony, re commends that the numerical strength of the Volunteer force should be raised to 1370 men, including the Naval Brigade, torpedo corps, one garrison, two field bat teries,engineercorps,eightcompaniesrifles. All of these are to be commanded by an of ficer of military experience. A battery is to be formed at Lytton, and a gunboat is also recommended. The total outlay for these services is estimated at £45,000, irrespective of the cost of veesels; and the annual expenditure is estimated at £16,500. The report does not recommend a permanent force.—The meeting of cre ditors in the estate of Messrs. Clarke and Hodgson was about the largest of the kind ever held in Brisbane. Fifty firms were represented. The total liabilities are esti mated at £90,000, of which the local ac ceptances amount to £14,000, colonial principally ; Melbourne, £6000 ; and the balance on home accounts. The assets are estimated at £30,000. The failure was caused by heavy losses in the ship ments of produce to England. It has been resolved that the estate shall at once be placed in the Insolvency Court. Ditto from Melbourne :—A rule nisi for a new trial has been granted in the action Ireland v. Chapman.—The R. M. S. Tan jore cleared with gold and specie valued at £124,000.—Henry T. Reed, town clerk of Warrnambool, is missing. A warrant has been issued for his apprehen sion on a charge of embezzling funds of a building society to the extent of twelve hundred pounds. It is believed that he is gone in the Whampoa.—The Avoca, on her trip from Sydney, nearly ran into a waterspout on Sunday evening during a gale.—The loss of a box, containing 5000 sovereigns, from the mail steamer China is reported. The gold was shipped by the Oriental Bank of Sydney aboard the Avoca and transhipped into the China. The loss was not discovered till the vessel reached Galle. It is thought probable that it may have gone on to England. The Avoca's strong room has been searched, but no trace has been found of the missing trea sure.—In the Legislative Assembly yes terday the Land Tax Bill passed its se cond reading on a division of 49 to 5, after a barren and uninteresting debate. It was stated that, including leased lands, 21,000,000 of acres, held by squatters, supported only about 7000 persons; while 6,000,000 acres of selectors' land sup ported 100,000 persons. An amendment, by a Government supporter, in favour of the adoption of a progressive principle, was withdrawn. Ditto from Adelaide :—Charles Butler, farmer, of Port Pirie, had his skull nearly kicked off by a horse. He has since died. , . The ' Cornwall Chronicle,' of Launces ton, says of the Evandale murder :—An inquest was held at Evandale on Wednes day, before Mr. Charles Arthur, to ascer tain the cause of death of Thomas Rudge, who was found shot dead on Tuesday mGrning in the kitchen of his employer, Mr. John Pearson. John Bresnahan, the supposed murderer, has been ar rested, and was present at the inquest. According to the evidence, he had also been employed by Mr. Pearson, but had been paid off on Saturday night. He then commenced drinking, and got rid of all his money by Monday. He disap peared from Evandale for some time, and then returned with a good supply of cash. The evidence also went so far as to show that he had visited Mr. Pearson's house, and threatened the deceased, with whom he had quarrelled before he was. dis charged. The deceased was shot in the face, and he was terribly mutilated by the discharge. A gun was found lying near him. Rudge was a steady, sober, inof fensive man, about 65 years of age. A verdict of wilful murder was returned by the Jury against John Bresnahan, and he was committed for trial on the Coroner's warrant. i According to the r Northern Standard,' the following incident Occurred at the Townsville Hotel the other evening. A new arrival from the Hodgkinson, one of the lineal descendants, we understand, of the old Danish Vikings, whose paradise was to drink everlasting mead from the skulls of their enemies, was challenged as to his powers of consumption. In sponse to the challenge the hero of the evening first ate two dozen apples, whose average weight was four ounces (or quarter of a pound) each ; then he dis posed of a dozen of oranges; and next undertook to eat a dozen and a half of stale buns. After consuming a baker's ] dozen of these be demanded a quart of water, which was supplied; and he sue- 1 ceeded in making away with the eighteen buns. He would next have undertaken a dozen tins of lobsters, but his medical ad viser would not allow it. Some of our informants aver that afterwards he went and had a few plates of oysters, but we believe the statement to be a slander, and that he went quietly to bed and slept the ' sleep of the just, and came down to break- 1 fast next morning like a giant refreshed. I The ' Capricornian' says :—The serio comic war map published by Mr. G. W. Bacon, of London, which has reached us by this mail, is deserving of a passing notice. Russia, the prominent figure, takes the form of an octopus, or devil fish, with his arms stretched out in all direc tions, greedy for prey. The wound he received in the Crimea is yet quite fresh, but he lieeds it not. With two of his antennae he has seized the Turk, who tries to defend himself with a revolver, while Greece, in the form of a crab, keeps nibbling at his elbow; The "sick man," whofearslosing his watch—Constantinople —has a human skull in his bosom, stand ing for Bulgaria. Poland is wholly in the power of the monster, and Persia cannot move. Hungary is held back from the attack by his sister Austria ; the French man, remembering his late defeat, is ex amining his weapons; and Germany, with a cannon on his shoulders and a bible by his side, holds himself in readiness for any emergency. Spain is asleep, Portugal has been drinking, the Belgian King is counting his money, and Italy is mak ing a toy of the Pope. Great Britain is represented by three figures, the most comical one of which is England, who resembles a peddler, and carries an umbrella, with a stock of "resolutions," and "£ s d." He is watching the in truder, but is not very warlike. Behind is Ireland with the green banner and "home rule." Scotland appears as a Highlander, with his claymore drawn. The map has many other interesting features, and we must say that the design is good and has been well carried out. During the Crimean war the European group was represented by animals—Eng land by a lion, Russia by a bear, and so forth ; but the map before us is of much greater interest. The Melbourne ' Age' says An in quest was held on the body of Thomas Moore, aged forty years, who was found drowned in the river Tarra on Friday last. Paul Brumbilla, teacher of lan guages, Spring-street, deposed that de ceased was a solicitor, and had only been in the colony a few months. He was un I married, and lodged with witness for j about .five weeks. He was a sober, qniet ■ I man, and very seldom spoke to anyone, i He took chloral in large doses. He was always restless, and occasionally had fits, j after which he staggered about as if in- j toxicated. He referred to the Varra in such a manner that witness thought he I was likely to commit suicide, and conse- j quently watched him closely. Witness ' last saw him alive at half-past 5 o'clock 1 on the morning on the 30th ultimo, when he asked to be let out, but witness re fused. Deceased then went out into the back yard, got over a fence, and ran away. Witness followed him, but was unable to overtake him. Witness gave information ; to the detectives. Witness meant to have given him into custody that day. In witness's opinion deceased drowned himself. He left in the house £62 lis. 6d. in money, a gold watch and chain, a leather bag, and a parcel of sundries. Constable Flannery deposed to having I found the remains in the river below Prince's Bridge. In the pockets of de ceased's clothes was found £2 2s. 9d., a knife, two keys, and some papers. The Jury returned a verdict, " That in the Yarra, on or about the 30th July last, the deceased drowned himself whilst of un sound mind." The ' Australasian' says :—The action of Levy v. the Mayor of Portland was tried again en Thursday before the Chief Justice and a Jury of six. It had been tried on Saturday, but the Jury was un able to agree. Plaintiff had been a com mercial traveller, and in June last, while being driven in a buggy along the South Portland road, the horses shied at a stump in the road, and bolted down an embankment. Plaintiff was thrown out, mid had his leg fractured, and has not since recovered from the effects of the ac cident. The case for the plaintiff was that the defendants were answerable under section 484 of the Local Govern ment Act in jnot having fenced in the embankment. The question of liability under this section was reserved for the Full Court. It was said for the defend ant that the accident occurred through nnskilfulness on the part of the person who was driving the horses. The Jury found a verdict for plaintiff, damages £500. The 'Newcastle Pilot' says :—An amusing incident took place at the Police Court a few mornings ago. The'sergeant, on marshalling his inebriates, and checking off the number from the charge sheet with his eye, found, to his surprise, that he was in possession of one too many. With astonishment depicted on his face, he marched across, and gruffly accosting the least- likely looking individual,' demanded his name, and business on that bench. Very few wonld take a seat upon it from choice, but, in this instance, it had been done through ignorance of the construc tion which would be put upon it by lookers-on. Mutual explanations brought to light the fact that he had wandered into the Police Court to while away an idle hour, and observing some privileged individuals seated in the body of the Court, he had innocently joined them. He subsequently joined the body of the public standing outside the barrier, much impressed with the novel experience. The ' Bathurst Times' says :—Fi Gee was charged with supplying drink to a prisoner in her Majesty's gaol at Ba thurst. Constable Morris stated that Warder Doig gave prisoner into his cus tody that morning on the charge of sup plying a prisoner in the gaol with spirit uous liquor; a bottle containing spirits was given to him by the warder. Warder O'Brien stated that Fi Gee, about twenty minutes past 7, came to the gaol with a bag for a prisoner confined in the —~5 named Pong Geo, which bag he to the messenger!. Prisoner Jig guilty, and was fined £10M imprisonment. A cor. of the ' Pleasant Creek News' writes A singular accident happened to a lad called John Schmidt, Hieibn of the landlord <of the Flour Mill Hotel, Ararat. The lad and a fellow apprentice named Wright wore engaged in hanging a stable door ; Schmidt was holding the door on one side, while Wright was boring a hole through it from tha other side. When the boring operation had been completed, Wright withdrew the auger ; but, to make sure of a clean hole, lie thrust it in Again, and pushed it forcibly through, just as Schmidt had put his eye to the hole to look through. The screw of the tool struck the ball of the eye with such violence that it penetrated it nearly to its full depth. The lad was promptly taken away to Ararat for medical attend ance, but it is certain that he has entirely lost the sight of the eye injured. The ' M. A. Mail' says :—A very sudden death occurred at Maryborough on Thurs day. A man named Cleary went home from his work for dinner as usual, and, having partaken of a hearty meal, Bat down to enjoy a pipe. He remained be yond his time, and his wife discovering this called to remind hiin that it was time to return to his work. She, however, received no answer, and thinking he had fallen asleep, she went up to bim and shook and called him again. She then to her horror discovered that her husband was not asleep, but was dead. Miss Martha Turner, who is one of the vice-presidents of the Australian Health Society, recently delivered a capital lec ture at Melbourne under the title of "Familiar Talk on Sanitary Subjects." Alluding to the necessity of taking exer cise she said :—Adequate physical exer cise was difficult to get, particularly for girls and young women. Women to whom walking was recommended had two foes to contend against—cheap cabs and heavy clothing. There were few who would not find some good excuse for not walking when they could be driven two or three miles for 3d. " Think," they said, " of the saving of our clothes." Yes, and let them also think of the damage they did to their livers. When she saw how they dressed she did not wonder much at their distaste for walking. When 24yards I of material had to be carried in one gar ment, and the train must be held in one hand, then, with an umbrella and the in evitable three volume novel, a lady was heavily weighted. But when the weight came to be poised on heels two inches high, and about the size of a shilling at the base (laughter)—then no doubt most people would ride rather than walk. (Cheers and laughter.) I .-Kgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— Another victim of the border custom house. A free selector lately arrived at Swan-hill, on his way, with his family, to make the wilderness blossom like the | rose. He took with him some of the potent evidences of modern civilisation. He de termined to include in his loading a case of brandy and one of jams, pickles, <fcc., but the latter, as he supposed, was left be hind in the hurry of leaving. Crossing the border, he mentioned the brandy to the customs-officer, and found with sincere re gret that he would have to disburse £1 duty. This was hard, but he grumbled and paid, as an honest Englishman gene rally does. Arrived at that night's des tination, and his travelling stock being exhausted, he resolved to tap the main flask. His wife held the candle whilst he partially unloaded, and, having found the treasure, he proceeded to open the case. To his dismay be discovered that he had brought his jams with him, and left the brandy behind. When he sought a re turn of his 20s. duty paid on oil-man's stores by mistake, the wary officer of customs looked unutterably knowing, and said he " had been sucked in that way once before." The 4 Braid wood Dispatch' says :—Kan garoos and wallabies have become so mis chievous that everywhere we hear of parties being organised for their destruc tion. At Long Swamp, on Tuesday morn ing,Messrs. Henry Powell, W. F. Gordon, John M'Jannett, D. Leahy, John Jones, Hugh Gordon, William Scott, E. Dalson, and two or three others met to have "a go in" at these marsupial pests. There were nine drivers from Bungendore, Boro, Mulloon, Long Swamp, and Wil leroo, all of whom were well mounted. All the above-named gentlemen were armed with double-barrelled guns, ex cept Mr. W. F. Gordon, who used a breech-loader. A good luncheon was provided on the ground, and, as a natu ral consequence, the post-prandial shoot ing was far better than was the case be fore the cravings of the inner man had been satiated. The sport was kept up for two days ; on the first, 107 kangaroos be ing killed, and on the second 102, making, with 47 which were crippled and thereby unable to escape, a total of 256. The 4 Ballarat Star' says :—The Chi nese camp on Friday night resembled a vast beehive more than anything else, for it was crowded from dusk until dawn by larrikins, Chinese, and sight- seers— male and female. The annual ceremony . of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who had died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. About £30 was collected to pay expenses, and was laid out in firewood, food, and paper patterns of clothing. At dusk a large fire was lit in the open air, and tom-toms, kettledrums, and reed pipes used, to produce an ear-splitting chorus. This music, unearthly, though not very spiritual, was kept up till midnight to at tract the attention of the spirits for whose benefit the good things were provided. Spirit etiquette seems be the same all the world over, and it is not " the thing" for even Chinese ghosts to walk before mid night. At that witching hour gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, and dishes wherein rice, fowls, fruit, Vegetables, and pudding formed an olla podrida were placed around the fire. When the spirits were supposed to haval enough to last them for another twelve months, and warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt amid many quaint ceremonies. The food was then distributed among paupers of the camp, and a group of the loathsome lepers from near the Rifle butts, who had crawled to the ceremony, got a fowl to themselves. The Plattsburg cor. of the ' Newcastle Herald' writes, of a chapter of misfor tunes :—Seme two or three months ago a very serions accident happened to a boy named John Mitchell, in the Co-operative Pit, by which the entire calf of the leg was stripped of skin, fat, and a large quantity of muscle. He iB only now able to get about with any degree of independ ence. About three days ago his brother had a finger cut off by a tomahawk, terday a third had_ smashedjn bei Acontemp. says :—It ib supposed that there are about seven hundred head of deer on Mr. Chirnside's station, Werribee Park, Victoria. A drive was made lately, and twenty-five were shot. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says:—A sailor, by name Joseph Gardiner, died at the Hospital on Tuesday night. He was ad mitted on the 6th August, having fallen from a cart on. to the wharf, and after wards into a ship's hold, severely fractur ing liis skull. His injuries were attended to, but inflammation set in, and he lin gered on in great pain and nearly uncon scious until his death occurred. The de ceased had made himself a favouriteduring tlielucid moments after his admission, and his death is much regretted. The ' Southern Argus' says, of a clever trap for a thief:—When the Yass Odd Fellows' band was at Gootamnndra, a few days ago, one of its members, John Wood, had his cornet stolen from him. Suspicion rested on three individulas, two of whom left the inn ; the third man, whose name is Smith, and who was not in any way connected with the other two, remained. He was questioned about it, but denied all knowledge of it, and threw the blame on the two men who had gone. The innkeeper (Mr. A. Dempsey) had his doubts, and believed Smith to be the real delinquent who had taken a fancy to the cornet, and, to put the value of his opinion to the test, he hit upon the fol lowing clever ruse :—He put certain marks in writing on a pound note, and then went to Smith and offered him the £1 ^t> give up the cornet. Smith said he would have to give the £1 to the other men to get it, and, upon Dempsey telling him that didn't matter, started on his pre tended tramp after the imaginary thieves. Previous to leaving, DempBey had made arrangements to have him watched, and the detectives discovered that, instead of going along the road the other men had taken, he went into the bush and stopped at the back of a large tree, from which place he pulled forth the cornet. Upon taking it back to the inn, he gave his own little episode about the success of his mission, after which he was appre hended. Dempsey then related his story about the £1, which waB found upon pri soner when searched. The Mount Perry cor. of the ' Mary borough Chronicle' writes :—A very dis astrous fire broke out about 2 o'clock this morning, in the slaughter yards of Messrs. Pollock Bros. The fire was first dis covered by two miners, named Nennies and Cox, who were living in the neigh bourhood, Arriving at the scene of the' conflagration, they found that a very | large shed was in flames ; in the shed I was at the time a great number of sheep skins, hides, and tallow ; one cask of tallow (partly burnt), and some half dozen hides, were all that was saved. Messrs. Nennies and Cox, the only per sons present, managed, at great risk to themselves, to pull down some fences and _ small sheds connected with the burning building, and by that means succeeded in Btaying the further ravages of the devouring element, and saving from destruction property worth sever.il hun dred pounds. 1500 sheepskins, some hides and tallow, and a great number of other articles fell a prey to the flames. How the fire originated is at present a mystery, as no fire was used during the day under the boilers or in the yard, and no person slept on the premises. Messrs. Pollock Bros, estimate their loss at up wards of £200. The greatest praiso is due to Messrs. Nennies and Cox, through whose exertions the rest of the extensive establishment was saved, for it is Certain that, but for their timely arrival on the scene of the disaster, the whole of it would have been in ashes. In the * Newcastle Herald,' Arthur W. Garrett, of Charlestown, challenges Wil liam Budge, of the Glebe, to make apple dumplings, or plum puddings, for £5 a side. The Orange ' Examiner' says :—On Monday morning last, a young man named John Lakeman, employed at the Railway Station, was in the act of cou pling two trucks (which, we are informed, were in motion at the time), when he got his arm, midway between the elbow and shoulder, jammed between the buffer and the cylinder, and had it severely crushed. Fortunately the bone was not broken. We fear it will be some time before the unfortunate young man will be able to resume work. The Marong correspondent of the ' Ben digo Advertiser' writes :—" The other day two ladies (one of whom was on a visit from Echuca) went to Bullock Creek for water for domestic purposes, and whilst they were filling their buckets they were alarmed by bearing a sudden and very loud crash, like the breaking away of the heavy limb of a tree ; and such waB really the case, for upon looking up they saw, to their horror, an immense branch tear ing itself away from the parent stem. One of the ladies was so paralyzed by fear that she was perfectly unable to move, and, with her eyes steadfastly fixed on the object which appeared certain to cause her destruction, she maintained her sta tue- like position until the heavy mass of timber fell to the earth close to where she was standing. The other lady, on the contrary, displayed great presence ' of mind. One of her children was. at the time lying down on the bank of the creek, watching its mother and her companion, when the former immediately sprang for ward and seized the infant, just in time to prevent its being causbed out of human form. Providentially they all escaped, without any further injuiy than the fright, and from this they soon reco vered." A contemp. says :—It is not often that a man who had been sentenced in Eng land for shooting a person, was then transported, made his escape twice, wae then at the head of a band of bushrangers for some years,, a reward of 200 guineas being offered for his apprehension ; was , captured, convicted of murder, and sen-i tenced, should be reprieved, and then di^ in his bed on a farm that he had pur chased with the fruit of his own industrj But this is what happened to a man par Martin Cash, who died on Sunday in 1 mania. His own version was that haj saved a little money in Ngj after his liberation, at Glenorchj the rema tranqufij This he < An Er decision^ chesterj her to, had rj| forj the re of the ctor, Mr. Reaped with 9d hip. I- Application pnt to place to reserve a m ostcblish __ 'central Agri company has been manufacture of pipes Dasmanian iron.—The Volunteer review is to be held at Sunbury. The trustees of the racecourse declined to grant the use of their ground for the purpose.—The new system of signalling applied to railway trains lias been found to be a great Buccess, and will be gene rally fitted to all trains. The same issue says :—The Govern ment havo accepted the tender of Messrs. Beyer, Peacock, and Co., for the con struction of twenty-four locomotives, at a cost of .£2780 for each. No Australian tenders were sent in, and the tender which has been accepted was the lowest of six: sent in by English firms. The 'Tamworth News' says One more old resident, Mr. Henry Heyman, formerly landlord of the Gold Diggers' Arms, joined the majority this week. His death was not unexpected, as he had been ailing for many months past. His funeral on Tuesday was very largely attended.—An investigation into the cir cumstances attending the death of Johnny Dell, a Chinaman, was held by Mr. M'Do nald, J.P., on Tuesday, 4th inst. From the evidence of the gaoler, Mr. Hueston, it appears the deceased came to the lock up with his throat cut, and said that he had cut himself and he wanted to die. He had lost a quantity of blood before he gave himself up. The evidence of Dr. Callaghnn showed that death resulted from exhaustion caused by a wound, a re pulsive gash across the throat, which ap peared from deceased's statement to Mr. Hueston to have been self- inflicted.—On Wednesday, before the P.M., Francis Cameron, charged with making a false de claration under the Lands Acts of 1861, was committed to take his trial at the next Circuit Court to be held on the se cond proximo. Bail allowed—defendant in .£40, and two sureties in £20 each. The ' Yass Courier' says :—We have be fore us the envelope of a letter which was posted at Yass on the 2nd October, 1871, and which for nearly six years past has been on its travels iu search of the gen tleman to whom it was addressed. The letter is plainly directed to Boweu Downs, Queensland, and from the nu merous postmarks it appears to have been a visitor to nearly every post-office in Queensland. The gentleman for whom the letter was intended died in Yass a Bhort time since, after a residence of several months. The letter was returned to its writer from the Dead Letter Office, Sydney, on the 28th instant. The ' Herald's' Newcastle cor. writes : —At the District Court, to-day, a case of some interest to sporting men was heard. A man named Matthew Bell sued Mr. Bunn, landlord of an hotel at Lambton, to recover the sum of £50. The circum stances of the case were as follows:—A pjfrtoh was made in July last for Bell to play one Joseph Wilson a game at quoits for .£50 a side, and Bunn was chosen stake holder, and Mr. D. Dunlop referee. The articles of agreement stated that the game should be played on the 14th July, and it was carried on until it grew dark, when Bell refused to go on. The referee gave his decision then in Wilson's favour, and the money was handed over to Wilson by the stakeholder. Bell considered the ; match should have been drawn, and so sued to recover the amount of his stake, , His Honor considered the game should i have been played out on the 14th July, ; as the articles specified; and gave a ver ' diet for defendant. Its Wagga cor. writes :—On Saturday week we had a grand review of the Chinese gambling fraternity at our Police Court, the officer in charge of the police having directed a raid upon one of the most no torious of the fau-tan and opium-smoking dens of the town. Eleven Chinamen and two Europeans were pounced xipon sud denly on the previous night, while they were engaged in their fascinating pastime, and, arrested on a warrant, made their ap pearance the following morning before the P.M. The prisoners, or some of them, had secured the services of Mr. Fitzhar dinge, who insisted that the arrest was bad, and that the prisoners were improperly before the Court, the Judges of the Su preme Court having held that proceedings in cases of the sort should be by informa tion and summons. The Bench accepted this view of the matter, and discharged the prisoners. The police activity has therefore borne no great fruit, for we have heard nothing further of the matter, though the general expectation was that ' the necessary summonses would be taken out at once.—One of our large stores (Roberts, Copland, and Co.) had a very narrow escape from fire on Friday. Some counters in the drapery department were being polished, the material used being in a tin, which was kept heated over a lamp. The composition (beeswax and turpentine) caught fire, and flames were rapidly spreading over counter and floor close to some light inflammable goods, when a lad named Steward, one of the employees of the establishment, pluckily rushed in, seizing hold of the blazing tin, and ran with it out into the street, at the cost of a severely burned arm. Its Dubbo cor. writes No person who has not travelled through the district can form any conception of the ravages of the drought. Not a station-holder, not a selector, has escaped loss. Hundreds of thousands of sheep have perished, and many thousands of cattle. Every stock owner is a loser. There are no excep tions. The destroyer has dealt its blows impartially. Ride over any run, and you ■will Bee on every side in the shape of bleached bones and dead carcases evidence of the terrible work of the drought. Some large stations have lost 33 per cent, of their stock ; on one run, out of 2500 cattle, only 500 can now be mustered. The stock have fallen thick as leaves in Yallambrosa, and until the shearing is over no reliable idea of what has gone can be obtained from those sheep runs were the stock waB paddocked. The rain we have had is only a brief respite. Three or four days' heavy downpour are required on the Gastlereagb, Mac quarie, Bogan, Duck Creek, Wammerawa, Marthaguy, and Merri Merri, before we can say with anything like confidence that the drought has broken. The showers of Wednesday and Saturday will assist to tide over, and, hoping for better things, it is only meet that we should be thank ful for even the small mercy at present vouchsafed to us. fire in alone. alive at one of the local he had dined the previous evening, and which he left about 10 o'clock in his customary robust health. He appears to have gone home after leav ing the hotel and taken a seat before the fire in his parlour, for the purpose of reading, and while so occupied he must have fallen asleep and died without the least struggle. The book was partly open, and one ef his fingers was placed between the leaves as if he dosed off while think ing. There were two candlesticks beside him in which the lights had evidently burned down. He was found in this posi tion abontll o'clock on the morning above mentioned. A post-mortem examination was held by Dr. Syme, and the cause of death found to be disease of the heart. He was bom in Ballingary, county of Tipperary, Ireland, famous as the scene of the celebrated Cabbage-garden Riot. He was an ardent Young Irelander at the time of the disturbances in his native country about a quarter of a century ago, and in consequence of which he is said to have emigrated. He was at one time wealthy, but is said to have lost in mining. The following notice appears in the 1 Gazette' :—Whereas, on the 3rd August ultimo, the body of a man name unknown, with the skull broken, and a bag contain ing iron attached to the waiBt, was found in the fork of a tree in the Warrego River, about five miles from Belalie Sta tion, and seven miles from the borders of Queensland : And whereas, at an inquest held at Belalie Station, before the Dis trict Coroner, the following verdict was returned " That deceased was wilfully murdered by some person or persons un known Notice is hereby given that a reward of £25 will be paid by Govern ment for such information as will estab lish the identity of the deceased, and a furthur reward of £75 for such information as shall lead to the apprehension and con viction of the guilty person or persons. In addition to the above reward his Excellency the Governor will be advised to extend a free pardon to any accom plice, not being the person who actually committed the murder, who shall first give such required information. Descrip tion of deceased : About 40 years of age, 5 feet 10 inches high, sandy whiskers, front teeth in upper jaw large, with one over lapping the other. The ' Herald's' Mudgee cor. writes : At the last meeting of the Mudgee Bo rough Council, the sum of £50 was voted towards the fire brigade at present being formed in Mudgee, the amount to be paid as soon as £100 has been locally sub scribed. I believe the committee have some £70 in hand, and no doubt will soon raise the £100 requisite to secure the £50 voted by the Council. It is also stated the different Fire Insurance Companies in Sydney have expressed their willingness to supplement any sum over £200, locally raised, by ten shillings in the pound. This would give the committee a capital of £225, and they have ordered an engine from Sydney, which will cost some £200 when landed here. From the above it will be seen there is at last a goodly pro bability of an efficient fire brigade being established in Mudgee. Some time ago, at the Wagga Sessions, a squatter named John Jenkins was in dicted for having unlawfully and mali ciously wounded John Brogan. The Jury brought in a verdict of guilty of an aggravated assault, which the Judge de clined to receive. They then gave a verdict of guilty of an assault occasioning actual bodily harm, which was accepted, and Jenkins was sentenced to three months in gaol with hard labour, and to pay a fine of £100, or be imprisoned for six months. On an appeal to the Su preme Conrt in Banco, their Honors una- I nimously quashed the conviction, and ordered the fine to be returned. They held that the Jury were wrong in bring ing in a verdict on a count which had not ' been laid in the indictment, and ordered the liberation from custody of the defend dant. The Judge who accepted the ver dict was Mr. Forbes. The ' Herald' says :—At the Central Police Court, Evans v. Howard, other wise Mason, was an information for as sault. Complainant deposed that on last Saturday night he went with his wife to the School of Arts (where there was a public entertainment), having two tickets for admission; the tickets having been examined, witness and his wife passed on to the door leading to the front seats ; he presented his tickets to the defendant, the doorkeeper, who refused to admit him, and taking hold of his coat dragged him through the doorway back into the passage ; Mr. Bazar, the lessee, came up, examined witness's tickets, and told him to go in, which, under the circumstances, witness declined to do; while ho was conversing with Mr. Bazar, the defendant struck liim a blow on the nose with his clenched fist; the blow knocked him against a lady who was passing in, and caused his nose to bleed. Charles Byne corroborated complainant's evidence. The Bench considered whether they should send defendant direct to gaol for one month, without giving him the option of paying a fine ; but, aB a majority of the magistrates were found to be against this, it was decided to fine the defeudant £5, inclusive of professional and' Court costs (the highest penalty for a common as sault), and in default of his paying the fine to send him to gaol for two months. Mr. Roberts appeared for complainant. The ' Herald' says :—We believe that Mr. Charles Moore, the director of the Botanic Gardens, has been requested to superintend the laying out and planting of the vacant pieces of ground forming portions of the different railway pre mises. The work is only now being ini tiated ; but the Government are to be commended for their endeavour to make the property of the public as pleasing and attractive as possible. We hope that, wherever possible, permanent Bhade trees will be planted along the boun daries, for there is no country which stands in need of a good example in this respect greater than New South Wales. We are accustomed to extol, and rightly so, the natural beauty of the country j but we give ourselves very little concern about preserving or increasing its charms. Victoria has to a considerable extent in troduced the practice of street-planting, which has done so much to beautify the boulevards of Paris, and to give an inde scribable loveliness to many of the Ame rican citieB; but in the neighbourhood of our cities and towns there is no such protection from the glare of the sun. There are a few of the Public school grounds winch have trees around them, bat as a general rule the condition of the playgrounds is bare and utterly discredit able to the local boards, the Council of Education, or whoever is supposed to be responsible for the health and comfort of the little fblks. M. and D. Advertiser' says:— j M'Alpine, a lad of 18, was killed on Tuesday, by falling down the shaft of the Victorian claim, Taradale.—The Bal- i larat' Courier' states an interesting mar riage took place on Wednesday, between a couple for whom " love's young dream" has not lost all its romance. The united ages of the newly-wedded pair amount to 115 years. A large jew fish was caught at Tinonee, Manning, lately, by a ferryman—it weighed 30 lbs. Telegram from London, in Friday's ' Echo':—September 5. A Turkish offi cial despatch states that the Russians were repulsed near Kudikoi, with the loss of 1000. A Russian official despatch states that the Turks were expelled from Kudikoi, with heavy losses, whilst the Russians lost only 170. A Turkish un official despatch states that the Turkish army corps from Rasgrad is advancing upon Biela, and that a great battle is be lieved to be imminent. Special corres pondents states that Sulieman Pasha has virtually abandoned the attack upon the Schipka Pass.—The Servia Militia iB under marching orders. The ' Newcastle Herald' says:—A son of Mr. James Elliott, of Greta, while burning timber on the estate of Mr. B. Wyndham, Leconfield, received a com minuted fracture of the shine-bone by a pieee of timber falling upon him. He was carried home a distance of two miles, where Dr. Williams attended to him, and at present he is doing as well as can be expected. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says :—On Saturday morning last the prisoner John Behan appeared, on remand, before the Police Magistrate, charged with commit ting a criminal assault on one Julia Sulli van, on August 15. The prisoner was fnlly committed to take his trial at the next sitting of the Toowoomba Circuit Court. The ' B. F. Press' saysOn Thursday last a man named Michael O'Brien, resid ing at Fish River Creek, was engaged cut ting timber in the bush, and whilst so en gaged met with a very serious accident. He was in the act of swinging the axe to cut a log at his feet, and when the axe was in the act of descending it struck au overhanging branch and was diverted from its proper course, the blow falling upon his right foot. By the force of the blow the foot was frightfully eut, the edge of the axe entering the large toe and splitting the foot to the centre. The he morrhage was with difficulty stopped and the sufferer was placed in the train and conveyed to Dr. Fawcett's surgery, where he received immediate attention. He is now progressing favourably. Telegram from London, in Saturday's 'Echo' :—September 6. Mehemet Ali telegraphs that Ahmet Eyoub Pasha has driven the 12th Russian corps across the Lorn, with a loss of 3000 men ; the Turk ish loss was 900. The Turkish forces at Widden have been reinforced.—Madame Theirs, claimingtoarrange the funeral cor tege of her late husband, wished the pre sence of the Senate and Deputies. The Government, however, would not partici pate and would only pay military honours to the deceased. Ditto from Melbourne :—Thos. Wray, the veteran cricketer, is dead.—Woodlands is now the great favourite for the Mel bourne Cup. First King, Woodlands, and Chester are best favourites for the Derby. —Paterson, late secretary of the Darebin Shire Council, who was brought from New Zealand, pleaded guilty to the charge of embezzlement, and was sentenced to four months' imprisonment.—An old wo man, nearly 70 years of age, was kuocked down by an omnibus to-night in Spencer street, and severely injured. It is un likely she will recover. Ditto from Adelaide :—John Paxton, secretary of the Gas Company, has died from injuries received through a trap ac cident.—The ketch Vivid sprang a leak, and sank in the port yesterday. Ditto from Port Darwin, via Adelaide: —Mr. Sergison brought an action against the Netherlands-India Steam Navigation Company for loss of a box containing a a hundred pounds' worth of effects shipped at Sydney. A verdict was j given for defendants.—Mr. Little has returned from his inspection of the tele graph line. He says the country is looking splendid. The cattle stations have pushed forward beyond Alice Springs, and he be lieves the country nearer Port Darwin will soon be occupied. The same issue says:—We are in formed that, on the 26th of August last, there died in the Liverpool Asylum an old man named John Gilligan, aged 107 years, who had been for some time an in mate of the institution. In Melbourne, recently, Wm. Heskett Betts, aged about 42, a mining speculator, committed suicide, by cutting Iris throat. He has left a wife, iu England. The ' Herald' says, of an application to the Supreme Court in Banco :—M'Pher son v. the Borough of B&thurst.; This was a petition for leave to appeal to the Privy Council against the judgment of the Court granting a new trial. The ac tion was for negligence, and £1000 was claimed ; a verdict had been for the de fendant. Mr. Darley appeared for the petitioner; Mr. Davis, contra. The Court granted leave. The defendant to give security in £300 to prosecute the ap peal and payment of costs which might be awarded. The plaintiff to be at liberty to go on with a new trial; the amount of the verdict, if any, to be paid into Court and invested. The plaintiff also to receive the amount of costs within a month already payable to him, and to pay them into Court, also to be invested, pending the appeal. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says :—From in formation received, Mr. Thorpe, Sub In spector of police in Newcastle, obtained a search warrant and proceeded on Wed nesday to some premises in the occupa tion of Mr. Alexander Lindsay, in Scott street. In an old back shed, a dilapidated old building at the rear of the store, nearly in an open place, he found nine cases, each containing 50 lbs. of powder. What would have been the result if, by auy "cause, this quantity of a fearfully de structive compound had exploded can be better conceived than described. The powder was removed to the magazine. The prosecution will be brought before the police court, and the penalty provided by the Act is a heavy one. Mr. Lindsay says the powder was sold at an auction some time ago, that it is made by the Australian Safety Blasting Powder Com pany, Melbourne, and that it burns slowly, and has only explosive power when in a confined space. The name given to it is pyrolignoine. In a confineot^epace it is said to have four times the force of ordi nary powder. The other day, in Sydney, James Hayes, cabman, for demanding from a lady more than his legal fare, was fined £3, with 26s.-costs, or one month in gaol; and Andrew Green, for a similar offence, was fined 10s., and 15s. Cd. costs, or seven The ' Mudgee Times' says :—At the present time, when the marsupial pest is being complained of in all the colonies, a correspondent suggests that the manner in which the animals clear the pastures of even the shortest grass is one of the things not generally known. From a re cent examination made by him of the mouth of a kangaroo that he shot, he found that in the front of the teeth in the lower jaw there are two teeth which work laterally, and, their inner edges being serrated, they act like reaping hooks, of which they are excellent imitations, as many a pastoralist knows to his cost. The ' Singleton Argus' says :—An act of disinterested liberality which should prove the donor to be thoroughly the "bright sort" of man, is recorded by our Broke correspondent. A resident of long standing in that picturesque township, Mr. F. Hunt, who had carried on busi ness there as a blacksmith for a consider able time, decided upon leaving the dis trict. Prior to quitting his old quarters, however, it seems that he pulled down his house, shop, &c.;, razed his fences, and after disposing of the materials, has handed over the whole seven acres which he owned as a gift to the township for re creation purposes. Government recently made a similar grant for Broke, which thus becomes doubly possessed of public ground. Were the spirit which appears to have actuated Mr. Hunt a little more widespread, the better would it be in many instances. The ' Herald' says We have received from the publishers, Messrs. Poulton and Begbie, of 139, Pitt-street, a copy of a new edition of the well-known haud-book on District Court practice, by Mr. W. J. Forster, barrister-at-law. The work was first published in its present form some seven years ago, since when several im portant decisions affecting these Courts, and the practice therein, have been given by the Supreme Court. All these mat ters, as well as decisions of the English Courts, which are applicable here, have been collected by Mr. Forster, and in corporated in a supplement to the pre sent work. Several new statutes and parts of statutes bearing upon the sub ject-matter of the work are also given ; in fact, the edition is made complete down to the middle of the present year. The book is well printed and substantially bound ; it may be considered an almost indispensable item in the library of every merchant and man of business, inasmuch as it is written in so clear and lucid a style, and is so free from technicalities, that its meaning can be grasped by any mind of ordinary intelligence, and the informa tion it contains is of such a character that it would be an invaluable guide in many cases where a doubt might exist as to how far a person's legal right would extend. The ' Herald's' Parramatta cor. writes : —Mr. James J. Taylor (son of Mr. H. Taylor, M.P.), met with a serious acci dent on Tuesday evening on liis road : from Parramatta home. He left the town at about 9 p.m. on a quiet steady going horse, and about 11.30 was found not far from Green's, on the Kissing Point Road, lying senseless on the ground, terri bly cut about the face, and having lost a considerable quantity of blood. He was taken to Green's house, and every care taken of him until his removal to his fa ther's in Parramatta, when Dr. Waugh was called in. His wounds are very ugly, and, without apprehending anything fa tal, the injuries received are of a very se vere character. At present the cause of the accident is unknown. The locality where Mr. Taylor was found is in a most wretched state from want of repair, and no doubt it was owing to the condition of the road that the event took place. The horse has made off, carrying the saddle attached. Great commiseration has been expressed at the occurrence, Mr. J. J. Taylor being a special favourite with every class of the community. The ' D. D. Gazette' says :—On Satur day last an accident, which came very near being fatal, happened to Mr. Jull, a resident on tlie Mort Estate, and his son, a lad of about twelve yeaTs of age. The father and son were riding on the top of a load of wood which they were conveying in a spring cart, when the winkers came off the horse, which bolted and brought the cart in contact with a log. The result was that both were jerked out and violently flung to the ground, the father being hurt about the back of the head and the boy much cut about the face. Both suffered severely from the shaking, and the son is still confined to his bed. Telegram from Charters Towers, in the Brisbane 1 Telegraph' of 5th inst. :—Two men named Murphy and Price were killed this morning while at work in Old Iden tity claim, in consequence of the water breaking into the underlie. It will take three days to pump the water out.—1598 tons of stone from the Identity No. I claim has yielded 2328 ozs. 7 dwts. The cake was the largest ever smelted on this field. The ' Telegraph' says :—A child named Harriet Home, whose parents reside in Herbert-street, South Brisbane, was acci dentally drowned in a water-hole at the Wooloongabba reserve, yesterday. The Stanthorpe ' Post' says :—An ex traordinary case of lusns naturoe came under our notice during the week. Amongst a litter of pups, the progeny of a slut owned by Mr. Baker, of this town, was one closely resembling a kan garoo, as regards the formation of the feet and lower portion of the body, the fore paws especially being a fac simile of those of the marsupial animal. This quaint specimen of the canine race lived only a few days after birth. Friday's ' Echo' says :—Shortly after 3 o'clock this morning a destructive fire broke out at Milson's Point, North Shore. Two stores, occupied by Mr. Sargeant and Mr. Deacon, have been burned to the ground. The buildings were of weather board, on brick foundations, and were of 1 two storeys each. The spread of the flames was very rapid, and in a short time after the discovery of the fire both places were completely destroyed. Mr. Deacon is insured for £400 for stock in the Standard; and Mr. Sargeant for stock in the Mutual for £300. The build ing nearest the point—occupied by Mr. Sargeant—is his own property and insured for £200. Mr. Deacon's shop, the pro perty of Mr. Kemp, is insured in the Mutual office for £400; Mr. Deacon's own loss is said to be about- £400. Be hind Sargeant's is Messrs. Miller and Har rison's timber yard ; and they have had timber burnt to the value of £150 ; this loss will be covered by insurance. /Eglea, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— I was present the other day when a well known auctioneer was knocking down Claude Lorraines with reckless generosity at 10 and 12 guineas apiece. Amongst the lotB was a portrait of Raffael. " Is that Ben. Rapheal 2" enquired one of those clever Jewish gentlemen who fre quent public sales. " No," said my im perturbable friend, " we'll offer you bis portrait directly—with ahalter on !' 