TALES AND SKETCHES. A RAILWAY ADVENTURE. (From, Chambers's Journal.) I never saw such a change in a man in my life ! When we last met, Jack—well, I must not give his real name, considering what I'm going to relate, so I'll call him Jack Pallant—was, as he had ever been since I knew him, one of the lightest hearted, cheeriest fellows in the world, full of fun, and up to everything, and as gentle and tender as a woman, with the courage of a lion. And now, what did I find him ? Even though but three months had elapsed, he had become a grave, de jected, saddened man ; in a word, hardly recognisable, either mentally or physi cally. I was shocked, and of course he saw that I was. He came to see me, in deed, the moment he heard I was in town, that I might learn from his own mouth what had-happened, instead of at second hand. Jack had always more or less been a spoiled boy—only sons are always more or less spoiled—and having lost his mo ther when quite a child, it was not won derful that his poor old dad made much of him. But he had taken the spoiling kindly, and, beyond making him perhaps a little idle and thoughtless it had done him no harm. There was no vice in the fellow ; he spent more money than he should, but many young soldiers do that, without coming to much grief in the long run, and his father, a soldier before him, regarded the failing leniently, paid his bills, and looked pleasant. Beyond add ing that he was a rather short, dapper little fellow, I need not say much more about him; I have only to try and put into coherent shape the strange and tragi cal business which had so fearfully altered him. His account of it was so discon nected, and so faltering at times, through the emotion which the recital cost him, that I make no attempt to reproduce his story in his own words. It all happened in a railway carriage, and though we have had enough and to spare of tales of mur ders, robberies, strange meetings, ghosts, and lunatics, which have had a railway carriage as their place of action, I venture to believe that there is something novel in the circumstance which led to my friend's sad transformation. He was coming to town one autumn evening for a few day's leave from Gun- nersholt, where he was quartered. I can see him as plainly as if I had been there, springing into the first carriage that of fered room, without regard to who was in it, for he was the least fastidious of men, without the slightest of "haw-haw" pride and nonsense, or that stand-ofif-ishness of manner, too usual with men in his posi tion, ready to make himself happy where ever he was, or in whatever company. Fond of talking to everybody, liking to draw them out, as he said, and studying character with the full conviction that ihere was something to be learned from everybody; chaffing and laughing, or sympathising and helping according to the occasion. Why, I have seen him helping a mother or nurse with half-a- dozen in charge, as if he had been a Paterfamilias, dandling the baby, or chucking it under the chin, or squeaking at it, tickling the little boys under the ribs until they went into fits, or making the little girls laugh with his comical Btories and humorous ways. Quite at variance, indeed, was the pri vate life of Jack Pallant with that of the ordinary British soldier ; his brother offi cers were oftentimes aghast at his proceed ings, until they came to know and like him. "Therefore, I say, I picture him taking the first seat that offered, and ready to talk to any one in the carriage who would talk to him But it so happened, it appears, on this occasion that he got into an empty car riage ; at least he thought so, for it was twilight, and he did not observe for the first moment the figure of a woman, seated in a farther corner, dressed in dark clothes, and thickly veiled. The sudden discovery that he was not alone rather startled him for a moment, and it may be, as he said, that the even ing before having been a guest-night at mess, his nerves were not quite up to their usual tone. He was not the lad, however, to ho long in such a situation without making some remark to hirfellow traveller, though in this case an unusual hesitation to do so came over him, owing to her mysterious appharanoe and extreme stillness. The between-lights of the car riage [?] the evening sky prevented him from discerning details; but there she sat, perfectly rigid, and with not a vestige of her face visible, through the thick black veil. " Ahem! ahem !" he said at last, shift ing one seat nearer to her and nearly op posite, " I hope I have not intruded on you ; I thought the carriage was empty. I may be disturbing you, I fear." . He would say anything, in a random sort of way, to break the ice, as he called it. No answer. A long pause. " Veiy singular," he thought, and he moved to a seat exactly opposite to the figure, making another common place observation. No response, or any movement. "Asleep, I suppose," he said to him self ; and he sat, quietly watching her, whilst the train rattled on for a mile or two. A station was reached, and a stop page made, with the usual accompani ments of screech, and whistling, and slam ming of the doors, but without producing any change in the posture of the occupant of the opposite corner. The train again moved on. " Can't be asleep," he mut tered. " What's the matter with-her?" The window was close shut; he let it down, with a tremendous clatter and bang, remarking that " he hoped as the evening was fine, the weather warm, and the carriage close" (for he declared to me there was a peculiar odour hanging about which struck him from the first), "she would -not object to a little air ?" Still no reply. Then he said : " He feared she was not well; would she like him to pull the bell for the guard, and have the train stopped again ?" But no? thing he oonld say or do elicited any sign of life from her. Jack now became seriously uncomfort able and alarmed on her account. He thought she could not be asleep, but had fainted. Suddenly it crossed his mind that she was dead! Night had now closed in, but as the last tinge of twilight faded from the sky, the carriage-lamp gained its full power, and revealed every object more plainly than hitherto. Jack leaned towards the motionless form. A long black veil, frilling from a close-fitting hat-like bonnet, enveloped nearly the whole upper part of her figure; indeed, on close inspection, it hardly looked like an ordinary veil, but more like a large black silk handkerchief. Her dress was of common black stuff, much worn and frayed, from amidst the folds of which appeared the endB of a piece of rope that must have been fastened round her waist, and one band, encased in an old ill-fitting black glove, lay placidly on her lap. Fall of uncomfortable sensations, Jack > •was about to lift the veil, when, for the | first time, the figure moved; its other hand stole slowly from beneath the folds of the dress, and the veil was gradually lifted, and thrown up over the head. Involuntarily my friend shrank back into the corner of his seat, for a face was revealed to him which no one could have looked upon without a sense of awe. It was that of a woman somewhat past mid dle age, thin, haggard, and pale to a de gree which only death could parallel. The features, finely chiselled and proportioned, showed that at one time there must have been supreme beauty, whilst, though the iron-grey hair looked a little dishevelled and unkempt, the glance of the eye was steady, calm, .and determined. In this glance lay, chiefly, the awe-in spiring expression of the face, for, in addition to the penetrating look, there was a persistency in it, and at the same time a fascination, quite terrible. It fixed itself upon Jack from the first moment that eye met eye, and for several minutes not a word was spoken on either side. Presently, however, he tried to pull him self together, and to assume his usual light-hearted manner, which had thus for a minute been so strangely and un usually disturbed, and he said briskly, "I beg your pardon; I was afraid you were ill." She gently bent herj head, but spoke not a word, nor withdrew her glance. He felt more, and more that it was cost ing him an Short to |be himself. Her slow, stealthy, albeit lady-like demeanour added greatly to the effect already pro duced, and a curious sensation was gra dually creeping over him, that—impossi ble as it might seem—that face was not atrange to him. Little as he, with his temperament, was given to speculation or introspection, he found himself striving to look back for some event or circumstance in his life which might give him a clue. Had he ever dreamed of such a face, or had he seen it in childhood? He was puzzled, affected, quite put out. And still the deep, penetrating eyes were fixed on his, piercing as it were into his very soul. And the hands i what were they doing ? Taking off the. gloves as with a set, deliberate purpose!; and the long white, thin, almost elaw-like fingers worked strangely and nervously ; slowly closing and opening upoq the palm, as if preparing to grasp something. Again, he strove to throw off the un pleasant, unusual sensation which had crept over him. " I can't stand this," he thought; "I was nevefr so uncomfortable in my life ! I must do something, or say something to put a stop to this, to make her take her eyes off me !" He moved abruptly to the further cor ner of the carriage, and to the same side on which the woman sat. "I'll try and dodge her in that way," he said to himself; ."she shall not sit and glare at me in this fashion !" But she too immedkitely shifted her place, and, rising to her full height, which was veri^great. went over to the I seat which was exactly opposite to him, never for one single second dropping her eyes from his. He looked out of the window with a vague notion of getting out of the carriage, when suddenly, pass ing a little station which he recognised, hut at which the train did not stop, an idea struck him—an idea after his own heart—a comic idea! He availed himself of it on the instant, and assuming an ease which doubtless sat ill upon him, and which he was far from feeling, he pointed with his thumb back towards the station ; they had just passed, as he said mysteri- ously in a hollow voice, " Ho you know that place ?" She seemed to answer in the affirma tive by a slight-inclination of the head as before. "Ah! you do.' Good! Longmoor," he went on; " then I don't mind telling you a secret." He paused. (" I'll frighten her," he thought.) "Criminal lunatics," he said aloud; " I am one of them. I have just escaped from there." He leaned forward, as if to impress her with his words; she also bent forward until her lips almost touched his ear, as she hissed into it: " So have I!" With what had already gone before, this put the finishing touch to Jack's un easiness of mind. It was not, as he said, the mere presence of the woman, or the revelation which his joke had elicited, which scared him, thongh the circum stance in itself might be unpleasant enough. " I should have faced it right away from the first, as any man would have done, had it not been for the remarkable influ ence her face and look had upon me; that unaccountable feeling that she was no stranger to me—it was that unnerved and even appalled me." No sooner had she uttered the words, " So have I," than Jack sprang to the cord communicating with the guard's van, for he felt their truth, and saw in them a key to the whole mystery. But ere his hand had reached the cord, she had seized him round the waist with one arm as with the grip of a vice, and at the same instant he felt one of those terrible hands at his throat. Every effort to release himself was fruitless ; her strength seemed superhu man, and was as far beyond his as was her stature. Her face glowered close down upon his now, still with the same-fell ex pression. " The only thing I could have done," went on Jack, in describing the scene to me—and, just here, he shall speak for himself :—" The only means by which I might-perhaps have made her relax her hold would have been by aiming one or two tremendous blowB with my right fist (which was at liberty) at her face. Had it been a man's there would have been no hesitation; had it been in deed that of an ordinary woman, at such a pass I should not have hesitated to strike her, to stun her, if I could, by any means ; but that face—that face, that I seemed to know so well, yet so mysteri ously, I could not raise my hand against it, and, as my arm swung up with the first impulse to deal her a blow, it fell helpless by my side. Vain were my ef- forts to get her hand away from my throat; there was a terrible swaying to and fro for a minute or two, I felt the grip of the long fingers tightening, and myself choking. Suddenly we fell; the whole carriage seemed to be falling; there was a fearful jerk or two, a strange up heaving of the floor, a tremendous rattle and crash. I appeared to be thrown head long to some great distance, and all was darkness!" The termination of that deadly struggle was brought about in a manner as mar vellous and unlooked for as could well have been imagined. Some fifty souls, say, were travelling in that train, all, save one, in apparent se curity. Jack's life alone was in danger, when, lo! by one of those marvellous coincidences which do happen at times in the supreme moments of existence, the rescue came, but at the cost of many ' a life, which, just before, would have seemed worth treble the purchase of Jack's. At the very instant that his might have depended upon another tightening grip or two from the hand of a maniac, a fright- ful catastrophe occurred to tha train. The tire of an engine-wheel broke, and half a dozen carriages were hurled down a steep embankment. The scene that suc ceeded is, unhappily, of too common an . occurrence to need more than a word of reference here. Seven passengers were killed outright; double-that number only slightly or badly hurt; the remaindqy es caping, as by-a miracle, with nothing worse than a severe shaking. My Mend was amongst the shaken. He had been thrown clear of the debris, on to a grassy spot, half-bank, half-ledge ; emphatically, his life was saved ! At length, as a sickly dawn was begin ning to appear^ he endeavoured to dis cover the spot where the carriage he had occupied had fallen, and to retrace his stepB to' the place where he found himself lying-after the catastrophe. By this time he had made himself known briefly to some officials that a woman was missing, who had' been in the carriage with him, and one or two of them followed him in his quest. He scrambled through the hedge, and there, on the opposite side, on the sloping bank of a ditch, he beheld, lying quite still, her dark unmistakable form. He ran forward, and bending over her, and looking down upon the marble, upturned fase, saw at a glance that there wasnuihing dangerous about her now ; those tgrribk eyes were closed for ever! One of the surgeons here came hurrying up, in ansTer to a summons. "Good heavens!" la exclaimed, " here she is, then, at last! Why, she must have been in the train. How on earth did she man age it ?" " Who is he ?" enquired Jack earnestly, with a stranje Return of the old inexplic able sensati(p. " Who is she ? You appear to know her. Pray, tell me." " Oh, one of our inmates; she got away yesterday morning, no one knows how," was the answer. " You are from Longmoor, then. How long has she been there ? What is her name ?" "Oh, she has been there upwards of twenty year, I believe, long before my time." " And her name ?" " Upon mr word, at this moment, I can hardly," vent on the doctor, mecha nically passiig his fingers over one of the pulseless writs before him, and with a calm hesitation which contrasted strongly with Jack's earnest impetuous manner, " I can hardy remember. I think she was committal for the murder of her own little, girl. I was a sad case, I know. Ah. S her nane, I have it," went on the Dr. suddenly, " her name was Pallant— Eachel Pallant." Jack spraig from the kneeling posture in which he vas, as if he had been shot. Why, that vas his own dead mother's name! Butpshaw! what of that ? Well, it was rathei a startling coincidence, that was all! My, but was it all? Indeed, no. The inquest led to a revelation. That enquiry fnfy explained what had been the nature of tie influence which the weird pale face and strange presence had had upon my fkend. The string but subtle link which no time or ahience can quite sunder, exist ing betwera mother and son, had made itself felt die instant those two 3at face to face, for the unhappy woman was indeed no other ttan Jack's own mother ! He had never been told ; in fact, it had been carefully kept from him ; why run the risk of clouding for life that bright and happy temperament ? He was only | four years old when the dreadful business happened. Hence he had scarcely known a mother's care ; she was lost to him, to the world, as completely as if she had died. Hay, dead would have been a mercy by comparison, and it was generally assumed that she was dead ; only a few very intimate friends knew the truth. The poor lady's mind had given way sud denly after the birth of a child, who did not live. Within a week, the homicidal mania .^possessed her; by the merest chance she had been prevented from com mitting some frightful outrage upon her little boy, my poor friend Jack, and re straint not having been put upon her in time (for her malady had hardly been suspected, so unlooked-for was its appear ance), she consummated her deadly pro pensity upon her eldest child, a girl, fif teen years of age—killed her, in a word, as she lay asleep. And here, after a lapse of twenty years, was the climax and end of the tragedy, as dreadful as anything that had gone be fore. The order for release, when it came, brought with it as much suffering (to all but one) as had the other for cap tivity. Ho wonder that Jack was an al tered man. I have never seen a smile on his face since, though I trust that time, with its healing influence, may at least soften the blow. 