THE FIRST PASTORAL. 1 NO. XIII. From Leo IX. Dr. Yaughan takea a jump to Gregory VII. to find another Vicar of God acting as the impersonation of the Supernatural, and to show how Holy Popes " fight the Devil, the World, and the Flesh," and wage a battle against the demon of "pride, luxury, and cruelty." Why this jump of twenty years 1 At least four Popes and two anti- Popes came between. Why are the Holy Fathers ignored1? Popes came and went in those days much faster than they do now. None of them ever thought of attaining unto the " days of Peter." Why was this ? And why should Dr. Vaughan not allude to the Vicars who filled up the interval, as fighting the Devil 1 Was it that they did not fight at all, or that their battle was insignificant amtirinf f.liA rlamrvn nf nriA in fwrnnarisimn with the battles of the wretched villains to whose history we have already re ferred? After Leo IX. came Victor II. Of this Infallible the Popish historian says, "that he wa3 elevated rather by the will of the Emperor than by the choice of the clergy : for, as the people and clergy of Rome feared the Emperor, they proposed this Victor ; and so all things were done to suit both their satisfactions." In this way, then, St. Peter's chair, and the Supernatural authority of Christ was bar tered and managed by Popes and Em perors, whose ambition, wars, and worldly policies were very illustrious examples indeed of Holy Fathers, as the Heads of true religion, fighting with the " demon of pride, luxury, and cruelty." The haughty man, dictating to kings and princes, and planning conquest, while doing everything in his power to enrich the Church, was a very " hero " in the way of fighting the Devil. When, in his pride and ambition he raised the throne of Peter above all thrones, and claimed to have power " to pluck up and destroy, to plant and build in the Apostle's name, he was a perfect picture of a man, " fighting the demon of nride, luxury, and cruelty 1" But his own subjects took another view, and, according to their training, they tried to get rid of him quietly by the aid of poison in " the blood of the Lord !" After him came Stephen IX., whose chief object was to deliver Italy, to elevate his own family, and to avenge himself on Henry, the Emperor. He proposed to reign by force for the purpose of de livering Italy from the Normans ; and as he did not know where to get the money necessary for the pious work, he proposed to find it in the vaults of one of the " poor " convents, where the gifts of the faithful had been laid up for ages ; for he knew that those " poor people," the monks, had hidden riches concealed from the vulgar, who believed that the " vows of poverty" meant that monks live on nothing and have . nothing ; but a super stitious horror taking hold on his mind as he made off with the offerings and riches of the saints, he sent the treasure back again, and shortly after died. The great thing which the Popish historian records respecting him when he died is this : "He is said to have accused the Emperor of heresy, for endeavouring to diminish the Papal authority without regard to religion anil the immortal God !" Yes, he fought the Devil, he contended with the demon of pride, and he gave a living embodiment of the Supernatural, by opposing the Em peror for daring to check the assuming spirit of the Pope, and by denouncing and anathematizing as heresy anything which tended to diminish the power and autho rity of the Pope ! To .help the Papacy with money, land, power, grandeur, and all other carnal things is Christian virtue; to oppose the grasping spirit of the Papacy, to keep the Pope from worldly supre macy over kings and states, and to separate him from the turmoils and strifes of wars and . state intrigues and 'diplomatic cunning is the ' greatest of all " heresy," and merits accordingly everlasting perdition ! Benedict X. came next. As usual, the murderous factions arose as soon as the former Pope died. Those in favour of the Emperor's authority sent a message to the Empress Agnes, as the Emperor was dead, laying the nomination of a new Pope at her feet; but the Roman barons and people, with many of the clergy, seeing their chance to have again a line of Roman Popes, instead of German ones, instantly raised to the chair of St. Peter, Benedict X. ; from whom those barons and Roman leaders demanded, in return for the gift of Infallibility and the glory of being made the impersonation of the Supernatural, the most lavish grants. They openly plundered the treasuries of the Church, and purchased thereby the good will of the people. The Imperial r party present at Rome fled ; and, as Hildebrand, the future Gregory YII., was at the time at the Court of the Empress, he did his utmost to rouse the resentment of the Empress at the claim of the Roman faction to make a Pope without her nomination and sanction (the very claim which he himself after wards made the chief mark of his Pope dom, and by acting on which he raised the PanQOtr tn if.a fri»£»atoaf. lioiahfA HPFia Empress empowered Hildebrand to pro ceed to a new election.- He had no diffi culty in getting assistance to do this good work, and, accordingly, the Archbishop of Florence was made a second Pope, and one of the conditions of the Empress' concurrence in this choice was, that the new Pope should crown her son as the Em peror. The bargain was closed to the satisfaction of both the Archbishop of Florence on the one hand, and the Empress Agnes on the other ; and so the Holy Ghost came down on the new, second, or anti-Pope, and he took the name of Nicolas II. Whereupon, Nicolas II., under the direction of Hildebrand, called a Council, excommunicated Bene dict X., and, with a strong army advanced upon Rome, to drive Benedict away, and assume the full glory of "fighting the Devil, and the demon of pride and cruelty " from the chair of St. Peter it self ! At the advance of these forces, Benedict fled to Galaria. Infallibility forsook him, although he had sat in the chair and ruled infallibly, performing the functions of the Supernatural for nine months and twenty days ; and the Holy Ghost, who had spoken through him all that time, conveying the Apostolic succes- sion and sacramental grace to the Church, also forsook him and betook himself to his rival, the new Pope ! evidently because Nicolas II. was the stronger, and had the backing of the Empress and Hildebrand, and the swords of the Norman hordes, who were now employed to assist the Supernatural in fighting the Devil ! Well, Nicolas II. followed poor Benedict to his hiding place in Galaria. He besieged him there, in a strong fortress, as a rival king would do. When the helpless Benedict had to surrender, he uttered this pitiful complaint from the walls of his fortress, in scorn of the Roman nobles and barons who had elected him, "You forced me against my will to be your Pope ; give me security for my life, and I will renounce the Pontificate !" Security was given him ; Nicolas II. then returned in triumph to Rome, the miserable Benedict follow ing, as a captive, in the train; but 30 days after his return, Hildebrand seized him, dragged him before Nicolas, who had called a Council in the Lateran Church, stripped the fallen Pope of his robes, put into his hand a writing containg a long confession of every kind of wickedness, and compelled him to sign the writing, although he was innocent of every charge. The struggling Benedict refused for . a long time ; but amid tears and sobs he was compelled to read the paper aloud ; and then, when he had been forced to sign it, he was formally deposed, and sent into a monastery , where he lived in utter wretch edness until death relieved him from the power of the Holy man who always "fights the Devil and the demon o cruelty." Nicolas II. being thus released' ' of his rival, was, now, of coarse, the pure ; channel of Infallibility and grace to the ; ' Church, and the very impersonation of - the Supernatural ; and, therefore, he,1 : under the guidance of Hildebrand, called " another Council. This is called the ; second Lateran Council, and marks an important epoch in history, because of what followed. The first decree of the. Council, at which 113 bishops' attended, took the power of electing future Popes from the lower clergy and people of Rome, 1 and vested that power in the higher < ' clergy, leaving to the Emperor little more -:7 than the power of ratifying what the clergy might do. The inspirer of this decree was doubtless Hildebrand, who, as Gregory YII., was yet to make his mark in .the same direction; but it is worth = while to notice that the very two, Nicolas' « and Hildebrand, who had profited by com plaining to the Empress Agnes that ' ' Benedict X. had been made Pope without her nomination and consent , and who had received her authority to proceed to another election of Pope, ignoring Bene dict, should, when now Nicolas was made Pope and Hildebrand had gained his . point, claim, by their decree in the Council, the very power which they had falsely and hypocritically condemned in Benedict ! It was a great crime for Bene dict to be elected Pope by the Romans without the sanction and nomination of the Empress Agnes, but it was an infallible truth, aftftr "Rfinfirlint was rlannsed and ; — 7 — — — .. — - — i Nicolas made Pope, with Hildebrand chief ' director of the concern, that the Romans ought for ever after to elect the Popes, . and that the Empress or Emperor should " have nothing to do with it, except, per- haps, to be very thankful to the Roman clergy for what they had done ! Thus, by intrigue, boldness, audacity, and worldly cunning, the Popes fought Ihe Devil, and impersonated the Supernatural! But there was something else besides this bold claim, by which the Imperial power of Germany was practically set aside. The anathema attached to the decree was, as - Councils have always been very good at cursing, very terrible. All the most terrible passages of Seripture were gathered out to express the Council's de- ; sire that the wretch should go to perdition - who should ever deny the right to the ' Roman clergy to elect the Popes, or give - the Emperor anything more than a ratify- ; ing approbation. The Holy Council said this — "May he endure the wrath of the Father, the Son, and Holy Ghost, and that of St. Peter and St. Paul in this life and the next ! May his house be desolate, and no one dwell in his tents. Be his children orphans, his wife a widow, his ' sons outcasts and beggars! May the usurer consume his substance, the stranger reap, his labours ; may all the world and all the elements war upon him, and the merits of all the saints which sleep in the Lord, confound and inflict visible ven geance during this life ! Whosoever, on 1 the other hand, shall keep the law by the authority of St. Peter is absolved from all his sins /" Yet all this would have gone ' for nothing, if there had not been some thing else done. Accordingly, the next thing was to turn the Norman hordes, which had been regarded as the enemies of the Church, into her friends and body guard, as a sort of Papal army to counter- poise the German forces. This was done" by the Pope making the Norman leaders princes, dukes, and possessors of the whole kingdom of Naples, although it is certain that he had no power to do so. Imme- " diately after, the Pope at the head of these new allies, or converts, the Norman chiefs, - returned to Rome and fiercely attacked : - ' the Roman nobles who had made Benedict- Pope. With fire and sword they carried ' their war of extermination to such an ex tent that Nicolas reached the top of his ambition. But just then the Pope sick- ened and died, having " fought the Devil and the demon of pride so successfully "' that the country round Rome was in rains, and the Church was prepared to defy, with the arms of the Normans, th- - arms of the youthful Emperor Henry Germany ! ' ' f Let any one . study the characterr ceedings, and contests- of these cone : ' ruffians, who imposed upon the v . lying pretences of Vicarship of > ' V ' embodiments thplChriaatireligioli, and a new evidence! will be furnished of what Dr. Vaughan means when he shame- lesBly tells us, that' the Popes of Ponie were Holy Fathers, exhibiting to the world the heavenly and Supernatural ! 