1EBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. } SECOND DAY .- TBUBSOAT, MABCH I. 1 Very deep and general regret was expressed at the absence of the Rev. J. Hancock through illness, and the following resolution of sympathy was passed-* That we deeply regret to find that through personal affliction the place of our dear Brother Hancock is vacant at this Con ference. We record our brotherly sympathy with him in his severe illness, and we pray that he may be graciously sustained under the great trial through which God has called him to pass, [ and if it be the Divine will we sincerely hope he may be speedily restored to the ministry he has so greatly honoured and served with such fidelity. We also add our expression of sympathy with Mrs. Hancock and family, and for their sakes we pray that the cloud that has settled around their home may be speedily dis persed." The Rev. J. Rowe, from the "Victorian District, was introduced to the meeting, and a most hearty reception accorded him. ile read letter of friendly greeting from the Victorian District Meeting to the Conference, and also presented a copy of the minutes of the Victorian District Meeting. The Rev. J. Orchard, of Ballarat, also a visitor from the sister colony, was introduced, and heartily welcomed. The following resolution was adopted by the meeting:-" That the thanks of the Conference are due and are hereby presented to t&e; Rev. Thomas Hillman for his able and suitable sermon to the Conference, and that he be requested to allow it to be published in the magazine." A considerable amount of time was spent in considering the constitution of the Coaierence, as adopted by the English Conference, it having been altered in some important particulars from that adopted by the District Meeting of 1877. Several alterations were approved by the meeting, and the English Conference was asked to confarm them. The PJIESIDEKT informed the meeting that he had received communications from several re presentatives of other Churches, intimating their desire to convey their friendly greetings to the Bible Christian Conference, ic was resolved that they be received on Monday morning at; 11 o'clock. The Rev. J. Bo wis having expressed a desire to be transferred, from the Victorian District to this Conference, a resolution was passed that he be cordially received on the conditions laid down by the English v_"-:ference. The Rev. J. A. Burns having completed his four years' probation came up for his final examination, and the following resolution was mcst unanimously passed:-" That having heard the certificate read from the Riverton Quarterly Meeting, the resolution of the Kooringa District Meeting, and the report of the College Com mittee, and having witnessed his commendable bearing during the years of his probation, we have the greatest pleasure in receiving Brother J. A. Burns into full connection; and we trust he will realize the promise of the past by showing himself a workman that needeth not to be ashamed-a good minister of Jesus Christ." In the evening a deeply interesting service was held in connection with the ordination of the Rev. J. A. The attendance was larger than usual. The meeting was opened by the President giving out the first hymn and the Rev. J. Bock engaging in prayer. The Presi dent then stated the object of the meeting, and called upon Mr. Burns to speak to the three following points:-His conversion to God, his Christian experience, and his call to the work of the ministry. On rising to speak Mr. BURNS said that he felt that to be the most solemn moment of his life-the time of his public recognition as an accredited minister of the Gospel. When about six years of age he was brought to God in the great revival at the Burra. He had abundant reason to bless God for the instructions of agodly mother. He could distinctly remember deep impressions received under the preaching of the Gospel and while attending the Sunday- school. And in a conscious enjoyment of the Divine favour he could rejoice in the fact that through Bible Christian influence he had been led to Christ. He had no doubt that he had been moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon himself the ministry of the Word, and in unfaltering confidence in God, and unceasing love to the Church of his choice, he hoped to live and die a Bible Christian minister. The Rev. T. HULJUS, in a brief speech, moved the reception of Mr. Burns. He did this on the ground that he fully and firmly believed the statements made by Mr. Burns; and having the fullest confidence in his piety and abilities, he could therefore, with the utmost pleasure, move his reception into full connection. The liev. J*. TEEVW seconded the resolution He bad been thinking of the marvellous workings of Providence in raising up young men for the work of the ministry. It was a time for rejoicing. There was often more difficulty ex perienced in obtaining efficient ministers than in the supply of men for the secular engage ments of lite. He most cheerfully and heartily seconded the resolution. The Eev. J. WAT then offered the ordination prayer. After singing, the PRESIDENT proceeded to deliver the charge. He said-The relations which exist between myself and you are such as never existed before and can never exist again. He congratulated Mr. Burns'on his position. For four years as a probationer he bad been labouring among the Churches, and they had generally approved of his conduct, and hence Ids present position. He had now left secular work, and his life was henceforth to be totally devoted to the saci-ed work of a minister of Jesus Christ. He was not a priest-the priesthood was a thing of the past. He was a man among men, and his work was to lead men to Christ. The minister must be pre-eminently a spiritual teacher. We have no ritual, and therefore have the more need of the highest [ spiritual teaching. Various church matters would claim bis attention, but the highest object of his life should be to preach Christ and save souls. In the prosecution of this work there were three sources of knowledge-the Bible, the Universe, and Human Nature. The Bible must be studied and its hidden spiritual meaning elicited. This is the ministers book. The Universe-Nature must be studied; crea tion and inspiration beautifully harmonized. Nature was a great fountain of information. Human Nature must be studied, and the minister's work was to lift up, to ennoble, and bless humanity. To meet the various wants of congregations intellect and heart alike must be cultivated. A pure heart and vigorous piety linked to a holy and blameless life would be productive of the highest and best results. The Rev. J. Trewin offered prayer, aud the meeting closed. THIRD DAY: Fbiday, Majjcii 2. Tlie Conference reassembled at 9.30. The greater part of the day was taken up in the consideration of the reports on the proba tioners. Much was said on the importance of sending them to college a year or two of their probation, and also of the imperative necessity of increased diligence in the cultivation of their minds in the circuits where their lot may be cast, and failing this, it was considered that they should discontinue their pursuits. The Confe rence was decided in its opinion that young men on probation must devote more time to study. Many of the members spoke of the excellence and suitability of the charge delivered on Thursday evening, and the following resolution concerning it was passed;-" That the hearty thanks of this Conference be given to the Presi dent for Ms very excellent charge delivered to the Rev. J. A. Burns, and that he be asked to allow it to be published in our quarterly maga zine." The Connexional Committee, at the request of the College Committee, appointed two of their number (Itev. T. Piper and Dr. Campbell) to confer with two members of the Council of Union College (Rev. S. Mead and J. JeSeris), with a view to the Bible Christians becoming associated with the College. The following re port of this Committee was presented to the Conference - " Pursuant to resolution 6th of the Committee meeting, October 20, 1876, we have conferred with the Revs. S. Mead and J. Jefferis, and ascertained the following respecting Union College, viz.: " 1. The Object oE the College.-To educate youiig men for the work of the ministry in the Churches with which the College stands con nected ; also, to keep lay preachers and others in theological studies. " 2. The Work of the College.-Hitherto four classes have been conducted-1. Greek Testa ment, by Bev. S. Mead; 2. Biblical and Church History, by Itev. J. JeSeris; 3. Theology, by Rev. P. Maclaren; 4. Latin Vulgate, by Rev. P. Maclaren. In addition to these the Rev. J. Jef feris has undertaken to conduct a Homiletical Class in 1877. It is also intended further to increase the number of subjects as soon as suit able arrangements can be made. In Theology, disputed points, such as baptism and predes tination, are kept in abeyance. "3. Finances.-The expenses of the Collegeare met by voluntary contributions, the interest on a small endowment, &c.; The charge of £1 la. per class per term is made with each student, but "Churches contributing and donors can nominate student free to the extent of their subscriptions. No definite financial responsi bility is imposed as a condition of becoming associated with the College; bat it is understood that each body associated will help by collec tions or any other effective way. . " 4, How to become Associated.-All that is necessary is for the Conference to apply to the Council to be admitted and to.appoint three minsters and three laymen to be members of the College Council. " We believe there is nothing whatever to prevent our association with the Union College, and that the College will be of great service in training young men for our ministry." FOURTH DAY: SATUBDAY. MARCH 3. The Conference reassembled at 9,30. : The Conference expressed its satisfaction with the steps taken by the Committee to obtain information on Union College, and resolved that the report be received. Several ofthe members spoke on thB advantages the denomination would derive from being identified with the College. After some dis cussion, the following resolution was adopted: "That we make application to be admitted iuto association with the Union College of South Australia." It was found that there was only one candi date for the ministry coming forward iu the usual way. Mr. G. H. Payenter, who has been labouring, as a hired local preacher part of the | year, having been recommended by his quarterly ' meeting, and passed a satisfactory examination before the College Committee, he was received j on probation for the ministry. Two or three others were spoken of who had not .received recommendations from their quarterly meetings as likely to bo very useful to the Church if they could be employed as hired local preachers, with a view to their entering the ministry. The Conference resolved that Mr. F. Bullock and Mr J. l'earce be employed as hired local preachers in the coming year, should their services be required. FIFTH DAY, MONDAY. MARCH 5. The General Chapel Secretary read liis report, ' and after some discussion it was adopted. The report showed that there were 92 chapels, pro- : viding sitting accommodation for nearly 14,000 ' persons; there were 16 ministers' residences, and ? 15 school rooms. The total income for the year was £5,143. Nearly £2,000 had been paid off the aggregate debt during the year, and a large amount had been spent in improvements. Alto gether the report was of a most cheering and satisfactoiy character. The deputation from the sistei Churches waited on the Conference at 11 o'clock. The Secretary met the rev. gentlemen at the door, and conducted them to the platform, where they were heartily received by the President. The Rev. S. KNIGHT (President of the Wesleyan Conference) said he thought the time of the Conference should not be taken up by long speeches frem the deputation. He desired to express his feelings of brotherhood, and would congratulate the President on his elevation to the Presidential chair. He was pleased to know that this year they entered upon their independency, and hoped the new form of government would greatly help them on in their work. There were various opinions as to the purpose of these deputations. In the judg ment of some they were valueless, except in so far as they led to a practical issue and pre vented their poaching on each other's preserves. But there were other considerations of brotherly love and helpful sympathy which were of the highest value in themselves. The care of the Churches, he thought, was not excessive, and he believed in healthy an J stimulating competi tion. If any other Church could come in the neighbourhood of his own and do the work tetter he would heartily welcome them. He did not care so much for individual Churches as for Christ's Kingdom. He thought the popu lation of South Australia was running away from the Churches, and their grand united aim should be the grasp of the people for Christ. He had the utmost pleasure in expressing the best wishes of the "Wesleyan Church for that of the Bible Christians. Mr. SCOTT said he was there to represent the laymen of the Wesleyan Church. He was pleased to say the constitution of the Wesleyan Conference was nearly identical with that of their own. He knew the high esteem in which they were held by the laymen of his Church. The interference of one Church with another had caused some uneasiness, but he believed in what he deemed to be the healthy and stimu lating competition of various Churches. In the name of the Lord he wished the Bible Christian Church success. The Rev. J. H. ANGUS (Presbyterian) apolo g'zed for the absence of the Rev. Mr. Gordon. e had come to convey the fraternal greeting of the Church he had to represent. He could endorse most of fciie remarks made by the Rev. Mr. Knight, but there were some of them to which he must take exception. At Mount Pleasant he had the pleasure of ministering to a Church composed of Presbyterians, Congrega fionalists, Baptists, Wesleyans, and Bible Christians; and his Church worked well. He did Qot believe in the multiplication of so many small Churches. He knew but little of Bible Christian Ministers, but those he did know he had learnt to esteem and love. In the name of the Presbyterian Church he wished them God speed. The Rev. L. G. CAETER congratulated the Fresident as a friend whom he had come to know and love. He believed in union -not that, he would merge all the Churches into one huge denomination, but that there should be a closer fellowship, and a nearer approach to the oneness for which Christ him self had prayed. In the name of the Baptist Church he conveyed their fraternal greetings. Mr. DARLING, M.P., said he had a short time ago attended the Wesleyan Conference in the same capacity of friendly deputation, and that though some persons had taken exception to remarks which he then made, he wished to reiterate the same to-day. He was there, not as a delegate, but as a representative, and with Mr. Carter he represented the liberal Baptists of this colony. Having had ample opportunity of knowing the Bible Christians, he came to ex press his love for them, and thought that as far as practicable they should set aside their little differences, and respect and love each other. He wished them great prosperity. The CHAIRMAN than called on the Rev. J. Way to reply. On rising, Mr. "WAT said be would say welcome to their first Conference, and in doing so be was sore he expressed the feelings of all his brethren. He was a Bible Christian, but he bad felt much pleasure in occasionally supplying the pulpits of other Churches. There was sometimes a little friction in the working of the various Churches, but by fostering feelings of mutual respect and love they should get along pleasantly. The Rev, J. TBEWIN had much enjoyed what had been said. He thought Adelaide as a city enjoyed advantages of a religious character that other cities did not, and this had not been accomplished without much united effort. He was aware of some of the difficulties experienced in keeping clear of each other. But there were difficulties in secular engagements of equal magnitude. Much might be done in the Circuits during the year as a supplement to the fraternal greetings of Conference gatherings. Mr. "W. TAYLOE was pleased to hear the kindly feeling expressed by the deputation. He believed in fostering a spirit of union. Much might be done in their general life to promote it. The various Churches were one in aim, and there should not be the rivahy among religious bodies that was often shown and even allowable among business firms. . The Editor and Book Steward (Rev. T. PIPEB) brought forward his report of the magazine and book concern. It showed that the circulation of the magazine had largely increased, and that the book-room was in a most satisfactory con dition. There was also a considerable profit in each department. The following resolution respecting a Con nexional solicitor was adopted-" That on his being admitted a practitioner of the Supreme Court we have great pleasure in appointing Mr. Joseph Ashton our Connexional solicitor, and that the Connexional deeds be deposited with him." The Rev. T. PIPER introduced the question of making provision for probationers attending Union College, and a sufficient sum to meet the requirements was voted by the Conference. SIXTH DAT*. WEDNESDAY, MAHCH 7. On the reassembling of Conference the Secre tary read a list of stations, and the Stationing Committee soon after sat to hear appeals. A long discussion took place on the advisability of accepting the offer of a minister of conside rable experience and high standing in England to come to this colony. It was ultimately decided that he be sent for. The Rev. T. Piper was heartily congratulated on the success he had achieved in the editorial and book-room departments, and was most unanimously reappointed Editor and Book Steward. The Treasurer and Secretary of the Preachers' Fund brought forward their report. The fund was found to be in a progressive state, and the thanks of the meeting were given to the Rev. T. Piper (Treasurer) and the Rev. T. Hillman (Secretary). The Conference sat to hear an address to the Churches of South Australia," prepared by the ' Rev. T. Piper, and another to the English Con ference by the Bev. J. Way, and a third to the Canadian Conference by tiie Eev. J.StoyeL Each address was heartily adopted. The Trust Debts Belief Fond had met, and Dr. Campbell (the Treasurer) presented the report. It was shown that upwards of £350 was in the fond, £300 of which had been loaned on chapels; and it was hoped that through the augmentation of the fund, other requests would soon be met. The Conference adopted the ' report, and thanked the Treasurer for his , services. Borne time was spent over the second and third reading of the stations, and they were finally confirmed in the following order. Adelaide District. - Adelaide, T. Piper, President of the Conference (Editor and Book Steward), J. Thome and J. Way superannuated; Bowden, W. Richards, T. Allen, J. Ridclift, J. Boberts; Clarendon and Willunga, J. Raymont; Yankalilla, H. Mason ; Port Elliot, J. Stoyel; Mount Lofty, R. L tng; Millicent, C. Tresise; Mitcbam, J. Pearce. Chairman of the District, T. Piper. Chapel Secretary, W. Richards. Burra District. - liurra and Yarcowie, T. McNeil; Kapun-ia, J. Rock; Gawler, J. Foster, G. H. Payntei, Auburn, T. Hillman (Secretary of Conference); Mount Torrens, R. Kelly River* on, J. A Burns. Chairman of the Dis trict, T. Hillman. Chapel Secretary, T. McNeil. Kad iua District.-Kadina, J. Trewin; Mooata, O. Lake, J. Rowe; Port Wakefield, R. C. Yeo man. Chairman of the District, J. Trewin. Chapel Secretary, R. C. Yeoman. Port Augusta District.-Port Augusta, W. W. Finch; Gladstone, J. May; Crystal Brook, J. Dingle ; Beautiful Yalley, W. H. Halford. Chairman of the District, W. W. Finch. Chapel Secretary, J. Dingle. SBVENTII DAY: WBDJJKSDAY, MABCH 7. The Conference reassembled at 9.30. The following were appointed the General Committee for the year:-The President and Secretary, W. Richards, R. Lang, J. Thorne, J. Foster, Dr. Campbell, and E. Gould. The following were elected the College Council for the year:-The President, R. Ling, J". Thorne, Dr. Campbell, Mr. J. Hosking, and J. G. Ashton. The College Committee.-The President, W. Richards, R. Long, J. Thorne (Secretary), Dr. Campbell, and His Honor the Chief Justice (Treasurer.) Stationing Committee.- The President and Secretary, Chairmen of Districts, J. Stoyel, W. Richards, O. Lake, and T. McNeil. Trust Debts Relief Fund Committee.-The President (J. Way), J. C. Sigmont, J. Cooper, J. Roberts, W. Lewis, S. P. Arford, Dr. Camp bell (Treasurer), and W. Richards (Secretary). The resolutions of the various District Meetings having been read, a short but interesting discussion ensued, and the following resolution was passed:-" That in reviewing the spiritual state of our various districts we see much to inspire our hearts with gratitude to the Fountain of all Good The success realized has not been great, but sufficient to encourage us still to devote our ' selves to our great life-work. Our most pressing . need is a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost; and we desire to live and labour for still greater prosperity." The following are the statistics of the Con nexion:-Ministers, 25; local preachers, 125; members, 1,825; on trial, 42. Total, 1,867; net increase, 23. Sabbath-schools, 68; Sabbath school teachers, 661; scholars, 4,013. A considerable amount of time was taken ap with making the missionary grants to the various circuits needing them. It was resolved that the District Meetings be held the first Tuesday in February, 1878. It was resolved tliat the next Conference be held in Adelaide in February, 1878. The Conference tendered its most hearty thanks to the friends in Adelaide who have so kindly entertained the members of Conference, to the Secretaries and reporters for their valu able services during the sittings of Conference, and to the President for the able manner in which he has conducted the business of the Conference. The journal having been signed, tbe President closed the Conference with prayer at 10.30 p.m. 