RICHMOND. PRESENTATION. Last Friday evening the Rev. D. B. Tinning, Congregational minister, Richmond, was presented with a purse of thirty-six sovereigns, from the mem- bers of his church and congregations, viz. :-Rich- mond, Cambridge, and the Coal River. On the occasion a social tea-meeting was held in Richmoud. Ample provisions were provided gratis by the ladies ; charge one shilling each ; proceeds to go towards the organ fund. Captain Killen was called to the chair at the public meeting, and made some very good remarks about the necessity of the brethren assisting the minister in doing that part of the church work which was more their duty to do than his. He referred to the Apostle's injunction (Acts 6.) "Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business. But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word." Mr. Napier also addressed the meeting, referring to the fact that, in this colony at least, Congregational ministers had nothing to depend upon but the good-will and voluntary support of their congregations. On prin ciple they have always refused to take assistance from the Government when offered, for such assist ance must ever come from the taxes of the people and the licenses of public-houses. The Apostolic Church was founded upon the voluntary principle, pure and simple. On this New Testament principle Congregational Churches exist, having this faith : That wherever the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ is valued His ministers will be supported. Mr. TINNING, in returning thanks for this proof of the kindness, and not merely kindness, but abounding liberality of his comparatively small church and congregation, gave a short account of the unanimous call he had received from the churches on the North-West Coast. He hoped he had done the will of God in remaining in Richmond and he would endeavour to serve them worthy of the kindness shown to him that night. He referred also to the buggy they had presented to him only a few months ago, costing over £60. He also thanked Mr. Searle for the way in which he had worked for him for years back. The meeting was also addressed by Mr. W. Stevens in some well chosen and appro- priate remarks. Mr. Napier then proposed a num- ber of gentlemen as a committee of management. The Doxology then closed a very pleasant evening of social tea, music-vocal and instrumental, and addresses. On Monday evening, the 29th, tho young ladies of the Congregational-Church gave another musical entertainment, with refreshments, for the organ fund, which was so very interesting that many of tho assembly wished it to bo repeated another even- ing. Richmond is highly favoured above many places for young ladies of musical ability, both vocal and instrumental. And what is best of all, their ser- vices are ever ready to be given to any good and worthy object, but are especially devoted to the services of God and the Saviour. The evening's enter- tainment closed, of course, with a vote of thanks all round, and "God save the Queen." 