CKMTCtASi IffiHjAWAfl&Et.l.; MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Fiuday, SurTEjniEit 14. Present — The full Council, loss Alderman W. Brown, through indisposition. Alderman Evans presented a memorial (a copy of which will be found elsewhere iu this issue), sotting forth reasons against the proposed removal of tho Council Chamber from Dapto. It was re- 1 ceivcd 011 the motion of Aldorinon Evans and firiflin. Correspondence outwards included a letter to the Surveyor-jSeneral, requesting Wattle Creek Road to be opened. ^ Tho following was tho correspondence in wards : — From John M'Kinlay, enclosing bill and de mand for £ti 1.0s. tho price of a cow, tho property of P. H. Osborne, which was killed at Ghost Bridge, consequent, as was alleged, upon its bad state of repair. From John Reed, respecting rates 011 old cot tage. From S. W. Gray, M.P. acknowledging receipt of memorials respecting Mullet Crook and Mac quario Bridges. From John Tigho, directing Council's attention to bad state of portion of O'iJrieu's Road. From G. M'Phail, complaining of wretched state of M'Phail's Road. From E. Gibson, giving Council notico to quit a portion of his land used as a road at Darke's Crook. From W. W. Jonkins, expressing his willingness to convey tho quarter of aero of land at Charcoal to tho Council. From tho Works Department, acknowledging receipt of nioiuorials respecting Mullet Creek ami ?Charcoal Bridges, from »S. W. Gray, M.P. It was slated that the local oflicur would .report 011 tho former, bridge, and pending the settlement of en dowment question any repairs required by Mhc quarrio Rivor Bi'idgo would bo carried out by tho said oliicei'. ' Tho correspondence was received, tho matter of the cow and M'Phail's road being referred to tho proper Committees. In reply to a question by Alderman Evans, tho Mayor stated that the cost of tho now Council Chamber was estimated at £200. A Finance Report, recommending payment of accounts amounting to £51 IGs. was adopted. Aldermen Smith and Griffin complained of a ?skid having boon drawn along portion of the main road by a contractor, in violation of tho By- Laws Moved by Alderman Spence, and seconded by Alderman O'Donnell — ' That tenders bo invited to next meeting of Council to repair the by-road east of Figtreo, leading to tho farms of several rate payers.' After a good deal of discussion, in tho course of which Alderman J. Brown opposed tho motion, on tho ground that tho road in question partook much of a private character, the motion was car ried, Aldermen J. Brown, Evans, and Griffin voting against it. Moved by x\lderman Porter, seconded by Alder man Spence, and carried — ' That this Council re solve itself into a Committeo of the Whole, for tho purpose of taking into consideration and dealing with tho correspondence from tho Government, received at last meeting, with reference to certain letters by Alderman John Brown and Alderman Evans.' Alderman Smith said ho felt very warm on tho subject of outside influence being brought to bear 011 the actions of the Council by any of its Alder men. In writing to the Minister of Justice as thoy did in their private capacity against tho pro ceedings of the Council, in connection with the Free Library, Aldermen J. Brown and Evans de served tho severest censure. He would say 110 moro, but move the following resolution — 'That the conduct of Aldermon J. Brown and Evans, in endeavoring, by representations privately made to tho Minister of Justice, to induce him to refuse consent to the expenditure of £15 of tho Corpor ate funds in establishing a Freo Library, in accord I anco with a resolution of the Council to that effect, is highly discreditable, anil deserving of very grave censure.' Alderman Porter seconded the motion. It gave him a painful pleasure to do so. Like tho taking of physic under certain circumstances, it was necessary to move the resolution. If such con duet as that of Aldermen J. Brown and Evans, in writing in thoir private capacity to tho Govern ment, in opposition to the deliberate actions of the Council of which they were Aldermen, were to be passed over without censure, all sucli institutions must soon cease. Such underhand work and tho legitimate actions of tho Council could not exist side by side. If the Council would tolerate such conduct, the management of tho whole Borough had better be handed over to Alderman J. Brown. It would bo reducing the Council to a farce to allow its proceedings to be interfered with unques tioned, in the way in which Aldermen J. Brown and Evans had acted by their underhand burrow ing in opposition to the library. Ho supposed the Minister of Justice was becoming disgusted with those two gentlemen and their private letters, and hence the reason why he referred such correspon dence on their part to tho Council for its report. It was a tremendous piece of impudent presump tion 011 their part to act as they did in addressing private .letters to the Minister against tho doings of the Council of which they themselves wore members. Unless the Council passed the resolu tion he moved, it would sink into being a mero parasito unworthy of existence. Alderman Spence considered tho attempts of Aldermon J. Brown and Evans to stab in the dark, as they did by their private letters to tho Minister, the most contemptable piece of cowardice he had over heard of, and he hoped he should never hear of tho like again. The motion of censure was not strong enough. Alderman O'Donnell regretted having to censure any of the Aldermen of the Council, but tho con duct of Aldermen J. Brown and Evans, in writing private letters to the Minister of Justice, was so contemptibly outrageous that it became absolutely necessary it should bo condemned. Alderman J. Brown said that doubtless he and Alderman Evans would feel much lowered by tho remarks just made about them, and tho vote of censure which it was proposed to pass upon them. After a little explanation, which he was about to make, however, perhaps the matter would assume a somewhat different aspect from that in which it had been set forth by those who had just spoken. Aldermen Smith and Porter, who were the pro poser and seconder of the resolution before tho meeting, had themselves set the example of writ ing private letters to the Government touching mattors ponding in tho Council. Alderman Smith had written to the Minister for Justice, some time ago, requesting him to withhold his approval or sanction to an act of the Council concerning the library until a certain memorial should reach him 011 the subject. Alderman Porter had done tho very same thing with regard to the separation movement in No. 3 Ward not long since. And theso two Aldermen, who wore the very men to sot the example of .writing private correspondence to the Government, were tho first to come forward and move a resolution of censure on himself and Alderman Evans for doing the same tiling. So far as tho resolution was concerned, he did not care in the least whether it wore carried or not. Ho treated with perfect contempt tho censure or opinion of the principal parties by whom the reso lution was brought forward. Ho supposed the resolution was concocted at the private meeting held at Charcoal on tho previous Friday. He had particular disregard for anything that Alderman Porter might do. That gentleman had been told at the public meeting held 011 the previous even ing what kind of a position he held. He (Alder man J. Brown) and Alderman Evans had not written to the Government as they did until they found the Council was dotermined to act illegally in the library matter, as they ditl previously, according to the opinion of two Attorney-Generals and a decision of tho District Court. He con tended that ho and Alderman Evans had a perfcot right to write to tho Government as they did, see ing what they wrote about had been carried in tho Council in the one instance by one of a majority, and in the other by the casting veto of tho Mayor. He again stated that he would treat tho intended censuro with contempt, and look upon it moro as an honor than otherwise, consider ing tho parties from whom it came. Alderman Evans said he had written to the Minister of Justice in the instance referred to in self-defence. Ho beliovod the action of the Council in tho Library matter was wrong, and being elected to do his duty, I10 wrote to the Minister as I10 did with tho view of preventing the wrong being done. If Alderman Porter had his way, he supposed I10 would not only have the Library at Wollongong, but liavo a Town Hall built there at the expense of Central Illawarra. All ho would say was, that he would do what lie conceived to bo liis duty, whatever censures might bo passed upon him by tho Council. Should the Council Chamber bo removed to Charcoal, I10 might never again require a seat in the Council. It might bo, however, that Mr. Portor .vould do all tho work himself in future, and that 110 Conn cil would bo required in tho Borough. Tho Mayor said that, with regard to thoromarks of Aldermen J'. Brown and Evans, to tho effect that tlicy had only dene thoir duty in what they woro boing censured for, all that he could say was, that lie had never been aware that writing private letters to the Government with reference to tho business of tho Council was part of tho duties of an Alderman. Had I10 been aware that any such duly would have been imposed upon him I10 should never liavo accepted tho oflice of an Alderman. What Aldermen Brown and Evans had said in their defence only made tho matter worse. Their conduct deserved the most severe censuro. Alderman Smith said all I10 did in tho instanco referred to by Alderman J. Brown was to write to tho Minister of Justice to withhold his decision in a certain matter connected with tho Library until a memorial from tho ratepayers should reach him on tho subject, after which, of course, I10 was to lino his authority and judgment as he might think best. Aldermen Brown and Evans, requested tho Minister to absolutely refuse his assent f 11 action of the Council There was tlm tf, !' ° analogy bet, ween tho two cases. Alderman Porter said that all he did w.l3 to write to tho_ Government to withhold tin, t ing of separation to No. 3 Ward until a el'?! petition, winch was in course of signamw, leach them. Ihero was 110 analogy between tl,,! and what Alderman Brown and Evans hail dono Such letters as lie had written were continually reaching tho Government, but tho action 0f Aldermen Brown and Evans, iu writing ,n?J letters to the Government behind the backl'f (t Council of which they were members, was without a parallel, and he hoped would remain so A or man Lrown and his followers were like ostri W Whenever they were detected in their niaiice lvr ing thoy at once rushed and hid their head in some little sand heap, under tho iniprcssi „ they wore quite out of sight, whereas tlley 3 remained fully exposed to view. And not „ I did they themselves think they wore beyond Z covory when their heads woro covered, but other shortsighted people like thom thought so too V,n r lttl° n,anoeuviing8 were exposed' Whether or not Aldermen Brown and Evans cared for the censure proposed to bo passed upon them did not troublo liiui in the least. Thoy deserved it and that was all the Council had to consider or caro for in passing it. Tho resolution was then carried on tho following division : ayes, Aldermen Smith, Porter, Spcuco' O Donnell, and tho Mayor ; noes, Aklermcn Grif! fin, J. Brown, mid Evans. Alderman Porter directed attention to the fact that Aldermen Brown and Evans had voted [ruinst then-selves being censured. He supposed 'moro private letters would bo sent to tho Government i pointing out that three Aldermen voted against ' the resolution, whereas, if those two Aldermen had f refrained from voting, as they should have d'ne ! there would have been only one vote a'ainst it ' The Mayor then brought up a letter pp'pu'ed ' by tho Special Committee of which lie was Chair 1 man. to bo forwarded to tho Minister of Jils[ico i H.cpnvaie leu era sunt to that Minister by Aldermon J. Brown and Evans and : generally with regard to the Freo Library, 'ilia i letter having been read, it was received, on tho j motion of Aldermen O'Donnell and Porter. j On the motion of Aldermen Porter and 0'Don- j nell, it was carried (by 5 to 3, as in tho previous j instance) that a copy of tho motion of censure just - passed on Aldermen J. Brown and Evans l-o up. i pended to the letter to be forwarded to the Minister of Justice. i The Council then resumed, and reported tho ' business transacted in Committee. On a division - of 5 to 3, as previously, the report of the Com- ? mittee was adopted, on the motion of Aldermen Smith and Spence. Moved by Alderman Evans, seconilcd by Alder man Portor, and carried— ' That tenders be callcd for erecting a new bridge over the creek near Mr. Gibson's, on Darke's Road, according to specitica tion and plan prepared.' i Moved by Alderman Evans, seconded by Alder man J. Brown, and carried — 'That tenders ho called for repairing a portion of Darke's Road.' Moved by Alderman Evans, seconded by Alder man Griflin, and carried — 'That the memorial received this day from the ratepayers of tho Borough of Central Illawarra, having rofercnco to the removal of the Council Chamber, be consi- i dercd.' Alderman Evans thon moved— 'That tho memorial be complied with.' Alderman J. Brown seconded tho motion. Alderman Spence moved as an anieiulinont, and Alderman O'Donnell seconded — 'That consider ation of tho memorial stand over until that day six months.' A lengthened discussion (which our space will s not permit us to report) took placo 011 tlio motion 5 and amendment, Aldermen Evans and J. Brown 1 speaking in favor of tho former, and Aldermen ! Spence, O'Donnell, and Porter supporting tho 1 amendment. J The amendment was eventually carried by 5 to £ 3, as in previous instances, and tho motion lost on i a similar division. { Moved by Alderman J. Brown—' Tiiat tenders ' be invited to next meeting of Council for sufficient \\. piles and other timber to repair tho Mullet Creek [ Main Bridge.' f Alderman Evans seconded the motion. ! Moved as an amendment by Alderman Porter, [ seconded by Alderman Grifiin, .and carried nnani- i mously — ' That tho General Committeo for norks be instructed to examine Mullet Creek Bridgo, and report to next meeting as to what urgent repairs they may consider it in need of.' Moved by Alderman J. Brown, seconded by Alderman Spence, and carried — ' Tlmt tenders bo invited to the next meeting of Council for tho erection of a fence along tho log-work in front of the Kembla Store, No. 2 Section Main Road, subject to tho report of the General Committeo for Works.' Moved by Aldermen Smith and O'Donnell, and carried — 'That further consideration be had of tho road in dispute at Brandy and Water Creek, with reference to which letters from Messrs. Connaughton and W. Fitzgerald wero read at tho last meeting, and that a conclusion be como to iu the matter.' Moved by Alderman J. Brown, seconded by Alderman Griffin, and carried — ' That tho Works Committeo for No. 2 Ward be instructed to again investigate tho road matter between Connaughton and Fitzgerald, and roport to next meeting.'' Moved by Alderman Smith, seconded by A 'to- rn an O'Donnell, and earned unanimously 'That the By-laws Committee bo instructed to draft a nc«' code of By-laws for tho regulation of tho Freo Library, and bring the same before the Council at its next sitting.' Moved by Aldorman Smith, seconded by Alder man Spence, and carried unanimously — 'flint tho second list of books for tho Freo Library be uroupnt up at next meeting, and, if needful, revised, ivitli a view to its being forwarded forthwith to tlio Government for approval.' Tho Council then proceeded to open and decuto on tenders as follows ? — , For erection of a now Council Chamber ^ coal. — J. Staff. £355 10s; J. Rankin, £3oo; Elliott, Brothers, £325 ; George Osborne, WW Alderman O'Donnell moved — That tho tender of Mr. Georgo Osborno, for £313, he acccptod. Mr. Osborno was well known as a contractor, ana it was cortain tho work would bo well dono uy him. Aldorman Spence seconded tho motion. Alderman J, Brown opposed the ^notion. estimate of tho cost of the building given by 10 Mayor at that meeting was £200, whereas it « now proposed to accept a tender for £31 0 tor 10 work. I11 the event of that tender being accepted, tho Chamber would cost £500 before completion The thing was being pushed with improper lias c, all boing for a purpose. Instead of tonders ben^ received for the work at the samo time as tlio p - and specification wero laid 011 tho table, as was caso that day, tenders should not _ liavo c called for until the plan and specification iliaa Dec approved by tho Council. He moved - ? consideration of tenders for a Council Olia stand over for six months.' , , Alderman Evans seconded the amendment. Alderman Porter said, though ho should liaio . preferred a cheaper building, tlio planshowo ? tho 0110 for which tenders were before the 1 inceu „ would be an excellent and haiiusoiiio structme. At the previous meeting Aldorman l^'11'3. ^ ' ' , , the Council should build a Chamber at al 1 a to bo a good 0110, and not a building wine 1 v cost only £200 or thereabouts. On those j, Aldorman Evans should support tho acccp ? tho tendor for tho better and higher price' ing which it was proponed to liavo erootei ? if it should cost £400, tho interest on that a won would only bo £10 per annum after the pa . fc tho new Municipalities Bill, which was cc tako placo very soon. The motion for tho acceptance of tho ten W was thon carried by 5 to 3, as in tlw sions, tho amendment being lest m the saw Tho following tenders wore also accepted Work- on No. J. section Main Road.— Ohnetl and Wilson, £3 10s. — ? ? Laying on N--. -°- suction -Main- lload.— M'l'anl md M'Donuiigh. £K- us ' Wni'lc mi No. 2 suction Main Road.— William- son and J'''.v'i ?'£'??? ... , ? , ,. -i This concluded tlio business, which continued unceasingly from 3 p.m. until half-past 8 o'clock. rjioTOdUAi'iiY. — Parties intending to liavo thoir likenesses taken by Messrs. Tmnior and Co., who Jrivc boon in town during the past few weeks, will notice Unit the gallery will be dually closed oil Saturday next. The likenesses taken by Messrs. Tniiiier and Co. are unquestionably very good indeed. ? I 