JOHN GEO-5DOUGHARTY ND CO.'S REPORT. Melbourne Jn'.y IS. 1877. Fat Cattl::. — 1.115 mirded, .-on-isting of one l.'f. of nearly 3: 0 big tm locks from Queensland, two drafts fr-m Now Smith Wales, and ;l:e halanc- Vict. An. There was u Kvgi proportion if he: vy- weights. Jus: a: the opening of ihe - l uvi rs uo- peared t> he iu iili.-n-p.t. bur, =. ' t.-r business IiikU got a fair start, goo i prie-.s. »v ivriized. Light-weights, being in slew: supply, weiein iii m-iml, and realized more in pr opertim than ihe larger cattle, tin tlie whole, g >od qualiiy sold at an improvement on last w, ek's prices. Qn itarions: — Best bullocks, from £13 to £15 — .one ex'ru- weight, £17: good 1 .11 1 locks, from £10 to £12; Medium n:i l out £7 to £9 10s. We Ml d 103 inl an i COWS for Mr Mitchell, "f Briugeutoo'v, Is-;' ticks ;o£10 5-, cows 10 £8; 21 buK.-cks 'hu ! o -vs for Mr Stnckey, of Bnngoo'oir, hu ua-.l: ' so £10 7s 6.1. cows to £7 7s 0d ; aud a ,-iuaii dr.if: of cows for MrLavers. Fat Calves.— 50 iu, wbicb, following last week's still smaller supply, caused veal to be iu great demand. Goed medium weights and quality realized 5Cs to 100s. Fat Sheep. — 15,100 constitute 1 the week's supply, and consisted of about equal pro portions of merino aud crosshreds. including three good flocks from Rivtriua. The de mand was brisk, and generally satisfactory prices were realized. Quotations : — Best cross bred wethers, from 20s to '32s Od ; best ewes, from ISs to 25s ; best merin.. wethers, from 13s to 14s 6d ; best ewes, fr-m 10: to lis Gd. We sold 650 merino wotliers from the North, 13s 6d ; 250 merino wethers from Mount Cotterell, to 9s 2d. Fat Laiiks. — S'70 penned, being a moderate supply, aud uot more tban equ.il lo the de mand. Nearly "all were ot good saleable quulity, and cleared oat readily. Best selling from 9s to lis. "We sold 239 for Dr Rowe, from Seven Creeks. Pure Stock. — Wo sold 75 Lincoln hogget ewes and and 11 rams, from Geeioug district, at satisfactory prices. Russia and Persia. — The following in formation with regard to the relations be tween Russia and Persia reaches Vanity Fair from a reliable source : — " Some two months since a special envoy was spnt by the Czar to the oliah of lersia, for the purpose of in ducing the latter to enter into .1 secret trcatv iu view of difficulties with the Porte. The reception of the envoy was mot cordial, but the Persian Court for some tiuie contented itself with a long and protracted course of what may be termed Oriental diplomacy, which was difficult to meet.. Despite the well-known power of fascination which Mus covite diplomatists undoubtedly possess, the mission has proved a failure. The final reply of the Shah, which has been received, is a recapitulation of all the previous treaties en tered iuto between Russia and Persia since the time of Peter the Great, in every single case showing, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that they have always ended most disastrous! v for Persia. The. Shah puts the question in tlie most pacific terms, but submits that since the friendship of Russia has always led to such unfortunate results, he could not in the face of these facts, accept a treaty which his own people would most certainly not only- protest against, but even oppose. Under these circumstances, all lie could agree to would be a pledge of tsrict neutrality in case of war; and even that he declines, unless some substantial guarantee is given that Rus sia will respect the state of neutrality." A Richmond Ghost.— The Richmond (Vir ginia) Whig says A rumor has been in cir culation iu the city for several w.a-ks past that has caused no little uervousm ss umoug trip superstitious, especially those of :he gent ler sex. The basis of this story 2- Not a great many years ago a young and beautiful lady, who came here on a visit to friends, during her sojourn was taken to one of the large maufacturing establishments u >on the James River to see tho machim r. of the manufactory in operation. Wi.iu, goine through the estaBlishment' she ventured too pear a line of horizontal ehcfriu -, and her clothing becoming entai g!c-d in oue. of the pulleys, she was lift -d from the fi 'or. 'thrown a distance of 15 or 20 feet, terribly crushed, ana Kitiea. . xnis was 111 auy years nyo. Since that event transpired tbo'hnsbiiu-i- oi iim un fortunate' lady hashemoved near this factory, and for the. past few weeks rumor has it whenever he visits the scene, that witnessed the' horrible death of his wife, whether it be in' the day or night, he see's what is t i all ap pearances his former companion in life, in flesh and blood. The ghost or spirr , or what ever it may be termed, has on several occa sions remained near him until lie moved toward her. when she or it would quietly glide away in dim distance. These unnatural visits from ouo who hak been deml for more than fifteen years have not ouiy been wit nessed by the husband, but by mauy others who knew the lady well daring hor life, and vehemently assert that they' have wituessed au ot tuese visitations, xue story, wneiiier it is true or false, has caused no lmle excite ment amongst the friends of the p irLieg most intimately conuected with tho affair. 