ORDINATION ADDRESSES. During the ember week preceding the ordination on Trinity Sunday the candidates', were the guests of the Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse. The Bishop had arranged with various clergymen for a series of addresses,; toTt^ose about to be ordained, on subjects connected with the .pastoral, office. On Monday evening the speaker was the Very Rev. the Dean of. Melbourne. He spoke of the motives to pastoral work, of preaching, and of intercourse with the flock. In regard to . the first, he said that if the ministry were entered with an idea of worldly advance ment, the result would be bitter disappointment ; but if the motive were a desire to do the Lord's work, the ministry was the most blessed of all employments. The ministry was a most miserable profession if entered only from worldly motives ; but if undertaken with a desire to spend and be spent for the Lord, it was incomparably happy even in the present world. Referring to preaching, he said the best rule ever given was — ' Have something to say, and say it.' Let the mind be well stored with the subject ; endeavour to speak correctly, and in public use the simplest language. The main object of preaching was to speak Christ. As every object we saw was by reflected light, and yet there was an infinite variety of objects, so Christ was to His servants the Light in which they saw everything, and every variety of subject might be presented as lead ing to Him or illustrating His character and work. Every sermon should have a direct object, and want of such clear distinction ren dered preaching vague. Complaint was sometimes made of difficulty in finding a variety of topics ; but this arose from neglect of two subjects — the Scriptures and the human mind. There was an infi nite variety in both, attention 'to them found no sameness. Sir Walter Scott's power of describing scenery arose from his care in noting the minute characteristics of the scenes described, thus fol lowing the variety of nature instead of trusting to the comparative poverty of his own powers. So if the minister followed Scripture and the workings of the human mind, he would not find a want of subjects, nor would his sermons be chargeable with sameness. Speaking of visitation, he would not recommend a pastor after going twice through his district to visit the people more than, once in three months, except in case of* sickness. Lectures should be delivered only in the church. . Too frequent visitation led often either to for mality or undue familiarity. Every visit should be the means of bring ing forward in some form the gospel message, so that it should be received, and of seeking the way of access to the heart. Thus the character of the people would influence the pastor's sermons, and the minister would find that what suited the minds of one congrega tion would not be useful for another. The carrying of the gospel from house to house was a most solemn duty, and called for special prayer — a lifting up of the heart to God on entering each home that the visit might be beneficial to its inmates, and repeating the bless ing of ' peace' which Christ gave to His disciples. On Tuesday evening the candidates were addressed by the Ven. , Archdeacon. Tucker. He took for his subject the' work of a minister as connected with the organisation of a country parish. He said that in a well-managed city parish, with its regular services, syste matic visitations, and various classes, they had one aspect of the clergyman's work ; but in the country districts such a system could not be looked for. The conditions of such work in certain parts of the colony had entirely changed during the last few years. In place of a vaguely-known, sparsely-populated area, with here and there a station, they had tracts of country occupied by selectors, and land which formerly maintained only hundreds had now its thousands. The church must change its system to keep pace with the progress of population. The towns could not help them, for popu lation drifted from the towns into the country, and the former would find?;ifcp.ieriough.!to support : their ministers) , Therefore the 'country .clearly' midst 'ba-dndependenfc' of the cities. He sketched: a system ? svhichv had i 'been found, to work advantageously hvhis. own arch - .dgaconryiand other districts, -viz.', a.presiding -clergymani -with a staff of - curates :and.layrreaders — all the funds to.be collected in a common. , centre,vahd the; curates, paid from this at a fixed rate. . He did. not think a.young- clergyman should study to please the people person ?allyfso- that at the end of -a' year-he might go with a handsome ?;bonu8;'leaving. the district impoverished for his successor. Attention :shouldVb6 given to the .collection of population, and the presence of a. .State-school, or .a few 'houses indicated where congregations might be gathered.. .He warned his hearers against regarding the customs of theichurchwith indifference. . This was a great mistake. The intelli gent laitywould despise a minister who did not respect the church's laws; iJf a man fancied, because he had only -a dozen hearers, that ;hB need,not,'wear a surplice, and read;a few collects, and gave a short, -ill-prepared,,, extempore sermon, the people, would respect him no irbore/th'ah they would any pious shoemaker who gave himself to the rvy.ork .of} preaching. In conclusion, he said country work was hard, ?iandirbadi. many, difficulties, and discouragements ; but if the pastor were faithfuliandeai-nest, and-toorked from, the love of Christ and dni\'dependence':.up6n-.God's Holy Spirit,, the people would help him, ?andvhiis.- ministry would not be unfruitful. . ..... . ' . ? Canon Handfield was the speaker on Wednesday evening. He eaid -: that iamong. the exhortations, given by St. Paul to Timothy is -'^Give.-.attendance to reading.' , The 'reading to which, he referred ?:waa ^ mdfit ? probably, the pubLic reading of .the Scriptures in the Christian, assemblies (Ellicott— Alford) though some (Chrysostom in Al&rd;) :iiadi explained it of private study. But there was little doubt1.. .that: to. i giye attention to study, and especially the study of .the iHolyi.. Scriptures, was incumbent on a clergyman, and one which Ijeeeivedf great .prominence in^the ordination service, and one which tteas never, moreen eedful than in these days. . The saying of Bacon, .?that j 'i; reading, maketh &' full man,.' had its application to sacred Bjtudies ^ .as also that other well-known sentence in the same essay— &Sead; not: to contradict and refute, nor to believe and take for, granfed, nor toiinditalk and discourse ;. but to; weigh and consider.'' Although a knowledge of the original languages was most needful tq ?understand sacred criticism, yet there were so many helps provided for the English student in. the way of commentaries and dictionaries ?fchatih.e need but haveJittle difficulty in making himself acquainted .?#ith; the; chief results which modern critics have established. Dr. Arnold^ in.writ.ingito.an old pupil who was preparing for holy orders, W'g€djihati,there are two- objects to be aimed. at.in the professional study of the Scriptures — first, to know what the Scriptures: said for the.U3'0\vn) times, and then what they say to us and to our times. The fi*sfc!of ithese is the/only sound basis,of true exegesis and of reasonable KShoitatioKU .The student ;of : the. Holy Scriptures must try, first of all*.: to ./.ascertain the -mind of, the. writer, whom he is studying; t&n;∈ doing this theidivinifcy student must remember the advice of Archbishflp, iWbately,- and , ,b.e -on . his. guard. .against the danger, of rea'diog 'the. Bible through the . coloured . spectacles of a theological gysiejm. .:!E'or,'jthis is.not to take Scripture for one's guide, but rather to; , .make s oneself . a ,'guideito. Scripture.'1 It. was very desirable, in CHxlerv.tQ arrive; at .the true meaning of Scripture, that it should be Studied regularly, and ^systematically, -and. for its own sake — not Ojerery,.f or :the purpose. of making a. ?sermon.. or getting up a subject. Ifc wasj alsocdesirable to read large portions at one time, so as to be able to .ascertain :the drift and. object of the writer, and to acquire' familiarity with his methods of argument, and modes of expres sion, yjni order to preserve the proportion of the faith .and rightly tp.Avdivi.de the -word, of.' truth,. Scripture should be compared with. Soiipture;:i and the differences noted as well. as the resemblances,! that.aQjthe;true,harmony of Scriptural testimony might be perceived ipealJ.ii.ts.richness;and;fulness. The importance of such study was so greatithat not even, .the exigencies of ; parochial work; should prevent alfejergyman £rom,.devoting time to it, in .the. humble trust that He who has. called him :to;.be a; minister of His Word would, not suffer bimitD.ladk the., means of?',' reading: arid weighing those Scriptures' carefully which he. was to expound, to men.; Lastly, a clergyman' ? should, profit by a confession of the sainted Henry Martyn, and be on: Ijiajguard against reading, the Bibles only with a view to professional tKOi'kv. -He-should. read it also devolionally, for his own reproof, his _ QWU comfort,.. his own. instruction 'in righteousness; that,- '.'having ' pxeached, to others^ he may jiotihimself be found a castaway.' -j^Qn Ihursdayi.evening Canon Vance delivered an address, taking for.hiatext.Ephesians iv. .lire-' Pastors arid teachers.'; The subject of,.f,he;addresS(Was.tbe office, of the ..teacher as forming part in the divine constitution of the church of .that larger ministry, which we comtoonJy call the pastorate — an office of special value in. these days 0& loose, hold: upon doctrines, and effervescence of the religious imagi nation^ but Jess systematically .exercised than consists either with the S0^emfl.,pledges:giv«n.by:ministers at: their ordination or with the im tierious necessities ofthe church. After' distinguishing the work of the ev^gelistin.theLcnurch--r which is addressed to the understanding, andiisr.GODcerned with' elementary tmiths ; with; laying, or, as in parochial, missions, laying, again, the, foundation of the 'faith — from that of the -pastor, .which lies:rather.in the edification of the. believer and\of-:the body,-, it. was shown that the 'parochial ministry of to-day, tib.ough ^fferangmany;occasions for' the exercise of .the evangelist's gift,, is .eminently pastoral ; and that/ the substitution in it, for any Gonsideirable,time,;of the. evangelist fonthe pastor would, however at the; first ^.attended by; a .quickening of the/ spiritual- pulse iof the ? dQmmunity,;be.'detriinental.in'theend:toitsreligi6us.progre'ss. Detri- ? mpntJias actually occurred to the church of late years from the extent t-Q)mhioh , in the discharge of one .part of. the pastorate, the. preacher has/itakeh the. -place of .the teacher.. The Jatter, addresses. -himself, notitoiintejject,.but to: faith,.; .is concerned with growth 'i-a^her than life,-.with.i building; rather athaEUtfoundingj i with. .mystery rather .than. miraQVer.with strong joieat for. meni of .robust'; spirit-rather than' with 10JWi6pitifiu^l)diet,foiT.!n6vice's:rand ichildren.-. Througb.the negleot of; ttoeoordJnianGecoi'teaching^ and the '(disposition- of late years-to1 con- i centfate attention on -a few truths, lying at the threshold1 of Chris .tianity, the .cryingeviLof the day. is .spirituaL ignorance, thechurcb. is leavened with Unitarian and Swedenborgian sentiment, while such cardinal truths as, the Personality: of , the Holy, Ghost,; the Resurrection of the body, the permanency of, our Lord's Incar nation, have no real hold upon .the. minds of a4 large-part- of bur people. .. The. result of . a long ? exaltation of the- evan gelist over the teacher, is. that an age of unparalleled ? mis sionary fervour has issued in a state of unparalleled -feebleness . and failure of faith. Clergymen in their parishes' will, of ten 'have ? ? . ; to do the work of evangelists, but. teachers they are- in ? virtue, of their oflice. Pastor and teacher are not two gifts, but one, and must not be divided. Pastoral' exhortation itself is meant to rest upon and flow our, of. doctrine. In the epistle. to the Epbesians every pastoral lesson, even, the most obvious, rises out of a bed of pure theology; To those who would havens preach nothing but the. simple gospel* we are not to.be afraid to reply, that the Gospel of -Christ, though, having its: simple side that ifcmay be laid hold. of by, simple minds, is not aisimple gospeL, The words 'Nothing save Jesus Christ, and ?Him crucified,' to St. Paul in his office , as an. evangelist wotild serve as: .a text for very, simple preaching; but- in 'his hands as a teacher, as: in. the epistle to the Eomans. or,-to. the Ephesians, they are the key-words of a recondite dogmatic system. The teacher, who shall, .teach with authority .must expect opposi tion.: Dogma never finds favour. But . by labouring to advance - believers in spiritual knowledge, more, will be done tb secure them, from falling away from faith or practice than bylaying .the founda tion o%rer. and over again. . The teachermust have been first a student. Only by study and use can we stir up the whole gift of God in-our -ministry. We must submit to be taught that me-, in', our^ turn Mnay '? teach. We must study the Word. and. the .people committed tous, being faithful to. both, keeping back nothing we have'receivedf. teach'- ing dogma, not dogmatically, but in all love ; and weheed^have.uo fear but God will honour His ordinance in . us His servants., 'r.'if-you have any selfish ends in your ministry you will not indeed so compass them ; but if your only ends be to use the entire grace given ?-to'.jrpu jtfor the perfecting of the saints and the. edification, of . the body, to ^makchead with every weapon, you. have against; the spiritual igno 'rance that is eating into our faith, ..to supply, .a solid basis for pastoral admonition and a sure remedy for weak and fluctuating sdu'ls against every blast of vain doctrine.and cunning-craftiness or. men, and to lift menout of th'at state, in .which the possession; of everlasting life is. the end and. not the beginning of the Christian comse, 'act out .the whole of your, ministryr^be teachers of the flock as. well as pastors ; that, learning of you.how to Hold the fcriith-as well as how to walk in love1, 'and. being in all thingst increased and edified by your ; ministry, they and you, with the .whole, church, .'.speaking the truth , in love, may grow up into, Him in ..all. things, .which is Hie Head I even Christ,' Himself the one Teacher sent, from God, as well as1 the I Shepherd and Bishop of our souls.' . ?.!.. ; i I ? The speaker on .Friday, evening was the Ven. Archdeacon iStietch. i He said that had he been, about to preach a sermon on this occasion i he would have taken, for . Ms . text Coloss. i.,^8rr- ' Christ . 4 . i whom we preach:; warningi every man, and teaching cveiy man in tall wisdom ;' for. the work of the minister) was. nol only io pieach j Christ,, but to teacH His flock. .The pastor should give attention to ! the work of buildingup the church ; he must teach men individually, laud in all.things he should actfas he. believed .with 'therHoly.Ghosji. ; He showedihum.an nature in all its aspects— its weakness, its. strength :, jits pride. and folly. . To do , this he needed examples, and where could ihe look for these? . The. medical, student had his books,: which guided jhim in his treatment of /the cases which met him in; daily...life;. .And ! the pastor had .such guidance, and examples of ..huiriaii' -nature, in the Bible, i . There every phase of sin and imperfection, i was/ 'set j forth. The i history of Abraham; exhibited alike- strength arid weak* I ness ; Lot's character showed how latent good might :existan ,men; ' :the nobility of Abimelech, manifested in his dealings with Abraham, | should teach us not .to despise those who have no profession ? of' reli-: ;gion, for they might still be worthy; the narrative of Jeroboam's idolatry showed how gradually men fell into, error ; and other .in- .: I stances were adduced as- evidencing the richness of the Scriptures in : revealing the impulses of mankind. Still, '.other and merely human books would be found valuableias auxiliaries in this study,'. and. the jspeaker named several which he considered useful. ;Eef erring -.to ?works of 'fiction, .he said, they should, be used , with caution, if or ^ -the '??','?' jpeople took. their tone:::from their: pastor. Ministers, should 'be ? : students of life ; and as tbe medical student walked the hospitals for actual knowledge, of disease, so. they should gain from- experience 'knowledge of. their people's peculiar wants. ; The young.man who fell .into sceptical notions should be treated differently from thehard :worked and- care-burdened mother of a family.-. Each. had. 'different ; temptations, which called for special attention. /JChedifficul'ties-tHe'. I Christian met in his own experience would aid h im. in. this,- but: not entirely. To meet the rich, and poor and give consolation ifitted for jthe condition of each was a;hard task; and: the; study of .humanity was difficult; but he recommended his hearers to begia'-. without ;delay. 'He concluded with, a few short .rule's .by . which -the -clergy.- jman's, knowledge of men might be made useful and effective,v:advis ling the candidates to watch their, opportunity. f or giving; counsel or iconsolation, to endeavour : to propitiate their, congregation,'- to Javoid ithe use of satirical- language,1 to be : persevering in. their ' efforts, dn^ itobe constant in prayer. . . .' . .. ? : ?;-...:' Lui ?'.:A;.r' ; ?? The last address -was delivered on Saturday evening by - Canon : .Goodman.- He. referred feelingly -to the position of the candidates orn ?the threshold of their solemn :office,: and said that, lpokitig back on' his .own^workVand .the. privilege of having held. the -ppst of i examining ichaplain solohg-l- about^a/quartor of a century ^-he was thankful- that 'he still retained that office. .'He had heard Bishop Perry.. deliver saddresses thirty-six, times, .and remembered much that ihehadvsaid. ;He; would speak. of -a .subject which had .not.ibeen. touched .upon; by * ??-'.? ;tbe'J gentlemen'.: who 'i had preceded: himv ?;« The : 'ordin'atjon i;serm(ce : ; designated! bhepastoral'OffiQe as one of dignityyand there^WaSJliability ? ? ;i to the \ danger of elation. But as the dignity was great,' bo -was the , responsibility, as; in the case of a' commander-in-chief or. a judge/ Paul spoke of the possession of .?' sufficiency,' which in.: his case was '.'of God.' Had.the candidates a feeling of sufficiency ? and. was it of . God or of self ? The faults of self-sufficiency he described as leading to. indolence in pulpit preparation, to impatience of advice, and con tempt of older men. In.this country young clergymen could not be placed under rectors, and the very extent, of the colony often compelled a young man to be left without any supervision ; and this fostered a spirit.of self-sufficiency. The same vice, he said, destroyed esprit de, corps, weakened charity, atid injured the bodyof, the. church. It also created an unwillingness to submit to rule ; and.asw.e prayed for deliverance from schism, we should watch against its advances too. In the;study of church history it .would be. found that the majority, of heretical leaders were distinguished for their., selfsuffi ciency ; and in the' present organisation of the church the; power of a Bishop was limited and his rule was mild, so that an unreasonable ?opponent was to a great extent independent. But if Christ were the. pattern of the clergyman's life, he would: cheerfully submit to guidance and authority. The late Bishop, of. Melbourne had said that he often discovered in the meekness or impatience with which a man received a rebuke an indication of his character. Self sufficiency, the speaker considered, ':? was; a source of. sacerdotal assumption. . The ambitious clergyman .desired the obedience of .the people, and if .this was not forthcoming his temper became ruffled. Christian people. preferred earnestness above talent, and even: scepr tics would honour ministerial worth. Yet some pastors wished. to teach'ftheir flock-the dignity of their own office, and .so .they taught that : the. sacraments: of. dissenters were not valid. How great a power! did such .men aspire to I — leading perhaps to sacerdotal vest ments and even to auricular Confession. Self-sufficiency, was also the cause of all offensive haughtiness of manner,, which .was fatal, to sa. minister's usefulness, and had been productive of much injury.to,the church, wherever its ministrations were carried on. He counselled his: hearers, if they felt any tendency in this direction,, to seek., the helpiof God's Spirit ; . and on this, the eve of the most solemn day, of their life, to give themselves to prayer and meditation. They would probably have the charge of larger districts, involving- great responsi bility ; but let them cultivate humility. Though often discouraged, let them remember the work was God's, that their sufficiency was of Him .;- and h.e,conc|uded by .urging them to live ..always near the .Cross, and to find their strength in prayer. ? ? 