NEWS AND NOTES. To-day’s events are:-Football match at Saxon paddock, Albion Club v Creswick Club; Warden’s Court; meeting of Bungareeshire Board of Advice, City-hall. To-morrow’s religious services'-'include;:— Christ Church Pro-Cathedral—;Rev. H.-E, ;Rov. 8. 1 T.'i Cummins, evening.’ Et; Paul’s, Church-:-; ■ Right Rev.“Dr Tbbrritori, inornirig and evening. 11 St; Andrew’s Kirk—Bsy.'E;’'!.' Watkiri, mofuiiig I ;and evening. ; ’ ;; y :'\\- : ■ In our Hews and Notes in Thursday’s Star, having reference to the Ballarat Agricultural Socie.ty.’s-Spring Show, wo stated that -the-latest -date .for receiving entries was 29th October. It ahould have.read the 20th‘October.: V- . ; The Education Act.-.is not, : it appears, such a bril liant success after a!l, evea on the showing of its best best friend; --On . Thursday, 23rd instant, Mr Berry said:—“l feel as strongly as any member of this House that too much money is. being expended on education, 1 ; taking theTesults we get therefrom,' was this feeling ' strongly’ pressing Von my. mind that induced me To gjya my adhesion to the proposal'.to, appoint" a .pbmmissiori to’.enquire into, the wlible system of education in this colony, .with the view, of finding .out .the .shortcomings,- the. manner in-which,- .the; expondituro may be reduced,- and the.aggregate jreaults increased.’’ ■ An extraordinary, general meeting of the Ballarat. Woollen Company, was held on Friday evening, 2lth August,. at : the Alfred-half .Assembly-room.: - About twenty shareholders' were-present,-/and-Mr -’James .Russell, occupied the chair. The’ business ;of the meeting was to confirm certain- resolutibria. .passed at the general meeting'of the jCprilpariyffi’eld on the 30th July. Mr lugbam,moved and Mr Crowther seconded the confirmation of the’fesolutions. • Camed,' V ; The hi'st bogie engine delivered at the railway -station by the Plloonix Foundry Company made a trial trip on Friday as far as Lai Lai and back, under the sripefvisioh of Mr Sewell, ■ thb Government in; spector at the foundry, arid Mr Troup, the locomotive foreman here, > The main r difference in the construc tion of this engine frbria that ot the others is the “bogie” truck on which the'fforit part of the’engine rests. This is; a framework some six or eight feet in length, mCuritedl upoh. four’ wheels,; arid on it the smoke-box of the engine rests, being attached-to it by a pivot, which play.'for the front wheels; than inn-, the .'Other...engines, and allows sharp curves to :be.easily,traversed; : This mode of construe-, tion necessitates the cylinders being fixed outside, but beyond that there aro)few alterations to note from the old style.’ At the first start things worked a little stiffly, hut: that, sooif -wore off, arid good. time was madedn botU thaiip and down journeys. -There were no’very sharp curves -■■pasaed' over, which could Be a real test of the bogie -construction, but the new arrangement'.answered/all expectations, of it. The Foundry Company delivered . another' emrine on Friday. i j, r . : - t ' Theffiext theeting of the Riponshire'Council will 1 be; held on Friday, 7th September,’ instead of the pre vious Thursday,, on which'day"the’Skipton Show wifi take plgbe. ' “ ' "' -v- The gold cross presented : to Air G. Thompson, '■the treasurer of the B.C.O.fat the a'rinual meeting on Thursday, 23rdinst., was supplied by Mr Sleep, and bore the following inscription Presented to Mr George Thompson by the committee-bf-th'e B.C.C. in reoogni tion.of hie, many services. ~,'August, 1877.” Thorild committee themselves-paidJordt. - .'I CT.K ’ James/Frame vvas charged at the City Court Friday with haying stolen a cow, the‘ property of Mr 1 S. Cadden, in May last, and after the greater portion of the evidence .bad, been taken; the prisoner ’waa reV manded for a week, pending the production offurther evidence, bail being allowedinhis own surety’of £lOO \- others of £5O each. The Chinese camp on Friday night resembled an vast beehive more than anything else, for it was crowded from dusk until dawn by larrikins, Chinese, and sight-seers male and female. The annual cere mony of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. About £30 was collected to pay ex penses, and was laid out in firewood, food, and paper patterns of clothing. At dusk a large fire was lit in the open air, and tom- toms, kettledrums, and reed pipes used, to produce an ear-splitting chorus. This music, unearthly tbough not very spiritual, was kept until midnight, to attract the attention of the spirits for whose benefit the good things were provided. Spirit etiquette seems to be the same all the world over, and it is not "the thing" for even Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight. At that witching hour gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, and dishes wherein rice, fowls, fruit, vegetables, and pudding formed an olla podrida were placed round the fire. When the spirits were supposed to have eaten enough to last them for another twelvemonth and warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt amid many quaint ceremonies. The food was then distributed among the paupers of the camp, a group of the loathsome lepers from near the Rifle Butts, who had crawled to the ceremony, getting a fowl to themselves. These poor wretches, living horrors, appeared to enjoy their night out, but would have got little of the spirit food had it not been for Constable Thompson. The larrikins behaved shamefully during the earlier part of the night, and on one occasion took possession of the wood-stack and piled every log on the fire. Constable Thompson, summoned by fifty Chinese, drove them off, and the Chinese recovered their wood. Luckily, heavy rain drove most of the boys home before midnight, and the Celestials com pleted the sacrifice in peace. The Government invite:,tenders this morning for gooda- sheds, &c.;, at Portlands =■s There is some agilntipri being got up. in- Ballarat in favor of opening the perbE angling’season one month earlier than gazetted. As matters how’stand the close season does, notlexpire until-30th November, and a memorial is ribw ; being sighed, praying the Governor in Council to declare the season open ori' .lsf£ No vember. , r ; . ' " .TV;/ The committee of ‘the.Ballarat Courang Club’arei, we learn; likely to arrange the little difficnlty.in' the matter of' obtaining a, special-train to set down pas sengers near Mount Calendar, on the occasion l of the' Champion Coursing'Match. : The Government invite tenders this morning in otir advertising columns for 43,9 telegraph'poles.’' . -We ’have, received, a'copy of the prize-list of the Talbot, Evansford, Majorca, and Lextori Agricultural Society’s Spring Exhibition., ,; The new police-barracks in Ballarat. East will soon be ah accomplished thing, for the Chief Secretary has approved of tho.plans, and. tenders are called for the, work, ' The Town Council met on Friday evening, and 1 transacted a’large amount, of business, one of the principal item o being a - recommendation to the mayor to" make enquiries; .as to how the busi ness of the meetings-could bo expedited, after the manner of the City .Council.: A number of notices of.motion were given’referring to several important matters, among which were motions for numbering the bouses In the town - where there, was a.postal de livery,' and 7 of affixing the names 'of streets' at the corners."- A report of the 1 meeting appears elsewhere. A well-known character named Emma M’lntosh created a little excitement in Ballarat East on Friday evening by running after one Maria O’Keefe, hurling stones and brandishing a knife at her. Constable Reidy was, however, close at hand, and Mrs M;Intosh was promptly arrested, and lodged in the Eastern lock-up. She will be dealt with this morning. Some ■ of: our.. Stale scholars seeing that caning on the part , of assistant teachers has been done away with, have determined to supply the want by punish ing each other.‘ Quite a faction 'fight took place oh Friday near Laurie’s slaughter-yards, Golden Point, between the/scholars attending-the Golden. Point school and those taught at Mount Pleasant -. Stones and sticks were used, and the fray was going merrily on, when some of the teachers interfered and stopped the amusement before.anyone' was seriously hurt. ’ : A couple of “ladies” succeeded in making them-’ selves conspicuous if not attractive, on Friday evening,’ by patrolling Main and, Bridge streets, linked lovingly. arm in arm and puffing away-at large cigars. .7 The music of tbo carillons.was heard for ah hour or so on Friday night, to the gratification of all music lovers.- . , .. i On Thursday, 23rd instant, at the Courthouse hotel, Smytheadale, 'the brethren of the Prince *,of -Wales Masonic Lodge 434, 1.C., held their monthly meeting. After the routine- business of ithosvenirig was concluded the members sat down to a nice spread,; provided by host Rawlings. 1 The parting; greeting was warmly given to Er Chaplain,’the’‘Rev. Samuel Walker, who. Is > leaving the district to take pastoral icharge of the Learmonth; parish, and ’for whom a sentiment deeper than respect is felt by the brethren of the ora£t.d .A letter .was read from Mr Matthew Burnett, the Yorkshire Evangelist (now on a revival mission in the district), in . which he spoke of his “ practical experience of the incalculable blessings of Freemasonry, in his'.travels in Spain and Gibraltar.” ■A. most enjoyable evening was fitly’closed by a liberal donation to one of the “ mystio’tie,” whose lines have mbt lately fallen in pleasant places. . .‘ J : - i ; 1 It will be seen by advertisement in another column that a sale of bankrupt stock-will commence to-day at the'‘establishment' of Fitzgerald . Bros., Bridge ’street. 1 t ’ J : ' : A football match -was played; in the Royal Saxon paddock on Friday between, twenty picked from the colleges and twenty from the'schools./It resultediin’ an easy victory for .the-coUege.team,-who secured two goals (kicked by J. Janies and■ : F,. Swindells) to their opponents’ nil.' For the winners, A. Sberard, M. 'M‘Kenzie, i /‘ , J.’''tramegj :i M‘Docaldi and '-Fitzlierberts (two)J' played 1 1 well,: - while 7^'.fqr'vthe'v'losers; v'G. -Firicham, .Malcolm, : Mungovah,. arid, MlDonfia; did 1 good service; ■ -• k--,-'ii.iiV-' > ~„7 The Warrenheip folk .are..determined .’.id lose ho opportunity; of insistiog'/upou; the /branch -line to Gordon striking off at the “ Mount ”'station, and of converting that station into’ a depot for’ goods, arid produce consigned to Jffeibourne, ißallarat',. arid othsr centres. The -Buugarae people, too,-will have their, views to urge, iu the matter, holding,; as they do, that the line should pass.through the agricul tural district to the north and south of the North Melbourne, road. Monday's, meeting, will doubtless throw “some ■ light)' upon the - )question of Burigaree’9 claimsVto .consideration. At present there are 1 staunch - advocates for-.-.at least >hal£ ,a dozen routes ’ for, tliq, branch to : take, and if even half the different, interests are satisfied, the line- will be rather a zig-zag affair.; ]] , ’ The local board of health for-Ballarat Easkmet on - Friday night, the only business, being the appoint ment of Sergeant M’Parlaad as inspector.;of nuisances, &c.;, t; under the Health Acts. We are informed that- Mr‘Carter, of,,Spring Hill, picked r ripe • gooseberries from his buslies.on Friday morning,V a ’ date so early in the year; that we under take to say such- a' thing is almost uripree'edented, in this district at least..,, . - After themeetingof the Town Council- on'Friday night, Messrs C. Dyto, A. Gray.’arid 1 ji' ; Fa3Sßll;-three : of the trustees, of the ground; reserved in Ballarat East’for cemetery, members’of the. council to discuss the question of establishing a new cemetery, they being the only ■ gentlemen who re sponded'to an invitation made through the 'council by circular to a number of the leading ratepayers. . The discussion took the form of a conversation, arid after a few minutes it was agreed: that the trustees should call a , meeting . through their chairman, Mr Fussell; and make’arrangements to hold a corifereube with,, the ■’council at an early date. The :council' after wards resumed, and passed a resolution that a letter should be forwarded to the. trustees, asking them to meet the council and confer with it, the works com mittee being appointed the council’s representatives. Wo understand that the council has made a selection of a new site for the cemetery, which will be notified to the trustees. . , The Hpni Major • Smith has notified to the two councils that. he and the Hon. J. J. Casey, the com missioner for Victoria to the Paris Exhibition of 1878, will arrive in Ballarat pri the evening of the SOth irist, and has asked the two mayors to meet them-ori that i night far the purpose of arranging some plan for. ascertaining what steps Ballarat' is likely : to take towards being represented at. the exhibition. ■ As showing the value of some of the fat; land of Warrenheip, we’iriay inentiou that shortly' before: his ’ death the late;Mr John Sharkey, in course b£ con versation, . declared that, although the Government would pay fair compensation in the event of carrying the Gordon railway through his laud, yet he’ would; 1 if he could, refuse £5OOO, compensation and have his’ ;land left alone; ’ Captain, Hay ward’s Combination Troupe, advertised to appear. at the Mechanics’ Institute on Monday next, will not make : their appearance here, the oorii pariy haying accepted an offer of an advantageous en gagement at Sydney, ' ’ A deputation from the Lamer testimonial com mittee waited upon the Town Council on Friday, l to ?aak it to-vote a sum of money towards the fund, statf ing that £l5O had been raised by private, subscrip tions. The council unanimously, agreed, to pass £25 for,.the abov9-object. , A sum of £5O was passed on Friday by the Town Council for the’ purpose of giving a -testimcaial to ex-Mayor Long. . Crs Josephs arid Williams objected' to the item, and entered; their writteri proteats:against' it, the latter giving notice of motion for rescinding the resolution passing.the amount..; ~ c L The following raembera. of the Albion Football Club’ are requested- to ; muster., at the Saxbri paddock at 3 o’clock to-day, to'play the Creswiok - Football Club:—, Johnston (captain), Graham, Carr (2)j Armstrong "(2), Jenkins, jM'Gregor, Ballhauaeri, Morgan; (2), Miller*! Inoe,> O’Shanassy, -Walters, .Brown,: Dean, : Lyons 'Harvey, Aifcins; emergency—Richardson, Weaver' Emmett,-Axfo,rd, , :0 ;;, ' Orie.bf those nasty’ .oars that are in the "habit' of • running athoreea'- heels iu the .atreat ' tlieroauaa ,'lately of Mr Westwood, the city dog inspector, being nearly killed. The inspector was riding along Drum mond street when a dog ran out. from a houae.and_.bit his hone’s heels, which the anunal:sto pldnge. and throw his rider head foremost "oh-the road. Luckily, Mr Westwood Imd'ahard felt hat oh,..which i probably saved his skull from being fractured, for he escaped: without injury, - though the hat was driven right'-dowh '..over his.ieyes.’, ]. He quickly: discovered that the'dog;Whioh had caused the niisohief was . un registered, add summoned (he; owuerlto-the court on Friday, and had him fined osj”with,Ssxosta.'-, _ The prospectus of ; the ’ Ararat Agricultural Co operative Company, f b;bo registered under the Clauses Companies Statute, has been issued. Friday was a brilliahtly~finß''day,''but’ towards’evem' ing a atron;g'' : galei - afo3e,\and ;thebvery unseasonable weather showed signs of' breaking. - Shortly after 11 . o’clock if rained' heavily'for a little 'time; but strong' winds drove off the rain-clouds; 'and at midnight the sky was without a, cloud, and the full moon flooded .'everything with' The weatheF'again' broke/however, and as we write; at 2 aim,; it is rain ing heavily.- - •: - Aphimneyat theißuok’s Headhptel caught '.fire on! Friday evening,- and for nearly half-an-honr threw out showers of fiery'sparks like a-littleWesuvius. It war safely extinguished.. ■ i ■.V - , We-ffiave received;'the y Illustrated. Aiislralian News for August, eon taihing some finely executed engravings,' amongst them being tf Very fine cut of the new steamer, Lusitania,'.and “ Rounding. the Horn in July.” r . .. The. following tenders .were announced on Friday as being .the 'lowest;—Siipply of buildings; - &k; to; footbridge .'at;Ballarat West station, Messrs] Cocks,, Brown; and C0?,:i219l , 14s; fot; supply of iron pins and some ferrules, Phillip .Sevan; £470. . . -■' ■ A man Aimed RoberteWbodyat, employ ed at the. Egerton- mine; (met;-we hear, with a nasty, accident on Friday; morning.. He'was engaged in cleaning some machinery while;'in-motion, when one of his? hands was caught," and fhe'rfingers much injured.' Dr Andrews attended the aiifferef, but we did not hear that amputation of any joint ;or finger was necessary. Atelegram in the/ Herald, [dated says:—‘‘The poliaathafe -found.-a boat tied to a tree' on the banks of the river,'containing a swag and a lot of ;other 'articles; ' It is. surmised-.that the 'owner slipped into the Murray and was , drowned. A man named Thomas Byrnes, who was assisted by the . Prisoners’ Aid Society, left c here some three weeks • since in a boat to proceed'up the river; and it is sup posedlthat it is his fapat.whiohhas been'found.”. A. requisition- has (says the Bendigo Independent) been presented to'Dr Somerville,'asking him to offer up a special 'prayer for the” secular Press of Saud hurat.” 1 " ' The Talbot Leader of Friday writes:—" We regret to learn that a fatal accident at Inkermann has befallen a miner long resident at, and well-known in, Talbot,■ named Robert Teatz. The deceased was a native of ■Prussia; and was killedby a fall of earth ih hie quartz claim at the depth of 60 feet; He was found In a' standing position, with his .fight .leg broken in two places, and his back much bruised. . The shaft had been sunk many years,.and the clearing of the drive caused part of it to fall. ’ Teatz was a married man,' with a large family, residing at Cfaigie, which.place, he left-about eight days ago. ;• He was a member of: the Talbot Lodge M.U.LO.p.'F.,;ahd was much re - spected.” At the inquest] a; verdict of accidental death'was returned;’ — '-..-L;.' ; Friday’s Geelong Times says:—“ We are very glad to be able to report that Mr D. Guthrie, who we yester day reported had been attacked by < a fit of epilepsy, is to-day/much better, and ; hopes- aro entertained 'of ; his recovery.’.’ ... , ._■ . The M.A. Mail ol '-Friday writes;— 11 A slight flutter ,was ; observable on Thursday evening, at [ the railway station through ; thei unwonted spectacle of a statiomnaater on .the line .being in’ charge -of : a detec tive. It' seems 'something, wrong .had been' disco vered in the books at Avooa by the supervisor- sent up from tow_n,'and he was at once arrested, and on his , way to-town stayed oh the station for a few minutes.” - ■. The Argus states that a caucus of Government sup porters was held on Thursday afternoon, 23rd inst., to take the subject of payiaeat of inembersinto considera-; ,tioh. Forty members were present, and communications were received (from 14 others who were prevented from attending.. Thus it is calculated that 54 mem bers are pledged to the principle, , The caucus was addressed by Mr Berry, and an: animated discussion ensued as to payment by bill or by estimate; On this point no decision .. was arrived at, but finally a resolution was carred .affirming—first, that payment of members of the Legislative Assembly is necessary for the preservation of the' political.'rights- of the people of Victoria;.and, .secondly,, that the Ministry ■ be supported in any course they may take to place such payment ou a secure and permanent basis. The result is - to leave Ministers free .to .take whatever course they deem expedient; The .Chief Secretary was questioned- on the .-subject of payment of mem bers during the course of the debate on Thursday by Mr. Purves, and; he informed the boh. member that oa;this,-“.‘as on all important political issues, the Government were uhited as one man." : . Scarlet fovechas.'agaia: appeared in the Meredith .district., -a- It" has been broadly,..,alleged (says] the Argus)'. that-the:petition;;Shackell r v-Gillies-is a ; mere fishing | enquiry into the administration of the Lands Office under Mr Gillies. .(This-sview-ofcthecoasa was coo-' ' firmed ou .Thursday, 23rd inst.,, by an application made in ; Parliament' by Mr' Gaunsbh, that the evidence taken in the ease should be : printed from day to day,- on the express ground that the administration of the [Land Office was in question.' - Mr Lalor?' as chairman of-the Elections-and.-Qualifications. Committee, said that he was personally favorable to the request, .and : -lie promised to consult the- committee’on-the [subject. ... . " We (Argus) understand that? Mr L. L. Lewis has commenced an action against, the : proprietors .-of -. Punch for slander,. on account-of certain statements .contained'in a recent issue of ‘ that publication'.’ - Mr" Lewis has also taken..proceedings against .Mr Wilson, of Scott’s hotel,'oh the. ground that he has 'had a part in slanderi .r " ; . ~ . The potato field( at Mulheim on which the Ameri can Colorado beetle made ite Appearance'has been covered with petroleum.and tan bark and set on fife, the Government indemnifying the proprietor? At'their last', interview ' Lord Odo'Rossell informed.' Prince Bismarck that England would. under no condi tion whatever .suffer- Russian occupation.of Constants nbple. ?. - " The Telegraph states that the Government has de termined.-to make a; deliberate and immediate enquiry into the .condition;., and claims of life-sentenced .prisoners. The Minister- of ■'justice, has already pre pared, a. confidential minute *on the subject for the, information ‘ 6f;.the[. Chief, Secretary. “It is .expected ' and hoped (that a decision wilLshortly : be come to, for,. as Mr Berry pointed out'last night, all this outside; agitati6h].by some, means of other; in'spite of all pre-' cautions, reaches the prisoners it refers to."' This, of course, excites ' them, and makes them less amenable to discipline.' In the* interests; of the,men themselves, . therefore,, as] well? as - of the well-being of our penal establishments, it is necessary that further agitation, should be stopped'by a final decision of some kind; 1 ;; Friday’s Ararat Advertiser, says';—-“With all the'-- regretj which .is spigenerally. shared in’by. those of- the residents in and around Ararat who have’ become' acquainted with the sad; event? ?we have to announce the awfully suddden death of .Mr -Alexander -White,. the,shire engineer-lAs that.gentleman, was undressing forced at his usual hour, about,lo o’clock bn Wed nesday night, 22nd inst., he was suddenly seized with what appeared to bb an apoplectic fitj which rendered, him uuconscious at once, from which condition (he did ' not recover up to. his death, which took place just two hours after,wniris. Me..JVhite was..about his- ; usual business all day, and apparently in the best of health aud spirits. The deceased gentleman first came , to,-Ararat as; inspector'under the Public Works Department, for the erection of the Ararat’gaol,ln' 1360.” ' _ Bishop Thornton will preach' in St. Paul’s Church to-morrow, both ihofning and evening. Collections will be made, in,aid of St. Paul’s special fund for church and school restoration and repair. ' Archdeacon Potter has been relieved from hig duties ; at Christ-Church-Pro-Cathedral for a short time, to enable him tb recruit his health; which is somewhat impaired. The Rev. H. E. Morris, of All Saints', will officiate next Sunday morning, and tbs Rev. H, T. Cummins, of St. Paul’s, in the evening. * The'Rev. E. I. Watkih will preach, morning and \- St. Andrew?s Kifkfto-morfbw. ■i A Goncert will take place at St. John’s Presbyterian - Church on Tuesday next, at which sacred songs and solos w-ill be rendered'by'the Sunday-school children, ' the proceeds being in aid:o£ the school funds. ; Mr Levy, the reaojvQbd cornet, player, will perform for the last time inMallarat.bn.Mohday'and Tuesday evenings at the Academy o£ : / Music. He-will, be sup-.' ported ~by a new company,’including Signor Rosnati, Mrs ,',R?;S.'Smythe,' [Miss Wilkins, and Mr" Hafcoufc Lee, pianist. V . Ho TnavEntiEa or YoT/VGeb, of resident of .an um healthy- region, should be without a supply of Hdolfho WpLFEIS , ScUDEJDAH AnOMATIO SOHNAEFS. ’lt is the best'possible antidote, to ?, theoffeots' of any poisonous, element that may exist in the water or the air, a pfe ventive andpuro-of the sea sickness, a positive remedy l for indigestion; a'good restorative for the cduyalesoeht, an excellent.appetiser, an anodyne fog the sleepless? a gentle and harmless' diuretic, a constitutional invi gorant, a cheering cordial for the despondent, and the : only stimulant which oan'be s'afely introduced into the sick roomer .used for hospital purposes, - r. 