MR. G. A. SALA ON ANTI-RUSSIAN' PANICS. The bodies of sonic eight thousand English* men moulder peacefully in this (Scuturi) grave-yard. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely those politicians must be mainly young mciii or they mu9t have very short Crimean War as though they had happened yesterday, for then, as now, I was earning my daily bread by literature and journalism, nnd (he war brought me everyday fresh materials for my pen. I was within an aco in 1856, of going to Sebastopol, but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who are middle-aged, and whoso 'memories are g.-.orl, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fall of- tho Malakolt ? Do you remember the Ghost's Derby Day of 1855 ? Do you remember when, on the cii/I at Brighton and tho Marina at St. Leonard's, you could scarcely walk ton paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweet hearts, slain in that wretched Cher-, sonese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of tho Scutari Hospital ? Are we to have these years oE private agony and bereavement, of public blundering and mismanagement, over ugain ? I suppose so; glory is a very fino thing. I am only a ptkin, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory ; but I confess that my blood grows cold, and that my heart sickens when I hear politicians pertly prating about the 'arbitrament of the sword,' and. ' war clearing the atmosphere,' and so forth. I never met glory yet, and I don't know what he, or she, is like j but I have met war face to face half-a-ilozon times in as many countries. I havo looked into the whites, or rather the crimson of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the sisters who follow him wheresover ho goes. They are three sisters, and their names are ' Rapine,' and ' Disease,' and 'Death.' This is, of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of looking at war. I cannot help it. I have scon only war's madness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and 'profligacy, but famico and slaughter ; and I can but think t Hat it tlio warlike politisians wero to witness justhalf an-hour of actual warfare, as I have wit- ? nessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardour would cool down a little, and they would not bo quite so prompt to blow the bellicose, trumpets. 