LAYING THE MEMORIAL STONE OF ST. MATTHEW'S CHURCH. This eveht, which has been looked for ward to for' years, and become at last a sort of visionary hope, has at last been con summated. Saturday was the red-letter day for the members of the Church of England in Prahran, and to witness the cereinony of laying the memorial stone there could not have been less than 100 or 600 persons present. Among the clergy were the Bishop of Melbourne, Dean Macartney, Archdeacon Stretch, Canons Chase and Beacher. Dr. Bromby, Revs. G. H. Gregory, H. P. Kane, W. N. 3uinness, Pierce, B. S. Walker (the incum bent), and others. The usual introductory services being given, the iJeore:ary (Mr Black) read the scroll to be deposited in the stone, which was as follows: " Colony of Victoria. Town of Prahran. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.-Amen. The Memorial Stone of this Church, dedicated to the worship and service of the ever blessed Trinity, according to the rites and cere monies of the Church of England, and called the Church of St. Matthew, the Apostle, was laid on Saturday, the let day of September, 1877, by the Right Rev. Father in God James Moorhouse, D.D,. Bishop of Mel ,ourne, in the first year of the Episcopate and the fortieth of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, His Excellency Sir George Ferguson Bowen, G.C.M.G., being Governor of the Colony, the Rev. Barnabas Shaw Walker, In cumbent; trustees, the Hon T. T. A'Beckett, William Hartrntt. John Owen. and Rne. R S. Walker; Church Committee, Messrs. Black (Hon. Secretary), Martin, Owen, Payne, Rutherford, and Singleton (Hon. Treasurer). Messrs Terry and Oakden, architects; Mlesers Purves and Rankin, con trascors; William Harrison, Esq., clerk of the works; William Bowen, Esq., Mayor of the Town; John Craven, Esq., Town Clerk. God save the Queen." Besides the scroll, copies of the daily journals, and the "Prahbran Telegraph," with coins of the realm wore inserted in the cavity of the memorial stone, which was inscribed as tollows :-" Memorial Stone, -St. Matthew's Church, laid by the Bishop of Melbourne, September 1st, 1877." The Bishop of Melbourne baving declared the istone well and truly laid, said he was very glad to have the opportunity of being present on such an auspicious occasion, one which he was sure hod been looked forward to by the members of the congregation for a long time. St. Matthew's Church was the mother of many daughters, who had become more prosperous than herself. That reproach was now about to be removed. Their object was not so mach going into the richer portions of the suburbs as to build houses where souls were most numerous to be saved. Unlike parishes in the old country, there was but little destitution in Melbourne and suburbs; the people had the means, and he was glad to see so many possessed of real, earnest piety, determined to maintain God's institutions. From what:he had been told, and lie could believe his informants, most of the credit for bringing about the result of that day's proceedings was due to the un tiring zeal and energy of the incumbent, the Rev. B. S. Walker. He was sure that gentleman did not want much credit, but in making such a statement he trusted he would take it as an acknowledgment from the mouth of his bishop. Before closing his remarks be would remind them of the purpose for which the edifice was being erected. It was to be a Bethel, a house of God, where they could draw near to their Divine Master. In placing the stone there they placed the foot of the ladder leading to heaven, where the stumbling and the weary soul might find the way to the mercy seat. He prayed that this Bethel would be a house where many souls would be born again, where the young might be induced to devote themselves to God, and where their children's children would kneel in the places that had been hallowed by their fathers., Dean Macartney said he had attended many ceremonies.like the present, but had never felt more thankful than he did on the present occsion. He had witnessed, and sympathised with themrin, the many diffi culties that had been connected with the church'in that place. Hitherto, year after year, it was like the toll of Ezekiel, written with lamentation and woe. But it had pleased God to remove all the difficulties, and they now saw with pleasure the erection of a house of God, where when "Two or three were gathered together in My name, there will I be in the midst of them. Like the fleeting particles of sand that were con nected together in the magnificent mirror which reflected the face of man in the image of his maker, sc he hoped that they, as 'divided beings and strangers from different lands, would be united by the love and power of God. That they might be of one mind and one purpose, working together in the unity of the spirit and bond of concord, was his most earnest wish. The Hon. T. 1. A'Beckett said he' had bean connected with the diocese over twenty five years, and therefore he was presumed to know something about the troubles that had afflicted - that church . He. was not going to repeat them, but to say that-nothing gave him greater pleasure ibthan being present on that occasipio: When his ebtimable friend, the Rev. B. S. Walker, hatbeenin vited to become their:;pastor, bhe' coniutted with him on the' prospects of. the church. He told him plainly ihlbt the iere differ. ences, but his experience told hii 'that thdre was a great deal of strong 1hristian feeling existing among the congregalion-that thetgj were warm hearted and earnest men, - sirous'of aising a structure which would do credit to the Christian spirit of the peoplie He also told im he would find many dif. ferences nof jpinion as to the site of (he church, btt that by judicious management they kerd. iptiinsuperable. Mr Walker'ao cepte6 ithe harge of the church, and in a vryi short mto,. by. his earnestness and seal,i ?'cceeded inffechtig' a feeling of unity; of purposea,andipirit of oq-operation that had broeugiitn t opit thiir present Batisfacttry state ,He had habid experience as a lawyer with all" obrt~ f men, but b had aever come across a man more adapted to busiiness, tad with so clear a peception aus to what was required on every occasiona, s toe Rev. B. S. Walker. Indeed, if all his clients were like him, his occupation would be gone. He congratulated them most heartily oa their present prospects, and reiterated his high opinion of the zeal and energy which Mr Walker displayed in bringing about such a successfu Iresult. The preceedings then terminated. We subjoin a technical description of the building, which, when complete'l, will be one of the most handsome ecclesins tical buildings south of the Yarra, and will be a lasting ornament to the town. The materials for the bulk of the work are bluestone from Williamstown and Hrunswiok. For the more ornate portions Malmebury stone is to be used, and for the racery, strings, copings, corbels, and crosses Waurn Poins freestone :is to be adopted. The design for the church, pre pared by Messrs Terry and Oakd.n, the :rchitects, is technically known as. early eooratned or thirtaenth nantury Gothin The plan consists of a nave only, 90ft. by 45ft., the principal entrances being through a narthex 7ft. wide and 80ft. lone, this being an inner porch on a large scale. There are also side and tower porches, organ chambers, vestries, chancel, tower, and spire, which will be added. at same future time. The ventilation is spontaneous and ample, as the whole area underneath the floor of the church is to be concreted, and made like a pavement, and apertures for inlet and outlet of air are perforated through the solid masonery in the plinth of the building. The upoast for air escape is also provided for. The height of the floor above the" general ground line is 2ft. 6in., steps being provided at the entrance for access. The wall plate is 21ft. Bin. above the floor line, and the floor has a slight incline of about one foot upward from the chancel end. The height of the church to apex of roof is 59ft. 9in., but 10ft. of this will be taken off by the.horizontal ceiling. The total height of the portion now to be built is 63ft. to the top of the gable crosses. The roof will be an open one, and is chiefly constructed of wrought iron, filled in with wrought iron spandrel tracery, painted and gilded, this being the first attempt to substitute iron for the heavy timber roofs usually seen in episcopal and other churches. The contract has been let to Messrs Purves and Rankin, of Fitzroy, for £6150, and they have undertaken to have the church finished by neit Eastertide, but this is doubtful. The works appear to the unskilled eye unusually solid, and the whole business is in the hands of Mr W. Harrison, who is carrying out the building for the arbhitects and church trustees as clerk of works. 