NEWS OF THE DAY. Mails containing letters, etc, for despatch by the San' Francisco mail, will be forwarded from Melbourno on Monday, 2nd April. The mail will close as under : — Lettcis at 5.30 n.m. s newspapers and packets at 4.30 p.m. Letters, ' etc., addressed to the Continent tf Europe, will be forwarded via Ban .Francisco and the United Kingdom, if so endorsed, aud bearing the amounts 'given' in the table of rotes, Postal Guide pages 23 to 28. Mr Hanna announced at bis last meeting that lie waB totally opposed to payment of members, aud. would. " stonewall " tho measure if reintroduce 1. Is Hanna also amongst the prophets? ' There appears to exist a feeling of un certainty amongst lieeueed victuallers as to whether the new Publicans Act prohibits tbem opening their bouses on Good Friday. For the inlormntiou of the trade, we have made 'enquiries in the proper quarter, and have ascertained . that the new statute does not make any .mention of Good Friday, and, indeed, only applies to the closing of hotels on t-undays. Tho police huvo no intention of interfering with publicans keeping open on Good Ftiday. The dedication of tho tombstone in memory of the late Alfred Anderson, R. A M,, will take place to-morrow (Sundav, at throe o'clock p.m., at the General Cemetery. An appropriate epitaph is kindly written by his friend, Garnet Walch, Esq , and ap cars on the above in admiration of his great musical genius. The Rev. Mr, JefferiB, L.L.B., late of Adelaide, and now on his way to takecharue of the Pi t street church, Sydney, has kindly arranged to preach in the Temperance Hall for the Collins street ohnrch to- morrow evening at seven o'clock. In tho Snpreme Court, to-day, a condi tional rule wbb granted for a nonsuit or new trial in 'Williamson v Langley, Mr Ellis, managing clerk of the respon dent's proctor in the divorce suit of White v White, appeared before His Honor the Chief Justice in chambers this morning, and obs jested to Mr White's record being filed, as a settlement had been arrived ab last eveniag between Mr and Mrs White. Mr Ellis pro duced an affidavit to that effect made by Mrs White, who also signified her consent to tho proceed ings being discontinued. Mr Lawes, who appeared for the petitioner, produced a prior affidavit by Mrs White, affirming her inten tion to defend the suit and sustain recrimin atory charges against the petitioner, Mr Lawes expressed his ignorance of any arrangement between tbo petitioner and respondent having been arrived at, and the proctor instructing him was not present Under theso circumstances, his Honor adjourned the matter till Wednesday next, A number of the ratepayers of Richmond attended at the Foresters' Hall, Swan streot, lsst evening, to hesar Mr Biesiiel dilate on municipal matters. Tho speaker commenced without a chairman, and made a number of charges against the council and one ot the officers of tho town, After ho had finished speaking, the Mayor (Mr Winter) was called on to tako tho chair, and having done so, stated that it was a pity for a large and influential meet ing, like the present one, to break up with out inquiry into Mr Biessel's griev ances. Ho then proceeded to deal with the various charges made, and also answered a nnmber of questions put by ratepayers on almost every conceivable subject connected with the affairs of the town, Councillor Weaver also defended the action of the council. A motion, that the explanation of the Mayor is satisfactory, and that Mr Bicssel bo called upon to withdraw his charge, was car ried almost unanimonBly, only a few hauds being held up for the amendment, that Mr BiesEel's address is satisfactory, A number of those present attended under the impres sion that the meeting was to be a political one, and bb the meeting commenced without a chairman, and in an irregular manner, it wns at times very stormy. After a cordial vote of thanks to tho Mayor, the meeting separated. It appears (writes tho Maryborough Advertiscr)that a short railroad has already been constructed in California for tilt purpose of putting to a practical tCBt the principle of a "single truck or prisnioidal 'railway." As this new system of railway making has been fairly tried, and fonud to answer splendidly in the United States; some little description of it, and of the result of the test to which it has been put, may bo interesting-hcrc. The railroad which has been finished in the United States on the new principle forms part of the Sonoma Valley Prismoidal railway of Oalifornia, and its construction differs from that of ordinary railways, in that it consists of bnt a single lino of rails " laid upon a prism of wood built of bevullad boards, 27 inches wide at tho base, and 15 inches high. The car iB supported by two wheels, with independent revolving fiangOB. Recently, a trial trip was made on tho newly constructed "single truck railway" in Sonoma Valley, and a San Francisco journal describes in the following terms tbe satisfac tory results of it: — "Tho party took their places on seats ranged on eaeh side of the cars, tho passengers being faco to face, Tho first impression suggested was that which ordinarily fills the bosom of the novice who makes his maiden effort to ride the uncertain bicycle, A certain assnranco that the whole thing wonld topple over at tho first move ment was the general belief of the un initiated, Bnt the engineer sonnded tho whiBtlo, tho people gavo their tremulous cheers, and the train moved off smoothly, and soon the pace was considerably aug mented, Wonderful to relate the os cillation was scarcely perceptible, and the locomotive and oars rode tho Binglo rail as firmly as the trains on the broadest of English solidly-con structed broad gsnges. The faster tho train proceeded, the smaller in number and extent became tbe lateral oscillations, boautifally and practically exemplifying the groat principle of tbe wholo prismoidal system, tbat the greater the speed the less the liability to oeoillate, a prlnoiple dearly demonstrated by' the gyroscope and veloci pede, To those making their first trip on the new railrond, tho enso and comfort of thin medo of travelling suggested itself mo3t strikingly." With regard to tho cost of the " prismoidal railway," it is stated that tho construction of the three and a half miles already finished in tho United States, cost only about -15C0 dollars per mile, or about one half the cost, of n narrow gauge railway through ordinarily difficult country ; and it is also to be noted that the one rail system is specially adapted to mountainous country, whore numerous gradeo and curves are necessary, and whete the cost of an ordinary railioad wonld bo enormous. In our advertising columns, Mr J. W. Thompson announces that he will seek tho suffrages of the electors of Footsoray. At the Emerald Hill Court this tnorn. 'ing a Welshman named John Dutton complained against his wife Mary for "violently and maliciously threatening to open him like a mackerel," and supported his case by swearing that defendant had thrown a stone and broken the window of his dwel ling, and Darrowly escaped 'breaking his head. In cross-examination by Mr Fisher, ho admitted that bo had been marriod 16 years, that daring tbe last seven of them, ho had been nway from his wife and children in America, and that ho had pnshed defendant, who foil, -but had not been Btrnek by him (the complainant). GeorgiDa Dutton, a daughter of this quar relling couple, wns called for tho defence, and stated that her father knocked her mother down and kicked her in the faco, the mark of which on defendant's faco, she said, was caused by tho kick. The pre siding magistrate, in dismissing the case with costs, said that, in tbe opinion of tho bench, it was the com plainant and not the defendant who onght to bo bound over to keep the pence. A deliberate attempt at suicide wns made yesterday afternoon (states tho Bendigo Advertiser), by a Mrs Martin, wife of a farmer, who resided about ten miles from Eaglehawk on the Swan Hill road, by drain ing off tho contents of n bottle of laudanum. Sho became rapidly unconscious, and Dr. Cheyne was sent for. On that gontleman's arrival prompt remedies were at once ad ministered, and she became conscious and is progressing favorably . Tho Bendigo Advertiser writes: — A man named William Morrison, who stated that be was ah engineer from Taradaio, and had come to Sandhurst to manage the Garibaldi claim, went to stay at Martin's Globe Hotel, Mitchell street, three days since, Ho had a few drinks in -tho morning. He did not leave . his room during the day, but took a. walk in tho evening, and during his absence Mr Martin found so.vernl empty ehlorodyne bottles under tho bed. Yesterday Morrison stayed in bed all day, took no food, seemed very weak, and was put sitting on a chair cbtside the door, when Mr Martin's daughter Bnw him Bwnllow the contents of another cbloro'dync bottle, and as he seemed to become partially insensible, tbe police wore sent for, and on Constables Lawrence and Glnvin pro ceeding to the spot, found bim as described. On real citing him sevcu empty bottles of a like kind were found in his pockets: One ot these wns taken to Mr J. K. Smith's dis pensary, whose assistant stated that if the msn had swallowed the contents tho dose would hnvo been fatal. Ho was at once removed to tho hospital, where Dr Hinchcliff administered an ometic, but could detect no signs ef ehlorodyne or any other poison in the contents of his stomach ; but the man wns found to be perfectly insane, and ha was at once placed in the lunatic ward, and will most probably be brought before the bench to-day. He hnB a' wife and family at Tarada'e. A novel cricket matoh will take place oa Good Friday, (writes the BaliaratConrier). The players will be employees In one of the Government departments, and the dis tinguishing featuro of this game will be that those who part their hair in the middle will play those who part theirs at tho side. The people of Queensland are beginning to ask (says the Echo) whether it is likely that the numerous Chinese population in tho north ef that oelony will move towards the south j and, in the event of such a migration, what will be the probable issue of a closer contact of the two races: The leading gold; field of Queensland, both in regard to its yield of metal and tho extent of its popul ation, is tbe Palmer. According to the Warden's report for 1876, the yield was, in round numbers, 200,000 oz. Of this total, 15,000 oz. are estimated as the product of tho reefs, which arc ontirely worked by Europeans, and 185,000 ez. remain as the result of alluvial workings, which belong almost exclusively to the Chinese. At the end of tho year tho Warden compatcs that tbe European population numbered 150O, while the Chinese population numbered 11,000. These figures show an immense preponderance of the yellow element ; and it sbonld be added that, while the European population is stadily decreasing, the Chinese population is even more rapidly increasing. The Warden judges that during 1876 the furmer decreased to the extent of 1000, and the latter increased to the extent of 3500. But while the total of the population is advsnciug tho total of tbe gold yield is receding. Compared with 1875, there was a decline in 1876 of noteless than 50,400 oz. Anybody with tho most cursory acquaintance with the allnvial gold-fields will see that tbiB decline will almost certainly continue. Shallow workings must soon be exhausted. When Europeans have left a gold-field because it will not pay them to remain any longer, it is easy to see that 11,000 Chinese ennnot stay very long, Sup pose, then, that no other allnvial ground is fonnd in tho vicinity of the Palmer, what will this huge mass ef Chinese immi grants do? The Bodgkinson is a reefing field, and the Chinese have never taken to reefing in Australia, There are small patches of alluvial workings in the north of Queensland, but not enough to givo per manent employment to so large a boiy of men. What, then, will they do ? They muBt either go back to China, or travel south: nnd tbo possibility of the latter alternative being acted upon is a serious question for Queensland. Is it not a serious question for Australia? If tho Chinese would try to muko some permanent agri cultural settlement in the far north of this continent, they might eventunlly become a valuable acquisition ; but tbis course they Betm disinclined to follow. The Times of India states that at Trnvaa- core n sect has sprung up calling itself " The Six Years People," under the leadership of a pseudo-prophet, Justus Joseph by name, whose mother was a siger in a Hindu temple, nnd a woman of a hysterical temperament. In England er America she would probably have been a professional medium, He has got together about G00 followers; but ho takes care to admit no prueclytcs but Buck as are in good circumBtuuces, upon whom ho levies a heavy tax. The low caste peoplo aro not oven provided with " free seats," but must Btand outside the church! They aro not to be admitted until Justus Joseph receives a special " revelation." About cighteon priests have joined him, and these ho has re- ordained as ho pretends to have ob tained "the' direct inspiration of the Holy Ghost," According to tho Times of India, Justus Joseph "goes about with his mother, brothers, nnd nn excitod crowd, beating a dram and preaching as ho walks, with wild cries and groans, hysterical move ments, and fierce beatings of the breast, 1 We have seen,' said one of the missionaries 1 almost tho whole of a Syrian congregation actually shaking— one might say danoing — under tho tcmblo exoitomont.' Thoy go in formal procession to church, singing and ringing a bell, nnd after wandering round it three times they enter, At tho four corners of tbe table, known as tbo throne of God, stand tho 1 four living creatures,' and round these tho ' four and twenty oldors,' First the new disciples aro ' sealed' by one known as tho 'ABS-propbet,' but before this they are passed through the ' strut gate,' formal by the armf of two persons. Then the whole congregation begin dancing aud jumping wildly in a oirole to the tuno of Tamil lyrics, crying 1 ChrlBt will come:' It is then In this fervla frenzy that they give full vent to their feelings in & crowded and lengthy service in the heated atmosphere of an ... church. It is then that their essentia of detailed open confession before the whU .teK&rrcsruSr;"!1' to taking it to Europe. Tho panorama V'ltt w\nSiLizTl that U wi"' no bouses to aAjraUoaMThamMo is variod, and consists of aonS sTl" qnartottcB, negro eccentricities, e'te whole.conoluding with a mirth-prova!.- !9 farce, To-night there is an entire S 8 of programme, with the addition to comf any of Lnnce Lenton, tho n„ ? Specialist. «uioh A Living Statue will be given at n Academy of Music to-night for tbo t ! time! Jealousy, in which Sirmor Z> Bignora Majeroui have been so ' night. Wi" be « 5SS5 Tho Princess Theatre promises to V open for a long time, owing to the B»S of the variety company at chean n-uT Tho Do Glorians and Lo Lo are stft' starB. 1 1110 Tho Hartford Sunday Globe (US) thi discourses on Yanderbilt, the late millionm",. —'There were 100,000 hungry poor in »£ streets of the city when he' 1 sick nS death. Everyone wns contribnting what h could to succour and relieve tbo needv u could have given a dollar overy timQ heart beat. Ho wns over eighty. Ho sm nothing, while his wealth amounted to oil lions. Such men ns he seem to resa I eternity ns a bond with n gold- bearing inte rest, and life as merely n coupon." I„bao like this, where a successful business man goes through a long life and leaves behind him no record of one disinterested action nnd is known to have lived and sohemed far nothing but his own miserable purposes it looks excusable in the interests of the living lo relax the old proverb about saying uothing but good of the dead." Our American CoubIu has been so success- ful ns tbe Opera House that it is to bo koot on. The great interest in the present version is centred in Lord Dundreary, and Mr Sothern deserves great credit for his ability in keeping the audience so interested all the time tbat ht is on the stage. Lucia di Lnmmcrmoor wns presented si tbe Theatre Royal la9t night, and proved a great surprise. Signora Vita, who has hereto fore not mudo a noted success, scored a vie lory iu the title role not only by her beautiful singing, but by her excellent acting. .Signer Palndiui, as Edgardo, was very good j hat Signor Orlondiui, who undertook the arduous role of Arturo, wan rather shaky in voice. The representation, on the whole was however very fine. To-night Norma will be produced, when his Excellency and Lady Bowen will honor tho company with their presence. Owing to a inisloko, tho wrong parcel ot Heritd, was scut to Sandridgo last nlnht, hence thoshortneei of tho supply was not tho fault of tho agent. Wo Intro received from Messrs Faster and Mutii two photographs of Mdltc. Eugenie Legrand in ttu two drosses which sho wore in .Les Danichclt. Til-r are beautiful specimens of tho photographic art. An announcement ill our advertising column in timates that the Richmond Town Council has entered into a contract for tbe cleansing of coss-;iite, Mm and closets. 