Religious. Evangelistic Services. THE Rev, Dr. Somerville, Whose recent ministrations in the southern colonies have been attended with so large a measure of success, conducted his first services in Brisbane on Wed- nesdsy. Tha rev. gentleman is of venerable aspeot, tad hi* voice, though doubtless not so strong m ii onoa mi, it still comparatively clear and ringing. His addresses are characterised by the utmoat simplicity and earnestness, and it is only in passages of more than ordinary import' anoe, or such a« afford unusual opportunity for the display of eloquence, that the rev. doctor exhibits his powers of ihetorio; but his word* painting is both vivid and attractive in the anecdotes with which he illustrates the subject to which he may be directing attention. At each of the services there were present a number of the leading ministers of the various Protestant denominations, and the whole of the proceedings were entirely free from any attempt to create undue excitement in the minds of those present. The muaiqal portion of the services consisted in the singing of a number of Sankey's hymns, Mr. W. F. Bomer ville presiding at the American organ. The choirs of the various churches in the city have contributed a number of singers who act as a choir to the services, but their connection with one another and with their leader (Mr. Somer ville) has not been of sufficient duration to make this part of the service so attractive as it will probably become in the course of a few even* ings. Noohday Pbatxb Manna. The first prayer meeting in connection with these services was held at the Town Hall, com* mendng at noon, and dosing shortly after one o'clock. The proceedings were opened by singing Sankey's hymn, "Sweet Hour of Prayer," after whiok the Rev. E. Griffith led the devotions of those present, for a short time. Dr. Somerville then stated that at this stage it was usual to read over the private requests for the prayers of the meeting on behalf of specific objects, and several which had pre viously been handed in wereacbordingly read over. A prayer offered by the Rev. Mr. Ogg was fol lowed by a second hymn, after which Dr. Somer ville gave an address, which occupied about twenty minutes. In the oourse of his remarks, and as forming the basis of them, he read several passages from the Gospels, and from the Acts of the Apostles, in which occur the words, "Be of good cheer." He exhorted all Christians to take thete words to themselves and pass them on to their friends, predicting that by so doing they would give the world to see that Christianity is oot so gloomy a thing as some suppose ; but that Christians pesseas a joy which others never ex perience. After another hymn, the rev. doctor made some announcement* regarding the principles upon which the noonday prayer meet ing is conducted. A telegraphic message of en couragement and sympathy was agreed to be sent to the noonday prayer meeting at Sydney. The meeting was subsequently dosed with the daxology and benediction^ There was a very | fair attendance, the sitting aooommodation of the ' large room of the Town Hall being comfortably 'filled. ' Address at thi Exhibition Builddto. About 700 persons attended the exhibition building, to listen to Dr. Somerville's first even* ing address in Brisbane. The platform had been plaoed near the western door of the building, and seats arranged for the accommodation of a- large number of people in front, and to the right and left of the platform. Punctually at half-past seven o'clock, a hymn was sung, and the Rer- Mr. Williams engaged in prayer. The X*v r E. Griffith then read a portion of Scripture, beginning at the second chapter of the Epistle to the Ephesians. The Hers. 'Messrs. Griffith, Kingsford, M'CuUoeh, and Ogg were also present. . : v Dr., Sombrvoui took as, his text the words "God ii love," occurring in the Bth and 10th ▼ersea of the first epistle of St. John. His opening words were :—"ln the beautiful house of many mansions which God has set up for the residence of His people on the earth—l mean the Holy Scriptures—there are hung on the wall two exquuito portraits of the Master of the building. These two portraits go by th« name of the Law of God and the Gospel of Christ. Now, what is the sum of the Law of God T W« all know that it is love. And what is the sum of the Gospel 6f Christ! Is it not, 'God so loved the world V Whether you look at the law or at the gospel, it is love that is presented to the eye. The time that evening would not per mjt of entering with fullness upon such a theme as the great love of God. He proposed simply to go to the Scriptures and to direct attention to some of the aspects in which the love of God is there set forth. The first of these aspects was that of pity. Now, pity was love contemplating for its object the wretched and forlorn, the miserable and undone. He pro ceeded to illustrate from numerous passages and incidents in Scripture the nature of this, as also of the other aspects of love subsequently referred to* The second aspect of Divine love was com passion, which is akin to pity ; but with this diffeuenoe, that while; pity regards the wretched, compassion is love entertaining an intention to deliver. He next noticed the aspect of grace, or love contemplating those who have no claim to its favor, bestowing benefits on those who do hot deserve it Another aspect of: Divine fare was that of forbearance and long-sufjfering. This *at a .wonderful aspect. It differed from all the other aspeots in this, that it had regard to those who hare persisted in their rebellion, and who with stubborn heart have resisted the Almighty. The long-mffering of. God waited in the days of Noah. Hpw long did It wait! Until the whole Church of God on earth, was reduced to a single family. It watted in the day* of the ancient chosen people. How long did it wait ? Until they, had rejected the Father, crucified the Son,, ana done despite to the Holy Ghost The long suffering of God was indeed wonderful;•' TheraV. gentleman then took up another aspect, that of rssdin—s to forgive. , It might b* thought thk was almost the same, as meroy, but the. difference was that while mercy was Divine love regarding the sinner as one condemned under the law; readiness >to forgive was 'love yearning like a father to receive fcaok the wring child. It was this: that was, exhibited in the story of the Prodigal Son. Then there was the. aspect of condescending kindness, that was love having regard to the insignificant arid the poor, to those' who batsno helper. These was also the aspect of bonntifillness as shown in the feeding of the children of Lvael in the desert and in Christ feeding the multitudes on the shores of Galilee. He also referred to th* aspect of complacency, qriDivwe love retarding those who ara like God himself. Enumerating again the various aspects with which he had dealt, he said it was still one love, the same love udder many aspects. He instituted a dose comparison between Divine love with its. nuiasroas aspects and the mighty rives flowing between the United States and British America^ ; which on its joojrpey from its source to the doean is known by many names but is stall the •am* riter. At wnfoh of the windings of that mighty river of love were, those before bio* now. standing ? Then was no person present but might say, " There is on* spot at least that is suited to me, where I may to-night draW the waters of joy, even the waters of salvation." Ho one need say that the love of God was so boundless as nob to be grasped and received, for all that mighty love was compre hended in Christ who was brought nigh unto us in the Gospel He warned his hearers against supposing that bemuse the love of God is infinite he will not fot.any be lost Jesus had Sud, "No man cometh unto the Father but by Me," and we had no right to object that'he had not provided other ways in which we might come to Him. All must come by the one way. After an earnest appeal to those present that they would avail themselves of the offers held 00% to them, he spoke, in conclusion, of th« ability and willingness of Christ to save all who oome to him, exhorting his hearers to avail' themselves of the opportunities extended to them. The meeting was dosed with the singing of * hymn and prayer. Tsc offertories at St. John* Church last Sunday are to be deroted to the relief of sufferer* by the Indian famine. In consequence of a death in the family of the Rev. J. Button, that gentleman did not officiate, his place being ■upphed by the BeT. T. Jones in the morning, and the Rev. R. Creyke in the evening. The offertories amounted to £17 14a. 3d. Nkels Pitxb Johmbov, of Ipswich, watchmaker, was on Wednesday adjudged insolvent upon his own petition. The first meeting of creditors in the estate was fixed for October 23, the usual statement of liabilities, 4c., to be filed by the 21st. J. Clarke Wylie, surveyor, was also adjudged insolvent, upon the petition of Messrs. A. Shaw and Co., the order being granted sub ject to the filing of a further affidavit showing that certain provisons of the Insolvency Act had been complied with. The first meeting of creditors was fixed for the 29th instant; state ment, 26th. 