Parliamentary Paraphrases. ? ^ — . — Tukrf.av's proceedings opened with the UBtial ' Shorter Catachism ' business. When the usual quantity of orthodox questions had been propounded, Mr. Walsh, in a heterodox manner (especially for an ex High Priest of the Parliamentary mysteries) wanted to kuow, without notice, when Mr. Dickson was going to produco his Estimates. M r. Dick son proving affable, and answering the ques tion, without a murmur, Mr. Palmer's natural timidity was overcome to the extent that that gcutleman interjected a similar inquiry about the Financial Statement. Mr. Dickson again evincing the utmost meekness aud do cility, Mr. Walsh prepared for sport and launched another bolt, by demanding infor mation as to when the Government were going to give an outline of their railway neheine. Tho wounded worm will turn with some de gree of fierceness upon its assailant. The placable Treasurer only intimated in a calm manner that Mr. Walsh might as well return to orthodoxy and give the usual notice. The baffled tormentor disappeared, with a strong smell of sulphur. Mr. Bailey, who appears to be iu the pay of ilussia, elicited for the information of that power, that our means of defence were confined to about 1000 Volun teers with 8 guns and 1000 Snider rifles. This, (appended to th» previous statements 'lat: tuore is iiouc but blasting pQwdev and no balls for tbe cannon, qnd, no ammunition for the riflcB would uoeroely Operate as a de terrent to any enemy. Mr. Miles seems to have felt this, for he appended to his answer to Bailey a formidable hint. Tho above are, be remarked, ijaclusivn of lite cadet force I Let the foe read and tor- oinblel Our Colonial Secretary gives without oonoern the num bers of tho mere volunteers. But at the baok of this be affords just a hint of the ex istence of a terrible and mighty reserve, respecting whose numbers, equipment, and effioienoy he preserves a dangerous and me nacingsilenoe. To those behind the sceneB perhaps this portion of his reply may bear the significance that to his account of our defensivo forces 'infants in arms are not admitted.' The Russian Bailey was not content- Ab Agent he tried to got at the secret another way, and moved fora return of all amounts expended from first to last in organising our nrmy. Perhaps it is not Russian gold, but blood, that Bailey is thirsting for. It may bo martial enthusiasm blended with con founded fooliihness, which promotes him to get these awkward State affairs which ought to be secrets in time of war or expectation of war. We may yet see him grandly waving a scalpel and leading on battalions of monthly nurses to repel the invader. Per haps a good way to deal with the proud foo would be to recommend Bailey to them as a medical mau duly authorised by the Queens land Board. They might bo induced to camp at tho Quarantine station where we send our immigrants to gut well. Manage that, and give them Bailey gratis as a medical adviser, and it might never become necessary to call out the cadet force. The Railway ltcservcs Bill debate resumed wan the great feature of the evening, and was renewed liy Mr. licor, who, havingbeen about two years in the colony, is ready at any mo nii-nt to put everybody right on any subject. England is a much greater place than Queens land, and it follows of course that a man who comes from England is a much greater man than a mere Qucenslander. Mr. Beor accordingly straightened up everybody, and provrd among other things that until there ai-e good macadamised roads everywhere railways are absurdities. Mr. Perkins did not concur, and actually ventured to characterise the great Beor, who thinks no small bcor of Iiim8«lf— as holding ' contracted' vie«-8, and so they arc, views contracted in England. How about Mr. Boor's seat ? Could not he be expelled as 'a contractor' of the Government ideas? Mr. Perkins made some references to the Brisbane aud Ipswich railway, and vainly suggested that the father of the scheme for bringing that line to North Brisbane should stand up and acknowledge his folly instead of drawing gloomy pictures of railway con struction in tho future. The parental in dividual appealed to did not respond with tbe alacrity which Mr. Perkins seemed to expect. In fact, he did not respond at all. Sir. Perkins therefore proceeded with his discourse, and was derisive about patriots who condemned the Government ' because they had not handcu ffed capitalists in Sydney and Melbourne aud brought them up here to buy land.' Some people eeem incapable of going outside their own experiences. Be cause they were handcuffed and brought into the colony whether they liked it or not, they fancy everybody else can be introduced in the same manner. Mr. Perkins altogether scouted this theory. He bad confidence in the discretion of tho Minister for Lands, be lieved lie would be guided by the lessons of recent experiment, and while he would try in committee to pare his nails as to discre tionary powers he would vote for the Bill. After Mr. Morgan hsd expressed liis in ability to make out where the views pro. pou/ided in the Bpccchcs from cither side of the House differed, and Mr. O'Sullivan had backed him up by agreeing with and disagree ing from Mr. Perkins in two consecutive sentences. Mr. Garriek made an excellent speech against the bill, arraying all the most telling arguments agaiust it in a highly logical sequence, and then delighted every one who had the capacity to comphrehend him by stating that for these reasons — or in spite of them — he would vote for the Bill. Mr. Garrick succeeded in the difficult task of pleasing both sides. The Opposition cheered his speech, aud the Government supporters appreciated his conclusion. After Mr. Stephcusou had put in a strenuous appeal for the cormorant — 1 beg pardon the opiiremml squatter, and had up braided Mr. Douglas for his 'iniquitous, out rageous' proceeding in giving notice of re sumptions before the land was absolutely re quired, Mr. J. Scott enjoyed a short lamenta tion after the manner of Jeremiah, and Mr. Walsh mingled woe and wrath. Mr. Buza cott then took up the running, and proved, to the entire satisfaction of hi* own side of the House and some others, that everything was all wrong, financially, common- sensically, and every other ally. Never was a measure so mauled, if we except some other measure every session of every Parliament that ever met. Mr. Macrossan followed with a speech, which (being interpreted) signified that it was fuch a horribly bid bill that he would not vote against it. This slid, he vanished, and bis plane knew him no more till tbe division was over and the ruin of his country accomplished. Twenty-four executioners took part in tbis deed, the resisting forces mustering only 18 ?' Weak in numbers, but strong in principle' was the motto of their chief. Proud Cumberland (J. Douglas) trampled, insulting the slain, immediately after this Parliamentary Culloden. He proposed the committal of the bill far to-morrow. Mr. Walsh, wounded as he was, spurned the triumphant foe, and with his last gasp wanted to kuow— once more— when the railway scheme was to be propounded. Tlie Douglas-dropping the ' proud Cum bcrland business- dincooiw! in a vague way, but Mr. Palmer domanded a straight reply. The House had voted in tho dark as to where the railways were to be made. The inoon might be the terminus proposed, and Jules Verne resident engineer for all any body knew. The, Premier shed a few bitter tears over Mr. Palmer's exhibition, and grieved that he couldn't take things in a proper spirit, but Mr. Ivory showed no spark of seusibility, aud gave Mr. Douglas just as much cause for regrets as the lamented Palmer. Mr. Holy arose in great wrath and indignation aud poured ail assortment of vials upon the heads of the Ministry, who were robbing the men who had spent their thousands, and offering to others miserable miserable eighty acres (so that the poor squatter, driven from his lease hold, hadn't a ghost of a chance te got a bte freehold-) S Mr, Bailey, who appears to bo making running for the patriotic business vacated by anotUei'.uml to have discovered that the great secret of gaining influence is to support Min isters steadily and loyally so long as they re quire no assistance, and whenever they ap pear in a liola, to feel a sudden uneasiness as to which is the proper course to pursue, and way to vote. Nothing eives a member bo much influeuco as tbis. 1 have known one to build up quite a formidablo reputation on nothing else Mr. M 'II wraith cried a truce, and coun selled his own side to look their defeat in the face, and Mr. Buzaoott washed his hands of the business henceforth. The bill was then full*? committed, and it appears likely that it will have tD stand its trial , The lrjtwtaoy Bill was the next amuse ment. Mr, Griffith explained that it was in no Quzn Jjadra spirit that he bad hid the true purport of tho Bill under a misleading title. The debate did not get so far as to the primo-geuiture clause, and so far as it went the lawyers hod it pretty well theirown way, few lay mombers appearing to relish debat ing what should be done with their effects after their lamented decease, Mr. Palmer took an active part in the debate, which is somewhat surprising, as he will never die intestate. Every child knows that Mr. Palmer has never been without a will «f his own* _ .' L 4 r. k '4 