THE OBSTRUCTION IN PARLIA MENT- It is not very satisfactory to those who are firm believers in South Australian progress to find that in consequence of certain abstrac tiveness on *he part of Sir Henry Ayers the business of the country is not only being postponed, but likely to be retarded for some time. On Tuesday the Legislative Council met as usual, with a number of members quite prepared to give their best attention to important matters, when the Hon. W. Mor gan asked the Chief Secretary if he had pre pared his defence relative to the late Parlia ment House erection muddle. The reply1 in reference thereto was simply that ' he had no statement whatever to make to the House.' In consequence of these remarks it was found impossible for the Council' to proceed with- the trasiness, and the House was there fore on the motion of Mr. Morgan adjourned until Tuesday next, at which time we sup pose, unless the Chief Secretary is in the humor to explain his conduct and intentions, a further postponement ia likely to take place. It must be very evident that if such a state of things continues, or becomes common, all our respect for parliamentary institutions,. an-i a belief in the infallibility and exalted character of the South Australian Legislature will speedily vanish. We have long hell this body of representatives to be Sans peur sans reproche, and have oft when witnessing attacks made on them, refrained from, endors ing such opinions* Now,, however, we do think it right to be outspoken, for time is being needlessly wasted, important matters are waiting, and the end. of the session will arrive with but half of its work completed t or with but half the programme it started-, with touched on. Scenes of a disgraceful kind are too comv moH in other Houses of Parliame'nfc to evoke surprise, and of late even in the House of Commons, a place m which one would litfclf imagine rowdyism to exist, it has grown rampant; but here ia South Australia up to the present there has- been nothing enacted to call- for strong comments from the press. We fear, however, judging by the evidence before us, that there is a possibility of a coalition occurring shortly which will not be very creditable to parties concerned, and which is likely, will cause- public business- to be considerably retarded. There are in all Parliaments obstructionists of the worst kind who gire birth to a great deal of bifalutin talk without the ghost of an iaea in ic. xc remains to be seen whether Sir Henry Ayers is- to be classed with these, and if so, the sooner his resignation occurs the. better; not only for those members- who are waiting to go on with the business, but for the country generally. By our exchanges this morning we per ceive that a private meeting, of- the members of the,Assembly took place on Wednesday io consider the disagreement between the« Chief Secretary, and the Legislative- Council,*, and to prevent— r-if possible — a collision be tween the two Houses^ of Parliament. There was a good attendance, and considerable dis cussion on the matter; it being considered by the majority that under the circumstances the Chief Secretary should resign. He, however, as yet has given no intimation that he will do so, and with zeal worthy a better cause stands up for what he considers his rights and privileges^ A week hence the crisis will be reached, and we shall then learn what the intentions of the Council are. Jumping of the Tjet Again Mme. — We hear that a party of diggers have ' jumped' the Try Again Mine in the Humbug Scrub. This mine, which is situated, between the-' Lady Alice and Hatalyn Mines, was lately sold to the latter Company for the sum of £430. We are given to understand that the Hamlyn proprietors have not complied with the clause relative to the working of the gold lease ;. and although the ' jumpers ' have taken possession of the mine, the machinery erected thereon will still: belong to the Hamlyn Company. Gawler Post-Office. — An alteration has been made in the Post-0 nice this week, which we think, is anything but an improvement. Previously the letters were delivered within a few minutes of theis arrival. The private window with the numbers could formerly be observed from the footpath. This has been removed to a more obscure part of the building-, and those who have private boxes are put to greater inconvenience and dis advantage* We have heard several express themselves dissatisfied with the present ar rangement, and wish the so-called impsove ment had been left alone. Demand for Bricks.- On Monday morning last no less tnan 23,300' bricks were delivered by Messrs Weaver & Bright from their brickyards between 3 and 11 a.m., and several teams had to go away empty. We understand, also, the demand at Messrs. Busbridge's and Bright's yard in Gawler this week has been nearly as large. A great many of the bricks are despatched by the train, and should the tramway be made to Willaston it is believed they will be in a position to supply Adelaide and other towns on the same terms as the Hindmarsh- brick' makers. Wibe-eopb Walking. — On Monday after noon last nearly- 1,000 people assembled in Murray-street to witness the feat of crossing the street on a wire rope stretched from Mr. J. Mitchell's store to one of Mr. Pile's new shops by a young man from Kapunda named Roach, who successfully performed the task. The rope was about 20 feet high, and while upon it he walked forwards and backwards several times, sat, knelt, and lay on his back, and finally reached the opposite side of the street. The performer dtd these feats with apparent ease. A band from Kapunda was in attendance, whieh dispensed appropriate EQU8i'c on the occasion. While the performer was going through his evolutions the hat was sent rouud the crowd, and between £4 and £5 were collected. We understand there are some youths in Gawler who can outdo this performance oh comiaon fencing wire. The rope used bj Bosch was about tiro inches in circumference. „ Rainfai.1. at Bt/chsfeldb. — Mr. P. bis Winckel, J.P.. kindly furnishes tke following register of rainfall at Buchsfelde: — July, Iggf — 0 670 inches on 6 days (driest}) ; July. 1876—1550 inches on 11 day-*; July, 1859— 0 750 inches on 8 days; July 1862—5,400 inches on 21 days (wettest). It will be seen by the above that the oDth of July this year was the driest w have had sinee 1839 Estbbtainmbnt. — We notice with plea sure that the Crawler Young Men's Christian Association are about to gire another enter tainment in aid of their Benevolent Fund. It is to take place in the Institute Hall on Wednesday, August 22nd. We wish them great success in t-eir undertaking, as the object for which they are working ^ is chari table. According to advertisement in another column full particulars will appear in our next issue. Meat and Venison. — Crowds of people were attracted to Air. tL- K. .Bright s shop last Saturday to witness his great show of meat, which was really good. The windows were neatly dressed with evergreens, flowers, oranges, miniature flags, See., which had a very pretty effect in showing off the prime joints and tastefully-decorated mutton. Babbits and hares were also in abundance. A photograph of the shop was taken by Cap tain Sweet, which makes a capital picture. During this week three deer from Mr. Joseph Gilbert's park, and shot by our crack rifleman Mr. F. F. Turner, were also exhibited at the same shop, and caused some curiosity by those who had never seen deer before, as they are very scarce in the colony. The New Council Chamber. — A special meeting of the Council was held last evening. All the members were present with the ex ception of Councillor Sanderson. The fol lowing resolution was carried unanimously — ' That pursuant to Clause 181 of the Muni cipal Corporations Act 1861, this Council borrow the sum of £3',000 for the p*rpose of building a Town Hall, and tbat the amount be raised by bonds payable in twenty years, to be issued for sums of £10, £20, £50, £100, or tne wiioie, bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum, and that a meeting of the ratepayers be called to approve of the samp.' We observe the meeting is called for Tuesday evening next, and we trust the ratepayers will confirm the resolution, so that Gawler may boast of a building belong ing to themselves worthy of the town. Vital. Statistics. — The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Barossa during the month ended Tuesday, the 31st July, are as follow : — Births — Males 13, females 14 ; deaths — male 1, temale 1. Total births 27, deaths 2 ; excess of births 25. From the fiegistrar-General's ' report we see that the- number of births and deaths registered during the quarter ended 30th June, 1877, in the districts below men tioned are as follow : — Barossa r Births — Males- 52, females 38, total 90-; deaths — males 12, females 11, total 23; excess of births, 67. Crawford : Births— Males 3, females 4, total 7 ; deaths — males % female . 1, total 3 ; excess of births, 4. Port Gawler : Births— Males 27, females 17, tolal 44 ; deaths — males 4, females % total 7 ; excess of births, 37. Augaston : Births-— Males 34, females 28i total 6^; deaths — males 10, females 19; total 2-9; excess of births, 33. Kapunda : Births — Males 32, females 47, total *7O'. JaO^Ii. ? *nAlska Id fAaHiilAn 1£ ^hIu.1 Ol - excess of births, 48. Gilbert : Births — Males 58, females 72, total 130; deaths — males 17, females 14, total 31 ; excess of births, 99. Burra : Births— Males 23, females 33, total 56 ; deaths — malss 19, females 13, total 32; excess of births, 24. Clare: Births — Males 90, females 85, total 175- ; deaths — males 33, females 28, total 61 ; excess of births, 114. Upper Wakefield : Births— Males 8, female 13, total 21; deaths — males 6, females 4, total 10 ; excess of births, 11. 