CQQHT VICTOR. . ; flB» Jtra.cs Jisisf.- Count 'Vktor Beasdetok do Demi was snuU aonofagonUemAnwho figured favorably vattto antobi«gTaphy of the old Inches o! OrlecM, BMthtr otthe Segent in the minority of Iiouc^Crt. Tnonjh sho befoafod without senipla tbomeOA' tMtef tha leading men of nor o'w& day, wm cnarins hor own gnlnd-danshter. or hor own «k die ahray* speaks with bigk respect .ef OtaMr Bawklot, Skint 8imon- too, althongh he to^fiw at hnn&n; nature too generally on its wronff'ai^ has always a good word for Baodelot ; and .who* in 1793 the war between RAjAlate and Repablt cans brok» out iuL» Vendoo, tbe Bo Bawiel^ who 'was (hen bead of hia boutft, took up axma,lQ tub (he exeesaM eC the Revelutica. Bte , fonght as all his noble comrades fought, with heatl and hand. He was thfe friend of Cathelincau, -lef cure, L& Roohej&quelin;, and the tost of their - gallant company, Bb went into battle with UghtOnartol gtaco, «ated nothing for diseowage* s - ttetttaor danger^ and hn gay gpirits w*ro alway* g&y;«!^!kft^r-*6^»f, to MonJM be had eeAsedto heat tto gn-ijjA tuaJt oaUrita of tha field d bftUlo. s , . ? ' \- Whit -wur *u em s» ferocious *a Uw atwgtfe ;*ia la Teadeo t ' Bail h»w a» design. o£ dwelling «&U;, OUwra hare painted it Joo oftea ; '6ow» ' SrWi their brashes dippedia glowing hues, others in darker colon. All I hvn to do ia to toll 70a \ha story of Count Bandelet, who one day ws Otapriaed in a;£»rm«hoa»,- together with* do Hqhment of kwelre Royalists,' by * body of Blaea, 4s tha Bepublieans tom 'nicknamed iaL» Yendeo. 5^e Qounk called out to his few men : *\ 'Betiro. iamediatelj ! Tha Earm-hoosa is ?boat to' be surrounded. Fly! Carry off the women tad children. I will stay and dsfead the Sfoor; -loan' held out tea minutes. Thow are boOoftham ! Tier will murder otery one they Capture, Farewell, my gsdlaat lada. Da not ferget me. it is my tura to dia to day— it will Ibayoora fawacrrow J' fi Iu these days of glorious heroism and aulf ' d&vo;*k-a, cobe&y; vnis surprised at any insUwco of BeH- sacriS«?. Dramatic heroism, common enough 'fcjaong Fresduaen in other wara, had no oaa to Admire ii, no one to record it, to be aarprisai at it ^n IM3 vrarof exisrminaiioa and despair. It was po tima or placa for any Qaixolic exhibition of 'coaragd 01 devotion. Self-sacriScea wera re- -'gardadas taere things of course, a ad Baade!ot*3 twelve eoldieis immediately obeyed dim. -f.?Ch8 Count remained bihind after thoy left imikingall possible noises, haranguing, dispat« eg, citing orders, rattling hia gun against tha ? Boor and clinking its locks. Efe made row enough -far a whole regiment at onca, and thosa Blues -Tfan cautiaas Lri their approaches. Bat after tl while hia Toice began to fait, an3, jadging that =)& men 'must by thai time bo siis, the careles3 greachrcaii : cared no longer to command an SJJWginiry company ; and, leaving off hia orders Aad exhortations, barricaded the oak -door and -Vaited farther action. For Hsoiao minutes tho Sosr resisted the fresh- assaults of the enemy. Shen it began to yield. The Blues fixed through tl»e chinks into the chamber. ; ?'''..' i Goant YicSor was cot Wounded; wl, as he had , been surprised when half through breakfast, he Jit down to the table to finish hia bread and cheese, savins to himself, with every bite, 'It i3~ pij last mouthful.' : .. . .-'?? ? ,„-, * At length the strong door yisldei : the B!ac3 'burst into the apartment. ; it '? took :30ms little ;timetopa*h -hajk ^hs. obstructions and to sea clearijr.vra^jprasAhatJ&roueh; thoBmoke of their \- ''oratplIeyE. They dretrf their aworda, and, aa ?tSie**dimnsss cleared agay, 'glared eagerly around to sec -what bad become of 'that largo body af &oop3; who had resisted iheifontranca for h&lf; an fcpv-* ~~ -' . -. - ? : - t 'Imagine ineir ^prgrisa. Instead of finding the 'Owners of all tSsso Tbices, they $avr only ono tyoung and handsome man, tali, calm, and with a ' tnsrxj ttrinkla in bis eyes, eating a slice of black loaf and washing it down with tho weak wine of the country. . - ^^STho soldiers of the Republic paused in a3 ttoEkhmeat. This piose gare Victor Baudelot time to tosa off the last drop and 3«rallflir tho lfist moathfa). „, 'Your good health, gentleme - tie cried, lifting the vine glass to his lips. ' 1 1 (garrison ~5s much obliged to you for your k jt&oasidor-; 'fctton.' . f As he spoke he ross and vent up to the com pander. , 'M*s*ienr/' said, he, eM aia a!one in this hooae. Yon can shoot me beht-&4 iais shrubbery .'WO Bee out yonder.' \- ' 'Ha passed, and to his great surprise, was not jihot a. moment after. It may hare been because his eapton were reoraite sew to Vendeean war ^Iftre. It may hare beea becauw they wore inter .ested by his handsome face, his gallant bearing and ha cool indiFerencc BLiyba they felt ?ashamed of shooting iu cold blood a man who had defended himself- against three hundred of them, £ They tied bis hands behiad his back, and, tinder astrict'goard, sent him to & country house '^ear Nantes, which once bad been a nobleman's ' passion. The master of tho house was in com dnasSottheTery Blues who had jnst seised and , ^ boosd Mm, A Breton and a gentleman (although 'he was a B&rolclbnary; Esoublican), ho iyld fluag himself beaxt and soul into tho cause of liberty at the onteet of the Revolution. Ha was Tone [of those nobles who in one night;- that night (-which has been called both the night of sacrifices ' and. the night ofiosapity, stripped tbameelTM of their fortunes, of their pririleges, of their armor ted bearings, of their rery names, forgetting what Was dnete their tncsiton and their desceadauto, -to the past and to the future, and paid so dearly itor their imprudent enthusiasm daring the re mainder of their Hres. ~ 1 They are all now dead. Some died' tbo yictima »r that morement they too rashly tcrred ; some ' lived to see how little good their sacrifices accom ??'?? pliahed. . .? ; - ?? ?' ?. ,? -'? - - ? ': ; - v; ?. ? ; ??. : I Count Victor /-ras' imprisoned in the donjon tower of the mansion ; in other words tbe dove Jote ef the conqueror's establiahment. Tho Tpigeons who bad dwelt there in tho days of peace Trere now replaced from time to time by. captured chouaas— cJtouan (tbepatofonnaie tor owl or biti «£nigbli, being the,title giren fco the Boyaluts .by the Bepublicaua. The dore-coto still retained iSts peaked roof of white elate and iU tall I weathercock, nor had it been thought necessary jto put iron bars into tha narrow lofty opentDg» -through which the doves once went and came, little indeed had been added to the fa mi tare of -the place for the accommodation of the new kind 'Of birds who vtm too often caged there— nothing but some straw upon (be pftrement, on which Count Victor stretched himself in default of any (Chair. t #He smiled at the idea of being abut up in a ^pigeon house. IE he could free bis bands, ha j thought, and get bold of a guitar, 'what a pretty \ Lltle ballad be might make oat of the situation I As be was thinking over his ballad and wishing for a^aitar, he heard the sound of a violin and bagpipes. These lively instruments were plkying a gay march. Count Victor started up from where be lay ana; by shoving all the straw up to the wall, managed, in spite of his bound hands, .to climb up to ono of the openings and to look 4-elow him. He looked dpvrn on a merry fete, ^There wad a long procession of young men' and /Wr women, all .in waito; preceded by tho jenusic of the village The procession moved lot Slowly, tbdngh the air pUyed was gay. As it ?pissed under the pigeon house (or, ft you will, iiut dfiDjon- keej) of the fortress) a young girl looked up anxiously, Sho was fair, fibewM elo gant, she looked sad and palo. Qoont Victor ;«aw»,t once she knew it contained a prisoner, aad YS*th6y VM&i; on, he whistled tho air of King ' JUchard in his captivity : ? I . 'Dan* uni toure tibteurf \--For he wa* & young man skilled jn ballads &» well *JTat anas, u good at & guitar as a sword ibrust, a fearless rider, a gay dancer; in short, % bme youog nobleman of the old school, ?pecjroens of whom we may utill «ee among Wtcpca octogenarians, bat tbe race is do longer Raised under the changed social conditions of the present fay. I The wedding party pawd out of. hia sight, It J.WM not exactly amarmge procession, however, *L'XM OV11J »«b«tn»thiM. Count Victor broke dff his melody. He heard a noiiie at the door of /?hi* apartment. Amanentored bfaprisoo. . . » ''* «*?-*? ** ^*tcr ef tb» nuuutoa-A Maraaur * * under the late Oapofc, now only Oapt Hamelm. He was a Slue, but for Ml that an honest, kindly gontleman. Ab early as, tho meeting of tho States Qenoral ho had boon fired with enthusiasm tot tho/Ropublio. To her liishcwt, his hopeo, his Word and\aou30'\v6ra, oivea : but ho could not become mean or eraol at hor bidding. That very morning ho had boon informed that a party of Chouans had passed tho night at ono of I113 tarms. Ho sot out nt onoo at iho head of a de tachment, pultiug off tlio ceremony of his be trothal until tho afternoon. Wo uavo ccen how he captured Count Victor. That duty acooui pUshed and his prisoner secured, ho cvino back with all speed to his postponed betrothal. Capt. Hamolin was nos so utterly given over to Republicanism as to have forgotten tho ob ligations of hospitality accordiog to tho Breton code. Ho, therefore, thought it his duty to pay a visit to his prisoner, choosing tho timo hia wed ding RU03t3 vrcra assombling for Bupper._ ' What can I do to sprro you, monsioar ? ho said politely to Connt Victor. 'liordof Ihiscastlo,' said tho CaplAiD, with a bow, 'pkaso togivo uao tho uso of ono of my hands. ' Both hands shall bo sot at liberty, Jlonsieur,' repbed ELiaiclin, 'provided you promiso to mako no attempt te got away. Only before you promise, it is proper you should know that you will ba sent off under a guard to NantC3 at fcix o'clock to-morrow morning.' 'And at eight o'cUckl shall be shot,' said Baudelot. \- The Republican officer mado no reply. 'Well, Monsieur,' said Baudelot, 'antes3 1 am rescued by any of our men, I promiso, on toy word of honor as* a Christian and a goatleman, that I will stay hero, quist as a pigoon with it3 wing cat, if you releaso my hands.' Capt. Hamskn could not help smiling at the 3T-oropriato simile. He untied his prisoner. 'And, now,' eaid Baudelot, stretching his arms oat as he spoko, 'now, monsieur, I am sincerely indebted to you for your .kindness, and it will not bo my fault if iriy gratitudo doss not extend boyond to-morrow morning.' ' If you have any last busineEa to transact, a will to mako, or loiters to. write, I wUl send you writing materials,' eaid Hamelin with emotion. Ha was a Breton born. Republican or no Re publican. ? BaudeloS; perceived ho felt for him, arid took hia hand. 'Ko matter,' . said ho. 'Your mention of my will has paincd:mo m6ro'thad' your intimation that I must die at Nant33 to morrow morning. It makc3 mo realiso that thosa I loved are dead. ' I havo no ono left on earth to whom I caro to leave my name; or. sword, and nothing more. It uiuBt bo very funny, though, to write a will — to bsgonerous to same at tlio expense of others— to picture to yourself who will smilo and who will mourn whon that document ia opsned aftsr your death. Don't you think 30, Captain?' 'I will send you something to oat,' said Hamolin. ' It is tho day of my betrothal, and wo have better cheer than usual. My bride shall send your sapper.' Count Victor perceived on tho ledgo oE one of the high. alit3 which did duty, a3: windows in his dim apartment a daisy growing from a seed dropped by a pigeoa. He leaped up and plucked it. ? . ' Captain,' he said, giving it to Hamalin, ' it is tho custom' in our part of tho country for every guest to make a wedding present to tho bride. Bs so good as to present your betrothed from mo this littlo flowdr. And now . I must no longer kerip you from her eido. Thank you for your humanity. Farowclli God bles3 yon.- Send mo somo . eupper, for I am weary and hungry. Good night, ? Food. was. soon brought to the young officer. The maid who came it wail; on him (a profcty Breton peasant girl, with wbito teeth, rod lips, and great compassion in ,b^r eyes) paid every attention to the captive. I'sho urged him to eat of tho best dishes, aud to drink of the choice wines. Tho supper was luxurious. It seomod as if old time3 had oomo.back to tho dovecote, when a poor caged bird was fed from tho crumb3 of the master's table. As sho wa3 pouring oat a clas3 of champagne for him the Count asked hor her name. 'Marie,' said girl. ' The same camo as ruy couein,' said tho young man, 'And bow old arc yoa, Mario?' 'Seventeen,' she replied. 'The same age,' be said, ' as my poor coasin.' And as ho spoke ho folt bis whole heart atirrod at tho remombianca of that beautiful young girl, who bad fallen by tho hand of tho executioner. He would not for tho r/orld have given way to hia emotion before tho littlo maid, whose own eyes shone with teara ready to fall ; eo, not being able to command bis voico, ho held out his glass to her. The glass waB f uU, Champagno wan sparkling in it to tho brim, and on its glittering foam fell a last ray of uunshino. Rwier, cau you realise that champagne foamed, and npnnR and summer camo and wont, during tho Resign of Terror! ..... Perceiving his mi3lake, Count Victor said to Mans: 'Have you no glasa to pledge mo in, kind |[&rie;? Tlii* lively Bparkling wino novcr ap proves of being drunk alone by any rima. It likes gaiety and t&cicly.; It is the blood of tbat fraternity about 'which, Mario, you have beard so mnch, and concerain/j wbich thoso who ueo the word tho oftcnest, know co very littlo. I pray you put your lips to my glassj or I ahall not caro to drink another drop of it boforo I die.' 80 saying be put op Iiia glass to ^MariVa lips. She bent down toward it. I'ut his last won], ' die,' moved hor soft heart so fctrongly that her tears began to fall into the wino. 'Your good health, Marie!'' exclaimed BauJelot, emptying tho glaiia, wbich w&s; watered by !-cr tears. At that moment tlioy beard music— a born, a violin and hautboy— playing a gay dancing tune. - -1 ??--': ' . '.'What's that?' said tup young officer, pultinjj down hia wino glasa and passing ai onco from strong emotion to a' laugh, 'Ma foi! «It muut be a ball I' ? ' - ' «? Alas I' eaul Marie. ' Yes, it is a ball. My mintress did not want to dance to-night, but tho captain and ber father mid it must go on. Sho will be very unhappy all the time,' .'Oh, Varie f saiJ Coont Victor, 'if voa aro as kind as I tbink yon are. do something for me ! Ran— fly ! Tell your mistress that Count Victor B&adelot; do Darvaf asks perroUiioh to pay his respects to her. but ran and find tho Captain. Tell him that bis prisoner wi{I nave ft dreary vigil hereto-night; that bo will not bo able to sleep for the noiw of muric and dancing ; tb&ttbo; nfBht will be long and cold ; thit It w«uld be a charity to keep a poor young fellowfrora thinking doom y thoaghtaon his last night in this worfdT Tell him no has my word of nonortbat I will make no effort to escape, Toll him all that, ? Marler eny anything else you may think of. in my favor. Speak load enoagh to be beard by your young mistress, and I doubt not, my Marie; she will be good te mo, 'i'hon, if he is willing to invite me to hi* b»U# send mo lib vitlet, auk him to bring me a clean shirt and some hair powder, I dare say the Republic bai left a. little hair powder -ome«rnere ia the cbatoan, Ask bim to bring me one of his master's coat*, and bte the Captain to send mo my own ?wora.Tonly lor' ornament ; I promise not to draw it out of its scabbard. Run, Marie— ran I And Me if 'you can obtain, all tui« for me !' . . - - ? ' Vetr tbotU* tdUt the bad left, the Talet d« chambra of Capt. Hauielin inado his apponranco in theptgeon-houso. ?' ? , ' r This valot was a good old sorvahfc of tho old regimot groatly attaehod lo hair powder, old customs and Iho aristocracy. Siuco Iho Republic, eamo in he had lost a good deal of importauco. True, ho had boon appointed ono of tho Municipal Council at Naintcs, but hi» high functions woro notnoac bo (satisfactory as tho loug privalo intor viow3 ho had boon accustomod to on joy with uoblo personages whon ho as3istod in drossiug or un dressing them, Tho only groat tnau in the30 latter times whom ho hold in much ro3i-f-cfc was M. do Robsspiorro, bocanso ho was tfio only man in powor in tho Prcnch Republic who darod to wear hair powder, rulllod ohiits, and flapped naisfccoat3 with embroidery. Ho brought tho prisoner a oomplota court suit that Capt. Hauioiiu had had mado whilo ho was a Marquis, to e° to Court in, whilo royalty had yet a Court, aud tho Court a King and Quoon. It was a very elegant ombroidorod Buit. Tho shirt was something exquisito, tho silk stockings very fine. Nothing had been forgotton, not ovon scents and osaonco3, ouch 03 wero uaod by Marquises in former times. Tho Count gavo up lib head into tho hands of the old valot, who droasod it with tlio greatost cara and satisfaction, minglod, however, with many a deep sigh. Tho Count was young and handsome-, but ho had not worn court dress for a good whilo. When ho found hiuisolf all ready, curled, powdered, lib beard trimmed, I113 oyos brightened by good eating aud champagne, !io could not resist smiling with inuocont self ^tbfaction and a fjloasant remonabrauco of aonsa tions produced in former day3 at balls at tho Grand Opera, ? . * His sword was givon. him aa bo stepped out of prison, with a reminder that ho had promised it should not bo drawn. It was dark when he crossed Iho garden. As sembled at tho ball woro all the prettiest Ro publican ladies of tho province. But ovory one knows that, however advanced a woman may bo in politics, sho always remains aristocrat enough to tako an interest in a bravo, gay, elegant young officer, especially whoa sho knows beyond a doubt ho is to bo shot in tho morning. The ball had already begun, Tlio bride waa Mademoiselle Do Mailly, grand nieco of that sweet Do Mailly so beloved by Madamo do Mainteuon. She had no heart for tho betrothal or its gaistie3 while scenos of danger, desolation and death occupied her mind. Her eilenco and depression infected her companions. There never was bo dismal a festivity in Brittany. Everything wont wrong. There wa3 no animation in tho danco, no gaiety among tho dancora. Thoro was only a vague feeling among all tho guests tbat they wished they wore at homo. All of a sudden the tall doors of the great hall wero opened elowly. Tho oye3 of tho uneasy guests turned towards that door. It would hardly bavo astonished them to 000 a ghost, instead of which there ontarod a court nobloman, smiling, bandsomo, beautifully dressed, an. officer and a gentleman. He woro court dress, his air was of the court, hia manners those of tho Royalist time3. The bluest of the Blues among tho guests wero interested and oxcitod at beholding go un expectedly, in tho midst of their Republican festivity, a rolic of that high society which, in 1789, perished in a night ; whoso representative (under afintonce o£ death) came, faithful to tho last to his vocation of truo gentleman, to shiao in and contributo to tho amusement of others. Tho entrance of Baudolot, which it has tikon a wholoparagraphtorolato, only, occapiod a moment. Aa soon as ho wai in tho ball-room ho thought of nothing but the ball. Without formal introduc tion — for introductions aro not . necessary in Franco— he asked the fairest lady who was present to dance with him. It was tho brido— fchatswoot, young, anxious girl who had lookod up at his window from tho procession. Sho accepted him for her partner without hesitation, Sho would gladly havo givon him any plcasuro at hor com mand, for sho; well know that death stood at her side, and that his bony fingor almost touched hor ahouldor. When tho men preissnt saw Baudelot leading out his partnor to tho dance thoy grow dabamod of their own want of animation. They too sought partners. Tho wotnoa wero all oagor to danco on tho eatno floor with Baudolot, so that i;ooa (thanks to tho victim of thoir politics) tho ball began to grow extremely lively. Both men and womon wero nervously wound up. ^Baudolot was not behind tho rest in carelos? gaiety. Ho was tho only guest among them all enjoying himself naturally. Hin was tho only smilo that wao not forced; bis tho ono etep that was not constrained. Tho others danced under tlio influonco of fcorriblo excitement. Thoy woro all greatly moved at tho Eight of their young victim. JJaudelot was king of tho feast— far more so than tho bridegroom. Ho was moro in ovcry body's thoughts than ovon tho fair bride. His bri'le tho nest morning was lo bo tho ncaffold. The ball wont on. Tho mirth and fun grow fast and furious. Baudolot was tho lifo of it all. He oven charmed tho men who played tho munic by teaching them' new aira. Ho took an instru ment and played bimsolf the lost uow aarabando composed by Lully. Aa tho nay danco went on Baudelot forgot how fast tho nifjfit waa passing, but Iho womou know it well, 'i'liay couid not forgot, too. Thoy fjuuddored as they lookod at him. Thoy began to imagine how bo would soon look an ho lay doa'l, I'or ancient honor waa bo strong in Franco that every appearance of Baudolot at this ball waa a guaraatoi that ho would lako advantage of no opportunity to escapo thai might ho offered him. Ilia word wnt olronger than »n iron chain. Both' Baudolot and Humolin appreciated oach other, Haraelin know that ho could j;ivo Baudolot thin indulgence without prejudicn to tho duty that ho owed to tho Committee of Pub lic Bafoty. Baudelot know that llaraoliu wan pledged to koop hia wcrd. Bo, reader, imagino if you will, how many ton dor Klanoeii tuA aoft HmilcM v/oro ahoworcl upon Baudclot, IIov/ many centlo Ijoaoms hoaved fiifjho for tho handsomo victim. Ho crew excitod hy liiu (lituation. Nuvor had ho full himnulf no lialtlo t-) fall »» lovfl bfiforo, Wlion for tho third time ho led out tho Ijiido ho fait hor noft Iifinil ircmblo in bis own. IIU tromlled too, Ho turned and /;azO'l u^oa her f;vco. He found her t-&to; ns rn,ar bio, ' What U it, Klflanor V he naid. ' Wh\i in it, dcarciit IwJy ? Havo pity on your parkier. Do not trouble bo.' Turning toward U10 window* of tho ball-room, whore tho curtainn hun/j half p^d ?'y tho cur rent of ftir, t/iftdo l-y tho dancora, oho polntod toward tho Crtit crtty fttrcak of dawu iu iho horizon, and toid : ' It ia rnoruine.' 'Truo!' oxplairaod Baaaolpfr, 'bufc what mattcro? Morning 1— aft or the happiest night of my Ufa I I havo aeon you, kuotrn you, lovou you I I am dyjriK and may daro to «»y .1 lovo yog j tlio dying novor lie. Farewell, nvreot lilcanor— fare- well I B» happVi and ftooopt tho bloasing of ft cbouan,' ' ' * ' It wai iho custom ia Brittany for ft senticm&a; At the end of tbe tat country dance to ki«s liU partner on the fordhonl. Ia obodicnoo to tli»t caitom lj»ade!ot preised hi* lipi upon . ibe broir of Ble-nor, Blio. ftlmott fain tod «« he did 10, MoiiaiUDg fain) to»lt down by her side Bbowld la *i'°' Mstea i1 1 bftre been thinking ; you otatt eio&p;»; r-tUt«n J Tt!i0 oftrriige U jbefng lurnewed to.tftkeyofl.to Nftntos, Ob, tUitool-, , In two Looiw^n will, be shot),; Biowe I Oli I cw»po wWl« Voa ''fltt.' « flesewart. iwlll go with yotf 1 as £.« as tlio first convent No 0 rib ?an thon. say^ you woro nctualbd' by; fear ; to iovbtis always; honorftblo.' .? . ??;*??. ???'??. . : Sho flpoko in a. low voice. Sho did not once look up ? sho oven fcriod to amilo ,13 if she wero talking tho gay nonsense. proper to a ball. Baudolot hardly hoard her words, but hia hoart boat with a happinoss he dad novor beforo known. 'Howllqvo hor! How I lovo her !' cried his heart. But hia lips Baid — ' You will seo it is impossible, Eleanor. Oh ! if I woro froe, no othor man should bo your husband. . I would bravo everything to call you wife. But I cau novei1 bo your husbaud. I no longor belong ovon to tnysolf. Farewell, oweet angel ! If you lovo mo givo in.0 back tho littlo daisy I eont you from my prison. Givo it mo, Eleanor. That littlo bud which has boon fastened in youv dress shall givo mo comfort in my' dying hour.' Eloanor turned a3 pale as death, Thoro was a Bolouin silonoo in tho room. Tho music stopped. Daylight streamed into tho apartment. All of a ciuddon thoro was heard without a noiso of oteol and horsemen. At this sound, which camo in the diroction of Nantes, tho womon present, by a common impulao, threw themselves before Count Baudolot. But it was Baudelot'a own Eoldiors como to dolivor tboir officer. Thoy poured *into tho house, thoy filled tho garden, they criad ' Baudelot ! Baudolot !' They were infinitely astoniahod to find their youug chief, whom they expected to find fast bound in prison, surrounded by women in ball ' dressos, dressed himself as they had never bofore seen him. Tho first question the Count asked was — ' Have you been to tho dovecote ?' 'Yes,' said ono of them; 'and when we found you wore not thoro we made short work of tho dovecote. It' will shelter no ruoro birds— chouans or pigeons.' ' If it be bo,' said Baudelot drawing his sword, ' I am ' reloased from my parolo by res cue. Thank you, my comrades.' Then he took off his hat. ? ? ? ? ' Lady,' be said in Im sweet voico, ' receive tho humble thauks of your late captive.' After that ho askod for a carriage. ' There is one at the door, Captaiu,' said ono of his chouana. ' It win to havo takou you to Nante3, wo were told by tho master of the man sion.' Baudeiot turned and aaw Hamelin tied by the samo ropes that had boforo confined him. 'Captain Hamelin,' ho said instantly, 'one good turn deserves auother; 'only instead of untying tho ropes lot me cut them that they may nover bo used again to bind a prisoner.' Thon seeing that Eleanor, who had almost fainted, was recovering, ho continued — 'Captain Hamolin, theso times of blood and discord are littlo suitable for marriage. A bridal, ? as wo boo, may ba postponed in the morning by a prisoner to be captured, and at night by a visita tion of the enemy. Put off until somo later day the accomplishment of your marriage. See ! it is the wish of the young lady. My noble domoisollo, permit mo and my poor chouans to reconduct you to the Chateau rfe Mailly.' All the chouans, .with tho carriage in thoir midst and their leader at their head, soon galloped off toward tho sun rising. They were charmed at their good luck in delivering their officer. Poor lads ! Their Iivo3 were very short. They all fell on tho samo battto-field with the elder Cathelineau. Thoro were two Catholineaus— father and son. Both died in the good cause, as became Royalists and Christians. To dio thus Goorncd tho ouly happiness that in those days could be offered thorn, But thoro oro men who cannot got killed, and ono of thoso was Count Victor Vaudolofc. He was in every battle of tho war, and did not leavo La Vondeo evon when all wao ovor. When that time camo ho married Eleanor do Mailly, with the-'good will and consent of Captain Hamelin, who signed tlie marriago contract 03 a higli municipal functionary. So, reader, ends my story. I hopo you aro aa well satisfied as I am with tho good luck of a gay and gallant officer. 