C| e |Ukriite Icraftr Ecuuc.v, Mo.Ut.V AND ICEN.vNG ADVERTJSF.II. Published Tuesiliivsjxinu'siliiys ami SuUmliiys ECIIUOA, TUESDAY", M.U' 15, 1877. RESULT OP THE ELECTIONS. I THE election, which has just ended, has resulted, so far as Itodaey is concerned, in the return of Messrs. Fraser and Gillies, who polled respectively 1836 and 153-i votes, Messrs. Shackell and Spencer polling 1515 and 1430 votes re spectively. This rosult will be a great disappoint ment to Messrs. Shackell and Spencer, who were led to believe from the promises they received that they would stand much higher on the poll. The ballot has rendered it impossible a defeated candidate should take an elec tor to task for broach of promise, the former has nothing to do, therefore, but accept the fortune or misfortune of war, and live in hopes that the fickle goddess will be more propitious when an election takes place agaiu. It was never difficult to prognosticate the probable result of this election, any more than it is now to point to certain well defined causes for iteunfortunate results. Prom the moment that Mr. Eraser resolved to row in the samo boat iv"ith Mr. Gillies, and abandon tho causo of localism, there was reason to fear that the chances of a second local candidate's election would bo considerably diminished. Mr. Eraser's influence and local knowledge, as well as his electioneering experience, were cer tain to givo him an immense advantage, and to damage the chancos of any candi date he opposed. Mr. Gillies being tho administrator of tho Lands Department was enabled to employ a vast amount of machinery which was highly injurious to his opponents. Every Government officer and attache throughout this extonsivo electorate would be expected nolens nolens to throw the weight of his influence into the Government scale. It was always shown too that the squatters to a man were working per fits at, -tufas to secure the return of tho M'Culloch candidates. This fact, whilst it pointed conclusively to the understood proclivities of Messrs. Eraser aud Gillies, was a significant warning to the now local candidates to prepare for a contest, in which all the power of Government iufluenco and squatterdom, would be "arrayed against the free and independent voters of the district. But a greater evil than all those combined had to bo fought against by tho local Liberal candidates-the disfranchise ment of the Echuea oleetoral district. In September last this journal and the local municipal authorities urged the import ance of having two divisions for the elec toral district of Rodney. It was then satisfactorily established that so large a district should have two divisions, of which Echuca aud Heathcote should bo the head contres. Deputations waited ou the Government, and petitions wero sent to the Assembly whilst tho Electoral Bill was passing through committee. Mr. Mackay pleaded tho causo of Echuca, and offered unanswerable arguments why tho alteration should bo made, and aslcod for delay to consider tho question. Mr. Macphersou replied superciliously that the -Rodney peoplo had been granted two members, with which they ought to bo satisfied; that tho committee might dis cuss tho matter, but he hoped they would not comply with the request of tho Echuca residents. The consequence was that tho measure was agreed to without a divisiou, and the electorate allowed to romain as it is at present. The Government saw clearly enough that it was too good an opportunity for divide et impera to bo allowed to lot slip. By so fixing the geographical boundaries as to render Echuca subordinate to districts 70 or SO miles off, it is practically left without any representation at all. But for this infa mous trick Mr. Shackell, and probably Mr. Sponcer, would represent this division of Rodney. A glance at the returns will , show that Mr. Shackell polled 582 in [ Echuca, and Mr. Gillies only 231, and it was uot till.tho Mooroopua and Tatura re turns came in that Mr. Gillies was seen to have the ghost of a chance. Mr. Shackoll also polled more than Mr. Gillies at Rnnnymedo, Rochester, Heathcote, and Rusluvorth, proving that lie stood Veil in all the chief centres of' intelligence It was when influences prevailed that he could not control, that Mr Gillies, aided by all the government hacks and squat ters' .nominees, iii tho district, went ahead and obtained the paltry majority of nineteen. A victory gained by suoh des picable means is a thousand times mire dishonorable than Mr. Shackell's defeat dueto such a number of , adverse causes uncontrollable by him. Let Mr Gillies exult in his majority of nineteen and let Mr. Shackell take heart of grace for having polled so neiply to his opponent under such disadvantageous circumstances Ou the'whole the liberal electors of Rodney have no cause^to despair at the result of the election. They have fought manfully and magnanimously to redeem the squat ter-ridden province from tho disgrace of dummy ism and land frauds, and they have only to persovore.in the samoUirection to rescue the province from the elutelies of land-robbers, who live by preyin° upon the peoples patrimony. The immense advance which liberal principles have made in the gross poll of the colony should encourage ' and stimulate the electors of this district to prepare for a grand and final effort at the next elect,ion, which shall cause men to be returned who. really represent the people. NoMmo must be lost in the next session of Parliament in procuriuo- tho passing of a romedial measure which°shall fully enfranchise the' Echuca electors By tho present arrangements its 1500 electors may return a man only to be completely outvoted by the electors of Mooroopna, who have no more in com mon with Echuca than those of Sand hurst or Iuglewood. Combination and organisation' will also be necessary if the liberal doctors.of the district are to hold tlieir own. '.The friends and supporters of Messrs. J?i*a.ser aud Grillies were united, energetic, and well organised, those of Mossrs. Shackell and Spencer were, par ticularly in the sparsely populated dis tricts, too much without co-oporatiou aud efficient leadership. Although Rodney has been a failure for the present, the colony ou the whole hus laid the axe to tho root of tho corrupt tree of M'Culloch iomV His WvjuLiu, imo c<wll"", 11R; fore the indignaut blast of the popular indignation and his reign of shams has for ever ended. A large majority has been elected pledged to carry out all the re forms needed by the country and to briu" to discipline tho Legislative Council, which always is in league with the obstructing party in tho Assembly, and has for the las°t twenty years been the bate noir of all pro gressive legislation. Lot the electors of this divisiou of Roduey be up and doing. The enemy has stolen a "march and has snatched a doubtful victory, but it is the last expiring effort of efFete squatter dora, which is doomed to extirpation by tho constitutional exercise of tho rights of a free and independent peoplo. ° THE RIVERS-The Murray river rogistered last night at Echuca, 3 feot 4 inchos above summer level; Wahgunyah, 1 foot: Alburv 2 feet; Swan-Hill, 3 feet 4 inches. ' ELECTION- Retuiins,- Prom Dr. Ohas. Robinson, Returning Officer, wo last ni"ht received the following telegram .--The state of the poll at its close was, Frasor 1836 . Gillies, 1534 ; Shackell, 1515 ; Spencer' 1430\. Mr. Gillies thus having a majority of i nineteen over Mr. Shackell. the declaration of tho poll was made yesterday afternoon by the returning officer at Heathcote, according to the foregoing results, and Messrs. Eraser and Gillies were declared elected. DEATH op Mns. GILES.-We re<*ret to | have to record tho death of Mrs. Giles the much respected wife of Mr. John Giles of tho Echuca Hotel. Tho deceased lady was recently confined, and she nevor rallied after the birth of the child. She was at tended by Drs. Sibley and Crossen, and all that medical skill could do was exerted on her behalf but she gradually sank, and died early on Saturday morning. Mr. Giles was at Wiieannia, and it was some time be fore tho distressing intelligence could bo con voyed to him. Tiie Rodnby ELECTION.-Though Mr. Gillies is statod to be returned for Rodney with a majority of 19 oyer Mr. Shackell, no roturns are to' hand wliioh make up this result. All tlio priblishod returns of the various polling booths are incorrect. Thoso given in yesterday's Argus aro manifestly at fault, as the lists of figures addod up give diil'eront totals to thoso appended. Stops have been taken by the committees of Messrs. Shackell and Spencer to obtain ollicial returns from the returning oflicor at Hoathcoto. Mr. ShackeU's friends, and probably the committees of both Liberal candidates, will take action to test the validity of the olection of Mr. Gillios, 011 several grounds. First, the accuracy of the roturns is doubted. Secondly, it is alleged that there is prima facie evidence of intimidation, personation, and dual voting, it is also asserted that money has been used to induce an eloctor favorable to Mr. Shackell to re main away during tho polling, but whether this can be connected with the Ministerial candidates or not will bo a question of evidence. Wr.ujrKitA ELECTION.-It is noteworthy that Mr. James M'Bain, one of tho largest landod proprietors in Rodnoy, and who is accredited with having used his utmost in fluence to defeat Mr. Sliackoll, and secure the return of the ex-Minister of Lands, has himself been defeated for tho Wimmera, a constituency which he has represented for a largo number of years. Wo have not, so far, heard any expressions of sympathy with Mr. M'Bain. MR. Pim.i.ri' NOI.ax.-Wo regret to learn that Mr. Phillip Nolan has been invalidod for tho past week with an attack of pleurisy. He has been attended by Dr. Croker with tho best results, and will shortly bo con valescent. Er,ECTro.\Er,RiNo CURIOSITIES.-It will bo recollected that Mr. Gillies, in addressing the Echuca doctors, said lie was not pro vented from again contesting the Mary borough electorate by any feav of being re jected there. Oh, no ! ([iiito the contrary was tho case.'3But thero were two gentlemen there (.Messrs, Stewart and Praser) who woro suro to be returned if left alone, and who were supporters of the Gillies-cuin-M'Cullocli Government; whereas Mr. Gillies' candida ture would necessarily displace one of them. The electors of Maryborough, it now seems, have displaced both of them. This is signi ficant of the fate that would tlioro have be fallen Mr. Gillies had ho faced tlio Mary borough electors again. But tho facts show how wiso in his generation is that ex perienced politician, whatovor tho doctors of Ecliuca may think of tho sincerity of his ut torancos to thom. '?RAIN;-A hoavy and welcome fall of rain was oxperiencod on Sunday. Tho downfall commenced on Sunday at about tivo o'clock, and continued steadily far into tho night. The rain was wanted to finish the prepara tion of tho soil in the district for the ro ception of the seed, the late rains'having boon hardly sufficient. Sowing will now bo performed under the most favorable auspices for a good harvest. To tho farmers, there fore, tho downfall is a boon indeod, aud it augurs tho final breaking up of tho mild season, arid, winter may now bo considered to bo.fairly entered upon, though Jack Frost has not yet visited us. EcuooA Pciii.ro OFFICES.-On Friday tho Government accepted tho,tender of Messrs. Walker and Halliday for the erection of tho new public offices . at Ecliuca. The amount of the tender is £8,507'Is. 4d. Wo hope this long looked for work will bo commenced at once. . . ''' r MANUURAJW ELECTION.1-Messrs. Casey, Williams and T. Moore, have been elected for Manduraugj tho polling being as follows: -Casey, 3008 ; Williams, 2497 ; T. Moore, 2289\. The unsuccessful candidates, Messrs. Tupper and A. B. Moore polled respectively, 2018 and 1323. It appears that a bungle was made in reference to advertising, or rather the non-advertising of ithe polling places for tho electorate. The following paragraph ap pears in Saturday's JJendigo Advertiser-. ",'A great oversight on the.par: of.'the return ing oflicer has been pointed out to us in ad vertising tho polling places in tho RIVERINE HERALD, which circulates in the northern part of the district. It is feared that a large number of electors will not voto in conse quence of tlioir ignorance of the propor places for tho divisions in which they reside." [The premises that tho polling places were notified in this paper is incorrect. The management communicated with tlio returning officer to obtain tho advertisement, but no reply was rocoivod, either through discourteous noglect or an oversight.! DEATU OP THOMAS BURNS.-On Saturday the funeral- of Mr. Thomas Burns, an old resident of Echuca, took place. The de ceased had been for many years engaged in farming pursuits, and at one timo rented the Crossenvalo estate for grazing purposes. He some.time ago took up a selection upon the Warbreccan station, and while living there contracted (disease through drinking im pure water during the dry season. Ho never recovered from the malady thus brought §011, and which was primarily the cause of his death. He was only thirty-six years of . age, and leaves a wifo and largo family of young children. The funeral was largely attended. The members of the H.A.C.B. Society, to which Mr. Burns had belonged, walked in procession, besides a numerous following of carriages and horse men. ILLNESS OF Mn. PASOOE.-Mr. C. E. Pascoe, Town. Clerk, has been confined to liis room for a couple of days post with I'hou matic affections. Wo learn from his medical adviser, Dr. Crosson, that ho will bo ablo to resume his official duties in a day or two. ACCIDENT.-Mr. Nihil, farmer, Tongala, mot with an accidont on Friday last by a fall from his horse, causing a fracture of the collar-bono. Ho was attended by Dr. Crosson, and is doing well. \- THIS . AUSTRALASIAN SKETCHER. - The AViatLulii3lt.il Okolulioi fui ilii3 memoon taius some, interesting engravings. Miss Ada Ward, tho talented actress, forms the frontis piece ; tho scoiio of the accident at the Murray bridge, Echuca, and a scone on the island of Vanua Balava arc among the illustrations. Tho Illustrated Australian News has also some well executed ongravings, amongst which are tho Australian Blondin crossing Middlo Harbor, Sydney, and nntivo huts at Trinity Bay, and the hurricane at tho Lacopede Islands. Tho Echuoa agent for these periodicals is Mr. H. Stephenson, .Hare-street. SPORTS AT MOAMA.-On Queen's Birth day, tho 24th inst., sports will "be held at Moama, near Thompson's Royal Hotel. AUCTION SALE.-To-day, at 2 o'clock, Mr. Frederick Payne will sell on the premises, High-street, household furniture and piano. MR. SMYTH'S BENEFIT.-Tho. programme of the complimentary benefit to bo given to Mr. Smyth, in tho Temporanco Hall, is pub lished. A full bill is providod and tho drama will bo seen for the first time in Echuca, the piece selected for representation being " Time Tries AH." Thero will bo also performances of choice selections of music by lady and gentlemen amateurs and the popular song and danco business will be sustained by clever exponents of burnt cork ininistrelsy. Tho entertainment promises a lirst-class even ings entertainment. BRICE'S PANORAMA.-This entertainment, which was advertised for the Shire Hall on Saturday night, did not attract an audience, as only about fifteen porsons attended. The panorama was, ho'.vover, exhibited. It con sisted of a sories of well painted views of-the Franco-Prussian war, which, wero it not that the day for aueh exhibitions has gone by, at least in Echuca, would draw well enough. EQUINE ATTACHMENT.-One of those in stances o£ attachment existing between horses, says tho Ararat Advertiser of the 12th inst., was thoroughly exemplified a few days ago in the cnso of an Eboi" iilly, owned by Mr. Thomas Walker. That gentloman, who is at present carrying out a largo Go vernment contract a few miles from Sand hurst, removed a nnmbor of horses to the place, and amongst others tho animal al luded to. When there tho filly conceived a strong friendship for one of tho grey cart horses, which in turn reciprocated the at tachment, guarding its aristocratic com panion from attacks by any:of the rest - with groat jealousy. The two wore generally to be seen together, and when working hours were over they wero inseparable. The grey horse was sent last week to Ararat, and Mr. Walker also went there, performing the journey principally by rail. On tho morn ing after his arrival here ho proceeded to the farm, and the first object that attracted his attention was the Ebor filly, covered with sludge and sweat, grazing beside the entrance. When the gate was opened, it dashed across tho paddock to tho stables and back round tho grounds till it found its groy mate, and with many whinneying congratulations on both sides, joined its friend. 'L'ho young horse must have travelled over 150 miles through towns, across railways, and over fences and diggings-to join its companion. WHOLESALE SHARK. CATCHING.-The cap ture of sharks has been carried 011 of lato in ITobson'sBay with considerable enorgy. On Friday tho watehhousekoeper at Sandridge recorded the capture of no less than 1,381 young sharks, all over 2ft. in length, for which tho captors receive Is. Cd. per head. The bodies of the sharks are taken back to the l>ny, and serve as food to attract other sharks. Since .Monday list over .'5,500 sharks have been captured by the fishermen at Sandridge, some of whom have earned from £3 to £1 per day. It has been suggested that a uniform rate of 3d. per head for all sharks would be preferable to the present system, as immense numbers of young sharks, under 2ft. in length, aro caught, and thrown back into the water again.-Argus. 