CHAPTER III It was not until the next day that Will arrived nt his mother's. In the evening, after she left Mrs. Burden Martha overheard a conversation between her father and Smyler which gave her trouble. The peddler had come to spend the night at Doubleday's, and the two men sat in a small apartment which the farmer called his office, next to the dining-room. They were drinking cider, and talking their own peculair gossip with the door slightly ajar. Martha sat sewing in the dining-room. Now, the apple had played a mischievous part in human affairs, no less than the grape. Thia time, it caused the farmer and his guess to forget that the door was not quite closed. Smyler went on for a while complaining of young Burden's shiftless career. " Why don't he take after his mother ?" said he. " 'S tidy a saving a body's you'd wish to see. Why, if she'd had anyways a proper husband or son, she might have been a rich woman this minit ; sure as I'm setting here. I vow Doubleday, I'd like to have married that women, and, if I thought there was any chance-" Here the farmer's laugh rolled in, sub- merging with mellow sounds the rest of the sentence. " Just what I was thinking when you was going on about the young fellow," Martha heard him saying, as his laughter subsided. " Division in the camp, weakens the widow's cause ; that's sound ! The less the boy does, the more chance for you. My opinion, she's most tired out now, waiting for him to take hold and help ; and, if you trade sharp, Smyler, I don't doubt you'll get her." The words were muffled in a jollity natural to the man, but Martha could not but revolt against them. The talk went on, and, as she listened, a singular sensation came over Martha. She felt as if she were in some hollow cave, all alone, without air. For she heard her father plotting more and more seriously to entrap the widow into a marriage with the peddler, by making her dependent upon them for money. She did not understand how it was to be done, except that Smyler was to advance funds to her father, which would be lent to Mrs. Burden until the farm should come into their power. Then Smyler might appear as a suitor, and all would be pleasantly arranged. The whole plan was laid in the most cheerful tones, and with frequent chuckling : but Martha trembled with indignation. " Yet, why should I feel so ?" shs asked herself. " But the great drawback on the whole thing," said Smyler at that instant, " is the boy. What should I do with him on my hands?" "Wake him up!"said Doubleday, with a laugh ; " and, if he don't like it, send bim sleep-walking somewhere else !" Martha's questionings ended in a second's time ; but her little brain was all on fire again ; and, as shs clutched her sewing, and caught up the heavy cotton in folds, she cried to herself impetuously: " I must save him !" Will, however, not divining that there was the slightest need of his being saved, appeared so complacent and abstracted the next few times she saw him, that there was no con- venient chance for beginning the rescue. So, at last, Martha felt that it was ridiculous to bother about it at all. For his part, the young man, being free once more, had a thoroughly dreamy time of it. He rambled, wrote, dozed, dreamed, and read-to the despair of his neighbours and of even his mother. In this way he spent the better part of the summer. One day, it chanced that in rummaging the garret he came upon a manuscript genealogical record compiled by his father. It was a mere dry list of family names, like a lot of withered peas in withered pods ; but to Will it seemed a luscious feast. Within fire minutes, sitting there in the rnety, straggling light of the garret, and pouring over the pages, he was lost in the past. Men, women, and even children long dead and gone rose up and came to meet him as he read their names. And he communed with them. Suddenly there came before him the ghost of a stately maiden-tall, beautiful, calm, and kind, who wore around her neck a chain of ancient gold beads. Her name was Cynthia- Cynthia Elderkin. His soul went forth to her. In her, at last, he saw the creature whom for years he had dimly foreseen and loved,-and she was dead ! The thought filled him with unutterable pathos, and roused him suddenly to his surroundings. Where was he? Had he left the garret in the midst of his reveie without knowing it? He found himself leaning against a gray rail-fencing with his face toward a farm- house not far off, below the slope on which he stood. The sun had just burst out from a cloud ; he had come hither without knowing it. On the side of the house next toward him, a garden bed been begun, and the figure of a young girl in the freshly starched dress was leaning over the beds of well-raked earth. He climbed the fence, and moved toward her. " How do you do ?" said Martha, looking up. Burden started, looked bewildered, and stretched out his fingers to get hold of his father's manuscript. It was not with him. " Oh, Martha !" he said confusedly, " is it you ?" "Of course," she answered. "Who else should it be ?" It was on Will's lips to say " Cynthia Elder- kin," for at this instant the name had again come into his mind. But he checked himself, looking embarrassed. " I declare," resumed Martha, with a pretty, inchoate sulkiness, " I think you will be asking people next what we call the village here. Shall I tell you ?" "Oh, no," he said, simply; "I remember: you mean Columbine ?" Martha dropped her trowel from her hand, and shook with laughter. " Really, Will," said she, " I believe you must be daft," Then she became quite sober, and frowned. " No ; you are fooling me !" she cried. "I'm not; I'm not!" he urged eagerly. " But I really wasn't attending much to what you said." " That's much better, certainly !" said Martha, with an air of sprightly sarcasm. " You're distinguishing yourself for politeness this afternoon." Hereupon Will became vexed. " Pshaw !" he exclaimed, stamping his foot. "Pretty work ou've made my of seeds," observed Martha in a half-tone, regaining her mirthfulness. " Well, what do you want me to do?" ex- claimed the exasperated dreamer. " You may be sure I don't want you to get angry with me," she returned, laughing. 'Martha," said Will, quickly raising his eyes, with that peculiar, far- reaching glow that she had learned to know before now, " the fact is, I'm thinking of going away again." "What? Back to the city?" asked she, becoming very solemn. Her blue eyes, which had drooped for a mere instant, fluttered timidly up to meet his face, and finding him by this time absorbed in gazing at the ground, rested there for an instant pensively. " No, not to the city," he answered. .' But, Martha, how I wish I could tell you all that I feel ! ' Miss Doubleday began to blush. She was sorry, too, for her petulance just now. " It can't be of much use to tell me," she murmured simply. " If you feel badly at part- ing, I suppose it is best to get over it quickly." She was too much constrained to notice whether Will heeded her words or not ; but she was aware that a moment or two passed before he responded. Then, in a half-arguing tone: " Just think," he urged, " of all that we lose by not being in communication with those that a natural bond unties us to. " Yes," said Martha, partially assenting, and yet feeling a slight tremor and a reluctance to remain where she was. " I'm so glad you understand me," rejoined Will with ardour. " Very few people do. I suppose no one else will sympathise with my going off in this way to Norwich, to visit the graves of my ancestors and find who of our name live there still. Yet I feel as if-" " What are you talking of ?" demanded the poor girl with an amazement that fell upon Will like the first cool drop from a cloud. " You don't understand, then ?" he said, with some superciliousness. "Why, I-fIthought so," she faltered. " No, no ; I don't. And I believe you are dreaming. When do you get up this strange scheme ?" " Why, just now," said he frankly, to prove himself awake. Martha laughed a clear, gay laugh. " On account of my seeds ?" she asked. " " I suppose I'm driving you away by my temper. Isn't that it ?" "Listen a moment," he said. " Now, don't make fun, and you'll understand me. You know how my father's father come from Norwich ?" "Yes." " Well, other branches of the family stayed there, and others still went to different places in the West. You see, it's tremendously interesting to trace the history of a family this way, and find out how it wanders and spreads like a great vine." "Why, yes," assented Martha, all earnest sympathy no ; " I can see how nice that must be." " Well, some branches go on and increase, and others die out, and all of them make marriages and,with new families, till you sud- denly find, in looking up your own ancestry, that you are connected with thousands of people all over the country." " Mercy !" cried his demure listener, suddenly putting up her hands and clasping her pretty head and hat with a little finger over each eye. "How terrible ! And yet," she added, relaxing her hold upon herself, " I don't that it is. I was frightened at the idea at first ; but now it seemed to me that there's something splendid in that too. "Why, of course there is!" cried Will, fully aroused. "Are you not all of one frmily, though we don't know each other ? When you travel to a great distance you are not going among strangers ; may be you pass along between houses of your very relatives, without knowing it. The Burdens have spread into Jersey, Pennsylvsnia, and Ohio, and they came from New England. Why, a quarter of the Union is inhabited by us ! Think of the acres that belong to us, the amount of influence we wield, and the hundreds of thousands of dollars we own ! Good gracions, there nothing sublime in that? Don't tell me I'm a dreamer ! I am practical. I believe in uniting a great family like this. Why shouldn't we meet now and then, and know each other, and love one another, and the rich ones help along the poor ones ?" Martha was dumb, now. She had never heard Will declaim in this way before. He seemed so reasonable, clear, coherent, and powerful, that she was overwhelmed. Always admiring him, in spite of what she had believed to be a weakness, she now threw her reserved force of practical dissent from his dreamings into a whole-souled delight at his expansive ideas. Suddenly there came a reaction. "But, why need you go to Norwich, now?" she asked, a little tremblingly. "Because that's a good place to begin in. The Burdens left a flourishing stock there." " And when shall you start?" "At once, I think-to-morrow." " Oh, how splendid !" cried Martba, with a pang, yet exultingly. Her tone of energetic sympathy cheered him like a merry bell. " Are you going to be gone a long time ?" she ventured to add. " I don't know," said Will suddenly, to his surprise, losing heart. "But why?" " I was thinking-of your mother " " Yes, yes," he replied. " I know it's hard for her. But she'll like me all the better when I come back." " You don't know what it is to be lonely," sighed Martha, with an air of conviction. It struck him as a new idea. " No ; perhaps I don't," he answered. " I've always lived with my ancestors." Then they laughed, and he shook hands with her, and said good-bye and left her. But, " Am I perhaps a fool, after all, following a myth ?" he vainly asked himself, as he went homeward. "Cynthia-Cynthia Elderkin !" he murmured. And again the dim rapture of that ghostly presence rose about him and enveloped bim ; and he was once more lost to the consciousness of externals. That night, the widow came to Doubleday, and borrowed money for the expenses of her son's new expedition. But when Martha heard of it, she was struck with remorse. " Oh, he'll be turned out to beg," she groaned within herself. " Smyler will get the farm, and marry the widow, he'll be turned out to beg ! Why, oh, why didn't I tell him ?" 