I TALES AND SKETCHES, f CHAKTRY MAKOK-HOBSE. 4 &WHT; SZOSF (fna Bdgrtma.) CSlfTKB L Ix waa a very old house— a Gothic boMing of tolerable repair tn-m generation to gnmratKra ; bail bean idle, the dinging rtj lorimly con cealed many a deft and cranny m tbe old time worn tile. It bad bees ttnanttess often, and fir irery long periods. Many who bad {roue to nor it objected to the tanked neglected ejnub berries, mterspenasa with fir and Larch, which snrraanded it so doeel v ae to be aoggeWtve of damp * and still note to the mote, now over, lnmgwitfi wnlowe, and across which stretched Branches of oaks, while tbe stagnant water, green with weeds and rashes, bad gradually mted the treHised palings at its bead, — and as they bad fallen, JO they bad been allowed to Ge ; for no one hid ever lived there long enough to care to lay out any money upon (be gromnds; and tile osroer, wbo resided abroad, was quite eataiEed to beHen tbat as old woman inhabited the boose (which abe did not), and kept fires enoneb *» prMerre the fear &nH;?y portraits and the miserable f nrrdtnw which be bad left in it. I, reader, am a tetirad Bengal efrnian, who, baring tasted the sweets of ITiighah eporfa dsring my tear balidays spent in tbe old eoantry, determined tbat any first act on retire ment should be to setde myedf in a eountry honae ma good Itunting neighbourhood. Panamopy bad been fny ? uwioiilg virtae ' irben I was in India, earning my four cbooaand rapea a month; and the tendency to it was naturally not lessened when I had (n Kn noon my pension of one thousand paonds per anunm. Of eontse I bad savings but they were sacred (ae yet, at any rate) ; and no sooner did I read tbe advertisement of 'a very desirable manor bonae to be let, in tfoe centre of Ibc hsjnt, with trvenl acre* of Isnd indused, at an almost Tjominal rent,' than I ponrced upon it, tBen.and there, not cm taking die precaution -eo&*rinl wasl of losing nieh a bargain) of going to eee tbe place in qucetion. My wife was in delicate bealcfa, cod some what indolent fcrnsi long residence in India, ao that she was content to leave al) plans and arrangements tome exctaanl;; and when I informed bar I had taken Chantry Uavior boose,ona hue of three, seven, or fourteen yean, abe was pleased, became I appeared In be so, and looked harvard wnh. a tittle languid excitement to ber new home, I was slightly varvotts the day -we drove up to take 'Dk month of October waa drawing to a. dose, and the day was cold and stormy; tbe wind wa» whittling through the old trow in tie amenne, and 'driving tbe brown aad yellow leaves before us in Easts. The entrance t» tbe bnoaa £sced the north-west, and aa the carriage drew n» a binding Sturm came on, and we entered onr new abode anything bit cheerily. We tad sunelne in » large aqnarc hall, the floor of pohefaed oak ; a Btie to the left gloomy. Sot a vestige of carpet, not even a mat anywhere. A good deal of armoury— our landlord's ancestors had evidently been warriors — breastplates, helmets, eatbssa, and dagger*, maty w9b time and neglect— adorned the walla; whilst here end tiusra a stag's head, with hngh antlers and staring gfa« eyes, UKwed down upas us. Ibe servant aosocnlpiedi&brimjisgincloafca; and parcels from tbe carriage ; and, after steading helplessly for a few seconds, we, guided by » Bickering firelight, pushed open a door and beheld onr drawing-room. It was dreary enoogh. Very large, witii three, windows, against which tile rain was beating, shaded with eanains of a sickly faded drab ; a threadbare BnuaeJi carpet, firm a*** all colour bad long ago departed; some old fcshioned upright chain, a eofr, a couple of arm-dairs, a, large nnrad table, and two nmsnre cabinets completed the farnitare. We waited into it, looted round, shivered, spate never sword, add, by rantual consent, walked oot again, as. if to exsioee &rtber; bat both knew that each walked away to bifo s feeling of intense daappotatxaeat^ almost disinsy. Twilight was gathering fast, but it was not yet too dart fcr TO to «ee our totnn readeoce ; and, opening a door at the foot of theattir caae, m entered the library. It amelt damp and mmky from the old boots which it con tained; but it waa email, which waa an impromnent trpan die drawmg-room, mnA tbe bookcuea and writmg^ahk got it a more habitable and furnished look. 'Ttdt room might perhaps be made to look bome-fike with a great deal done to it,' said my wiSe, breaking tbe suenee Sir tbe fiat time ; and flu words and tone of Trice in which they were uttered spoke Totomesof her first impree anns of die borne to which I bad brought her. Folding-doors at tbe end of Una apartment lad into tbe during-room, whan s En bad been Sighted to greet vs. Ita window, looked oonth, oatDaamaD flower-garden aad bowliug-gmeu, which donbdeaton a One day would be a, plcasmt prospect. Any way tie aspect of Urn room made n- more hopeful andchoery. We ?greed it ana 'not ao had a&r; all,' and then vent np-ctain. On the first landing my wife's maid— Trevor by name— met ra with a caadk, looking a EtUe Cbjmandasiatidied, which I hoped proceeded fcom bar »df ?denial and consequent suflVrine; in baring gone op-stain to see to her nristreae'. bedroom befian partaking of bar own tea, which in asms myaterioos way is always ready jbrifae domestic portion of tbm — *»My— — * when they come 'off a luuiiiei.' We hid tent on anme ?errmts to prepare for na, sad to tbe boannttki had been lefltbe aelectioaof our^partmenta. Wa ioBowed our aMdBr(l7»mBsn.sorryfcrft.%h^aJon(ra sort of conMor, hsng -r» ran Aj fcaflj pmtraua,awttbB-aidof whiub wuu4wuortbrBa atepj, axid thaaareoess, in winch aas a bed room and dressing- room, not e» Mmte, but tbe doors taring each oflier. The futmtntwin fl» bedraomwaa of a oast forbidding deauiutiuu. Afcor-poster, looting Ske. bean*, wSh ita hea^dnperin; the anlb corared wilbMad tapestty; and auoaine-«hwa in* emd «ak cround. Urn) waa file Mate apartment endestly. ? Waa tins tbe most comfortable room Vary could find for your nnstmaf* I inquired; 'it loob so very gloomy.9 ? TSs only apiece wrtt thereat of the bom, astaraaleansee,' replied Treror enaponHy. She was aa old servant, and ratfaar prirrlegad to apeak ber mind in consequence. She bad Dm) lifea Wl in India, 'with naaab and Serb at her aide,' srhieb had not imnrored ber. '«tarj«r»tiie other rooms haTeu't got scaree no ftmubore,' abacontinned,*and no direeing In a abort time we were' pretty fcirly aettfad. By the tiaw we bad nnpacked and dispersed about the vinous rooms tbe picture*, tiger «Hnf, booas, tsble-eorera, and orasmenra we had brought wiio us, we began to cbneUe again over onr bargain; for tbe place was nnaonbfedly worth double the price weware paying tar It Oat of doors alao we made aome Tery anecesB nd inpravemente. Tbe bailnT in charge gave oa leave to art away many of the over-grown ?brubberiea aad take down an onsjgblir -mt- borae. Hk moat had fbrtnmtelj hem fiBed up yean before in front of tbe windowi; and wectid not object to Hie portion of it which .121 remained between ns aad Ae atahlea. Xbe place seemed to agree with us, asclwcgrew to I wax within comfortable reach of two pada of bounaa, and crmld hunt eii dayi a week if I chose to buy hones cmngb. We had several pleasant sociable neighboora, and attacjetber we promiHd oursehw many bappy yaua in tbe old borne. Peace is, however, donmed to he of abort, doradoo in this troublaome world ; and ere we had been six weeb at Chaotrj oni maid aemnla, one by one, to onr very gnat annoyanca, rain us notice to leave— Trsror, my wife « attendant, beme tiu onlv exeeptioD. Each bad aome exeaseTlbe -2^coo»em«™ of tbe office' the -dabiess of thepface,' witk matry more «aually DnKkdj to he the tostb ; but an air of mystery appeared in it eD,a»d, when cuoely questioned, ooe *Bd aS beoaaw coofosed in their explanations. ICy wile inquired of her maid it abe cooH in anyway account for this deeertioo, and tbe reply was anything bat ealj3actor» : 'Idon'tknow Fonn ma'am, witioot His tbeghoetea.' Her nristresa reproved ber abarply Car con desemdingto Ssten to ancb nonaenae, sal lor being so erOy ae to repeat it, wbJeb at once ' pat up tbe back' of tbe insciUe Trevor, who answered: ?I haven't heard nor seen nothing mjwM, ma'am; but dungs « seen and things a* beard ; and I -&\- fael tor tbeoi atakai aAoot abutting up afiardack, aritb das veryaretams palled out of their banua.' Uan, SngUy affronted, ebe notmced oat of tbe room. We were no Detmen m gboellv appanboos, and we laughed heartily over me women's fears— strong enough to make tbsm give up a good ajrnation snrl over Ijnvori sympathy; do Bughiog matbsr. 'X'rje gins QeparteA, annthe puns wi& M'*Ml \ and for some time all went qtneay and wdl, rill one night, when I had been siHmg up much later than usual, having many letters to write, my attention m Bnade&Iy; aroatld by tbe sound as of carriage-wheels coming trp tin ?vennc t listened and felt a Bttit alarmed, lest some of our belonging, should be ill and had sent for ns; forwehad ttouattou to expect visitors in the dead of night. I went into tbe drawing-room, which fiaoed tbe front, unbarred tbe shutters as noiselessly aslcoold, and looked out It waa a» dark m pitch, ao that I conldaee nothing. Ibeardtha wheds atiB, seeming to be no longer sn gravel, but muffled, as if on asphaite; and tbe con veyance, whatever it raigbt prove to be, bad evidendy passed tbe entrance-door, aad was going on towards the ataUe. Wbnst I waa listening, suddenly it ceased. la one ?econd there was utter eUlbjeH, only broken by the stable dock toffing forth tie boor of midnight I waa dateuniueg to aatzafy aay eflrkaity, «o patting on my hat, I opened the hall-aooii and went oat: ?Halloa, who are yon?' I ietx%mnc^l tbe Toioe of any fOslilllliii ?Wbafs Ox matter, Bohert? Who baa arnvrdP laaked « WeD, air/ be replied, * ts tbe qneereat start; as I ever know ; 0-e bay marc ain't very weU, and I ana np giving bar a mash, when I bears a carriage and pur of 'oeaea afoonuuiug op Aa drive, gmtaog over tie atones, and then man qnJet-Kke. I come eat, and could hear '«m, bat I couldn't see 'em, far then weren't no lamps; and bow tW could anstSnd the way in the dart I can't ever think. They comes elowJytowarfsnie; I eallsoBt, 'Wbjsh any be ye coming then* Slap a bit— m bteb ? light;' andaurewKgb they m stop, that sudden, it took my breath any. Ite was ?aenceallof a -marde,.alr; you could ban* pin drop. I went back to the atable, got my lantern, ann-now.Br. what ev«r is it? What comd t eayP I eonU only eartewt lias mao not to iw^nri^ii tbA canaoanalaneaa, for fcaritmigBt reach tbe cam of h» mistrww wml tighten her; that in erne wi mar come at eome expbuiatun iT we kept qniet ; that it mrehtbeatricito ftigntan ss, and ao on ; but in my baartl was not »»rr coroJbrlsUa, and entirely agreed with Bobs* tfaetit was a 'gjmr My wfc, I am tbaakblio My, ladW ban disturbaa ; and, more £-rbmat-ly atiB, abe am not present wben,aweek ar two later, a magb bour, arbo vaa ^uasiag * iiaM'iuug*lvaBxl aand aas aToar gravel waa wnm down yet by Ae ?otantom carriage.' leaked Jam, in ao off-handed a voice as I oooU command; what be meant ; but be only ebnokh_beadudUnghed,aaying: *Ky dear Hoatroae, 'agooranti is bbss f ask no oacatioas if jonil tab my advice I can onlyjay I wouldn't live where yon no if I was paid Cor it,' I smiled (sebly, trying to think my friend hadinmatedinotjvsa, and wished to fiighbo meant of tbe house, to talre it lnmsett; far I knew Dim to be on tbe look-oat for e larger dweUing than the one heat preaont ooramini ; but Idid not fed coin, bappy. Too, reader, would not hare Bad it. However, I was determined to keep my own counsel, and not !ay myself open to ridicnle by ner mmjrarat anything winch bad ooenrad an Chat mexaoraUe mght. The ghost's vMta, if gboat it wa^ were Bte those of angels, 'few and ar between;' we beard no eomniainta fimnany of tbe homeboU ; and Iwaa beghanm; to think aD moat have been imagination, for I bad not born disturbed by any nighthr viaitationf, though I bad ait np more than once mrta after midingbt for tie express parpoas of watching. Christmas waa over; an bad eatertamea a goodly number of friends, and all who bad stayed in tbe hoaas had left, congratulating as on our (rood tortane, and well pleased with Ghaatry. Sew rearsV-day came ; bat not ebeeriTr fer an. Mrs. atootrose'e sorter wastakmBI, ana a tcbgrani aaaunoned as to Ijondon. ASar depoabng my woe in eafcty, I retained borne alow, rnbeinreadraeeefcr a near meet of tbe fasuadF. My joomey had wearier] me, and, eoohaay to any anal eastern, I tell asleep in my chair after dmner. When t awoke it waa half-pert eleven. I pat mt the lights aad went ap at od» to bed, stopping in tbe hsD on my way to caress a large black retriever, who, at my wife's particular request, bad lor tbe last week been chained to the staircase, making hi. bed very contentedly on tbe mat at ita fast. Some of oar visitow had suggested tbat Chantry was lonely, and that we might be visited by burglars ; bo, to quiet very reasonable fears, I bad brought Brunt an to he a guard. I bad not been long in bed, and had not Men adeep, when I heard footsteps patter, patter, along tie oaaiage, accompanied by tbe eteo dank of a 'So, en, Mr. Brain,* eaid I tomyself, 'yoa have ant kxae have you, aad followed me am laraapenaadedtt ana tbe dog, yetleattrp toSaten,and beard the same steps, chain and sB, come ap tbe etaira and go into my dyrwing raom. There is something* Irqle rmoomfor babfc, even tbough we think we can accoaat fcr it, in tbe Bound of a chain being dragged along the floor in the etiDneaa of the night ; and a sort of &e;&ng; came over me tbat something Irving to epeak to would be pleasant, and assae me resolve to call tbe do. in and let him b- bf the fire in my bedroom. I accordingly lit my ranfflo, opened (be door, am] called, ? Brain, Rot,' expecting him to bound forward, as be always did at tbe sound oT my voice. Bat there was no navjasa, ao I caBed again, in rather leas confident tone-, 'Bra, Bra ;' but notaeoandeooktl bear. I knew then that it wax not the dog. I went bad to tbe room, toot a loaded saloon, pistol bom its ease, and went into the dreams- room. Probably, I thought, eome burglar bad entered the borne, and boring me fat am, has eeeretod himself. Tbe rattling of key, or book other atq^ernenb bad sounded like tbe clanking of a chain to my imueiftut bearing, with my head on tbe fallow, and heavy curtains round me. As I entered the room, I was startled by the wardrobe creaking, and then aacming to give a ebiver, aad then a crank from top to bottom. It had done so often before, bat to night it made the coM perspiration stand on myforcbead. -What folly/Taaid half aloud: 'am I turning coward ?' then, any candle in one band, tiw pistol in {be otber, i commenced my search. Behind tbe window-curtaini, under the dressing-table, in tbe cupboard— not in the «3ari£rofie ; no, notbing could bave induced me to toaeb tbat— I bunted, but all in vain. Could I have been dreaming P I determined t would £0 down tbe corridor, call op the man anut, and look for the thief elsewhere ; for I bad no doubt tbe man bad escaped noiaeleady wbaat I bad cone to got the pistols. But wddenly, when t was in the middle of tbe gloomy passage, 'clank 'went tbe chain again behind me ; then very faintly repeated, litaan echo; then died away; Whilst at the came momont Bram, from hie own resting-place in the ball, gave one long low bowl, which a arwnrlfri throngs the boose. Wai any one blame me that I went no farther, bat returned to my boa — sf, owwr llie doom orar my can, with anything but a pleasurable foding about the borne tbat sheltered nut 'Bur three seven, or fourteen yean,* I euuUiBied, with an inward groan, 'and three months bave not elapsed yet s' not I managed to get to sleep at last, nrnmatmg span the conatmveb^'poawtom^Msl' ' When I awoke tbe next mornmc, the words _| - ..jl 1.-J nms.Ciaalaaii i l «4m- . L * jl uL I lmj* i_ - tanrynuadacsni. -Why abould areatayr'! argoad; 'iftherjace does not aait uvplesty of psorie nrigbt be fnmd glad ofmcbi ebance.' And I resolved to write to'triendf at * dafliiim'— particnlarly at a -Sataaoe- grvtog them glowing accocmta of tile noirhbom booa.bat stating at the same tine tbat a ahnationwas ratber expowd, and tberafore: tend to aOow my .aft In spend anotb) wintorftere, after tbs cfimata rfloaia, ah. bad made bar awy aaaoeptible to aold. In the honting-aeU tbe next day, Icbna to croacBtet ti» man who _ tad cfaanzd s *-*rc yoaaO alone, Wraitmaef* be sai; ?come and diw witb oi ts-enroir, andte 9a&e;«'3--««fanrL' I accepted aasst tbaakfoOy. I was not parlienJaSy eojeying my aoBtede, cither in rotwspectiouoranticrpatioii.ajidtdetorminaa to*vaamysR«rf&»opDorturutj of aueaSou ingmyxrfcnda.toaoy legend which mrgbtne conaecb.1 witb CbanbVldid -Mt***O»f balimmtbe anuliinsfnisl. hat whatever the ncaar»proceeoedIromAeywe»e not ||1| isaul . and I dreaded: my wife's return, for I knew bar to be of a nervous OmnrTMimul, and t coaH not tall bow soon ebe nngbt be similarly aaarmed. Tbat tngbt I naoVred I wonlinot eo to bed nulfl after raidmght, but eft op and watofa. Snail I eoafssa to fcdiag tempted more than once to make »n» servant lit up also? Baton second thought. I dMBot do ao, tfamkrogwhat « ?babbab' (here would be dmngh tbe boose if it was known tbat tbe master bad heard the moeb-areanea ^chaetss.' iTanetnaUy «t ton o'clock I retired, after a glass of brandyud wator to all sag then my nsrves ; and nnnt L' made a good fire, draw my arm-chair close to it,aoa,withmy pistol by my sHe. fckpn parcd tor tbe worst. I arooid watch. JfJl very €ne to say so. Whether ft vraa ebe day's banting, or (be bonk I was readme, or tbs brandy-aod-water, or a ' enmbmation of the tans, I anew not; but certain it i- tfaat I fell asleep. When I awoke it was wilh an anueSnahle feesng tbat *— »«*l*l»»g ar aamabady was near if yon ask mewhai I faeanl, I cannot aay. U was not a raaDe, not a stop, nothing debate. One of those aoaaais of «Jeace, wbich it is quite impossible to describe — more like a bnsz of irroumeeaole tnsectz in tbe air than anything else. mySn waa almost out-ft bad just «ometo tbal stage when tbe dying dnders part with a eortaferaekand drop; my candle had burnt down in ita socket, and was quivering then with a pale Una-light. I robbed uyeyes, and looked round -fca mom: ttiorewaa nothing to be «eBO or beard j sod yet I fees* tbat something was these. Ah! what was Halt I Ut a, blnoi enroling, and growing cold ; for I eaw, not in tie room— I could distinguish no object there. — bntinthe mirror, a reflection of a tall dark Bgure. Itwae vague and liadowy, yet ««ne tbing seemed to dance upon it, like steal in sttn ahine. Even ssl looked, it nnishedi but at tbe same moment! beard tin chain again, or what I bai thought was tbe chain tba najjbt before; but aow it Bounded more like tbe clanking aoasaof MoScer'a award, draccmc athiB eioB. Harthcrand arOer it aantOB down tin corridor, and then died away. I Wwaatfid wifcw nKHUBPti to tsBoovsr iujbbU, to fisdsnrelwainot nzesmmg, and Oan rested out into tse darkness, too eager for pnnmtto feel fear ; butsB was atSD. _ uav lWKrtt f'Tit t*rg f-'* frif sisiWiiitifliitnii tirArogoTtheelockattteatausfcead. I did notkaoar I was a coward, bat I aappaselatn. I groped jay -way backaaain, struck a Egbt, and, going down-stairs, unloosed Brain's cottar and brought him back to my room ; then, lockine my door, laid down* but not to Bleep. The nest day, nothing loath, I packed any bonasLwbere latent in rjeec^h-rrSy wariane tbrt Chantry and IirenVeparatei for evoT^ What eoald I do about letting my wife bom backagain? Barbate ft was all nonsense aflcc all.Imirfbeootrfl«rfth,bfliota\ti™iaVad ao then nuns cue to ae with all -t» semblance of reality, yet wan in vary truth Dotting. So I tried to reason with myaeK. Bot then the word, of my present boat came back to o» : 'I would not B»e where yon da X I was paid to do it' That must mean aome tbing, andl iongad man than «ve» to taU On atatter over with him in all eeriorisneas. Them were aeveral goeabt beside mTBeK, and I did not broach the subjoctin the emokrng ruu tbat night, aa I bad intended. Bottfae next morning be and I strolled oat alone to tbe stables, to see a horse be bad for sale, and tten, with mr arm linked in has, I drew him avay through ti» abmbbenat and made a dean ?mastofit. TomyreSelba dm not ten myatory into rrheuk. but seemed only anrprissd that I had ntver beard tbe legend connected witb dsa pace. He then related tbestnryto mt, ai fellows t In the time of Eng Charles there was ? QVsMwr who vts secnay 9ffi-iioBd te tin dughtorof a colonel, who waa one of the nages of tin Ead of Derby, and bad dis inguisbed mmsdfat the battle of Wonaan. Che engagement of the young people ana Jandettine, becaSM tbe fcrnuite tookoppcaaxe ?nesintbetSvB War, though ootnanSJy tfae; outinaed on good terms. ?Q» young man, who «asin fee kbit, «m isbeteri by tbe commanding officer to be tbe ?eerer of private and conBdential Icttomtotlas Eine, who was encamped on a certain beatfa. Ben charged on no account to loiter by Uwaray, and to reach tbe appointed place if possible coder cover of the twilight. Urfortrmatoly for trim, however. Us way lay by ChsnBy Manor-house, when his fait fiameSe resided ; and love being siilmani tJian duty.becaaeoin tease beraahecassed, and waa too easay prnaaded to accept tbe iwoaerad bospitalityforlhemght. ^^ t— — « Intiose dsys«begaBant anos of ltan ware apttoJinger hmsarover Hmx wine-cups (ban was good for tfaem, and after anppsr Ibc yoaw eavsUsr talked with vm~2o«eot* tK nrndenosof the letter, with wiach be was «°fang^ laaSn, mv*erioalr rt fl^fc The crjrksity, if not H» aaspiekm, «C hit bostoa. was excited, and abeiaJe a Md tsaoivatbatanw — r'1ir'.iialaln isT tliuit iiutL tentabetonatealr^lbstnitht. Inr-moeaas withSww bar am. n^lsMr, ana ma reqoested ber dangfator to knit thsa~gr«wtwa%some^aninnnberloto;and then,Wing well ssHia.j Aat she wmddnat Woaasrbed, she wo* np to las taanMaa; wbiob was ateatod at tfaaDrad of a fcaaf 4socridor« md vm wonpt *fi*Mf '**j cbf iudil H» sheebUraaedlhe letters, odad Ifaam; but Mrii hi ebe time tn lrphHr*1— iJr*i»iMln-hg when abe beard (fceeUnkof imd owing akn* the psastre, and knew that the eerstter lad retired far the xaght. Bha jut ??«« toetealfrom the room into the adjoining dressing- room, and there aeonted bersolf -mbl her (tut arse aU; ?hot in Ut aim apartment, when die re* downstairs, and, mbon to bar huabsnd, called op a trust; waiting-man, ami made knows oadiofeutielly to trim tladtba letters which die young eSoer n touring to the King comamed expnwinetrnctioiia asjdnstbis matter and In family. She oute gold pine into fab band, aaddaBTBdhirato nndertato for bar tbat the bone wfaicb the omSermd ridden should be too bane to proceed1 an iti journey on die morrow, ea tfesfc tbere might be ? -far excuse fareni^himoninafaired po^ebsise. She farther charged the by bo aw rawming Omstopber tit immji that IV lamps of die -araet should ant be Bt at tbe etsrtmg. and b- direct the eoeebaan (by mn of * lantern which be himself should cany) towards the aunt. Tbe lady then assured her ar«mnnlir»i ftat it would be easy enough to rescue tbe camber fcom a watery gran, but tbat in ao doing he moot take eare to unloose the aaddle-bsg, and iimwcKttbopde^f. The next day it moot duneult to peenede the young mm tint be moat keep etrietly to tbe latter of bis eaummada, and md the Be* aBardosk. His hostess fait, it n tme,eome enotpenetiene ; bat, as abe nlusd bar haahand'a life before tbat of her wit**, abe naotmd tint (fee Seam si ell bawne should be destroyed; but ao fang ae be remans! in the house ana did not dan meddle with than. When tbe tune for departure htM,H- young people took an uneatiaaato tboagh aeeret lean of each otter, and theeasaher, gmteul far the oppartunay atferded mm of enritimimg fan ioamer, vest forth to Us doom. meoUman, Cbratopbcr, aapporiog bom the terror of hu uuauess that Ae young man, no leasthan bu letter*, man enemy to fan iniiln'a family, not only gaaded (he carriage into die mod, but mdino enort to sere tbe luitirUinaU camber who was ineide it, and therefore had no chaaot of escape. He end ha letters perished together; and «w story goes an to aay that, n- snoe, the figure of tbe esralier may be «n and beard in tbe fatal condor, and alee in the room where his secret mission was djawrcna and hu fate sealed; flat often the carriage as lmwd to drim op the namt to the mot where the calaaUMube eeearred -UaaU in las tagis death, (CbKJm&d; aa oar aext ) 