CONCERT AT BROADFORD. On Monday evening last an entertainment in aid of the funds of the Kilmore Hospital, was given in the Broadford State-schoolroom, the building being crowded with a well dressed and very respectable looking audience, most of whom during the evening manifested the warmest approval of the performers' exertions. Soon after the advertised hour-eight o'clock-the entertainment was opened by a solo on the piano by Mr. Caflish, who presided at the instrument during the evening with considerable ability. Next followed the duet 'All's Well," by Messrs. Smith and Fothergill, both of whom per- formed their respective parts efficiently, whilst Mr. J. K. Kelly's comic song, "Odd Man's Out," created laughter-Mr. Chas Collier's song, Moun- tain Self," being creditable. Mr. G. M. Burton, who also did effective service as stage manager, gave a concertina solo with an effect such as to suggest it was not the first time he appeared publicly. Mr. Fothergill then rendered "The British Lion" rather pleasingly, and this was followed by the laughable farce " Four O'Clock Train," the principal parts in which, the Gentleman of the House and Mr. Jemmy Johnson, were ably sustained by Messrs. J. H. Kelley and W. Smith-Mr. Callish doing the '"Ghost" business. After a short interval, Mr. Kelly rendered the comic song "Polony Sausage Boy," creating a deal of amusement. This was followed by the "Bay of Biscay by Mr. Collier. The duet "Matrimonial Squabbles," by Mr. Burton and a lady amateur (Mrs. chave) created much fun, as did also a comic song by Mr. Smith. Mr. Burton's rendering of "The Woolf" and a comic song by Mr. George de Thours were also appreciated. After another brief interval the farce of the " School and Spelling Bee" was gone through, Messrs. Kelly, Knott, Smith and Cameron, sustaining the principal parts, the school boys being filled up by Messrs. Bidstrup, Cleworth, Ross, Holwell, Aitkin, and Fothergill. This farce was rather amusing, creating uproarious laughter. The whole entertainment was conducted in a manner which commended itself highly to the audience, and it reflected in a most creditable manner upon the efforts of Messrs, Smith, Kelly, and others, the first named gentleman in particular being chief organiser. To Mrs. Savage too, some meed of praise is due for her kindness in placing her pianoforte at the disposal of the performers. The Kilmore Hospital must benefit to the extent of £10 by the disinterested exertions of Messrs. Smith, Kelly and others, who deserve to be highly complimented for the trouble and expense they went to in the cause of charity.. Mr. Burton announced that probably the next enter- tainment would be on behalf of the mutilated boy Thos. H. Smith. 