Notes of :a Vacation", Tour in Hew Zealand CTW J / r-i- - 'TcONTEtrUBD.] j nor/ ' - Though sluggards deem it but a foolish chase« !T And marvel mea should quit their easy chair, l'he toilsome way, and lone, long league to brace. Ob 1 tbere is sweetness In tbe mountain air. And life, tba* bloated ease can never hope to share. WEiniNGTOH is pleasantly situated by the "shere o the sounding sea," built in a somewhat similar waj and remindieg us of Ventnor, in the Isle of Wight, 01 account of the hieb, encircling range of hills at the bid of the town, and rising abruptly close to the shore, th debris forming a hind of "undercliff" on whioh th town is mainly built. In our opinion Wellington is fa from being unpicturesque, though much decried by it neighbours, whose envy, perhaps, its rapid rise to pros perity has excited. Its central position on Gook's Strai would of itself give it importance, to which the transfe; of the seat of government (a sore grief to the denizen: of Auckland) bas added. The houses are mostly sub stantial buildings, though built of wood on account oj the shocks of earthquakes, which have given warningi not to be disregarded. Looking southward, the hills 01 the opposite side of the Straits may be seen, and th« various drives into the surrounding country are singu larly varied in their beauty, and in this respect Wei lington has no rival among the cities of New Zealand. We left Wellington for the port of Lyttleton, taking our passage in one of the fine new boats which perfora the coastal service of New Zealand with such regularity and despatch. We started at noon, and passing rapid!} along the south-east coast, towards evening arrived opposite the mighty peaks of the Kaikoura ranges, which rise in three distinct tiers, running nearly paral- lel with the coast, the furthest off being the loftiest, the serrated and broken tops being snow-clad throughout the year. One of the loftiest and most conspicuous peaks is called the " Looker-on," from the form of the crowning pinnacle of rock, whioh resembles a vast soli- tary figure looking out cold and silent on the passers-by o'er the blue Pacific, " keeping watch all round, and. though inanimate, speaks." We do not hesitate *o say that on a fine summer's day the »ail along the Kaikoura ranges ÍB unsurpassed even by tbat a long tho Maritime Alps and the Mediter- ranean ; the rays of the declining sun throwing a mellow radiance over the vast slopes of forest green, and tinging the distant tops of the rugged peaks, stretching away in endless succession, streaked with snow, And now they change ; a paler shadow strews It's mantle o'er the mountains ; parting day Dies Uko the dolohin. whom each pang imbues With a new colour, as it gasp« away, The last still loveliest, till-'tis gone-and all is gray. Next morning early we arrived at Lyttleton, which exhibits the usual characteristic of the seaport towns of the Middle Island in being surrounded by high hills ; the contour of those facing one entering the harbour bear a rude resemblance to the human profile turned up to the sky. No less than seven European celebrities are said to be here perpetuated in a form " more lasting than marble." The most striking of these popular fancy has relegated to that national hero who broke the sceptre of Napoleon. There is now communication by rail between the port and the rich plains of Canterbury, (with Otago) forming the granary of New Zealand ; a high hill intervenes, composed of the hardest rock, through whioh a tunnel costing nearly half a million leads to the plainB, on which, a few miles from the port, Christchurch is built; in the number and variety of leafy Euglish trees, clear running streams, and hand- some buildings, reminding one of a thriving English country town in the agricultural districts. .A line of rail extending 100 miles to Timaru, and thence the coach and rail, connect Christchurch with Dunedin, by land. The plains for many miles are J covered with " the bearded grain." So rich is the land, and suitable the climate, that over eighty bushels per sore have been obtained in these provinces, and the average normal yield is over twenty. From Lyttleton to Port Chalmers, the chief seaport of Otago, is about fifteen hours' steaming by «ea. Prom the port a railway runs «long the shore of the inlet to Dunedin, the largest and most prosperous town-in New Zealand, originally a Scotch colony, as the name indi- cates, and o wi ncr its nos'tion tn th« An/3ii*;nr» _ flo characteristic of that nation, though the exclusiveness in which Dunedin as well as Christchurch were founded has long passed Away, In both these cities natural tenden- cies have prevailed, and the elements are now " well mixed," as the old poet sings Si naturam furea expellas, tamenusque reenrret. The streets, and especially the churches, in Dunedin will bear com- parison with any in these colonies. À wise policy haB dictated the reserve of a wide belt circling the town, and abounding in the shrubs and ferns so characteristic of the vegetation of New Zealand. Dunedin poBsesnes a population of over 20,000, and is by far the most {(DpulouB and busy of the New Zea and towns. The eBtu ry at the head of which the town ia situated might be deepened so far as to admit vessels of large size; several schemes have been propounded with this object, bub are abandoned or deferred, for want of capital The main body of the town is grouped in a long,- narrow, semi- circular band (of which Princess-street is the centre;, around the bay, the back-ground being formed of lofty grass-clad billi*, with the bel of re servo before alluded to ; around these hills there are some fine drives, of which that along the range running towards Port Chalmers and "The Camp," the magnificent residence of J. M. Larnaek, M.H.H., one of the lately- elected members for Dunedin, ÍB the favourite. From Dunedin there are three routes to tue Southern Lakes, which should be visited, if possible. There is the north^route, by Palmerston ; the south road by rail to Tokomairiro, called Toko by the natives for short noRfl-. und the route from Toko bv JUCDO , v-w- w Invercargill, and thence to Kingston by coaoh and rail, this being the longest of the three, bat lea« tiring sinoe much of the journey is done by rail, for which reason we pref em d it, return- ing by the south road. Fr»r comfort alone, it ÍB better to start and return also by Invercargill, ns the rail goes within about 80 miles of Kingston at the south ena of Lake Wnkatip. j As wo leave Dunedin we run through many miles of I -the yellow grain, uutil Toko is roached ; then we take j coaoh, and cultivation diminishes rapidly. Wo come «¡pon the fertile valley of the Mataura, the richest laud perhaps in Otago. Here we are relieved again by the train, and then pass through much fine cultivation to Invercargill, which we reach late at night, having started at seven in the morning. Invercargill is the only town in the Island which-we left without regret. It was Sunday, a day in that city sacred to gloomy meditation, if one might judge from the " dour" Caledonian countenances around ; added to which, the water at our hots!, said to be the best in the place, was simply execrable, being saturated with or- ganic matter, from which we Buffered untold agonies. The province of Southland was formerly included in Otago, but, inspired by that flame which has consumed so many " mightier heroes of a longer date," the daring spirits of the province threw off the yoho and obtained separation, but were singularly unfortunate in self government. After selling millions of acres of the best land in the province, in an evil moment they in- vested the proceeds in a vast wooden pier extending out into the river, which is here very shallow, and fur- ther out a vant succession of mud flats, in the hope of attracting the trade from the port at The Bluff, 20 miles lower down. This ambitious scheme brought as great ruin on the contrivers as Cannas did to Hannibal. They expected fleets of ships in the river; but, instead DUNEDIN, NEW ZEALAND. of wharves all alive with busy labour, one sees but streets almost deserted, and the quay sinking fast into ruin. One miserable wherry alone ventured up the channel, and paid tho penalty duo te rashness, being wrecked in the passage. At the time of our visit the town was Buffering much from the depression in trade due to over-speculation. The ohiof subject of talk at our hotel was the insol- vency of an iugenious trader, lately arrived, who, it i seems, obeyed to the letter the scriptural injunction, " Ye were strangers, and I took you in.'1 I The railway is completed to within thirty miles of Kingston, at the southern end of Wakatip, and this is by far the easiest route to the Lakes. After getting into the mail coach, the road lies along the valley lead- ing up to the lake, between hills which rise into moun- tains and grow more broken and precipitous as we pro- ceed, till the scenery becomes thoroughly Alpine in its character. As we pass into the mouth, far away, look- ing west over the great plain which the Oreti drains, we oatch a glimpse of the mighty snow-capped range which borders the west coast. Further on, here and there, through openings in the valley, some of the lesser giants of the north-west Those silent pinnacles of ancient snow dazzle the eye. At length, about sunset we came sud- denly on Wakatip, shining and' beautiful, of a clear- ness and depth of colour not surpassed by Geneva, mistress of lakes, and wedged in by frowning battle- ments of sheer rock, shooting up into the sky to a height of 9000 feet, and at the head of the lake skirted hy glaciers. The beetling cliffs of "The Remarkables" are unrivalled for their precipitous grandeur even in Switzerland itself. The lake is sixty miles long, with an average breadth of about two. Like the Swiss lakes, it has every ap pearance of having been out out, in the long past ages ! of the glaoial period, hy the action of a vaBt glacier, which han left indubitable proof of its existence in a remarkable terminal moraine at Kingston. It would thus seem that the cycle of frost in the northern had its counterpart in tho southern hemisphere. Like the Swiss lakes too, Wakatip is of great depth, all attempts to bjttom i.t having proved unavailing. It lies 1000 feet above the sea, and is fed by tho melting of snows and glaciers, its outlet being by the river Kawarau at ] Queenstown, whioh is very prettily situated at an anglo ' half way up the lake, to which there is access by a gmalí steamer. Kingston consists net? of bat two or" three houses, and is but the ghost of its former self; owing its decline to the falling off of the gold mining,' for this ÍB the centre of the famous gold mines of Otago; which extend all along the valley of the Clutha. Queenstown possesses some hundreds of inhabitants', and one of the best hotels in New Zealand, at which guides and horse* can be procured for excursions to the mountains and lakes in the vicinity; these lakeB aro very accessible, and though smaller are not lens beauti- ful than Wakatip. Amidst tho ruin of many once famed fields, Queenstown has survived the gold fever, and is supported chiefly by the magnificent timber forests whioh cover the mountain slopes at the head of the lake, and also by agriculture, for here, as in Cali- fornia, after the lawless army of miners have vanished "to seek fresh fields," the peaceful sewer comes, "and will in following, bless." As we leave Queenstown and pass down the valley of the Clutha, for nearly 200 miles the efforts of tnese in- defatigable werkmen to tear the shining metal from the bowels of the bard earth are more and more conspicuous. The river banks are burrowed and turned up in all directions, while along the mountain side races are cut, extending in ene instance, they say, for 40 miles. At a few favoured localities the mining industry is still carried on with success, but in most it has declined, the once-fluBhed races have dwindled to Stony channels in the sun, the ring of the pick and shovel is heard no longer, and of that busy host of stalwart men that spread along the banks of the rushing Clutha, the greater part have doubtless passed "to where beyond these voices there is peace." The rooks in whioh the gold is found seem to be of the old Silurian series, traversed by quartz veins, in whioh the preoious metal is deposited The strata are upheaved, and usually dip at a largo angle, the gold in the river drift being derived from the debris of these. Along the Clutha, as in nearly all the river valleys in New Zealand, luccessive terraces of very level and re- gular formation are to be seen, indicating the former river levels. Before leaving the Clutha, we must not forget to warn the tourist that this road is the dustiest we ever travelled on, and the inns are the most wretched in our experience. It is said that Trollope, when travelling here, was compelled to choose the worBt time of the year, the cold months, for bis journey; and as he wa* retiring to rest at one of these inns, overheard the landlord, who occupied the next room, remark to his spouse, "Well, that is Trol- lope, is he? what a d-d fool he must be to come here in the winter kime." With this sage observation the veteran novelist ÍB said to have agreed. On these goldfields the "heathen Chinee"has planted himself, as elsewhere, and in some places almost dis- pos ie? sed the original owner. On arrival at Dunedin, we took leave of our good friends there, and secured a passage to Melbourne. After incurring the^usual penalties and paying the for- feit, for "the sea-gods were athirst,' and we had an unusually rough passage. We arrived at our destina- tion, feeling as we left New Zealand that " one more dream of life was ended," but cherishing the memory of much kindness-of images of grandeur and beauty, j The wonder-works of God and Nature's hand. 