? valuable pqwuj K aitmJen batcten Forest end Vie* sixeeta. To A* &nuer; sbeet it has a frontage of 133&, sad to the latter 65ft, with & nod depth at S4Q&, CUVmiig an UTEfe flf Armujuiirtimi fjf an BOG. Since TTE PUN^UTSE BE F^rti'm by Mr Jda fise^ tfaednndiul have undertime a wmplfte feneration. He bnilding is id wood, in dimeoQoaiE ISO x 50, end is bmh: on ibe most approved principles. The floor £BDS wiwaiimiHj Umrd the east end, which gives pBTBacs in tbe rear of the church an ample opportunity for seeing end besting tbe Ibe seats BR eBi on tbe sesni-csrcnlBr mdiod, iesring two aisles, e&ch; iour end a. ball feet vide. Tbe interim- of the dmdi IE very pretty. It Innuetly nonsirtinfl of sained and varnished boards. These have lately been Sued, fsoed, jntaapoed, and drawn out in imitation if stone. Tbe windows ere tastehilly snrronnded with various tinted STODGE; doe Btrentitm FAIRII^ beat paid so lbs blending of tbe h&efi;, tbe yfT-p^ is plenin^. Ac tie cest ^ large and giacdul arch has beesi farmed, outlined with stones, relieved with interiorly with dsri dudiig until pste vhile is approached. At tbe top of tbe sab is a samiwri nndsr, symbolizing tbe " bnming bosh." Below 4b j^it Its construction g ample and dmmt, more ttttennon hating been paid to tbe nsefnl tbiin the anoBJnenUil- It is consmcled of polished cedar, mounted ^ crimson velvet end bancing*. Tbe ceiling is cariondy farmed into circles, which cbsded BED, pive them TBE appearance of recesses Ibe remainder of tbe chimb is panwl is laTenller and blue, Altbooph tie intBrioa- of tbe cjoreh is nndi improved, and weais an exceedinfrly amfon&ble; and cheerfnl aspect, tbe facade k plain. A large donble porch with three doors serret as sn entrance. Tbe pronnd sniroandiiig tbe dwrdi has, efter a deal oi trouble, been levelled, overs t&onsand; loads o! earth and loam having been carted to £11 up. Tbe p m d is now ready for planting; in s tew yeas die trees will tarwa a pleasant frlmfle, end add to the beantj of tbe gronnd. The man8B is very commodions, cemented wiibost, and plastered with in. It contains fourteen rooms. Under tbe bands of die masons sad pnmw gnu dm^es have been irtongbL. Siesss fiods and Co. scpplied tbe fiimffitingfi- which are of die best description. Tbe conies, carpels, and little eUNem matcb essdij. The property originally belonged to Mr Helm, hamster. This gentleman spared BO exeijjense in midgug it a tboron^b " city residence," Tbe Sev T. £. acttpied and has been installed tbe permanent pastor ot tbe church. Tbe church is now under good management, end it nay be expected that tbe work will proceed successhilly—Independent. A GHOST STOKT.—A ghost has made its appearance (says ibe Gedong Advertiser}, in the onion district cf Beliarwe- A wellknown resident, on returning borne from Ponarlingtan a few evenings ego, somewhere in tbe small boors, saw as be approached his nsdebce what to him appeared to be die figure of s woman in sn erect axtitnde, but motionless. Soind the bead of tbe spirit was a dim halo, whicb los&ed; enpenmtnral, sad ibe features bore a strong resemblance to those cf a young laoy o! the district, who, unfortunately for thesdrocates of Spiritism, is still living. With die courage of his raw, be mule towards her t^jiriuiiip, and was about to ask die reason oi so late s visit, when, to his smazanent, tbe fiffure proved tebes " Wtifa;," fir it the onion fields into utter darkness. Hie onion-grower, on miiig dtis, coot to his beek, and was soon safe Itiside a boiled door, but so overcome with the fright that he swooned sway—a rimnnsiwnrf that to him sever occsnsd before. Tbe ghost has censed great enatanent in the loaalitT- A watch will no donbt be isstitnted, end ray likely some """fa"" will lie introduced is is order to ascertain, if possible, tbe object oi this visit inn tbe spirit Jssd. Tbe lady wbmn the naiaUed bas become very serious, ssd tbe sopemtitions expect vainpdiing swfsl to happen stedy. 33be fert nnnda- «t flie Qneemhuil HiansnllDiE (gempiUtM. Xt mnc out to be foil of e^-nm^ •Trfl dtr^l**^"" beoiaSeSts tJie&st.; 