THE DAY HAS DEPARTED, THE WORLD IS AT REST. The d- y has departed, tbe world is at rest, For a -vac: bave the trials of life passed away : The glittering sun listhdeclinrd in tie weft, * Atid tbe g. ddess ? f night is now holding her sway. Tho waves of ti e orean, with mmmuring roar, S^eai to echo Via \o'ces of f-ome far-off land, A-th y break with a musical splash on the i-hore, Aud sweep tbe white surf o'er the glistening Band. lioTolt 1 have listen d wita feelings oi dread To tbemjin of the asters, that wonderful sound \Y bi h seems, as it speaks, like a voice from tbe dead, To incrcasi tho tranquility re:gning at o und. 'Tig then that my ef/irit so laden with suirow, With a Borrow tbat there eh* 11 r- main to the last, Forgets the hard battle for life on tbe morr.w, As it live3 in the joys and the bliss of the past. And now aa I gaze on the teiut'ful sob, Acd hark to tliat iniphiy j et whip] er;ng ton11, lies' e-nes - f my youth ate awakened m tnr, Anl 1 -cem once aga:n w ith the dtar o: a; at hnnir — Willi tho dirlings who o vo: Cr« I ro^ seem t' h par, 'Mil the roar ol th ocean and da=h of the sp:ay, .And wh te W' 11-kn ;\vn forms in the mconlip.ht appear Like !tp r-?)ic.= of joy thnt has vaiii.-bed away. United in childhood by fi ] til love, We dreamed n tof par tint;, we thought not .-.f p.iiu ; For the harmony seem d, like tbe hraven alrnv, 'i o / holy nnd pure to be torn in twain. Like i-e ds in the pod, wo were many yet o;;p, And though cach lit'le Kiul h d a M#* of its own, Yet, be ft ve the bard strife of the wi ill was begun, Though separate still, yet we sermed not alone. Tint eow all is changed, and the dear ones have fled F'Otn my home far away o'er the billowing' tea, And naught now rema ns but the ghosts of the dead To n call that dear season of childhood to me. Ah ! crushed is in. soul with its burthen of g-ief, Ani longs my s id sp rit from earth to take wing ; Forthe bout that is brolen stall ne'er find rel ef, Save when -?e ith shall a draught of oblivion bring'. Sydney, December '23, 1870. O. 