WITH. WHIQI is IS IICOaPORATED THIn . €PORTLAND Lplel*a." To Protect our: Rights - Not to Isfringe upon those of Others. TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1877. THE ELECTION FOR NOR MANBY. THe remarkable modesty of the owner and reputed editor of the Cole raine Albion shows to great advantage in the leading article of the 5th ,ist., when discussing " the arrant folly of so * many Liberals pursuing the polloy of "opposing one another" in the contest for Normanby. The Albion snys: " Up till yesterdsy afternoon it was gener ally expected in Coleraine that either Mr. lenty or Mr. lHughes would not nominate, but those expectations were rudely dispelled by the names of the candidates in question being posted up at the place of nomination by the deputy returnlng officer. It is not our intention to review to-day. the merita or demerits of the several candidates. What we would now call attention to is the arrant folly of so many Liberals pursuing the suicidal policy of opposing one another. A. matters stand at peetent there are three Pro teetionlsts stadding against two Freetrader,. One of these febetradere, its well known, will secure the tIstpart of the qutatting vote, while the. other,.'should hie go to the poll. will very lIkely me oin for the " ruck," and a small portion odtlie smaller sheepfurmers. Of the otheer thrbi'one. althlouglh describing himself a grasibr, and a partner, we believe, in a statoloi:he'sfot the nnoce donned pro tection tolourn. "Naturlly enoulgh his can didature his beon' viewed with dlatrlet by a number of 'tibe?lectors, who, although Iper haps approving of imany of Mr. MluP!taraon's polItical opinlons,!do not believe hininto be sincere, kan toindhiado he Iha eltered the IIsts to " cut down thl?ruhnting," to tie a sportfng phrase, foro~u'ne holding very different oplnions toulitdhell. 'The inxt, Mr. Hlughs, and tihea l natlr make utp hid mtlid, holds similar oplnious to Mr. lytlherleigh, save that his views are not no modernle, and neither at Coleraine, Catertont or Sandfllfl can be said to e popular. IJdeed, it was currently re ported yesterday that ho experienced some slight difoeulty in getting the requlsieo num ber of illnatures of electors attachel to Ile nomination paper, and the general opinion appjars to b9 that while hp cu ha?e but little hope cf being suEcessful, his candidature if persevered in t may be thel means ofdlsplclng the Very ote wrlitm, he himself wrould vote for I were he not cntestlng. Let us hope that he ; I wll tabs the eunnsel of his friends, and not split the Liberal vote. Itoe hasthe cause at heart, and it he desires to tssist that cause; as we believe he does, the best support he can Sgive it at the forthcoming election is to retire itl favor of the local candidate, who was the frat in the Sold, who is better knowu to the electors of the county, and whose claims are greater, and whose generul views are muchl more comioendable.' It will be seen how modestly the AIblon disposes of three out of the five candidates, SnQILs, HsNTr, and MoPnl?eson, till the field is narrowed. to Mr, TrTnsEREntao. and Mr. HUGHES , who holds similar opinions (ghost of "HoMaeR l) to Mr. TrTHERLEIGII, save " that his views are not so moderate." Now if the Albion had stated that Mr. HUones does not trim so cleverly as Mr. TYTRnEIGttoI, the assertion, judg ing from the published speeches of both, would be entitled to some credit, neither is the moderation of which Mr. TrTHnRnLEln boasts of a clhracter to command the votes of those electors interested in ' ths branch line from Branxholmo 'to Cnaterton. In the case of Mr. HoonGE theore is no compromise, for Normaniby he will advocate the branch from Branxliolme to Ciateoton, and no other; Mr. TYTHERLEIxGH in his moderation,or rather" indifferenceto the clalims of the farmers of Merino, Sandford, Casterton, Coleraine, the farmers of the Glenelg and Wannon, will vote for what is McCULLocCt's line from Warrnambool and Belfast to Hawkesdale, and so on through Hamilton and Coleraine ; if that is not carried, then Branxholmo to Cas terton rather than noline at all. Now we apprehend, as before stated in the Guardian, there is no backbone in Mr. TYTHnnLEIon's policy, whilst professing liberality his liberalism is to be decided by what will pay best. The only real representative of what is called "Loyal Liberalism" in the field for Normanby is Mr. E. F. HuonEs, and if the electors want a ro presentative with pronounced views, the contest should lie, as a Branx holme correspondent suggests, between HUGHEss and HENTY, the respective champions of Protection and Free Trade, but, both agreed on the neces sity of the branch line of railway from eBraoxholme to Casterton. Mr. TITHICRLEIGO is a young man, and it' will take some years yet to mature his views on politics ; Mr. TrTaERLEIon contested the previous election as opposed to payment of members, he is now In favour of pay ment, time will still further modify his politics, and we believe it would be un safe to trust him with the political suffrages of Normanby till his prin. ciples are better matured. If Mr. TYTRKrEIG?O is not desirous of split ting tihe Liberal vote, ihe will at once retire from. the contest, which should unquestionably rest between the candi dates named as representing Protection and Freetrade. The electors of Nor manby, if patriotic, will select two out of the five candidates, and concentrate their votes on the two to be chosen, and not scatter them amongst the five. The party whlih concentrates its vote on one candidate, no matter who, will succeed; the party which divides, even though a majority in the county, will. be defeated. The following telegram from the Secretary of the National Reform League shows that the members of that organisatian support the candidature of Mr. Huokhls as op'posed to'Mr. TTxaLer.LtoE, anti if the Liberal party in Normanby wish to have a representative, they should conoentrate their voles on Huones. The following is the telegram to which reference is made:- " Melbourne, 30th April, 1877. "To William Layley, Esq., Sandford, Please destroy any telegram concerning Tytherlesigh. Council met this day ant unanimously decided to support Hughes. Induce Tytherleigh to withdraw. James Mlirams, 41 Collins street east." Now that the " arrant. folly" of Liberals opposing oneanother iselearly shown, it is to be hoped the electors will not follow the " suicidal" example, but concentrate their votes on one only Liberal candidate. 