" MR. BOLTON AT ROTHEEGliEN. Me. IL Bolton addressed o crowdod meeting of. "electors at Rutherglon on Tuesdny . riiglit last -.'. Mr. -, Joseph Pearc'e occanied tho' chair, and briefly.. introduced the candidate to the meot ing. ":- Mr; Bolton; on rUing,- wns received with much applause. Ho was glad to see so many, of the. electors present, as it proved they took an interest in the struggle which was obout ' to.take place, ahd which . was likoly to he. an qvont in tbo, political history of : the colony; .Ho uelioved that with many candidates -thero was, too much-trim ming and . too much sitting on a rail; so to Bpeakiin olectiPhoering matters; but Buch an action brought its own reward when tho ballot box was ap proached. He would not' delay hut would at once proceed with tho matter iii hand.;' , In :tlie beginning ho would liot try'to justify oit.lier the ironhand or Btonhwall policies. They were thing of the past, and the. gnost of them won not liltoly to ho rnispd again. Ho would hot deal In promises' of: an extravagarit kind, hut what promises ho would make were likely to bp better carriod ou't'thrin tlie promises of those vyho -'. prinmised ' more Hjbornllys The dutioB of a representative wero two fold. . Tn the first place he wouUV havo to givo expression to opinions' upon ' important public matters, and also to demand what his constituents woro justly "ontitled. to. Tlio first quostiori to which - ho' would dovoto hie attention wan, that, of Land. Law Reform. ' Ho wished the territory to fall to tho farmors aqd small holders. Land Law Reform, lie heliovod, would be one of the principal questions when tho noxt Parliament meots, "nrid, nn Sir Charles Gavan: Duffy said at .Sale the other day " This surely will ho the battlo flold of partios." ' Our pakt legislation upon . :thb question has only succeeded in erecting that mono poly which is such o harrier to tlio progress , of the colony. (Cheers.) Tlio limited area allowed, together with monopoly just roforred to, drove tlio 'Victorian sottlors toi Now South "Wales. To TQmedy its; dofeots' ho would ho in favor of .oxtonding tho area to, 640 aorps, and-whoro thp land was not first class ho.would.not mako cultivation . a condition, hut .would allow tho ' selector to improve ai ho thought, "best. "Wlion a selector had proved- his lonn JM? lio ought not" he Crtihpalied to reside on tho area, but, still, the absurd regulation that was made a precedent by Mr. Casey, "that a man' who resided wiriiin five miles chould.be considered a resident" was too great a farce to bo telorated, as it Would only tend to tho increas ing tho area hold by tho monopolists. To -obvinto . any dofocts. which might ariso by the oxtonsiou of tho residence clauso no would oxtoiid tho occupation to -ton years; as that would .'tend largely to provant dtimmyism, for the reason that no one would enter upon land, as a-dummy, and reside upon it -for so long .a poriod. Connoctcd with land matters was the establishment of Agricultural Colleges and Experi- mental Farms,, both of which ho was in favour of. Ono at least, ho (thought, should be erected in the centra of each large agricultural area throughout 'the colony and although no immediate benofit would ho gained it would tend to benefit .futurity. They had a largo amount of waste lands in tHe colony which ought to he utilised, and ho would ho in favor' of allowing thorn to be leasod under tho system similar to that in force in Now South Wales, which wonld allow tho combination of farm ing with grazing. When tho squat ting leases expire in 18S0 tho Govern ment should tako into further con sideration the extreme' desirability of giving moro facilities to'tho settlement of the pcoplo. upon tho land thus throws open. (Hear, hear.). Re garding tne very vexed question , of taxation it did not seem to him to bo dosorving of so much importance as was givon to it. Ho granted that a revenue woo necessary Dut it was the duty of Parliament to find tho best way of raising it. It was laid down by tho mPBt eminent authoritios that tno fairest means, was tp tax a man in proportion to his means. (Cheers.) So that a man with £10,000 would have to par moro than ono with £5000 a yoar. This systom hnd not boon carriod out hitherto as tho poor man bad not only boon paying his own sharo bnt thoy had also been contrib uting a portion of tho sharo of the lords of many acres. (Cheers.) Ho would, thoreiore, ho in favor of a land tax, but before imposing it, would have the land classified into first, second, and third class lands, as it would ho unfair to tax a man who' owned land around Rutberglen, whoro it 'was comparatively barren, tho samo as a man who owned land'in tho "Western district of Victoria, (Loud ehoers.) Ho would omit from taxation from 640 acres downwards, at tho least, in first-class land; A man with a family could not live on less than that, and it was. undesirable to woigh down with taxation tho man who, above all others, Bhould be al lowed an unrestrioted power of operations;- (Oheors.) . In socond- clasB land, ho would omit from 1000 acres downwards, and, in- third-class land, .from 1300" acres downwards, from taxation, but tho tax should (not lie fixed until tho country had a say- in tho Aiattori -Thoro was.another. consideration in connection with large landholders which was deserving of close" nttentiipn,1"imd that was, tho no- , coss'ity of taxing absentees, Ho did not seo' why thoso who drew princely incomes from the colony and resided abroad should oscapo defraying a fair share of -the colonial taxation. Ho pointed out that tho proprietors of the Argus, for instance, drew about £40,000 annually from tho colonies, and paid nothing in return, boeauso thoy. lived- -elsewhere. ; During tho last session, 8ir James M'Cuiloch proposed a house !nnd". property tax, and a tdxnppn improvements. That tax would have worked unequally, nnd it was no wonder . that it was re; jeeted. His house tax was also un just, as tho : taxation- would, havo fallen- bftcnor. upon tho tenant than, upon the landlord. He (the spoakor) would oppose anything, like that Bub-, mittod last session (e1ioora),hut would support what ho had previously said —namely, a tax- which would fall evenly and mako-wealth contribute in proportion to tho incomes, derived. (Laud"cheors.) Then; 'hnviiig -raised the reyonne fxoni other- sources, they, would bo in a position to do away- with tho duties upon tho nooessaries of life, OUch as too, Bugar, coffoo,. So. Thero wore also : many other . things, upon tho . list; which oould well he dis pensed with,: with advantago to .tho trade and to tho community also j hut he would not tako off such duties; as would affect thoso who" had embarked their capital through the imposition of the duties (.referred to." (Hear, hear.) : It should "he".' tho duty of 'a, Parliament to support tlidso induatries for tho purpose of upholding; its ,to-: BoureoB, and also for. tlio , purposo of providing omploymont . for a' largo numhor of people. (Choort,) In tho matter of railways! ho considered it tho duty of thp Government to proceed . with oxtcnsion, and thus dovolopo tho resourcos of thobountry by bringing tho market to tho doora of itn population. (Hear, hoar.) Hod tho policy of Victoria, as rogardod, railways, been tlio, samo ton years ago 08 it is now, tho colony would havo been ten years more ahead than it is,. . In .America . they. ' .construct' railways into the country, and popu lation follows as a'naturalpon8oqiionee, and so ought- it ;fo bo in jthia '.polony. (Hear, hear.) LaBt BOBBion, Sir -James M'Cuiloch proposed the construction of eortain lines of railway, amongst which: was one .from Hawkbsdalo to AVnrrnamhool, a distance of sevehteon milos. At Hawkpsflale thero wero two or three shanties, a store or two, a blacksmith's shop, and a church; whiloinMoirft thoro wore largo controR of population thoresidehts of whioh had to travel miles and miles before reach ing a railway station;' .Still Sir James M'Cuiloch went in for such a trashy plnco as Hawkoadalo, .- hoenuso. ho might win a'fow. votos by it, arid en- itirely ignored Moira- becauso ho had no votes to get fromi its bohstitnehcy. (Clieqrs.) lio (tho speaker) . would support a lino from" Springhurat to ATaligmiya'n becauso ho -bplieycd (lipt it would open! up a largo: trade with the Rivorina territory ;of; Now South' AValos aiid. tl;u« bo a -'great feeder tn tlio-'-North Eistnrii.'-line, (Cheors.) Our pulley Ion years ago was not tho samo as it is now becauso jboth labor and , matbrial was vastly moro oxponBivo then than it is now, hut it- was u mistake to delay Railway' Extension . Now, anothbr mistake with regard to tlio construction - of lines; was tho maUnor "in" -whioh - the Government ignored vested -Tights,- that is by construetibg a lino of rail way and loading it miles away from tho town it iB- intended .to improve; only for tho reason that by taking it"' direct to the town a few moro thous and poundB would be involved. . Sab, more , was on oxamplo of this. He would oppose such a system. (Cheers.) In regard to payment of members, ho would opposo it as an unnecessary tax on the country! Payment of members had cost tho country about £180,000 and no corresponding benofit had boon recoivod. Instead of having better men in Parliament, they boa o lot of broken down professionals who cared not as long as they could draw thoir monthly salaries rogiilarly. Thero was no district in. tho colony, ho be lieved, but what could find a man pos-. sosBod with snfficiont capital, zoal, and ability . to roprosont, bis con stituency for nothing. (Lond- cheors.) If thby want to pay their members ana givo something that would mako thorn attend regularly, lot thom adopt some thing libo tho South Australian system, when thoy pay each Minister £2 2s. whoa Aa is present at hit seat. (Loud cheers, and a voico: "They're no good when they got to their Boats.") with regard to tbo Reform of tho Upper House he thought it most do- sirablo, if only for tno purposo of compelling thom to pass a Mining on Private Property Bill. That descrip tion of a Bill moro directly affocted mombors of tho Uppor Houoo than any other/and! thorofore, tho -deter mined opposition was accounted for. Under present circumstances a candi date must prove his high qualification, but for purposes of reform that quali fication must oithor ho dono away with or reduced. Tho qualification of electors should also bo roducod. (Hear, hear.) Though thoro wob so much necessity for reform in tho Uppor Houso, were tho members all such as the Hon. J. A. "Wallace thoro would bo no need for it at all. (Loud cheors.) In order to carry a propor reform thoro must bo a determined Ministry, bncked by tho country (cheors), nnd whon tho Upper Houso socs that the country is in earnest they wonld not daro'hold out. He (the -spoakor) .was in favor . of a liberal measure to romovj every ob struction to the miner pursuing his avocation on - lands reserved, but known to b.o auriferous, for to' tho mining industry the country was in debted to its position as a country. (Loud cheers.) Regarding emigra tion, he did not think tlio country in a position to import indiscriminately, boeauso they: had not the land to settle thom in. (Hear, hoar.) A limited systoinrwhich would guarantee the; olass of emigrants, would do soma good, and lio would therefore support ii measure of that description. Re specting the new Publicans' -Act, ho thought it wqB passed moro to suit Melbourne' requirements than for the country districts. The. clause which entirely prohibts the sale of liquor interferes somewhat with the -liberty of -tho subject, and should ho done away with (hoar, hear), and tho clause that finoB .'a publican £10 for selling liquor to a man who. 'had not travelled tea milos oir a -Sundav, was unsatis- factory 'in' its' working. He was' in favor , of - opening tho houses a few Hours on Sunday for the. public con venience, qs'ho thought it impossible to make a man.sobor by :Act of Par liament, ; (Cheers. . He was in favor of tho froo and compulsory systom of aducatioh; nnd thought that religion should bo kbpt out of schools alto- gothor. ; (Loud cheorp.) Ho was not in favor of tho present Administra tion, for tho reason that he thought them opposed to - liberal legislation i he was also upposed to Sir James M'Oullobh personally, because he had alljed himsolf with tno. very, men tliat: he hod a short .time previously turned out 'of offico.- (Loud and ' prolonged oheoring.) Sir James M'Cuiloch was 'most anxious, at the time ho turned tho Kerford Government out of office, to relioyb:tho country of -a mass. Of corruption, hut, when lio got into office nimsolf, he took a portion of that corruptiou into his arms. They hod lost their policy in . tho matter of tho Railway .Construction Bill, yet' thoy tenaciously clung 'to offico. ! Thoy withdrew a portion of that policy merely for the. sako of -.(dangling'. it before the oyesof olootorsatthe noxt Parliamorit as(a mbaiis of ciitohing their votes. (Cheara.) Ho had now dealt with tho principal ' items, and would nnswor any questions put to him. Air. Bolton then resumed his seat amid loud and continued cheer ing. Dr. Poolo. nskod if tho M'Cuiloch Administration had not dono' good for tho. country, and, upon receiving n. receiving a reply, was disposed to argue: tho point. " On being requested to sit down, ho became domonstrativo, and inudli noiso rosnlted. After a whilohe l-e-mmod his Boat; hut almost' immediately asked if the stoiiowqllorB had not (done' iniioh " harm" to the country,- . . ..'. V:- . .. ' ' \- ! Mr. 'Dolton said that the action of tho sto-iownllors' was a thing of the East, and its ghost was' not liltoly to e raised. ' . . ; Ivi reply to Mr. Oloorn, tho caii- didato said ho' vi-as in favor of open ing tho puhlio-hou'ses a few, hours on Sunday. .... . Mr/William BufrowoB then moved that Mr. Bolton was a fit and proper porson to ' represent the electorate of Moira in tho. next Parliament. ( ( The motion was socpnd,ed( by Mr, Isaac Oloorn nnd carried. , , Tbo-. usual, -vote of (bqnjcs to ,thq ehalrman." brought the ' mooting ' to n close.: Subsequently a. large and in- fiuontial committco,numberingtbirty- five, was formed, and a mutual pledge given that oncli would ilso every ox- ortion in uucurihg Mr. Bolton's : relilni. -. ; 