THE GHOSTLY RENTAL. I WAS in my twenty-second year, and I had just left college. I was at liberty to choose my career, and I chose it with much promptness. I afterward renounced it, in truth, with equal ardour, but I have never regretted those two youthful years of perplexed and excited, but also of agreeable and fruitful experiment. I had a taste for theology, and during my college term I had been an admiring reader of Dr. Channing. This was theology of a grateful and succulent savour ; it seemed to offer one the rose of faith delightfully stripped of its thorns. And then (for I rather think this had some- thing to do with it), I had taken a fancy to the old Divinity School. I have always had an eye to the back scene in the human drama, and it seems to me that I might play my part with a fair chance of applause (from myself at least), in that detached and tranquil home of mild casuistry, with its respectable avenue on one side, and its prospect of green fields and con- tact with acres of woodland on the other. Cambridge, for the lovers of woods and fields had changed for the worst since those days, and the precinct in question has forfeited much of its pastoral and scholastic quietude. It was then a College-hall in the woods-a charming mixture. What it is now has nothing to do with my story ; and I have no doubt that there are still doctrine-haunted young seniors who, as they stroll near it in the summer dusk, promise themselves, later, to taste of its fine leisurely quality. For myself, I was not disappointed, established myself at a great square, low- browed room, with deep window- benches ; I hung prints from Overbeck and Ary Scheffer on the walls; I arranged my books, with great refinement of classification, in the alcoves beside the high chimney-shelf, and I began to read Plotinus and St. Augustine. Among my com- panions were two or three men of ability and of good fellowship, with whom I occasionally brewed a fireside bowl and with adventurous reading, deep discourse, potations conscien- tiously shallow, and long country walks, my initiation into the clerical mystery progressed agreeably enough. With one of my comrades I formed an especial friendship, and we passed a great deal of time together. Unfortunately he had a chronic weakness of one of his knees, which compelled him to lead a very sedentary life, and as I was a methodical pedestrian, this made some difference in our habits. I used often to stretch away for my daily ramble, with no oompanion but the stick in my hand or the book in my pocket. But in the use of my legs and the sense of unstinted open air, I have always found company enough. I should, perhaps, add that in the enjoyment of a very sharp pair of eyes, I found something of a social pleasure. My eyes and I were on excellent terms ; they were indefatigable observes of all wayside incidents, and so long as they were amused I was contented. It is, indeed, owing to their inquisitive habits that I came in possession of this remarkable story. Much of the country about the old College town is pretty now, but it was prettier thirty years ago. That multitudinous eruption of domiciliary pasteboard which now graces the landscape, in the direction of the low, blue, Waltham Hills, had not yet taken place ; there were no genteel cottages to put the shabby meadows and scrubby orchards to shame-a juxtaposition by which, in later years, neither element of the contrast has gained. Certain crooked cross- roads, then, as I remember them, were more deeply and naturally rural, and the solitary dwellings on the long grassy slopes beside them, under the tall, customary elm that curved its foliage in mid-air like the outward dropping ears of a girdled wheat-shear, sat with their shingled hoods well pulled down on their ears, and no prescience whatever of the fashion of French roofs- weather-wrinkled old peasant women, as you might call them, quietly wearing the native coif, and never dreaming of mounting bonnets, and indecently exposing their venerable brows. That winter was what is called an "open "one; there was much cold, but little snow ; the roads were firm and free, and I was rarely compelled by the weather to forgo my exercise. One gray December afternoon I had sought it in the direction of the adjacent town of Madford, and I was retracing my steps at an even pace, and watching the pale, cold, tints- the transparent amber and faded rosecolour- which curtained, in wintry fashion, the western sky, and reminded me of a sceptical smile on the lips of a beautiful woman. I came, as dusk was falling, to a narrow road which I had never traversed and which I imagined offered me s short cut home- ward. I was about three miles away ; I was late, and would have been thankful to make them two, I diverged, walked some ten minutes, and the perceived that the road had a very un- frequented air. The wheel-ruts looked old ; the stillness seemed peculiarly sensible. And yet down the road stood a house, so that it must in some degree have been a thoroughfare. On one side wss a high, natural embanknent, on the top of which was perched an apple- orchard, whose tangled boughs made a stretch of coarse black lace-work, hung across the coldly rosy west. In a short time I came to to the house, and I im- mediatley found myself interested in it. I stopped in front of it gazing I hardly knew why, but with a vague mixture of curiosity and timidity. It was a house like most of the houses thereabouts, except that it was decidedly a handsome specimen of its-class. It stood on a grassy slope, it had its tall, impartially drooping elm beside it, and its old black wall-cover at its shoulder. But it was of very large proportions, and it had a striking look of solidity and stout- ness of timber. It had lived to a good old age, too, for the wood-work on its door-way and under its eaves, carefully and abundantly carved, referred it to the middle, at the latest, of the last century. All this had once been painted white, but the broad back of time, leaning against the door-posts for a hundred years, had laid bare the grain of the wood. Behind the house stretched an orchard of apple-trees, more gnarled and fantastic than usual, and wearing, in the deepening dusk, a blighted and exhausted aspect. All the windows of the house had rusty shutters, without plates, and these were closely drawn. There was no sign of life about it ; it looked blank, bare and vacant, and yet, as I lingered near it, it seemed to have a familiar meaning-an audible eloquence. I have always thought of the impression made upon me at first sight, by that gray colonial dwelling, as a proof that induction may sometimes be near akin to divination ; for after all, there was nothing on the face of the matter to warrant the very serious induction that I made. I fell back and crossed the road. The last red light of the sun- set disengaged itself, as it was about to vanish, and rested faintly for a moment on the time- silvered front of the old house. It touched, with perfect regularity, the series of small panes in the fan-shaped window above the door, and twinkled there fantastically. Then it died away, and left the place more intensely sober. At this moment, I said to myself with the accent of profound conviction-" The house is simply haunted!'' Somehow, immediately, I believed it, and so long as I was not shut up inside, the idea gave me pleasure. It was implied in the upset of the house, and it explained it. Half an hour before, if I had been asked, I would have said, as befitted a young man who was explicitly cultivating cheerful views of the supernatural, that there were no such things as haunted houses. But the dwelling before me gave a vivid meaning to the empty words ; it had been spiritually blighted. The longer I looked at it, the intenser seemed the secret that it held. I walked all round it, I tried to peep here and there, through a crevice in the shutters, and I took a puerile satisfaction in laying my hand on the door-nob and gently turning it. If the door had yielded, would I have penetrated the dusky stillness ? My audacity, fortunately, was not put to the test. The portal was admirably solid, and I was un- able even to shake it. At last I turned away, casting many looks behind me. I pursued my way, and, after a longer walk than I had bargained for, reached the high-road. At a certain distance below the point at which the long lane I have mentioned entered it, stood a comfortable, tidy dwelling, which might have offered itself as the model of the house which is in no sense haunted-which has no sinister secrets, and knows nothing but blooming prosperity. Its clean white paint started placidly through the dusk, and its vine-covered porch had been dressed in straw for the winter. An old, one horse chaise, freighted with two departing visitors, was leaving the door, and through the undraped windows, I saw the lamp-lit sitting room, and the table spread with the early " tea," which had been itnprovised for the comfort of the guests. The mistress of the house had come to the gate with her friends ; she lingered there after the chaise had wheeled creakingly away, half to watch them down the road, and half to give me, as I passed in the twilight, a question- ing look. She was a comely quick young woman, with a sharp, dark eye, and I ventured to stop and speak to her. "That house down that side-road," I said, "about a mile from here-the only one-can you tell me whom it belongs to ?" She stared at me a moment, and, I thought, coloured a little. " Our folks never go down that road," she said, briefly. " But it's a short way to Madford," I answered. She gave a little toss of her head. " Perhaps it would turn out a long way. At any rate, we don't use it." This was interesting. A thrifty Yankee household must have good reasons for this scorn of time-saving processes. " But you know the house, at least ?" I said. " Well, I have seen it." " And to whom does it belong?" Sbe gave a little laugh and looked away, as if she were aware that, to a stranger, her words might seem to savour of agricultural superstition. " I guess it belongs to them that are in it." " But is there any one in it ? It is completely closed." "That makes no difference. They never come out, and no one ever goes in." And she turned away. But I laid my hand on her arm, respectfully. "You mean," I said, "that the house is haunted ? " She drew herself away, coloured, raised her lips, and hurried into the house, where in a moment, the curtains were dropped over the windows. For several days, I thought repeatedly of this little adrentnre, but I took some satisfaction in keeping it to myself. If the house is not haunted, it was useless to expose my imaginative whims, and if it was, it was agreeable to drain the cup of horror without assistance. I deter- mined, of course, to pass that way again ; and a week later-it was the last day of the year-I retraced my steps. I approached the house from the opposite direction, and found myself before it at about the same hour as before. The light was failing, the sky low and grey ; the wind wailed along the hard, bare ground, and made slow eddies of the frost blackened lesves. The melancholy mansion stood there, seeming to gather the winter twilight around it, and mask itself in it, inscrutably. I hardly knew on what errand I had come, but I had a vague feeling that if this time the door-knob were to turn and the door to open, I should take my heart in my hands, and let them close behind me. Who were the mysterious tenants to whom the good woman at the corner had alluded ? What had been seen or heard-what was related ? The door was as stubborn as before, and my imper- tinent fumblilings with the latch caused no upper window to be thrown open, nor any strange, pale face to be thrown out. I ventured even to raise the rusty knocker and give it half-a- dozen raps, but they made a flat, dead sound, and around no echo. Familiarity breeds contempt I don't know what I should have done next, if in the distance, up the road (the same one I had followed), I had not seen a solitary figure advancing. I was unwilling to be observed hanging about this ill-famed dwelling, and I sought refuge among the dense shadows of a grove of pines near by, where I might peep forth, and yet remain invisible. Presently, the new comer grew near, and I perceived that he was making straight for the house. He was a little, old man, the most striking feature of whose appearance was a voluminous cloak, of a sort of military cut. He carried a walking-stick, and advanced in a slow, painful, somewhat hobbling fashion, but with an air of extreme resolution. He turned off from the road, and followed the vague wheel- track, and within a few yards of the house he paused. He looked up at it fixedly and searchingly, as if he were counting the windows, or noting certain familiar marks. When he took off his hat, and bent over slowly as if he were performing an obeisence. As he stood uncovered, I had a good look at him. He was, as I have said, a diminutive old man, but it would have been hard to decide whether he belonged to this world or to the other. His head reminded me, vaguely, of the portraits of Andrew Jackson. He had a crop of grizzled hair, as stiff as a brush, a lean, pale, smooth shaven face, and an eye of intense brilliancy, surmounted with thick brows, which had re- mained perfectly black. His face, as well as his cloak, seemed to belong to an old soldier ; he looked like a retired military man of a modest rank ; but he struck me as exceeding the classic privilege of even such a personage to be eccen- tric and grotesque. When he had finished his salute, he advanced to the door, fumbled in the folds of his cloak, which hung down much further in front than behind, and produced a key. This he slowly and carefully inserted into the lock, and then, apparently, he turned it. But the door did not immediately open : first he bent his head, turned his ear, and stood listen- ing, and then he looked up and down the road. Satisfied or re-assured,he applied his aged shoulder to one of the deep-set panels, and pressed a moment. The door yielded-opening into perfect darkness. He stopped again on the threshold, and again removed his hat and made his bow. Then he went in, and carefully closed the door behind him. Who in the world was he, and what was his errand? He might have been a figure out of one of Hoffiman's tales. Was he vision or a reality- an inmate of the house, or a familiar, friendly visitor ? What had been the meaning, in either case, of his mystic genuflexions, and how did he propose to proceed, in that inner darkness ? I emerged from my retirement, and observed narrowly several of the windows. In each of them, at an interval, a ray of light became visible in the chinks between the two leaves of the shutters. Evidently, he was lighting up ; was he going to give a party-a ghostly revel ? My curiosity grew intense, but I was quite at a loss how to satisfy it. For a moment I thought of rapping peremptorily at the doors but I dismissed this idea as unmannerly, and calcu- lated to break the spell, if spell there was. I walked round the house and tried, without violence, to open one of the lower windows. It resisted, but I had better fortune, in a moment, with another. There was s risk, certainly, in the trick I was playing-a risk of being seen from within, or (worse) seeing, myself, some- thing that I should repent of seeing. But curiosity, as I say, had become an inspiration, and the risk was highly agreeable. Through the parting of the shutters I looked into a lighted room-a room lighted by two candles in old brass flambeaux, placed upon the mantel shelf. It was apparently a sort of back parlonr, and it had retained all its forniture. This was of a homely, old-fashioned pattern; and con- sisted of hair-cloth chairs and sofas, spare mahogany tables, and framed samplers hung upon the walls. But although the room was furnished, it had a strangely uninhabited look; the tables and chairs were in rigid positions, and no small, familiar objects were visible. I could not see everything, and I could only guess at the existence, on my right, of a large folding-door. It was apparently open, and the light of the neighbouring room passed through it. I waited for some time, but the room re- mained empty. At last I became conscious that a large shadow was projected upon the wall opposite the folding-door-the shadow, evidently, - of a figure in the adjoining room. It waa tall and grotesque, and seemed to represent a person sitting perfectly motionless, in profile. I thought I recognised the perpen- dicular bristles and far-arching nose of my little old man. There was a strange fixedness in his posture ; he appeared to be seated, and looking intently at something. I watched the shadow a long time, but it never stirred. At last, however, just as my patience began to ebb, it moved slowly, rose to the ceiling, and became indistinct. I don't know what I should have seen next, but by an irresistible impulse, I closed the shutter. Was it delicacy ? -was it pusillanimity ? I can hardly say. I lingered, nevertheless, near the house, hoping that my friend would re-appear. I was not disoppointed; for he at last emerged, looking just as when he had gone in, and taking his leave in the same ceremonious fashion. (The lights, I had already observed, had disappeared from the crevice of each of the windows.) He faced about before the door, took off his hat, and made an obsequious bow. As he turned away I had a hundred minds to speak to him, but I let him depart in peace. This, I may say, was pure delicacy ;-you will answer, perhaps, that it came too late. It seemed to me that he had a right to resent my observation ; though my own right to exercise it (if ghosts were in the question) struck me as equally positive. I con- tinued to watch him as he hobbled softly down the bank, and along the lonely road. Then I musingly retreated in the opposite direction. I was tempted to follow him, at a distance, to see what became of him ; but this, too, seemed indelicate ; and I confess, moreover, that I felt the inclination to coquet a little, as it were, with my discovery-to pull apart the petals of the flower one by one. To be Continued. 