r THE hQ*ELi -' It was at the uisoet of a burlisdh August day that I sat on the blatesty' of my hotel in the Crescent City-he Queen City of the Soath-and Io across the hot, foiuis o-Jiko stree " the broad water; of the Gulf, t at selemed betthing i' the ilptb !hd iatboT the ?declining .day. Not a breatý .9f air stirred/l'b6 oppresaive atmosplhere, and a hasy, quivering mist hung-above the city while a silence and.' stillness most unupual, reigned .in the street. And well maightibe so, for an awful visitor ha'dd?ade e ppearancoe in th fated city.- Death had there set up his throne, and pestilence stalked abroad in the ?oo~iday. As 5tk sun sa k a' blood-red. globe ofein ofte:_ ppplrybl , akyn 'toI tliaddsWe lengt?ined ,on the streete,.moro signs ef'.llrtiiegan to' appear; bu, miingled with' th~.lr'ero also sigis 'of ilentlh. Wagons heaped with empty cofitts jarred over the stones, nod vihiolee ladened with the dead crept elowly.on their way to the comoelrie·is Met' wiihWAilrridd ~ltiji Land. anhiloui faced passed without appe?ring to sioe.enah. otherta sadshere and 'there a pole ghost ofli wo4'iin ' l.li ed' swiftly nacross street oraioiiid a" corner .ol'n omb errand for the sick or dead. In the *iilddt- oTiitiO~ficonei anid soiinds I sat, fearless-and-apathetle,-so flr as myself wase oncerned, for death had no terrors, as life possessed no charm for me.' /,Five year. ago I had lo4ed, wth all t~leide~ta i d' intlnsaty of miy palelont ae ydoung nattro, he ooily wawoahal ~ hbid ever.bae ioawer to stir 'sy-srt. W atlldqh', iistlo more than boy and git Whea ;e I f t? slet : tho daegtBlor/of ray 1"r!oicl dnaningmsltor,' and-I the heir of a' proud ind iilthy imily--iend :my frlends 'had consoled themislves: with ' th) .thought'i (hliat, belesa t6 bung, tohe. attanhment would weir ltEdl' t and the dlsgraceful mnallian(eJ bblovented. .Jlut, know 14 io jd1fdir ihes hlovbliiCesbandul pritt' of hl,,aacter:;h i well asL ,it Ilra? lnd benity, time had': only eevd I to ?:inareiide andl : ntensift my passtion. At enioh return hom 6 at my semi.yearly col lege vascations I had' found i her Iotturingj into umore perfectness of lovely and beautifiul young womanrhood, ,nd wlie I at length panted from hoer or mjyhast collegliate session it kWa with'thle promise that slle shoul~ 1be come. my wife on my return. I was already ofage and my own master;and nothlogetood betwengo ua8s-.." fosndly believed. But when I returned; eager to claim m my bride,t she :was gohe gone ,witl' her ifather-leaving no cluo by which she :iight be' trabed. And it was not until' two years of 'wander ing, in my own, country and in Europe, 'thatI at length foinid lher. 'One night ii'.'Paris, I accompanied a friend to the theatre:to see a neo actreis -one with the praises of whose beauty' add talent the city was ringing.: Some thing delayed us, and we ciachd 'the theatrb only'at the c'lose f' the 'lirform. ance. And there, in the slight and graceful but'queenly figure which bowed to the rapturous applause of the iudidndce, I,rcdogilsed Mardie 1 i RbIhdd in satin glittering, with gems, she stood -note eicited ''And flushed with triumph, but pale, and with a calm sad ines 'inl even the smile upon her lips. \- What need to stir up old bitterness and anguish by'relating tbe~rest I She tardime.:all that night, when I rushed half frantic behind.the scenes as the :curtaln fell-told how my [friends. had spoken to her fathor,.remonstrating ppon the inequality of the match' betweeoon his daughter andn a :Delancey, .threatening neper to own .her in the family, and predicting that the mesalliance could enid only in wretchedness to her. The old dancing-master was proud. Hlis blood, he said, was better than theirs; but he was 'not-neeto allow his daughter to intride into a family ~which pro. fossed to look 'down upon hbr; And so he took her away; and when he became seuddenlly palsied,- ani wad:' ith6an in capacitated from earning a living, his daughter' became first -e- ballet-dancer, and then-her 'wondertfil talents and beauty attracting the attention of a fatuous stage-meenpgr-ashe, aftpe aebrief ciiseitste, made her debut 'n tjie French capitsl [itself, and with a success which' took the,. irrepressible Parisians., by storm. 'But here, to escape the persecn. tions! which naturally beset one' hi'her position, and for sake of protection, and partly, also, she confessed, in 'gratitude,' she married the manager who had taken ad"imuch interest in her:" It'was thus that I found hor-marriedand lost to me for: ever. That interview was my last .with Marie.:. Itil-t her jealous hliitifid ,had discovered the secret, never spoken by her lies,hbut -already!stuspccted by him, that her love was another's; and I felt that, if only for her sake, and to secure her against constant surveillance, sue. pici'on, and perhaps untind tmuantouou and salaner, it w t syaduty.to:se "'hei no more., . . "So three more'?ears had pias?d--three long'long years of weariness, in which life: semed .:to: hld: for. me ,iothii?g worth living for. I. ascertiined that litrie's hudbhndll Monsieur I,---, had retired from professional life, and was residipg somewhere in America. This wa six . months ago. I had heard nothing of them since.. 'O.tld the raederi, pnwderataindwhy it wee that I apathetically lingered in the ',plub.strick'eh O\ty when others were 'fying;i,and' where:there was no .tie, to' detain me I ' i; ' -:1 11 '.,Wearied of -the: dismal sights and rounds;,and thireting ifor a .breath of fl-eshl air, I at length left my hotel, and ,witha. lighted cigar strolled slowly down the street out into the suburbs of lbe, diy. Here te street became dt 'into a shanllei avenue, open on one ?lde,: but "int the -other sprnkletI n ith hliuses sdt'inthi" iils l o'f grdirii. oit 'dof theese wer siut n6it fromin the road by a stone wall, above which Ihung tropical foliage and gorgeous flowering shsrubs, loading the air with their heavy p6erfume. ' As Ipassed the gate of odeo' orthese, a grotpl of several persons came forth and were asoosted by one who had just. hurriedly passed me. liy ear seemed to catch mechani allyl tlio' words spoken in an abrupt but solemn 4oneo dii ' DeChaletreis ,depd., \CAholeraI' \IIoro;thoen .alrnp; withot5I lo hoeated city, and on the verge of green fields bordering the river, had the grim petilenice intruded. 'The twilight had faded into dark sinessd a full moon was.rqtruggling with a hneas of ',iebtwlliflh 'bbscured Its ilsi'g.' Weacied.,ywitle..b y. walk, I ipaused 'at 'ad': irois-obarred" .'gto which lstood open,and.looiikd wistfully into a shadowy court whence camo-a cool trickling of water.- Tile ,court. seemed, neglected, the house silent, dark and deserted. Doubtless its oc cpsants' had, like most others, fled from the plaguo-stricken city. I sauntered slowly up tihe broad walk, and 'seating omyeli oh tile stoneo threshold of thie l roori'rbard my forehead to theo scarce perceptible broeeso- that stirred the feathery mimosn.blossoms.'i I 'T?eo moon had Inesv rldenl and her light glittered on. the broad inngnolia leaves asd uflockiid theo heavy shadows of til etropical foliage about coe. A ricll, 'opprisses o Oriental poiefume burthoned, the atmosphere, mingled with the damp miasmic odour of the iiegrleiot dbashit lto hleich the water of the half -dried' fountain- dripppd 'aowly, withr i a faint tinkle that sag gested, not rippilug langhter, but tears. SA solemn, denlatliiko stillness broodedl over theo wlolo, and the thought in voluntarily suggested itself that some thleg like this mighlt Ilave looked thle nardcn of Paradlise when the curse hlad mIlesn a,i1 the once pure and sinless hadl thence gone forth for ever. Suddenly I stnrtod. Bohied me the door hlad unoeleosaly opened, andl as I aroas a'handrw as ladupon'mty shoolder; . autn vpicbo-lnlh,, ,:;,,:! hn l,? b?,,,'e . ...ii~: t; -·~ · I .Come .in.: They have waited for 7ou. I know.. not what induced me to Mield to the grasp of that hand, as it Irow me within and !closed the door ichind me. .I found myself standing n a broad,' stone-paved hall, dimly ightod by the reflection from. aln open loor at its extremity..'. Beyond .this van another door, giving a glimpse of p vine-wreathed verandah. The , person who haidld'awin me in ian a woman, old and ugly, and 'dark enough to be taken fora negro, though Ihe outline of her features, her annnrr atP d accent rievaleod to me that Iheo wasl French'. L '"They are waiting for you, Monsieur be Chaleure,''she said, pointing to Sards the lighted'd6oori ''You were Idte h;yl', iijmaite had ito Call in tL -'tit Jeanito take.your:place.'. -'De Chaleute I The recolltction' of the words I had: ' few 'moments before accidentally herid'. flshed u'pon npe, and as. if by an echo I mechani cally repeated: , SDe Chalcure is dlead, ! C/rolera!' The woman recoiled. * M"Mon Dioei I a til .hal it,'thloi, found its .ivay'out horer,.but to-morrow we go, thank Heaven.'- Lowering her voice, she added: ' So,' n'onsi'ur, you come to toll us tlia 'Monsieur Do Chaleure.? i ., ideAd E. ousee mo, men. eieur, but would !it .be' prudent' to tell the' mastert'consldering' his humours, nod'tlat ho' hirthl lf' is not well? He anigh' bo agicrable, to see you, mon sieur?'i But if you think bhot go."' She, agnin pointed to the lighted door, dtad b''fore I could say q word in hoswerorhad glided to' some dark recess of. the hall, and disappeared.. I turned to open the door which I had enterd; blut found, that it had been bolted in some mysteriouss mannir,"the 'ocret of, which I coudild; otdileover. 1henln I looked fort-the bell-.wiro, but it was 'not viiible; ' The iwkwruiridids'aof py sitirotlbh itashliodupiohme,'and I lotheritar!ly'dreAded 'them'apptmrniLeo f, spie6nri'? 6 ~librii it waould' bo.dilftlult' to 'expai'n it. Finally,"flndiin.g escspe? by one"door: impracticable, 'I decided to try the oppositQ, which openod'tpon the ver " nds ihitheoear. ""' 'lAI ,:paei:'.,'tbo .ligled doorway,; glanced within. --Four' men were soeated ;tlire"'around a -table, onbwhich oier'friuit;'iwin, iondhcardes ,Tlho'Tinr who directly faced .me was a"i'large, .t?a.a?aed ?ma?p, in a ,loose dressing gownlof white lien or asilk;, ,Hiis face,' thdugh hlandsorime, atruok ;e' at one' with i oiu4d, ?diafsgrieable bionsclbiiu'-' esa,of having . seen ri' before. .nth d instant iolt my 'i.passing: I, satw, i him stletch ' fortl" 'his':bands to-the ,visads b'dfore 'him, 'ild'i eiriirdihim, say, in'" a tone of solemn'mobkery- " ' So, ty friends, lot'es eat, drink, an'd be oerry, f?rto-m6rrow wedie.'' SGliding past there reclckless.rovellers un6bservedm I reashed thei' verundah. t was a, cool aotd --shdowy recess, ntelacd ",wlth ;'1ho6a' aind bordeed. wilth rbb f oleaoiidsrid º ejimilnei , tnid those I observed the r form' of o. oman - greeful, slender,; clail"' in wlsito, and' Manoing languidly against ,no of 'tieo vinewreaith'ed? piliier. Wrpiatwgs there ri; the .;more sight f this woman's form which caused the lot:dO'ltislh to my heart'io ,a budded'. orrent 'of unidefnablo' ei6btibi?' 'Even SI,.4toodbreathles. nud ,motionless iro t e'd,' abd, 'soelqg ine slow)l dvanced. Out" of th6 shadow shire ,ame, and, stepping before me Into the soonlight, stood, white-robed, rulby ipped, golden-haired - the angel of y droanle'for fivelong years past: I sprang forward with a breathless xclamhtlon':: SMarie I' ,. SSo,beld .out ,both her hands. . Her yea. were radiant and -the. colour. fushed: into"heir cheeks; but when I .tsiid'ir? a Impulsively dlssped'helr'in Scloso, einlrrce, lpnld Iad 'ilreidy, felt the' quick throbbing of her heart lgainst mine, she dfrew back.,' ' 0 .Marie - my.darlihg--I : haie ouhd'yop'again' I , ;,In trhestillness I could almost'lroar ur two, hearts beating as we stood, tlontw' giriig into anch' other'sreybes; hrli fliyli had aisddOrly 'died away froms trer face, leaving hIer almost ins fair pnd. as palo.as the white blossom which drooped in her hair.' ' S.llow came you hero?' she whis pored. I told her, adding:-': SSome good, unsesn anigel mtist harv led';in'o;"lither.'. ' . .,, . 01Oh, no, no.l'. shoe mirmrurod,.:'1it can.only bring to us but unhalppinoss.'. ' Then, Manrip, you are still that marn's wife?' ' She assented with n silent motion of'the head.L 'Looktibig at her 'ilosaly, I sawv that, rins b?utlfiil 's 'Qiob WAb still, it was with a more oll'oiovallked 'nad spirital beauty. Site lookedipaler.hnd nlore fragile than of oll, and thero was or her sweet ficoe a touching exprddtion of'gentle, patient sadntess. * One word, Mario. Is lio kind to you?' I enquired, for the moment lobrgettlig myself i'.'in irixity about her. Shie Ihesitated, then' noiswored In a low voice : ' Yue--in his own way-nt timed.' Thie wordrs aid on told thl e wholu story, nld 1 inrvolritrtrlly clenchi d my toetth as I ultered :o SCrr'eo himrl ' ' liush,' shre whisperedi tutnnlg'hei fdice towr'drs thioehalf-closed blhil ol the windows oponriimg 'r'rpen thover tandah, and through which atmd. Ith, F; ·· ..11'~ intervening hllambers came the sound of the reckless voices beyond. i ;Marie, you shall not live longer with this man, you shall not linger here in this plague-stricken city. C my love, my darlingi let me take you away from, the brute wvho is not worthy of youl you did belong to me, d?o still belong, to mel' Shoshrank'backas I again attempted to clasp her. I , You: forget,' shie said, ' both .your honour and mine. Yet, oh, my heart fs breaking! When, oh when will it end?' She leaned back against the pillar, ivitli her face buried in her hands.. In hat rhomont bf mute anguish to us both, I do not know what I should have done, but'just then a'"footstep be hind me caused me to turn. In the doorway.: was standing the largoman in tirhe whitedreossing-gown-lMario's hus band. His, face was whiter, if possible, than Marie's, but with a deathly, cadaverous pallor. ' So,' he hissed between his clenched leeth. ' Soh, I have found you out, inadamo. And you,you infernal villian, low dare-?ot?a--" : His voice seemed actually to fail him n the violence of his passion, and he taggered' raither th?n'walked towards us. 'You shall pay for this! And you, you false, accurrsed ..' He stretched out his hand to grasp his wife's. shoulder. iShe ,saw the notion, aind invohdntarly' shrank with a quivering shudder that seemed more of loathing:,thlan:of :fear. ;I, sprang forward in a blind fury. ' Touch her at your perill' I cried. Dare' :to lay:your: brutal! hand' upon ,er, and-' What was it that, as I looked upon is faie i'iii thie? oonlight, liiished:?lie cords upon my lips, and caused me, too, to shrink from him in horror? Ils face was no longer white. Bloated and swollen with passion it still was; but over it, about the glaring eyes and heo set, rigid lips, a 'dark portentious shadow had gathered, which I kneow too well. He madea.step towards us, roeled, and with a curse upon his lips fell prone at our feet. They lifted him: andi bore him:into the inner 'room, whence their voices came to me, low and awe.struck as they:werest : ." '' : : : ' He is dead.' S* tulte. Cholerao' I tirnbdfn!to Marie' With:i witd thrill of emotion which I dare not speak. Our eyes .met, n&d;, no words were needed. 'Siuddenly and miraculbusly, as it were, the barrier between us had boon remqved. lShe wse,;mine--mine at last! ' You must leave this place at once,' I said. 'Thiseis no itime for the con sideration of anything but satbty. I cannot breathe freely while I see you exposed 't;this:awlul 'ddger.'. i 