AIR. CRESWICK AS HAMLET. Last night, at tho Academy of Music, Mr. Crcswiok mado his first nppoarnuco heforo a Melbourne audience in tho role of Hamlet, Prinoo of Denmark. Much curiosity was iQiu as to me way in which iiiu vctt-ruu former would acquit himself in n eharnctor so difficult and so complex in its essential elements as that of Hamlet is acknowledged to bo. Thero was consequently' a some what crowded house, and Mr. Cres- wick, on making his nppoarnnoo in tho first act, was greeted with tumultuous npplnusc. Of tho performance as a whole it may bo said at onco that it was of a highly meritorious description. There were, how- over, some inevitable drawbacks which rather call for indulgence tliim. invite un favorable comment. Air. Crcswiok, though advanced in years, retains much of the vigor and vivacity of yonth. Ho appears endowed with so much elnstioity, and so great is his energy,, that ho is able to counteract this dis advantage in an extraordinary degree, and to excel ill all the essential requisites of his calling all cxcopt tip; most distinguished votaries of the histrionic art. Notwithstand ing his remarkable powers, however, it is dif ficult to overlook the defects which are necessarily manifest in liis performance of tlio celobrated character which ho undertook last night. It is difficult for oven Mr. Crcswiok, ingenious as ho un doubtedly is, to assume the youthful and ath letic appenranco of Princo Hamlet. This is a primary dofcct, however, which no ar tistic oxoellonco and 110 amount of genius could entirely remove, for which the aotor in tlio prcsont instance was not to blame, and for which inst night's nudionco woro pro- pared to mako a just and ample nllowanco.- Tho part of tho performance in whioli Mr. Creswick scored his first palpable success was that wherein Hamlet interrogates tho ghost of his father in impassioned lan guage, breaking away from his companions who attempt to hold him back, lost his pursuit of tlio apparition should lead to dangerous oonsequenco. Tho sceno was rendered with striking effect. Tho inciting causo of Hamlet's frenzied passion gradually worked upon him until apparently human hands became an ineffectual restraint for a form every muscle and flhro of which was distended to tho utmost, and endowed with preternatural forco by the tumult of over whelming emotions to which the circum stances had given rise. The responsivo emo tions aroused by tho harrowing story of tho ghost wore depicted with much warmth, and tho pnrt of the Ghost iteelf was well ren dered by Mr. W. Ryan, whoso impressive enunciation is entitled to much praise. In those passages where Hamlet gives rein to tho stirring emotions by which ho is so dcoply distrnotcd Mr. Creswick did not succeod in produoing quite so imposing and realistic an effect as might have been antici pated. His voice moro than once showed signs of inadequate strength and vo lume, and tho acting was hardly of that powerful and absorbing nature which enables tho porformcr.to carry along with liim, as it were, in sympathetic forgctfulness, the mind and tho fooliugs of tho spectator. If, how- over, a triumph of tho highest order was not achieved, it is, wo doubt not, to bo attri- buted to circumstances ovor which tho aotor could have no control. Tho porformanoo . -vi„ -l : T.i- wufj A Jjlglliy IlItillLUIiUUtl wuv, Jill Creswick, if not so great in the por trayal of passion as we think wo have seen him, was perhaps moro thoroughly natural than ho appeared in VirginiuB, and certainly not less natural than ho was in tho part of King Lear. In ovory conversational passage tho skill of tho true artist was unmis takably npparont. Tho dialogue was ren dered with ease and facility, and tho sallies of wit and tho sarcasm of which the aged Polonius . and some others aro mado tho victims were well and forcibly delivered. PerhnpB tho most effective scenes after that in which Hamlet sees tho Ghost for tho first timo wore tho ono in whioh Polonius meets with his death, and that wherein the guilty' conscience of the king betrays itself on the enacting of a tragedy in the royal palace. The representation as a whole was of such a nature as to thoroughly recommend itself to tho taste_gf tho numerous audience, and to bo amply deserving of the warm npplauso. which so frequently rewarded the efforts of the aotor. Of Miss Ashton's porformanoo of the part of Ophelia it is impossible to Bpeak otherwise than in terms of praiso. Her stately and graceful presence, coupled with an artless and tonohingly earnest manner of expression, seemod to adapt her specially for tho representation of tho part of tho guileless and gentle female character whoso melancholy fortunes render her an object of so much regard and com. miseration. Mr. Henry Douglns ac quitted liimBelf in a highly creditable manner as Claudius, King of Denmark, and Mr. Hans Phillips made a very good Horatio. Mr. Boothman's interpretation of the charac ter of Laertes was vigorous and appropriate, whilst tho cast generally appeared to bo ono of Bomewhat moro than average excellence, notwithstanding the fact, as regards Ham- lot's mother, -that Miss Amstead's exceed- ingly girlish voice somewhat belied her pre tensions to tbo matronly dignity of tho maternal character. Hamlet will be per formed again thiB evening. 