RAEE GOOD LUCK: A FORTUNE IN SEVEN STROKES. BY R. E." ITKANCILLON', Author<of " Olympia," "Earl's Dene," Fortune," &c.; 1 Zelda's STROKE THE SEVENTH. ®HE WONDEBFUL VOYAGE OF THE BABQUE ARABELLA. I. Christmas Day was ait hand. Butit was not the Christmas weather of fablefrost and snow; nor was it the Christmas weather of familiar fact-of tepid fog above and melting mud below. It was not tepid, but hot; and the sky was bluer, higher, atod clearer than in those long-departed Junes that we have handed over as a legacy of imagination to our children. We are in other scenes; we have left the romances and realities of WLitbeaeh, Old and New, far behind and far away. In truth they are forgotten—the new as well as the old. After nine days, we are told, nothing is new; so that after five hundred days and more, everything must be very old. _ But not so old as 'Christmas time; and Christmas time is not so old as the history of the country where we have met with such unchristianlike Christmas weather. In short we are in the city of Alexandria, at the month of the Nile. Most people have passed, are passing, or will pass 'through Alexandria ; and the rest of the world knows all about it, or may if it pleases, without much trouble. It were well nigh as heedless to describe anew the main gateway of the world as to say that on a certain day towards Christmas a certain mail steamer was due to sail for -Southampton. Her name on this particular occasion was the Ganges. The full complement of homeward bound Anglo-Indians was on board, and set sail. And she was nearly out of sight when a party, consisting of two gentlemen, a young lady, and her maid hurried to the wharf. " Are we in time ?" asked the younger gentleman in a tone almost too anxious to be polite, of a young Englishman in the uniform of an Indiaman's mate, who was walking about and watching the now distant steamer. " For the Ganges "Yes." " Fm afraid not. There she is, Sir." " The devil! We're too.Iate >after all! Can't we overtake her ?" Well; I should say—No. You might race her, but I'd back her to win." " When does the next packet sail ? Do you know ?" " The Indus sails on Saturday." " And we cannot wait a day—what's to be done?" " I only see one thing to be done," said the elder gentleman. " We must wait for the Indus, and stay here." " I'm afraid that won't help you, Sir," said the young officer. " I belong to the Indus, and I happen to know that she's full—not a berth to spare." " I would pay anything," said the younger gentleman. If you like, I'll speak to the Captain, Sir," said the officer of the Indus, who had glanced at the young lady. " I'm so sorry," said she to her companions. " This would never have happened if it had not been for me. Please don't forgive me; but get home yourself in whatever way you can. Perhaps there may be room in . the Indus for one." " And that would be too late. This is a matter of days—hours. Why the Ganges would have brought us home barely in time—and we've lost her. One vote may be.everything—Parliament may be dissolved, and I may lose my seat, and all because we've lost the Ganges." "No; it can't be so bad as that," said the elder gentleman. " But it may." "I shall never forgive myself—never," said the lady. " If it hadn't been for me, you would have got all the newspapers and the letters, and known about this sudden session—there was a fate about my seeing the Nile." " The Nile was all right," said the elder gentleman. " We should have been all right if we had kept to the Nile; but the Desert was not in the programme." " I will never—never—as long as I live, be wilful again." The young officer of the Indus, who seemed to think the party worth making a special eJort for, returned, and said -.— " Fm very sorry, Sir, but Fve spoken to the Captain himself, and it's quite impossible; but he was sorry for your difficulty, as the matter seems of consequence, and he told me to tell you that there is a ship sailing for England to-day—a steamer, though not on the line. It might be worth your while to enquire." " Indeed, that is very kind of you," said the younger gentleman, " to take so much trouble for strangers. It is of the greatest consequence —I will make enquiries immediately. We shall not forget your kindness, you may be sure. May I ask to whom we are indebted?" " Pray don't mention it; I am very glad to be of service to fellow- countrymen," answered thei officer, with a glance at the young lady. " And I wouldn't be too sanguine; the steamer is only a chance, and may come te nothing-after all. My name?—Maxwell, second officer of 'the Indus." " I will not forget it. Here is my card; these are Colonel and Miss Carew. And this vessel ?" " She is called the Arabella; but that is all I know of her." " And where can we hear of her ?" " She will be in the harbour 1 hard by, if, as I hear, she sails in an hour." " Then there is no time to lose." " I will come with you, Mr. Fenning. I am not busy, as you see." The Arabella was easily found, near the mouth of the harbour, a moderately large vessel, and apparently a trader. " What do you think of her looks ?" asked Mr. Fenning. "Well enough; but I should rather doubt her accommodation for ladies." " Oh, never mind that!" said Miss Carew. " The worse the better. I want to do penance, and I should like to make a voyage without any of the common-place comforts; we are fresh from the Desert, you know." " You would make a model passenger," said Mr. Maxwell. " The Indus has had a loss, I can see." A message was sent on board the Arabella to the Captain, who presently appeared. He was a short, bluff merchant captain, of the common English type and pattern, looking at present a little hurried, and perhaps a little cross at being I interrupted. Mr. Maxwell fell back politely, and left Mr. Fenning to conduct his own interview. " I am Mr. Fenning, member for Daneshire; these are Colonel Carew, Miss Carew and her maid. It is of public importance that I should not lose a day—an hour—in starting for England; and we have lost our vessel, the Ganges. Can you let us have a passage on board the Arabella?" The Captain pushed up his cap and scratched his head. " Well, Sir—No." "No!—Why?" " We cant accommodate ladies." "Oh, don't consider me a lady, please, Captain !" broke in Miss f!gwnr Carew. " But Fm afraid I must, Miss," said the Captain, with the ghost of; a smile. " Leastways a female. And there's two of you." - •"Oh, we shan't mind. We can do without accommodation. In fact, I hate accommodation. We're just from the Desert." "Aye,Miss; but a Desert isn't a ship-it's get plenty of room." 1 Wil1 stay beWn d - —You go''^lin * V Pa ' Pa ^ •« It's aU the same," said theCaptain. " There's i no. room For a gentleman." } Ifr' Iferiiki ^^ pounds for a passage," said ^hdsome. But cant's cant, I'm anfaw, Sir. The Arabella don't take passengers. I don't Want them; they interfere with the cargo, and bother the hands." "You cant find room forone—not for fiftv 3 pounds?" " : 4 4 Well, it jsn't jBiactly can't either. I won't, Sir." "Why wont you? Ill pay a hundred pounds." " That's uncommonly handsome. But — I wont; well—because I wont. There—I can't say fairer." " Yes, you will," said Miss Carew. " Well, that's pretty strong, Miss, to a Captain about his own ship anyhow. If I was to 'take you I should be afraid of a mutiny. And I have some roughish fellows aboard too." " Then you'd better take me—I should like to see a mutiny where I am!" " Well—you aire a good plucked one. I won't say I wouldnt cany you and your friends if it was possible; hut ifs not possible." "Everything is possible," said Miss Carew, fresh from the Pyramids that had looked down, not without scorn, upon Napoleon. "Look here, Miss. Ifs not possible. You cant eat sea rations. You can't stow yourself at night in a dog- hole. You cant do without stewards and stewardesses, and such like luxuries. You can't sail with a lot of rough hands— foreigners and all sorts—that never came near a lady in their lives." " I can though! I have eaten Desert rations, and stowed myself in a tent, and done without ' stewards and stewardesses, and been with Arabs who never saw an Englishwoman. I came to look for adventures, and I want another. But there—M give up the Arabella," she said with a sigh!—"and you shall take Mr. Fenning." " Well! I don't like to disappoint ja lady like you, that don't mind roughing it, and is fond of the sea. Fve half a mind to risk it. There - HI take the whole lot of you for a hundred pounds." " Of course you will!" said Miss Carew. " Bnt I cannot think of your going," said Mr Fenning. " It will never do for you.' "But I will go!" n" Once upon a time," said the Colonel gravely, "there lived in the land of Egypt a girl who said she would never-never—as long as she lived—be wilful again." " No more I will—when I get home. It's" for Arthur's sake. The Captain only promised to take the lot of us—not one. I'm sure he won't take Arthur without me." " Are you sure there's no real chance of any danger, Captain?" said Mr. Maxwell, coming forward. " Danger ?—Bless you, no!" " You called your crew a roughish lot, your know. Where do you unload ?" " London Docks. And when I calledTPmy crew rough, I didn't mean that they 'werefrascals. They're a good crew, as sailors go nowadays. But they've non3 of them been presented at Court, and they don't pick their words." " You might set these ladies and gentlemen ashore somewhere, so that they may get home by land." . . . * " Much you know about our service, young gentleman. I daren't delay my voyage for a thousand pounds if the Queen wanted to go ashore. No; if they come with the Arabella, they must go with the Arabella. Now, then, get your traps on board; and be sharp, if you please, the pilot's aboard." " I hope your cargo isn't grain? Thafs awkward sometimes in the Bay of Biscay," said Mr. Maxwell, looking towards Miss Carew, as if he rather repented having helped to find her what would .probably prove an uncomfortable passage. "Grain?—No. Mine's a safe cargo—pretty near as safe as you'll find." " What is it—if I may ask ?" " Oh, yes; you may ask. It's hides and ivory. Now, ladies." 