ALBURY. Tee week set in with fine bracing weather. A clear sunny sky, and a sharp south wind, made active out-door exercise very enjoyable during the whole of Sunday, Mon day, and Tuesday, and on Tuesday night there was just the least suspicion of a white frost.' On Wednesday, however, a change took place ; the thermometer rising, and the barometer falling, with, a dull leaden sky which portended rani and plenty of it. Is or was the promise unfulfilled. About 3 o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday a few slight showers came down, earnest of what was to follow. Later in the day a fine steady rain set in, which continued with few and brief intermissions throughout the whole of the night and the following days. So far as I have been able to learn, this rain has been general. Accounts to hand from Bangowannah, Howlong, Moorwatha, Corowa, Jindera, Gerogery, Mullengandra, Germanton, and along the Upper Murray, all report a copious fall, and are jubilant thereon ; and there can be no doubt that it will do a world of good. As the sun* has not yet attained any great power, the grass generally is in first-rate condition ; but if the feed has not been burned up, the crops in one or two places were beginning to droop for lack of moisture, and could not have withstood another week of dry weather without being .seriously injured. The rain has come just in the nick of time, and places the question of an abundant harvest beyond all reasonable doubt. The grass is also benefited wonderfully by the fall ; in many parts you can almost see it grow, a period of two days making sume'eat difference in the appearance of a paddock to strike the most careless observer. Stock are picking up more rapidly just now than they have done since the end of the drought. On the whole, the district may be said to be free from disease, though cases of pleuro are still reported on the Victorian side of the river. Stock transactions are still dull, not withstanding the improved aspect of the country. With the improved state of the pastures, dairy produce, which has been very scarce and at famine prices for a long time past, is now becoming more plentiful and cheaper. Flour also is falling in prices, being quoted by Howlong millers at £14; It is a shade above this rate in Albury still. The result of the Free Selectors Conference in Sydney was watched with much interest here by all connected with agricultural pursuits, and general satisfaction was expressed upon learning the delegates had firmly rejected the proposals of alliance with the Working Men's Defence Association. So far as this district is concerned there is no doubt that the selectors will hold fast to the programme agreed to by their representatives. That is, of course, when the occasion arises. At present they are well enough satisfied with their member, who has always stoutly fought for the selecting interest. Should the district be accorded additional representation the second member will have to subscribe to the Conference programme before he gets the selectors' vote. In compliance with a telegram from the Mayor of Sydney, the Mayor of Albury has called a public meeting for Tues day next, to consider what steps should be taken in aid of the Indian Famine Relief Fund. The quantity of wool passing through the town, on its way to the Wodonga railway station, shows a marked fall ing off compared with the returns at this season in previous years. This is no doubt, principally owing to the deficiency in the clip, caused by the bite drought. At some of the largest stations in the district the deficiency is verv serious. At a meeting of the Board of Directors for 'this newly created eheep district of the Hume, held a few days &ince; at Germanton, Mr. Gordon Bruce was appointed inspector. Mr. Thomas Mitchell of Woomargama, was elected chair man of the Board. Amongst other business transacted, was the passing of a resolution to the effect that, as the opinions of the local Boards had been altogether ignored in one or two important matters, a letter should be written, asking that the powers of the directors (if they' have any) be clearly defined. At Bethanga operations in connection with tha ne» smelting works for the treatment of the copper ore. hav* now fairly commenced. During the week Messrs Harri and Hollow marked off a site for the furnaces, and the cere ' mony of turning the first sod was performed with due for' niality, in the presence of a large crowd of spectators. Work' now com fenced, will be carried on with energy, and it is fully anticipated that before two months from the present date the furnaces will be in full swing. For some time nist the proprietors of amalgamated claims Nos. 4 and 5, on tha Empress line, have been under the impression that their quartz was yielding more gold than was saved at th° machine ; this week they determined to put the matter to a practical test by burning the tailings, and the result of the experiment bas been the recovery of a large per centa»e of gold. At Rhodes s mill a crushing from the Excelsiorclaim H was finished on Saturday, with very satisfactory results B This week the same mill is at work upon a parcel from the B New Year's Gifr, about SO tons having been carted down to ?? the mathinc. In this claim the proprietors have let the BB portion of their ground from the second shaft south to the B boundarrpegs to a party of tributors for twelve months B There will now, for some time to come, be over thirty mm{ ^B employed on this claim alone. Messrs. Redelin, Davis and B Co. are getting up the copper ore as rapidly .as possible fl and have a kiln of about 100 tons all ready for burning' B The ore now being raised comes from the 180-foot lev!' B where the lode looks as wellas, if not better, than ever it did B At Sabelberg's mill, several small parcels have been pat BB though for various owners with generally satisfactory B results. At Mr. Spargo's mill, a lot of 46£ tons has been B cleaned up from Messrs. M'Crea and Burns' claim, the lot B yielding: the very handsome return of 118 oz. 15 dwts. This B is the largest yield from a similar quantity of stone which ' B has yet been obtained from any claim at Bethanga, and is Bb largely in excess of the return anticipated. The last crush- B ing from this claim gave only 2 ox. }, BY d^ts. to the ton. Mr. Spargo appsars to b3 B very successful in the matter of saving soli ^m He intends erecting large pans for the treatment of the mys- ^B terious mineral which passes on the diggings by the name ^B of blackjack : the mode of treatment will be, I am iafor.ued flfl similar to that adopted in various pirls of Victoria with ^B success, in the case of pyrites. Mr. Spargohas had much ?? experience in this particular branch of his business, and ?? will, therefore, have a fair chance of succeeding in the effort Bb to extract the gold which is known to exist in the black-' ?? jack. Should he manage the job it will prove a great boon ^B to the locality, as most of the gtod claims have now beea1 Pfl worked down to the level at which the stuff comes in, ani ^B failing the discovery of some plan to extract the gold many ?? of the reefs will soon be worked out ; whilst, if the black- ^B jack can Only be proved payable, then a new era of prbsne- ^H rity will be opened, up for the district. ^fl Since the date of my last good progress has been made Va with the erection of the crushing mill at Black Uxnga ?? Creek for the One Tree Hill reef. The michineisan ^m eight-stamper battery, and is now half built. The erection ^B of ihis machine ought to give an impetus to prospecting ^m opei ations in the locality, which have been altogether abas'. ^m doned for a long time past. ?? : One or two enthusiastic turfites are wrath with tha ^B Government for failing to take into account the spring ^m meeting of the Victoria Racing Club when fixing the poll- la ing day for the Hume election. This day is the 5th ?( November, and as the Melbourne Cup— the great Vistorian VB carnival — takes place on the 6th, there was some gnash- PA icg of teeth at the idea of being compelled to choose between ^m duty to one's country and the fascinations of Fleming'ton. B I do not think, however, that losal lovers of le sport will ^m have to sacrifice themselves. In tho first plane, it k ^B scarcely likely that any one will have the hardihood to con- ^B test the Beat with Mr. Day ; and secondly, nobody who dii ^B 60 would have the ghost of a a chance of succeeding;, even ?? though every voter in Albury were to run off to Melbourne ?? on Guy Fawkes Day. ' H The following selections were taken up at tho Albury Land Office on Thursday: — E. Post, 75| acres, Cookardinia; H Samuel Watson, 114| acres, Gerogery ; T. H. Mate, 320 H acres, Burrumbuttock ; John Tucker, 80 acres, Vaniier; H Isaac Cliff, 50 acres, Pulletop ; Richard Chant, 80 acres, H Germanton ; J. J. Adams, 150 acres, Manus ; George ^B Lander, 120 acres, Manus ; James Osborne Morrice, 80 ftV acres, Mountain Creek. ?? Mr. George Day has this rooming issued his address to H the electors, announcing his intention again to come for- ^B ward for the Hume. He does not enter into particulars H with regard to his political views, but promises to address BB the electors at length on the day of nomination. H The season promises to be a favourable one for ths BB orchardists. Plums, cherries, and pears have set well ; the H peaches, however, are as usual, much affected with blisrht, EVJ and many varieties of apple are in the same state. The ^B vines have made a good start, and so far appear to be in a ^B very healthy condition, but it is greatly to be feared that IB unless some change takes place in the tastes of the public, BB the winegrowing industry will in a few years die out. It is ^B already languishing, as the winemakers find no local ?? market, and the demand outside the district does not keep BBj pace with the increasing supply, Had it not beon, in- BBj deed, for the energy of Mr. J. T. Fallon in pushing the sale BBj in other colonies and' abroad, the production would before BBj this have been too great for the requirements of the trade. ?? October 20. ? 