FOE HUSBAND AND KING Chapter I, I have no doubt, Captain Lawrence, that you are a very brave man, and a most gallant man, but this is no time for the dalliance of the idle god." "May I ask your ladyship's pardon — T tbinfc it is. Some learned man said that love is the business of the idle, and the idleness of the busy. Your ladyship will, I hope, acknowledge that I am no idler?" "Well, Captain Lawrence," said Lady Bankes, " if I am to take your speed yesterday, when you spurred in over the bridge, as a speci men of your everyday life, certainly you are no idler." " Your ladyship can compare the time men tioned on Sir John's despatch," said the captain " with that of my arrival here, and you will see that I did not loiter on the road." "My dear Lawrence," said Lady Bankes— and her rather hard, stern voice soft low, mid musical, as she lsdd her hand upon the young man's arm—" I do not doubt you for a moment ; you are no idler, but a brave Cavalier, true to his king and country. Forgive me if I seem to slight one who is, I know, most attached to us alL" " Dear Lady Bankes, I have nothing to for give," said the young man 5 "only as you grant, that I am one of the busy, is it not fair that £ should at times be idle ?" " I don't see the need." said the ladv. arehlv " Indeed 1" said Lawrence ; "lama fighting man — say a bow — must I not sometimes be un strung if I am to shoot truly and well ?" "Did you say bow or beau?" said Lady Bankes, smiling. " Oh I your ladyship tortures me," exclaimed the young man. " Let me see her, Lady if only for ten minutes. I will ask no more. Think of the perilous times in which we live. may not live to see her again." "I do think of that," said Lady gravely, " and that is why I oppose Your meeting may make my happy, and at a tune when >eTO faouMeg enough through this eml m shntup hero away from. the dear husband by whose side I wonld be to counsel and aid, while I would have niB protection. Young man. young man, it a far better that you shoMdio forth a little sore at heart than bind yourself with ties that can bring nought but sorrow." I saw no sign of sorrow in Sir John's face whenhe gave me your despatch, my lady." " Not a sign, for there was a bright smile upon his wonted stern countenance Take that to my dear, brave wife, Lawrence, ' he iwd ' tell her 1 embrace her in spirit, and pray her to be guarded and careful, for my sake.' " "Said he that?" exclaimed Lady RnnlrrfT with humid eyes and glowing cheek. ' "Word for word, madam, as I have repeated them to yon ; and I envied him his position, for he had that within his breast that could always give him comfort, even in his direst need. I only said to myself, what a cold and barren life is yours— you have none to care for you or help you in your need with comfortable words." "There — there — there, good Lawrence i" ex claimed Lady Bankes, excitedly ; "thou shalt have thy wish — for ten minutes, mind, no more — and if Avice love thee, well ; " Oh, thanks, dear Lady BankeSia the young man,' kissing1 her ; '-7 41 your hand. There, the said, pressing upon it a long, warm kiss, "take that to my husband. Tell him I pressed upon the honest hand so soon to be laid in his a true wife's kiss, full of all love and honour for her noble lord. Teilhim X will be guarded for his sake, and that before a rebel foot shall stop within the gates of Corfu Castle \- r ,riBiMllyyaiiji liie vaBs AdI fans to iramlfb down upon tbair defend-, he!, and Bhe wb. guarded them not nave breath Irftto say a defiant word. tfwpence stood gating with admira- ejgto wing, handsome woman nfio atood , " But surely, dear Lady Brakes, if it should nappen that the Roundheads approached the castte, yon would not resist?1 "Not resist? — not resist? Good lack, sir, for what do you take me " For a most brave and noble lady, was the reply." " Thfm, as a brave woman, would I, in my husband's absence, let them taste the cheev without, for not a man. should taste within. Enough, though ; you have your letters. Now ride away, and let my dear lord be happy in the knowledge that there is a place of safety for him in Purbeck's Isle whene'er he likes to seek for rest" "But Mistress Avice— your IadysWg pro. nuse r said the young man. t '' There, out upontiie lo ve-sicky r laoghed shalf have jpur ten nurates, tot not a secr more,» and Captain Law- <10 wn the low-ceiled wain- mil of odd nooks and corners, cloned windows, filled half-way down with _ other - . I littP , ' que view over wall and moat, across tee rp- 3 to tee sea, all dancing in the light .nere were five full-length portraits of kniehts a&d; ladies fitting in the sombre panels of the room ; a rich Eastern carpet about half covered the floor, which, where left bare, was of polished oak. Altogether, the place would have looked stiff a&d; formal but for the tambour frame with its wool in gay colours, wbrk table, and scraps of feminine finery, and other traces of a gentler occupation than that which the habitation of man alone would have displayed. After paring up and down a few times, Captain Lawrence paused in front of a large Y enetian mirror, which reflected his form from head to foot ; but he had stopped inadvertently, and saw it not — in fact, it was a half-front that he presented to the glass, and his eyes were directed to another part of the room, not that they saw aught, for it was all introspective, and a very different form to his ewn was mirrored to his gaze. But the reader may take some in terest in the young man's personal appearance, so we sketch the reflection shown by the glass : — A tall, well-built Cavalier of eight- and - twenty, with broad white forehead, clear grey eyes gleaming from beneath level, dark brows, complexion browned by the sun where his hat left it free, heavy moustache, firm mouth, pointed beard, and long clustering ringlets thrown back to hang upon his shoulders. His eostome was of russet velvet, well rubbed and worn ; a broad lace collar lay over upon his shoulders, long buff boots weredrawn upjto his thighs. &nfl; his heels were armed with £Oodlv spurs. A broad belt crossed one shoulder, and supported a heavy rapier; and in tke hand, whose arm bore a long horseman's cloak, dusty and travel-stained like the doublet, was a broaa, plumed hat, with a bullet hole in one side, and an ostrich feather cut off short by tee sweep of an enemy's trenchant blade. " I hope Captain Lawrence thinks he looks well this morning," said a merry voice. And the young man started, dropping hat and cloak, to run a&d; catch the hands of her who had entered so silently. Snch a pretty, arch, brunette face it was that looked up in his, with laughing eyes and dark chestnut hair, and a maze of wondrous curls shaken from her sunny brow. Dress, figure- — he could see nothing but that sweet laughing face, over which a warm flash spread, burned into her cheeks by his ardent gaze, and soon she tried to withdraw her hands which he so tightly held. " Dearest Avice !" he said, in a low hoarse voice, and was silent. " Fie, Captain Lawrence," she answered. "Dearest, indeed! What would Aunt Bankes say? And how solemn and mumchance you look. Did your supper disagree with your lordship, or did you see the Lady Purbeck's ghost come stil- tum, stalkum, stiltum, talkum through your room in the dead o' t-he night, rattling her kevs. and rustling her stiff Italian silk dress ? Dear, dear, how awful it must have been. The maids all vow the place is haunted. " " Sweet one!" he said, sadly, as he gazed down in her averted face with a grave smile, " It does my heart good to hear thee prattle, and say thy merry little jesting words ; but I have tot a few minutes in which to tell thee much. " " But you are not going away so soon ?" cried Avice, growing serisus ou the instant. " In tea minutes' time," he said. "Look there" — and he led her to a window, and pointed down to where a trooper held by the bit a sturdy horse, which was snorting and pawing im patiently at the stones, rested by a good night amongst strew and ample corn — " in ten min utes I shall be mounted aud away. I have but five with you to tell you, dearest love, that I hive but one thought in life, and that is thee. Well, sweet one, these are fiard times — we mav not meet again. Servant has risen against master, subject against king. My place is in the ranks, to fight for my liege," I ask you, then, to give me for breastplate the knowledge that you, my little one, whom I have loved for long, pray nightly for me, and that if I return, I may claim this little hand. " "But, Captain Lawrence," exclaimed Avice, in agitated tones, "I never thought " " It is rough wooing, sweet," he said, " but it is a soldier's, and he is called away. Tell me you love me." "'No, no, I cannot — it would be wrong." "Your aunt will be here in five minutes' time, sweet," he whispered, fondly ; " send me happily away. " "I can't, I can't," sobbed the girl, her sweet face drawn with agitation, and the tears stream ing down her cheeks. "Her steps are on the stairs," he whispered. " Darling, I love you more than life." " I can't love you, Captain Lawrence," she sobbed. He gave a groan. " But I don't love anyone else," she said, in articulately. That seemed better, and the captain drew her towards himr " Sweet !" he whispered, with all love's inten- ty. "And I never will," cried Avice, as the door was thrown open, and Lady Bankes said. — "Time." Avice started away, a&d; Captain Lawrence strode with' clinking spurs to where he had dropped cloak and hat, threw tee farmer over iris arm, and hMd tee latter so that its pfoine swept tee ground. . "Good- bye," exclaimed Lady Bankes, hold ing out her hand, which the young man kissed ; and then she printed to the door. " For God and King Ghariee Bhe said, as he turned for an instant to gaze at toth. \- "God save the King !" to exclaimed. And directly after there was the clattering of horsed hoofs heard below, as Avice threw her- self, sobbing, into Lady Bankes's arma, — Once Week. (TO BE COBIIEUKD.) 