The Queen of Sheba. (From The Atlantic Monthly.) CHAPTER X.— (Continued). IN THE SHADOW OF MONT BLANC. BY THOMAS BAILEY ALDRICH. THE meeting with Dr. Pendegrast had been so severe a shock to Lynde that he could not straightway recover his mental balance. The appalling shadow which the doctor's presence had for the moment thrown across him had left Lynde benumbed and chilled despite the re- assuring sunshine of the doctor's words. By degrees, however, Lynde warmed to life again ; his gloom slipped off and was lost in the restless tides of life which surged about him. It was the hour when Paris sits at small green tables in front of the cafés and sips its absinthe or cassis ; when the boulevards are thronged, and the rich equipages come and go. There was not a cloud in the tender blue sky against which the reddish obelisk of Luxor looked like a column of jet ; the fountains were playing in the Place de la Concorde, and in the Tuileries gardens beyond, the breeze dreamily stirred the foliage which hid from Lynde's view the gray façade of the gutted palace, still standing there, calcined and cracked by the fires of the Commune. Presently all this began to distract him, and when he returned to the hotel he was in a humor that would have been comparatively tranquil if so many tedious miles had not stretched between Paris and Cha- mouny. He found Mr. Denham and Dr. Pendegrast delaying dinner for him. After dinner, seeing no prospect of renewing conversation in private with the doctor, Lynde killed the time by writing a voluminous letter to Flemming, whose name he had stumbled on in the passenger-list of a steamer advertised to sail two days later from Liverpool. As Lynde took his seat in the railway carriage that night he had a feeling that several centuries had elapsed since day-break. Every moment was a month to him until he could get back to Chamouny. The thought that Ruth might be dangerously ill scarcely presented itself among his reflections. She was free, he loved her, and there was no reasen why he should not try to win her, however strongly the Denhams might be opposed to him. His mind was perfectly easy on that score ; they had no right to wreck the girl's future in their shallow fear. His two travelling companions shortly dropped asleep, but Lynde did not close his eyes during those ten weary hours to Mâcon. Thence to Geneva was five hours more of impatience. At Geneva the party halted no longer than was necessary to refresh themselves at a buffet near the station and hire a conveyance to Chamouny, which they reached two or three hours after sunset. The town still lay, as Lynde had left it, in the por- tentous shadow of the mountain, with the sullen rain dropping from the black sky. Lynde drew an alarming augury from the cir- cumstance that Mrs. Denham did not come down to greet them. It dawned upon him then for the first time with any distinctness that Ruth might be fatally ill. Mr. Denham, accompanied by Dr. Pendegrast, hastened to his wife's apart- ments, and Lynde stationed himself at the head of a staircase in the hall, where he waited nearly an hour in intolerable suspense before the doctor reappeared. "What is it, doctor ?" "Pneumonia. No," he added, divining Lynde's unspoken thought even before it had fairly shaped itself in his brain, "it is not the other business." "You are hiding the truth from me," said Lynde, with a pang. "She is dead !" "No, but she is very low. The disease is approaching a crisis ; a change must take place by to-morrow. Frankly, I dread that change, I am hiding nothing from you." "Is there no hope ? You do not mean that!" "I am afraid I do. Perhaps it is because she is so dear to me that I always anticipate the worst when she is concerned. The other physician is more sanguine ; but then he does not love Ruth as I do." "You might have saved her I" "Everything has been done that could be done. He is a person of remarkable skill, this Paris physician. I could have advised no change in his treatment of the case if I had been on the spot at first. That is a great deal for one physician to say of another. You had better go and get some rest," added Dr. Pendegrast, in a changed voice, struck by the young man's ghastly look. "Your two night-journeys have used you up." Lynde went mechanically to his room and threw himself upon the bed without undressing. He had no inclination to sleep, but his fatigue, bodily and mental, overcame him unawares as he lay listening to the wind which swept through the mountain- gorges, and rose and fell monoto- nously with a sound like the rote of the sea. It was a vision of the sea that filled his unrestful slumber ; Ruth was dead, she had died in his arms, and he was standing woebegone, like a ghost, on the deck of a homeward-bound ship, with the gray, illimitable waste of waters stretching around him. It appeared to Lynde to be in the middle of the night, though it was in fact on the edge of daybreak, that he was awakened by some one knocking softly at his door. He lighted a match, and by its momentary flicker saw Mr. Denham standing on the threshold. "Ruth wishes to see you," he said indistinctly and with an indecisive air. "As nearly as we can gather, that is what she wants. Come quickly!" Without waiting for a reply Mr. Denham turned and passed through the hall. Lynde fol- lowed in silence. He was less surprised than agitated by the summons ; it was of a piece with the dream from which be had been roused. There were candles burning on the mantel- piece of the chamber, and the dawn was whitening the window-panes. In that weird, blended light the face of the sick girl shone like a fading star. Lynde was conscious of no other presence, though Mrs. Denham and Dr. Pende- grast with a third person were standing near the chimney-place. Ruth raised her eyes and smiled upon Lynde as he came in ; then her lids closed and did not open again, but the smile stayed in a dim way on her features, and a flush almost too faint to be perceived crept into her cheeks. Lynde stooped by the bed and took one of Ruth's hands. She turned her head slightly on the pillow, and after a moment her lips moved as if she were making an effort to speak. Lynde remained immobile, fearing to draw breath lest a word should escape his ear. But she did not speak. As he stood there listening in the breath- less stillness, the flame of the candles burned fainter and fainter in the increasing daylight ; a bird twittered somewhere aloft ; then the sun- shine streamed through the windows, and outside all the heights were touched with sudden gold. Dr. Pendegrast approached Lynde and rested one finger on his arm. "You had better go now," the doctor whispered hastily. "I will come to you by and by." Lynde was sitting on the side of the bed in his own room in the broad daylight. He had been sitting motionless in one posture for an hour,— perhaps two hours, he could not tell how long,— when Dr. Pendegrast opened the door without pausing to knock. Lynde felt the cold creeping about his heart. "Doctor," he said, desperately, "don't tell me !" "Mr. Lynde," said Dr. Pendegrast, walking up to the bedside and sneaking very slowly, as if he were doubtful of his own words and found it difficult to utter them, "a change has taken place, but it is a change for the better. I be lieve that Ruth will live." "She will live !" "We thought she was sinking ; she thought so herself, poor child. You were worth a thousand doctors to her, that's my belief. Mrs. Denham was afraid to tell her you had gone to Paris to fetch us, thinking it would excite her. Ruth imagined that her aunt had offended you, and thought you had gone not to return." "Ah!" "That troubled her, in the state she was in,— troubled her mightily. She has been able to take a few spoonfuls of broth," the doctor went on, irrelevently; "her pulse is improved ; if she has no drawback she will get well." Lynde looked around him bewilderedly for a moment; then he covered his face with his hands. "I thought she was dying," he said, under his breath. That day and the next the girl's life hung by a thread ; then the peril passed, and her re- covery became merely a question of careful nursing. The days which immediately followed this certainty were the happiest Lynde had ever known. Perhaps it was because his chamber was directly over Ruth's that he sat there in the window- seat, reading from morning until night. It was as near to her as he was permitted to ap- proach. He saw little of Mr. Denham and still less of Mrs. Denham during that week; but the doctor spent an hour or two every evening with Lynde, and did not find it tiresome to talk of nothing but his patient. The details of her convalescence were listened to with an interest that would have won Dr. Pendegrast if he had not already been very well disposed towards the young fellow, several of whose New York friends, as it transpired, were old acquaintances of the doctor's, —Dr. Dillon and his family, and the Delaneys. The conversation between Lynde and Dr. Pendegrast at the Hôtel Meurice had been hurried and disjointed, and in that respect unsatisfactory : but the minute history of Ruth's previous case, which the doctor related to Lynde in the course of those long summer nights, set his mind completely at rest. "I could never have given her up, any way," said Lynde to himself. "I have loved her for three years, though I didn't know it. That was my wife's slipper after all," he added, thinking of the time when it used to seem to be sitting up for him at night, on his writing-table at Rivermouth. By-and-by the hours began to drag with him. The invalid could not got well fast enough to keep pace with his impatience. The day she was able for the first time to sit up a while, in an arm-chair wheeled by the bedside, was a fête day to the four Americans in the Couronne Hotel. If Lynde did not exhaust his entire in- heritance in cut flowers on this occasion, it was because Dr. Pendegrast objected to them in any profusion in a sick-chamber. "When am I to see her ?" asked Lynde that evening, as the doctor dropped into the room to make his usual report. "Let me think. To-day is Tuesday,—per- haps we shall lot you see her by Friday or Saturday." "Good heavens ! why don't you put it off thirty or forty years ?" "I haven't the time," returned Dr. Pende- grast, laughing. "Seriously, she will not be strong enough until then to bear the least ex- citement. l am not going to run any risks with Ruth, I can tell you. You are very impatient, of course. I will give you a soothing draught." "What is it ?" "A piece of information." "I'll take it !" "And a piece of advice." "I'll take that, too ; you can't frighten me." "It is a betrayal of confidence on my part," said the doctor slowly, and with an air of recon- sidering his offer. "No matter." "Well, then, Ruth's asking for you, the other night, rather amazed Denham when he came to think it over quietly, and Mrs. Denham judged it best to inform him of the conversation which took place between you and her the morning you set out for Paris. Denham was still more amazed. She had attempted to cure him of one astonishment by giving him another. Similia similibus carantur did not work that time. Then the two came to me for consultation, and I told them I thought Ruth's case required a doctor of divinity rather than a doctor of medi- cine." "Did you say that !" "Certainly I did. I strongly advised an operation, and designated the English Church here as a proper place in which to have it per- formed. Moreover, as a change of air would be beneficial as soon as might be afterwards, I sug- gested for the invalid a short trip to Geneva— with not too much company. My dear fellow, you need not thank me ; I am looking ex- clusively to Ruth's happiness,—yours can come in incidentally, if it wants to. Mrs. Denham is your ally." "Is she indeed ? I thought differently. And Ruth"— "Ruth," interposed the doctor, with a twinkle in his eyes, "Ruth is the good little girl in the primer who doesn't speak until she's spoken to." "By Jove, she doesn't speak even then ! I have tried her twice : once she evaded me, and once she refused to listen." "The results of her false education," said the doctor, sententiously. Lynde laughed. "To what view of the question does Mr. Den- ham incline ?" he asked. "Denham is not as unreasonable as he used to be ; but he is somewhat stunned by the unex- pectedness of the thing." "That's the information ; and now for the advice, doctor." "I advise you to speak with Denham the first chance you get. You will have an opportunity this evening. I took the liberty of asking him to come up here and smoke a cigar with us as soon as he finishes his coffee." Lynde nodded his head approvingly, and the doctor went on :— "I shall leave you together after a while, and then you must manage it. At present he is in no state to deny Ruth anything ; he would give her a lover just as he would buy her a pair of ear-rings. His joy over her escape from death— it was a fearfully narrow escape, let me tell you —has left him powerless. Moreover, her illness, in which there has not been a symptom of the old trouble, has reassured him on a most painful point. In short, everything is remarkably smooth for you. I think that's Denham's step now in the hall," added Dr. Pendegrast, hurriedly. "You can say what you please to him of Ruth ; but mind you, my dear boy ; not a word at this juncture about the Queen of Sheba —she's dethroned, you know !" CHAPTER XI. FROM CHAMOUNY TO GENEVA. One morning in September, a month after all this, three persons, a lady and two gentlemen, stood on the upper step of the Couronne Hotel, waving farewell with their handkerchiefs to a carriage which had just started from the door and was gayly taking the road to St Gervais-les- Bains, on the way to Geneva. A cool purple light stretched along the valley and reached up the mountain side to where the eternal snows begin. The crown of Mont Blanc, muffled in its scarf of cloud, was in- visible. The old monarch waes in that disdainful mood which sometimes lasts him for months together. From those perilous heights came down a breath that chilled the air and tempered the sunshine falling upon Chamouny, now silent and deserted, for the season was well-nigh over. With the birds, their brothers, the summer tourists had flown southward at the rustling of the first autumnal leaf. Here and there a guide leaned idly against a post in frount of one of the empty hotels. There was no other indication of life in the main street save the little group we have mentioned watching the departing carriage. This carriage, a maroon body set upon red and black wheels, was drawn by four white horses, and driven by the marquis. The doctor had prescribed white horses, and he took great credit to himself that morning as he stood on the hotel steps beside Mr. and Mrs. Denham, who followed the retreating vehicle rather thought- fully with their eyes until it turned a corner of the narrow street and was lost to them. The unprocedentodly quick passages made from England to Melbourne by tho steamers of the Orient line, via tho Cape of Good Hope, have been regarded with great interest through out theso colonies, and deservedly so. We are glad to notice, from a recent number of the Southampton Times, that already the fast passages of tho Lusitauia, Cuzco, and othor steamors are bearing the fruit which might naturally bo expected of them, and that some of tho merchants of England are quite ready to take every advantage of tho fact, now demon strated, that mails between England and Aus tralia may be delivered within forty days. From the journal mentioned, we learn that, at a meet ing of the Associated Chambers of Commerce of tho United Kingdom, Mr. Hewitt, of Leeds, moved a resolution to the effect "That, in view of the improvements in steam navigation as at present conducted, the mail service with Australia is unsatisfactory, and that the Execu tive Council be requested to take such stops towards a remedy as shall seem desirable." The speaker said the contract with the P. and 0. Com pany would terminate in 1880, and urged that im mediate action was necessary in order that full advantage may be taken of the advances made by science in this direction, and in order to give time to plan and build the necessary class of vessels. They ought to hav3 the Australian mail delivered in Melbourne in thirty-five days. Some further discussion took place, but no decided action, as the motion had not previously been placed on the official programme. It will be evident that these things all point to the con clusion that in a short time communication with Europe will be much more rapid, and we doubt not that still further advances in navigation may yet throw into the shade the brilliant perform ances of the fine steamers of the Orient line, aud assist in a yet more remarkable degree to bridge over the 16,000 miles of ocean between Europe and Australia. 