IN QTJEST OF GOLD. A SABRATIVE OS PKBSONAX EXPERIENCE OF A TBEP TO THE GYMPIE IN 1868. PAST II. My rough notes mark down July 20,1868, as the first black-letter-day on our journey, and records that our troubles commenced with baring to strip and wade through a swamp waist deep in water and mud, aud after a weary march of about eight' hours, finding that to attempt crossing Kilcoy Creek that night would be a deliberate suicide, we were as may be- supposed in a pretty fix, each of us wet through, my mate completely knocked up, no tucker, ^andbarely tea enough to make one billy. There was hew*, ever no alternative but to .be as jolly as possible, and I .think even Mark Tapley would have considered himself justified under the circumstances in feeling quite lovely. We pitched our tent in the scrub, lit an enormous fire a few yards away, and presently another a little further off. Whilst one- eyed Jack and myself were so occupied, Dick bad sat down by the camp, aud when we returned he was to our alarm looking as much like a ghost as. ever I wish to see him, and shivering as if hie had an attack of ague, a pretty place and a lively time for a case of this sort. We set to work, got him inside the tent, made him some .hot tea, and after giving him a dose of chlorodyne (of which I had a small store) had the satisfaction of seeing his general appearance very tnuch improved and Richard as much himself again as was possible- This ^rouble Warded off, I next proceeded to dry our 8wagE, afc which stage X should have been for ^ comic -cartoon in the Zigntern or Portonian, and cannot do better for description than extract a paragraph from aletter to my friends at borne ■ subsequent to #us o^casi^n —^Picture tp yourselves the ipllowihg ateene inkhe bush! Time" about 9 p.m., on a very daric night ; and a drizzling ^ain aire theVind aow and then shaking big drops fl| water frop the branches of the tall saplingf under wjuch we were camped. A : whole fallen trete on fine, and more timber heaped Ion it, making together an enormous: bonfire; mysel&standing;'as near this furnace as possible ina^mall puddle drying trousers and ether articles of apparel and being, jjleasev to observe, "bootless, breecliiess, 8tockihgl6BS, ' ^nd hatless."' If you can imagine all this, you will have in your minds\x=req-\ eye au exact representation of the happy and enviableiondition, of your humble ser\x=req-\ vant."^ Having accomplished tfaed rying pro\x=req-\ "cess, we turned in~4o get a refesher thp. . way of sleep, but our mate Jack was filled ' jeith superstitions dread.* and wpulfl persist. 1 tEe^^mf^flmght, ^ with tomahawk in hand, " because,,f said be, " there's no knowing what strange things may come about on such a n!gbt'and"in such a places^ this;*-' The only occasionhowever hehad to jise it was to.chop. a centipede in four parts, each quarter, be declared, being four inches long; I did not see it. so cannot vouch for bis accuracy. The next morning, to our delight, broke clear aud dry; and the sup shone out warm and bright. Dick was much better though still weak. and oar only anxiety now was whether we could cross Kilcoy Creek, or if we turned back, get over Many Smoke's Creek again. Jf^ck went away to prospect, and returned, witli the news that a party of three or four bad just forded from the station side, tbe water being still breast high, but brought with;, them such deplorable accounts of the' prospects at Yabber, that we were induced to hold council together, and concluded we had better turn back and make tracks for Gympie. We left this little Eden about 8 a.m. on the Tuesday, and arrived at Durun\x=req-\ duanStation again -about 3 p.m. of the same day, having had nothing but tea and tea\x=req-\ leaves since the previous ' Saturday night. Having, obtained-provisions 'at the station, and permission to make a shake down in an open verandah,to protect: us from tbe weather, we were soon in better spirits and condition. Besides ourselves there were here about twenty others, more than half being our fellow pasengere from Sydney who had remained until the rough weather had subsided. The fatigues of the journey thus far had nearly prostrated my. friend Dick, and he was so .sqre-footcd that he feared he Would bp quit« finable to tramp to Gympie, which we leaped was about eighty miles further, over some very rough country. This ! almost induced us to arrange to travel back by easy stages to Brisbane, but the wind the proverb speaks of, biew up a different fute for us, and we were spared the annoyance of having to return without even seeing the much talked of El Dorado. What is a misfortune to one man, may turn out to be luck for another, and so it chanced on this occasion.- A? two of our late fellow passengers were fording a creek near the Station, one of them whom I will call Joe had his trousers slung across his shoulder, pocket downward. This pocket contained the joint capital (about 25s) of himself and friend,-—and by some law which I believe Newton or somebody explained a long time ago, the parse found its level in toe bed j of the creek, and Joe and Bill their pecuniary level simultaneously, but Joe had a pair of\x=req-\ bootfl which Dick coveted, as be thought it possible if he were comfortably shod, he i might manage to reach the diggings. The | end of thp affair was that Bill and ourselves exchanged .the loan of ihoe leather on his .part^ , for the provision on ours of inside lining during the reBt of the journey for himself and friend, and thus you see the wind did not blow that day which was altogether ill. During our spell at thi9 place I took the opportunity of doing a., little , laundry work, "an'd visiting a native encampment, where X was almost smitten by the charms of a sable damsel of sweet sixteen, whose maternal guardian was desirous of placing in the market matrimonial on very easy terms. These darkies were possessed of quite an elaborate description of dwelling and had in addition to the usual pack of dogs an equal number of cats, which latter fact, coupled with the propensity both men and WQifteq bad to play pitch and toss, might account for t^e prevalence amongst them of catarrh, from wfeipfr ?B08t of tfce® were suffering. (To be continued.) 