and dtaqrai Jtps. * CATHOWO—Mass will be celebrated in tbe Church, Nowra, to-morrow. IssoLVENcy.—The sehoduleor Edward Cregan of Braidwood, has been filed, tbe insolvency being attributed to want of sufficient employment. His liabilities are £170 17s.. and he estimates his assets at £34 10s. The official assignee is Mr. 8. Lyons. NEW LINE OF STEAMERS.—It is reported that the Viotorinn Government have accepted Messrs. Green's offer to run a line of steamers to Melbourne via the Capo. Tho stegmers aro to alternate with the Suez Boats, making thiitcen trips a year, for a subsidy ot £30,000. CROWN LAND SALE.—A sale of Government town lots will take place at the Police Office, Nowra, on Wednesday, tho 15th day of August next, consisting of 10 lots of 1 rood 36 perches each in section 2; 7 lots of 2 roods each in section 2 ; 5 lots of 2 roods each in section 3 ; 7 lots of'2 roods each in section 12 ; and 6 lots of 2 roods each in section 17. in the village of Nowra, parish of Nowra, and comity of St. Vincent. TALISMAN.—Tho race-horse Talisman (by Tarragon, dam Variety) which was trained by Mr. Miller of Chat8bury and won both the Maiden Plate and the Mares Producc Stakes at the last Goulburn Spring Races, has been purchased from Mr. J. W. Chisholtn of WoIIogorang f>>r stub purposes, and was taken by train on Thursday last to Sutton Forest in possession of his new owner, Mr. James Cullcu of Burrawang.—Goulburn A rgus. LIGHTBOOSE JERVIS BAY.— A correspondent signing himself " A Traveller" says a wonderful improvement has been effected in the recent erection of a substantial fine building for the use of the lighthouse-keeper at Jervis Bay, and great praUe is lavished upon tho contractor, Mr. George Tory, but our correspondent deplores tho state of the road to the lighthouse and siigtiestb that '.be people should urge the representative of the distiict, Mr. Warden, to use his influence in obtaining a grunt of money say, £200 or £250 to form and put the road in question in a thorough state of repair. PROPOSED IOXTRNIJITURE T'or. UOAHS.—In tbe Legislative Assembly, on Friday last,, the following resolution, moved by Mr. Garrett in Committee of the Whole, was adopted, reported, to the House, ami agreed to :—" That an address lie presented to tho Governor, praying that his Excellency will bo pleased to causc provision to be made on a further additional Estimate for 1R77, to add to tho grunt* srl apart for the repair and maintunanco of the main and minor roads ot the colni.y for tin; present year, at the fullowins ralej viz.:—Main and 1st and 2nd class minor roads, SU percent. ; 5th and Gib class minor roads, 100 per cent." GooDENOrGH.—Woods, Barber and Co, tho carrying lirni, give the following certificate —" This is to certify that we, the un iersi«;nod have used the ' Gundenough ' horse-shoo and system on our seventy-seven (77) draught horse for tho past two (2) months to our entire satisfaction, finding our horses pull heavier loads with greater ease, and slip !c»s than when shod on thu old system with calked shoos. We also lir.d that certain horses that have been troubled for years with corns and contracted heels, are now rapidly improving, and we arc satisfied that ero long they will recover entirely from the evil effects of the old and unatural system of burning nn<l iiiuiilsiiinj; tin; IVut. Wo do not hesitate in ndvising all hors" owm-rs to use the ' Goodenough ' shoe, «s uu doubt they will find from its use as much benefit as we have. NEW ZEALAND.—A CATDCKRANI IL.itt.-il from Wellington, Wednesday, says Messrs. B.imett and Levy, proprietors of the Auckland Thuntit*, have called a meeting of their creditors. Their liabilties are stated to be £20,000, aud their £23,000. It is said tlutt the bunks arc causing a eommeicial crisis. SLAUGHTER OF MISSIONARY AND FAMILY.— Intelligence is icceived of the terrible slaughter of a Moravian missionary and family at the settlement of Lancio, on the Labrador coast, during the absence of the younger ministers from the tnission-hoUBR, HII.1 while tho only oc cupants were two fechle clergymen, the son of ono of them (a paralytic) and bis two sisters. The names of the victims aro Rev. W. Boliffe, who has spout thirty years in Labradui ; Ernaud Boliffe, his sun ; and Charlotte and Anile, his daughters. The bodies were frightfully mangled, and a lai'|>u quantity of English and Canadian money stolen. The murder is believed to bo traceable to four Esquimaux who had been refused rum at the mission.—New York Herald. A JUVENILE INDUSTUY EXIIIUITION.—Australian Juvenile Exhibition has just been mooted in Ballarat. Victoria, and steps am being taken to hold the first Exhibition of this sort iu March, 1878. We have le^eived a circular from tho hon. secretary in which is set forth the objects of tho exhibition, which aro stated to be as follows:—To enlist the sympathies and arouse the oneirics of the young p»ople to compete in works of industry and usefulness and impress on parents, their sons and daughter the dignity and honor of labour ; to cultivate the inyentitivo faculties of those who are in trades, and show proficiency, OIBO those who may be following other occupations ; to enable all to show their handiwork, and obtain new ideas from each other; to cultivate their minds for useful employment and recreation during leisure hours ; to create a taste for the lino arts and ornamental works so as to make home attractive. The executive committee invite tho young people of both sexes all over the Australian colonies, of every age und station, under 21 years of age, to assist in making tho exhibition a success. The office of the committee is at No. 5 Stuit-slreet, Ballarat, Victoria. HORRIBLE CASE AT LONGBOTTOM.—Tuesday fore noon it was perceived tbot a fearful stench as of a decomposing body, was emanating from a small house at Longboitom, iu the occupation of Margaret Fanning, aged about 64 years, a widow. Thomas Carroll, of Longbottom, broke into the house, and was horrified at finding Mrs Fanuing lying fully dressed in her bed, her body heinginan advanced Btate of decomposition. On the same bed with ihe body was deceased's little granddaughter, aged about 4 years, just alive, and in a very weok state. Daceasod was last seen alive on tbe 7th instant, by Thomas Hinds, baker, of Longbottom, when delivering bread to her, and her death in all probability took pi ice ou the night in question Since that time the poor little grandchild had been without food, and exposed to the effluvia arising from the decaying body. It is a wonder that, under BUCII circumstances, she remained alive so long The little girl has been .taken care of by Mrs. Casey, of Longbottom, and is likely to do well. Theru was a great deal of blood about the face, neck, and shoulders, as if death had resulted from the bursting of a blood vessel. Deceased has a eon and daughter living at Bahnain. Her house was isolated from other dwellings. The place was locked, as if the house had been shut up in the usual manner before Mrs. Fanning and her granddaughter had retired to rest. —Echo, HQLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.—Bowel Complainis, Diarrhoea.—When those disease prevail immediate recourse should be hBd to this Ointment, which should be <vcll rubbed two or three times a dsy 'upon the abdnmen, and the iutestiaal irritation will gradually subside. All inflamatioc will be subdued and excessive aetiou restrained. This treatment assisted by judicious doses of Holloway's Pills, is applicable to all, farms af dierrhcea and dysentry, attended by heart sickness, griping, flatulence,''and other distressing apd dangerous svnipteins. 'After rubbing in the. Ointment a flanuel binder should be worn, and the patient should be restricted to a fariUHcious diet for. few days, till the ureeucy,: of the disease has beeu diminished bv the persevering emplbyment of theie remedies.—ADV. much opposed to the Queen going to Scotin the present crisis. Other members o« tho Cabinet, it is said, hold the same opinion. An International 3ritjsh celebration of her Majesty's birthday has been held at St. Peters burgh, Virginia. Il lasted three days. There was a very large gathering, every British association in Canada and the United States being represented, and Americans exhibiting marsed sympathy. Prince Bismarck's rotnm to Biirlin, almost immediately after the dismissal of the French Cabinet, was looked upon an an indication of speedy action ufjaiust Kranco. Thbohangois regarded as bringing tho Ultramontane party into power. He has since proceoded to Kidhingen. It haB been stated that Marshal M'Mahon in- - tends resigning if another Republican Assembly is elected. The Turkich Parliament is exhibiting considerable dissatisfaction at the conduct of the war. On the 22nd tho Chamber of Deputies voted the impeachment of the late Vizier, Malnnoud Pasha. A gross act of treachery on the part of Russia was noticed by the Berlin correspondent of the Times. A man named Krysiuski, a leader in the Polish insurrection of 18G3, who escaped applied for leave to return In answer he WRB invited to come back. On doing so, he was tried and sentenced to banishment in Siberia. He made his escape, was caught, and tried a second time aud shot. In the tiring betweeu Ealafat and Widdin the Standard correspondent at the latter place states that tho Roumanian guns wore directed aijainst tho military hospital at Widdin, which was Hying the red cross. Several or tho invalids were killed, and others were wounded. A large number ot gentlemen who have served in tho British army are about entering tho Turkish army, and it is thought that thoy will make their presence felt, as did their predecessors iu 1844 and 1845. A telegram from Vienna in the Standard of May 30 states that Count Schouvaloff has assured Piince Bismarck that Russia covets iio aequisitiou of territory in European Turkey Armenia as far as Kaie, excluding Erzeroum, so as not to interfere with English interests near the Euphrates, provided that English neutrullily is not changed during the further events of the war. A great demonstration took placo on May 20, at Belgrade, tbe capital of Sorvia, in favour of Russia. The date of the departure of the Czar from Buckaresl is purposely nut made known. The frequent accidents on the Roumanian railways has given rise to a fear that a conspiracy to cause his doath is afloat. Advices from Genera! Loris Mdikuff received at St. Petersburg, state that thu Musiilman population have risen en masse since tbe proclamaation of the fetwa by the Sliiuk-uI-Islam. Goneial Sescheff, it is said, has been compelled to retreat before Circassian insurgent. The natives of Abkasia as well as the Circassians are, it is stated, now in full insurrection. The effect produced by the insurrection in llio Caucasus, the Vienna corri'sp&ndeut; of the Times says, seeuis to bo all the greater in Russia as it was quito unexpected. All accounts previous to the war were sucli as to excite no apprehension about a possible rising there. The race between Boyd and Higgins was rowed iu ihe icmptests of wind and rain, and the river was lashed into angry roar. As Boyd was known to be suffering from at: attack of boils, the betting was strongly iu favour of Higgins. A clear lead of two lengths was gained at tho start by Boyd, who from that moment held the race secure, Him'gins not having a ghost of a chance against bim. Altogether it was a hollow affair. The Daily Telegraph commenting on the rare says there was a space of at least 200 yards lu-iwenn the men as Boyd went under Barnes' Bridge; and that he could have won by a quarter of a milo is unileniablo hail he not judiciously slackened his pace ; as it was Higgsus, who "showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behin l at tbe finish. Boyd won iu 28 minutes 24 seconds, by Benson's chronometer wat'.:h. With Ilia stakes of £400 and tim sculler's championship, Boyd also took us a challenge trophy the liadsouie cup given by the prnpritniH of a Nrweastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd or Blackmail will go to Australia and there compete with Trickett, who last Juno easily defeated Joseph Sadler for tbe Thames championship, but 'declined before leaving England to low with Higgins. The following account of the sinking a second Turkish ironclad in the Danuhe is telegraphed by the special correspondent of the Times at Buckharest:—"One of the most daring deeds ever recorded iu the history of warfare was performed on the Lower Danube, near Ihraila, on Saturday morning, May 26. A small detachment of Russian soliders, commanded by Lieutenant Dubusrbiff. accompanied by the commander of the Roumanian fiutillu, Major Murgesen, left the northern shore of tliti Danubeill a number of small boats and proceeded towards the point l'otra Fetei, beiow .Machiu, and' opposite Ibraila, at which point there wonstationed n large Turkish monitor. '] he night was very dark, and they managed to biu'rouuclthe monitor bbfore being discovered by the Turkish sentries on board. They v/civ challenged, and ' who goes there' rang out on tho night air,. Major Murgesen replied in Turkish, 'friends.' The Turks evidently not satisfied, commenced firing in the direction of Matchin, not knowing where these boats were. During the firing, several of the Russian soldiers, under the direction of Lieutenant Dubascbeff, plunged intothu water, swam silently to the hull of the ironclad vessel, and placed the deadly torpedo in. close contact with the bottom of tho monitor. After tbe destructive machine bad been securely fastened, and the wire of an electric battery had been accurately adjusted, the men retired tothe neighbouring shore of the river, and at half-past 3 in the morning the monitor was blown into the air, with all the officers and crew The fate of the second Turkish monitor already' sent to the bottom of the Danube with all on board, showB how futile is the expectation that gunboats can maintain the mastery of a river lined with hostile batteries, filled with enemies as resolute as the men whose deeds are recorded above. 