: rarMvELLEs. ' M0RMQN3SM. [BY OUR THAVJ3LLINO CONTIUBtTTOi;.] I do not propose to write a history of Mor. trfonism, nor to divo very deeply into the mysteries o£ that religion. For a religion it in; and absurd and contradictory aa it ap pears to mo and other Gentiles, as all non Mormon3 are designated by the Latter Day Saints, it is believed in most devoutly by the 125,000 Mormons who are to-day residont in tlm -Hnrrifnrv nf TTfr,fl.li n.iid bv tilOBG IHGD1' bers o£ the so-called Zion who are still dwellers in other portions of the world. I had always been under the impression that the only believers in Morryoniam v/ero the officers of the church, who grew rich by the imjjoaturo, and the common people who were recruited from among the mo3t debased and ignorant of the populations of Europe. Such i3 not altogether the case. There is no doubt that Morinoaism, with the polygamy which it -wicourage3, degradea woman from the position which she occupies in Christendom to the condition of females among the poorer classes ,pf Musselmea. A Mormon woman is not, except in very rare cases, as well off as the petted and spoiled inmata- of the harem. She is rather like the fellahine, who shares the labora of her husband, but not his joys and pleasures, and who imagines that she will occupy the same subordinate position in the next world which sho suffers in this. To Mustapha are the black-eyed houris and tho shady groves, the rippling fountains and tho ^efreahing sherbet. Poor Fatima can only oxpeot to be a handmaiden, or serving girl at the best ; and so with the Latter-day sainteBS. Her position in the next world is, in her idea, that of an appanage upon Bomomanto whom sho has been either married or scaled in the world below. If she dio oither too young to- have- been married, or if she have not been lucky enough to secure a spouse, sho may got into the abode of tho blessed in tho capacity of a daughter. Upon her own merits ehe would bo nowhere. Can any one imagine a more degrading position for tho softer box ? Slavo3 and paramours in thia world j mere depondenta in tho next. And yet the most devout Mormons are to bo found nmongst tho women. During my stay at Salt Lake City I made tho acquaintance of two ladies— I employ tho term advisedly, for they wore both women of education and oul turo, and botweou them edited a newspaper called Woman's Exponent. In reply to tho storootyped question as to what I thought of Salt Lake City, I replied that Icouldnpee.k favorablyiof tho industry and good order of the pooplo, but that I knew vary liltlo about their religion or their sooial life. Ono of tho ladiew, Mrs. E. E. Snow (a lady who baa written so much verso that eho is known as Iho Mormon pootoss), turned upon mo with Bomo vohcmeuco and aaid, ?' It is to our ro ligion and to our social lifo wo nro tho most devoted. What can I evor expect to see in thoso wilds to compensate mo for tho homo tod tho friondB that 1 have loft behind in Masraaobunotta. It ia my religion which I lovo, and for which I «m prepared to inako nay Gaorifice,' Hor companion, who was a Scotchwoman, wont on further — 'I loft my native land mid brought with mo my two eons. Thoy throw up comfortublo positions nud bright prospects, and thoy worked hora no laborers. Do you think that anything but faith would have mado mo leavo my old homo to build a now ono in theso mountains?' Tho two ladles told mo that, iu addition to their domoiiio duties, tho ivoincii of Utah v/oro entrusted with an important! duty, that of storing grain for Boaoons of scarcity, mid ovou onoonrngod to [irovido tho moana for ita purohnae by vari-1 ouo littlo rotionolunonta, oiuih aa diauonauiy With lino olothcs and jowollory, of which tho Indies of Utah aooiu juat na fond na thoir sfotcra in tho Knutorn Statos. Tho Mormon ' tndiou havo paid homo nttontion to acri culturu of Into, and ni-nonr juufj na sanguino about future grout rosultn aa tho ino.it ontluiuirwtio mombora of tho Viotoriau Silk Culturo Ausooiution. Tbo roligioua litoraturo of tho Mormons ia irotty voluminous. At tlio bookstand of tho lotol in* whloh I stayed — au hotul which 'or aho and appointments hna vary fow tanoribra in any oity of Victoria — wore nomo wo or thrco -and twouby volumes, from tho Nook of Mormon, which is tho toxt-book of be religion,, down to tho report of a diaonn* Ion botwoen Orson1 Pratt, vnxp nppenra to bo Jo priuoipnl theologian of tho Lnttor-l)ay taints, . and tho llov, Dr. ' Nowraau, mi minont MotliocUnb divino, who oooupioa a Igli position in Ids denomination, hruaohea t tho Metropolitan Ohuroh, . Wiwhinuton, 'stands ovor' President Grout and uhlof fttuUoo Wall*, and was nob long* ago* Bolootod iy tho United States Gtovorumonb to travel II ovor Kuropoaud Asia ou a tour of iu» pootlon ovor tho various Unttodl SUtoa 'putuhtoa. Tho objooti of tho diaous* iou wob— ' Dooa tho Biblo oauotiou ?lygfttny, ?' Of oQuvao tho, report. I c«il euiauatod1 ftoiu, Mormon aourooa, md. powiiWy, imfc.aj,. p-- .JoUawm »JU ' ** ways took caro, when he was reporting tho debates in tho Houso of Commons, that the Whigs should get the worst of the argument, so did tho Saint who chronicled tho dispute so contrive that victory should light upon the banners of the Mormon. I had met Dr. Newman in Washington society, where ho enjoyed the reputation of being a man who could do rather more than hold hia own, but ho certainly was very small beer in the hands of Pratt, who proved himself to bo rather a Valentine than an Orson, for he got tho best of the doctor in argument, and so belabored him with texts that ho was at last completely silenced, and the Mormon divine came off triumphant. Aperusal of the Latter Day Theology leads me to the con olusion that they believe in tho doctrines of redemption, bnt they superadd four items of faith as necessary for salvation — belief in tho atonement of Christ, remission of sins, baptism by immersion, administered by some ono authorised of Christ, and the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. All those who. comply with these conditions ob tain forgiveness of their sins, are made par takers of the Holy Ghost, enjoy the gifts of prophecy and healing, visions, reve« lationa, and power of working mira cle&. The *Mormon3 believe in the literal gathering of Israel, and the restoration of the ton tribes ; that) Zion will bo established on the Western Continent — ono branch at Salt Lake City, the other somewhere on the banks of the Missouri — that Christ will reign personally on the earth for a thousand years ; and that tho earth will be renewed and receive ita paradisaical glory. The Mormon hierarchy consists of the president,, twelve apo3tlea, prophets, pastors, teachers, &o.;, some elcoted by the people, others appointed by Brigham Young. Polygamy is not the rule but rather tho ex ception, but it is enjoined upon all Mormons that they should have aa many wives as they can support, an injunction which they seem to obay with great readi ness. I asked ono elderly Mormon whether the ladies were never jealous. Ho replied that thoy worenot, but, on the contrary, the wives constantly urged their huabanda to get oven more married than they were already, and were very fond of playing the part of match makers, not for their sons and daughters, bub for their husbands. So much for the Mor mon view of tho ortso. Persons who have left the church assort, on the other hand, that the women feel bitterly their degraded position under polygamy. One thing is quite cortaiu, there ia no means by wiiich tho Saints can compel women to marry them. Utah is presided over by an United States Governor who has no sympathy with tho Mormons ; the judiciary and executive are in tho hands of tho Gentiles, the guns of Camp Douglas frown upon the city of Brig ham Young. Any woman, even if brought up a Mormon, could leave the church, aud sho would find plenty, of assistance from tho Gentiles of any city in the territory. Many womon havo ao left, and no attempt has been made to molest thorn, for the Mormons are wise enough nob go kick against tho pricks, but to accept tho inevitable. There waa 'a timo when tho president and the apostles and tho bishops were absolute. It is now so no longer. I am forced, therefore, to boliovo that the womon who coutraot these polygamous marriages do so with their eyes open, and, shocking na it may soera, are quite coutontod with their destiny. . The Mormon marnngeaaroof two kinds, temporal andoeloa* tial ; marriages for time, marriages for eternity. A woman may bo the celestial wife of one man and tho temporal wife of another. Widows, for oxamplo, although, tho colea. tinl husband ia in tho other world, may if thoy ploaso contract a temporal and tem porary union in this. Marriages by widows aro, howovor, loss common amongst 'Mormons than amongst other folks. My saintly frieud informod mo that although Kiinbnll, ono of tho prinoipal oldera of the church, had been dead for sevon or eight years, not onp of his fourteen widows had married again. Thoy woro all Awaiting tho timo when thoy could rojoin thoir lord. in tho next world.: It is atraugo thn!', with strong views about tho sanotity of marriage, di« vorco should be permitted atnongab them. Bub so ib is, Eliza Young,, who has givon so muoh scandal to ; tho Mormon community by leaving the prosi dout, Biiing' him for alimony, and lobturiug against polygamy in tho Eastern States, was a divoroeo whou Brigham married hor, 'iSholod n oat and dog lifo with hor bus band,' said my informant, 'and so gob divoraed from him, aud want to liva with hor child mn at tho houso of hor father and mother, Sho and they ran after tho I'rcuidont to gob him to marry hor. Ho did not run nftor hor. Thoro dooa not gooiu to bo any mlo aboub tho homo lifo of tho Mor mouo. Sumut inios, iu tho c\tjo of mon of moano, I'aoh wifo haa a separate) eatabliob.. monti. lu othera all tho wivoa live together, aud uhuro tho household or farm dutioi. Most persona who havo visited tho Mor. monu nutioip.ito that nftor tho douth of Biigham Younu tho ooumuunty will break up, uuloaa it hnu boon previously abaorbod by tho Ooutilo olcmonb. I havooouto to a dilToi-unb oonoluaiou. T hero can bo no doubt about tho groat oxooutivo aud (ulmiuistrntivo ability of Briaham Young. Originally an liuliauft osrpoutor, and with but lufclo oa«oo« tlou&l; advnntagoa, ho has ahowu all tho quftUtloa of a croab loader of mou. Hahiw urovod himBoic equal to ovory «morg«aoy. By turns oxploror, lawglvon diplomatist, ouginoor, arohiteo^ soldier auu fluauoicr, ho him dlBplayad' In. oaoh oapaoity abllUt«a o( tho higttosb order. It waa no aovall foat to bring tho Mormohi iu 1840*47 through tho plains of Nebraska, aud tho mountains of Wyoming, aoroM doop and rapid1 ilrewu through oonutry iufoatod by lloron and ho^Wo Indian*, to thft unorwi or QMt Lake, to induce his followero by patient industry to subdae tho wilderness and con verb tho desert into a garden, to fortify the passes and canons leading to the valley in such a manner that United States troop3 thought it imprudent to enter tho settlement ; to initiate a oyatom of irrigation, water aupply and sewage ; to temporise in 3uch a man ner with tho Washington authorities that at the present time, ho ia virtually tho despot of the Mormon portion of tho Utah population. The city of the saints 13 aa well laid oul as Mel bourne, which ia saying a great deal, and, like ife, streams o£ water run down every street, though candor compels ma to admit that they are cleaner and brighter than the ditches which disgrace Elizabeth and Swan sfcon otreeta. The tabernacle buiifc by Brig ham Young will, it is said, seat from SQOO to 10,000 people. But ita acoustic properties are so good that a person speaking in a con versational tone can be heard from ona end to the other, while the arrangements for emptying the ongregatioa in case of fire are perfect, there being twenty four doors, all of which . open out wards. The enemies o£ Brigham Young point out tho darker features of his cha racter. They assert that he a responsible for the outrages committed by Mormons upon emigrant trains, and that he was the con ' triver of the Mountain Meadow massacre twenty years ago, for which ono Mormon, Lee, was 'lately executed, and that he has acquired so . much wealth that, in addition to the large amount of property owned by him in Utah he has many hundreds of thousands sterling invested in Eagli3h securities. Of the troth of these statements I know nothing, but I have formed the very highest estimate of President Young's abilities. It appears to me, however, that Mormonism {3 too well established to depend for ita existence upon the life of any ono man. As 'a religions system it may be detestable, butas a political it, is certaialy a success. Thepeople — who when they arrive are wrotchealy poor ; who are recruited fFom amongst the humbleat classes in tho most poverty-stricken countries of Europe— gradually acquire, if not wealth, at least competence. They give largely to the church and public purposes, but the residue of their means seems to main tain them comfortably, and tho farms and cottage3 of Utah aro certainly not inferior to those of tho Western States. No one, that is to say, no ono outsido the hierarchy, knowa what becomes of the contribu tions of the faithful, how much is expended upon immigration, how much upon tho relief of tho poor, the aged and the sick, how much upon education, how much ia sacked by Brigham and hia friends. But immigrants do come, tho poor slid sick ara cured for, the children aro educited, of course as Mormons, and taught to sing little hymns in which they trill out — Oil, hcr.v happy I ought.to lie .For, daddy, I'm a Alomon And . . .. ? ' Tho God that others worship is toi the GoJ for mo; A church without a prophet is not the church for ma; i ' ~ A church without apostles is not' the church for » «»»? i Tlic hope that QcUUffl cherish is :ofc the Uopa tor me; \ - ' It Uai no faith nor kmwledge. t.u from it I would b3.' \ - - - &o.;, fco., and Brigham waxes fat; And pros» poreth. One instance of hia shrewdness was told mo. Ho invariably recommends hia followers to abstain f om miuiug investments. Thoro are some oxocl lent mines ia the terri tory — coal, oopper, silver and gold ; the famous Emma mine i- in Utah ; bet the saints keep clear of thorn. \ Tho Mormons work in them, but they leave tho shares severely alone. Tho policy of Brighan Youug is so grow tho grain for tho minom to sou them butter, eggs and milk, aud leave tho losrsca and' tho profits to moh : of lonier heads and larger means; Those moat umiliar with mining investments ? in Viototb will realiao tho sound souse of President Young's Advice. Tho very - polygamy / which is so1 atro oious in its social aspjot ' i» not aor altogether unwisq polmoally. Not withstanding tho largo infant mortality —how Urge no one oaujtell, for r«gtatration ia unknown in Utah-ftho 'population in- 'oroosos with great rapidity; There' aro faw women within the obilil.be.triug agoa who aro not mothers. Ona patrlaroh 19 tho father of ltfty sous ami twolye daujjhtorst aud thero aro sovornl whoso contributions totao popn* latton of Utah aro noairly as large. Tho travellers who! prophooy tha Bpo«dy collapse of Mormouina base their opiuious upon tho gradual inoroasa ot tbo 6-ontil« population m Utah, t aeo littlo or no proa* pcob of any ouch coutingonoy, I took somo pain j to naoortuiu what proportion of tho 130,000 persons whof Hw in' tho country wore Gontilea — tho otlciala, of tiift XJnit«d States assert ouo-eiith. The Mormons claim that; nino-tanths of tha wholu oommuuity belong to! Zion. Probably tha inoiui botwoou tho t\rt- oxtn5JU-»a would be aboub corrects which vvpuld filva 20,000 Gkm» tiloa to i:i0,(M)O Mormons Thia ^laoos the croator nortiou of political power iu tha hnmla of Brigham Youiw $ud his followei-s, Tlva Qovoruor and tha EsoouUvo, the Judiciary nud tho Mjiwhala, vrho aro a opacioa of United Stiles polioe, aro ap- pointed from Washinflbdu, batof th« tweniy* sis: niombara of tho! Utah Legislature twouty.llvo aro Mortuonf, aud tbo 6atn.-i pw» porUon holds good In Iho owo - of tho iufarior jmlgos, tho mtaiatrafov ahd the iiulos. UnlosB, therefore, tho United States Govornmont woro to Iniorfaro anAdtsfran« ohito tho Mormons, -jr take some skc^ equally extraordinary and repugnant to American uations, tho S*lnt* inupi ftavo tho lion's, sharo . of tho povwr, Xlievoannot go outeld* the-Uyr toptmcute CUaUDm^ ancl they would ba carafnl about doing any thiag which, would bring ' about that Interference which, thsy dread. Bat inr side the law the chnrcb. ia afl-powerf aL It is only quito recently that ib has been possible to bring any of tho per* petrators of tho Mountain Meadow mas sacre to justice, and,' without packing a jury, it would be impossible to get a conviction for bigamy. ' It is just 33 impossible,' said xn United States official to me, 'for us to deal with a wholo people who are banded together against ua as it it would be for the United States troops to protect all the negroes in the SouthMt they went to tho polls to vote the Republican ticket, or for the British Govern ment fco catch all tho fleas far1 London;' A forcible, it inelegant; way of putting the case. Tho legislative power being ia Mor mon hands, tho leaders are astute enough to use it bo aa to make Utah a very unpleasant place for outsiders. The United States Homestead Law allcwa any one to take up waste land outside the Iimit3 of corporate towns/ The Utah Legis lature has so extended the boundaries of their 'towns that they include 'nearly the whole territory. If a Mormon' sslscte land thero is- no opposition. If a Gentile wish to do so he- is at once prevented. The Saints find Utah attractive ; outsiders, except a few engaged in mining and trading, do nob To a Mormon the Salt Lake Valley is the pro mised land; there he will nud everything that he desires, to ba obtained by hard work; it is true, bat still to ba obtained. To a Gentile Utah ranks- below a dozen states and territories which lie west of the Missouri, between the Dominion of Canada and the Mexican frontier, and it ia Ies3 attractive than many because of the pressnea there or the Mormon. The above was written before the death of Brigham Young. I still adhere to the opinions which 1 formed upon the spoi six months ago. Unles3 there ia soras inter ference from without, and the condition of affairs in Utah is not much more abnormal than in some portions of the South, I see no reason to beliovo that the condition of affairs at Salt Lake City will materially alter. 