FATHER FABIAN. The Honk df Maliam Tower. ' "CHAPTER XXXIX. — (Gont'mued.) CHALFONTS REVISITED. 'X c '1 Oh, the- girls must igive up their i room to the' young married folk ; they will do very well in'the old nursery." : . i '«« I am ' sure it's verv kind of you and Mrs. Redmayne. But, doctor, I am dying to know why Mr. Aubrey and his sister are not to go to the Hall." "I hope you will not die, Mrs. Drewitt; hut really I know no more than you do. I was not' even aware till I had the telegram that the Southerleigh Seatons were in England. They have been wandering about' the face of the globe for the last five years.. General Seaton thought his nephew slighted him, and he was very much annoyed ; for they seemed to take to ' each other when young Aubrey paid that visit after -Mrs. Seaton's death. I confess I cannot make the young fellow out. After behaving qUite dutifully to his uncle and winning his favour, off he steals, and never once comes back again"; and, What is worse,. never answers, the General's letters when he writes to him ; I believe the General wrote three several times, and not a word did he receive in reply. It was uncourteous, to say the least of it. " "Mr! Aubrey seemed anything but that! Perhaps he was ordered not to write. Those Roman Catholics are bound hand and foot, I am told, and can do nothing but what their clergy sanction. I can't fancy that young man being rude or unkind. When he found out the in heritance of Seatondale was gone from him, he took it as meek as a lamb. No Protestant could have behaved better." "And a great many Protestants would have behaved worse, lam afraid. Dear me, I quite, forgot that he was a Roman Catholic ! What will the world say to the Rector of Chalfonts entertaining two professed Romanists ?" " They will say, doctor, what is always true of you and Mrs. Redmayne, that you were ready to entertain strangers ! Given to hospi tality! And being who they arc, and the occasion being what it is. no one with any sense or any charity could possibly lay blame to you ; and as for the senseless, uncharitable folk, they may as well prate about one thing as another; they harm themselves far more than their neighbours, for an evil tongue always meets with its recompense, sooner or later," "I congratulate you on your good sound sense add charitable disposition, Mrs. Drewitt. Well, then, that is settled, and as I know you are extraordinarily busy, I will not keep you from your duties. " "Thank you, doctor; I wish everybody was as thoughtful ! But there's just one thing more ; snail they go straight to the Rectory, or come here first ?" "I shall send my own carriage to Farleton Station to- meet their train. You need not trouble yourself in the least, Mrs. Drewitt. Good day." Accordingly, when in the dusk of the Decem ber afternoon, Aubrey and Miilicent stepped on to the platform of the little fell-side station, they 'were not slightly surprised to be accosted by a ; brisk-looking, dark-eyed young lady, muffled in cloak ana furs, with — i- " Mr. and Miss Seaton, I presume ?" '"It was Jessie Redmayne, who had come in her father's carriage to meet and welcome the strangers, and she quickly explained why she was there. "Papa would have come himself," saidJessie, " but he has many things to attend to, and there is the funeral to-morrow. Is this all your luggage ? Oh, we can take it easily if you don't mind being a little crowded. The carriage is ready, and I had the foot-warmers refilled while we waited for your train. It is real winter weather, is it not?" And almost before they knew what had happened, the Seatons found themselves packed snuggly, with plenty of wraps, into the doctor's comfortable close carriage. As Miilicent said, it was the most charming surprise they had ever had ! Not expecting to see a friendly face except Mrs. Drewitt's it came like a glow of sunshine on the snow, to be welcomed, and Cared for, and made one of the Rectory family so cordially and without ceremony. They had heard at Keirmouth that the funeral was to take place next day, and, of course, Aubrey was well aware that the General would be laid beside his wife in the vault of the grand old Priory Church. Dr. Redmayne and Aubrey had met before, more than once, oh the occasion of the Matter's sojourn in Fellshire; but the reverend gentle man declared that without an- introduction he should scarcely have believed the young man to be the same. The Aubrey of six, nay, six and a Half years ago, was little more than a boy, and his countenance wore the aspect of one still in youthful trammels. It was a very pleasant face that Dr. Redmayne recalled, but still a boyish face ; and he almost startled with surprise when, in the full light of his own hall lamp, he gave a hearty, welcome to his guest. For this Aubrey was a man indeed, with strength of purpose, and vigour of intellect, and fervour of spirit written on every lineament. The doctor was charmed, and rejoiced at the happy chance which had brought his visitors to the Rectory. And while they were preparing for dinner, ho found opportunity to say to his wife — " Flora, my dear, I don't know when I have seen a yOung fellow I have takeu to so much at first sight. He does not look so very young though, and, now I come to think of it, he cannot be far off thirty.. , That is a man to hold his own, and to leave his mark en the history of his day and generation. He knows. a- thing or two, and will form his own unbiassed judgment. He will be no priest-ridden victim, as they say his father was. How I wish we could convert him to a. good, sound, orthodox Protestantism !" ., Aubrey and Miilicent passed a very pleasant evening; The Misses Redmayne and Miss Seaton became excellent friends, and found plenty to talk about. Miilicent was pleased to hear of her uncle and her little cousin, and she asked many questions which the Redmayne girls, who hadj seldom visited Seatondale of late years, were unable to answer. Also there was the difficulty of the two conflicting faiths, and once or twice, in speaking of merest iuci" dents, both Clara and' Jessie felt themselves liable to 'be tossed fon the" horns 'of a wicked dilemma. ; It was not easy to reply to all Mili- cent's queries without some reference to religious matters, especially as Mr. Fabian's name could not well bo kept out of the conversation. " Mr. Fabian, . I believe, professes himself of the Anglican faith !" observed Miss Seaton, After something had been said about the guardianship of the heiress. "Ho does, Miss Seaton," replied Mrs. Red mayne. "He still, like many others of hiB clique, remains iu the communion of our Church. But I do not hesitate to say his place is with you, and not with us." " With me ?" asked Miilicent, smilling. " Why, yes, my dear young lady ; he is undoubtedly a Roman Catholic at heart. I have thought so a long time, a man's proper place is among his own people. I should have some respect for Mr. Fabian, who is un doubtedly a man of marvellous gifts and deep learning, if he would nail his own colours, and not ours, to the mast." " But, Mrs. Redmayne, I am a Protestant." " You don't say so ! Oh, my dear Miss Seaton, what a blessing ! How delighted my good husband will be ! And if our dear friend the General, had but known !" . " Perhaps he does know now, " said Miilicent, thoughtfully. "Perhaps the dead— or they we call the dead — watch ' with larger, other eyes than ours ;' who can tell ?" "Ah, who can tell?" sighed Mrs. Redmayne. " But, my dear, you cannot imagine how pleased I am ! How did it all come about ?" '? My' version, as the Guardian would say ? I canuot tell you, -for I scarcely know myself. - No one talked to me, and I read no contro versial books. I only read my Bible and the 'Pilgrim's Progress;' and I think God's Spirit was with me, and opened my eyes, and led me into the paths of simple truth. That is all." And that was all that Miilicent would have told any one, excepting her brother. She had a sensitive shrinking from narrating her religious experiences. Her own inner life, her inmost heart, was too sacred to be laid open to human inspection. " I am not ashamed of my conversion," she used to say to Aubrey ; "bat I deprecate above all things being quoted as ' an interesting case.'" Meanwhile, Dr. Redmayne, left alone with his guest in the dining-room, was learning with intense surprise that which was yet unknown, though it had been slightly rumoured at Southerleigh, and that which when published would be called "the apostaey of the young Seatons from the ancient faith of their ances tors." " Do I understand you aright, Mr. Seaton ?" asked the doctor, scarcely daring to trust his own ears. " Are you in very deed and truth a Protestant P" " Iu very deed and very truth ! . And I am a stronger Protestant than hundreds brought up within the pale of your own Church." " No doubt, because you would feel your way at every step of the road, and you would take nothing for granted. Also, there has set in, I am sorry to say — but it is of no use ignoring the fact — a steady reaction Homewards in our English Church. I wish — I do wish I had known this earlier !" " And wherefore, Dr. Redmayne ?" " On your little cousin'B behalf. But I forget you know nothing about your own family affairs. Fabian — who I am convinced is a Jesuit ! and I am not one to see ghosts in broad daylight, mind you ! — Fabian is left that child's guardian. And but for me he would have been sole guar dian. Think of that !" And then the doctor told Aubrey all that the reader of these pages knows so well, but with which the young man was totally unacquainted. He listened, of course, with the deepest interest. "If only the General had known that you had abjured the errors of Popery," said the doctor, lifting up his hands; "if only he had known two short weeks ago, all this trouble about Fabian might have been avoided. I wonder now if he will act with Mrs. Clifford and Miss Armstrong. The ladies devoutly hope — not ! If he decline, it is their privilege to choose some other gentleman in his place, for the child must have one male guardian, who, however, will not have the custody of her person. Who would have so great a right as yourself ? Who could be better fitted for the post than the child's own Protestant kinsman J" "You mentioned the names of two ladies?" interrupted Aubrey. "Mrs. Clifford I re member very well; who did you say was the other ?" " Miss Armstrong— Edith Armstrong. She came as Beatrice's governess and friend, after the dismissal of that precious Humbug of a Mademoiselle Annette, who tried to poison them all. But she is no common person, and the General who had his wits about him to the last, soon found that out ; in fact, he made a sort of eldest daughter of her, and I believe the poor girl feels as if she had just lost a father, ana she has promised never to leave Beatrice while she needs her protection." "Was she ever at Lnnechester?" "Surely she was. It was there Mrs. Clifford first met her, and it was there the acquaintance ripened into au intimacy such as seldom subsists between au unmarried and a married lady. Mrs. Clifford answered for her when she brought her to Seatondale. Do you know her at all " I once met a Miss Armstrong at Lune- chester, and she was a governess." " Depend upon it she is the same then. She is simply the most beautiful woman I ever saw ! Was your Miss Armstrong handsome ?" "Extremely so; though that is scarcely the word I should use in reference to her looks. She was something more than handsome." " Ah, well, you will see her to-morrow at the funeral. She and Mrs. Clifford mean to follow. My dear Mr. Seaton, words cannot express my satisfaction at finding you a true, staunch Protestant !'' That night, or rather early in the morning of Christmas- eve, Aubrey looked forth once more on the glorious Priory Church and the shadowy, fells, dimly seen in their snowy covering under the brilliant northern starlight ; and once more he soliloquised—" What will Father Fabian sayl" CHAPTER XL. THE FUNERAL. " Our little systems have their day ; They have th<-lr day and cease to he J They are hut broke u lights of Thee, .And Thou, O Lnrd, art more than they." Cold ant? grey rose the day of the General's burial. The air was pretty clear, and the winds low, but the sutl shone only in cold, pale, fitful gleams, and the fells, dark and hazy in the distance, rose like spectral shadows against the hueless sky. Much snow had fallen during the night, and the great fear was lest the funeral procession should bo impeded on its upland mountain road. The Chalfonts bells rang out their saddest muffled peal ; blinds were down and shatters clesed in the one street of the quiet little town, and the "Thurston Arms" was crowded, not with revellers, but with mourners from far and near, waiting to join the solemn cort≥ as soon as it appeared at a certain spot, about half a furlong from the inn. It was expected about two o'clock, but ere that hour nearly all the. respectable inhabitants of Chalfonts were assembled in the Priory Church, Mr. and Mrs. Drewitt among them. Aubrey and Dr. Redmayne walked together to the vestry, the old chapter-house of the ancient institution. After they had warmed themselves at the glowing fire which burned there, they strolled into the church, where all necessary preparations had been made. In the distance moved about the bent form of Mr. Crake, attending to the stoves, which seemed to be already at a white heat. The pale snow- light fell with pallid gleam through the many coloured windows; every now and then the organist, iu his hidden eyrie, struck a few tremulous deep notes, that sounded like the low refrain of a Miserere, and far above them boomed the melancholy bells, that were never rung iu such wise, save on special occasions. Only for the Royal Family, the rector's family, and the magnates of the county was that requiem- like peal permitted. But Aubrey re membered - tbat so it had murmured, sad and dirge-like, over hill and dale and sea, when he and Father Fabian had followed gentle Mary Seaton to her last resting-place. How long ago it seemed ! How much had happened since then ! how all things were changed ! and above all, how strangely were altered his own relations with the mau who had once been the guiding- star and the ruling spirit of his life. Something more than land and ocean had severed them ; there was a feud between them which ancient kindness could not heal. How were they to meet, now that at last the time so long foreseen, so long apprehended, had arrived ? And Edith, the lovely romance of his youth — for Aubrey was no youth now, but every inch a man, in mind and soul, full statured — could it be that he was once more to sec the face so long remembered, so often recalled during those far west wanderings across the sea ? No dif ferences of creed divided them now, no com promise of faith was needed ; they knelt at the same altar, and drank of the same cup of life, and ate the same bread of blessing. Would they be friends again, or more than friends? Aubrey had asked himself that question many times since'thc'preceding evening, when he had first learned that the lady of his love was still unwedded, and only separated from him by a few miles of rugged mountain road. "This is a magnificent old church," said Dr. Redmayne, as he and Seaton stood together between the chancel and the choir. " It is finer by far than some cathedrals. There is — or rather there was— some talk of making it into a regular Minster, the centre of a new bishopric. Will it ever come to pass, I wonder?" "I should think not," replied Aubrey, "unless the whole face of the country were changed. ThiB place is out of the world, and there is really no population to speak of, and it seems to me there are already more cathedrals and more bishops, so-called, than the Church of England knows what to do with." " Permit me to ask why you use the phrase 'so-called,' in speaking of the prelates of the National and Established Church?" "Prelates if you like — bishops, no! A bishop is a simple pastor, an overseer of his flock, not a mau who wears a mitre and lawn sleeves, who lives in a palace on so many thousands a-year, and who is called ' my lord."' " Dear me !" said Dr. Redmayne, abruptly, " But those are very — very — what shall I say ? — very umlesirahle sentiments to cherish ! You forget, my dear sir, the orders of the ancient Church." "No, I do not. I have read Church history to some purpose during the last three years. Also, I have studied the Fathers, and I have endeavoured, by God's help, to form au impartial and unbiassed estimate of what I need. I find in the New Testament, bishops, deacons, and elders spoken of ; but the bishops do not in the least resemble either the Roman or the Anglican prelates, and the deacons are undoubtedly, as ?early as possible, what the deacons in Noncon formist churches are supposed to be." "I know very little — nothing, .indeed — of Nonconformity," returned the doctor, rather loftily. " I am a true son of my venerable and well-beloved Mother- Church. Romanism I entirely deprecate ; even the Anglican move ment seems, to the best of my opinion, unwise, and tending to extremes which may be dangerous in their issues. Dissent I abhor ! My dear Mr. Seaton, I hope, I fervently trust, you have not walked out of the communion of Rome into that of— schismatics !" "Schismatics — no! The great body of Dissenters are not schismatics, though some of them, perhaps, may deserve , the name. The great schismatics of the day are the Anglicans. It is they who are separating themselves from Christ's truth. If the army in which lam enrolled turn traitor— if it go over to the enemy, either covertly or openly— who is the renegade ? I, who straightway leave the ranks, and fight for my King under other banners ; or he who marches on with the regiments whose loyalty has been transferred ?" " But, tell me —are you a Dissenter ?" ' " I suppose I am. There is no State Church in America, you know ; and there it is that my Protestantism has grown up. . But so far I have not identified myself with any denomi nation. Nevertheless, after the manner which you, I suppose, would stigmatise as heresy or schism, so worship I the God of my fathers." "I am astonished ! I should have thought a pious Roman Catholic would surely have -found his spiritual rest iu the Church of the (Lutheran or Reformed order. It is suoh an immense stride from Romanism to Dissent. " ' Thank God — yes ! May , it ever remain so ! may no false compromises ever bridge over the gulf that lies between ! If I had been merely an emotional convert ; if I had owed my reclamation to any leader of any sect ; had I simply laid down one set of obligations to take up another which chimed in with preconceived ideas — 1 should doubtless have cast in my lot with the Episcopal churches. But, as it was, a slow, painful awakening ; a gradual loosening of old tics; a season of doubt, darkness, and almost despair ; a long struggle, and a close, painful, prayerful examination of every tenet and every proposition which presented itself, gradually — and, I think, naturally- landed me in Nonconformity. I vowed to myself that I would have no religion at all if I must take one at. secondhand ; so I waited till I could see, with my own mind's eyes, the light by which I walked." "But, my dear Mr. Seaton, think how much you yield, how much you sacrifice ! Is not the English Church the stronghold of Christendom — the bulwark of Christian faith?" . "Forgive me if I say that I think mt! You forget that I have been a Romanist, and that I know better, than even you can. tell me how completely the English Church is playing. the game of Popery. Tim Church of England has done immense service in her day— and so has , the Church of Rome, for that matter ! but, it is not expedient now that either of them should arrogate to herBelf a dominant authority. The days of the hierarchy are numbered." ,t " And how long, then, will Noncomformity exist, think you ? Will that also do its work and then decline in the ecclesiastical scale- supposing, that is, that it ever gains ascendancy?" " There will certainly come a day when Non- comforinity will cease to exist, because there will be no longer any question of Conformity. Politically speaking, Dissent will disappear when Church disestablishment has taken place. Every Church will then stand on its own merits, and one church or sect will be no more the favourite of the State than another." "Disestablishment!" and Dr. Redmayne groaned aloud. " That I should have lived to hear such a horrible possibility calmly inti mated ! Disestablishment ! Never, never, Mr. Seaton ! The idea-will never be entertained for a moment by men of weight; do you suppose Parliament would ever vouchsafe to discuss any such monstrous proposal ? I dare say Dissenters would like it well enough, but they know they might as well cry for the moon as for religious equality." " I think the time is coming when the question will bo before the Parliament, before the whole nation ; when the Press will freely treat of it when it will be debated far and wide and among all classes ; when Episcopalians as well as Dissenters will demand disestablishment, not as a boon, but as right which must sooner or later be conceded." "My dear sir, your American associations have utterly deluded you. There is no chance of such a contingency, I assure you. You will find that out for yourself before yon have. been six months in England. Why, what would become of the clergy ? Half of them who have neither gifts of preaching, nor influence, nor patronage, nor private property, would starve J" " Let us hope they would find something else to do. They need not starve, you know, though I am afraid a good many of them are little better than starving now. Mother Church has by no means apportioned her favours with im partiality. But the sooner men who are in the prieBt's office simply that they may eat a bit of bread are out of it the better !" " Pray, when shall we find the Church tumbling about our ears? How soon will the storm commence ?" " It is muttering even now. In twenty years to come. Dr. Redmayne, the disestablishment of the National Church will . he the grand question' of the day— it will then be only -a question of time. But, mark me, your Church will dis establish herself! Had she been true to her principles, to tho Reformed faith, had she kept clear of Rome and her devices, Dissent would never have been able to touch her, so strong was, and is still, in some measure, ber hold upon the affections of the people. Bat when the shepherd betrays the sheep, and cooly hands them over to another and alien fold, time- honoured observances, and ancient ritual, and even long-loved asssoeiations lose their power. It is the engrafted Romanism of the Church of England that will be her ruin. In foot, it seems to me that Mother Church is the foolish woman of the Proverbs ; she is plucking down her house with her own hands." 7 Cold as the day was, Dr. Redmayne perspired. In his peaceful, luxurious retirement, " far from the madding crowd," he had heard from time to time whispers of the dire changes that were im pending. His daughter Jessie would have discussed one or two critical questions that had been the subject of leaders in the London news papers, but he angrily hade her not meddle with matters above her comprehension ; and once, when his wife said to him, "I am really afraid, my dear, this Anglican party will divide the Church, and cause dissensions that may terminate most fatally," he replied, "Nonsense, Flora ; you women are invariably alarmists ; your sex was always partial to earthquakes, and always will he, I suppose. Be comforted, my dear, these threatened upheavings will not happen in our time. Not iu this century will there be any disastrous ecclesiastical changes.. What another age may bring forth, we cannot tell ; but that will not matter to us ; we shaP be gathered to our fathers ere the cloud grows dark upon the horizon." Aubrey was sorry that the conversation had, taken such a turn, and he feared, too, lest he had spoken with more than becoming vehemence for Dr. Redmayne was his host, and at least a quarter of a century older than himself. And yet' it behoved him to speak out the very truth that was in his heart, and his residence -in America had doubtless endowed him with a precocity of judgment and opinion far exceeding that of the generality of the men of his" age, and of the party he perforce must join, unless he kept himself aloof from all ecclesiastical and political controversy. It was a relief when old Crake hobbled np the aisle to where they stood, and said, ' !. They 're a-coming, yer Reverence, and the townsfolk are trooping down into the churchyard." ( To be continued. J 