f THOMAS : WALKER, TRANCE-MEDIUM. . . .. (From the Evening Star.) . The -subject of this brief memoir, has now been for' sometime in this city, and by; the startling supernatural claims which he has. set up has succeeded in obtaining the patronage of men of influence, has attracted considerable . audiences, and .has been able to make respect able gains by his so-called "trance lectures." He has also to some extent succeeded in setting the community by the ears, aud flooding the newspapers with correspondence. On one side of the controversy it has been contended that Thomas Walker is an impudent imposter, with no other qualificationsthanunbounded " Cheek," a good memory, and a more than ordinary share of that ready . fluency of speech which , is vulgarly called " the gift of the gab. " On the other hand, the friends of the trance-medium- have credited him with all the claims; which he! has assumed, with an amount of unselfish sacri-; flee seldom met with in those days, and have, elevated him into the position of a martyr to. public prejudice. When Mr. Walker obtruded himself upou the .public eye .in Auckland, scarcely anything was known of his antecedents and character. He burst upon the astonished gaze of the public-like one of those brilliant meteors which come from no one knows where,, and go none know whither. All that was known of him, was that he passed through this city some months ago, with Mr. Peebles, another Spiritualist lecturer, on their way from America to Australia. Ou that occasion the two missionaries of tho new light received much sympathy from a few anxious inquirers in Auckland, and were entertained at the resi dence of the Rev. S. Edger where they gave. . A rniVAT.E SEANCE, which excited the wonder of tho beholders and whetted their appetite for further spiritual cut-; pourings. Tho two apostles of the new faith proceeded to Australia, Mr. Peebles selecting Melbourne as a congenial field for his labours, while Mr. Thomas Walker, after a brief' but un successful attempt to proselytise tho Sydneyites, finding that current coin did not flow into his exchequer in that plenteous stream which he had fondly anticipated, resolved to put to the test those warm expressions of sympathy, which he had received on his way through Auckland. HE CAME, HE SAW, 1IE CONQUERED. There was a great flutter in the Spiritualistic dove-cots. People talking in mysterious whispers of tho propagandist, the Balsamo, who could hold familiar discourse with the ghosts of the departed, aud lay bare all the arcana of the life beyond the grave by the mere thumping of a kauri table. Hundreds of people were thrown into perturbation and impatient curiosity. Some were seized with a longing to hold sweet converse with the souls of departed friends, while some few there were who desired to test the skill of the spirits in giving " straight tips" as to Moauatairis. Following the example of other sensational performers, Mr. Walker resolved to prepare the ground for his public advent by a private seance, to which represen tatives of the Press were invited. That affair has been fully described in these columns, as also the subsequent public performances of the Medium. The amount of public attention " 1 — i — ... which this persoa has attracted has induced us to make a few inquiries, and we now give the results, to enable oar readerto form aa estimate of the degree of credibility of which he is worthy. Thoaias Walker is a native of Preston, Lancashire, where he received a moderate education at one of the common., schools, HIS AGE. is about 25 or 2(5 years, and not 19, as has been - industriously circulated by his admirers and the select few who have undertaken what may be termed the. "stage management" on the occa sion of his seances. Very early in life he excited the gravest apprehensions of his mother and: other membersof his family by the fondnesB which - he exhibited for the sock and buskin. The hopes which had been entertained by his fond parents of apprenticing him to a respectable trade in one of the cotton mills were cruelly disappointed. Even at this early stage he began to exhibit those remarkable powers of memory which were destined to render his future career so successful, and to excite the wonder of less gifted individuals. He also developed an extraordinary facility of facial . contortion, and an astonishing power of mimicry... He could distort his mouth in such a manner . as to draw it round from its natural position to his ear, and could mimic almost aajr character. The practical jokes which he played, and the manner in which he burlesqued the foibles of. his fellow Thespians, subjected him to some- disagreeable consequences, and he was obliged, to seek some other field for the emplo> ment of his talents. He had acquired considerable skill in feats of slight of hand, and had few compeers in the thimble trick. , . , HE COULD THROW SOMMEKSAULTS and kick the back of his head with his heel. During his stay in Auckland, Walkerihas shown that he still retains his old skill aud elasticity of limb. At the house of a Spiritist he delighted a select audienee only a week ago by his- characteristic sketches. He acted the part of a Mormon elder, lecturing in favour of polygamy, and threw his audience into convulsions of laughter. Then he suddenly changed his attitude, facial expression and voice, and assumed the character of a Shaker, following this up with that of an Oneida disciple. Alb this was accomplished out of the trance state, and with his eyes open, and the rapid transforma-- tions were so skilful as to excite the astonish ment of his select audience. Mr. Walker then, gave a series of : SKILFUL IMITATIONS OF DIALECTS; ' He imitated a Lancashiroman, a Yorkshire-: mau, a Yankee, and various other types of humanity, and his sketches were a jknowlcdged to be in every respect equal to tho best speciality actor that has visited Auckland. With reference, to Walker's skill in imitating various dialects, it has beeu given out by Mr. Peebles that Walker is attended by the spirit of a defunct Yorkuhireman, but at the seance under notice the Medium appeared to have dispensed with, the aid of the attendant sprite. But even this great repertoire does not exhaust the resources of this skilful contortionist and actor. At the conclusion of the.scries of sketches above named, he kicked tho back of his head with his heel, , and wound up by throwing a sommersault in the dining-room, with all tho agility of a street acrobat. . Ho is said on such occasions to be possessed by the spirit of a celebrated g:ound and lofty tumbler who once delighted thousa dsatAs- tley's, but happeningone day to "miss his up, "de parted to exhibit his skill iu a more lofty sphere than lie, had previously, ventured upon, even in his most daring flights. To.thesameselectaudience Mr. Walker, gave a .brief autobiography, which shewed that his career had been a most chequered one,, and that he has been compelled by, the vicissitudes' of life to adapt himself to a. great variety of callings in order to turn an. honest penny. We; may . add: that lest our readers should imagine that this is written as a mere jest,- the, above was described to us by a- gentleman of Unimpeachable veracity, who i witnessed - Walker's performances with tho greatest astonishment and delight, and is conf ident that, as a cotijuror, acrobat, and character ' sketcher, the medium, would draw crowded houses. We may add also that other persons . who witnessed tho performance are able to testify to the truth of the statement. Dur in formant says .. that during an argument on. Spiritualism at the house of one of Walker's entertainers in Auckland, the Medium, in the. excitement of the discussion, rose from his seat, and poured forth a torrent of eloquent rhapsody which was identical in style of delivery and language with his public trance lectures. Our. informant was subsequently in conversation with a leading spiritist, and expressed some surprise that the reports which had been circu- , lated that Walker was an illiterate and shy person when out of the trance state were dis approved by his performances in' private. The. spiritLt promptly replied, " What a fool he must , be to exppso his hand like that, when- people suppose him to bean illiterate and un experienced y outh !" 