ipgaltorii. Miss Thompson, the young English artist, who painted the "Roll-Call"- and " Balaklava," is about to be married to an officer of the British army. But the lady does not intend to give up her art. By no means, bhe plans to continue ner studying and painting just the same as ever. Not long ago a seventy-year-old farmer applied to tbe trustees of Bayview Asylum, in Baltimore, for a permit to visit that institution for the purpose of choosing a wife. Ho was a German, speaking English very imperfectly, and his novel request created some merriment. He appeared perfectly sincere, however, and said that seven years ago he obtained permission to visit- the asylum for a wife, was assisted by the superintendent to make a selection, " popped the quedtiou," was married at once, and lived happily with his wife until her death, threo years ago. Now, having revered her memory a suitable time, he wanted to try the Bayview lottery again. He was furnished with a permit, and went on his way rejoicing. A few hours later he returned to his home in company with his new wife, both apparently content and happy. In England an organisation has been formed under the title of the "Sanitary Estates Association," which proposes to erect towns on the most approved sanitary principles. Already a site has been selected for the first model town — a "city of health" — -on the "Sussex coast, within easy reach of Brighton, Arundel, and other towns. Some of the houses will be built in fiats, with a connecting hotel, from which meals can be supplied ; and small houses, at low rents, will bring pure air and sea-side relaxation within the reach of many who have been deprived of such luxuries. Ninety acres of ground will be appropriated to public gardens, ample provision will be made for bathing, and a thorough system of drainage adopted. A vigilant super vision will be exercised over all the sanitary arrangements of the city. The work-day surroundings of Mr. James Russell Lowell are described as a broad easy- chair, standing midway between the table and the fire-place, which holds blazing logs. In this chair he has done most of his writ ing, his only desk being a stiff piece of pasteboard conveniently resting on his knee. One of the curiosities which Mr. Lowell's study contains is a pair of silver sleeve- buttons, now tarnished almost into blackness, which were once worn by Robert Burns. Mr. Lowell is fond of trees and flowers, aud often works among them. He is an angler and a pedestrian, uever riding when he can walk. He is in excellent health, and looks manly, robust, and erect. He may sometimes be seen in bleak wintry weather walking leisurely through Cam bridge thoroughfares with not even the ghost of an overcoat enveloping him. From a sketch of Pere Hyacinths, published in Edmond Yates's London World, we quote the concluding paragraph : " The study of the pere is opened, and he invites you to visit it. A large crucifix hangs on the wall, and there, too, is the knotted discipline which he used when he was a Carmelite friar. The desk, the floor, perhaps also the bed, are littered with books. There are a few new and recent works, pamphlets of Lavelaye, and Italian and American newspapers hastily cut ; but of Bossuet and Rosmini, what numbers of well-thumbed volumes ! From their pages the Pere Hyaciuthe is seeking to compile a catechism which shall be Catholic, but not Tridentiue. Iu speaking he grows animated. The pale, heavy, near-sighted face loses its heaviness. The mouth, the pronunciation, the diction, all are beautiful. This man is born au orator. His very lips seem to be meant for eloquent speech. After an Lour you leave the house of the married priest convinced" that, if neither prophet, nor philosopher, nor poet, nor perhaps reformer, Loyson is a born orator — the hone3t spokes man of that great need for liberty and truth to which he has given a most persuasive voice. When exiled from France, he found in Geneva a not uncongenial home. The position was a central one for him, and he is very sensible of , the kindness he has met with among the Swiss. But his heart is in France, and as he has many influential friends there, his prospects are brightening. He is allowed this winter to lecture in Paris, and he hopes to be allowed ultimately to make his home not far from the towers of Notre Dame." 