Inebriety as a Disease. I ETHICALLY, there is hut one view to take of inebriety j and that necessarily involves unsparing I condemnation of the practice, and earnest endea vours on the pwt of society to reclaim those ad dicted to it. But Science, on the other hand, draws ' a broad distinction between drunkenness as a vice and drunkenness as a disease. The man who driuks for pleasure, it holds, may look for benefit in the counsels of others, or in his own strength of will : ; but he who drinks because he cannot help it, being , led by an irresistible impulse, is a sick man, and j needs not a temperance pledge, but a physician. It | is in this last aspect that we propose to consider the assertion, quoted from a daily journal, that "intemperance is a growing vice, bearing con stantly heavier upon th© rising generation," and incidentally the subject of inebriety generally in this country. Dr. George M. Beard, of this city, not long since delivered, before the American Association for the i Cure of Inebriates, an address on the " causes of I the recent increase ot' inebriety in America," in which he embodies many of the conclusions which medical men have reached relative to the disease superinduced by alcohol. Inebriety he holds to be a functional disease of the nervous system, and should be treated on the same principle aB other nervous diseases. It becomes classed, therefore, with dyspepsia and neuralgia ; and, like neurosis, it possesses periodicity, and-the fact is a startling one-is hereditary. When hereditary, it ia all the harder to combat ; in conformity with the laws of inheritance, it may take the place of other disor ders, or may, in turn, lead to them ; and it often conduces to various forms of insanity. The period icity of the desire for liquor, the feeling which impels the drunkard who has abstained for a certain , period to enter upon a " prolonged spree," is too f well known to need more than mere reference, It is a curious and somewhat paradoxical cir cumstance that, while drunkenness as a vice public opinion to the contrary notwithstanding - is actually decreasing, the disoase of inebriety is on the increase. " There never was a time," says Dr. Beard, " in the histoiy of our race, when in pro portion to the population there was so little intern perance and so little drinking among the higher class s as to-day." The nervous systems of Ameri cans are now such that we cannot bear alcohol as our fathers could ; and there is no doubt but that tbe efforts of reformers and the general progress of culture has exercised a potent effect toward tem perance. Cases of drunkenness were rare among the thousands who visited the Centennial. But on the other hand that very heightened nervous sensi tiveness, which prevents our indulging in alcohol ; for pleasure, equally heightens the susceptibility to nervous diseuses ; and of these, inebriety not being considered, it is weil known the increase of late years has been marked. It is not necessary here to repeat the facts, which every observer of American habit« has noted over and over again, in order.to prove that we live too rapidly. For the pursuit of wealth, we concentrate an enormous quantity and intense quality of work j we carry the seriousness of labour into our amuse ments; we crave the sensational and the fever of constant excitement ; and under the terrible tax put upon it, the nervous force necessarily weakens. Thus, in accordance with all analogies, nervous diseases increase with the progress of modern civilisation ; and hence the greater prevalence of nervous disease known as inebriety during the present time. Dr. Beard further supports his views by inductive reason based upon extended examination. By com paring the higher and lower classes, he shows that among the latter, such functional nervous diseases ¡ as îsick headache, neuralgia, and hay fever are wanting ; while the vice of drunkenness abounds in its most revolting aspects. Comparing the pre valence of functional nervous maladies now with the same half a century ago, he points out various dis eases, such as hay fever, now common, but then unknown. He also suggests various refinements in nervous troubles, which are pecu iar to the pre sent, but not to an earlier, period. Going back still further for purposes of comparison, he shows that not only were many of the nervous maladies, so prevalent now, quite unknown three centuries ago, but those which ar« common to those eras and ours are far less abundant than now," Lastly, he points to tne multiform nervous disorders now found among women. There is no specific for inebriety. It is a consti tutional ailment, to be treated constitutionally. It is not. necessarily due to alcoholism. Cu loni 1 and opium inebriety are a ready becoming dangerously common; and there are hundreds of other stimu lants and narcotics to which resort may be had. The only remedial course is to place the inebriate where alcohol, or the provoking cause of his ail ment, cannot be had : for the sight af it, or the smell of it, will excite all the desire for it. To this treatment, seda tives, tonics, and nutritious food to build up the system may be added. To persons having any tendency to inebriety, the only safe course is abso lute abstinence during early life. As regards the human race, the disease finds its remedy in itself ; for, degene racy in any direction cannot go on in definitely; and after any qualities, good or bad, attain a certain stage of growth, they cease to reproduce them selves. The excessively feeble and nervous stocks must perish, and the fight for existence be maintained be tween the less feeble and less nervous, and the well balanced and strong ; and thus, by aproces8 of successive elimi nations, a race may be developed that shall be every way aaapted to, the complex conditions of a high civilisa tion.-Scientific American Most extraordinary rumours and great excitement prevail in the neigh- bourhood of the Glebe on account of circumstances which rival in ludicrous mystery the famous legend of the Cock- lane ghost. The memory of old Mr. Hancock, and of the litigation arising out of his alleged will, is fresh in the minds of the public, therefore it will be quite unnecessary to enter into particulars, except to mention that some years before his death Robert Hancock resided at the Lady of the Lake Hotel, Bay- street, Glebe, where he cultivated the society and basked in the smiles of a Mrs. Mary Ann Burton, who, under the second or disputed will–decided by a jury in the Supreme Court to have been a forgery–was down for a comfortable eight thousand. In her own words, her elderly lover said to her, when at his last gasp, " Mary Ann, Mary Ann, you have been my guardian angel, and you shall be provided for." While the old man lived, Mrs. Burton had control over all; she reigned a second Helen at the Lady of the Lake, and to use her own classic expression, "she bossed the whole concern." But how are the mighty fallen ! Mrs. Burton now resides in a small cottage, next door to the Lady of the Lake, and turns a mangle for her daily bread. But to come to the ghost story. It appears, from the statement of James Egan now landlord of the Lady of the Lake, that of late he and his wife have been disturbed at night by strange sounds as of bottles clashing together in the bar, rumblings over head, and other peculiar noises. Often has Mr. Egan descended from his bedroom at night, in an airy costume, armed with a poker to ascertain the cause of the disturbance, but nothing could be seen or detected. Mrs Burton, however, who resides, as we have stated, next door, appears to know a great deal about the matter, and her statement is to this effect : Old Hancock died in her arms on the 26th February, 1876. He was a peculiar looking individual, having a halt in his walk, through his right thigh having been broken. He had also suffered other injuries, including the loss of an eye. No sooner had Mrs. Burton been turned out of the Lady of the Lake, than–so she states, while peacefully lying beside her husband one night in the cottage, the form of old Hancock appeared at the head of the bed, pointing in a solemn manner with the stick he carried. Springing from her couch, Mrs Burton cautiously approached the phantom. " Robert," she said, "is that you?" "It's me. Mary Ann," responded the ghost, with characteristic disregard of Lindley Murray ; "It's me, old woman, flesh and blood." Then looking at her lovingly, the spirit of Robert Hancock faded away. Frequently since has the ghost appeared, not only to Mrs Burton, but also to other residents of Bay-street, who are, or profess to be, terrified out of their lives. Since the trial of the Will Case, however, the burden of the ghost's song, according to Mrs Burton, is always the same–"Cheer up, Mary Ann; you shall get the money!'' Mrs. Burton informed our reporter, that it is her confident opinion, that until she does get the money the ghost of her departed friend will continue to haunt the precincts of Bay-street. "We decline to express an opinion on so mysterious a matter, but there is one fact which ought to be mentioned in connection with this extraordinary case that is. that Mrs. Burton, being doubtless a strong-minded woman, does not seem to be in the least bit terrified at the sight of her departed friend, beholding the phantom, in fact, and speaking of its appearance, with the greatest coolness imaginable, and relating the story of the mysterious noises with a kind of subdued chuckle. It is enid that Mr. Ng~Choy, who has just been called to the bar of Lincoln's Inn, is the first Chinese gentleman who has earned this distinction. He was formerly interpreter in Hong Kong, but had left MB post in the East in order to study English law, and having successfully paused the necessary examinations has now returned to China. 