The English Cemetery at Scutari, j GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA, writing to the j Illustrated London A'ews says:-" The bodies of some 8000 Englishmen I moulder peacefully in this (Scutari) graveyard. I fancy the remembrance of : their deaths might moderate the frenzy of politicians who seem bent on hound- ing England on to a fresh wat with Russia. Surely those politicians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short memories. I remember the episodes of the Crimean war as though they had happened yesterday, for then, as now, I was earning my daily bread by literature and journalism, and the war brought me every day fresh materials for my pen. I was within an ace in 1858 of going to Sebastopol but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who are middle-aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff ! Do you re- member the Ghost's Derby day in 1855 ? Do you remember when, on the cliff at Brighton and the Marine at St. Leonards, you could scarcely walk ten paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Cher- sonese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari Hos- pital? Are we to have those years of private agony and bereavement, of public blundering and mismanagement, over again ? I suppose so ; glory is a very fine thing. I am only a pekin, a civi- lian, and I know nothing about glory ; but I confess my blood grows cold, and that my heart sickens when I hear politi- cians pertly prating about the ' arbitra- ment of the swora," and ' war clearing the atmosphere,' and so forth. I never met Glory yet. and I don't know what he or she is like ; but I have met War face to face half-a-dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the crimsons of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sisters who follow him wherever he goes. They are three sisters, and their names are ' Ra- pine,' and 4 Disease,' and ' Death.' This is, of course, a miserably craven and spirtless way of looking at war. I cannot help iL I have seen only War's madness and wickedness, its foulness, and squalor. To ine it has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, but famine and slaughter ; and I can but think that if the warlike politicians were to witness just half-an-hour of actual warfare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardour would cool down a little, and they would not be quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet." A IÎEMARKABLE MAN.-The Spectator of May 29, Bays :-A remarkable man, possibly a man of genius, though some may probably think him subject to strange delusions, died at Nice last week, and as far as wc know, no English paper has yet marie mention of his death. Every one knows how for near fifty years Mr. David Urquhart has carried on con- stant war in the region of opinion against thc designs of Russia, and how devoted a following -including some very able men-he had gaincil for himself, not merely here, but in France, Italy, and the East. It is remarkable that his death should have occurred sta time when hiB great enemy was entering on her new career, and when Turkey waa fighting against her singlehanded,-a crisis which he alwayB regarded as tho signal of Turkish regeneration. It is, perhaps, still more remarkable that his death has occurred at a moment when his ideas appear to have transfused themselves into some powerful organs of Euglish opinion, so that in listening to tho Pall Mall Qazette and the ÎTorning Poet, wc often seem to be bearing the very utterances of Mr. Urquhart. Whatever may be thought of his political ideas fixes, he has at least conferred one groat boon upon England, in the introduction amongst ua of the Turkish bath, tho one Turkish institution which it is certainly desirable to adopt. A STIÎAKOE STORY.-Concerning a vessel commanded hy a Captain Itidcourt, which was lost on the French shore of Newfoundland, in 1874, a St. John's paper states that a person from Bonne Bay relates ss follows :-The captain bad$IO,OOOon his pcrsonatthe time bis craft went ashore near a hut occupied by an old hunter known as Jacks. Ail the crew got ashore, and built n tent. A certain Bonne Day wrecker, with members of his family, visited tho tent and offered to pilot the crew to a channel. The offer was accepted, and while thc party were crossing the pond thc members of thc crew were shot, throe falling at thc lirst volley. Thc wreckers cut a hole in thc ice and put the bodies down after robhingHbcm. Jacks, being aware of thc circumstances, was Vinnght over, but becoming sick, confessed. The informant also states, that a Nova «Scotia craft fishing there found the remains of thc captain, fearfully mangled, under a rock on the shore. Thc pople arc confident that the crew were all murdered by thc same ganc, and many other vessels and crews, thc writer believes, have met with the same fate. He further states that the people at Pnrt-au-Port do little else but plunder, and, in his opinion, would not hesitate to uso lights to decoy vessels on tho shore. The matter has been placed in thc hands of the chief officer of police at St. John's for investigation. It is said that the officers of her Majesty's steamer Eclipse, now visiting the shore, will be directed to seek information relative to thc crimes. 