MY MAD TENANT.. BY ALFRED PHILLIPS. ONE day I came across a vast gloomy mansion that exactly suited my fancy. It was a weird and ghostly building, with whispering voices in its ivy-clad walls, doors that opened directly they were shut, and shut directly they were opened; long corridors lighted by narrow windows let into recesses, so that on moon light nights the shadows of tall trees:,outside talk speotral shapes, .ad seemed pointing E with bony fingers to spots where deeds of violence had been done; whilst the withered branches tapped eagerly against the window panes as if they were:houseless ghosts wishing to take up" their abode in this mysterious mansion. I was delighted, and determined to take it at once. The agent was soon found, and the terms agreed upon; but there was one clause in the lease which I did not like it was even too mysterious to please me. By it the superior landlord, Mr. Balcombe, held all rights over one. room on the first floor, a small'- chamber, the shutters and doors of which were close and .securely fastened. I inquired the reason of this, but the agent could give me no positiveinformation. He believed the room contained the family papers and portraits, and that Mr. Balcombe had locked theni up there for security. " But," said I, "it's so mysterious to have a sort of Bluebeard Chamber in your house." "I quite agree with you, sir," replied the agent, " and told Mr.: Balcombe so; but he is a strange man, and will have his.own way. It's nearly- twenty years now since that room was locked up. At first it made a great noise in the village, and strange stories were circu lated; but that soon died out, and except telling these stories at Christmas time, or when a stranger asks'for them, they are never heard. Sometimes people come for a picnic in the wood yonder, and go to see the 'haunted house' as they call it, but I never let them in. I never heard it was really haunted." :We agreed eventually as to the terms, anid in a couple of weeks I' arrived from London, l.rinjging with. me Janet Gruesome, two maid servants,- and soife 'finfe old plate and jewellery my uncle had left me. It was a dreary night when I arrived at the " Yews" as my'new.abode was called. But I was' happy. enough. A cheery -fire was lighted in the oak-panelled room; and while the servants prepared my supper I unpacked the plate, aind-arranged it on the, sideboard to make the place look brighter. When I had done this and finished my supper, I drew an arm-chair to the fire, mixed myself a stiff glass of something warm, lit my meerschaum. pipe, and commenced reading one of my most favourite tales of terror and imagination. I had just reached the most thrilling situation, when the parlour door was thrown violently open, and Janet Gruesome rushed into the room. ." Maste~i!"' she whispered, in trembling tongs, "the.. secret room is open,. and it's coming out.". !'.It's coming out ?" I cried. "What is. coming out ?" "'The ghost, master ! it's, coming down stairs a-following' me." " Then shut the door, you idiot !" I ex "claimed, for to tell the truth I never felt less inclined to:see a ghost in all my life. "And bolt it !" She turned to obey my orders, but wass too late, for. at" that very moment a venerable white-haired old gentleman, clad in a velvet dressing-gown, and scarlet slippers, entered the room. "I beg your pardon," he said, rather ner vously. "I hope I didn't disturb you. I was not aware you haunted to-night. I believe you are fresh ghosts, or"-here he lowered his voice--" are you ghots in embryo ?" "Sir," I exclaimed, " you must know that this house is mine." "Indeed ;" said the creature, sitting down in my arm-chair and drinking my grog; "has my cousin Tom let it to you, or are you a Balcombe ?" ' '"I am nota Balcombe," I cried impatiently, for"I knew now' he could not be a ghost spectres doti'.tdrink spirits; " still this house is mine;' from the chimney-pots to the cellar, all-" ":But one room," interrupted my mysterious guest; " that Tom could not- would not let. You would not have been happy had he done so. I keep the ghosts in there. Some times one or two escape, and then I come out to hunt for them. I thoughtyou were ghosts -stray ones, you know-at first. I'll take a little more brandy and water. That room is cold, and ghosts are dull fellows at best; they are never lively. Come, my dear sir, sit down and be cheerful." Man or ghost, the creature evidently knew the art of making himself at home. He mixed some more brandy and water, then took up my pipe, lit it, and commenced smoking. " Janet !" I whispered, "he is not a ghost; he is a madman. " Madman!" cried' the thing, looking up suddenly, for his ears were evidently as sharp as his eves. " MIadnian ! why, that is what Cousin Tom used to call me, but he was wrong.. I was mad when I had fierce passions and:tried to strangle him; but then the change came, and I am light, ethereal-a spirit. Tom saw this, and knowing that I talked to the ghosts of our ancestors; gave me a room to collect them in. That's the room. Get us some more glasses," he continued, turning to Janet," more glasses and pipes; we'll be merry.' "He is mad," I whispered. "Do as he bids you ! We must humour him. Butmake haste back, Jainet." "Come ! that looks well,"' he cried, when we all had some hot grog, and I was smoking. "Your.health, " Mr. - I beg your pardon, what name ?". "Judilberry,:sir," I replied sternly, ' Jud berry." "Judberr, Judberry'?" he muttered absent \- ly; "I don't;kniow the name. Perhaps he is a butler.' ' . li "No, sir," I exclaimed, swelling with in dignation; -" I am not a butler. This house is 'mine, sir; '?he brandy you are drinking is mine, sir,and the pipe you are smoking is mine, sir." " All of them very nice too, Mr. Judberry, I am sure," he aiswered, calmly puffing out his smoke, and closing, his bright eyes in luxurious enjoyment; " very nice, indeed. So you are Judberry? I am Briareus Bal combe. You know me, of course ?" " I can't say .I do, sir. To tell you the truth, I never saw or heard of you until now -and," I added to myself, "I never wish to again." "Never heard of me," he cried in astonish ment. Then lowering his voice to a sweet melancholy, he added, then I will tell you my history. Be silent'; stir not, but listen to the histofy of Briareus, the poet of the Balcombes; the betrayed'lover-he of the broken heart." I was in my glory-I was about to hear the mystery of the Bluebeard Chamber. *'""When TI was. but a youth," commenced Briareus, my uncle, who- then owned this mansion, returned from Italy, bringing with him a lovely girl, How. can I describe her beauty ? It is impossible ! It was the beauty of a dark, wild night, wherein the placid moon and'gentle stars are shining, yet the sighing 'of the wind proclaims the coming storm. So shone her glorious faon calm and pure, yet even and anon the flashes from those wondrous orbs, her eyes, told of the fire within her soul. I loved her. iTime passed on, and at last she.owned that she returned my passion,ut bade me keep our love secret, as she dreaded my uncle's wrath. Just at this time my Cousin Tom procured me a lucrative berth in India, and with a light heart I started for that land of fortunes, for I believed I should soon amass riches .and be able to return and claim Elvina. "On my arrival in India I learned that my uncle had died, and that Tom had come into' his estate. " My uncle dead, one obstacle to my marriage is removed," I cried; and I worked on with renewed vigour. But, alas ! I was struck down by a sunstroke, fever followed, and I was ordered home. " ow long .we were making the passage 1 know not. A gentleman-rather a rough fellow, though-who volunteered to be my constant companion, said it was a short voy age; to me it seemed years. At length we arrived, and taking a post-chaise, we drove to the 'Yews.' I told my companion at Southampton that I did not require his com panionship any more; but he would not leave me until he saw me, as he said, ' safe in my cousin's care.' But why dwell upon this painful history ? I rushed into this very room, and embracing. Elvina, cried, 'Elvina! El vina! behold thy Briareus returned to claim his bride!' . To my horror she thrust me from her, and rushing to my cousin, threw herself into his arms,. asking her dear, 'dear Tom to save her from the madman. ." 'Madam,' I cried, ' are you not my affianced ?' " 'Briareus,' exclaimed Tom, I are you mad ? This lady is my wife.' '" I saw it all at a glance," moaned the poor mad creature, making my heart bleed for him. ' "I knew then why I had been sent to India--why' this woman had made me keep my engagement secret. She loved my cousin's gold ! " My passion rose; I could not control myself. With a cry more like that of a wild beast than a man, I sprang upon Tom. I -had him by the throat and would have killed him, but the man who came with me from India-he who called himself my friend turned traitor for gold. He dragged me away from my cousin, and felled me to the earth. My keeper. They said "I was mad, and locked me up in the chamber. Not alone -no, no, not alone-they cannot shut out the ghosts. They come and tell me stories -wild horrible stories-I will tell you them some night. Hark; the ghosts call me. I must go at once, or they will come here. Farewell; to-morrow. Slowly he crept from the room, Mrs. Grue some and I following. Our hearts ached for him. We saw him enter the mysterious chamber, and heard him lock himself in. "Mrs. Gruesome," said I, " we will go to bed. He, poor fellow, he is harmless, but to-morrow I will see the agent, who must provide a keeper. I do not want Mr. Bri areus removed until I've heard his stories. It will save my eyesight, not reading at night. Good night, Janet. Say nothing of this to the servants, and do not be afraid. He's quite a gentleman, and harmless." I retired to my apartment, double locked the door, -and barricaded it, in case of acci dents. Next morning I. arose late and descended to breakfast, which ought to have been ready at least an hour earlier. Judge my aston ishment at finding the room in confusion, and Janet Gruesome in even greater confusion than the apartment. -" He has gone, sir !" she cried, as I en tered the parlour. " Who has gone ?" I demanded. "The mad gentleman. He must have left the house-in the middle of the night." " Well, well," I replied, " perhaps it's better so. He was a nuisance. If he has drowned himself it's no fault of ours; we were not his keepers; so let me have break fast. Get the tea and coffee service my uncle left me." "Your uncle left them, sir, but the mad gentleman ain't," sobbed Janet, " he's taken 'em, sir, and the silver spirit stand as well." " What ! taken my silver service ?" " Yes, sir; and every other piece of silver, and all the jewellery he could find, as well as-" I could hear no more, but running to the house agent, I told him all about it. " You have been done," he said quietly, " there never was a Mr. Briareus Balcombe. The room only contained pictures and some old furniture of no particular value, but favourites of Mr. Balcombe, so he locks them up. Come to the police."' He hurried me off to the police inspector, to whom I related this sad history. " That's Solemn Smith's work for a pound," cried the inspector, laughing. " I heard that he had been in this neighbourhood. Deuced clever fellow; could have made a fortune on the stage if he liked. No doubt he found out all about the room, and also heard-asking your pardon sir-that you had queer crochets, so got into the house when it was empty, picked the lock of the room, and played the madman." This was four years ago, and the police are after My Mad Tenant still. BISHOP MOOBHOUSE made the following remarks at Kyneton recently :-" Now, though it was all very well to incite people to be liberal, he had' not the heart to ask from a poor man, under such circumstances, for that liberality he would have no delicacy 'in claiming from those who were better off. He would leave such claims to a man's con science to put in the bag that which he believed he owed unto his Lord. But they had some magnates in the land. He had heard of one with £80,000 a year, and another who boasted that he had £100,000 per annum, and would in a year or two have £200,000. He had no scruple in claiming large-hearted liberality from such men. 'What would £20,000 be to them. It would be less than £500 from himself. It is true, did they distribute their wealth in this man ner their pile would not grow so fast, but suppose they let their pile grow. They got but food, raiment, and shelter out of their money whilst they lived, and when they came' to die they could not take a guilder of their pile with them. They would be interred beneath the sod just like any other piece ot common clay. The rich man whom he alluded to as having an income of £80,000 a year lived at the rate of £4,000. He felt no shame in appealing to such men,for liberality. He only wished he had their income. It should not remain idly by him to pile up in useless heaps. To incite such men to liberality was to stir them for their good. To show them there was a better thing in life than the mere accumulation of wealth they did not profitably employ and that they .could not take away with them,. He was sure that by generously spending their wealth for wise and holy ends they would lagytheir heads on their pillows every night with a sweeter contentment, and that when they came to lay their head on the cold pillow of death it would be'the dowiier to them for a life of generous and noble deeds. SIn the newly settled districts there was an other difficulty. When he first came to this country-an old inhabitant of Europe-and saw settlers felling the virgin .forests, he looked upon the destruction with . a pitying eye, but he had to pocket his sentiment. At Brandy Creek, the settlers for ten miles round came to hear him, and in conversing with them he enquired whether all he had heard in Melbourne was true, that their difficulties were' so' great that they would, after wasting their strength in trying to bring to bring the land into subjection, be obliged to sell out- to moneyed speculators. They answered him cheerfully, " We'll get on all right," but he could see that it was said with some quakings of fear for the difficulties they had to contend with. He could not have the heart to go to these men-struggling as they were-with an appeal for money, and yet they were without the ordinances of religion, and their children growing up in practical heathenism. He felt that any reasonable sacrifice he could make should be done, but one could not go on taking out £5 notes if there were no longer any in. These were real difficulties. Another difficulty was that caused through the secular system of educa tion. It has been alleged that this came about through the fractiousness of we religious people. The Dean says it was not so, but from what he (the Bishop) had seen, he was inclined to think that there was something in it. However, so -it is that the. Bible-the Book of Conduct-as Matthew Arnold, who does not love such things over much-calls it, is left out of our schools. Of all things to be dreaded, it is well educated.people with no conduct. Oliver Cromwell said that to give a man all the advantages of education- and human learning without teaching him the pure morality of the Bible, was to make him "a swifter tiger with a deadlier spring." He did not believe that opening the State schools on Saturdays, or as night schools, to teach religion, would answer. They must have their Sunday school teachers from their best and busiest men. Sir Roundell Palmer and Sir Page Wood, now Lord. Hatherley, two of the busiest lawyers in our day, never neglected their Sunday' school class. Not even when Sir Roundell Palmer had the heavy pressing Alabama business on his shoulders for months, did he neglect this duty. They did not want the idle dilletante young fellow, but their busiest men with character, strong-backed; and who would make sacrifices for their principles." A HERo.-The British Consul at New Orleans sends an appeal to the American papers for aid for a hero named John Wil son,. who, on account of the civil war, was reduced to poverty, and now is almost blind, very infirm and quite destitute. The Consul thus describes his brave deeds:--" On the 7th of October, 1859, the British steamship Connaught, 4,000 tons, sprung a leak, which gained upon her so rapidly that by the next morning the water had extinguished her en gine fires, leaving her a coffin for 601 human beings, sinking slowly but surely in a heavy sea. In this'condition, and while 150 miles from Boston harbour, fire (which had been smouldering for some days unknown) burst out, and doubled the chances for death. She was an iron ship, and soon her sides became so hot that they hissed and steamed as she rolled deeper and deeper. There was a race between fire and water for all those lives, and do the best they could the boats would not be able to save a third of them from one death or the other. The American brig, Minnie Schaefer, 198 tons,.Capt. John Wil son, saw the blazing, sinking steamer, and bore down to her assistance. So slow and difficult was the labour of getting the pas sengers into and out of the boats that only 200 could be transferred to the brig before sundown. Then John Wilson said-" It is a horrible thing to see the sun going down and so many people yet on board the wreck, settling down and burning up. I will do all in my power to save them." He nobly kept his word. As good a sailor as he was a man, he came down to the leeward of the burning ship, made fast to her, and before midnight the last man on her deck (the captain) had passed into the brig safely. Try to picture it. A great ocean steamer, with water pour ing in from without to fill her up and fire roaring within to burn her down; and over 600 lives in the balance. Any lurch she made might have been her last, and if she rolled over and sunk-what hope for the little brig." An American writes as follows on dissolv ing bones :-" I have a large water-tight hogshead standing outdoors near the kitchen. In the spring I cover the bottom about six inches deep with dry soil. 'On this I put a layer of bones about the same depth, and cover them entirely with unbleached ashes. On these another layer of bones, then ashes, and so on till the hogshead is full. I leave it then exposed to the rains all summer and winter until next spring. Then, on removing the contents of the hogshead, I find nearly all the bones so sott that they will crumble to powder under a very slight pressure, and, mixed with the ashes and the soil, they give me a small pile of most valuable manure ready for immediate use. Any of the bones not sufficiently subdued I return to the hogshead again for another twelve months' soaking. TERRIBLY DAMAeING To: THE SYSTEM are those fiery compounds of cheap, unrectified spirits, sur charged with high:wines and fusel oil, which their nefarious vendors and importers either insinuate or openly declare to be equal to UDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM AROMATIC SCHNAPPS. As to the counter feits of that supreme invigorant they are even worse. Ask for the true article, and if any other is recommended reject it.-[Advt.] 