CHAPTER VI. When the important drove reached Warbrook, great was the excitement. Wilfred's absence was always the abstraction of Hamlet from the play ; a reactionary triumph was always patent on nis safe return. The little commonwealth was visibly agitated at their approach, and as the tired cattle trailed along the track past the house towards the stockyard, with old Dick sitting bolt upright in his saddle behind them, Wilfred essayed to crack the inconveniently long whip which had been pro vided for him, and assumed an air of wildwood life suitable to a Mexican vaquero, or an Apaché Indian. The girls made their appearance upon the verandah. Old Andrew looked forth as interested deeply, yet under protest. Guy walked behind, and much admired the vast number and imposing stranger appearance of the herd. While Captain and Mrs. Effingham, arm in arm, stood at safe dis tance and appreciated intensely the prowess of their firstborn. "Now, sir," quoth the ready Dick, "we'll put 'em all in the yard and make 'em safe,! to night; to-morrow, some one will have to tail'em all day." " Tail them ?" said Wilfred, " I see that some of their ears have been scolloped, but surely it is not necessary to cut off any portion of their tails, in a hot climate like this ?" "'Scusenie, sir," replied Dick, respectfully, "I wouldn't put the knife to 'em for pounds. ' Tail ing' means shepherding." " And what does shepherding mean ? I thought shepherds were only needed for sheep." " Well, sir, I never heard any one talk of shep herding at home, but it's a currency word for fol lerin' anything that close, right agin their tails, that a shepherd couldn't be more careful with his sheep ; and so we talk of shepherding a s'picious crackter, or a lot of stock, or a man that's tossi cated with notes stickin' out of his pocket, or a young woman, or anything that wants lo akin' after very perticklar." " Now I understand," said Wilfred, interrupting the series of illustrations. " It's not a bad word at all, and might bo used in more serious matters with great convenience." " There's no mistake about that, sir. Now the yard's finished off and ready, we shall soon be able to make a start with the dairy. We'll have half a dozen calves within the week, and a lot more be fore a month's out. There's nothing breaks in cattle to stop like young calves, and you'll soon see 'em hanging about tho yard as if they d been bred here, 'specially as the feed's so forrard. There's no mistake, a myste season do make everything go pleasant." When the cattle were safely in the yard, and the rai's "wedged" and " blocked," and made safe by having spare posts placed athwart them, Wilfred unsaddled his temporarily appropriated steed, and walked into the house in that satisfactory mental condition which results from a conscious ness of hazardous but successfully completed un dertaking. " So, behold you of return," paraphrased Rosa mond, running to meet him and marching him triumphantly into the dining-room, where all re quisite preparations were completed for the even ing meal. " The time has been very long. Papa has been walking about, not exactly knowing what to do or leave undone. Guy, shooting, but not over suc cessful. The most steadily employed member of the household, and the happiest I smnpose, has been Andrew, digging without intermission the whole time." " I wish we could dig too, or have some violent employment found for us," said Annabel, impa tiently; "girls are shamefully unprovided with real work, except stocking mending. Jeanie won't let us do anything in the kitchen, and reallj that is the only place there is any fun in The house ia so large, and it's dismal and echoing at night, when the wind blows. Only think, wc found the mark of a pistol bullet in the dining room at one end, in the wall, and there is a mari like one in the ceiling !" "How do you know it was a pistol shot?" in quired Wilfred rather unsympathisingly. " Some body threw a salt-cellar at his butler in the good old times." " Terhaps it was fired in the good old times perhaps it killed some one-how horrible! per haps he was carried out through the passage ; bul we know it was a shot, because Guy poked abotu and found the bullet all flattened out." "Well, we must ask Dick Evans; very likely old Colonel Warleigh fired his pistols in his mac fits. He used to sit alone, they say, night after night, drinking and cursing ^y himself, after hi« wife died and his sons left him. No one dared tc go near him when his pistols were loaded. J3ut wc need not think of such ihings now, Annabel. He is dead and gone, and his sons, if alive, are not in this part of the country. So I see you havehad some flower-beds made while I was away. I declare thc wistaria and the old bignonia are breaking into leaf and flower. How gorgeous they will look !" " Yes, mamma said she could not exist withoul flowers any longer; so we persuaded Andrew, much against his will, for lie said he was ' just fair harassed wi' thae early potatoes,' to dig these borders. Guy helped to transplant and sow seeds, so we shall have flowers of our own once more." " We shall have everything of our own in a few years, if we are patient," said Wilfred, " and you damsels don't want all kinds of expensive luxuries and trips to watering places, and so on. This life is better than Boulogne, or the Channel Islands." " Boulogne ! a thousand-fold," said Rosamond eagerly. " Here we have life and hope. I never could fancy those poor families we used to see there were anything but ghosts and apparitions of their formel selves. JJon't you remember watching them walk ing down drearily to see the packet come in-the girls shabby or dowdy, the old people hopeless and apathetic, the sons so idle and lounging ? I shud der when I thiuk how near we were to su^h hor rors ourselves. The very air of Australia seems tc give us fresh life. Can auything be finer than this sunset?" In truth the scene upon which her eyes rested might have cheered a sadder heart than that of the high-hearted earnest maiden who now, with hei arm upon her brother's shoulder, directed his gaze to the far empurpled hills just merging their violet cloud-masses and orange-gold tints in the softly darkening eve. The green slopes of pas ture, relieved by clumps of heavy foliaged dark leaved trees, glowed emerald bright against the dark browed mountain spur. The dying sunrays fell in long fire-flakes of burning gold fretting the mirrored silver of the lake. Wrapped in a soft tremulous mist lay the hills upon the further shore, dim and vast with the subtle effect of limitless distance. The evening air was heavy with the indescribable half aromatic odours of a southern spring. AU things betokened the appro bation of Nature. At such times one could dream with the undoubting faith of older days, that Earth, the Universal Mother, loved her children, and breathed forth in sigh of breeze and miracle growth of herb and flower her Bmiling welcome. That night, as the Effingham's sat around their table, an unconscious feeling of gratitude and thankfulness dwelled each heart. The parents deemed that they saw assurance of a well provided suitable home fer the little troop, the probable disbanding of which had cost such bitter grief and death-like forebodings. The sons, with the deep faith of youth, saw a future of inexhaustible ad venture, well rewarded labour, perhaps brilliant success. The girls cheerfully admitted that their lives would not be henceforth necessarily solitary or entirely deprived of the social intercourse which had once been an ordinary condition of ex istence. "How did you fare at Mr. O'Desmond's, my son; what kind of establishment does he keep ?" inquired Mrs. Effingham. " You would all be rather astonished," answered Wilfred, mysteriously. " What should you think his place was like Annabel? You are a good one at guessing, and you never fail for want of trying," " I really can't say. He is very g;and, aristo cratic, and dignified, yet he might live-like the old woman, in a shoe-in a hut, or in a palace, for all I could make out. Men are so independent of rooms and houses, almost of looking- glasses if they wear moustaches, which, by-the-bye, Mr. O'Desmond does not. Now a woman who lives in a pokey little place, always shows it in her dress. I should say he lives in a nice comfortable cottage, and has everything very complete." "And you would be right. Really, Annabel, you are becoming quite clever. It must be the bush air. We must mind our manners and din ners, when he visits us again. He lives like a club bachelor, and is as comfortable as-let us say-a land steward to an absentee nobleman's estate." "You must be romancing, Wilfred," said Beatrice; "where could he get all the luxuries that such a great man as you have described could procure as easily as fresh laid eggs ? What, a won derful difference a few thousand "miles of distance makes. We think ourselves not so much worse, essentially, than we were in England; but we must be deteriorating." " Don't talk nonsense, my dear Beatrice," said Rosamond, with a pretty air of authority. " Is it not a little vulgar to attach so much weight to mere purchasable externals. As long as the heart remains unchanged, and we are worthily bent upon doing our duty, who is to condemn us to any social inferiority ? It will be our own faults if we sub side to any lower level of manners." " Oh ! but how can any one expect to bo the same in colonial society ?" exclaimed Annabel. "Seehow small and insignificant even 'tho best people' are out here. Why I was reading a novel, yesterday, about 'a country baronet,' and even ' a well-meaning unfashionable countess,' they were both looked down upon-positively laughed at. Now think what awful and tremendous potentates they would be out here! I'm sure that proves what I say." " Your propositions and your proofs are quite worthy of one another, my dear," said Wilfred. " Only continue your studies and you will be a literary celebrity, and they are increasing in favour at home and abroad, I perceive. But as to society, I shan't be sorry when some more of our neigh bours call upon us. I find that there are numbers within visiting distance, that is, twenty or thirty miles." " Now the house is fit to receive guests I shall be pleased enough, with you, my dear son, to see the people of the land. I am sure I hope there are somo nice people." " I wonder if there are any daughters of Heth," said Beatrice. " Wouldn't it be nice, mamma, if Wil fred married and brought an energetic unsophisti cated bush young lady to dwell amongst us P" Poor Mrs. Effingham turned pale at the auda cious suggestion. Where lives the mother who thinks it possible that her beloved son can be suit ably mated, unless the very ends of the earth are ransacked for all that is gentle and sensible, beauteous and good, refined, intellectual, graceful, abounding alike in tact and sincerity, exactly en dowed with the "juste milieu" of taste, form, fea tures, piety, and descent. Inexpressibly shocked at this hasty and imprudent manner of introducing so stupendous, well uigh sacred, a subject, tho sensitive matron looked for an instant reproach fully at tho delinquent, and thus spoke : "My dearest Beatrice, had we not a little con versation about manners a while since ? Do you think it quite in tho best taste to suggest such very uucallod for probabilities ?" Rosamond smiled gravely at her mother's evi dent alarm, but as usual essayed to allay the first hint of uneasiness. " I don't think Beatrice meant anything but in nocent mischief, mother," she said. " It was rather naughty of her providing Wilfred even with. a dream- wife, for years to come. But why should the 'ladye of tho land' be energetic or unsophisti cated ? Perhaps she is languid, owing to the mild climate. She may be learned, or ' maniérée,' or haughty and disdainful of us, for all we know. I should rather like to see her." " I shall be quite resigned if she does not pre sent herself at all," said Mrs. Effingham, who, having got the terrible idea into her head, began to fancy the land full of desirable-or rather unde sirable-daughters-in-law^ "Mamma, I never knew you were prejudiced before," said Beatrice, the undaunted. "I beg your pardon for my unwary jesting about our pre cious Wilfred. But you will have to lock him up in a brazen tower, like the Prince in the ' Arabian Nights,' if he's never to get married." " If youknew how the question of my marrying, or being given in marriage, is buried under that of ' ways and .'means' necessary, for our infant State, you would not permit an idle word to trouble you, dearest old lady," said Wilfred. " Years hence I may cautiously approach the important subject with becoming respect, when leisure and other in dispensable preliminaries have been reached. But now, my most ardent desire is, to-sleep seven hours without turning. I have had a long day and, the truth is, I am dead tired. A flat candlestick is my symbol of bliss at this present moment. Good night." * * * * * * . # *f # Matrimony might or might not be a speck in the dim fu'.ure ; but it had now become necessary, in the opinion of Wilfred, who constantly kept tue subject of their livelihood before his mind, that something should be settled about the probable annual outlay and expenditure of the family, as against income and profits. " It will not do," he said to himself, " to go on heedlessly spending ten pounds upon this, and twenty upon that, every time that old Dick Evans says it is wanted ; or that something strikes any of us as desirable in itself. That was not the way, I strongly suspect, that the earlier settlers made their money. I want to have a clear idea, also, of what we may expect to get in from crops or stock. Doubtless these very nice cattle will increase, but in the meantime * quoi faire ?'" He had risen with the sun, as was his wont, and had walked out to the lately completed stockyard while cogitating thpse reflections. There he met old Dick, clean shaved, bright eyed, fresh com plexioned, looking as if he had been about for hours. He had caught his horse, concluded his breakfast, and was now about to let out the impri soned drove to the pasture which grew so richly green in all directions, " I'll tail 'em for the first few days, sir," he said, " till I give 'em the way of camping under those big trees near the little swamp, It will make a fust-chop camp for 'em, and learn 'em to run handy to the place. After that we must get some sort of a lad to f oller 'em. It won't pay you to keep nie at blackfellow^ work." " What's that ?" inquired Wilfred. " Why simple work like this, that any fool or a ten-year-old black boy could do, if he didn't give his mind too much to 'possums. Besides, we wants a horse yard and a bit of. a horse paddock, and another field cleared and fenced, to plough for next year." " That seems a great deal of work to carry on, Richard," said his master. " Shall we not want ad ditional hands to undertake it ? Do you know, I am beginning to think it necessary to go very eco nomically to work. My father is by no means a rich man." " That's quite right, ¡fir ; no one should run themselves out of pocket, high or low. But if we had some one to go with these cows till the calves come, and that won't be long, you and I could do all the work I have chalked out." " Why should not Guy tail the cows, as you call it?" suggested Wilfred, much pleased with the idea that they would be able to provide adequate labour from theil' own community. " It would do him no harm." t n " Perhaps the young gentleman mightn't like it, suggested Dick, with deep respect. " It's rather dull work, every day, like." * " Oh 1 he must like it," decided Wilfred, with the despotic elder brother tone. " We have corne out here to work, and he must take his share. Be may find it dull for a time ; but he can shoot a little and amuse himself, as long as he doesn't ccmiei home without them, like Little Bopeep. What would a boy cost ?" "About six or eight shillings a week and his rations, sir, which would come to about as nj-uch more. But the young master could come in about four o'clock, afternoons, 'specially after the calve ft come, because when they're shut up in the calf pens the cows won't go away." « Then we make a saving at once of from sixteen shillings (to one pound a week, including cost of food, or rations, as you call it. I don't think Guy ever earned so much in his life before. He will be quite proud of his value in the labour market. You and I can begin splitting and fencing at once." _ [TO BB CONTINUED, I 