IPSWICH. fFEOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.! September 27. Last Thursday evening, Mr. C- Carrington delivered his loeturo on ' Australian Natural History,' in the large hall of tho School of Arts. His Worship the Mayor of Ipswich presided. I am sorry to have to roport that the attendance was not so largo as it ought to Tiotta Tinnn rPK-» Tnnfurrtr nrtlv nimfid to in terest and inform the young people in tho natural history Jof their own country. Tho object of tho lecture was most worthy — the augmentation of the fund for tho orection of a hospital for sick children. Mr. Carrington succeeded in interesting tho young folk who attended his lecturo, and received a vote of thanks at the close. Another amended railway time-tablo will come into operation on tho 1st proximo. Wo have had several during the past twelve months, in but spite of profession there seems to be no amendment, so far as concerns publio convenience. I am disposed to think that the new time table will work better than the existing ono. Thero is to bo a fast train from Brisbane for Warwick and Warra at 8.60 a.m. In tho afternoon tho down fast train will leave Ipswich at 2.55, and run through to Brisbano in fifty-fivo minutes. Thero will bo another train from Ipswich at 3.15 p.m., stopping at all stations. In tho evening the 6.10 train will run as at present ; and will be followed by a late train at n .t rn,.\\. ,..:n „„n „u „f„Kn„a and will be a great convenience to residents in the railway suburbs of Brisbane. Tho morn ing trains hence at 7.20 and 8.20, will be unchangod ; as also will be|the afternoon trains leaving Brisbano at 3 and 4.20. The new time tablo provides no remedy for the present anomalous state of the mail arrange ments between Brisbano and Ipswioh. I hear that a goods train is to run about two o'clook in the afternoon ; surely a mail bag could be sent by that train. Ourmorning mails fromBrisbano . are made up at the General Post Office at 9.30 ; these are delivered at half-past three in the after noon. Tho afternoon mails are mado up at half-past 2 in tho afternoon; these aro de livered by the letter-carriers the next morning at half-nast 9. So that any letters nested in Brisbano after 9.30 a.m. aro not delivered by tho carriers till 9.30 a.m. the noxt day. Ib not that an admirable arrangement for a town of such Bize and importance ob Ipswich, only 24 (' miles distant, and with seven trains per day ? I hope Mrs. Graham will get a gratuity of some decent amount. Sho has boon a good and faithful servant of tho Government ; per haps a littlo strict in her maintenance of dignity and authority, but withal, conscien tious and reliable. Many of hor best years have been spent in tho servico of tlie colony. 'I do not think £300 is too large a sum. _8ho has not had a salary whioh would permit of ? muoh hoarding. Tho Ipswichians in tho Assombly have an ? open oyo to local interests. I perceive that 'Mr. Thompson iB watching tho Custom HouBe arrangoment. Ho also is following tho Minister for Works hard and close about the now road at Churchill. Perhaps ho knows bcBt lam no partix'Ui. But wo have already two roads 1 out of Ipswich, leading to tho main Warwick ^ Road, but some peoplo want a third. It almost seemB to me that a littlo adaptation of existing roads would meet tho caso ; but what has a simple scribo to do with politics and road making ? Mark you, thero is a close connec tion botweon politics and roads ! On Friday last a meeting was held of tho Committoo of tho Ipswich and West Moreton Agricultural and Horticultural Association. Three tenders wero oponed for tho ereotiou of gatoB at tho grounds of tho Association. There ?was a difference of £32 between tho hi ghost and loyrest tendor. Peter Denholo's for £42 ? was acceptod. Mr. Gill, tho chairman, drew the attontion of tho Committeo to tho reported ravages of tho Froncli vineyards by tho f i Phylloxera ; and Btatod that whilst Franco ' was entitled to our sympathy in tho terriblo calamity which has befallen ono of her chief industries, it Bhould not bo forgotten that her ' losses might yot prove a great commercial advantage to Australia by making this con tinent tho greatest wine-producing country in tho world. Ho thought that Government ? should be aBked to prohibit tho introduction of ? vines and vino cuttings from Europe. A re solution was consequently carried appointing tho Hon.' J. M. Thompson and Mossrs. O. F. Chubb and John Irwin, n deputation to wait on tho Colonial Treasurer, and ask him to ? take tlio necessary stops for an absoluto prohibi ? tion of imported Vines. In pursuance of that ? resolution f'o deputation have to-day proceeded ? to Brisbano to intorviow tho Troasurer. The Municipal Council held its usuul sitting ?' on Monday aftornoon. Thero does not appear . oa that' occasion to havo been any row. A considerable amount of formal business was got through. Tho Council seomod scarcely to know how to deal with tho consequences of its vote on tho 27th August, which was this, — ' That tho Council suspend its expenditure of money on works at present.' Rovongo may bo sweot to tho palato, but it is not always ea.sy of dipostion ; so it is easior to carry a resolution than to grapplo with its results. Tho Wesleyan Sunday School Building Committeo lias accepted the tender of Messrs. Stewart and Wyman for tho erection of a weatherboard sclioolhouso for £344 10s. This amount docs not includo internal fittings nor foncing. Tho criminal Bittings of tho Metropolitan District Court commenced hero on Tuesday. Tho only criminal caso was that of Mary Jane Gillott, for concealment of birth; plea of ' guilty ;' sentence ono week's imprisonment. In tho' Civil Court, James Ivory sued for and recovered £18 6s. 10d., value of a horso, from Miles O'Reilly. Georgo Harden sued Mr. W. M. Bowman for £90, for commission on ealo of somo cattle, but failed to secure a verdict. 