HINTON. Wehave had amost refreshing rain, which will bea great boon to the people generally, The farmers say they have had just enough for a couple of months. I think, however, the stockowhers would be very well pleased to have a couple of days'steady rain. Feed on tbe agricultural land arem« is very abun- dant, the procaution hsving beenÄaben to sow large quantities of barley fqafeedifg^Vposes. A magic lantern emei^iiitfmeVivwaB given one night last week in the C. E Sunday School, to the teachers, scnolars, and others. The entertainment consisted of Bcriptural and other views, and gave great satisfaction to a large audience. A lecture on " Ghosts and Evil Spin's" was de- livered in the School of Arts on Monday night, by Mr. W. R. Har vison, of Sydney, to a very fair bouse. Our cricketers have commenced practice for the /Citing season, and so numerous has been the muster c\ iwijPnt awning, that three balls were kept im ai^Kj^culation. The committee have under con4 eidtJXfion the propriety of renting a piece of land convenient to the town and admirably adapted for cricketing. It is to be hoped that a satisfactory con- clusion will soon be arrived at to allow of the neces- sary improvements boing carried out in due time. A general meeting is to be called shortly for the transaction of the usual business at the beginning of the season. A handsome and well-deserved testimonial was presented on Saturday last, to Airs. Atkins, the postmistress, by Miss Pearse and Mrs. Millett, on behalf of the subscribers. The testimonial consists of a purse of money of a very con- siderable amount, and shows the estimation in which Mrs. Atkins is held by the people generally, as well as the success of the exertions of the fair col- lectors. Miss Pearso states that the subscriptions were added to by almost everyone on whom she called. Mrs. Atkins is desirous of returning her sincere tbanks to all her friends, and especially to Miss Pearse and Mrs. Millett. Some amusement was crented here last night by one of, our-would-be reformers addressing a large crowd of people from the bilciny of the Victoria Hotel. Some little delny was occasioned by the gentleman who promised to act as chairman not coming forward. That difficulty was, however, sur- mounted by the duty being undertaken by a lady and gentleman conjointly, whose suggestions from tims to time seemed to ba of considerable advantage to the speaker. He commenced by stating bis belief that the institutions of the country were fast going to the bad, and required a speedy and complete re- formation. Certain road ¡¿fuetees íd the district seemed however to fall most under his disa, proval, but for what reason wasMiot very clearly stated. The audience freely indulged in cbaff, and at last became so demonstrative that the speaker, thinking discretion the better part of valour, beat.a hasty re- treat ; but has promised to renew the discourse some night during tlae ensuing moonlight. Thursday night. 