ECHOES FROM THE BUSB. By Geoffey Cbabthokn. like my fellow-colonists throughout the country I sincerely regret the cause that constrains our newly-installed Governor to quit his post and seek repose in what to mm win oe a less trying climate. I can not claim any acquaintance with His Excellency even in his public capacity, and I will not feign a depth of sorrow it -would be unreasonable to feel; but nevertheless I can comprehend and fully sympathize' with the pang which one who has undertaken a high trust must experience when he finds his strength unequal to the duties of his office. The sacrifice must be severe in any case — how much severer when necessitated by the lack of that chiefest of all blessings, good health! Thinking thus the colony may well bid God speed to the gentleman who has held such brief authority over us almost in the very words of his illustrious rmiTi |, l'y 1 1 ifl.n ;— SOUTH AUSTRALIA TO SIB WILLIAM CAIRNS. One bumper at parting ! Though many Have not passed between us as yet, The fullest, the saddest of any We drink when we scarcely have met. The sweetness that friendship hath in it Is always so slow to come forth, That seldom, alas, till the minute It dies, do we know half its worth. But come — may your life's future measure Partake of earth's blessedest boon, And, born of repose, may the treasure Of health be restored to you soon ! See now what it is to have too modest an opinion of one's inventive faculty! Had not my eyes been opened to a sense of my own genius by those letters from Mr. Hinckley, of Narracoorte, claiming the credit of being the real raiser of the Willunga, by vntue of having first suggested the patch upon the dredger's broken side, I might have gone on t?U doomsday puttmg patches on my leaky tanks without knowing that my simple method of covering a hole in a structure of iron ought properly to rank as one of the great discoveries of the age. It is all very well for Mr. Hickson and the other professors of the science to say that tho plan is an old one. When the wisest man who ever lived distinctly affirmed that there is nothing new under the sun, it is surely somewhat unreason able to throw it in Mr. Hinckley's teeth that his scheme is not an exception to the universal rule. And if they were all so well acquainted with the method, why didn't they propose its adoption? A fig for your oracle who looks on with his mouth shut while you are making a bungle of a job, and then when some kind soul shows you the right way to do it shrugs his shoulders and cries, with a scornful laugh, 'Why,Icouldhavetold you that long ago.' I don't suppose, however, that my intelli gent Engineer of Harbours was un acquainted with the plan ultimately adopted, even before it was suggested to him by Mr. Hinckley, but he evidently did not i.hiTik it the best plan, whereas Mr. Hinckley assuredly did. For this reason then, if for no other, let the latter have all the honour and glory of evolving the patch idea out of his own moral conscious ness. The history of the case may be summed up in the following adaptation of an old nursery rhyme : — 'WHO RAISED THB DREDGER ? Who raised the dredger? ' I,' said Mr. Hickson, ' With the patch I did fix on ; I raised the dredger.' 'Who gave the hint ? ' I,' said Mr. Hinckley, His brow growing wrinkly — 'I gave the hint.' Who knew the plan, too ? ' We,' said with sneers All the civil engineers, ' We knew the plan, too.' Who claimed it likewise? ' I,' said the diver, ' In hopes to earn a 'fiver j* I claimed it likewise.' Who stopped his boasting)1 ' I,' said the Register, '? When I made about the dredge a stir, I stopped his boasting.' Who'll pay the bill? ' I,' says the taxpayer, ' Although I always lack spare I Cash, / must pay the bill.' As for the little 'Gawler boy' who gave a runaway knock at my door in Saturday's Register, I dismiss him with a friendly pat on the back for his boldness. He must be a very clever boy to be able to spell ' farinaceous' and all the other long words he puts into his story, but I fear from his strange ideas about pocket money that he is but a poor hand at his sums. Still I take his letter as a cordial though covert compliment, for is it not written — 'Imitation is the sincerest flattery '*' I see some one advertises that he will teach the art of writing in a specified number of lessons, and guarantees to impart to ladies a knowledge of ' the best angular style.' Now I do not object to the angular style in feminine caligraphy, because as a rule ladies write a plain though peculiar hand, but if tho adver tiser would undertake to abolish the absurd fashion of crossing letters he would confer an everlasting benefit upon all unhappy men who are favoured with epistles from their fair friends. If the inscriptions on the recently-discovered Assyrian tablets had been written by a woman in the style similar to that I complain of they would have remained a puzzle beyond the power of human ingenuity to unravel. I would sooner labour through the confused cali graphy of an illiterate ploughman or an overtaxed editor than bewilder my brain with the crossed and recrossed crochet work of the loveliest lady in the land. Only the unhappy recipient of such a literary labyrinth can realize the pro longed agony of the task. You get hold of the letter and think you have started fair, but in a few sentences you find yourself shunted on to one of those lines that run across, and you have to try back. If you have the same in stinct as the hound who can follow one particular trail through a hundred diverg ing tracks, you can get on pretty well, but you always feel inclined to go off at a tangent. Supposing you get safely .to the bottom, you never know whether to take the cross-track or turn over and begin endways ; if you do one, you are very apt to come to the end of the letter before you have got to tho middle ; and if you take the other coutsc you are just as likely to be brought up all standing at a sentence that plainly refers to something yon have not yet come to. After floundering about like a fly in a spider's web, you give it up with a con fused idea that something is wanted, but you must not get it because it is not yet required, and even if it were there is some one else to be consulted first ; but anyhow you had better go and see about it, or do something else which you can't make out, and there you are likely to stop. Perhaps the following appeal from a sufferer will touch the consciences of the fair offenders :— LADIES' LETTERS. By a Puzzlkd Bbcihect. When ladies write And notes indite I do not like to criticise; They spell with care, « Their style is fair, I The writing of a pretty size. i Tis small and neat And aye replete With woman's grace, that pleases us. But, with much pain, I must complain Of one defect that teases us. She oft inclines To run her lines Across, like open netting work ; And then to rout The meaning out Is wearisome and fretting work. To find the clue And run it true Through all the writer's business I oft have failed And sometimes quailed From sheer fatigue and dizziness. This criss-cross style, Like woman's smile, Has something scarce revealed in it ; A billet doux, Though fair to view, May have a sting concealed in it. You spell it down With puzzled frown Pursuing each queer twist of it, And pore an age O'er every page Before you get the gist of it. I cannot see Why this should be, For paper cheap enough it is ; Yet this they treat As if each sheet Were worth a pair of mnffetocs. Across the end You may depend She'll slip an urgent postscript in, At which you gaze In muddled maze As dazed as if a ghost stepped in. If things like this Still go amiss Her folly I must satirize ; But woman, sure, The plague will cure, If she aright the matter eyes. Then lot us pray, When next she may ? Be writing to some pet of her, She'll wisely learn New leaves to turn In fact as well as metaphor. MY PORTFOLIO. [The following lines from an occasional contributor only came to hand on Satur day, but although they deal with an event of the previous week they are too good to be lost.] THB GAWLER SCHOOL FESTIVAL. He is sure a very hearty, Very genial kind of party, Is the worthy Mayor of Gawler, Mister Martin J And he works with rare good will, And good management and skill In any cause he puts his warm old heart in. And the Gawlerites all say That they never were so gay, Or so deeply filled with loyal admiration, As when Sir William Cairns Came and talked about their bairns And their urgent need of solid education. Then to banqueting they wont As if they all were bent On filling in their systems every hollow ; Says the caterer, ' For sartin Not only a big Martin Gawler boasts of, but a more capacious swallow,' When his Worship's hospitality To the proud Municipality ? Had been heartily partaken by each guest* The popping of champagne Woke the Chairman's loyal vein, And in weighty words the meeting be addressed Then not without good causo There was very loud applause As His Excellency answered to the toast j Ah, little do the} think As his health they warmly drink How soon hell be departing from our coast. Soon simple-minded Wincey The Government invinci ble proposed, saying he could no'or agree With the Register so hateful ; — And the Government so grateful Gazetted him next Thursday a J.I'. But the Premier silent sate, By his cute subordinate Quite eclipsed, great Chief Secretary Ayors, Who assumed a telling attitude And uttered many a platitude About the toilfof office and its cares. And the bland teetotal Carr, Who wished himself afar, Chewed the cud of bitter memories aa be thought 'Twas a painful exhibition For a mar. in his position In a false attack on Boucaut to be caught. Ere the speechifying ended The Mayor, I fear, transcended The limits of good breeding in a host j For he maladroitly made His Excellency to the ladies Propose all unexpectedly a toast. Sir William, sorely tried, Most good-humouredly complied; But let Gawler, when a Governor sbo greeti With banquets and with banners, Pay twopence more for manners, Nor chaff him though from marriage he retreats. Now ^ood-by to the fair city That in many a dubious ditty Is pronounced the Modern Athens, a- I hear ; Good-by the jovial faces, And the ladies' modest graces — (What a place it is for millers and for beer !) Good-by to classic Gawler, Where I hope no midnight brawler Disturbs the peaceful slumbers of the Mayor; In the cause of education 9 May she never know stagnation, Nor a Pericles be wanting in the Chair I LATEST FROM THE ELECTIONS. Why did Mr. Coglin at the poll look like a badly cooked leg of mutton ? Because he was bo much under Dunn. 