? THÉ WRECK OF A LIFE. (Written expressly for the Weekly Examiner. CHAPTER TO. UNMASKED. The movements of the two individuals, who had now for a moment become invisible, were of such importance that all sense* of personal danger or discomfort was lost in my intense eagerness to unravel the secret. Resolving not to be seen, but to see everything, I kept carefully in the shadow of the shrubbery that skirted the lawn and approached the. walnut trees. As I passed swiftly and as silently as possible, a low cry of pain from Ethel caused me to stop abruptly. The cry was not repeated, but Ethel emerged from the shadow of the walnut trees, and stood in the clear moonlight on the lawn. But Arnold's hand was laid lightly on her shoulder, and I could hear him address her with infinite tenderness, and saw that he toot her hand gently and led her towards the spot where I •was standing. I drew back—my dark drapery w ould not be observed amidst the equally dark shrubs. I held my breath as they came nearer and nearer. He was speaking softly and soothingly to her—she was evidently in deep distress, for her voice was broken by sobs. " Dearest—I thought it better to awake you, the hoar is so advanced, and though the neighbourhood is credited •with the most perfect respectability and safety, still there might be daDger lurking unseen and unsuspected, even in these very grounds. Besides, I know not the extent." . But here his voice became inaudible, and I moved from my hiding place, and still peeping in the shadow, followed them as closely as I dared. To the house they bent their steps—she entered by the same door she had left. Again I crouched into the shade while Arnold leisurely retraced his steps, passed me, and crossed the lawn again. I hurried in, though I was unable to obtain an entrance without making more noise than was desirable, and then swiftly ascending the stairs I tapped gently at Ethel's door. To my surprise and delight she came to it immediately, askmg in a subdued voice. " who is there ?" It is I, Ethel dear. Pray let me in —-I am sleepless to-night, and want you to talk to." In an instant the door was opened, and Ethel, in her impulsive way, had clasped her arms around me. " You must come to my room, Ethel. I have a fire there, for summer as it is I am cold. You must share my great mdc bed to-night, and we will talk until ™ go to sleep. Come on." She came. We undressed—I affecting Bot to notice that she had not removed any of her clothes. Then the difficulties f task seemed for the first time present themselves. How should 1 begin ? How should I venture the attempt to strip the disguise from this guileful man who had evidently penetrated poor Ethel's secret, and used the knowledge as he used his opportunities « daily discourse with her for his own . se a nd selfish purposes. For a few jûuiutes we sat in* our night dressés £ ef °re the fire, I keeping Ethel's attendrawn to sundry little arrangeants in the way of creature comforts, uich the exceedingly light repast of ? e evening at Bramble House rendered grateful to my companion. There as amongst them ajar of preserved W 8 *?' which had been brought to me J the captain of the vessel who had S e of Ethel Gordon, when her mci e had sent her from the. West Indies. So we enjoyed the preserve, and chatted of her own sunny land, and then haviog become thoroughly, communicative as we warmed with our subject, we extinguished our light and got into bed. " I suppose there are no such things as ghosts in Jamaica, Ethel, are there?": I asked laughingly. "Whynot?" said Ethel, "I don't remember ever hearing of one, but why shouldn't there be ghosts there as well as here ?" " It seems to me that they only inhabit old northern countries and temperate climates, but it is a foolish fancy, perhaps. I-suppose you know that they are seen occasionally at Bramble House ?" " I have heard Henry say there is a legend to that effect," said Ethel, but there was something peculiar in the tone of her voice, and I felt her heart beat irregularly for a moment. " Did he ever tell you the story of " No," replied Ethel; "what was it?" I briefly narrated the outlines of ihe story, laying particular emphasis on the legend of Agnes Montague's reappearance at intervals in Bramble House. "But you don't believe that portion of the story, do you ?" said Ethel very "I am not superstitious EtheL I have veiy little faith in any of these modern phenomena that are puzzliog the brains of the philosophic, and amusing the idle ; but still there exists, I believe, in everyone's mind a half and very unwillingly acknowledged belief that the spirit world does occasionally manifest itself to this mortal. You must remember how when the prophet's companion doubted and was dismayed, his eyes were opened, and the spirit world was made visible. Well, for all we know to the contrary, the spirits of the departed may revisit the scenes in which, while clothed in mortality, they played an important part. Now some months ago I was very late in going to bed—you may remember having a long chat with me that very night, and my remaining by the fireside after you had bidden me good night. It was 12 o'clock when I left the room and took my taper; I reached the foot of the staircase, and was about to ascend, when a slight noise above me caused me to look up. It was the anniversary of the attempted arrest of Herbert Forster, and there upon the landing and approaching the head of the stairs were two figures —a tall dark haired woman, and a tall fair haired man. They came down and passed me without observing me, and then went out at the back door." I felt an involuntary and momentary clutch from Ethel's slender fingers as Ï spoke of the tall dark haired woman and the fair haired man, but for some minutes she said nothing. At length she asked me rather anxiously, I thought, "But did you not recognise them? They might not see you, though I suppose if they did they would not have taken any notice of you. Spirits don't, do they ?" "I cannot say that I recognised them, Ethel ; but if I had been asked who they resembled—though, of course, the folly of such a fancy is apparent —I 6hould have been inclined to say Ethel Gordon and Mr Arnold." " It is curious that this Agnes Montague should have been tall and dark, and Herbert Forster tall and fair; and that Henry and I should be living likenesses of them. But I think that Agnes must have been far more beautiful than I, though Herbert Forster could not have been handsomer than Henry." " There was a singular event happened the very first night I was here, Ethel." 6 " What was that i" "You will begin to think me quite a weak minded fanciful creature if I tell you any more of the strange sights I have seen. Well, the very first night I was here, Mr Arnold was amusing himself by endeavoring to alarm me. He hinted that I should probably have some unearthly companions in my bedchamber—that they rambled all over Bramble House, and would resent my intrusion. I treated his warnings very lightly, and laughed at the idea of such old fashioned things as ghosts troubling a young lady in the nineteenth century. Well, to bed I went, locked my door, turned off my lamp until only the faintest glimmer was visible, and then went to sleep. I awoke with a shiver, and wondering what had caused it, turned on my lamp. My door was open. I was greatly astonished, for I felt quite sure that I had locked it; however, I resolved there should be no mistake about it this time, so I locked it and unlocked it, and then locked it again, and then got into bed again. Ho^v long I slept I don't know, but I think I must have been awake towards morning ; but looking in the direction of the oval mirror on the table at the foofc'of my bed I distinctly saw a dark form pass my bed, and the reflection of a dark face in the mirror. Whether I was' alarmed and terror tied, or whether I was between sleeping and waking , and was unable to rouse myself, I cannot tell ; but when the morning came I awoke from a heavy sleep, and hastily dressing stepped to the door and put my hand upon the key. It was needless, the door was unlocked ! Now, Ethel, what explanation would you be inclined to give of the mystery ?" "I think," said Ethel, after a long pause, "that you did not lock your door at first though you thought you did ; that some one entered the room that did not know you were there that when she found how matters stood she left the room, and so the door was left unlocked." " A very rational explanation, Ethel. I find you are not disposed to make a mystery of anything that can possibly be elucidated. Now, wouldn't it be much more romantic, and as the advertisers say, ' thrilling,' if we conclude that the dark form that was reflected in the mirror was spectral ?" " It would be very improbable ; in fact, I don't believe in spirits at all," said Ethel, decidedly. " Then you don't think that they were the spirits of Herbert Forster and Agnes Montague that I saw descend the stairs ?" Ethel was silent. " I have strange dreams at times," she said, after a long pause. " I think you believe in me, don't yon, Ethel ?" I said. The answer was a wam embrace. " And believing in me> in my love for you, in the interest that I take in all that concerns your welfare, will you listen to something painful that I have to communicate to you—something that only came to my knowledge to-day ?" " Yes, dear Miss Lacey, for I know that you are truthful and that you love me. And oh, dear Miss Lacey, how much falsehood and selfishness there is in the world." " My darling, I don't like to bear you talk of the world as if you had already experienced its hollowness and suffered from its duplicity." . " It seems to me that almost everyone wears a mask," replied Ethel. " Can I believe that Miss Kute regards me as anything more than a very paying speculation ? Do you think she cares a fraction what I am or what I become so long as she gets her hundred per annum % Not she, And yet to hear her talk and see her act, one would suppose her to be actuated by the noblest and most exalted motives that can influence a human being. Look again at Miss Austen. She is clever, agreeable, handsome, andali that superficial people give her credit for; but I don't believe in her—I am sure she is callous, avaricious, ambitious. I don't think she could do a really generous action." I did not attempt to interrupt my companion, though I was astonished at the clear perception of the girl, who had seen so little of the world, and yet who had estimated so accurately the characters of the two women with whom she had been constantly brought into contact during her school days. I hoped she would continue the, list'for I longed to hear her comments on one who I knew to be falsest of the false though wearing the mask of manly candour. But however clearly she had read the characters of Miss Kute and Miss Austen she was evidently at fault with regard to Henry Arnold. How could it be otherwise ? Did ever woman's judgment outweigh woman's love ? I am afraid not; if it did how much of sorrow and useless repentance, of subsequent error and vain strife against a self-made destiny might we escape ! "But you must not judge of the world by Miss Kute or Miss Austen, Ethel. There are a few of the gentle and the good—of the generous and the self-denying—who may be called the 6alt of the earth, and who keep society from putrifying." " I hope it is not all like this little world here," said Ethel.. " I have seen but littfe of it myself, Ethel—and to say the truth, even that little.has not gFrc&Mne; b good opinion of it; still I,, have more faith in my fellow creatures than to believe them all to be selfish, and deceptive, and base. But we are running away from our subject, Ethel. I asked you if you could believe in me—if you feel that I love you,—and you answered 'yes.' Now, you know what Solomon says— « Faithful are the wounds of-a friend, but the kisses of an enemy are deceitful.' If I wound you, as I fear I must, oh, believe me that it is in love. Ethel." ' She did not speak, but closed her hands very tightly upon my arm. " I know a secret that is known to at least one other, Ethel. I told you the story of Agnes Montague, and related that singular circumstance in my first night's experience of Bramble House, hoping that you would communicate to me what Henry Arnold has discovered and used for the advancement of his own purposes." The grasp upon my arm became tighter, and I heard her breath come short and quick. " Yes, dear Ethel, I know that you are subject to that strange condition that is called somnambulism, that you were in my room, and that it was you that descended the stairs when I stood in the darkness watching and wondering. But who was it with you? I could not speak positively until tonight, when I followed you and saw him. Ah, Ethel, it is hard to have the mask stripped from the face that we have looked upon as the face of an angel, but I must unmask him to-night : I must show you that he, BO seemingly good and noble, so generous and brave as you believe him to be, is, after all, like those apples of Sodom that we read about." The breath came shorter—the heart seemed as it it would burst, so violent were its pulsations. " You have a clear mind, a strong will, a warm heart. I could almost wish that you were like Lydia Austen, cold and unfeeling, so that thia heavy grief should not oppress you as it wilL But I have confidence in your will and your intellect, Ethel, and you will bear ' bravely the inevitable. I have not, for many months past, been able to regard Henry Arnold as you regard him. I Lave discovered much that was superfioial and insincere in him. I have thought him clever, and fascinating, and dangerous, because his talents and arts •were exercised to no better purpose than self-advancement. "With generous sentiments on his lips, there was sordid desire in his heart. His cleverness, his caution, his power of pleasing, his personal advantages, all were used to minister to liis own gratification. Still he was handsome and winning, and I could not wonder that you loved him ; and perhaps after all, though it seemed to me ungenorous and unworthy on his part to win you when your choice was so limited as it has been here, you would Lave perhaps as muoli chance of bappi ness with him as with, any other of the money-seekers who would be sure to get you. I shut my eyes to his defects, and put off the evil day that seemed imminent, in the hope that some good influence would intervene and save you. But this afternoon, as I walked silently and thoughtfully in the garden, I heard voices, and your name -was mentioned. Involuntarily I stopped and listened. Oh, Ethel dear, even in my lowest estimate of Henry Arnold I -never approached to the real depth of his baseness! Would you—can you •believe that this man to whom yon have given your heart, and whom you have invested with all the graces and virtues that a woman can love and reverence—this man who has over and over again vowed eternal constancy to you—there, beneath the eye of Truth, deliberately forswore himself, and declared his love to another ?" " To another 1 Who ?" gasped Ethel, her grasp becoming positively painful, and the words seeming to choke her. " To another as false and fair as himself—to one who, unless a just Heaven interposes, will sell herself shortly to a good and noble man who, poor soul, like you, believes iu her as you do in him." " It is false," shrieked Ethel, starting up in bed : " it cannot be true. Oh, Henry, Henry, tell me that it is not true." I passed my arms around her and laid her gently down. " Ethel, dear Ethel," I said, " I have, I can have no •motive for deceiving you. This sad knowlege has come to me so recently that I have had no time for consider- -atioa as to my final action in the matter. I came to the resolution to undeceive you first. How I shall deal with the other parties I cannot yet tell." But poor Ethel neither heeded nor heard me. She was sobbing convulsively. I thought it better to let her indulge her grief to the full, for in the hot rain of tears she might find some relief to her bursting heart. How the few remaining moments of the night passed I can scarcely recall. I remember that I lighted a candle, and bathed her feverish forehead, and strove to soothe her into passive endurance ; but when the morning dawned there was the glare of fever in her glorious eyes, and wild words issued from her parched lips. The chill of her night's walk, and the •excitement of the discovery of her lover's perfidy that I had felt it my duty to communicate to her had done their •work. I was in a most painful position, for Ethel mingled the names of Arnold and Lydia Austen and mine in lier ravingsj " Ali !" she would exclaim, " I know you ; go away ! go away ! You stole bis heart from me—you, dark and beautiful as you are—you Lydia Austen." And she would point her slender finger at me in bitter scorn and hatred. •Galling a servant to attend to lier during my absence, I hurried down stairs and communicated the fact of her illness to Miss Kute, making such explanations as I thought proper regarding her presence in my •room. Miss Kute ascending the stairs stood at the door of my chamber for a •moment jnst in time to hear the words from poor Ethel—" Why did you awake me 'i Oh, Henry, you have frightened me ! Go, you serpent ! you viper !—Go to Lydia Austen—she is fair and false like you. Ha, ha, ha ! Caroline Lacey caw me in her room did she ? Why did slie follow me ? Take them away, take •tliem away !" (To be continued. ) 