COLOR GHOSTS. • Someyeais ago a book was published in this country—wo cannot recall its exact title—tho purpose of which was the production of ghosts. On its pages were various representations of spectrat shapes, printed in extremely brilliant colors on a white ground. Directions we$3 given to fix tho eyes intently on these for souuj moments, and then turn them suddenly to a white wall or screen, when tho ghost would appear in tho form depicted in tho book, but of an entirely different color. If the picture was red, the spectre on the wall would be green ; if tho former was yellow, the latter would be blue; and 60 on. A similar illusion may be produced by any ol our readers in a much simpler way. Cut a small disk out of white paper aud jay it on a black surface. Look at it steadily for a quarter of a minute or so, and thou direct the eye to a white, or, better, to a grey surface, as a sheet of grey paper, and you will see a dark image of the sliape and sizo of the white disk. If a colored disk is used, the after-image, as it is called, will be colored, but of tho hue complementary to that of the disk; that is, if tho one is green the other will be purple; if tho one is yellow or orange tho other will bo of a darker or lighter blue, etc. Complementary colors, as most of our readers probably know, are those which, if mixed, will produce white. If the surface is of tho same color as the disk, the after-image will be faint and whitish; if it is of the color complementary to that of the disk, the image will appear of the same color intensified. Thus, if the disk is bluish green, and the gaze is turned from it to a red ground, we shall see a "ghost" of a deeper and more brilliant red. If we look upon a colored surface of any other than the complementary hue, the color of the after-image will blend with that of the surface. For instance, if the object is green and the surface blue, the image will be violet. These phenomena admit of a very simple explanation. When the retina of the eye has been exposed to a continued impression of one color, it is wearied and becomes less sensitive to that color. If now it is exposed to the impression of white light, it will respond more readily to the other colors that make up white—that is, to those which produce tho complementary hue. Quite likely some of our readers who have occasion to use red ink have observed that if, after writing with it for some minutes, they change directly to black ink, the latter will at first appear of a distinct green color. Some eyes are more sensitive than others to these delusive impressions, but any person can see the complementary color if he has looked at the other long enough to tire the eye. Dr. Bczold, in his "Theory of Colors," among many curious things connected with this subject, illustrates the fact that, while if a black object be seen against a colored ground (as black print on red paper), the black, when viewed intently, will show a slight tinge of the complementary color, tho effect is greatly heightened by laying thin white tissue paper over the surface, showing that " an admixture of white light is favorable to the production of contrast." He also notes the singular fact that the various colors which may bo given to the ground differ greatly in then' capability of calling forth the contrasting colors. " Green, blue, and violet—in fact, all the socalled cold colors—will originate very vivid contrasting colors, while this is the case to a much lower degree with red, yellow, and yellowish green." Tho colored plates in Dr. Bezold's books illustrate this very vividly, but the reader cau produce a similar effect by putting a disk or figure cut out of black paper or cloth on a bright-colored surface—red, yellow, green, blue, or purple—and spreading the whito tissue- paper over tho whole. The variety of hues which the black assumes is very striking, and tends decidedly to shako one's faith in the popular proverb that "seeing is believing." Wo know that the black is the black, but we cannot see it as black, however earnestly wo may endeavour to reason ourselves out of tho illusion.—Boston Journal of Chemistry. EDINBURGH UNIVERSITY.—We learn that the Treasury have agreed to recommend votes from the Consolidated Fund for £80,000 towards the new buildings devoted to the Science Schools of the University of Edinburgh, in four yearly instalments of £20,000 each. This vote is to supplement a like amount subscribed by the public. Under the heading of the Free Lance Rights of Cockatoo Settlers Invaded, the Wolgett correspondent of the Duhbo Dispatch writes :—" Mr Barry, who took up 640 acres on Mooribee ap»w» time ago, has not experienced much neighborly love from the Crown lessees. He has had Ms horses impounded twice at a cost of nearly £50 • but nothing daunted, Barry brought in a relation on a recent land day, and repeated the dose with another 640 acres, which, with his pre-emptive, fZf in * r le ? ; • and > same to the end declared he will 'sock it on' more yet. It is getting a roughish time for the squatters down here. There are a lot of' cookies' coaching about, and they swear it they are molested or annoyed they will < select." I feel for the poor squatters." ? ? 