feap. <0 " LOOK TO YOUR NOSE."' This is a very, commoa expression, but there is more in it than at first meets the eye. Noseology is a neglected science. Dr. Watts wrote— " The mind's the standard of the man." Noseologists have a different idea. Their great apostle, Mr. Sloane, thought that the noBe is the true needle to point to the load stone of heart aud mind alike. It is the most prominent outcome of the inner nature. It attaches to itself all the mental superiority of the human cosmogony... ' - The varieties of noses are legion — the shades of difference are multifarious, even in noses with a like general outline. These differences are perceptible, yet in many cases so faintly so that one would almost need to go into logarithms to estimate precisely. The contour of the face affects noses greatly, and a like pattern of nose on a fair man presents a difference of appearance upon a dark ; and on fair and dark alike the weather, worry, or sickness makes a wonderful alteration. Into the minutice of noses, however, there is little need to enter, as most observers can take stock of them after a description of the four generic types. As the study progresses the types can be divided and subdivided accord ing to the keenness of the observation of the reader. The generic order of noses is here put thus : — 1\. The Pug. 2\. The Roman. 3\. The Grecian. 4\. The Grecian, or Composite Order. The pug nose, pur cf simple, it will readily be admitted by all — except, perhaps, its possessor — is by no means an attractive feature in the face, especially if the upward curve starts about a third of the distance from whence the organ is eliminated from th, forehead. There are pug noses, especially in Irishmen, if not too much elevated skyward which are not without humour if they happen to be set off with twinkling blue or light grey eyes ; but if the " diamonds" at each side are not expressive, the pug nose is almost next, to repulsive. As a rule, from a pug nose supplementary to an opaque face, the writer instinctively recoils. The owner of the common pug is seldom a brilliant indi vidual, but if he happens to possess talents it may almost be accepted as an axiom that he is overbearing. Not unfrequently he is laborious, anxious to learn, but rarely can get further than an inconsequential sneer. The common pug has something like the ferocity of the bull-dog about it, with the vacillating nature of the pug in the canine species. The owner of the uncommon pug by no means hears so bad a character. There is something more intellectual about bun, although it is said by noseologists that he is a combination between a prizefighter and a drunken politician, and it would go against the grain to declare that "no one with an uncommon pug nose could be either a.sculptor, a poet, or a painter." Recent history has told lis very differently. The common Roman nose is held in little repute by those who are attempting to revive this unhappily neglected science of noseology. From the bridge it is rounded off to the tip. If not strongly marked after the fashion of the late Iron Duke, the mind is not of the highest order, it barely rises above mediocrity (the "man owner of the. nose, it should be understood), and bedizens itself on breast and fingers with gaudy jewels. The uncommon Roman nose is altogether of a different calibre. There is a something about it which must assert itself if culture has been added to the proboscis. It is a kind of nose which over comes all opposition, which has enabled men to conquer mortal achievements — " to mould the world to their will." Notably, to use Sloane' s words in our own century, Napoleon and Wellington were in the possession of such noses. " Napoleon knew the secrets of noseology, he knew what advantages there were in a good Roman nose. He selected his generals, and put them into places of trust and confidence by the length and height of their noses. The Duke of Wellington, one of the most illustrious of warriors in times ancient or modern, had a strikingly remark able Roman nose. By this nose he conquered Napoleon, and in that nose saved Britain from becoming a province of France. May she ever have such a nose in emergencies," and so on. The Grecian nose, straighter than the Roman, lacks the fiery energy. It is more characteristic of amiability and refinement. It indicates passion, too, but its real passion means not the sword or the spear, but Die lute of Apollo and the brush of Apelles. Byron fought and died for that nose, yet still the cup of Samian wine needs to be swallowed under protest. But it is a comfort to think that there are other noses not so bad as the pug, nor so valiant as the Roman, nor quite so refined as the Grecian, but possessing in a mixed degree the best qualities of all, guided by a wise discretion. This in noseology is called the Composite nose, and it is the sort that is generally met with in the streets. " It should run in a direct angle," we are told, from, the forehead, should be straight, regular, and of a good size. " Facts prove and circumstances confirm that this order is suited for attaining eminence in any of the arts and sciences, in the senate, or the bar, in commerce or in agriculture." The toper' s nose speaks for itself. It is not by any means comely, but there is a certain amount of jollity about it which even Sir Wilfrid Lawson could - scarcely fail to appreciate in presence of the owner. It bespeaks sack more than solid. Fiat noses are held in less esteem by noseologists than any other pattern. - It is argued that the flatness of the nose indicates flatness of mind, and that no nation of flat noses have ever made their way upon the earth. So far as what we understand by- civilisation, this idea cannot be satisfactorily disputed. It needs no ghost from the grave to tell that hooked nose behind which is set the keen eye belongs to the race of the Father of the Faithful — that race which, enduring much contumely and cruel persecution through long centuries, preserved through all its toils, trials, and shocking sufferings in accumu lating that powerful agency called lucre to such an amount that it may almost safely be said to rule the world. Sloane has a wonderful appreciation of this nose. He is ; more eloquent about . it than of any of the others, taking it from a pecuniary stand point. He asks where are lhe Pharaohs, 5 and then says, " That nose which toiled and 8 trained under the whip of a task-master still exists in all its hooked rotundity, a3 large and as well defined as ever, whilst the nasal organ of the oppressor has vanished, and no where exists save in the remains of its sculpture." The painter, when he first sees a baby eat whortleberry pie, begins to comprehend how limited is the power of his art. 