f E a t o t g t a r a . SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION AT WASLET'S.—The Attorney-General, in the absence of the Minister of Education through indisposition, received a deputation from Wasley's on Monday morning, April 9, consisting of Messrs. R. Oliver, A. Collipriest, R. Barr, L. Dingle, and Geo. Thomp son, who were introduced by Mr. Cavenagh, with the object of bringing under the notice of the Minister the scarcity of school accommodation at Wasley's. Several members of the deputation quoted statistics tending to show that a wide radius of populated country near Wasley's was altogether destitute of schools, and the Attorney- General was informed that a member of the deputation who had died very suddenly that morning had in his possession a numerouslysigned memorial from residents in the neighbourhood concerned, asking tor school accommodation. It was also stated that parents were complaining veiy much of the serious incon venience to which their children were subject owing {to 13ie enormous distance they had to travel daily to get their education. One member of the deputation said that the children of the neighbourhood " were running wild," and pictured the evil results which must ensue from the enforced laxity in their educational training. 1 he Attorney-General, in reply to the deputation, presented its members with forms issued by the Council of Education, in- which persons who were anxious for an increase of school cccommodation might insert the information upon which the Government and the Council would decide as to whether or no the accommodation asked for should be afforded. He promised the deputation that if the whole of the necessary information were supplied iu this way, its representations would not be lost sight of by the Government. SUDDEN DEATH.—Mr. Robt.Waite,afarmer,of Wasley's, who was on a visit to Adelaide as a member of a deputation to the Minister of Education, suddenly dropped down on the pavement in Gawler-place in a state of insensibility at about half-past 10 o'clock this (Monday) morning. Mr. Waite having previously been in the enjoyment of tolerably good health, the friends who were in his company at the time of the occurrence felt alarm at his sudden illness, and a cab having been procured as soon as possible, Mr. Waite was taken to the Hospital. There a medical examination was at once made, and it wa6 discovered, nrcch to the surprise of Mr. Waite's friends, that' life was extinct, the cause assigned by the Senior Surgeon of the Hospital being apoplexy^ Mr. Waite, who was nearly 60 years of age, leaves a widow and a family of eight or like children, for whom it is believed by the gentle- men who accompanied Mr. Waite to town this morning, the property of which he was possessed; will place in comfortable circumstances. SUSPICIOUS AFFAIR.—The Gawler Bunyip of April 6 publishes the following paragraph:—, ",This morning a grey horse and spring-cart were brought to the Police Station, having been found in Mr. Dwyer's paddock, about three miles from Gawler. A black and white dog followed the cart. In the cart were a bottle o£ port wine, some spirits, and beer. It looks rather suspici6us, as the cart has spots of blood on it, and the whip also.. The police have visted the neighbourhood, and searched the locality, but nothing np to the time of going to press has transpired to lead to a solution of the mysteiy." PAMONG COMBINATION.—We hear that there is a great probability that the combination between the various banking institutions iu Adelaide will shortly come to a close, the Union Sank having given notice some tim since of its intention to withdraw from the compact. If the disruption takes place the result will be a reduction on the rates of .discount hitherto charged. AIX-ENGLAND CEICKET MATCH.—The match between the All-England Eleven and the Twenty-two players selected from the Cricketing Association will be begun on Saturday next and continued on the following Monday and Tuesday. UNIYEESITY LECTOTIES.—The first of a course of lectures on "The Ancient Physical Geography and Geology of South Australia" will be delivered this evening by Professor Tate in the Institute. NOETH ADELAIDE YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY.— The eighteenth session will be opened this even ing. An entertainment will be given, and the programme will comprise music, recitations, and the dramatic performance of a scene from Tennyson's drama of " Harold." GLENELG.—A public meeting of the ratepayers of Glenelg has been called for this evening at the Pier Hotel, to consider the urgent necessity of preventing the destruction of property by the overflow of the Start, and for other purposes. FOOTBALL.—A general meeting of the members of the Woodville Football Club will be held this evening in Einderman's rooms. A meeting of the Victorian Club has also been called for this evening at the Scotch Thistle, Kermode-street, OMNIBUS ACCOMMODATION FOE GLENELG. The lateress of an operatic performance has occasionally resulted in visitors from Glenelg arriving at ihe railway station only in time to see the train at South-ierrace. In our advertising columns is a notice that a. special conveyance has been started to run from the Bay ta Town, which will reach ths theatre in time for the performance, anl return to Glenelg after it is over. READING JOB THE QUAEANTINSD IMMIGEANTS. —-We understand that Mr. E. Sawtell, "watchmaker, Rundle-street, will taie charge of books and magazines for the immigrants on board ths British Enterprise. ARSON AT TOXHILL'S CEEEK.—On Tuesday, i April 4, a fire broke out on the premises of Mi-. ? Wm. Rehder, of Tothill's Creek, during his > absence from home, by which a haystack con- • taining about 25 tons of hay, stabling, and ' chaffhouse were burned down, but by the great exertions of neighbours and assistants a stack within 10 feet was saved. An inquest was held before Mr. S. Dawson, J.P., on Friday, April 6, .t the residence of Mr. Rehder ; and Mr. Small, as agent, attended on behalf of the Liverpool, London, and Globe Insurance Company. The ' Jury found that the fire was wilfuliy caused by some person unknown. Our informant -states that this is the third fire that has occurred within a month under similar circumstances. VISITS OF INSPECTION by THE GOVERKOR.— His Excellency the Governor, accompaniedby his Aide-de-Camp, Captain Haggart, left Adelaide on Saturday by the 2 o'clock train for Port Adelaide for the purpose of inspecting the Sailors 1 Home. He was met on his arrival by the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. D. Bower, M.P.), Mr. J. Formby J.P., the Hon. Secretary of the Institution (Mr. A. S. Neill), the Secretary of the Marine Board (Mr. T. N. Stephens), and the Superintendent of the Sailors' Home (Mr. J. C. Addison). His Excellency was conducted through the building, and was gratified to learn that the Committee would soon be able to offer additional accommodation to the extent of 44 dormitories, as he had heard that there had been at times larger number of applicants for reception at the Home than the Institution could receive. Mr. Burge, the contractor for erecting the dormitories, will have finished the work in about a month's time, and the Home will then be equal to the accommodation of nearly 100 aeamen. Sir William, who evidently takes a warm interest in the welfare of sailors, expressed himself well pleased with the efforts of the Committee. He however made a suggestion, which will equally well apply to other institutions, that they should keep a visitors' boob. The party then proceeded to the Port Institute, and inspected the Reading-room and Library. A visit was also mode to the Port Club, which meets in the same buiiding. The Hon. Secretary of the Club (Mr. Todd) was present to i eceive His Excellency. On account of the suddenness of the notice His Excel- lency's presence at the Port on Saturday afternoon was unknown to the ma jority of the people, but the shipping was decorated with bunting honour of the occasion. The Governor returned by the half-past 5 train from the Port. SCALDED TO DEATH.—The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Lefevre's Peninsula Hotel on Saturday afternoon, April 7, on the body of Margaret Hughes, an elderly married woman, who died on the previous evening. Stephen Hughes, a stoker, husband of deceased, deposed that his wife was washing on the previous Wednesday at noon. She went to move a boiler containing clothes, and had just jot it off the fire when she slipped and fell aackwards, the contents of the boiler spilling over her cliest and back. Every assistance was at once rendered to deceased, who, however, lingered till Friday night and died about 9 o'clock. The cause of the fall was that the floor was a little lower than the brick-hearth. Robert Gething, M.D., stated that the functions of the back and stomach, as far as the loins, were destroyed, and death resulted from the shock to the system. He regarded the case as hopeless from the first, and was surprised that she had lived as long as she had. The Jury, without retiring, decided thit the cause of death was accidentaL ME. J. INGLEBY, M.P.—We are informed (states the Border Watch) that Mr. J. Ingleby, MP., has sent in his resignation to the Speaker as a member for this district. Business considerations, we believe, have induced him to take this step. The constituency generally will no doubt regret to lose Mr. Ingleby's services, more especially as there may be a difficulty in getting a suitable successor. PRACTICAL JOKING oa LAEEIKINISM;.—When the signal gun on the Semaphore Jetty was got out on Saturday afternoon for the purpose of firing the starting signal for the yacht race, it was discovered that it had been spiked by some senseless practical joker, and consequently ^tlie' vessels had to be started by word of mouth. ME. W. COHEIR JOHNSON.—MR.W. Corrie John- • son, an Evangelist, who is now on a visit to this colony, and who has prominently identified him-. self with evangelistic work in Victoria, preached y esterday (Sunday) morning at the Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street, to a large congregation. The preacher selected for a text the words, "And we are His witnesses of these things; and • JO is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hid given ; to them that obey him."—Acts v. 32. The sermon, which secured she deep and unwavering attention of the congregation, was somewhat brief, but was characterized with an earnestness which left very little doubt in the miud of any hearer of the interest and zeal with which Mr. Johnson is pursuing his good work. In the evening Sir. Johnson occupied the pulpit at the.' Baptist Church in Flinders-street, and chose for' the text of bis sermon verses 27 to 32 of the 4th'. chapter of Leviticus. Mr. Johnson will con-: duct a series of evangelical services every even-i ing but Saturday during this weak in thei Flinders-street Presbyterean Church. j ST. CLEMENT'S, EHFIELD.—On Wednesday J ipril 4, a very successful bazaar was held the Council Chamber, Gepp's Cross, the object being to raise a fund for purchasing a lib:\try for the Sunday-school of St. Clement's ChurcV For months past the ladies of the congregation and their friends have been busily engaged in. preparing articles for the occasion,and certainly their exertions were not in vain, for throughoutthe room specimens of excellent handicraft of all descriptions, too numerous to specify, were temptingly displayed. The different stalls -.vers; presided over by Mesdames Ragless, Walker, Constant, Haynes, and Newhon, and tlis MUsss Barker, Thompson, andFrinsdorf ;while Mr. Hill, with his usual zeal and activity, attended to the refreshment department. At 1 o'clock tha bazaar was opened, and a busy trade was continued with unabated interest from thit time until 9 o'clock, when almost the whole sto?k was disposed of. Visitors were present from Adelaide and tke surrounding district. The sum realized amounted to £27 8s. COTTAGE HOSPITALS.—" A New Chum" writes to us expressing his surprise at the number of deaths that have recently occurred in several of the townships in the North. He says he has •seen men brought into a township and placed in the hotel, where they are made as comfortable as possible; but at the same time he considers that an hotel is no place for a sick man, because what spark of life is left in him may be extinguished for the want of quiet and proper attendance. He then suggests that Government should provide locked money-boxes to be placed in the bar- rooms of every hotel throughout the colony, and the contents periodically withdrawn by a collector. By this means he thinks that money enough would be collected in a short time to build several cottage hospitals. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. — A tea, and public meeting in aid of St. Luke's Schoolroom was held in the Town Hall Exchange Room on Friday evening, April 6\. There was a large attendance at both meetings. A lengthy programme of songs, &c.;, was gone through, the Misses Vandepeer, Msssrs. Tidswell, Stanton, . nd Bishop being the most appreciated. The proceeds amount© i to about £15. ACCIDENT.—A boy named John Nicho^on w admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Su ida afternoon, April 8, his left ankle having been badly sprained in consequence of H plank fallia upen it from a stack of wood round which li w. s running at the Wcst- tcrrace mill. 