THE SEW TEACHER. The Wild acre school was universally thought.to be the uiost unmanageable in the State, though it was only a girl's school. When Miw iiiieviy kept it, Uiettustees voted it little short of Bedlam. The young ludies were down in the lower hall, chatting and tlirting with the young men who chanced to lounge that way, or dropping billet doux out of the window with a cord, and pulling up (he answers by the same means, and sweeten ing their .devotion to Virgil with Krench candy, ilf Miss.Kew fainted, as she had a nervous-trick of doing, half the school would rush to a neighbor's for the camphor bottle before Miss Brierly could look about her, and it was ten to one if any of them returned for the remainder uf the sesiou. " Miss Brierly," Georgia Jones would say, in the blandest tones of friendliness—" MUh Brierly,: tha braid is ripped oil" the bottom of your skirt half a yard." " Thank you, tU.vnk you," Miss Brierly would reply, in her hurried way, perfectly conscious of her slovenly appearance. But, on her. path to the blackboard, another piece of officiousness would give her the same dis agreeable information. " The braid's off your dress, Miss Brierly." "Yes, thanks ; I've just been toldand thus, in her progress about the school room, a dozen other mischievous girls, as if by preconcerted movement, would anouneethe same pleasant fact—a dimpled hand would be lifted from one seat and another to ask permission to fell her the braid was ripped off her dress—till Miss Brierly, out of all putiet'ice, would cry out: "The first young lady who speaks about the braid on my dress shall lose a hundred marks and her recess." " But it isn't on your dress, Miss Brierly; it's ripped off," would be the last shot from the most daring foe. Sometimes the theme was her hair, escaped from it's confining pins ;and as Miss Brieily wore a switch, and switches were I something to blush for in those days, it was naturally enough to vex the heart of a saint, j The girls of Wildacre were too full of 1 vinegar to reflect whether they would like to I stand in Miss Brierly's shoes ; and it. was j through their persistent mischief its much as her own incompetence that she lost her j situation, and Mr, Keed came to take her place. Even he found it no bed of roses—a I handsome young ft How, with an eye like j Man, greatly needed at Wildacre to | threaten or command, and the muscle of an I athlete. But Mr. Keed had an inherited habit of blushing, and the young ladies were not slow to take advantage of it. Perhaps the ringleader of theschool was Gorgie Jones, as pretty a little witch as ever worked mis chief ; she it was who first discovered his oue weakness, which, let us add, was not the j Result of bashfulness, but merely of a thin j skin. Perhaps there was a no less bashful i man in the world than Mr. Reed, and Miss ! Georgia was a match for iiitu there, and did her prettiest, to put him in cunfusion. She ! sketched his unmistakable caricature on the | blackboard, where she had been sent to work an algebraic equation, of which ho caught a glimpse, turning- his head inopportunely. Before her quick hand could erase it lie had stayed the movement by | his own. ! •' Is that your unknown quantity, Miss Jones ?" said he. " Please to finish your problem." Miss Georgie seized the crayon in an in stant of daring impudence, and ivr^te off against the caricature. " 'S[ his blush = " and then she paused. Sow the woman who hesiuues wo know is lost. " Can't you finish it 1" asked her teacher. "I thought you had committed your lesson. Give me the crayon if you please." "= Miss Junes her impertinence," he wrote. i-.rr.vp it, ,<ir. if yon please." said j Miss Ueorgie demurely. " You may takeyour seat, MissJones, and finish your lesson alter school." But presently the bell rang and the young lady whose business it was to answer the door brought up a note which ran thus : " Will Mr. Reed kindly dismiss Miss Georgie Jones at 10:30. and oblige her aunt." " .Miss Jones," said he, " you may be dis missed." •'I'." she asked, with an air of surprise. " I was to remain after school." " \onr aunt requests that you should be dismissed." " Oil, thanks." There wasa general titter as Miss Georgia decamped, caiting a triumphant look over her shoulder, for they were ail very well a.vire that the note was a fabrication of her own, carried out by violent tit of sneezing, and returned by uwans of a , small urchin she had bribed with a penny. Unfortunately for Miss Georgie, Mr. Read, j having an errand at the railway station after school, encountered her uuutjust stepping from the train. "I didn't know you were out of town," said he. " Have you been away long ]' *' Only for a week's shopping. How is Georgie doing, Mr. Keed I Do you think she will graduate this year! 1 am anxious because she will have to teach when she -_ets through." " Indeed ! 1 hope she may find pupi.'s ] docile as herself." j Tiie next time Miss Georgie brought htr j pencil and requested her teaciier to sharj-io j Jt, as she sometimes did, heasked, " Are you • Hoing to write me another note, M;ss ] Jones I" t "Another note she repeated. When did I ever write yon a note ?" " Can yon say you never did ?" " What, do you mean, Mr. Reed ?" " W hat does this mean !" Andheproduc. d the note in question. She gave a little laugh. " It means that you have not proved your problem yet. Ail's fair in love and war. they say." Mr. Ryed'a face did not reflect hur smile, 1 ami Georgie note J t no fact with astonish ment. "Do you think this finite honest?" he asked. " fcjonest i" she repeated, coloring. " I certainly do not think it is polite to call me i dishonest,'' said Miss Impertinence. " \ our riddles are too hard for m>\" '• Vou may take your sent, Mis3 Jones." Miss Jones took her seat obediently, and presently the bell rang in the lower hail. A stranger might not have discovered any connection between thu two facts ; but the Young ladies were allowed to answer the bell by turns, ami it so happened that it was Miss Georgie'a week to perforin that ; pleasant ollice. She rose quickly to the performance of her duty. "Compose your j self, Miss Jones," said .Mr. Reed. "Miss Sampson, if you will take charge of the school 1 will answer the bell myself.'' Thore was a general titter, led by the disgraced Georgie, as lie suspected, for when hereached the lower hull nobody was to be seen, not so much as n naughty urchin scampering down the green, or peering from behind an elm. iJe went quietly up-stairs bill said nothing. The next afternoon the bell rang agaim " You may go down, Miss Georgie," he said. Miss Georgie did as she was bidden, for a wonder, and returning after a reasonable time, remarked that Miss Kow was wanted. Miss Kew was on her feet before the words were well out of Georgia's month. "Sit down, if you please, Miss Kew," said Mr. Heed. "1 will go down myself and see your friend : if it i3 anything urgent you shall follow." Mr.Reed accordingly descen aed ; nobody was there. " 1'oumay remain after school, Miss Jones," he said, when he returned ; and in the meantime 1 will, to prevent any interruptions from visitors, invite you to take this seat, which, 1 think, is more than arm's-length from the bell wire." Miss Junes had sat where she could watch her chance, touch the bell string and take an air ing followed by her favorite chum. '■ It must be confessed that after the lust lingering girl had disappeared and left Mr. Reed alone with Georgie in tlieechoing school room, with its panelling of blackboard and chalk marks, as if it hail gone into half mourning, that he felt just a little nervous and uneasy. It was rather nngallant to asl; her to come to him, it was equally undignitied to go to her • however, lie went presently, and sat down in the seat just in front of her, facing and leaning one arm upon her desk. " Miss Georgia," lie began, "I am dis appointed in you." " In me!" looking up archly. " I hadn't promised anything that I'm aware. " "I wishyou would be serious, Miss Jones," he pursued. 1 J assure you this seems to me a mutter ot too much importance to admit of trifling. I could not believe that von would stoop to such devices and deceits. Don't you see how you wound, how you disappoint me? How hard it goes with any one who has formed an ideal, and—" ho patuod in his elo quence ; Miss Jones was regarding him with au uir of surprise ; he blushed and stumbled in his speecii, " and—and I don'tknow what I was about to say ; however, i hope you are sorry, Miss Georgie?'' " I inn dreadfully sorry to miss my tea ; we were to have hot muffins. Aren't you hungry, Mr. Reed?" '• lrou don't mean to say that yon are not sorry!" he flashed. "It cannot be possible that you have bo little regard for truth, you in whom I have believed, with whom 1 have trusted everything and anything, you whom L love—;" he paused again, confounded bv his own words, which seemed to have slipped from Ilia lips unbidden. Mr.'Reed did you keep me after scho ,t0 ^ il proposal!" she asked, risiu quite angrily. " It is something quite un usual."- .. ■ '/ did : not. intend it, believe me, Miss Joues. Pardon me ; but, out of the fulness of the heart the month speaketh ; 1 must have been thinking aloud. If yon have found out my secret, 1 daresay you are none the happier ; for it." ; " Isuppose I may be dismissed if yon have nothing.more to say." There were tears of aiiger or of something standing in htr eyia. "You may be dismissed. 1 have said too "J "ch; you have beeuterribly non-comuiitt J." He held out his hand, but she did not choose to,see it, or the dusk prevented. The stars were coming outin the evening sky, scenta of wild rose and sweet fern were blowing in through the open windows, and a bell was tolling softly in some ri-muto church tower. " Shall I walk home with you, Miss Jones?" he asked as lie locked the achoolhouse dour; ' you have quite a walkover a luudy road." " VW might have thought of_ that earlier. Iam not- afraid, thauk you. X know every rock between here and thefarm/'sheansweied, as he held the gate open for her to pass. Mr. Reed's emotions were not of an enviable nature as he walked home alone that evening; he had proposed to that little witch whom he' found a impossible to hate, and she had re buked him. A pretty affair between teacher and pupil, verily! How pleasant it would be to open school next day, with each young lady ready to touch his wound with the scalpel of her ridicule, and Miss Georgie more audacious than ever. Hut Miss Georgie did not present herself, and the mission of the others seemeii to proceed lamely without her. Mr. Reed thanked Heaven that it was a half holiday, and instead of going homo to dinner like a sensible man—though what loYcreveris sen sible, for the matter of that—he struck out for the woods and the river, a long tramp in the burning sun, and being exhausted on his walk homeward, lie threw himself down in the shade of some wild blossoming shrubs and fell fast asleep. Hu was awakened by tlio sound of voices. Were leaves talking? Was tlio wind syllabling familiar words? " Georgie had a headacho this morning when 1 called her ; lectures don't agree with her digestion." All at once he sat upright. It was Miss Kew who was speaking, and he cou'.d see iier and half a dozen others through the opening among the boughs, weaving oak leaves and gossiping idly. '"Poor Mr. Reed looked like a ghost this inorniiig ; a broken reed, indeed! I guess he found that Ge-i _;iu belonged to a stiff-necked generation." " I wonder what they talked about. Do you suppose she promised better behavior ?" '•Maybe she promised for better or worse." "Pshaw!" put in Miss Kew; " 1 llsked I saj'' anything tender, and shtf hftid, I ' Tender ! is a bear tender?' " " lie hugs." "I vo told her that he was dead in love many a time," continued she, "and meant to many her some day, with all her imperfec tions on her head." " I daresay she wouldn't say no." " Indeed, you needn't dare to say any thing of the sort. Georgie Jones is above marrying a poor pedagogue." _ " She s poor herself. Her uncle's only a tanner, and she's got to teach." But a beauty like Geurgie doesn't need to jump out of the frying pan into the fire VVhat sort of a match would .Mr. Roed be r' w A lucifor, I guess." Surely listeners never hear any good of themselves So thought Mr. Reed as he picked up bis hat and strolled quietly away screened by the friendly leaves. jETo tV.lt as miserable as a man of twenty-nine is capable of feeling who has been guilty of nothin.' but an urror of judgment. His term would end in a tortnight, however, arid then ho would throw up his situation and leave Wildacre for ever. Hu walked on and on in an un natural mood, taking any route that invited trespassing over cornfields," climbing stone walls, crossing lazy streams till at once the skv seemed to change to inky blackness, shot across with blinding flashes of light; an Atlas weight seemed pressing upon his brain i the^ sound of roaring cataracts was in hi3 ear* i unconsciousness followed. ' There was a voting girl rocking and leiviiji'in the farm house near, who, roused from some absorbing reflection of her own by the ap proaching feet and the tremor of anxious voice?, moved leisurely to the doorivay and encountered the hired men brin-iii"' in burden. " ° "It's a sunstroke, I reckon," said „ne ' Don t you be scared, Miss Georgie; Hain't none ot your folks." Gli, oh, oh cried Georgie, "Call Aunt Sue ; cail Uncle True. Run for the doctor, Jake—nin for your life. Oh, oh' Is a sunstroke very dangerous ? Can I bathe his poor head, or do bomething ? Poor fel low ! It'll break somebody's lieart. Whv it J?-,1'n"'th !JBasP—"" is Mr. Re'e'd ! Go both of you, all of you-go for tho doctor I ivil tako care of him. Mr. Reed-dear Mr. Reed, speak to me ; look at me. I am your own Georgie, and I am so Borry—so sorry, and I will never, never, never vei i vou any more if you will just say 'I lOVu you again, just once again !" and the ten der words somehow reached the half conscious I ear, and ho moved his lips feebly, whisper ing, halt audibly, " Love—1 lovo you ! I love you !" And so it happened that Mr. Reed did not resign his positiou at Wildacre, though the trustaes were obliged to fiud a substitute for many a w*ek while lit? was recovering from the sunstroke, and while he made a wedding tour. And so it happened that the Wildacre school became tho most. orderly in the country, bocause he married the ring leader. Ax Arizoxa. Bonanza.—The Silver King Mine, located on the western slope of the Pinal ranges about 30 miles from Florence, is a private mine, and is, therefore, little known to the public, though it is probably one of the richest minusaverdiscovered oil the coast. Tho proprietors have been steadily working it for the past, twelve months and have shipped in every month of the present year one or more parcels of selected or of the value of 1000 dob. to '2000 dols. per ton to works in Mission-street, near Fremont, where it has been ground and subsequently sold by private tender, the owners of the Sulby .Smelting Works having being considerable purchasers. There is now on the way from tiie mine to San Francisco 40 tons of ore which assays from 1250 dols. to 2500 dols. per ton, and 1 ton of nuggets which it is estimated will return 1-4,000 tlols. : -'7 tons of this ore is on the steamer route from Fort Yuma to San Francisco. Tln re is on the dumps at the mine about 3000 tons of third class ore, estimated to be worth dols. 350 per ton. The ore hithertooxtraeted has been chieily taken from between the 43 feet level and surface, and in both stopes and drifts the showing of ore is magnificent. Work is now being pushed on in the 100 ft. lorel, where the showing is equal to the best parts of the np^er levels. There are about 40 men employed on the mine. The fortunate owners of this splendid property are Messrs. Reav and Mason. The superintendent is Mr. Mason, brother of the owner of that name. The leiige is located for several miles north and south of the Silver Kint;. Within tho past mwuth the Sliver Kin-i South Mining Company, which has about 4000 ft. on the southern extension, have started up work under the superintendence of Mr. M. L. Power ; their shaft is now down about 45 ft., and they are in hourly anticipa tion of cutting the ledge. A new discovery lias just been reported from about four miles south of the Silver King, where 1000 Jols. ore is being extracted from what is believed to be the continuation of the Silver King ledge. 