ak^IÖW. (From RnglUb* American, ant! otber Periodic FOOTPRIKT8 IN THE SJNTOW\ BY DOHA RUSSELL. Author of" The Miner's Oath," " The Vicar's Governess," " Annabel's Rival" tye, tye. CHAP run XIX.-IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING. ' Tnat wasn't bid, was it?' he said -with cool B" loftction at his oun audacity, as they reached Mr- O'ohee's dour. "The man in blue relieves no doubt at tin« moment, that we we'e talking of some dear little Tommy or Johnny, sent to cheer our earthly pilgnniage, with Ins enlivening screams " Elizabeth did not speak She was atrnid and Bshamed, and silentlj led the way upstairs to the drawing room , thu door having been opened b\ a dreadful old cnar-woinnn, with a huge mit} black bonnet on bei head, Mrs OShee having been jet i nable to meet with a domestic to suit he attu Mun'* (leplllUltt 1 This 13 a rice norn" said Mr Wilmot, calmlj Buivejmg Llizibeth'a titling- ioom, after he had ertered it ' It looks so porhtpa, ' answered Elisabeth, "bat it is not Ihoj are most untidy people who have tre hou«e " Who aie thej ?' asked Mr Wilmot. 'TlulindlaJj sajs aer huabaniisi clergyman, but-" " Of course he ia not However that is easilj found out Wh it is h s name ° ' The Rev Michael OShee' " The RLV Mich iel O sliee ' wrote Mr Wilmot in his pocket bjok I shall look the reverend gentle- man up wLon I get to mj looms I wonder it this s nae Mi bael belongs to the angelic host, or is of the diagon's ere«, that the first Micheal is supposed to have kicked out of heaven p" " I think at all events that thej aro very strange people " " There aie i good man\ strange people in this neighbouihood. But -vlmt about this advertise ment* I piesume ^ou don't wuh anjoue to win the piomised loward p" " ho, no, certainlj not " ' 1ft tb<re is the greatest possible danger of eomeoi e doing so, it jou f,o out ditssed as jon aie into the streets. We may have check-mated one policeman but how do we know that the Ijnx-ejes of another ni iv not be cist upon you to moirow ?" " What can I do ? ' said Elizabeth weanlj, sitting down, and covering her face with h"r hand " I would say let mo go and buj j ou some golden dye of the chemist at the cornei of the stree ,'only I cannot make up my mina ti ask you to destroy the lovely hue of jour hair But I tell j ou whit j ou can do-chungo jour die=s, and wear youl hair dif ierentlj And, best of all, don't go out for the next week or so ' "But I must- I must seek employment " " Pardon me-don't think me iude, but can I lend you ai y mouej a I shall do so with the gieatest TJOs»ible plea°urc " " No, no," said Elizubath, starting up. " I have enough, quite enough-but I thank you." " Pray don't. I only meant that having left your home, ) ou uiight not foivaee that you would require as much as no doubt you will, if you are seeking employment fit for a lady in this busy wilderness. Do not misunderstand me-I do not mean anything rude, but I mean can I do anything for you-cun I help you in any way r"' "I faur not,"said Elizabeth sadly,""bat I thank you for your kindness." "Then I shall tako my leave," said Mr. Wilmot rising, for having pained his end, and obtained an entrance into Elizabeth's rooms, he was too acuta to pay a long viiit ti.ere. " Take my advice," he went on, "and dou'c ¡,'O.put for a day or tvo at least, and if I hear of any more inquiries I shall let you know," And then, with chaiacterit-tic coolness, hu bowed and took his departure, leaving Elizabeth a prey to the most cruel anxiety. Ercm her melancholy reflections, however,she was speedily arousßd by a vis-it from her landlady, . " Sure your Iriend is a- foino tall man, mo dear," said ilrs O'Shee, having int.-uded herself into the room, on the pretext ot beeiug Elizabeth's fire were good. "He remoinds me of nie own brother now -Capt. Fard of the Dublin Militia. Handsome Ja jk the gurls used to c ill bim iu mo yuuug days, and they were dying in hundreds for luve ii him, I can tell yn !" " Indeed I" said Elizabeth, " And nadu't he a woilo of his own the sly fallow all the time tool" laughed ii.s. O'Shee. "Bul he was the living image ot the gintlenian that's just leit ya; for 1 said to Mr. O'Shee as he passed the dining-room windows, ' sure tLere's Jack's ghost, if iver a ghos>l was in a liviug body I' " " He is almost a sti anger to me," said Elizabeth coldly. " Well thin, I hope he won't remain one, for young people want amu=ing, and I think ye're but dull ye'rself at times, me dear?" " I am in London on very serious business," an- swered Elizabeth. "Whoy not consult Mr. O'Shee thin? Though I say it meself who shouldn't, he's a clever man, though not so sharp ns his neighbours. But for a trifling consideration he'll wind up ye'r affairs for ye in no time, so that ye'il not know them again y6'self when ye see them." Elizabeth could not halp laughing at this, and at the grotesque little figure before her. " And if it's a little dinner ye're wanting to enter- tain this gintleman with at onytime now, ye've nothing to do, but to give me the money, and I'll git it for ye. Ye've not a bad appetite ye'rself me dear, ae I said to Mr. O'Shee when j e'r dinner came . down yesterday-but I loike to see that-it's a good . sign when the mate dooen't git stile in the house." In Mrs. O'Shee's there certainly did not seem any fear of such au accident. Elizabeth WAS amtized when her week's bill came up at the quantity of butcher's »neat she appeared to have consumed. A leg of mutton had totally disappeared after being served up or.ce, for " a tiresome little curly black . dos," Mrs. O'Shee declared bad snatched it out of the pantry window, before she could turn herself round. Many visits tho little curly dog had appar- ently paid to the pantry window since ¡ and it waa only the shrinking dread of going again among utter strangers, and the idea that it would only be for a short time, that induced Elizabeth to put up with the in'.eEse discomforts of Mrs, O'Shee's apart- ments. What annoyed her moat was the constant intrusion into her rooms by this prj'ing Irishwoman. She always seemed to be watching everything, and there was an uneasy shifty look in her glance that was not very comfortable to eucounter. The Rev. Michael Jilizibeth never beheld, but on every occasion Mrs. O'shea appealed to his name. He was the lay figure on winch she hung her various icena. It was "_sure as Mr. O'Shee was just saying -" OT " me husbaiid now thinks" this or that. Mr. O'Shee was good enough to prophesy then that ye're friend the foina tall gintleman, the living image of me brother Jack be is, would soon be back, an i Elizabeth's annoyance, therefore, wns intense when on the following afternoon, just ai the early winter evening was gathering in, Mrs. O'Shee her- self threw open the drawing-room door, and with a delighted air announced Mr. Wilmot. " Don't frown on me so dreadfully, please," said that gentleman, advancing towards Elizabeth, who waa sitting moodily brooding at the fire, and whose expression when she saw him could not have been vary gratifying to her visitor. " I would not have come so soon, ualesB I had something to tell you." " What is .it ?" said Elizabeth, rising, and with something offner old grand manner 'pointing to a chair. " -' ^ ' '?It's been horribly cold to-day, hasn't it?" said Mr. Wilmot smiling. " Yes," answered Elizabeth, wondering if be had come to discute the weather. "I am a kind of willung barometer," went on Mr. Wilmot, " every change of atmosphere affects me. Pardon me," he added, and he suddenly rose and opened the room door, and discovered as he did eo Mrs. O'Shee kneeling outside with her ear to the keyhole ! For a moment the convicted listener was speech- less j Mr. Wilmot looking down upon her with a grim smile, but the next her comical assurance re- turned. "Sure I'd just popped down on me knees and was saying my prayers,'' said Mrs. O'Shee, " as well as I moight, seeing its too soon to light the gas, and begin any useful employment" " Prrtj' allow me to assist j-ou to rise, madam," said Mr, Wilmot, " and conduct you to some more con- venient spot to conclude your devotions." " Ah nnw, ye're very obliging, sir," replied Mrs. O'-hie, skipping to her teet with the assistance of the band that Mr. Wilmot extended to her. " Sure as I told my young friend here ye're the livinp image of me dear brother-1'» tall, foine, handsome in in he waB. just loike'ye'rself, and all the ladies iu luve with bim^wliereqver he went." " [ have not his happy experience then, madam,' s' id Mr. Wilmot gravely. "Ah its just shy ye are on ye're own merits," answered the wie ched little woman, simpering and giggling. " A fair lady ye know, not far from us at this minit, thinks so too I'll be bound." .. Perhaps I may be shy," replied Mr. Wilmot, with unmoved couutenance, . but pray do not allow me to interrupt your twilight devotions any longer. 1 shall have muoh pleasure in seeing you go down stairs." "And so I shall, thin," said Mrs. O'Shee, "Me poor husband, indeed, will be wondering what's detaining me here," and with a little nod tha un- abashed lady disappeared. *? After all," sai-i Mr. Wilmot shutting the door, and returning to the spot whyre Eliz iboth was standing, "the huinin countenance is H sad tale-teller Mrs. O'Shee opened the door for me, and 1 instantly detected that she would listen to our conversation." " It is disgraceful," answered Elizabeth. "It would have been annoying certainly if she had overhead what I came to say," went on Mr. Wilmot, "for I regret to tell you that I bring bad news,'' 