Hamilton" as?ize"coue.t. " CIVIL SIDE. Tuaday. lettOcRSW. (Before Bk llouor CMer<l«tice Stawell.) ' Thomat Milan- v. Frederick Afarafc-Thls » an ecdon lor impiu between two landholders wbonewetMeendiotoed. nod It was alleged that, »t Tnrfo'mdmeflutnaiebeiiifraOtb February last, the dent4Md£>uarSoeiJo be broken down. , whereby the sbeep of llr. Harsh were continually grazing upon nr. MlUearTS grass, gnu inn »oe" »' both parties were constantly fioied together. Mr. Hood and Mr. I'nreeiflnemicltd by Mr. Samuel, . appeared for the pUlo'lff. and Mr. Moleswortb. lnslnictrd by Mr. Freaswell. for the defence. Mr 1'urvea. In opening the case, stated thaton twenty-eight oecaelous 370 of Harsh s sbeep had trwDUwdiiii M ground ; on .twenty oeeustous 105 ibert' bad tresptassd,' tod -once5 48 ebeep had trrapused, she fenera being broken iown each Xomia MUle&r;, sworn : Was proprietor of the Green vale estate; delendaut owned about -1340. acres of land on the boundary rprodueed plgfitf the eround ; the sheep belongiug-rto witness were- grazed in p&ddcpka; to the extent of i£ acres for each Sheep, and at this Hxie there Would be plenty of grass tor them. Owing to the destruction. «T crass by defendant sheep, and the knocking about of the anlmslsfcattsel byc the repealed draft- iug when defendant hheepob mixed wtth them, witness was compiled to remove the ffhefepTrom the paddocks. By comparison with other abeep of exactly similar quality whose pasturage was un- disiuroed, 087 abeep belonging to witness in m paddock ol 1000 scree interfered with by defen dant's trespass, were greatly deteriorated. " The frrantg was worth aboot 3s 6d an acre. Was com- pelled to employ an extra man at 14s per week, with rations, horse, and horse- feed, to act as boun dary-rider, in consequence of the acts o! defendant The total coat of this man dating six months over which the trespass extended was £67 18s. In addi tion to this, witness was pat to £29 expense for extra work performed by his overseer. Croae-examined by Mr. Molesworth: Messrs. Austin and r Fitzgerald were/neighbours of witness, ; and witness was ' not aware of their sheep having trespassed ; the fences were secure. Was sot aware that aheep belongiog to witness had often been brought back from grazing on MarahV laud aud restored to witness without any eljtim for compensation. It was true that some timber posts were eighteen feet apart, bnt there were six wires Considered this a eale, sheep-proof fence; remembered defendant on one occasion going on „ bis bands aod knees and rolling through the fence ' to siiow it wan not sbeep-prooC; tbis could be done with any wire fence, if a man pur bis footoo the lower wires, and forced hie body through. Under the Impounding Act. witness recovered, only a farthing a bead trespass when seeking damages from defendant 'before the Ararat Bench. This was the rate for trespass on unfenoed land, but the reason witness did not recover the higher rate wss that he only eoophrto recover a farthing per bead, being satisfied with showing Jiareh that he was iu the wrong. Never attempted to negoeiate with Marsh for the purchase ol his land. Joseph Langmore. overseer to Mr.MiUear, proved ' continuous acts of trespass on the part of defen dant. The first act he took note of was on the 20th of February, when 20 of Hit. Marsh's sheep were boxed with Mr. MillearX A gateway fn the fence bad bem securely wired up with six wires. and when witness nv uie puce, me wires were cut op into sin-ill pieces about a foot in length. It was No. e wire. Spoke to Marvb about it, and he «aid, "You are only waiting time here, my sheep will be tu again." Witness, said, "So, they won't, for the repairs' will keep them out," He njoioed, "They will teu tewnUrrow agshi-mine we very carious sheep." Witness was putliug on a waggon ttie balance of w 1re employed in mending rite fence, when Harsh said : "Yon had better leaveJhat wire behind, as you frill want it again."- 6e tnrited"witues6 to dinnw, as be said it better -than wasting -bis -time. On the 23rd February', end also on the 26th, the wires were again cot into small pieces, and repaired each time. The witness then proved trespasses on the 1st. -2nd. 4th. and fctb March, entry beingenadext the same plae."whlcb' "wastach time mended%p with wire and hurdles. The sheep were restored by wftues to Albert Marsh, a relative and empioyi of Frederick Mareli. Marsh could see the gap in the fence from bin own house, and os ooe'occasion When witness drafted out his ebeep and returned them, be said. "All right; it Is a very neighbourly act to return tfaem." In consequence of tiie tres passes, witness b«d to remove Mr. Milk-art sbeep lrooi the luuO-acre paddock. Other trespasses in Jooe_aod July were,. proved. .On one oocasion. Marsh said: "ft Js lucky ypn; were notbotU»t; sight, a my boy tooqeh he saw a ghost when you were pdUogbbbat -fence." -''Subsequently, Marsh said: "Your fences are bad; I can't keep tbera out." Witness replied, "I have ridden- round, aud can't see that they are bad." Marsh said, " I wouder bfewHrfyget in.'" JTittieus 3enni Derated all the trespasses 4i«m bis book. rXcrfh replied. "That is a'oifefelM bookof butssrit would take a book-keeper to keep It going." Was proceedisgtoread over tbetrespanesrwhen Manhi i mildly suggested that .Mr. Miilear should pat a fence-round trie '7bcmcfdtiry. like the sfx-footgafra- : ulsed iron fence which be had roond his garden. Further, he said. " Why don't yon boss the sheep, and keep them oat? Give me your leggings and spurs, aud let me go down that way, meaning the ; eiation), and act as boss there, wbUeypo eomenere and act boas for me. and toe If yotrcan "keeptbfeJ sheep oat." Subsequently. Marsh said that if he were in witness's place, be would never >ee a few Strange sheep in the paddock, and It was all bis witness's) fault that he Marsh) had broken down tboe gates. iTbe fence was a- alx-wlre-one, 4lt«ln high. posts 10ft apart, in consequence of Marsh's conduct, witness had «mlinuaUyto be on that side of the station. Farther, mm was especially- cm- ployed to watch it ; aud owing to the constant drafriug necessitated, Mr. Miliear'a sheep were in jured. There were 87 dherp;in that paddock, which had fallen off in value-to the extent of fully €d per head. These sheep had to be depastured on other laud, thus over-crowdlng. Br Mr. Molesworth : The land could cany, beep aodadoartertotheuere. Ooce, Jtarah had com plained, to witness thai Miliear'a aheep had tres passed on hU land. Marsh bad been summoned for breaking a gate, but the case was dismissed by the WickUffe bench on the 28th March. Once, when wirness iook back come trespassing sheep to Marsh the latter 6&id.; "This Is acting in a neigh bourly ""wSyt'lt" lathe way T " often -act toyoB but, added the witness, bis "often "came so seldom. Had orf one occasion foood h single aheep, belong. im> to a man named Carter, in the 1000-acre pad dock, t Hubert Fasgbiirn.' boundary-rider for Mr. Miilear. gave evidence to the effect that bi6 doty was to st- tend to the looo-acre paddock. Daring March, he saw Marsh pull down one of Mr. Ml ilear's gates, saying, "If you want. work,; I will give it you." Witness had to ride alter him to see that he dosed the xates, as he was in the habit ol leaving them , open, and thus the sbeep got boxed.. Witness proved a nu iriber oTjtreepaases of sheep between the 3 st March and 28th July. Marsh persisted in con sidering he had as much right to Mr. Miliear's land ae be (Mr. Miilear)|i»d. Repeatedly, Marsh's sbeep were returned tp -film, but yon the very next day they were again' found trespassing. On the 28th July, witness was waiting near the boundary, to See .that Marsh did not break down the fence. Marsh told him to go away; and then he wonld break down the fence ; and said, " You bring your horse and a good feed, also yourtooli ; don't be disapp«iiuted.it will take you a whole day to mend the fence." Witness watched .till late at night ; when next be went, he found a great deal of fencing and gare torokt-n down. Be -effected Abe repairs asj>tt as be could. Marsh told him that he (Marsh): gave employment to Mr. Wilt-art traUock-drivers. and if lie (Mareli) was not there, witness's services would not be required. Ht'IMr ' Xlulessrorth: Believed the sate Harsh pulled down when be said "If yon want work I wiii give it you." was on -an enclosed road. James Oar'ol). another boundary rider, gave cor- roboratiyejeridi npe. i . JosiaU Austin said that about the end of Jiunary be bad a conversation jwich Marsh - in Geetong. Marsh asked him to' drabe the boundaries of Hr. Mill grs and his (witoees's) runs. Witness 'de scribed it asheat be coufd.'npoh Which' Marsh, 'npv parently tbiokiagall his sheep were on Mr. Auetlu's Uno.sid, -'Ou.xhat won'x do .Imost not put.all oftlim on your Jand; I. most pat. eome on Mr. Hiilcar's." 3 MK-Molepwprth caltefl lip wttnesees. Mr. Purees then addressed the jury for plaintiff The acts of Manrti.'be said, werethooeof a lonatic. BiB learned friend. Mr. Molesworth, bad endea voured. by -his system of cross-examination, to show that it was a case of squatter against the poor selector, but It was oothlqg of the kind. The evidence eleariy went to prove that Mr. Miilear bad acted with the utmost leniency. The trespasses that bad been committed by Marsh were unpa ralleled in the colony, and after vainly floloeevery - thing to gain peace. Mr. Miilear had to eome there to »ue for it at the ban da of the jary. He bad never asfcedifor tbe substantial money damages to which he was fairly entitled.' Time after time be bad sent Marsh's sheep back, never asking for one penny, land lie (Mr.- Puree) could aot Imagine any- Ihio" more irritable ormore calculated to lead to acts of violence than Marsh's conduct, which was characterised fiendish mallghfty/as witness the manner ih-whirh Mr. Miliear's wires were cut into small pieces by him. Be did not seek to swell the damages unduly, bnt , would ask tbe jury to give snah asamaa wonld show.Mr. Harsh that be most not do euch things again.- -1/et them measure out thtriF core to Marsh as be bad measured bis out to Mri MUlear— he .bad been i liberal wlth-hie ties- state of things existed between the taTO -neigh bours, and said that MiUear'a aben bad often tree- paBBed on hlsdientVi land. but Marsb bad always returned them, hhHoever summoned Miilear to toe police cttnrCdeaofhoded trespass, or jfcept a record of "these trespasses In bis iary. JteMdea. 2bat would not be a, defence. Nodoubt tbe ill-will shown by -Mflledr had caused ill-will ob be part of Marsh, bpt .there was nothing that would jostfly vindieQcejfl«s>keE8-T Again, with respect tcthe gate polled down by Marsh, that' was an dhbtijS- bsurlyACtbutforXbla MilLear was notentVled to drai'.'asWe gate bad been erected: by Aim Kir. bis own convenience on .a : public road. He, bow- saw the eood feeling between tbe two neighboira.' t»t»dopQf jbflr.Dfiniea.op. .In doing so he expressM tn opinion that some 'of -the ires pas lea' afeSftlroIfiiid Mlodoi to- tbe «tber.«lem£ta Ig the case in addition to the actus! trespass. After consnlting for about quarter of hoar, the sod Hr. WfMlz»Mjls,lBCMdj3S|jHreCBM»tijdi,for boondwy-cMe. nsmywetHpof uod jmx road Dama6ts wertdaameflvb file extent of £SC0. oztttesSjor Stemher, stzftjog/rtrtn Hihwiitb- Goywvmeat pha. . , oopBi>ed'for»"byithe;trpe'ti?i»®0ti9re noonA that the quantily eSa'liMwfen. JSie old line dff«»ce ' and tbeaew to be ,3a0r.'9p, 'thedlp oTlaad 1 being on Mr. S&ernnVmde; brhexe6ce.h "Med . jBea Mr.tBril'Priown crautw'Bissnrtldldobt &Sftg;:&?s&SQ8;£- chtin's. whereu his was 55 chains 8 Unkh7( .Sis Sonorc good bid times.' wbdi they dropped hwrtt? Lujiler.) Donly, dfflisvd as regarded the4engtb. - i A «otoidmaUed»ti2opr'dl«spti hereeDSOl. #»e a«p ; ' irarf: ' »M«KTPg. M it did tiot igree -wittoedsi plusqgr«phleplsns re- odnd fida dii buds dcpaitmestliattemonr- fileitKBH&m.; JzmSBelf'JflslneAniHea. BUtefSa he hid bought. his lud In lw?, and fesced to bis northern bound try in the same year. Began at tbe north -ea»t comer or allotment i. and followed it bp-ne desorlbed by rneciona witueaa. Cameron gaze him notice to do>ia -jgortIon of the feoclog. and pnt a post op no the line, as also two or throe panels of fencing. This was to ehow the line. The post apparently stood In on witness's ground, neKfthelcss be-feued np to It. TheJlne wis . ncrar disputed, HMtheygd Ilnepdbsfersdwithhy. Mr.-Cameron. nata jotfthls ydsHhsa£smeron . desired pltlnUff to do his half of the fencing .between Noa jt and 'S.' Wltaefcf "aatd Cameron sh<wld dotooHJ t,ps|it Jpeaa, had done moat of the other aflotmentsTnCameron asked him coxlear tbe line, which was done as straight as poe- ' Bible, a 'm.n sent by Cameron assisting. Hr. Cameron then said be would get a soraeyor to run amndeht line, and got Hr. HilL This gentleman took his stsrtlw, point from the side oftbe posts. Instead dflrom the centre at'the top, hot worked the llneto .etoee to the hid murrey that he said it wonld npt be worth altering. A lew days after, however, Hr. Cameron got Hie same man to enNNfflicss popr one ;tpat he would jruo it where he ilkedand treat me like a Bog.V He eaiathat-lhe Borough of Hamntoh tried It on with him. that he bad pnt them to _£KW or £600 of expenses, and If I wanted law. he iSMddglmmeTneaBh of tL->--Care £3 ssan acne for fhetjamllilpj'.l tjnfjronliT not take £10 an acre for it now. There might hare been a few decayed poets In the fence, bnt these witness had offered to replace. Cameron had sent witness an account for £34 158 for the new fence, but witness thonght .be .should. hsTe been satisfied if witness had allowed him toilake tbe land. He had taken gnmo lattrl hpftisa hnf than fsad — -» s. la.. <» rather than go to law. For the Mence, Mr. JIoles worth went Into a lengthy technical description or tbe boundaries, and called - - " Feu ion IV. Bill, surveyor, who deposed that be bad been employed by Mr. Cameron to survey tbe land in dinpute. On running a line of tbe length . given In tbe Crown grant, it came oat at tbe point where tbe new fence was. - Assisted in making the plan produced. -Tfae-ouly excess was fiveJinkB in tbe measurement of one of the lines. Surveyed tbe quantity, and found Mr. Bell bad about an acre and a quarter more land than was described in bis grant. e By His Honor: Did not reckon op the quantity of Cameron's land. W. a. Zeal, surveyor, proved running the lines. There was a mistake in tbe plan originally, and be did not start from the blackwood tree marked No. -5. ' The numbers on the plan appeared to have been altered. The eastern boundary was exactly cor rect. On the southern boundary tbe plaintiff had upwards of 20 links in excess ol the quantity men tioned in tbe grant. On the western boundary plaintiff bad 26 links in excess. Another boundary showed five lioks in excess. If tbe line wss shifted to the point where Bell said It ought to tie, there would be 129 links In 'excess upon one of the boundaries. i>ouiid Cameron, the defendant. Bworn: Produ ced tbe Crown grants of -allotments i and 2. In December, 1S70, banded notice to Be! to complete the fencing. Having waited six or eiybt months, -witness employed a fencer to do the work, as Bell did not get it done. Offered to pay half tbe cost of getting a surveyor, aod Bell agreed to pay tbe other half. . As Bell couldn't gel a surveyor be told Hrnocs rn<n>r f1h» anil XrilnpBS ri/it Up Mill The learned counael on both- sides having ad dressed thejuiy. Bis HonOr said there were two questions to con- cider. One was, where does tbe uorutern boundary of allotment four fall? and the other was the right of possession involved in the occupancy ol the land by Air. Bell for ift years and upwards? Bell liad sworu that IB years ago be round tbe Government marks, cud had erected tbe leoce upon them, Cameron agreeing, and patting up a ponton of tbe fence as a guide.. Mr- Camerouio the witness faoxto-d«y had -Dot.denied this. . Mr. Cameron nowLujpotedjwbai had been done by himself at a former period, and bad been very ill-advised in disturbing tbeokJ land marks. Also if. Uie jure believed that Bell bad been in possession of tlie land in dispute for fifteen years, as Dumer,jand not as a trespasser. Bell was entitled to tuelr Verdict. As to damages, there were two ways of committing a trespass It might be doue in a hlgh-hauded manner, or In a way merely to assert a right, but when it came to pull ing down tbe old ieuce o as to remove auy evi dence that might be wanted, be thought tbis was an nueailed-for proceeding. Verdict for plaintiff and damages £40. His Honour certified lor costs on the bfcliest scale. Henry BcLt and Jag. BeU v. Alfred Meyrick. — Jurors: Saumel ' BagUn, W. Biaifion, "Duuald M'Pbee, Dunoan MTtonald,; Peter Ait ken,' and K. T. Carty. Mr. IViiliams nod Mr. Moles wjfrlh, instructed by Mr. Creawell, for plaintiffs, aud Mr. ' tiuod, .jiiBinicied by Mr. Butier. for Uie defence. Tbe action was brought to recover £600 damages 4rom tbe Sheriff of tbe bailiwick for a levy upon 46 bead of cattle betoogiug-to Henry and JJames Bell, under UtA supposition that tbey belonged to John Bell, their father The cattle were detained for one month, and being placed la a paddock -wbere'tbe feed was deficient, they were reduced so low in con dition -when restored to tbe possession ot J amee and Henry BeU that they had to be sold for £2 us per head. Alf red Meyrick sworn : Produced the writ of Fi. Fa. at the .flnit of Barr and another v. John BelL Mr. HndsOH'SeauvaiB, of Portland, was' the depnty-bailiff and-Mr. Wheeler the deputy-sheriff. Having received a communication from Air, Ores- well, witness telegraphed to Wheeler directing fiekavals to interplead, and be did so. C. L Moody, clerk in the prothonotary's office, produced tte proceedings, jlnteipleader. Hodge s order, and the rest of the papers. James BeU. one oi tbe plaintiffs, swore, that on the 20th February 49 bead of store cattle (some half fall were aeized by 'Beanvais, t>elonging to witness ana bie bivttker. 12 were three-year-old steers worth £5; 16 were co wb worth £6 or £6; 12 three- year-old steers woitb £3; nine heifers, about2years old, worth £2. On these cattle being seized by Bean- vaiB, witness served him witii the notice produced, protesting against the seizure, and Beaavtis replied that he disregarded tbe notice, as it w«a not worth the paper it was written on. The cattle were taken to tbe pound yards at Heywood and kept there eight or ten days, Ganetd another notice to be served on him, stating that since the 18th March, 1876, the cattle were not the property oi John Bell, and Beanvais said be would sell the cattle sotwith- j standing. There was no -feed whatever In the 1 pound .yards at Heywood, aud thecattie whilst there were starved. Oo the 2l8t March witness got back , 4< of the cattle seized, being five head short. They had fallen away greatly, and were depreciated at least £2 per bead. Sold- the lot Afterwards at an average of £2 16s per bead to.a party named Miller. Owned the cauie abont twelve months before tbey were seized. Cross-examined by Hr. Hood: The cattle were branded with the brand of John Bell, deponent's father, and had not been re- branded Jby witness whrn he bought the cattle of bis father. Bo light or his father sixteen liorses and three or four hun dred sheep, together with these cattle, and paid £330 (or theiot. Bought the stock from his father to enable him to pay Off an execution, so as to pre vent bis fasber's property being awept away. Wit ness mortgaged his land to raise the £330. Got tbe land from hie father. Witness' father sned the' Barrs, and bis father lost tbe action. The notice ' served on the bailiff stated that the cattle "formerly belonged to John BeU, senr." Inserted a notice in tbe newspaper, cautioning parties not to interfere with those cattle. The notice was published before witness knew anything of the execution against his father. " \- Re-examined by Mr. Molesworth : Produced con tract of sale oi Be cattle from faisfatber to witness. Henry Bell, brother of last witness, confirmed the preceding statement. 'Got the cattle from his lather twelve months before tbey were seized. Tbey had nothiugto eat in the pound yards : hat " Hev- . wood mint. Cross-examined by MiyHood : Tbe transfer of-; the cattle was signed at- iMonut Uccervley, in the presence oT witness, his wife.- and father. Sold 46 cattle to a man named Miller, about a fortnight after tliia seizure. Including some of those seized. Re-examtaed by Mr/Williams ; Gave backto Wb father a few milkers. . Alice Belt, wife of. last witness, proved xrriting-- ont and witnessing tbe receipt for tbe aale oi the cattle from John 8eU,'f>o£b-her Kueband. Susannah Bell also proved witnessing the agree ment. / ; — . t. : . John BeU. an old gentleman of 89. proved hle signature to the sale-note. ...Hit boys allowed film to take back six or seven 'eows %od two horses, to enable him to get a living. The witness here signed j bfe name, to enable -co ousel to-compare the signa ture with thaton the sale-note.' John Gorrie, farmer, was called, but bis evidence < was not material. - Robert Black, carrier, proved jneetag -the cattle, after coming out of tbe poundyaras, and they were in poor condition. . - ' - "V " ' This closed the plaintiff's ease. Mr. Hood rai sed tbe defence that theodtUe redfv were John BeUl0,-and 4battaeale-adtranrfer-of- tbe cattle were a znereinggletoeyade an execution. First of all. the son geTUhti from thdr father; (hey then mortage tbis' land, .and with the pro- i ceeds tbey profess to buy tbe cattie Ttey neverf iltw the brands of the cattle, Mhipb stillpany their: father's brand, . and not until tnofofir ejceeht£on is J Issued against their fatho tfo 'they procfaim the ' cattle to be theirs. The learned oonnrel called - j J William Henry Barr, grandson pf?J<shnjteU.whJ> proved tbe paracnlara jof the execntion . , against tbe jatter, .and the seizure aof jhe cattle; Witness always knew the eattie to be thejroperty of -JohnrB«lL - The cattie werenot keptdntii Hey wood pound yard# altogether; bttt wefe#t««t.pfti tbe common tortoodand water. They rSrewor' only £3 per ' head when- seized. Two died of the pleuro andoneOrtwo escaped. \- Cron-exmmined by Mr.' Wtovi JBffiwQi fold Beanvais -they were John- -BeH'c cattlc,-bat to - <&. cwear fcf sdld -not aayto .BeunUcftnt a £e sdofi the . eattie.be woold hold hiin b'anhieaa, bo caid tbattf any of the Mfttie got away be (iritoess) ' would be responsible CbrJtimee'ttutt gotWway:' ;-i vn WnHimi nraaaaln BTOTH Want Iwf notbtnff, bnt crerytbiiisr bdms: to me." Went back and saw Barr, who -pointed cut the cattle brine watch td 'Blffbt and day. days arithitbepoandteeper.and witness altenranls allowed Btrrfo £raze)iiemon MeligahniW werea vers Scrnbby lot bf cattle. WWUrlrodi £s'to £2 6a '-per hlcad Crben coined.' and Improiml whtoretoznedtotbe,B4latbt#ritii£MJ hanUrJaiear.tbem. . , . ' : A<w5£ntoe8 ' '1niliBins;GlASIib£teir srerelmprorea bybriogkcptaStbC, tdtJIBilw'i a man named H-Carihy. and oarer : beard tbat.be oflered ts 1 0s per head tor tbem, or anv-Otbcr sum. It was by order of Mr. tteyrick, toe sheriff vthlt WItoesa'«aretbcaittlebidiareeaTt4MriTEd the two octieen i)rolloced;cIalmiB8r the Mmelts the; propertyotHepiy-tod Juocs BelL , Jr r. W- Jinitboine. ponndkeeper at Hennxtd. de - pbsedtbat thecattie Were lea' In fate-tostodrant mere well_treatnd all tbe time. Tlirirooiidltlon. Sf. anything, bad lmprored when Jbeydefttfae raond. .WienBcaarrie naked tow the bill pf eab-fite as well trted as tbey.conia "iuidlfiSMOd boot tbe bame .condition WentritoraMd MwtrffllTllWldT witpeaH tnSMj > ( |n jfromHBbeyie ! timudiuvtegcddxvccedthcfiny, ) His Honor (ih nsmmhsg «p)«aid tbolrnVtol wot rawmiea.- ltwimM bmbeiep rT : r ff1.; prifflyn'.'Ci.t. at (he tlmeby cxlUHting-the sale note, to have put the tinatidr Beyond Bouht , If It Were an bbn«Ak traoBaetlonit conti casilybsve been announced to the . pnbllc, yrhich wu not done ohtll difficulties arose, nor waa shy chsnge made in the branff which was an tmpmtmnt matter. SO consider- ail thfshadakptorpeOTjuboatlt. The jury must determioe whetiier it' was an actual Sale, the same si wOnld have taken place bad tbe parties been strangers to pne anottier lnstead of -being father- >n»i son as theyarrie. dlfthey Uecidediit was a <bnajide sale, then wonld -arise the question of damages, and thejerideucs went to show that the cattle did xot anffer in any Appredahle degree by their detention, Although (be fact that tbey were five short ct ttot proper number when redelivered must not be forgotten. ; . The lory.- found a verdict for £21 depreciation of stock, mod £i5<lSB6dior£31a-6i perJiead)for the fire beasts vot hfeBvurhdt totiV-fSS 22s fid, wfiirh it was undsiood.-cajriesicostpi on. the holier scale, \>a the ground that Ahe sheriff -'can only be Sued in the Supreme Court. ' The Court then adjourned atne dfe. 