? ROME. How the poor people, who are native and to the manner born, contrive to keep uncongealed in tuck cold weather as occurs iv, winter, insufficiently fed and clothed as they are, and with the little scaldino of charcoal, the only means ot warmth for the entire ' family, passes my comprehension. The men go about in huge, bandit-looking cloaks, with great oollare, often of fur, turned np to meet their sombreros; and the coarse wine of the country is cheap, and with its aid they manage to keep up a glow within, and they gather in knots and groups and crowds wherever there iB a patch of sunshine; but the poor, bare- beaded womsn, with evidently not more than three garments on, all told, and the • children, whose attire is never in the plural number, how can they live through the chilling midwinter season? Perhaps vital piety keeps them warm, for the women and children are very religions, to all outward seeming. Perhaps, as a Florentine friend explains, they are not accustomed to artificial heat and do become accustomed, gradually, to the cold of winter, aud thus can stand the cutting tramontana (as they call the piercing tfind from the snow-topped mountains) far better than yieforestieri. But they must hail . the return of spring ae ardently and joyfully, as do the fowls end birds and cattle. And meanwhile this severe weather makeB the solemn, sad, dignified-looking Bomans appear more sober than ever. And they havea notably sober and dignified appearance, with tbsir large, melancholy eyes, and sad, handsome faoes, with their marked and regular features, across which a Bmile so seldomfliokers,andwhichalaugh never broadens. In both .sexes, in all classtB, and even throughout all ages, they are alike of dignified and melancholy aspeot. How different from the mobile play of the intelligent features of the intellectual Florentines, • or the vivacious, exuberant, rattling jollity, almost buffoonery, of the Neapolitans) . Inhabitants of the same peninsula, citizens of the same nation, speaking (in different dia- • lects) the same language, they are clearly \- eprnng from widtly different races. Can these be (as they claim) the descendants of .-,.. the citizens of the world's greatest city, who \- had their rulers made for them by the legion- . anes, mercenaries of all Bome's provinces; • • who lived on the supplies of Sicily and Africa ^which their rulers' bounty provided; who clamoured, not for better government, but ; --, only for "panem el circencet," and who found their chief amusement in the luxuriant free bath, and in gloating over the bloody slaughter, of the sports of the arena ? Or are they the children of the dregs left behind by the receding waveB of Vandal and Lombard and Ostro-gothio conquest 1 They look as if they were constantly mourning over the departed \- glories of the capital of the world. Perhaps they are only thinking of the cold weather and the hard times and the high taxeB, and how iew lire and soldi ar* in the pockets to .. satisfy the cravings of appetite and the ret nngusta da/ni. Buttheremustbesadthoughts, and those only, to find expression in such sombre features 1 I saw them lively enough, however, in a street,fight, on dsy before yesterday, at tbe . foot of the Capitoline hill, and close by the ' Roman Forum, where one of the rabble, a ' powerful fellow, bare-headed, and with rolled >'. . up red shirt, had stabbed his fellow, who was • bleeding on the pavement, and was violently ^ resisting an attempted arrest by two carabi nieri, or cooked-hatted gensdarmes, who • always prowl about the streets in oouples •\<never singly), armed with sabre and re- ~ /volver, and decked with plume, belt and aiguil- '.lette,' like so many seedy British field / /^officers. Some of the ghost-like oonfraternity .'• of the Misericordia, iu their white, shroud- \--;*' like cotton robes and white hoods drawn over head and face, with holes for month aqd eyes, swooped down at onoe upon the wounded • man and carried him straight away, but a the stabber fought desperately, and was too •• ' mucliforthe policemen, who evidently feared „' the rabble too greatly to use their weapops, .».,. _Vwbile the ruffian was restrained by no ^W^Bhch •scruples. .A great crowd of the lowsft ^c^aes rapidly gathered, blocking up the street ^•'iorjnany squares on either side, while several WV ' ^ihfcic gendarmes oame to the assistance of 5?, • tisiroomrades. The rabble were all on the ^^sidtf^pf^tbe furiously fighting ruffian, and him by hustling, crowding, and, iu .i^bmeinBtanoBB, throwing down the polioemen. Kj^hess. when eorelj pressed, on two or three ^occasions timed on their assailants with fgelled carbines, and then tbe crowd would pak and run like so many sheep, the hen snatohing np the children and hustnihto ths neighbouring churobes, while oaned, ytUed and eoreamed, as if ~ "with demons. . Then, when they Vthe police wonld not .fire, they Sse jn upon them again, ; and, «ach "" •returned to the "charge,.. they ' at zeal 'the ominonS shout of p " " ilanoe galloped ",im s "'""' " "anarfif """' was pitched, head-foremost, into the vehicls, ail fighting like demons, the soldiers closed around with fixed bayonets, and the cortege moved off, with the crowd hooting and yelling in the rear. 