THE MERCURY MONDAY MORNING, NOV. 19, 1877. BUT for the intense and unreflecting party spirit that pervades the present Opposition, and that would lead the party at the bidding of its leaders to swear that black is white and white is black, we should hardly have thought it worth while to take any notice of the spasmodic agitation that is being worked up for the abolition of the separate electorates into which Hobart Town and Launceston have been divided, in order that the old system may be restored which con- stituted Hobart Town and Launceston each into one whole electorate, the former returning five Members, the latter three ; each elector in Hobart Town having five votes, and each elector in Launceston three votes, with the concomitant result of handing over the whole representation of theso two towns to a few clever demagogues, who, riding on the top of some popular prejudice or passion, could place a fixed numbor of can- didates on one ticket, and so work the election as to, in common phrase, "return the ticket," being the nearest approach we know to that period in the history of Victoria when it could be boastingly said of a then popular politician, now without a following, that he could return " his old hat " to Parliament, and when the government of the Colony was in the hands of what was known as the old hat party. There is so little real demand for reverting to an obnoxious system; so little cause for complaint ; so much quiet contentment with the better order of things which now allows all shades of opinions to be represented, that our professional agitators and our stump poli- ticians who trade on the gullibility of the less intelligent of the people, have found it impossible to excite the wonted furore on behalf of the question which they labour so hard to invest with a spurious popularity. The agitation was worn out before it had been well commenced, and has been taken up so apathetically by those whose passions and prejudices it was sought to enlist, that we should have trusted to the flame dying out from sheer inanition, had we not been warned by recent circumstances that the bulk of the gentlemen who sit on the Opposition benches, no matter how absurd the proposition of their leaders, no matter how untenable their argument, how dangerous their object, are not amenable to reason, but will vote as party, not as their own sense of right dictates. In his speech in moving the second reading of his retrograde Bill, Mr. BROMBY exerted his talent, ingenuity, and eloquence to make out a good case, but evidently spoke under the conviction that he was not carrying with him the judg- ment of those he addressed. Much of what was not claptrap, was irrelevant and illogical, while what Mr. BALFE followed with on the same side had very much the effect of a wet blanket thrown on the fervour of the mover. Whatever countenance Parliament may give the uncalled for attempt at unsettling the public mind ; however strong may be the power of party leanings, the meeting at the Town Hall on Monday last, so unweariedly laboured for, and from which so much was expected, afforded so little encouragement to the promoters of the agitation that the movement may, in so far as the public is concerned, be said to have fallen still-born in the hands of its self- constituted nurses. And now when it has reached Parliament, it has no hope except in the bitterness of party strife. The Town Hall meeting was worse than a failure, it was a caricature. A letter which we publish in another column, written by one who is eminently of the working classes, and has done good service in their behalf, thoroughly exposes the hollowness of the movement, and tells some home truths that the working man and his self- constituted advocates would do well to " read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest." The meeting was not the outcome of public opinion, but got up by a few political quacks and wire pullers in mi attempt to manufacture public opinion, and to raise spurious questions upon which to divide and agitate the public in the hope of serving their own party purposes. Who, among the colonists of any standing, cannot remember burning and important questions on which men could conscientiously differ, and con- cerning which honest men could surrender their own private opinions, and support a party so as to secure an object which was at the time deonied to transcend all other questions in public import- ance ? Who will compare the pitiful party effort connected with the title of PREMIER, or that mushroom principle involved in the sub-di- vision of the two chief towns, with the questions of a bygone time when men stood up for what thoy,believed to beef vital importance ; and who will compare the men who then came to tho front with the occupants of the platform, and with the speakers of Monday last ? In judging of tho value of tho movement, and of the earnest- ness of the movers, Ave are justified in analysing the claims of these would-bo leaders of public opinion to the confidence they seek fruin us. We do not go out of our way to single them out for invidious remarks. They obtrude themselves on public notice, and challenge criticism. We have the CROWTHERS, father and son, the former of whom may be con- sidered the stormy petrel of politics, and who, if not feeding some ancient grudge, may be suspected of seeking some personal object. Then we have Mr. DAVID LEWIS, who, we believe, honestly desires the public good, but whose views were always erratic, often fallacious, and have latterly been particularly wild, the usual consequence of having gone over from one side to another. Aldermen PIKE and WATCHORN, Mr. WEAVER, Mr. DODDS, a doubly-de- feated candidate, to whom any change may afford a hope of better luck next time, and Mr. EDWARDS, a political agent, had not only a right to their opinions, but a right to be where they were in the absence of inore próminont and iutiuential citizens. But what has Hobart Town done that it should be humiliated by the patron- age and interest taken in its affairs by such men as Mr. CHARLES MEREDITH, Mr. PILLINGER, Mr. DOOLEY, and a Mr. GOMM, who do not own a brick in the city, and do not contribute a penny to its rates. Is it to be believed that were the issue at stake one of vital importance to the political or material interests of the citi- zens of Hobart Town, these interests would be left to the keeping of the few citizens named, and of such alien intermeddlers as occupied with them the platform? Nor was a higher tone given to the proceedings by the status, and personal interest, in the subject of the speakers. No fewer than eleven gentlemen ventilated their views, and expressed to the meeting how their souls burned within them to restore to the citizens their lost privileges. The property standing in the names of these patriots, who advocated the abolition of the sub- divisions, is valued in the Assessment Roll of the city at under £200, and the total rents paid by all the other speakers reach the magnificent sum of £184. That these should be our guides and teachers ia an insult to the good sense of the Colony. All the arguments advanced at the meeting did not get over the anomaly why a man pay- ing a rent of £7 in New Town or St. Leonards should have only one vote, while an inhabitant of Hobart Town and Launceston, paying the same rent, should have respectively five and three votes. Were it not that political life in Tasmania has sunk so low that mental independence is sacrificed to faction, and Members of the Assembly give up their private opinions at the bidding of a party that finds subsistence in an clement of passion intrigue and office scramble, the Bill of which Mr. BROMBY is the parent, would receive a very short shrift, though, in the bondage to party under which we now labour, we shall not be surprised to find it receive support from men who do not desire any alteration in the law, but vote with their party ; and from some, too, who thus vote, trusting to the odium, if any, of the rejection of the Bill resting with the Council, where the Bill will find a resting place if the Assembly prove too craven to do its duty. MUSEUM.- Agreeably to notice the Museum was opened to the public yesterday afternoon, between half-past 2 and o o'clock. The experiment was highly successful, the institution having been visited by upwards of 600 persons. THE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS.- From a telegram in the Sydney Morning Herald we learn that the cricket match between the Australian combined team and twenty- two of the Darling Downs began on Wednesday last. The Australians made 119; Bannerman scoring 23, Horan 28, Allan 17, Bailey 8, D. Gregory 24, and Murdock 27 (not out), and playing well. The Toowoomba team made 51, Hamilton contributing 20, top score. In the second innings of the Australian team Murdock, Horan, Spofforth, Garrett, and Bailey were all out for nine runs. The team were to return to Sydney on Friday. PEET'S FLOUR MILL.- On Saturday afternoon the first trial of the machinery of Mr. Peet's newly inaugurated establishment in George-street took place, and we are happy to record with entire success. The whole of the various portions of the process as described by us in our notice of the building on October 6, passed off satisfactorily and without a hitch. About 3 o'clock Mr. Peet shot the first sackful into the well on the ground floor, and the whole of the machines being, step by step, placed in gear, a good sample of flour was the result. All the various points in the process, the various cleanings, etc., were successfully carried out ; and Mr. Peet, with his coadjutors in the works, Messrs. Smith and Gellie, are to be congratulated on the success of their labours. Mr. Peet commences regular work this morning. The mill is capable of turning out five tons of flour per week ; and we wish the energetic proprietor every success in his new and extended sphere of action. FINGAL.- The foundation stone of St. Joseph's Church, Fingal, is to be laid on Wednesday next, by the Bishop of Hobart Town, assisted by the Bishop of Maitland. The Rev. P. R. Hennebry is to preach the sermon. MUNICIPALITY OF Ross.- The retiring Councillors this year are Messrs. Keach, Parramore, and Bacon. Nominations for the vacancies will be received up to the 6th December, and the polling will take place on the 13th. CRICKET.- The Break o' Day and Wellington Clubs commenced their first match this season on Saturday last. Some little delay was caused by a heavy shower as the Break o' Day, men took the field. The Wellingtonians, with ten men, managed to total up the score of 130, of which A. J. Chap- man, C. Briant, G. Farmer (not out), W. Ford, and J. A. Bogg, obtained 26, 19, 44, 15, and 15 respectively. G. Farmer played a fine free innings, and, as the latest acquisition to the Wellington Club, will prove one of its most valuable members. The wicket, on account of the rain, was very dead, and resulted in a great many catches being given, though all were not taken. The fielding of Holden especially, for the Break o' Day, was very fine. He takes the ball very clean, find returns it well and quickly. Briant fell a victim to him at long- leg a very good catch being made. Several other of the Break o' Day acquitted themselves well in the field. E. Butler, Kirby, and R. Butler did the bowling, which was not so good as it should have been. The former got 7 wickets for 71 runs. The Break o' Day sent in Freeman and Holden to open their innings, but the former was soon disposed of. Giblin followed, but did not remain long, when E. H. Butler filled the gap, and these two kept the game pretty lively, and ran up the score considerably. After Butler had scored 16 he was well caught by C. E. Davies, very deep. The spell being broken, Holden, who had played a careful innings for 25, ran himself out. Prior (not out) has totalled up 26, including a capital hit over the fence for 6 to square-leg ; Morris got 16 ; and R. Butler (not out) 16\. When the stumps were drawn the score stood at 118, with the loss of 7 wickets. Several chances were missed, and the fielding, with few exceptions -notably Wright and Prior (at long-stop)-was not quite up to the mark. The bowling was entrusted principally to Burgess and Farmer, but the former did not do himself justice at all. Walshe was, un- fortunately, unable to play through illness. One of the players selected to play for the Wellingtonians did not put in an appearance, and not having sent any excuse for his absence should in future be allowed to be an onlooker. This is the only way to cheek the growing indifference of so-called cricketers, who do not consider the annoyance they subject their fellow-players to, provided they are not inconvenienced. This game will not be resumed till Saturday week, as the ground is engaged for Saturday next, when an eleven selected from the Association will play fifteen players selected from the country districts. This match will cause a good deal of interest, and is a step in the right direction, for cricket wants a good deal of fostering in Tasmania. We hold over the scores of Saturday's game till completed. THE THEATRE ROYAL.- Bayless' Dramatic Com- pany soared high on Saturday evening in their production of Shakespeare's tradegy of Hamlet ; and the success which was as a whole achieved by the performance speaks loudly for the stamina and ability of the troupe. There was evidence through- out of careful rehearsal, and, though somewhat marred in parts by faulty properties and inexpert scene-shifting, the production was very creditable. Mr. G. R. Ireland was somewhat overweighted in the title rôle, and by alterations of the text in parts which have become "familiar in our mouths as household words" spoilt many of the situations which are as a rule a prominent feature in the traegdy. Still his representation was in its entirety, painstaking, and well deserved the warmth of applause which marked the course of the play and the intense interest which he was evidently success- ful in arousing from the audience for the various vicissitudes of the unfortunate prince. Mr. E. B. Russell combined the two characters, the "Ghost" and the " King," and was fairly successful. Mr. Dillon, as "Laertes," was far too melo-dramatic and excited ; even in his opening scene with his sister his manner had in it so much of the first robber as to render it ludicrous ; and in the last scene the gasping and guttural utterances were positively painful to witness. Mr. McGowan's " Polonius" was a genuine success, the garrulous old Chamber- lain being graphically depicted. "Horatio," as presented by Mr. Stuart Bolton, was a valuable support to Mr. Ireland in the quiet, earnest, digni- fied, gentlemanly demeanour and the careful man- ner with which he seconded in every point the efforts of his chief. Mr. Harry Power excited much laughter by his quaint acting of the old " Grave digger," which he doubled with the courtly "Guildenstern ;" and was well seconded by Mr. Nunn, The players' parts were not well sustained, and "Hamlet's" address to their leader, as to over- attention to the sawing of the air, should have been in the opposite direction, and warning him of the other extreme. Miss Foley as the " Player Queen," however, spoke her few lines intelligently and well. "Ophelia" was well played by Miss Edith Pendar, though the greater por- tion of her part appeared to have been ruth- lessly eliminated ; the mad scene was, however, excellently rendered, especially in the vocal part, the snatches of melody being given with the varying expressions of feeling peculiar to them. Mrs. McGowan played " The Queen " quietly, and the other minor parts were sustained with credit. To- night the sensational drama, founded on a novel by Edmund Yates, and entitled Nobody's Fortune will be produced ; Mr. Ireland playing the principal character. The management also announce the intended visit of Mr. Charles Pope who has been lately starring in Melbourne, having come out from the old country with very flattering testimonials. MR. CHARLES POPE.- By the s.s. Tasman yester- day, Mr. Pope, an American tragedian, arrived here to fulfil an engagement with Mr. L. M. Bayless. Mr. Pope has been playing in Melbourne and Sydnoy, and will make his first appearance here in a few days. Mr. Bayless is expected here to morrow. THE FAKIR OF OGLU AT THE TOWN HALL.- Dr. Silvester, and his clever assistants, gave two enter- tainments at the Town Hall Assembly Room on Saturday ; the first at 3 o'clock in the afternoon for the accomodation of families and people living at a distance ; and the latter at 8 o'clock in the evening. On both occasions the attendance was quite equal to that of the usual run of Saturday gatherings in Hobart Town, and we can safely say that in all that the Fakir did he succeed in maintaining unbroken the interest of the audience from the opening to the close of the entertainment, Leo,the educated lion, was in itself a perfect wonder ; but the best illusion that we ever remember having witnessed was the Flying Bird Cage. This cage, containing a canary, was held by the Fakir in front of the audience, when, with lightning rapidity, and at the instance of the magician's wand, it disappeared. The panorama of the Prince of Wales's visit to India is very hand- somely painted, and the humorous remarks of Dr. Silvester apropos of each scene caused a great deal of amusement ; as also did Miss Daisy Silvester's " Masks and Faces." The portion of the entertain- ment which most particularly astounded the audi- ence was that in which Miss Silvester (entranced) appeared uuspended in mid-air. The young lady assumed, a variety of characters and attitudes, and we are safe in saying that the spectators fairly marvelled at the sight before them. Madame Silvester (Miss Beaumont) sang twice, "Spring Returning" and that beautiful and ever welcome ballad "Home, sweet home, " both of which were admirably rendered, and seemed to greatly please the company. Mr. Charles Silvesters cornet solo ''The Blue Bells of Scotland " showed that gentle- man to be a highly accomplished cornet player, and he deserved the honour of the encore demanded of him. At the close of the entertainment Dr. Sil- vester announced that novelties would be intro- duced to-night, and that he hoped to be able to induce the Mayor and Aldermen to permit him to produce what had proved a great attraction all over the world - including Buck- ingham Palace, on the occasion of the marriage of the Duke of Edinburgh - namely his wonderful fountain. The doctor further assured the audience that there was no danger of water being spilt or any damage done to the properties of the hall ; and under these circumstances we can see no reason why the beauties ol' the magic fountain should not be witnessed by the Hobart Town public, especially as the doctor has never previously been prevented from exhibiting it in other Town Halls, not the least important of which is that of Melbourne. We are re- quested to state that in consequence of the inclemency of the weather on Saturday, and to meet the wishes of many families and children who were on that day unable to attend, there will be another grand after- noon performance on Wednesday next. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION.- His Excellency the Governor has offered a prize of a silver cup, to be shot for by the riflemen of Tasmania on a day before Christinas, to be named by the com- mittee of the S. T. R. Association, and to be again competed for in the autumn on a day to be fixed by the officer commanding the Launceston Artillery. The cup to be won in two competitions, at the ranges of 300, 400, and 450 yards, with long Enfield or carbine rifles, Government ammunition, and re- gulation positions. The committee will meet on Monday, at 4, in Mr. Hull's office, to make the necessary arrangements for the matches, and to fix a day for the delivery by the President, Sir James Wilson, of the several prizes competed for in the recent matches of the Association. The committee will also have to elect an hon. secretary in place of the present one, who has resigned in consequence of failing health compelling him to seek rest from work for some months. DERWENT ROWING CLUB.- A sailing race for the prize offered by this club was held on Saturday afternoon. The Foam, Alert, and Kathleen started, but as the first-named yacht was the only one which sailed round the course, she was declared the winner. TASMANIAN REPRESENTATIVE CREW.- The Tas- manian crew arrived from Sydney yesterday after- noon by the steamer Tasman. They look none the worse for their trip, and will no doubt receive a warm reception from the boating men in Hobart Town. THE SUNKEN YACHT WHIRLWIND.- We are glad to know that Mr. P. Oldham has been suc- cessful in raising Messrs. Wright Bros. yacht Whirlwind. She was towed up the river by one of O'May's steamers yesterday afternoon, and it is understood that she has not sustained any serious damage. INJURY FROM FIRE.- A little girl, 4 years of age, named Ellen McNamee was brought in from New Town, yesterday afternoon to the Hospital, suffering from severe burns on the back and other portions of the body. They had been caused by the child's clothing having caught fire from a heap of rubbish which was being burnt in the rear of her parents premises. The little sufferer remains in the hospilal although the injuries are happily not of a dangerous character. TUE MURDER AT N.W. BAY.-The inquest touching the death of Lawrence Fallon, whoso body was recently found at N.W. Bay, was con- tinued at Kingston on Saturday. Several witnesses were examined but the inquest was not conludcd, the fnrthcr hearing being adjourned till Saturday next at 10 a.m. Wo leam that on Saturday night tho man- Fruncís Shearau (who is supposed to have murdered Fallon) gave himself up at Kingston. On Saturday week ho was known to have gone in the direction of the Huon, but tho two constables whom Mr. Swan sent down, together with those belonging to the place, kept the mau hemmed in so that he could not get out of the district, and he eventually gave himself up at Kingston as above stated. ISUIPJSEP CASE OK INFANT-CIDE.-Acaso of this description at North West Bay is now under inves- tigation. A girl living with Mrs. Large, who is suspected, was accused of having recently given birth to an infant, but denied the fact. The body of a newly born child was, however, afterwards found under her bed wrapped in a cloth. A jnst mortem has been held upon the body by Dr. Smart, and an inquest is to be held at noon to-morrow at Oldham's Bird-in Hand Hotel, Argyle-street. We abstain from pub- lishing further particulars and from comment, pend- ing the result of the inquiry. CITY COUNCIL.-The following is the business for consideration at the meeting this afternoon :-Re- ports from the various Committees as follows, viz. : -Public Works : On application of Mr. Alfred Winter to dedicate a plot of land for a street. Lighting : On representation of Mr. J, C. Northcote as to neglect in lighting kerosene lamps. Parlia- mentary : On resolution relating to re-assessment of property in the eity. Consideration of report of Finance Committee, and recommendation of assess- ment lists referred to in resolution of September 24 last, and compiled iu accordance therewith. CITY POLICE COURT.-At the City Police Court on Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, Jane Bruiidlc waa brought up charged with having stolen a pewter pot, the property of Mr. Smith, of tho Caledonian Hotel, Elizabeth-street. On tho appli- cation of the polico she was remanded until the 22nd instant. William Purifoy, charged with assaulting an old man who is an inmate of the Casoades Depot, was also remnn.led until the 20th instant. . THE REV. D. F. X. BEEOiiiNon.-A meeting'was held last evening in St. Joseph's schoolroom, for the purpose of taking steps to welcome the Rev. D. F. X. Beechinor on his return to Hobart Town. Tho Hon. C. O'Reilly presided, It was ? decided to present the rev. gontleman with an address, ut a public tea-mooting to bo hold in his honour, in re- cognition of his services in collecting funds for the erection of St. Mary's Cathedral. A large and influential committee was appointed to carry out the necessary arrangements, "and 350 tickets were bespoken. This augurs well for the success of the project, and there is no doubt that the welcome to the Rev. D. F. X. Beechinor will be a hearty one. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.-Special services were held at the Baptist Chapel, Harrington-street, yesterday, in connection with the 37th anniversary of the Sabbath school. Tho Row H. Cole and the Rev, J. Richards were the respective preachers morning and evening, and their discourses were lis- tened to by large congregations. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the children were examined in biblical history, etc., by Mr. Evans, of Campboll-strcet, and sovor.il of them showed a fair amount of know- ledge of the oontcnts of the Bacred book. This evening a tea and public meeting is announced to take place in connectiou with the same school, and a number of ministers aro expected to deliver ad- dresses. DEATH AT THE GAOL.-A man named Alexander Hunt, who was convicted on a charge of drunkenness last week, and sentenced to a fine of 10a. G<1., with tile alternative of 14 days' imprisoumeut, and who, being unable to pay the fine, was undergoing bia terni of confinement, died yesterday morning within the precincts of the gaol. It is supposed that his death occurred from natural causes, but as usual in such cases an inquest will, in all probability, be held upon the body. GLENORCHY.-The sacred concert which was ta have taken place last week at Glo.uurohy, is an- nounced to come oil' to-morrow evening. 