THE LEADERSHIP OF THE OPPOSITION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ABO D8. Sigalas ! poor Berry With what dis- may must the Geelong patriot have read in Wednesday a issue of the stonewall organ, that he is to be deposed from the leadership of the Opposition ? It is understood that he was just preparing to sound the first blast of the trumpet at the Princess' Theatre. The issue before the country was to be the Berry policy as announced in Parliament; the champion of Berryism was to be Berry himself, the outcome of the revolution was to be the triumphant return of Berry to the Treasury benches. Did he not declare in the Assembly that the election platform every plank of it was to be of his own laying, and it is known that towards the end of the month he was to commence the task of hammer- ing it down. But, just as he was about to begin his magnum opus, who is quietly thrust aside, and the National li-' formers, ultra protectionists, and stonewallers are informed that they are better without a leader than with each a one as Berry. With a great show of magnanimity the contending factions have an offer made them-" M Cul- loch undeniably sticks in the nostril, and the smell of Berry is far from pleasant. You shear the cells of your Samson, and we will throw our Jonah overboard." Was there ever such base ingratitude' Who would put his trust in newspapers, especially stonewall organs! Was it for this that the member for Geelong placed a seat in his Cabinet at the disposal of the journal supporting him-the seat which was worthily filled by Mr Woods The innovation was great, but convenient With ' our own correspondent " in the Cabinet, the earliest intelligence might be obtained , with a contributor at the Council Board, the Ministry audits organ might be kept in perfect accord on the principle of give and take Such was the compact, and honestly the Premier carried it out. In opposition he was patted and landed, placed second only to Gaunson, and encouraged with him to destroy Parliamentary government by mere length of tongue and strength of lungs Poor Berry was in earnest, and he thought the paper was too, he chivalrously forgave all the evil things it said of him when Treasurer to the Duffy Government, and hoped that the re established entente cordiale would continue for ever. But his progress reminds one of Opposition Bill in Marryat, novel, who got his wooden leg into a plug hole and walked round it, under the belief that he was going home, until, sick and giddy, he fell on the pave ment. With the assistance of the journal which now deserts him, Mr. Berry got fast in a pughole. He thought he was making excellent progress until he was sent sprawl- ing to the ground But why this sudden abandonment ' Is it discovered that stonewalling is not so popular as was thought, and that the stoppage of supply plank is not likely to be well received Is there a sudden alarm of an Irish Catholic invasion, or is the organ prepared to nominate a new leader upon terms? It Is well known that Mr. Berry his cultivated an excellent understanding with the priesthood He had their aid at Warrnambool in the effort to eject Sir James M'Culloch and in all his deliverances he has carefully abstained from allusion to the Education, Act, and the preservation of the system is no part of the National Reform programme. Sir Charles Gavan Daffy rarely speaks or acts without a motive, and there was much significance in his voluntary declaration not long ago in the Assembly, that he knew nothing against the honourable member for Geelong, personally " or politically." This was an astounding statement, seeing that Mr Berry was in effect dismissed from the Duffy Cabinet That the Catholics intend a great effort at the approaching election is certain, and, doubtless, Sir Charles is quite willing to give Mr Berry his assistance. Is this the reason why the author of " Something to Do" is doing nothing taking rest and recreation, which will not permit of his answering a constituent's letter until the end of February It is the horse episode over again but of another colour. If the ghost of a Catholic party be raised again, farewell to successful opposition, But, after all, is there not a new leader looming in the distance. Mr. Service is the man for the crisis There are no Catholic sympathies about him he can absorb both Berry and Duffy, and gather round him the lukewarm sup- porters of the Government. Down with Berry, and up with Service, He is the man for Galway. Away with the Stonewall ; away with the platform, and Berry on the top of it Service can satisfy the freetraders, give a place to the protectionists, settle terms with the Pearsomtes, and give M'Culloch his quietus. Alas I floor Berry, to be so disposed or I am, Jac C0GN03CENS. Jan. 10. The exact dates of the birth and death of Auber have been at length ascertained. The baptismal record on the register at Caen gives the date of birth 29th of January, 1782, and the name which is inscribed on the monument for Pere la Chaise, Daniel-Fran- Lois Esprit Auber. He died on the 12th of May, 1871, and his remains were concealed, in the days of the Commune, in the crypt of the Trinity Church until the 15th of June, 1871,' when they were interred temporarily in the cemetery at Montmartre. , 