'liiEfr'tt^ '' it THE XlfcrirOR' OF * TB«4fiV'*AlHIiW&P;' ?iam'is ABUSDBt,'- etc. etc- ' ^fiiiwarSn^beett doae'amjjle justice tp-TOe wines (and tlieibname was legion) bad no* been nt all inflected— bord Alfred had become quite in timate with the guardsmen, who, as tlie wine un locked tueir tongues; began, in a quiet, geotie miwly '»Tiy. to quiz everything and even-body, esijeaaUy the he»7y dragoon, who rejoiced in the patronymic of fiauUer— a name on which the other nulitarygentiHuen were pleased to exercise their wit -sriienever they addressed him. As.for example, let guardsmwi, 'loquitur-— ? I say, Beaup«ep, JiB-ve-you Oieard Fred's (2nd; cuardBjanV) lautfV*' . . '' ._ , ' I haven't heardtM first,' was the rejoinder. ' Xo ; I should think Jiot,' continued »o. 1; '^he made that when he was quite a baby in a'e niayas well say beSorebB coildB]5ealt,wWltt ye are about it,' suggested O'Brien. ?Siwivo Cavtain ! you wont better that,' said the nflrraW.'* However, Fred's, last and worst was this-' Why is the gallant cornet opposite, an addition to any i»»s-table|' Do you give ,t up? 'Uecausehe'6 half ^lame ana baifheer! 'I dare sav..ii; is very funiiy,' muttered the LeavyTuJjjmVofttie Jrtt, Mnit I don't Beethe point ? T$v« pint: of.hBlf-Rnd-half,' otoervea Jack Beaiijiieep, explanatorily. . ,.,,„., 'Or ' heavy' ™et- if hewere out ia the 3MD' added guards-man Ko. 2. , , 'Talking of heavy wet, puts me in mind of coining down with the dust. When «»y°* 6™'«[ .to perform that operation m regard to the Windsor Steeplechase?' inquired, the comet, surlily ;_ who, not having' ??anvHitag ? -nitty to reply .to bw as eailant, substituted instead the most 'unpleasant :topic lie could select. ?„?_,]-,_ 'That is soon answered,' wa6 the rejoinder; whenevwyou'Il J»oke afresh match between the ?horses, and give Hattlctrap a chance of showing Teacaddy the way home, when lies not heeli ipricked in shoeing by a confounded black smith,' ' . ........ 'Oh! If that's all, you may hand over me caw ?to-monow morning,' returm-d the dmgoon. uie jnare's in first-rate order, and I'm game to Imck 'her for a match, hurdlerace, steeplechase, or what ?you will,' was the confident reply. ' . . ? Ah ! is it a steeple-chase now, ye're. talking of t Wenupted O'Jirieu, filling himself a. tumbler of t&t; * ?? ' pu™ tiu- 1Ve Sot a horsc Fd he pr°' enter u il WMn*t iist l)llttiDS me Hft? 'VT^f enter, u. taking the money out of 'em ; ior it I^fthe ice^a n^theJ winner before they added bis comi)auion, iionicir-L '1 ? . , . ;t, ym was till the dayl lirrtga 'jwi/11™ '! e™' 1'ark. 1 only wish I'd hmlhim » ?°%*n1£ll.il nrved with the legion nt ^l1' »%^tVi/ WaVk- i isn't overtaken aud Wit entirely by t.'e« ^ J««; guard dragoons I'd u»ye been llieu—t*- '''V' «? .little but bard blows and lmrtiwwirinS »ll °ot out of me, as it was, the hold be praised S 'Hear, hear! a story, JT ,rtwy! ^/^S' reminiscences of Captain O'Bnftj ! °*df' u \ ?Silence for the uoblo anecdote! Out. v... ri - -» Oaptain » &c.; &c; were some of the ^™S with whieli the Hibernian's last «I*6cU™I* JJ,1, lue by various members of the party, upon whom -M whitebait (?) was beginning to tell. . ? Thus urged, that worthy, clearing his threat l)j a sip at the Claret, which half emptied the ±UMvS ftPfr. to eaughta look from Horace D'Alnwyne, which caused him, nothing abaeh«tt- w add parenthetically), 'if in the congeniality oi ,good iello«-shi» you will permit me to call ye so, ' the story's nothing so very wonderful, after a.1— —it was iust a bit of a spree, do ye Bee, nothing more; but such as it is ye're welcome to ir* (polite asUle from Jack Beaupeep tor %ord Alfffid'fl:J)eneTit-'Yuu are. tuo _ liberal, l-eaily !') ' 1 waSwith Sir Da Lacy Evaus in bpam, captain in a regiment of lancers ; a raTe set ot. 'rattling dogs they were, too-up to everything, from robbing ri henvoost to buraiDg towns aiiU ?tiackiflg monasteries' — (Beaiipcep a-side— A Hiucidedly sac-religious act that last!) 'On one 'nccasion, we/were stationed at a place flietaiit about four miles from a village occupied -Try a letroug body of Carlists ; well, sir, for several n/ghts luuuing, our sentiuels on the side towards Wo village ? were assassinated — stabbed through tj^e heai-t they were ! We had 'em doubled, two men to each post ; beJad, the only improvement that «tt'ected was, we got two men murdered instead of one ; aud yet the scamp that did it always con trived to get away clear and clean— we never so much as clapped eyes on him! Well, I bothered and puzzled the matter over, and thought of this thing and that thiug, and at last I got hold til a 'notion 1 fancied might work well ; so I cut off to our Colonel, aud 'Colonel,' says I, 'with your kind permission, 1 think 1 can stop these assassinations.' ' What is it, O'Brien? says ho, 'you're a clever, xieiug j'oung officer, and a man tlint bids fair to be an ornament to bis profession ; but 1 wont trouble ye with the illegaut eulogy he was bo polite as to pronu'uice on me thatdny' — ('Hear hear!' from Beaupeep and the guardsmen). ' So I jiet ol-- laiued bis permission to obtain two well-mounted troopers out of my own corapnuy, aud leave to do what 1 pleased with them and myself during the Might, and that was all 1 wanted.* 1 happened at ?that time to have a particularly fast mare— a sweet thing she was, bay, with black points, nearly thorough-bred, a head like auantelopo, and as to pace, 'gad there wasn't a horso in the regiment could comenenr her. Before nightfall I picked out my two troopers— sharp, plucky young fellows, that I knew 1 could depend upon if it came to hard lighting, each of ilium well mounted; and 1 took care to see that their horses and the mare were properly fed aud watered, so as to bo lit for a stiff burst; then I amused myself with slinrpeuiag the point of my lance till it wa* as keen as a razor. About a stone's throw from the post where the eentrytliey used to assassinate was stationed'— ('Of course, the same man every night till further notice,' murmured Jack Beaiipcep, continuing his running commentary)- ? there was a. thicket of olive bushes and other shrubs ; behind this, as soon ais it grew dusk, I posted my men with the horses, while I availed myself of a rise in the ground to advance nearer, and lie down, hidden from sight by a stunted bush or two. Well, I waited and waited, aud watched nud watched, so that a mouse could not have stirred without iny noticing it ; but nothing did I see, except Hie shadowy figure of the euutinel pacing up aud down in the moonlight, as though he were the discontented ghost of one of his murdered comrades'— (' Vury pretty — quite poetical, I declare !' from. Itaaiipccp). ' Well, at fast, just about a quarter of aii hour before diy In-cak, which is the darkest period of the night in those latitudes, whether 1 had dozed off for a uiiuitte 1 don't knoTv, but 1 was startled by a noise differing ironi the monotonous tread of the sentinel, aud which sounded to my ear like the cracking of b dry twig ; in another moment I perceived a dark, round object moving upon the ground, which 1 60011 made out to be the head of a man drawing himself along, suake-fasuiou, upon his stomach— while so close had we got to the unconscious Boldier that I perceiyed, if I would save the poor lad's Iif«, not an instant was to be lost. I there fore gave the signal to my troopers to come up, and drawing my sword, rushed forward to secure the assassin. As I did so, a light active figure sprang up from the ground, aud brandishing a long keen dagger, made a furious stab at the sentry ; but, fortunately, my approach confused the scoundrel, .-o llmt lie missed his stroke, nndiuslead of killing the man, merely intiictcd a slight llcsh wound of no consequence. Notwithstanding his surprise,— for, as the soldier nlicrivards declared to me, his antagonist seemed to have risen out of the earth,— the sentry attempted tu seize him; but lie contrived to slip out of his Iinnds like an eel, and before L could reach the spot, had disappeared in the darkness. In another niomer.t thu dull round of a horse's feet galloping over the turf proved to me that be was away j but my own horse Ijfeing brought up, I sprang into the saddle, snatched my iance from the trooper who held it, and ordering the men to follow me, started in pursuit. . * Vita me conscience, gentlemen, I liivirreftect on me feelings at that critical moment but it makes me— Ah, well ! Ill .list trouble your LordshiD for tneOaret.' 