OPENING OF THE NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH. The opening services in connection with the new Wesleyan Church took place on Sunday, the President of the Wesleyan Conference, the Rev. Mr. Clarke, preaching at the morn- ing and evening services to large congrega- tions, and an address specially adapted to the young being, delivered in the afternoon by Mr. W. Davies, the Mayor of Goulburn. On Monday evening a tea and public meet- ing was held in celobration of the event. Tea was laid in the old church building, which was tastefully decorated for the occasion. A very large number sat down to tea, taxing the powers of the ladies who supplied the tables and ministered to the wants of the; visitors to the utmost. The liberal provision of good things appeared to be thoroughly appreciated, and the general satisfaction must" havo been a niattor of gratification to ; the following ladies who are to be credited with the success of this part of the proceedings :— Mrs. Vincent, sen., and Miss Michel, Mrs. Eddy, Mrs. Mackay, Mrs. T. and W. Den- ning, Mrs. Cassin, Mrs. J. Chapman, Mrs. Goddard, and Mrs. Macarthur. After the tea had been concluded, those assembled adjourned to the new Church which at the hour advertised for the public meetiug waa densely crowded, the large audience being evidently much struck with the chasto interior of the building. The foundation stone of this Church it will be remembered was laid in the latter, end of April last, and the building has been erected by Mr. Hardy from modified designs prepared by Mr. Sheppard, of Gordon and Sheppard, on the plans of Messrs. Crouch and Wilson of Melbourne. The western elevation of the Church faciug Johnstone-street has a very pleasing effect with its light pinnacles and handsomo tracery window. The interior of the building at the first glance favours the idea that the comfort of the congregation has been carefully studied. The seats are well designed for ease, and the ventilation of the building is all that can be desired. The floor of the Church has a gentle slope rising from the reading desk to the western end, and the effect is that while everyone in the congregation has an uninterrupted view of the preacher and the choir, the latter being placed at the buck in an octagonal apse, the Minister's eye has the most perfect command over every portion of the building. The acoußtic properties of the building appear to bo excellent, and the fine music rendered by the choir was in consequence very effective. The proceedings of the meeting wore oponed by the singing of a hymn, after which the President of the Conference engaged in prayer, the choir then giving the Anthem, " Messiah's Reign," Gobbin. The Rev. Mr. Stead moved that Mr. William Davics, the Mayor of Goulburn, occupy the chair. The CHAIRMAN, who was received with ap- plause, said that he saw from the very for- midable programme that was laid before him, that he was put down to give them an address, so he supposed what he had to say now would be considered merely in the light of an intro- duction. At all events whether it was an introduction or not, he would take the oppor- tunity of giving them credit for the building in which they were assembled, and this was a matter of which he was in some degree fitted to judge, and his opinion of the structure would be couched in the words, "that so far as he could judge it was simply faultless " (Applause). He had as a layman in his time helped to spoil a good deal of bricks and mortar in the building of churches, and he helped also to mould a good deal more into forms of beauty. He had learned a good deal from experience how to do the latter, and had the information of books to guide him, but lio need not particularize now further than to say that when the arrange ments that had been made for ventilation wero fully availed of, they would have a church that would be perfect, in winch it would be a pleasure to sit, in some of the Wagga hot summer evenings. He might mention that a little chango in the disposition of the lamps would bo advisable, the lights being at present a litllo too closo to the speaker. But on the whole, he would tell them that he was much struck with what he saw, and as it was said, as they knew, that open confession was good for the soul, he would tell them that he did not expert. to see the amount of ability and zeal displayed that lie saw in the erection of their place of worship, and he was-most agreeably disappointed, and could assure them that he had never been at any chapel opening cxcept one that gave him the same pleasure, he could well understand the anxiety and labour the work must have cost the Rev. Mr. Stead, in order to bring it to its present condition— the self-denying liberality and persistent help of the intelligent lay members of the Church, and the liberal aid of other Churches, for he was sure tlicy had the respectable contribu- lions of the members of other Churches to assist them. As he had more to say bye and bye, if they would hear him, he would not speak further then. : He might conclude, as most first speakers hare dono before, by alluding to the galaxy of talent by which he was surrounded, and say that as they had so many powerful speakers here, whoso words would be bettor than Ii», he might reasonably ask them to let him remain in the back ground,, but lie bad-a little more to say byo»and»bj?o, if they would listen to him. In saying that ho was about to ask the choir again to favor thorn he would toll them how much he was pleased with the choir yesterday, and although it was a rule of his never to say anything against Goulburn, he could not help wishing that he could import the choir of the Wagga Wesleyan Church down to Goulburn. (Applause). The Rev. Mr. Stead said he would then read a brief financial statement. It was necessarily imporfeot, as they had to get in some of the money promised, which they would do before long, and would then bo in a position to give thcin a definite statement; He would, howovor, give ' them the follow ing rough statement as to the cost of the new church and the improvements in the old. The original contract for tho Church was £1823. It was afterwards decided to raise tho foundation 2ft., at a cost of £50 j: im provements in floor, £5 10s.; new seats in church, ¿690 ; benches, for the school room i into which the old church was converted, i £17 10s. ; alterations in the old building, i £0 7s. ; lamps, £27 ; new harmonium, £71 ; i fence, £70 ; additional expenses, including. Architect's fees, &c.;, £40, making a total of £2201 7s. Towards this they had received at the tea meeting and laying of the fornida tion stone, and the collection made in the town by the following Jadies : Mrs. Vincent, sen., and Miss Michel ; Mrs. .White and the late Mrs. Fenton j Miss Wagg. and.Mrs. J. Viucont ; Mrs. Tempest and Miss Tempest j Mrs. Macarthur.and Mrs. Stead, the sum of £750. The Church Snstenation Fund trustee's had gone out of their usual way and given them £100 before the church was completed, and there was £22 at the collection yester day, and there would be about £250 from other sources, in all £1122.: So ¡ that with the £100 he hoped to see made up to-night, tbey would havo the £1000 that was due to pay on their Church, and that was his brief report. (Cheers). Authom, choir, " Fothcringay." The Ciiaiiiman then rose and said that he was told he was there as a representativo layman, but when he thought of the noble band of laymen who liad laboured and died not only here, but in old Eughiud iu the service of ¡Methodism, -he felt lie was not! worthy.to represent them, who were in their large-hearted liberality and their devotion and labours for "Christianity, better, and; abler men. ' Seeing, however, that ' theso: matters were largely of heart as well as of intelligence and-purse, ho did-not yield, in love for Methodism to any, for. alio was the spiritual. raótheritbat Véáned him. from the' world, directing his steps in paths of useful ness'and virtue, as she would surely guide his steps across the dark river.of death. He' had been told that it was said the Methodist Church was not respectable, he had heard of this saying, though he would say that no one ever cared to tell hira so. He. thought-it might not be out of place to say something; about this Methodism, and lie might do this without offence to the. Presbyterian or the Episcopalian, addressing à meeting of Wesloyan Methodists in connection with the opening of their Church. It was said Methodism was not resx)ectable. Well, lie would take it from the worldling's point of view and ask what was the worldling's estimate of.respectability. Was it noisome»' thing that had a lawful purpose, a widely extended, and a successful ono. fie could prove that the We?leyau Methodist Church had all these elemeuts to show .for its respectability. Its purpose was a legitimate one, for it aimed to train the child to be a godly youth, a manly man, bringing to his enlightened faith and consideration an assur» ance and à promise for the future. It had, lie contended, a lawful organisation and a legitimate purpose. On the grounds of its extension was it not highly respectable. There were many branches of Methodism having the same fundamental principles of doctrine, their differences being merely of discipline, all having one common centre with their differences every day becoming so modified that they could all stand upon a common platform for the common good. (Applause.) Ho then gave a rapid sketch of the progress of Methodism from the first English Conference in 1744 with its ten members lo the present day, when they numbered 25,000 ministers, 80,000 local preachers, and 15 million of worshippers old and young, claiming for it the character of being the largest evangelical organisation in the world, Qiid.maiutainng that Methodism was only snubbed by the supremely ignorant, .who, would not avail themselves of the in formation .to be obtainod from the labours of the, statist, and pointing* out the strength of the organisation in America, with its enor mous growth'from the date of tho war of Independence. Ho admitted that the other churches were getting on too, when the others did ivcll Methodism always did well, and that thero was coincident progress lie well know, and it was a matter which it was a pleasuro to him to know. The triumphs of tho Cross •wero of the most wondrous character, the Church was advancing against the infidelity and carelessness over which the Univoraal Church would establish an ultimate and final conquest. Thero were two forees in the world —Commerce and Christianity—which wore held to be antagonistic, but thero was no reason why they should not go hand in hand. Commerce without Christianity was a curse, with it a blessing. Christianity opens up a I wide field for commerce, which would succeed I with its success. Lands ovor which wo now ruled wore not worth a single halfpenny until the introduction of Christianity, and if they wero to tako rival courses, commerce must give way. Ho repudiated the doctrine that the newspaper would becomo the modern bible, the steamship the modern civilizer, and insisted that it was the Bible alone that set men free. (Applause.) He would point to Tyro and Sidon as an example of greatness built upon commerce alone. Ho continued urging the members of the Church to perse verance, claiming for the character of tho new church that of a protest in Wagga, which it held in comiiion with all evangelical churches which wero all doing the work of contending against infidelit}' and carelessness to the cause of Christ. There should bo no stronger purpose in the human heart, and they should strive to curry on tho work to a success, and dying leave it to their successors. Thoy would have opposition, which should act us an incentive to labour. When all went merry as a marriage bell carelessness generally followed. Ho concluded by urging theui to fidelity to tho church of their father and mother, which had bcou recommended to him by his matured judgment, and had stood by him to tho gates of death. Thoy would lind it the best church for them. They were bound to labour for it, and their labours would lead them to ono morcy seat, ono God, and ono Saviour. (Applauso). Anthem : " Where hast thou gleaued to» day." The Ciiaikman eaid the President would now address them, after which the collectors would go round. lie would recommend a course he recollected was adopted at a church where ho was during a collection when a very young man. He had a half-crown and half-a Bovereign in his pocket, and had mado up his mind to give tho half-crown, well they picked out half-a-dozen of tho handsomest girls in the congregation, and tho result was he being a young man, he gave his lialf-sovcrcigu and half-crown as well. , (Laughter.) Tho Rev. Mr. Clarkiî addressed himself to the remarks mado by the chuirman, with reference to tho spread of infidelity. He said he thought thero was a good deal more power in tho practical in fidelity than in the theoretical infidelity of the world. Whatovcr theories they may ; advance to show that Christianity must vanish and make way for something bettor, ho could only look on those who talked in ; that way as siiuply babblers, wliilo ho had so | many men and women to point to who had , been converted, and wero monuments of what the Gospel has accomplished. 33very con- I verted man was an evidonco of tho power and j truth of Christianity, which could novor vanish away. Methodism, they were told, was on ^lio wane, it was to bo the first Christian Church to vanish, but the Wcsleyan Church was still needed, and they claimed for it as a body the titlo of a church. He know it was said that it was not tho aim of Wesley to found a church, but to gather togoLlicr a society -within a church. But he was not going to pin his faith on Wesloy, nor live under tho shadow of Wesley, good and grand has lie was. Rowland Hill once lold his congregation that some of them hoped to bang on by tho sleove of his coat, but that he would disappoint them, so that they could not hang to him for ho would wear a spencer. Of course lie meant that tlioy wcro not to rest on his shadow. Wesley did not intend to create a distinct body, but a church was created through tho action .of the Holy Ghost, v It was not Wesloy, but Christ that created tho Wesleyan, Societies intoa church, and in their successful labours, their journies to. and fro, in their conversion of souls, they had thoir apostolical succession, and wcro formed by the Head of the church into a church. They, like others wcro indebted to all tho Churches that wont before. ' To the Apostolical, and oyen:to tlio Medieval, for thero was good done in the j dark days of that Church much as it was I abused. Ho pointed out tho number of | influences that wcro brought to bear upon Wesley's mind, his Oxford lifo, bis visit to tho Moravian Church and communion with the German mind, and showed how God in his providence brought him in contact with the in cisive minds of tho Trench teachers. All these influences were brought to bear, and all the other Churches in turn bccamc indebted to him. Wesloy was the apostle of experiment tal religion. Ho did not como to shape creeds, but to establish God in the hearts of men, not to break down heresy by logic, but to savo souls, and so he would call him the apostlo of experimental religion. Sir Clark 'pointed out how other agencies in the Church wero moved by tho Holy Ghost, the local preachers who felt the power of truth, and tho lovo of Christianity were used by God as instruments : to . save souls. They were, all agonts .of .thó samo class, all experiencing within themselves the power of Christianity, and tho power . of Methodism was in tho colleague of . the Minister, and iii tlio fellow ship of tho class, every mcinbor was an in* Btruuiont to oxtond the kingdom. It was sometimes 'said there were; thoso wlio should look after tho secular parts of the Church's work. Ho had no quarrel with tlio use of secularities," for the building of churches was tho oxtondinj* of.God's kingdom, and Method ism-was thé! first tóluse laymen, but.then it was a .small.¿matter; for tho Christian to attend to sccularitics' and not to the con version of sinueri. ; That Christianity had "done '.much for . us no one could gainsay. ' • Look , for.: .instance , at what . it. has done for the life,of women. The Speaker herb reviewed the position of women among Bayago peoples, and before the intro duction of Christianity, at some longth, and forcibly: contrasted, her degraded position without Christianity- in the world, and her glorious position when disenthralled by its influence. Concluding an oloquont address by. a number of anecdotes illustrating the duty and good of being an open-handed giver to God's work, the Rev. President resumed bis;seat amid the warmest applaitso. The Rev. Mr. Stead said it was with much pleasure he mentioned tho fact that 12 of the i Sunday School children had collected £1114s. 3d. for tho church fund. i The CnAinsrAN. then read an address from i the children presenting tho money, -which 'thoy':sauV hud been collected by. them; in recognition of the kindness that .'had; been manifested in making : the improvements in their school.. ; 'i -. ; Archdeacon Pownall, who was received with tho warmest demonstrations of applause, had to.confess that he was not a Methodist, but lib believed in the ; Catholic Church, and could conscientiously say The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ bo witli all tbcm that love Him in sincerity and truth.?' Such being Iiis faith he felt it would ho wrong on his part to; limit the Church of Christ to one special department, or to erect any barrier which would have the effect of separating Christians, as though systems of government and modes of worship were the true criterion of belougiug to the Church of Christ. He felt that all who love and serve Christ, no matter by whatever name they may be known by men, are members of Christ, and wherever two or three such members meet together in His name, there they had a branch of the one Holy Catholic and Apos tolic Church, the Church of which Christ had said, "The gates of hell shall not pre vail against it," and to which ho had given the promise, "So I am with you always to the end of tho world." This promise was tho glory of tho Church of Christ. . The Church was not made glorious by the beauty of her buildings, or the pomp and pageantry of ritualistic display. Upon this ho felt they were agreed, but ho felt also that they wcro agreed upon another matter that it were better to worship God in the barest barn, where Ho is present, than in the state liest temple in which He is not present. Still at the same time they should take care that nothiug was meanly or carelessly done in divine worship. If they decorated their homes, they should not' show less concern for the House -, of God. That which is ugly must bp offensive to God, for it is out of harmony with God's world, which is full of beauty! : Again, in building a good church, they expressed thoir rever ence f for God, and showed, to the outside world their sensé of the importance of diviue worship; He could also assure them that a good church building, if it does not aid or assist worship, certainly prevents distrac tion. It was a great mistake to suppose that devotion was fostered by that which was offensive to the eye, or irksome to the body. : In a perfect occlesiastical building you forgot the buildiug in its object j but that could never bo where you have tho essence of ugliness combined with bad ven tilation, narrow high- back seats, and other instruments of torture. It was impossible to feel, under the circumstances, that they were in the House of God. They had done well in building a house to God's glory. I3o would breathe for them tho earnest and fervent prayer that wherever they met for worship, the Great Master of assemblies might be with them; and that the prayer of the Psalmist might be auswered—"Arise, O 1 Lord, into thy rest,'thou and'tho ark of my strength. Let the priests be clothed with righteousness, and thy peoplej shout for joy." (Applause). Anthem : "Sing, Oh Heavons, tno;and chorus. Tho Chairman then called on Mr. Stead to address tho mooting, and referring to lus departure, asked them to look at that gentle;; man's self-denyhig; devotion to their work, which ho had carried to completion, knowing that ho would only preach for a few Sun days in it. Tho Rev. Mr. Stead, who was received with prolonged applause, said he was afraid all they would have to say about him when he went would be, that tho greatest beggar they over had was gone. Howevor, ho never begged for himself ; he could bog for Mis sions, and ho could beg for tho church, and bid them God speed with it when he wns gono, and he would ask them now to give for Christ's sake—for the sake of eouls. A collection was then made in cash and lists, the result being that with the children's collection and tho Suuday collection already referred to, tho sum of CI20 was acknow ledged by Mr. Stead as the amount derived from the opening proceedings. Anthem—" Givo mo tho wings of Faith." solo, duct and chorus. Mr. Stead then briefly referred to tho labours of the Trustees, the harmonious relations existing betweou them and tho contractor, Mr. Hardy, who had treated them in the most straightforward and gentle mauly manner, and ho stated that it was ! but right he should say that they were en- 1 abled to maleo such arrangements as would permit of their paying Mr. Hardy tho mom out iio formally gave up the keys of the building. For Mr. Sheppard, the architcct, ho should say a word, that gentleman having behaved throughout with much courtesy. Architects wero sometimes apt to be a little rough in temper, especially when tlioy liad half a dozen amateurs about a building, but lie should say Mr. Sheppard had been most gentlemanly in his manner, and always ready to yield to a suggestion whero it served them. Votes of thanks were then proposed to the Ladies by Mr. Itiley, seconded by Mr. Henry; to the Choir by Mr. Hollmvay, seconded by Mr. Ilowavd ; and to tho Chair man who brielly replied, saying that he was not such a great mau that ho was afraid to admit that he liked tho applause of his follows. Nothiug could bo better than a kind word oí approval, and many a timo when brain and body was overtasked it hail a ehcoriug and iuvigorating eil'ect. Where thero was special work to do, a smilo and a kind word helped to do that work. A. voto of thanks was then carried to Archdeacon Pownall and the Rev. President, and tho meeting broke up, tho Choir singing tho ^National Authem. We have had occasion before to write in terms of commendation of the manner in which the Wcslcyau Choir renders the solee» tioii of Sacred Music at tho annual meetings. The tiuislied execution of this Choir is uow so much a matter of common knowledge that wo need only say now, that tho several piecc3 rendered on Monday night wero received with the warmest applause. yam 