CHRISTMAS EVE-THE SECOND. TwEi.vn months huvo passed sinco wo loft John Holdsworth mid his wife nt Miss Bono's board- ing ostnblisbmont, and thoy lind not fnred well with tho young couple. Koto's prophcoy about tho lots of molloy John was to earn hud not proved a truo one, and tho wolf lind only boon kept from tho door by o long bitter struggle. Ho hud tried hard, vory hnrd, poor follow, to mnkc a comfortable home (or his little wife, but ho hud failed. Nothing wont well with him, mid n few weeks ugo, just as ho had recovered from a bud nttnek ol' colonial favor, a baby carno nt onco to cheer them, and to add to their troubles. Kilto was uimblo to go ont to her musio pupils now, and tho piano whian John had miiiingod to buy a fow mouths after his murringo, mid of which Kilto wns so proud, lind to bo sold to pay tho doctor. Thoir lovo had never changed, indeed ovory grout trial only scorned to ndd to its strength, but they could not livo on that iiluno. In iiironrs foi- rout for tho littlo uottngo thoy occupied nt 'Paddington, and with only a fow shillings in tho house, it w.n a sad Christmas ovo for them. Kate had ovorcomo her prido so fur us to call upon John's miólo n ¡"ow days »go, without nor husband's knowledge, and ho had recoived her harshly and cruelly. Ho could say what ho liked about her, but sho would not hoar a. hard word of John. And thou tho poor louder littlo soul bogan to roproach horsolf for inducing John to murry her, und sometimes wished that sho woro dead so that sbo would no longor stand in tho way ol' hor darling John's prospects. And so this Christmas ovo thoir positions wera ravorscd, und John, heavyhearted and almost desponding as ho wns, tried hnrd to nssumo a cheerfulness, which ho wns far fron: fooling. Ho lind boen odored that dtvy u situation nu supercargo on u vessel trading to chu South Sou Islands, und loth UH ho was to part from Iiis wifo, ho waa trying to porsunde her that ic would bo bettor for him to go. Tho salnry ollbred was ii good ono, and John bud arranged that this should bo paid to his »vife, ii' he accepted tho appoint- ment. No doubt it wa-: tho most stiitahlo thing ho could do under tho oireuinssnncos, but Kate contd not bear tho iden ol' John leaving bor and bilby. " You uro ull wo have, John," «ho cried, " and if you go nwiiy wo shall die. Only a little longer, darling, mid wo shall noo trouble you." Very toudorly did John soothe lu's wife, and thcro was n tremorn' in his voice us ho said, "Troublo mo, darling 1 You and baby aro tho only comfort l'vo got. Hut don't griovo so, my own wifo; lust Christinus ovo wns tho happiost of my lifo, and wo must try and koop up tue anni- versary as ohoorfully ns wo ann. 'Tis u long hmo tlint luis no turtling, and wo mast bo near tho cornor now. And tis tho worst thank God wo hiivo each other to lovo. I will not go to the South Suns if you do noe wish it, but X think, darling, it would bo best. I believe Cnrborry nnd Newton would givo mo a plnoo in tho Sydnoy ollico if J pienso thom, after ii fow voyages, and then think how cosy wo would be, wo tbroo Yon, nnd baby, ¡ind 1." lloro tho little pink bundle in tho cradle gnvoa faint cry, which his mother atonco attributed to tho superhuiuan intelligence of John's son and hoir. "And who knows," continued John, "but in tho course of n tow yonrs bnby and I mny sturt in businoss for ourselves. Holdsv orth nnd Son would sound radiar well I fancy. I wonder what undo would say thou, wife." Tlio dismission midod, just UH th nt on tho pre- vious Christmas Evo hart not entlad, hy John having Iiis own wuy, and Knto giving a tearful consent to his soiling on tho good ship Ann Onr bcrry in tho enpnoity ol' supercargo-"only for tho voyngo, mind," sue enid. As tho Ann Curborry was going to Bail in a fow days, John determined to go and BOO tho onptnin that night, in ordor to socuro tho situa- tion nt once. Bo kissing his wife, who waa but half reconciled oven now to hil dopwture, ho walked to tho street door, with moro hope in his heart than ho had felt for months. On tho dooratcp ho almost knocked down an elderly gentleman who was on tho point of ring- ' ing the bell. Looking at tho unexpected -visitor stolidity for a moment, John startod, mid tho cry of " Good God ! Mr. Cordon !" brought Koto with the baby in her arms to tho door. It wits no ghost who hud como to haunt thom thut Christmas Evo, it was really Mr. Philip Cordon who stood nt tho door, and remarkably woll ho looked, considering tbnt everybody had supposed him to bo dead for tho pnst fivo years. But it ¡B not pint of this story to tell tho ad- ventures of Philip Garden. It is Buffioiont to sny, that instead of committing suicide, ho had Slided to America, whero by dint of hnrd work and by wonderful good fortuno ho hnd succeeded in making sufficient money to pay nil his liabili- ties, and leave something considerable ovor to sturt in business nguiu. Ho had arrived in Syd noy tho day before by tho San Francisco mnil bout, und bad lost no limo in finding out tho whereabouts of his dntightor and son-in-law. Tho rest of tho evening wus spout in mutual ex- planations, and tho bells which nwoko tho Christians morning curried tho glad mcssago to no huppior hearts in tho city of Sydney than those of John Holdsworth and his wita. It would bo too much to ask the render who has followed mo this fur, to imagino tho surprise of Mr. Holdsworth, when ho roooived tba following invitation to dinner on that Christians morning. Mr. Carden prevent* his compliments to Mr. Holdsworth, and would bo glad of his company lo dinner this dajf, at G p.m. Hone Cottage, liliinh Street, Pitâdmi/tnn, " Tt will bo fcomotbing now to out my Christmas dinner with a ghost, Prisoillu," enid Mr. Holds- worth to his sister, utter recovering tho sonsos which lind left him ut tho sight of tho woll remombered handwriting, " but I think I shull risk tho experiment." And ho did risk tho oxperimont, ns did »Iso Miss Priscilla, whoso curiosity proved for onco too strong for her judgment, und tho dinner thoy ate did great credit to Kale und tho nearest baker. As ull tho members of tho party, except bnby, iu whom Miss Priscilla discovered a wonderful like- ness to her brother, owned thoy wero to binnie, thcro wits not much difficulty in effecting a bnppy reconciliation, nnd it turned out that til o coi nor of tho kino hud come ut lust, ns John prophesied. When Mr. Holdsworth suggested tbnfc they should tbnnk O cid for tho merci l ui wny in which bo bnd dealt with thom nil, there was no dissentient voice, mid thore were nt lenst five heartfelt ornons that night to tho glorious anthem of tho redemption ol' tho world, sung by tho silver-voiced angels to thc awo- struck shepherds on thc Plnins of Hetholom. "Glory to God in tho highest, pence on earth, mid goodwill among mon.'' 