: ' GERMANY. THE ' CULTURKAMPF ' IN PRUSSIA In Prussia the six following Bishops have been deposed by the Government: — The Arch bishops of Gnesen-Posen and Cologne, the Prince BiGhop of Breslau, the Bishops of Paderborn and Munster, and the Auxiliary Bishop of Posen. The proceedings against the Bishop of Limburg, and Bishop Nam zanowski are still going on. The Sees of Treves and Fulda are vacant by death. About buu members ot diirerent oraera and congregations have had to leave the diocese of Cologne, amongst whom are 120 priests, who had been active in the cure of souls. The following houses have been dissolved : ?^?The Carthusians in Hayn, near Rath ; the Franciscans in Ak-la-Chapelle, Hardenburg and Dusseldorf ; the Dominicaus in Dussel . dorf; the Jesuits in Aix-la-Chapelle, Bonn, Essen, and Cologne, the Lazarists in Cologne, Neuss, Munstereifel, Malmedy, Bedburg ; the Irappjsts in Mariawald ; the Eedempto rists in Aix4a-Chapelle; the congregation of the Holy Ghost in Marienthal; the Christian Brothers in Burtseheid ; the poor Brothers of St. Francis in Cologne ; the Alexian Brothers in Aix-IaChapelle. Besides these the following have been expelled : The Benedictine Nuns in Bonn and Viersen ; the Poor Clares in Derendorf; the Carmelite Nuns in Aix-la-Chapslle, Cologne and Neuss; Sisters of Notre Dame in Essen ; the Ursu° lines in Hersel, Cologne, and Dusseldorf; the Ssters of the Poor Child Jesus from 15 houses ; the Sisters of St. Charles Borromeo, from the orphanage in Cologne : the Sisters r-f : Christian Charity in Crefeld, Solingen, S*:eele, and Viersen; the Sisters of the Holy \- Vos's in Eath ; the Sisters of St. Francis in Villich, of St. Salvator in Muhlheim on the Rhine, and of St. Vincent in Norf, near Neuss. In the arclidioeeae of Cologne there ave 94 parishes without; a pastor, 61 without a curate. ? In the diocese of Padorborn 9U priests liave died' sinco tho May Laws, un& there are none to supply their place. In the diooeso of Munster 60 parishes are ?without a priest. In tho diocese of Trevea 140 parishes, with .1 6,573 Catholics, are without a priost. The whole diocese has. 731 parishes, consequently one-tifth of the parishes ate without a priest. Last year (1876) 25 parish priests of this diocese died, In the diocese of Limburg 17 parishes— in ihatof Hihlo3heirall, (with 6640 souls), in that of Breslau 64, in the Prussian part of the archdiocese of Olmutz 19, and in Signiam iugen 11 parishes are without priests, About the same proportion is vacant in the dioceses of Fulda, O3nabruck, Ermland, Gneaen-Posen, and Culm.— -Tablet, COUNT IIOLTKE's SPEECH. The following is the text of Count Moltke's speech, which has attracted so much attention :— Count Moltlro said : A portion of those who oppose the bill in ques tion do so not because they look upon it as being neithergood noruseful, but because they regard it as a fresh charge upon the military budget, which is true. Wo have already been told on the occasion of the first reading —and it is now repeated — that it is not admissable as a principle to grant in times of peace positions to officers which only be come necessary in times of war. To that I shall simply reply, that all these positionc of officers exist during peace because the officers themselves are necessary when war breaks out. (Hear, hear, and laughter). We have been reminded by one side of the Chamber that the French battalions are on a peace footing far weaker than ours. But it is forgotten at the same time that Ihe3e weak battalions are much more numerous than ours. Gentlemen, the total number of these battalions amount in times of peace to 487,000 men, while Germany, with a popular tion stronger by some millions, maintains only a little more than 400,000 men. Weak battalions are not at all _desivable from a military point of view. I believe that in France, even more than anywhere else, in telligent military men are doubtful whether, with companies of fifty or forty men, any* thing like real and satisfactory instruction in all the branches of the service is possible, besides the__ garrison service, which is inevitable It is true, on the other hand, that if it in desired to commence a compaiga with 1092 battalions, and if only 641 are maintained m time of peace, very strong battalions cannot be forthcoming, unless, indeed, expenses are incurred almost infinite and impossible of realization. Gentlemen, the military budget of France, with weak battalions, exceedo the German budget with strong battalions by more than 150 millions per annum. Making a deduction of supple mentary credits and of an enormous special budget, will even a rich nation like France take upon herself such a burden for ever, ok will she accept thos9 charges only with a preconceived object, and a certainty of events which are not far distant1? I will not examine that question. Those will be happy times when nations are not compelled to set aside the greater part of their wealth for the mere assurance of their existence— when not only the Governments, but the people and their parties, will be convinced that even a suc cessful campaign costs more than it can possibly produce ; for to buy material wealth with human life can nover be a profitable transaction. I. believe that the strength of Germany consists in the homogenity of her people. =It is true that we have on our fron tiers^citizens of the Empire not of German origin — the result of conquests, victories, and. defeato, campaigns and treaties — for the frontiers of a people are not fixed on any scientific principle. These citizens have fought aide by side with us Germans,, and with equal bravery, but their interests are not quite the same as ours, as we have been told oftener and at greater length than we wished. That being so, we should be foolish to weaken the Empire hj further aggrandizements instead of fortifying what we have acquired. It seems to me that the pacific tendencies of Germany are so obvious and ore so clearly commanded by necessity that the whole world ought to be convinced of the fact. But we must not for get that, in truth, great distrust of uo exists among our western neighbours. If you read the French journals, those who give the tone to the rest, you will find at the root of what fchey say, an antipathy against us. I speak not of the raillery and disdain which sometimes show themselves — for these senti ments are not justified, and they exiat only in appearance — but of what they do not oay, but in fact, think, and that is— that after France Ehas go often fallen upon woak Gee many, powerful Germany may ono day in its [turn fall upon France. That is the ex planation of affairs— that explains the gigantic efforto France is making to accom plish in a few yeara with so much unanimity and onergy- the reorganization of her army, that is why, omce the conclusion of peace, an extraordinary largo part of the Frenck army has baon cantoned between Paris and our frontier, the cavalry and artillory eDpscially being in a sfcdto of the beat possible prepara tion, and entabliehed quite cloao to our confines — a measure which, in my opinion, ought shortly to bring about a similar an-angeinent on our side. This remarkable fact must also be borne in mind, that in Francs, wheye the parties, which contend in ©very country, are in keener oppoai tioB with each othov than they ore with us, these parties are all of one mind on tho point all that is demanded for the army must be granted. (Hear, hear.) While we are here compelled to limit our sevea to making the smallest demands, in Franco the army in the favourite of the nation, its pride and its hopo. France has long forgiven the army for its defeat. I would not say that with us the victories of our army have been forgotten ; but, gentle men, beuring in mind that our army may be called upon to accomplish a like task, you must not be niggards in voting the necessary means for tho development of the anny in the present difficult situation. Our neigh bours appear to see the success of their arms in a future war in put overwhelming num bers. Thic is certainly a fact that must be carefully regarded. We, on the contrary, place our confidence rather in the conaeien~ tiouo instructions and aptitude of our troops. But France i3 in contestably superior on one point. All their numerous organizations made in view of war posseos in times of peace all their cadres. A measure is pro posed to you intended to supply this lacuna —in a small degree, it is true. It has been said that by creating these cadres we are not augmenting the strength of the army, ond that is quite true ; but it appears to me that those of you who have not taken part in the deliberations of tho commissions should feel convinced that we have a truly economical military organisation, and that wo only ask for things that are really desirable. 