THE (NOVELIST. DANIEL DERONDA.* BY GEOBGE ELIOT. BOOK VIII.-FRUIT AND SEED. CHAPTER LXVI. " One day Btill fierce 'mid many a day struck calm. -BUOWNIKG : " The Bing and the Book. Meanwhile Ezra and Mirah, whom Gwen dolen did not include in her thinking about Peronda, were having their relation to him drawn closer and brought into fuller light The father Lapidoth had quitted his daughter at the doorstep, ruled by that possi bility of staking something in play or betting which presented itself with the handling of guy sum beyond the price of staying actual hunger, and left no care for alternative pros pects or resolutions. Until he had lost every thing be never considered whether he would apply to Mirah again or whether he would brave his son's presence. In the first moment be bad Bhrunk from encountering Ezra bb he would have shrunk from any other situation of disagreeable constraint; and the possession of Mirah's purse was enough to baniBh the thought of future necessities. The gambling appetite is more absolutely dominant than bodily hunger, which can be neutralised by an emotional or intellectual excitation; bat the pagBion for watching chances-the habitual suspensive poise ot the mind in actual or imaginary play-nullifies the susceptibility to other ex citation. In its final, imperious stage, it seems the nnjoyous dissipation of demons, seeking diversion on the burning marl of perdition. But every form of selfishness, however abstract and unhuman, requires the support of at least one meal a day; and though lapidoth's appetite for food and drink was extremely moderate, he had slipped into a shabby, unfriended form of life in which the appetite could not be satisfied without some ready money. When, in a brief visit at a house which announced " Pyramids" on the window blind, he had first doubled and trebled, and finally lost Mirah's thirty shilling*, he went out with her empty purse in his pocket, already balancing in his mind whether he should get another immediate stake by pawning the purse, or whether he should go back to her, giving him self a good countenance by restoring the purse, and declaring that he had used the money in paying a score that was standing against him. Besides, among the sensibili ties still left strong in Lapidoth was the sensibility to his own claims, and he appeared to himself to have a claim on any property bis children might possess, which was stronger than the justice of his son's resent ment After all, to take np bis lodging with his children was the best thiag he could do; and the more he thought of meeting Ezra the less he winced from it, his imagination being more wrought on by the chances of his getting something into his pocket with safety and without exertion, than by the threat of a Srivate humiliation. Lnck had been against im lately; he expected it to turn-and might not the turn begin with some opening of sup* plies which would present itself through his daughter's affairs and the good friends Bhe had spoken of? Lapidoth counted on the iascination of his cleverness-an old habit of xaind .which early experience had sanctioned; and it is not only women who are unaware of their diminished charm, or imagine that they can feign not to be worn out The result of Lapidoth's rapid balancing was that he -went towards the little square in Brompton with the hope that, by walking about and watching, he might catch sight of Mirah going out-or returning, in which case his entrance into the house would be made eoBier. But it was already evening- the evening of the day next to that on which he had fireG seen her ; and after a little waiting, weariness made him reflect that he might ring, and if she were not at home, he might ask the time at which she was expected. Bat on coming near the house be knew that she was at home : he heard her singing. Mirah, seated at the piano, was pouring forth " Herz, mein Herz," while Ezra was listening with his eyes shut, when Mrs. Adam opened the door, and said in some em barrass ment " A gentleman below says he is your father, misa." " I will go down to him," Baid Mirab, start ing up immediately, and looking towards her brother. "No, Mirab, not so,"said Ezra, with de cision. " Let him come up, Mrs. Adam." Mirah stood with her hands pinching each other, and feeling Bick with anxiety, while she continued looking at Ezra, who had also risen, and was evidently much Bhaken. But there was an expression in his face which she had never Been before; his brow was knit, bis lipB seemed hardened with the ' same severity that gleamed from his eyes. When Mrs. Adam opened the door to let ' in tbe father, she could not help casting a look at the group, and after glancing from the younger man to the elder, said to herself as \- she closed the door, " Father, sure enough." The likeness was that of outline, which is always most striking at the first moment; the expression had been wrought into the -wrongest contrast by such hidden or incon spicuous differences as can make the genius ft Cromwell within the outward type of a -father who was no more than a reepestable 'Parishioner. Lapidoth had pat on a melancholy ex HPession beforehand, but there was some real wudng in his frame as he said Well, Ezra, my boy, you hardly know me liter so many years." I know you-too well-father," said ?Ezra with a wow biting solemnity which made the word father a reproach. Ah, you are not pleased with me. Idon't *onder at it Appearances have been against 5»e. When a man gets into straits he can't do just as he would by himself or anybody S ... ,ve "offered enough, I know," said 'Lapidoth, quickly. In speaking he always Wcovered some gubness and hardihood; and now, turning towards Mirah, he held out her Surge, saying, "Here's your little parse, my «ear. I thought yon'd be anxious about it Mcauseof that bit of writing. I've emptied U see, for I had a soon to pay for food ma lodging. I knew yon would like me to «!«» myeelf, and here I stand-without a nngle farthing in my pocket-at the mercy ot my children. You can turn me out if you "»e, withont getting a Doliceman. Say the word, Mirah; say, 'Father, I have had of you; you made a pet of me, and ?pent your all on me, when I couldn't have with you; but I can do better without P0*;-*8? that, and I'm gone out like a ?fir * 18ban't spoil your pleasure again." he had^nJhed."1 V0*CB M UBUa* before Al?*1 never say it, father," answered Mirab. with not the less anguish right ot republishing " D»nlel Deronda" has wircEaied by the proprietors ot " The Auitral because she felt the falsity of everything in bis speech except the implied wish to remain w the house. . "Mirah, my Bister, leave usl" said Ezra, in a tone of authority. She looked at her brother falteriagly, be. Beechingly-in awe of his decision, yet uu. able to go without making a plea for this father who was like something that had grown in her flesh with paia, bat that Bhe could never have cut away without worse pain* She went close to her brother, and putting her hand in his, said, in a low voice, but not so low as to be unheard by Lapidoth, ' Remember, Ezra-you said my mother would not have ebut him out" "Trust me, and go," said Ezra. She left the room, but, after going a few steps op the stairs, sat down with a palpi tating heart. If, because of anything her brother B&id; to hitnf he went away Lapidoth had some sense of what was being prepared for him in his son's mind, but he was beginning to adjust himself to the situa tion, and find a point of view that would give him a cool superiority to any attempt at humiliating him. The haggard eon, speak* lng as from a sepulchre, bad the incongruity wnich selfish levity learns to see in suffering and death, until the unrelenting pincers of disease clutch its own flesh. Whatever preach ing he might deliver must be taken for a matter of course, as a man finding shelter from had in an open cathedral might take a little religious howling that happened to be going on there. Lapidoth was not born with this sort of callousness : he had achieved it. "This home that we have here," Ezra began, " is maintained partly by the gene roBity of a beloved friend, who supports me, and partly by the labours of my sister, who supports herself. While we have a home we will not shut you out from it We will not caBt you out to the mercy of your vices. For you are our father, and though you have broken your bond, we acknowledge ours. But I will never trust you. You absconded with money, leaving your debts unpaid: you forsook my mother; you robbed her of her little child, and broke her heart; you have become a gambler, and where shame and conscience were, there sits an insatiable deBire; yon were ready to sell my sister you had sold her, but the price was denied you. The man who haB done these things must never expect to be trusted any more. We will Bhare onr food with you-you shall bave a bed, and clothing. We will do this duty to you, because you are our father. But you will never be trusted. You are an evil man: you made the misery of our mother. That Buch a man is our father is a brand on onr fleBh which will not cease smarting. But the Eternal has laid it upon us; and though human justice were to flog you for your crimes, and your body fell helpless before the public scorn, we would still say, 'Thin is our father: make wur, that we may carry him out of your sight' Lapidoth, in adjusting himself to what was coming, had not been able to foresee the exact intensity of the lightning, or the exact course it would take-that it would not fall outside his frame but through it He could not fore* eee what was so new to him as this voice from the soul of hiB son. It touched that spring of hysterical excitability which Mirah used to witness in him when he sat at home and Bobbed. As Ezra ended, Lapidoth threw himBelf into a chair and cried like a woman, burying his face against the table-and yet, strangely, while thiB hyBteric crying was an inevitable reaction in him under the stress of bia eon's words, it was also a conscious resource in a difficulty; just as in early life, when he was a bright-faced curly young man, he had been used to avail himself of this Bubtly-poised physical susceptibility to turn the edge of reBentment or disapprobation. Ezra sat down again and said nothing exhausted by the Bhosk of his own irrepres sible utterance, the outburst of feelings which for years he he had borne in solitude and Bilence. His thin hands trembled on the armB of the chair; he would hardly have found voice to answer a question; he felt as if he had taken a step towards beckoning Death. Meanwhile Mirah's quick expectant ear detected a sound which her heart recog nised : she could not stay out of the room any longer. Bat on opening the door, her immediate alarm was for Ezra, and it was to hie Bide that she went, taking his trembling hand in hers, which he pressed and found support in; but he did not speak, or even look at her. The father, with his face buried, was conscious that Mirah had entered, and presently lifted up his head, pressed bis handkerchief against his eyes, put out his hand towards her, and said with plaintive hoarseness, " Good-bye, Mirah; your father will not trouble yon again. He deserves to, die like a dog by the roadside, and he wilL If your mother had lived, she would have forgiven me-thirty-four years ago I put the ring on her finger under the Chuppa, and we were made one. She would have forgiven me, and we should have spent our old age together. But I haven't deserved it Good bye." He rose from his chair as he said the last "Good-bye." Mirah had put her hand in his and held him. She was not tearful and grieving, but frightened and awe- struck, as she cried out "No, father, no!" Than, turning to her brother, " Ezra, you have not forbidden him ? -Stay, father, and leave off wrong things. Ezra, I cannot bear it How can I say to my father, ' Go and die!'" " I have not said it," Ezra answered, with great effort " I bave said, stay and be shel tered." " Then you will stay, father-and be taken care of-and come with me," said Mirah, drawing him towards the door. This waa really what Lapidoth wanted. And for the moment he felt a sort of com fort in recovering his daughter's dutiful tendance, that made a change of habits seem possible to him. She led mm down to the parlour below, and said " This is my sittingroom when I am not with Ezra, and there is a bedroom behind which shall be yours. You will stay and be good, father. Think that you are come back to my mother, and that she has forgiven you -she speaks to you through me.' Mirah's tones were imploring, butane could not give one of her former caresses. Lapidoth quickly recovered his composure, began to speak to Mirah of the improvement in ber voice, and other easy subjects, and, when Mrs. Adam came to lay out his supper, entered into converse with her in order to show her that he was not a common person, though his olothea were just now against him. Bat in his usual wakefulness at night, he fell to wondering what money Mirah had by her, and went back over old Continental hours at roulette, reproducing the method of his play, and the chances that had frustrated it He had had his reasons for coming to England, but for most things it waa ft cursed country. These were the stronger visions of the night with Lapidoth, and not the worn frame of bin ireful son ottering a terrible judgment. Ezra did pass aoross the gaming table, and his words were audible; oat ho passed like an unsubstantial ghost, and his words had the heart eaten oat of them by numbers and movements that seemed to make the very tissue of Lapidoth's conscious ness. 