THE RETURN JOURNEY TO MELBOURNE.— MOODY AND SANKE Y.—BOS'I ON. Iby qtm travelling oorrksrostient.' My farewell visit to Now York wns very enjoyable.' 'The intense cold of December, 'and the early part of January, had been buo- ceoded- by bright gonial weather, which would ' have hiado out of door exorciao dolightful, but for the snow, whioh daring tbo slow -process of thawing convortcd tbo streets into rivers of slush, and made pedes trian exoroiso , extremely uncomfortable, while a-journoy upon wheels was ovon worse. ' But th'o sooioty in doors made ariionds for the ' discomforts ; of the streots, aud between literary entertainments, dinner parties, balls, Germans, andoconsional visits - to the theatre or 'opera,' I 'contrived' to pass a very agreeable, time -until tho hour came "when 'I' had to turn my.bapk.upon Now York, and onoe more head for donr old Mel- bourne. All roads , lead to Borne, says the -old -adage,, and it is possible to reach tho Viotoritin metropolis 1 by a great variety of waa. Not having soon Canada, I determined to take tho Dominion in my way to Aus-, trrilia, and to travol towards San; Frnnoieco 'by -way f of Boston, : Portland, ' Montreal, Toronto ; and - Niagara- Falls - to' Chicago, .Omkhn arid Salt Dalte City. The way was 'long, , nod ' the weather was cold; bat the plapes of interest which my route enabled me to, visit amply .compensated me for all my trouble and expense. ; ; I' have already described tho country be tween 'New -York add, Hartford,' and' .tho' only new featuro which atraalc me on .the last occasion .1 passed over that oft-trbddon .route was 'tho immetioo quantity of snow lying 'upon" the ground— forthero is n very perieptibld' difference in temperature as soon -as New York is passed — and tho nontuoss 'of the New. - Euglnnd villages', arid farm- teads.which was particularly noticeable after my-recent tour in Virginia. After passing; Hartford ..the country -whioh I traversed was' tab W: to' me. At Springfield, tho next important town after Hartford is passed, the., (railway; enters' tho State of, Mas sachusetts.- The; city is remarkable for. its. important i manufactures in paper, - 'iron, locomotives, ' railroad cars, arms .and woollen , 'goods, ' and ' for 'being the head-quarters of the Springfield Republican, ono), of. the best .'country newspapers in the whole Union.. ' , The manufacturing lion is the! United StateB .Arsenal, at which 2800 persons'are .employed,., aud in whioh rifles and, small . arms' of a quality not. to.' be ex celled '.By ! those in use in other portions of the world 'ore. manufactured.' America is as well up in "the arts of war as those of peace, - and, ,hor ..export ,of arms and ammunition to 'Europe . is on an .extensive , scale. Several cargoes have recently been shipped to Turkey and ,to , Busaia from New Haven and Pro vidence ;.,and if only the cash, were forth coming ' 'American manufacturers are quite ready to'provido the Moslem and the Musco- vitwith, the means of cutting one another's- throats.' !Fifty miles beyond Springfield is 'Worcester, a city with a population of 45, QO.D, -with handsome streets, all planted witli trees, with- many important manufao- toriea, and one of tho best schools of techno- logy in the United States. Professor Thomp son, who is in charge of the institute, lias probably paid moro attention to this depart ment of education than any other instructor in iKo' country ; and his methods, while not uinpng at mnkiug young men either draughts men) engineers, millwrights .or carpenters, gives th'cm just that amount of soientifio knowledge which enables tliom to apply the purely technical instruction they acquire in the' workshop to tho best possiblo advantage. More than this does not seem practicable until the' boy has either chosen a trade for himself or has had one selected for him by his" friends or relatives. In. the primary Beb'obl boys have nn opportunity of seeing various hinds of trades carried on, and various descriptions of machinery in motion. A lad is kept for 'a short time at carpentering, a short time at metal working, a short time at woodworking, andsoon. Itisexpeotodthatby tins-plan his peculiar bent will bo discovered, Mid -t-bnt bpth parents and boys will have some ..exact information to guide them in that infportnnt matter — the choice of a trade.; a step which, under tho old plan, was usually taken entirely in the dark. When it hasten determined that a boy should be come a carpenter, tho rest of liis technolo gical studies are devoted to thoso branches which will- be most useful to him in the trade which has been eelected. The techno logists and educationalists of Massachusetts have paid great attention to the educational exhibits at the Centennial, and they nro fully alive to the necessity of maintaining the high position which their State has al ready attained in inventions and mechanics. Before leaving New Y ork I had written to friend residing at Boston to put mo hrbugh that city, in order to enable me to ee- anything remarkable in as short a space if time as.possible, and the first thing that greeted me on my arrival at the Barker House was an invitation to be present at the " Gospel meeting conducted by Messrs. Moody and Sankey at the Tabernacle." Anxious to take, part in.a movement which enjoys .such, world-wide celebrity, I pre- sentad, myself at the door leading to the platform about half-on-hour before' the time at which the exercises were to com mence. i ' - , The career, -of Moody and Sankey in Great Britain .is .well-known to the majority of Vic torian readers.. Since the return of the two eyatagelists, as thoy are termed by their ad mirers, to. America, they have labored in the, large cities of Philadelphia and Chicago. The results, were very much what they were iu Xondffn and , Liverpool. There was a marked/increase in the attendance at the various' churches, and in the number of commfraioahts ; but whether or hot tho improvement is' likely to be permanent, or whe'oher the effeot3 of Moody and Sankey's adKainistrations have already died away, it is impossible to determine, inasmuch as no two- persons aro agreed upon the -facts, and Iheraost contradictory statements are made. Thereligious world of Boston woredetermined thntthe capital of New England, tho city of Theodore Parker, the head-quarters of Universalism, should not lose the opportu nity of- being revived, so they built a large tabernacle of wood and brick, one story high, and without galleries, but having at one end a raited platform; in the centre of which is a harmonium and .reading-desk. Behind the platform aro throe rooms — tho centre, whioh is also the smaller, is tho private retiring, room of -Messrs. Moody and Sankey, while to the! right and left aro apartments known as inquiry rooms, in which, after the Gospel meeting . has come to an end, any persons anxious to receive further information, or to obtain -spiritual comfort and advice, ore con- fronted- by a number of earnest persons, who endeavor to complete the work whioh the two evangelists have commenced. The tabernaole cost about £8000 to oreot, and will seat 5912 persons.. Upon the occasion of my visit every seat! in the immense building was filled, and- there wore, in addition, several hundred persons standing in the aisles. To lay, that th'o vast assemblage was perfectly orderly would bo doing but scant justice to the influence whioh Moody aud Sankoy oxer- cise. : The stillness was almost painful, and during .the pauses in the worship tho ticking of. a wutoh, or tho dropping of a pin, might have been easily heard. Precisely at half-past two p.m. tho choir song a number of hymns, in which the whole of she congregation was invited to join, but in '.which; as a matter of fact, a very small proportion took part, bo that the grand re- ' suit produced by a large number of persons singing, - the wonderful, X had almost written awfnl, effect of the unaccompanied human voice -of a vast multitude was wanting. After about a quarter of an lionr had thus been spent in singing hymns, Messrs. Moody and Sankey stepped forward. All eyes were turned to tho two evangelists, and I had a good opportunity of observing both them -. and their auditors. Tho latter consisted, to a very largo extent, as might be expeoted in a congregation which had met for worship-on a week-day afternoon, of women, and the, larger number seemed to belong to the lower middle olasses, the wives, mothers, sisters and daughters of small traders and well-to-do artisans. There were a few females who appeared to bo domestic ser vants, or tho wives of persons bolonging to the laboring classes, a few negroes, and a sprinkling of the wealthy. But the lower middle class, the same section of so ciety whioh attends tho ministrations of Spqrgeon in London, and Talmago iu New York, were iu the majority. Most of the men were verging upon tho sore and yellow leaf, tho few iu the prime of life appearing to be country-folks, who had come to Boston, and were doing Moody and Sankoy as part pf .the dissipations of the New England inotropqlis. Although tho names of Moody and Sankey ore invariably obupled together, they ploy a yor'vhiueqiial part in the .services. Sankoy isjtne'ti'reuentor j he does nothing more than icad'thh. singing ; ,the heavier portion of tho work, tho preaching and praying, falls -upon Moody, D wight Lyman Moody is a nativo of Massachusetts, and is forty years of age. Loft fathorless when- only four years old, he obtained a very partial education, am\ at sixteon oamo to Boston, whero he ob tained employment in a store. Though born n1 Unitarian, ho buuame when nineteen n convert. to Congregationalism; and soon after joining a ohitah, he felt anxious to induce others to follow his example. Frowned upon by tlio regularly ordained ministers of his denomination, ho gave himself up on- tirely to , preaching some ton years after his (irst becoming imbued with . religious senti ments. Siuoo that . period ho has gradually acquired a . great reputation, and at tho present time his name is -a house hold word wherever tho English language is spokeh. In person -Mr. Moody is the reverse of prepossessing. Ho looks like a man who enjoys tho good things of this world. Ho is verystont, with a round hoad resting upon a short thiok neok, unploasniitly suggestive of apoplexy. His voice is not musical, and his acoont is that of an unodncnted New Knglandcr, a sort pf cross between tho dialect of the Cornish and tho Welsh. Ho wears a round bushy beard, and. there is a twinklo in his oye as though ho could ap preciate a good joke, or a good dinner. Altogether a man after tho great reformer, Martin Luther's, . own , heart— one who loves "woman, wine hud song." Mr, Sankey is a man. of bettor appoaranco and manner, tall, rathor good-looking, with re fined features, not altogether unlike thoso of Sir Charles MaoMalion, although perhaps the honorable gontleinan would not feel flattered by the comparison. When Sankey , sings liis face lights -up wonderfully, and he looks both -handsome and dignified. Mr.. Sankey is a Pennsylvania!), of mixed English and ; Irish parentago, and is threo years yoiihger than , his colleague, having been born in, 1840. After Messrs. Moody and Sankey bad made thoir appearance, the former, read a few sentences from the Epistle of St. .Paul, announced the nature of tho sermon on the two succeeding days, and. then called '.upon Mr. Sankoy to sing a hymn. Satikey's singing is vory peculiar. His voice is warn, his method is inartistic, and at timos tlioro was a ludicrous resem blance between his stylo and tlint. of the Brudder bones, at an Ethiopian concert. But bofore long I. began to , understand tho' secret of the immense power which ho ' undoubtedly wields. It is apparent that .. ho .entirely loses, all conscious- ness of ; the fnot that he is singing before six thousand persons, and that he. is only, thinking of> the. hymn. The words de scribed the joy of the repentant sinner, and tho intensity Of feeling which tho singer threw into them was marvellous. Ho . seemed to realise that he was saved, that his repentance was accepted, and the joy of his heart found its natural vent in his song of praise. It ! was impossible to beliovc that Sankoy .was merely acting. One could , not help being carried away , by his fervor, his fire and' passion. ! After the singing, Mr. Moody commenced his, address. In uncouth and ungrammatical language, but in toues of power, and with an . earnestness which convinced one of his sin cerity, he described the workings of the Holy Ghost. How, when ; Christianity en tered into tho spirit of a man, everything evil was driven out. How graoe wns . the only antidote to. drunkenness and othor vice. Ho illustrated his , arguments by : several stories, Ono of them was an anecdote about his, own , little sou. . The mother eaw him playing with a '.pair. ' of scissore, and was anxious to take them away, Sho'thought that if she triod persuasion the child might hold them only the more tightly), and that ;if she employed, force he might hurt himself, no sho ran into the next room and got au orange. The child loved oranges even better ihan;play ingwitli scissors, and no soquor. was, tho fruit offered than the' dan-' gorous plaything was abandoned. "And so," said Moody, "if the.graco of God .gets into tho drunkard's ' heart, down will , go the scissors." Tho preacher was. very sovore on tho educated olergy. Dull orthodoxy was. the worst enemy .that Christianity - had to encounter. . He dreaded it more than any of the "isniB." Tho tendency of professing Christians in America was to have a flue ohuroh, line flowers, fine' singers and an eloquent minister, who, while he would, dilate upon the sins of the patriarchs, and tho vices of men and women who had boen doad for three thousand years, took excellent care not to preach anything that wonld shock the sensibilities of his pew-holders. There is no doubt that Mr. Moody tolls many homo truths, and this is one of them,., While tho ordinary remuneration of the ole'rgy in Ame rica is loss, whon the expensos of living are taken into consideration, than is paid to minis ters of religion in any other part of the world, a few who have great oratorical and rhetorical gifts draw enormous salaries. The price of pews at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, equals the amount given for opera Jboxes in London or St. Petorsburgb, and the incumbents of - some of the New York churches are clothed in purple and line linon, and faro sumptuously every day. But these gentlemen concentrate all thoir efforts upon . their sermons. The rest of their clerical functions! are systematically neglooted by them, and in this procedure they aro sup ported by the pewholders. One gentleman told me tliat he objected to bis pastor dust- ing bis time on the sick and poor who did not pay him, iustead of spending his time in elaborating and polishing sermons for tho benefit of the wealthy who did. In his diatribes against these apostles of the gen teel Mr. Moody haB the sympathy of his audience, whioh is not generally . com posed of the class whose snobbery and selfishness he so properly trounces. It is to his pluin- spokenncss aud his earnestness that he owes his influcnco. That it is very great no one can deny who has seen six- thousand persons hanging on his words (is. though their salvation depended upon their not losing a single syllabic. . Mr. Moody conoluded his address rather ab ruptly, wound up with a short prayor, and dismissed his congregation withahenedictioh. As I passed by his private room on my way out I saw scores of persons waiting their turn for an interview, while in tho inquiry rooms there were an even larger number, engaged in animated discussions' with tho various "workers," earnest men who endeavor to assist tho two evangelists. I do not feel called upon to express an opinion about the permanence of the effect that Moody and Sankey produoe. That is rather a question for tho divine than the journalist. But that at the present moment they are stirring New England to the depths he would be a bold man who would venture to deny. I attended a meeting of the Free-trade Club with the hope of disooyoring what, tho frec-tradors of the Hub had to any for them- selves, for . the oracles of the party in Ame rica bo rarely do more than argue that a time may como when the produoers and manufac turers will be desirous of cheapening the cost of production, that some protectionists have gone so far as to say, with a Wostern pro fessor, that "no man of brains . or judg ment believes in even tho theory of free-trado.'! That is not quite the fact, for David A. Wells, Professor IV. G. Sumner, and Professor Perry argue, not only that America, having overtaken the domestio market, and beiug a competitor with Eng land in tho foreign, is now in a position to do without protection, but that it was a mis take ever to have resorted to it. To my astonishment 1 found that tho Free-trade Club of Boston had abandoned for the. pre sent all idea of advocating thoir poouliar views, as they felt that the task was. hopeloss, and that they had docidod, for tlio/present at any rate, to concentrate all their- efforts on procuring a resumption of specie payments. I listened to a very animated discussion upon a paper written by a gentleman who con sidered tlint the best way to resume was to deprivo the bnnks of the right to issue notes upou the security of Government bonds, end to restrict the issue to the notes of the Government. I was asked the naturo of our currency in Australia, aud some little sur prise was expressed that the Govornmeut of Victoria allowed tho banks to lcoep tho issue of paper money in their own hands, and did not charge them anything for the privilege. I spent two or three days at Boston very agreeably. Tho Somorset Club is, par excellence, tho club ot America, and the Bostonians aro so l-omarkablc for their cul ture, their refinement and their hospitality that I regretted that my stay was so short. Tho society of Boston is as nearly as pos sible an ideal society. Men and women there hold thuir social po sition, not on account ot tlioir wealth, their birth or their political influence, but for their literary ability. Artists, profossors and men of letters lioid the lirst place iu the mloux of tho Massachusetts capital ; and tho question naked of a man is not how many qunrteringa of nobility ho possesses, or how many millions he has made or inherited, but tho sort ot examination ho passed at Har vard or Yale, the number of books ho lias writtoD, and the impression made by tbcm upon the world. A member of the Victorian woalthy lower orders would have a very poor show in Boston, 