HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, Juxy 4. The Speakeb took the Chair at 2 o'clock, pit was stated, in reply to questions, that before reserving the Swan Beach Bun the Government had obtained, a report as to the character of the country, and that they were otherwise informed that it was good; that a case in reference to im provements at the Murray-mouth bad been referred to Sir John Coode; that the Government would continue to furnish country Bifle Clubs with rifles free of cost as far as the supply would allow; that It was proposed to introduce a Bill to amend aud con solidate the heal Property Acts as soon as public business would allow; that the date of the contract for constructing the Rapunda and North-West Bend Bailway was April 7, 1877, that the line was to be completed July 7, lfe78. and that the penalty for non- completion Svas £59 per day; that the Government would arrange to have a telegraph operator in attendance at the Head Office on holidays, Sundays, and at night, and that they would also endeavour to make arrangements to speak the principal country offices at certain specified hours on holidays and Sundays; that men had been employed under the supervision of Crown Lands Hangers to destroy the rabbit burrows oh Crown lands near f.udunda and the : Burra, and that a Bill would b'e introduced without dtlay to provide for the suppression of the rabbi) nuisance. VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE. Mr. PLATcFOBD, in rising to move— " That this House is dissatisfied with the present Ministry"— was received with cheers. After thanking hon. members for their kindness in allowing his motion to take precedence of all others, he said he could assure these who had made such anxious enquiries after the state of bis health during the past few days that be was in remarkably good health. (Laughter.) He had been asked more questions on this point during the last few hours than during any other similar period of his life. Some hon. members had asked how his muscles felt, aud others how his pulse was. (Laughter.) He assured them all that he felt exceedingly well in himself, and that he also felt that in bringing that motion forward he was doing his duty to that House aud to his constituency. (Cheers.) It was often said that the tone and style which an hon. member adopted in making a motion of that kind gave a tone_ to the subsequent debate. He trusted that in his observations that day he would not give an objectionable tone to the debate. (Hear, hear.) He should certainly have to criticise the conduct of the Ministry, and very likely they would not appreciate his remarks; but he trusted he should not vilify them— (Hear, hear)—and he hoped that debate would be a credit to the Opposition aud to the Ministry alike. (Cheers.) He should divide his subject into two parts—the formation of the Government aud tbeir administration, and be should consider the administration part of the question first. If the Government had shown ability to manage the affairs of the country well the errors in their for mation might have been overlooked. But he should be able to show that they bad committed con siderable errors in administering the affairs of the country, and therefore hon. members would be justified in taking into consideraiiou the errors m their constitution as well. (Hear, hear.) The first point to which he should call attentiou was their alteration of the policy of a previous Government with regard to the leasing of education lands. (Hear, hear.) It would be within the recollection of hoc. members that a debate on the subject was origi nated last year by >lr. .Bees. The facts were that the Eoucaut Government had granted to the Council of Education a large quantity of Crown lands as an endowment under the Education Act. home of these lauds were granted in blocks of 5.000 acres each; but the policy of the Government was to subdivide them into smaller blocks before they were offered for any lengthened period. When the Hon. Mr. Everard was in office as Minister of Education the Council sent down the regulations to him, asking him whether he would allow them to lease these lands for eight months' commonage purposes, so that in the interval the lands might be subdivided and a rent got for them. The Hon. Mr. Everard consulted him as CoDimibiiioDer of Crown Lauds, and considering that no hardship would be done in granting com monage leases during the time the laud was being surveyed, he approved of that being done. But in the interval the present Minister of Education came into office, and he said he saw, or he pre tended to see, that the previous Government and the Council of Education were playing into the hands of the squatters by leasing the education lands in large blocks. But he was silent on the point that they only wanted to lease them for eight months—be kept thatpoint completely in the back ground. (Cheers,) He altered the policy of his predecessor in that respect, and in the paper which he edited he strongly commented on the action of the Council of Education- The matter was taken up by Mr. Bees, as he had already said, and in the debate which then took place the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Cotton) said—" He would state that these blocks would be ready for sale within a month." He believed the Commissioner of Public Works would not make a statement for the purpose of deceiving the House on such an important matter, but that he made the statement on the authority of the Minister of Education. (Hear, hear.) But were the lands ready within a month from that time? (Cheers.) Were they ready in two months? The fact was they were not offered for sale until July 14—nine months afterwards—and during the whole of that nine months the squatters got the use of the lands and paid nothing for thesn. (Cheers.) The Minister of Education had at Edith burgh estimated the loss the country thus sustaiued at £500. He believed the actual loss was nearer £1,000—(Hear, hear)—at all events, if that money had been obtained it would have erected a school and a master's residence in one of the districts so urgently iequiringthem. (Cheers.) The Commis sioner of Public Works made another remarkable statement, to which he wished tc call particular attention. It would form a kind of test for Mm— daughter)—and hon. members knew it was a good thing to have a test on such occasions. (Hear, bear.) He had taunted the Government with de parting from the policy of their predecessors, and said that if they did so they would most likely go wrong. In answer to him the Commissioner of Public Works said — " With regard to what Mr. Playford had said about their dc-partiDg from Mr. Boucaut's policy, and there fcreS going wrong, he was ready to tell the hon. member that in many particulars they would depart from that policy, and the country and the House would endorse their departure from it. He had shown in this particular instance that the country sustained a loss in consequence of the change of policy; and he was now about to 6how that in another departure from the Boucaut policy the present Government would not get the support of the House, and that was giving inferior lands to the Council of Education. (Cheers.) The 24th clause of the Education Act provided that the Go vernment should give the Council of Education by way of endowment 100,000 acres of land down, and that yearly they should have the power to give the "Council 20,000 acres more. What object had the Legislature in passing that clause? He would not give his own reasons, but would quote the words of the Minister of Education in asking leave to in troduce the Bill. That hon. gentleman said— " They would also have a scheme for setting apart blocks of land which they hoped would in future years prove material means of obtaining the re venue required for the educational system when it had become very much larger than it need be at the present time." The object was to obtain a revenue from those lands, so that the ordinary re venue might not be used; and in the course of the debate reference was made to the United States of America, where land endowments were made and education was free, not only in regard to the Common Schools, but also in reference to the University. As to the quality of the land to be given to the Council of Education, he would quote a question reported in " Hansard," page 7SS, when Mr. Kounsevell asked a question on tins point. ±ne Hon. member said lie "would like to know upon wliafc principle it was proposed to select the blocks—whether the land would be selected from areas as surveyed and thrown open to the public; or whether in the inte rior, where possibly the land would turn out barren and worthless." In answer Mr. Ward said— " Without unduly interfering with the purposes of agricultural settlement they would determine upon trie selection of such lands as would be of value for educational purposes. The Government in no way intend that these grants of land should be mock grants." (Cheers.) Land could not be of value unless it produced a revenue of some sort, and the question arose what was the quality of the land given by the Ministry which passed the Bill through the House, and of which the Minister of Education and he were members. When Com missioner of Crown Lands he made enquiries as to the quality of the lands proposed to be given to the Council of Education; he saw a conside rable portion of them, and he understood that the Surveyor-General was to set apart so much land of fair average quality. It was neither to be ail good nor all bad land, but a fair average quality; and he knew from having visited the South-East and the Northern partB of the colony that the land set apart by the Government of which he was a member was of fair average quality. On the other hand, he could prove that the land offered by the present Government was not of average quality. On April 14 last the leases of 50,000 acres were put up for sale at Gladstone—the very land the rent of which the country had lost the benefit of through the action of the Minister of Education. Out of the 50,COO acres put up only 13,003 acres passed into the hands of the farmers and 18,00(1 into the handsof the squatters. And with the exception of one block there was absolutely no competition for the IS.000 acres. It it were said—as it might be—that the squatters were getting this land, he would say the present Government were to blame for that. It would be as easy as possible for them to so frame the leases that only agriculturists should get the land. They could insist on certain conditions which would give the farmers the first chaDce and the squatter second chance, if he were to have any chance at alL (Hear, hear.) He would next refer to the speeches of the Commissioner of Public Works and the Commissioner of Grown Lands at Wil lunga. These speeches were after-dinner utterances, but they had a more than ordinary value. (Laughter.) No one would suppose the Commis sioner of Crown Lands would be affected by any thing he would take on that occasion—(laughter)— and he did not suppose that a man of such tem perate habits aB tne Commissioner. of Public Works would have his imagination heightened by the liquors he tooK. (Renewed laughter.) It ap peared that at this dinner there was either an Irishman or Scotchman whose name was." Mac," and who was of an enquiring turn of mind, and did not take as gospel all that the Commissioner of Public Works saia. When that hon. gentle man was spealnng "a voice" said, "I want to ask Mr. Colton some questions." The Commis sioner .of Public Works replied and said, "lam not going to answer. I am addressing the people of South Australia, Mr. McWhat's-the-name." (Loud laughter.) Perhaps at the next election the Commissioner of Public Works would not put Mr. McWhat s-the-n&me; down so easily. (Laughter.) He mentioned this fact to show thatlhe speeches were evidently to he considered as addressed to the public of South Australia. (Hear, h . __ „ , hear.) He would, now quote from the Advertiser. He would not quote from the Register^ because if he did the Government would rush at it as a bull at a red rag. (Renewed laughter.) Be did not desire to garble the reportand would therefore makA a rather long extract* The ComxzuBsiouer of Crown Lands was arguing against a leader that appeared in the Register, severely commenting on tne action of the* (toyernment in guttini^up for sale"atonetime 80,000 acres of land. jHe was quite certain that it tthe Minister of Education had been ^ Opposition when suclx a thing was done he . would have made, a great point of it, and would have allowed the Ministry no peace. (Cheers.) fie would have pointed out 'that it had not been done for years and years. He believed that the Ministry might have put the land into the market in smaller quantities; but he would not make a point of that'. The Commissioner in his speech said:—" Eighty thousand acres in various hundreds bad been open for selection from two to three years, and had now been offered for sale for cash 111 the : usual manner. The Surveyor-General informed him before the sale that much of the land was very inferior. If 7,000 acres' were sold out of the 8U,C00 he said he should do well; and in fact only about 5,501) acres were sold; and yet the Government were charged with selling or trying to sell in large quantities and in an improper manner for the benefit of the squatters." He would point out that the Commissioner of Public Works was either deceived himself or was deceiving his con stituents in not saying that the squatters did not go into the auction-room to compete, but waited till the auction was over, and then quietly took up what they wanted of the 80.00J acres, and no one was any the wiser. Then the Commissioner'went cn to saj " The Crown lands revenue of £51,000 for the month of February was said to prove this charge, whereas in reality that revenue was princi pally derived from payments made by farmers for selections and from the sale of township allotments. Another reason why it was absolutely necessary that this land should be offered by auction was that 20,000 acres had to be taken out of it for educational reserves. This area goes yearly, according to Act. of Parliament, to the Education Board. How, a f oimer Government and a former Commissioner of Crown Lands gave this 20.000 acres from the very best lands of the colony—the fertile lands of Wan dearah and other places—without giving any priority of choice to selectors, thus excluding the selector and favouring the squatter, who at once took them on 14 years' leases for pastoral purposes." Who was this Commissioner of Crown L-inds? Wasithimself? Was itthepresentCommissionerof Public Works? He wastheCommisBionerof Crowu Lands for a time. (The Commissioner of Public Works—" I think not") The hon. gentleman was Acting Commissioner of Crown Lands for some time while Dir. Boucaut was ic another colony. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton)—I have acted in every capacity. Mr. PLAK FORD—Whether, after acting in every capacity, he showed that he was master of all—(laughter)—he would not say. Jacks of all trades were generally masters of none. (Continued laughter.) He objected to these statements being made by the Ministry when making charges against former Governments, and yet worded in such a way that nobody knew who they were alluding to. The fact was that when the hon. gentleman made this charge he made it against- two or his own col leagues—the present Commissioner of Crown lianas ana tne present Minister ot Agriculture— who were the persons who chose these lands, the selection of which was agreed to by the Cabinet, and therefore the whole Ministry ought to be sub stantially responsible for the matter, if, as the Commissioner said, the land given was chosen from tbe fertile lands of the colony, which he (Mr. -fc*lay ford) denied, for there were only a few good acres sold, which were in Wandearah, and which the farmer mostly got as it happened. He had no right to .blame a former Commissioner of Crown lauds without specifying who he was; and if there was to be unv blame his own colleagues had to bear it, as well as the previous Commissioners. The Commissioner of Public Works continued "But the present Government had reversed the order, and said—'jLefc the selectors take their choice for two years, and then offer for sale by cash, and then let the annual 20,000 acres oi edu cational lands be selected from the remainder, and let, if you please, for pastoral purposes.'" It amounted to this—" Sou are.to iet these lands be open for selection on the conditions of residence and cultivation; you are to offer them for sale to anybody who chooses to buy them, and what nobody selects or buys at auction you are to endow the Council of Education with." (Cheers.) Did not this action of the Miuistiy counteract what the House understood at the time of passing the endowment clause? The answer of the Minister of Agriculture showed that it was in tended that the laud should be of fair average quality. The fact that he passed a Biii giving such land bore out the argument, and if the farmers were to have the fitst choice of the country it could he given them as quickly and easily under the Council cf Education as by their choosing it direct from the Crown. It was only to put in the lease certain conditions and it could be done. (Hear, hear.) The Ministry of tbe day on this point coun teracted the understanding arrived at by the House, and if the House agreed with him on this point he trusted they would express their dissatisfaction with the Government by voting for the motion. Then there was another point in which the present Ministry reversed the policy cf their predecessors, and he would ask whether this departure was endorsed by the House and the country. He alluded to tbe defences cf the colony. The Ministry of which he was a member placed the sum of £55,000 on the Estimates for the defences of the colony. The present Ministry struck it off! They made fun of it and said it would not be enough for the object in view. The i intention of the previous Government was to have informed hon. members when the Estimates were discussed how they intended to spend this £15,000. There were two points on which they had made up their minds—first, to import a large number of rifles, because they considered the old Enfields we had m the colony were not fit to arm our popula tion against any European force who might be sent against them, and they also intended to take steps for mounting the two guns which were at the Port. He would call attention to the very intelligent, sensible remarks made by the Hon. A. Blyth in criticising the Treasurers Budget on that point. He said—"They had knocked off £15,OIK) for defences. ('Hear, hear,' from the Treasury benches, ana laughter.) He was Borry it had been done, for though there were some people, it was to be re gretted, but uot very many, who considered that the insignificance of the colony was its best defence, yet he could not agree with them. Every community should look well to its defences. Indeed, he thought this duty second to no other. He also believed that the time had now arrived when this very important neces sity should not be lost sight of. Certainly the Estimates would have been able to bear the modest sum of£15,0UC. (Mr. Colton—'Kogcod.')" De cidedly not! a bit of good. But was their action endorsed by the country ? Most decidedly not The public meetings and what had been done since showed that. The result of not having kept this sumonthe Estimates was that they s.iouid have an excess paper coming down very shortly in which they should have to vote the money expended on the defences of the colony during the recess. But if this £15,009 was no good at a time when Europe was at peace and the rumours of war on the Con tinent had not come to a crisis, and there was every reason to believe that peace would have been preserved, what was the sum which the Treasurer brought down to the House without a blush— £21,000—when war had broken out and at any time tbe mother- country might be in conflict with other European Powers? That was not the only less the colony had sustained. It was well known, as lie had said before, that we had no rifles fit to arm our population against a European force; but the Government never sent for any until after the meeting at tbe Sturt Hotel had been held—until public feeling was aroused—until the meeting was called at the Town Hal), and then they sent to England for a supply of rifles, but now they had to get them out at a cost of £20 per ton by the mail steamers, which might have been saved by getting them out in the ordinary way if they had left the £15,000 on the Estimates. Then there was another point on which the Com missioner of Public Works would have to bear tbe blame more than his colleagues—the loss sustained by him as Commissioner of Waterworks in refusing to accept the decision of the Justices of the Peace on the Boord case and appealing against it to the Supreme Court. The Waterworks Act provided that when the owner of land through which the Waterworks were taken and the Commissioner could not agree as to the accommodation works which should beprovided, two Justices of the Peace should Jbe called in, who should visit the place, hear evidence, and give their decision as to the accommodation works which they considered ought to te provided. The Government of the day, represented by the Commissioner of Public Works, and Mr, Boord, of the Torrens, disagreed as to accommodation works which should be provided for him, and two parties—himself (Mr. Playford) and the hon. member for Gumeracha—were called in to decide the matter. They sat, and arrived at a unanimous decision, against which, the Govern ment appealed to the Supreme Court and to the .Local Court of Full Jurisdiction. Mr. Hannaford and himself felt that it would be a mere waste of money, and thinking that the Commissioner had . not had the facts of the case fairly placed before him they waited upon him in the Library of the Bouse, placed all the facts fully before him, and asked him, if not in justice to Mr. Boord, to save, the expense to the county and put a stop to the appeals which were going on. The Commissioner paid tnem every attention, out Pimply gave the usual reply that the matter would be taken into his most serious consideration. The Commissioner took it into his most serious con sideiatioD, but nothing came of it. The appeal went on and was heard in the Supreme Court before Mr. Justice Gwynne, and the Government were ignominiously defeated. His Honor stating that it was disgraceful on the part of the Govern ment to have brought the case before the Court. The appeal to the Local Court was then abandoned, the whole thing ending in unnecessary loss to the country. Then there was another point in which the Ministry had reversed the policy of their prede cessors—in the reappointment of Mr. White as J.P. So far as regarded the hon. member, he had known him as a member of that House for many years. Be had always treated him (Mr. Playford) with courtesy, ard he (Mr. Playford) had always treated him with courtesy. He had not the slightest per sonal feeling as regarded him; but as a member of the Government that agreed to the decision that no honest and straightforward course was open to them after the facts had been enquired into by a Jury who bad given their verdict but to remove that gentleman from the roll of J.P.'s, he did not consider he should be doing justice to himself and justice to the country unless he brought the ques tion before the House. And he said that the action which the Ministry of the day took in removing that hon. member from the roll of J.P.'8 was endorsed by the country, endorsed by the House, and endorsed by the "Press of South Australia. It was certainly endorsed by the country, because not one public meeting was held, and not one letter appeared in the papers ques-. ■ tioning the action of the Government. It was cer tainly endorsed by the Parliament of South Aim, tralia, because the Commissioner of Public Works in his no-confidence motion never alluded to it as a charge to be laid against the Government, and neither did any other member of the Opposition of the dayi and it certainly was approved by the respectable portion of the Press bo far as he was aware, which said that the Government had done ' perfectly right under the circumstances. He had heard it said that other Justices of the Peace had been guilty of equally ad l>%d conduct as Mr, \Yhite in blackmailing. Now he" did not know anything abput it as a iaet, and the Government of "the day had no right to remove any one' from the position of a Justice of the Peace on bare suspicion. As well might a thief in the Stockade say, "lam in carcerated here; and yet yon know very well there are plenty of thieves walking about the streets of Adelaide. Why are they not here?" Simply because a Jury of their countrymen had not con victed them. They could not take them up on suspicion, and therefore it was utterly impossible, even supposing there were other Justices of the Peace whose conduct was equally as bad as Mr. White's, for the Government, under any circumstances, to have removed them- on bare suspicion. He would ask—Did the House approve of this reversal of the policy of the previous Government, the reinstatement of tor. White as J.P.? He was quite confident the com munity did not; he was quite confident the Press did not; and he believed the majority of the Par liament, if they spoke freely, would say that it was one of the' grossest acts this Government had committed. He had now finished with, the ad ministrative part of the question. (Laughter.) WaDy other points could be brought agaiust the Government, but he would leave them for other hon. members to introduce who had more ability than himself. The second part of the question was the personal aspect ot the case—the Ministry and their formation. He thought it was a 'air pro position to make that, given a blundering Adminis tration, they could predict that it resulted from imperfect organization. He thought he could not better illustrate the principle than by referring to two expeditions which left this colony to accomplish certain work in the Northern Territory. One known as the Finnis8 Expedition—left here for the 5urpose of founding a colony in the Northern 'erritory. That it was a badly-organized expedi tion he did not think even the Minister of Agri culture would deny. The result was undoubtedly failure. The next expedition was one commanded by Mr. Goyder, the present Surveyor-General. It was a well-organized expedition, and it accomplished the object it had in view. So he thought, given a blundering Administration, they could predict that it resulted from imperfect organization. He thought he should be able to show unmistakably that the fo:mation of the present Ministry was objection able in many particulars, and he was sure the Ministry would not object to be judged by the standard by which they judged others last year. What was the chief charge that the present Com mh.sioner of Public Works brought against the Ministry whom he displaced? His objections were all personal ones, and "to prove that he would just read an extract from what Mr. Colton said when he introduced his motion of no confidence last year. Mr. Coltoa said—"He (Mr. Boucaut) must distinctly remember that he would go to the country upon one issue, and that was the way in which he had brought into power a certain number of men in whom the House and the country had no confidence, and not upon his policy." Mr. Cclton had heen commenting on the statement in 0" e of the Yorke's Peninsula newspapers to the eiicctthat if Mr. Boucaut was beaten he would go to the country, and that was the reply lie gave. The hon. member also repeated the same statement at die celebrated dinner at Willunga, when he said that, he did not oppose the policy of the previous Ministry, but blamed Mr. Boucaut for having gone to an opponent in the Upper House as one of Ins supporters. Had not the present Commissioner of Public Works com mitted an equally objectionable act in going to the present Chief Secretary, who was an equally strong opponent of the same policy? He kuew that it might be said that the present Chief Secretary was not an opponent of their public works policy, but only an opponent ot their financial policy; but the Chief Secretary was singled out by the Commis sinner of Public Works, the Minister of Agricul tu;e, and by Mr. Boucaut as their chief opponent in the Legislative Council. And Mr. Morgan in the Council made the following oiler to Sir Heury Avers, and he was quite sure he would not have doueitif he had not seen his colleagues about it berore. He said—"If he would resign his position in the Legislative Council and go to the country he (Mr. Morgan) would resign his; or it ne liKea Mr. Boucaut, the Premier, would resign his, and let the country decide who was right and who was wrong." That certainly showed that the Ministry of which Dir. Boucaut was a member looked upon Sir H. A-trs as their chief opponent. That he was an opponent of their public works policy there could be no mistake. In reply to the challenge of Sir. Morgan, the present Chief Secretary in the la3t speech which he made in the short session of Par liament said—"He had been asked to resign and stump the country with Mr. Boucaut, but he was not in a position to go and stump the country with him. Mr. Boucaut had offered the country iCUHiO.OOO, hut he was not in a position a I'd his conscience would not allow him to recommend the expenditure of £3,000,000." DM n:iy one suppose the lion, gentleman had any conscience at all who knew what the facts were, that within twelve months he offered the country more than £3,000,000—three million one hundred and odd thousand pounds—in the policy which he h:ought down on public works, and yet the piesc-nt Commissioner of Public Works blamed. Mr. Boucaut for going to an opponent in the Legis ts'he Council for one of his principal supporters when he bad himself joined the very man that he hi d singled out as the chief opponent c£ a policy whith he acknowledged to be right. Rethought the Government had no reply to give to that. Then th?re was another charge wnich had been made by the Commissioner of Public Works against the previous Ministry that there were too many Bank Dirfctorsiu it In 1819 he said—"The present Ministry contained two Bank Directors, one of witt-m was Chairman of the Bank. He (Mr. Bot csui.) had command of the purse-strings for a lit ,u time, and he knew how important it was that tt o Treasurer should be distinet and apart from tit- bar king pt afession. A considerable little game m - it s be played, not knowiugly, but carelessly. H-'uian nature was human nature—a deffniticu wit icii Mr. Sirangways said was as clear as mod al d although he had the greatest confidence in the Tr. i.surer as a very honourable man who would rift Lake advantage of anybody yet he thought that it was very undesirable that there should be two Bank Directors of the Bank with width the Government did business. He (Mr. Coh.on) had to bargain with the Banks and say. ' I have sixty or a thousand pounds' worth of bonds to sell' and the present Treasurer is in a position to do that. He said distinctly he was not, and tha„ no member of the Government should be in the position that Mr. Blyth was." He was not going to say whether there was anything m that or iioi. but he did say that- if it was an objection that the Treasurer of the day should be a Bank Director bci a use the Bank of which he was a member might get an advantage over the other Banks and the co-.ntiy might lose in consequence, was it not een.-hy improper that the Commissioner of Pin lie Works for the time being should, be tli<\- head of one of the largest iron fiiii s in the colony? (Laughter and Hear, hear.) Id lirat same speech Mr. Colton said, "There was tco much of the squatting element in the Govern ment." What squatting element was there? There w;..-: only one squatter in that Ministry, and that was Mr. Hawker. There was also one squatter in the present Government, and was not that an equal ol .ji etiou ? (Laughter and ".Name.") The Treasurer. (Loud laughter.) Now he came to a point in which no parallel could be drawn between the last Mbi.stry and the present, and that was the combi nation between the present Minister of Agriculture and the Treasurer. Hon. members were well aware of what took place at Teatree Gully in the District of Cumeracha. (Sir. Richards—" When?") He diu not know the exact date, and it was a matter of pe< feet indifference to him and to his argument whether it was six months or two years ago. At this meeting—on a public platform and in the presence of a large concourse of people—the present Minister of Agriculture and Education calitd the Treasurer—well, he (Mr. Playford) wculd not foul his mouth with the words—hut he called him that which if true would have branded the Treasurer as being unfit to represent a constituency and totally unfft to be in any Ministry. The point to which he wished to direct attention was that the Treasurer had joined the Minister of Agriculture without having received as public an apology for the gross affront as the offence was pubiic. (Gheeis.) The Treasurer was called this vile name — and he believe! it was a vile slander—upon a pub ic platform, and yet he joined the man who had employed it without receiving a public apology. If the Minister believed what he said about the Trea surer was true he had no right to join him, and if he believed it was not true he would as a man and a gentleman—if be was either one or the other— have publicly apologized, There was no parallel of that kind between the late and the present Ministry. He bad not exactly done with the Minister of Agriculture and Education yet. The hon. member had made a great many statements at meetings in tfcecouutry which were not strictly true—to put it in the mildest possible form—and he also made state met ti in that paper of his in which he vilified members to a most frightful extent. If the hon. gentlemen was called the names that he called hon. members he would get up and say what he had witii regard to the Yorle's Peninsula Advertiser. This was how he spoke of hon. members last week in reference to this motion—"A few profes I si on a 1 crisismongers and placehunters in the ! House of Assembly." Now who was the | greatest placehunttr in the House at one ! time i (Cheers.) Hie (Mr. Piayford) would I place hiB career against that of the hon. : member. Did the Minister of Agriculture ever refute to join a Ministry when he had a chance? (Mr. Waid—" Yes.") Did he? He would like to know when that was. Talk about professional ! crisismcngers—there was never any greater crisis * monger in any Opposition than the hen. member mmst it. in oraer to catcu certain votes toe Minister of Agriculture had taken occasion to utter one of the vilest slanders ever utteied against him (Mr. Flayford). He did not kno-.v how the charge originated—it was made current before the hon. member's paper appeared—but it was to the effect that this motion was the result of a squatters' conspiracy. (Mr. Richards—"Hear, hear.") He heard that the hon. member as the page of the Minister of Agriculture had industriously repeated the statement that he (Mr. Flayford) was the tool of the squatters. (Mr. Eichards-"Hear, hear.") It was one of the greatest falsehoods ever uttered. (Cheers.) Could auy man say that as a Minister of the Crown he had ever -worked into the hands of the squatters? (Mr. Ceglin—"No, never;" and laughter.) Would any man in the House say that he was a likely man to work into the hands of the squatters? (No.) It was most objectionable to get up these class cries at rimes like these. He had thought that we had lived down the pitting of dassjagainst class. Hebelieved that everyjhonest yeoman in South Australia was as anxious to see justice done to the squatters, as he was anxious for the squatters to do him justice. . He believed that the squatters were willing to give place to agricul tnre as it advanced, (Cheers, and No.) He had been court&usly; and hospitably received by a squatter—(lona laughter)—and at the same time he had indited a telegram taking away half his run, mid he bad never objected. He thought he had. shown cases of bad administration which had teen injurious to the colony, and from which the colony' ha4 sufifcre^ iq&s;, He had shown (hat the filiate try must stanS condemned ft they were judged bv the same standard and theonly standard by which thjsy judged the last Ministry; and he was confi dent that the: great majority^of the people were against them. (Cheers endcnes of "No.") There wds only one dCase: by which he could prove his position, it was ditficuit to make assertions, of this kind and prove them. (Derisive cheers), At the Legislative Counril election which took place ope man—Mr." Morgan—came'forward as thechief and nnmistakable opponent of. the Ministry. (Cheers.) But what was the result} He was triumphantly returned at the head of the, polL Then there was no doubt that all the respectable portions of the Press were against the Government; and as far as the Press was concerned he honestly believed that the Press expressed the public feeling of the country. (Cheers and cries of No.") .Hon. mfembers might say "No" if they liked; .but perhaps they wonld prove it. (An hon. member— "You do that.") He believed also that a maj ority of the Parliament were opposed to them—(cheers add cries of No")—aud by the unmistakable vote of that day would show that they were, ((laughter.) And he did not mind making this assertion, that the Chief Secretary would fall as unregretted and as unsympathized with as the late Chief Secretary of Victoria, Sir James McCul lojch. (Cheers and dissent.) . !Mr. BASEDOW, in rising to second the motion then before the House, wished to express his regret that the occasion should have arisen for putting that motion at all. He would further like to say that he regretted any change of Ministry, because he believed that a I change of Ministry was generally unde sirable — (cheers) — and should be avoided if possible. Nevertheless, he rose to second the motion, and did so from the conviction that he was . d6ing his duty. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that hon. members would give him credit for sincerity in every word be was about to utter, for he had a full conviction in what he was going to say. (Hear, hear.) Personally the present occupants of the Treasury benches had been very friendly towards him. He did not complain of tnem as gentlemen, but at the same time he did believe that they were not the right men in the right place. (Cheers.) In tiie first instance, he believed that the present occupants of tbe Treasury benches ought not to have taken their seats there at all. (Hear, hear.) He was present in the House when the chauge of Ministry took place last year, and listened to the whole of the debate that took place at that crisis; and he came to the conclusion that the present Ministry sat on the Treasury benches that day on.a fake issue. Tbey were displaced not on a question of policy, but on personal grounds, as " Hansard" , would show. Then he fully expected that the formation of the new Ministry would be carried opt on the principle enunciated in the debate in the House, aud that the new Ministry would not have committed the same offence—if offence it was —as tlratwith which they charged their predecessors. Had they ousted the former Government on a question of a policy the case would have been very different; but they distinctly abstained from going into that question at all. More than that, they adopted the policy of the previous Government, and had since then been carrying it out. (Mr. Bess—"No.") At any rate they had been substantially carrying it out. Air. (Boss— '"No.") He gave credit to the Opposition for allowing the MiniBtry to carry out that policy,, aid not offering any factious antagonism, thus allowing the business of the country to be pro ceeded with. It might be said that it would be a mis foitune for the Alinistry to be ousted that day; out ifgiiiey were not the right men in the right place the present was just the time when a motion of the present kind ought to be brought forward, aiid the sooner the matter was brought to an iesue the better, so that the new Ministry might' prepare a policy to go to the country with at the general elections which took place nine mouths taerxe. (Hear, hear.) That the present Ministry had no policy of their own would, he thought, be endorsed by most hon. members in that House. Taking them singly, most of them were not able to iili properly the places they held. In the first place there was the Chief Secretary. He (Air. Basedow) held that the Chief .Secretary ought to be the helmsman of the State—a man with a decided policy oi bis owd, a man of principle. (Hear, heaT.) He believed he was not saying too much when he astened that these, qualities were not to be found in the present Chief Secretary. (Cheers.) Over and over again it had been asserted in that House that the Chief Secretary had expressed certain political views at one time and others at another; he had gone in for a certain line of policy in one session at a time when there was a certain Ministry in power, and had expressed exactly the opposite views when a different Ministry was in power. (Cheers.) If the Chief Secretary was faiiing as the helmsman of the State the House and the country could not rely on him to steer the State ship powerfully and manfully aud honestly —or at auy rate to the best of his convic tions. (Cheers.) He did not say that the helmsman ought to be expected to steer in ilia light direction always, but he ought at least to steer in that direction which he con sidered the rfeht one. (Hear, hear.) If he steered in one dircx :.u at one time and in a different diiection another time, then the Housejhad reason to believe that he was not following the dictates of his own convictions. (An hon. member—"The wind changes;" and laughter.) Then there was the Treasurer. All would admit that a Treasurer should be thoroughly master of iiuance. (Hear, Lear.) Although he admired the present Trea surer m some respects, yet Mr, lioss was not in his opinion a master of iinance—(Hear, hear)—at least he was not showing that he was in his management of the br^nces of this country. (Cheers.) The Treasm came forward in that House last session and asserted that our finances wi-.re in a satisfactory state, and that we could go on in the way we were for years and years to come. TV hat was the true state of the case ? He found by pa;:; rs laid on the table of that House that we were short of nearly £100,000 iuthe revenue oE last year. (Mr. Colton—*'How do you know?") He took the figuies from papers that had been laid on the taij;e of that House. In those papers he found that the revenue of last year, ending March 31, was £132,636 4s. lid., and the expendi ture for the same period £204,458 12s. 101, thus leaving a balance on the wrong side of £71822 7s. lie. He presumed that when the last quarter was added, which had not yet been done, we should net he very much short of £100.000 on the defi ciency. Besides that, he found on looking through, the listimates that the Treasurer, of course with the consent of his colleagues, intended to increase the expenditure of the coco try for the next year by about £40,000. (Mr. Coglin—" Very proner, too;" am" laughter.) To meet that expenditure he did not tee where the revenue was to come from. (Air. Colton—1" Hear, hear.") He trusted that the Tr< usurer when making his financial speech would gite the House these particulars—(Air. Boss — *' Hear, hear ")—but as far as he could see all this inl'jjmation was yet wanting. (An hon. member —"It's not the proper time yet;" and laughter.) The listimates for last year amounted to £1,131,781 ltli. Od., and for the present year the sum proposed was ±1,171,699 3s. Id., being £39,917 12s. 7d. in exrets of iatt year's. Me expected, or at least he wa ■> afraid, that this sum would be mateuaily in creased by the items yet to come forward on the Su;jpiementary,Eetimates. As to the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Colton), he believed that hon. pen lemen was open to several charges of short comings. (Hear, bear.) He did not mean to say tiias the House expected the Commissioner of Public Works to be perfect, but still the hon. gentleman had been guilty of many shortcomings wifchbe oughtto haveavoided. (Cheers.) In one matter especially had the hon. gentleman been remits, and that was in reference to the building of the new Houses of Parliament. (Cheers.) It was very wrong of the Commissioner of Public Works to allow the. building to be begun just before Parliament assembled, a lie to take upon himself to devote more than £120,000 to that purpose. (Hear, hear.) Thi-.t was a serious matter: and he held that the Commissioner of Public Works ought not to have commenced the buildiDgs so shortly before the opening of Parliament without its sanction. He Leber ed the buildings ought not to have been commenced. The SPEAKER—Unless the hon. member is prepared to move a motion rescinding the resolu tion arrived at the other day he is not in order in commenting on it. ' Mr. RAMSAY—Is it not competent for him to refer to the action of the Government in this matter, which is one of policy. (Cheers.) : The SPEAKER—'The House by the resolution it passed last week has condoned the action of the Government. If the hon. member wishes ro bring the matter forward on another occasion, with a .view ;o rescinding what has already been agreed to, be may do bo. The Hon. L. GLYDE—I respectfully submit ;that on motions of no confidence it is usual to allow ihe fullest debate ou all actions of the Go ve»£ii-cnt. The SPEAKER—Yes; but in this case the Houee has decided in favour of a resolution, and unless the hi i). member moves to negative that vote he is not hi otder. lie Hon. L. GLYDE—I beg most respectfully to print out that this ruling is contrary to all! ever heard in this House : The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hen J. ColLon)—I rise to a point of order. (De risive cheering.) The Hon. L. GLYDE—I am in possession of the ci air. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton)—But I rise to a point of order, and (Opposition cheers and groans.) The SPEAKER—The hon. member for Victoria . is in possession of the chair. (Opposition cheers.) i The Hon. L. GLYDE—Quite so. (Laughter.) I respectfully submit that for 20 years past the custom during no-confidence debates has been to allow leferences to any previous debates—even to debates that took place on the previous day; and I respectfully submit that Mr. Basedow is perfectly ' in order in referring to the erection of the new Parliament Houses. Mr. TOWNSEND—I submit that the hon member is perfectly wrong. The 185th Standing Order is as follows" No member shall reflect upon any vote of the House except for the purpose ; of moving that such vote be rescinded." That, : Mr. Speaker, supports your ruling. (Ministerial I cheers.) r Mr. MANN—I wish to ask whether the hon. | member Mr. Basedow was reflecting on a- morion passed by the House. He was reflecting on the action of the Government (Criesof "Order.") The SPEAKER—He was reflecting on a vote of the House. Mr. BASEDOW was sorry he had transgressed the rules of debate, but had no intention of doing so. He would point out that the question had not been finally decided in another place, and he would remind hon. members-that they would have a chance of discussing the question again when the money was asked for. (Hear, hear.) When that particular item came before the Houbc he should certainly express Ins opinion on it. fie only - referred to the erection of the Parliament Homes to show that-fiie Commissioner of Public Works had done wrong, in'respect of them: He had also dweXuiVBE W»i WNm m fee 1 building of the Gawler Station and the retarding of the erection of the goods shed., _The_ money for that work was voted in 1874. • (Ministerial cheers.) If! former Governments had been at 'fault this one —whose members proclaimed " themselves "k .'Ministry of action"—(laughter)—.should have rectified the sins of' their, predecessors. But they did nothing of the kind. Last session, Mr. Dunn and he . asked questions ,sCnd tabled motions, andwere assured that the building shoidd be erected without delay.' The fact was it haa only, just been commenced. Only on the'previous day a. deputation from Gawler waited oqthe Commis sidner of Public Works to lmow why the goods Shed; shoul d'be smaller than hitherto wMie the traffic was increasing. (Mr. Colton—"No.") He believed theteDder was accepted for a building 150 feet in length, and then it was decided to reduce it to 100 feet in length. The deputation asked the reasons -why, and the Commissioner of Public Works cbolly told them it had been done- against his will—that be had accepted a tender fora building ISOfeet, and that without his will and his knowledge the plans had been reduced and altered. (Mr. Cotton—' Not altered.") This showed there was a lack .of dis cipline in the office, and if these things were done in, a small way they would be done in larger things .aawell. (Hear, hear.) That was his reason for' mentioning such a small matter. (Hear, hear.) He did not intend to say much against the Com missioner of Crown Lands. In fact he rather.Uked that gentleman—(laughter)—who deserved credit far the way in which he had brought in the Land i Bill, and who generally did his duty as far as his 1 ability went. (Hear; hear.) Turning to the Edu ction Department, there was much to complain of. Iq the first place there seemed to be a want of understanding between the Minister and the Cpuncil of Education. (Cheers.) 'Mr. Flayford had hinted at the Minister making certain state ments for which he was called over the coals by the Council. (Hear, hear.) The Minister found he was on the wrong side, and he had to apologize to the Council. (Mr. Ward— "No.) His firm belief was that the Minister of Education did not understand the Edu cation question, whatever his other abilities might bp—(Hear, hear)—and when his motion came on for discussion he should go further into the ques tion. He believed that our present education system was drifting into a system never contem plated by the Legislature when the Education Act wias passed. It was then intended that the position of ihe teachers should be Improved. (Mr. Ward— So it is.") He demurred to the statement. It was true that if they looked into the report of the Council of Education they would find that in answer to the circulars sent only but one teacher said he was not satisfied with the new state of affairs. But the return did not show how many teachers were satitSed. (Mr. Bees—"Nor how many . dare say they were not.") The way they were now dealt with was not the way to encourage them to make their complaints known. It did not follow that there were no complaints. He believed that if a Commission were appointed to investigate the matter, and that every teacher was allowed to rqake a statement exactly according to his convic tions, we should hear quite a different tale. (Hear, hear.) The financial side of the question was not the most important. Morally, the position of the teachers was not improved under the new Act. At present they were haudicapped by regulations in every direction. A teacher might be dismissed at ahy moment, and might be sent from one place to another at the will of the Council merely. In some cases a teacher was dismissed without an investi ghtion taking place. Why should he not first be suspended until hiB case was properly investigated! A teacher was not allowed to conduct an evening school without the permission of the Council and he must write and ask, them for their leave befcre he could charge ' for lesions. They fixed the fees he had to charge. Then he was not allowed to take boarders without their permission. What right, be would ask, had the Council thus to interfere with a man's private business? At the opening of the North Adelaide school the other day some statements were made, which if founded on fact would be very promising indeed for our educational system. He did not believe they were made with the intention of misleading the public, but that the gentlemen who made them believed they were speaking facts. Still he believed the statements were full of delusion. What had been the real results of the Education Act? From official returns he found that at the end of 1874 there were 320 schools in the colony; at the end of November, 1875,268: while at the end of 1876 the number had decreased to 217. How was that ? Why should it be, while Parliament and the people were willing to grant any amount of money required? (Cheers.) At the end of 1874 there were 313 head teachers in the colony; at the end of 1875, 267; at the end of 1876, only 252. He hoped the Minister of Educa tion would be able to explain these thingB when he replied. (Hear, hear.) As to the Dumber of children, he found there were 24,685 at school in 1874, while at the end of 1S76 there were only 25.SS9 attending the public schools. ■Mi. HANK AEOBD rose to a point of order. 'l'he SPEAKER — The remarks of the hon. nu mber for Barcssa would certainly be more appropriate on his motion on the subject. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BASEDOW said his object was to show that pu blic education had not made such progress under the new Education Act as was expected, andthefault was in the head of the department. (Hear, hear.) With a Parliament ready to vote any amount of money required, and with a people anxious that their children should be educated, he did not see why better results should not have been obtained. He felt that the money voted by Parliament bad in seme sense been squandered. A great point had bctn made of 49 schools having been erected. We did not want a Minister of Education for that purpose. The schoolhouses could be built under the direction of the Commissioner of Public Works just as well. What we wanted was a Minister who understood the education question understood how the education of the rising generation was to be best carried out, and how the schools should be conducted. The hon. gentlemen on the Treasury Benches he hoped would take what he said in the way in which it was intended. He did not intend any thing personal. (A* laugh.) He rather admired some of them as gentlemen; but he did not believe that they at present were in the proper place. (Laughter.) He believed that the time had come when they ought to have a Btrong, wise Government at the head of affairs—(Hear, heart ami be believed that the present was the proper time for the change. If an able Ministry were put into cilice at the present moment they would have time to develop a policy upon which they could go to the country at the coming general election. (Hear, hear.) There were several vital juostions which ought to be put before the country in tangible manner, and he believed that would not be done by the present Ministry. (Hear, hear.) Th.: rcforc he cordially seconded the motion of Mr. Pit; > ford. (Cheere.) ■■ ' Sr. JOHNS OK was not going to detain the House so long as the last speaker. (Hear, hear.) The motion had been brought before them by the two heavy weights of the House, and he never listened to more hat or stale charges. (Hear, hear, end laughter.) There was literally nothing in the n. He had been told an anecdote of the late Ju-.ige Hanson chat well applied. He once brought iorv. r>rii a motion of a similar nature against the then Ministry and was exceedingly flat. After he bad done an non. member went ud to him and >sai.'. "Mr. Hanson, you were exceedingly flat." '"Flat!" be said, "how could I be amusing when I In cw there were twenty-five against nine." (Loud laurhter.) Now the mover of this vote of want of 'coulidence was in a very similarposition. How could he do better when he knew twenty-five members were against him? (Loud laughter.) The best things that he said had been said repeatedly Ibefore, and some of them were very stale. He put iTV arc against Boss and Boss against Ward, and They had heard of that until they were tared. The -same charges could very well be brought against the late Ministry. It was well known that Mr. Bircaut and Mr. Mann said many things against each other far more uncomplimentary than those iwbich had just been referred to; but they united and went together. If what men said about each other in the heat of debate was to for ever prevent them forming a Ministry together no Ministry wee d ever be formed. It was impossible to do -r. (Dir. Ward—"Hear, hear.") In the last ■ Ki itd-stiy Mr. Boucaut, Mr. Mann, Mr. Hawker, and Mr. Playford were united, while Mr. Playford bro.vht a very heavy indictment against Mr. 'Eoi c;.ut for joining the Blyth Ministry, which he ' state d was the very basest thing ever done. Had ;nor the same charges been brought against 'the iaembers of almost every Ministry the colony had had —(Hear, hem', and No) — and ij-.sy still would l>e. The principal point tu com ;der was this—What has the country to gain by a change of Ministry at the present time? (Ministerial cheers.) He took it for granted that hen. members were not there to turn out the : Mini«-try for a matter of personal spleen. (Hear, lies: ) And that no hon. member looked at the Tie: - uiy benches with a longing eye—(laughter)— • or w ;»h a pounds shillings and pence consideration, ("ii. :„r, hear" from Mr. Ward, and laughter.) Sup ; posing the Opposition was successful—he did not ; think there was the remotest chance of it—(Mr. ' WarHear, hear," and laughter)—then there : were at least 10 members who thought they had a ' chain r of office. (Mr. Playford—"Quoting from I Warns paper.") There was one seat reserved for i somebody outside the House—that was understood —so i ><at there would be really only five seats to fill fn in the Opposition, and five members would be ah appointed. That would be five members to 1 go ov:t to the Opposition of the new Ministry, : who v euld therefore be literally as weak as water. ; ("Hear, hear," from Mr. Carr.) It was known < throughout the length and breadth of the city that : there were seven members who if not elected would so into Opposition, liar, i'laytora— "It is not true.") If the change was made they knew the country would gain four schemes of additional taxation. (Hear, hear, and No.) Did the conn try wish for that? He said emphatically no. ("Hear, hear," from Mr. Ward.) The late Government proposed four schemes of new taxation which the present Government did without. (Mr. Ward—"Hear, hear.") Mr. Hay ford had continually stated that the things of their predecessors' poliey that the present Government abandoned were the best parts of their policy. (Mr. Playford—"I never said anything'of the sort.") Additional taxation was One of them, and the outer harbour, another white ^elephant, was another. (Hear, hear, and Ho.) That was What the country might -expect from a change of ' Ministry, with perhaps a little light weight® the shape of Bishop Bugmon and 20,000 Russians at £20 per head for the Northern Territory. (Hear, hear; and laughter.) There -was ho member he generally listened to with greater pleasure than Mr.' Playford, but his charges against the Government were about as weak as weak could be, and 'without further detaining the House he would" content himself with stating that he must oppose-the motion. (Ministerial cheers.) The question having been put, Mr. BOUGAUT rose amid cheers and counter cheers. Booner than the debate should be'put aside in that way he felt justifibdin throwing him self upon the indulgence of.-the House. Although ! say he was surprised that after the speech thatlid been delivered by the hon. member for East... Tprrensgpme Minister of the Crown shpuld ;not h%ye, condescended to Answer it. -(Mr. Ward— ^ Nothing to answer") Did Hie Hon. Mr. Ward 7 xnjeanto .say im'the face of the House that the -f Speech of the hon. member Mr. Piayford was not. worthy of an answer—(Mr. Bray—"Hear, hear"), —snter a_ grave impeachment of the Ministry? ■ (Ministerial laughter.) He (Mr. Iloucaut) had not - the opportunity of hearing' what his hon. friend esfid; hut from his experience in the House, partly ' as a Minister of the Crown and long as s tepresen® lastive of the people, he did not think the Miniatpm were justified in saying that what he had eaid was not worthy of an answer from some Minister of the Crown. (Opposition cheers.) At all events they should have put up the Attorney-General if they : would not put up any one else. (Loud laughter.) ' f^e hoped the House would extend to him some indulgence, although, he had some papers in his - pocket—(pulling out a roll). (Laughter.) The Farmers' Messenger was among them—(renewed laughter)—the Methodist Journal and the Pre mier's speech at Willunga were also there. (Con- ■ 'tinued laughter).' Zt might be that he should to some extent go over the same grounds as his friendr Mr. Piayford, for there were so many-things that might be said against the present Ministry with regard to their incapacity of administration land the principles upon which they bad sought to - administer the Government. The hon. member for North . Adelaide he noticed was paying sdme attention to what he said, and would probably speak in favour of the Government—so' he was given to understand. Now, the .Hon. AH. Ward bad made it a boast in the House and in private that be would do all he could to bring about parly government. He said. "I am the man that will teach you what is party government." (Mr. Ward —" 1 never said so.") Never said that? The hon. member's speeches were saturated with that prin ciple. That was what he said, and he congratulated the Minister of Agriculture—the leader as he virtually was of the Government in that House, the member who was going to carry out party government — on having in his following the hon. member for North Adelaide. It was a matter he might well be proud of, and he hoped he would appreciate to the full the pleasure of his proud position. Did that hon. gentleman venture to say that he was administering party government? Could anything be more incongruous than the combination of the Minister of Agriculture with a wealthy person like Sir Henry Ayers? (Laughter and Ministerial groans.) It could not be thought for a moment that there was anything in common between those two gentlemen in one way or another. He thought when Mr. Ward talked so much about party government he . made a very gireat mistake; or was there any sympathy between ' the Minister of Agriculture and the Hon. the Treasurer. (Mr. Boss—"Yes;" loud laughter.) A great deal of sympathy ! Be supposed so. Vide dinner to Mr. B. D. Boss at Gumeracha in 1875. (Laughter and Ministerial groans.) He (Mr. Boucaut) had been attacked by similar things, and waBhe not to say to those hon. members on the Treasury bencbeB, -'Here stands the record against you." (Mx.Boss—"SeleccOommittee—Mr.Maun.") He knew all about that, .and would come to it presently. The hon. member Mr. Boss said there was a great deal of sympathy between him and the Minister of Agriculture. They well knew the word tpat was used by the Minister of Agriculture—a word which he would not mention—for which there had been no apology. (Mr. Boes—" Yes, at Edith- • burgh.") At Edithburgh Mr. Ward said it was used not in its political sense, but in its private sense. To his mind that was no apology, but a very great aggra vation,- The Minister of Agriculture presumably bad the same feelings that be had. when he made his speech at Gumeracha. (Ob.) He was not going to read it, although he considered he should be fully justified in the severest personal denunciation of the members of the Ministry on account of the attacks which had keen made on himself not only during last session, but in recess at the Burra, Encounter Bay, Edithburgh, Nairne, and elsewhere by the members of the Ministry. A great many of the statements made had been absolutely and wholly contrary to fact. (Mr. Bray—"Show them.") Some of them he would show. One was the statement continually made by the Minister of Agriculture that he (Mr. Boucaut) granted leases of the education lands to the squatters over and over again. He never did anything of the sort. If anything would justify him in personal recrimina tion with regard to this Ministry it would be those attacks constantly levelled against him in public and m private. (Mr. Colton—" No.") He had heard of them, and from people who he did not believe would tell him if they were not true. He did not bring them forward on the floor of the House. (Mr. Colton—" ¥ou cannot.") The Ministers knew whether or not he could, but he did not intend to be taunted into doing so. He asked the Minister of Agriculture when he got up to state if he had not on many occasions not in public more than once made statemeuts highly damaging to his (Mr. Boucaut's) political career. (Mr. Ward—"So I have.") Therefore he asked hon. members if he restrained himself from per sonalities to give him some credit for doing so. He asked the Hon. the Premier, who was not an ordinary man of the world, hut held himself out as being by his associations somewhat of the religious turn of mind. (Laughter.) He did not want to go into particulars, but he asked what waB said by the Minister of Agriculture on a former no-confidence debate to justify a certain combina tion—such a statement as never was made before— (Hear, bear)—and he believed never would be again. He would only say that it ill became the head of the Government to sit with him and justify him by remaining in office with him in such principles as had been put forth on the occasion alluded to. H one thing more were needed to justify him in attacking the Ministry it would be those social peccadilloes which the Minister of Agriculture had once the effrontery to justify. (Laughter.) If that sort of thing was to be introduced many men who laughed would not laugh. Such a course deserved the severest reprobation, not only from religious bat from all honourable men. (Hear, hear.) That he had now done with. (Hear, hear.) The matter to which he wished principally to refer was ohe in which injustice was done to him by the head of the Government in reference to his action on the question of the Victor Harbour Breakwater—a matter in which his position with his constituents was involved—and regarding which he felt entitled and bound to justify himself on tbe floor of that House. (Hear, hear.) The statements made by Sir H. Ayers at the Burra were calculated very seriously to damage him (Mr. Boucaut) in the estimation of his constituents, and were contrary to fact, as he would show by other evidence than his own, as he felt bound to do in such a case. The moment he came back to the colony he wrote to Mr. Morgan, Mr. Main, Dir. Pisber, and Mr. Eve raid, all of whom in their replies showed that .the statements made by Sir H. Ayers were utterly and absolutely untrue. Through his (Mr. Bou caut's) means a communication was made shortly after the rejection by the Council of the break water scheme by Mr. Main to the Premier, telling him that it was believed several members of tbe .Council would support a vote of £15.000 if such were introduced. He believed if it had been it would have been carried, but when the suggestion was made the Premier scouted it. Sir H. Ayers must have known of that communication, and it was monstrously unjust of him under those circum stances to go to the Burra and say, while his (Mr. Boucaut's) whole action had been in favour of that work, that he had sacrificed his constituents in the matter. An lion, member had gone to his office for the letter, so that if his statement was questioned it .might be read in the debate. It was fatal to fair .play amongst politicians if such statements as this of Sir Henry Ayers' were made against opponentss with a view of damaging them. Other statement, of a like nature had been made by other Ministers ' Now he went on to another matter. He did no know what Mr. Playford had said in regard to it.t but it bad attracted an immense deal of attentioa out of doors, and it was alluded to in the Methodist Journal—{great laughter)—he might say one of : the Ministerial organs. They heard a great many ■ complaints from the Premier about tins dreadful . Press, and he did not wonder that he was annoyed at the Press, for with the exception of the Fanners' Weekly Messenger and the Methodist Journal not a newspaper in the colony had confi dence in the Ministry or had a single word to say in their favour individually or collectively. (Mr. Colton—"They are not in our confidence.") He was much obliged to - the hon. gentle man for the information. It would be strange if the Farmers' Messenger were not in their confidence, and when the Library Committee of that House had prohibited the Farmers' Messenger from appearing within its precincts as being unworthy to be there, he thought that to any thoughtful man it would suggest whether something could not be said on this side of the question when dealing with hon. members opposite. The Methodist Journal of June 8 said" We see that Mr. Lay has given notice of motion requiring the production of the correspondence anent the ap pointment of the new Magistrates. That tbe Government has committed a serious blunder the best friends of the Ministry must admit. Neverthe less, Mr. White for receiving a consideration not to bid was no worse than the honoured and honourable member of the Legislative Council who gave the consideration. Mr. White has been acquitted by the highest Court in in the land, after having been somewhat summarily deprived of office while the matter was sub judice. The attempt to restore a fallen man may have been generously designed, hut it has offended the moral sentiment of the colony, while it has secured no bind of support to the Government.1' Mr. White being already a a notorious adherent That was a question which he charged against the Ministry—the reappointment of Mr. White on the roll of Magistrates. He shonld have charged that against the Ministry on his own responsibility but that he was requested by an hon. member to allow some papers to be produced. First he would say that the suggestion here of comparing Mr. White with Mr. Hay was entirely unwarranted. Mr. Hay un doubtedly got no consideration. Mr. WHlik—Yes he did. He got .£20. He had all the consideration; I had none. (Laughter.) Mr. BOUCAUT aid not know what the hon. member meant by £20. Mr. "WHITE—I paid £20 to Mr. Hay and I got nothing. Mr. BOUCAUT assured the hon. member that he had no ill feeliugagBinst him. (Hear, bear, and derisive cheers.) He had a public duty to do at the lime asamember of the Government, and could not be accused of peraonalfeelingihtbematter. He utterly denied what was aaid by the Methodist Journal. The position of Mr. Hay and Mr. White was altogether different, L Mr. Hay wanted to buy some land, and if he was not aHowed to buy it unless he paid eomething to Mr. White would any " " him tl * " one tell aim that the unfortunate man "who had been wrongedwas in the same position with the man who forced himfo pay [the money> and,-even supposing, ms Mr. White now suggested, that Mr,H*y was paid some consideration, aid if make lt.any the more right for the Ministry after -he-hwLbeen removed from the noli of Justices to xpastate Mt«. White! Mr. BOTJCAUT—Of course the hon. member would say so. Will the hon. member say that there was not an understanding between him and the Ministry with respect to this reinstatement? (The members of the Government— " Yes.") Mr. WHITE- Most undoubtedly I will. Mr. BOUCAUT—Will the Ministry say that they never hoped to secure his vote by doing so. (The members of the Government—" Yes.1') Believe it who may. (Laughter.) After that we need not wonder at a great many things they say. Mr, WHITE—You will get it by - and - by. (Laughter.) Mr. BOUCAUT—Then it came to this, that their action was a most serious blunder. What was Mr. White removed for? He was told that it was whispered that Mr. Coles was in the same position as Mr. White, but Mr. Coles was in a better position than Mr. Hay. He only acted as agent for Mr. Brook, and what excused Mr. Hay excused Mr. Coles. Ho doubt it was a very wrong thing, but when a farmer wanted to get land they could not blame him if he paid money to the lflod'Sbdrks Mr. WHITE—The land-sharks always support the farmer. Mr. BOUCAUT—Then was it not a mistake for Parliament to pass a Bill to guard the farmers against the land-sharks if the land-sharks always supported the farmers? On the eve of a vote of no confidence when he knew the votes would run very closely—he thought they would run more closely this time—(laughter)—when he believed the hon member Mr. White was a supporter of the Ministry, he removed him—("Oh," from the Ministry}—because the hon. gentleman had on his own testimony done that which was highly repre hensible. A Jury of his countrymen had returned a verdict of £1,600 against him. (Mr. White—"I have not paid it though.") He was saved from that by the technicali'pljeetion that the Frauds at Auction Act was passed before the Act which allbwed the sale of leases by auction was passed, but the offence was the same. (Mr. White—"Ho nfiencc") It was an endeavour to obtain money from Mr. Hay by a transaction which at all events was dishonest at common law, and when land sharktsm was pievalent in the country the Government would have failed in their duty if they had not taken notice of the event, no matter who the man might be, even so impor tant and so wealthy a man as the hon. member. They believed that in defence of a great principle it was their duty to remove the hon. member from the loll of Justices, and they did so, and public opinion had justified them in their action. (Mr. White—" No.") He had never yet seen a sug gestion in print to the contrary. Mr. WHITE—You lost a vote. Mr. BOUCAUT—Undoubtedly I lost a vote, but I did not lose honour over the matter. And I would sooner have gone out of the Government for re moving the hon. member than have remained in office by keeping him in. Mr. WHITE—Who got rid of Eudiger's £2,000? The SPEAKER said the hon. member mast not interrupt. He would have an opportunity of answering the hon. member by-acd-by. Mr. BOUCAUT said the purity of the administra tion of justice and of the principles upon which the Government of the day carried out the appoint ment of justice was of the most vital importance, and he thought he might safely appeal to the House to say that the Ministry had unduly tres passed in this matter, and nothing could give them a greater blow than their conduct in replacing the hon. member. If he had not been removed it would have been a very different thing. The mere fact of putting a man on the roll of Jus tices who had stated what Mr. White had in evi dence against himself would have been a matter on which any Ministry might have been impugned, but the offence was much greater when he had been on the roll of Justices and a previous Ministry had removed him. It was generally understood as a constitutional principle that the action of one Ministry should not be interfered with by another, unless there was some great reason to the con trary, and what he wanted was not so much to jus tify the removal of Mr. White as to know wnat excuse the Government had for replacing him. He said .there had been some understanding between them. (The members of the Government —"No.") Then he wanted to know what was tiieir leason tor dying it i ( near, near, irom the Government. Mi. Ward—"We will tell you hy-and-by." Mr. Col ton— " Honesty.") Was it honest to take Mr. Hay's money out of his pocket ? After reading from Mr. Hay's evidence at the trial Hailes v. White; the lion, member went on to remark that the Judge said—"Then if they thought Jlr. White offered and proposed to make the agreements set out in the declaration (and the hon. member himself confessed that he did) be must tell them that, subject to the points raised by the learned counsel for the defen dant, there must be a verdict for the plaiatni'." And then again—"if tliejury beiievedthe evideuce of Mr. Hay, supplemented and confirmed as it was by that of Mr. Lusmoore, it would appear clear not only that the defendant had otiered to make an agreement by wnich lie would rcfra u from bidding; but in addition to that, it lie did not use the words he certainly made tepieseatations —and in fact the evidence would show threats to have been used—as to the particular course of pro cecding he should take at the auction;" and then proceeded to remark on that very severely, ana ac said that the offence against the farmers of this country, the offence against the Frauds at Auction Act, in Mr. White s endeavouring to obtain money fcr Mr. Hay; was as great when committed at a sale of leases as if it bad been committed at a sale of freeholds In principle there was not the faintest difference between them. The previous Government might not have been wrong in re moving Mr. White; he believed they were right; -end the Minister of Agriculture had again aim again urged that land-sharks should be visited with punishment; but since he had been removed from t£e roll of Justices another offence of a graver nature had been committed by hun, Mr. WHITE—It is not true. The SPEAKER caded the hon. member to .. Jr. He would have an opportunity of challenging every word the hon. member said by-and-by. Mr. BOUCAUT, if he had done the hon. mem- j ber wrong, would apologize and express his very great regret: but he wished to further justify the action of the previous Government by what hai taken place since. He referred to the case Brook v. Coles. Why Mr. Colc-s should have been pro ceeded against he could not see. Mr. Coles came down to town in the ordinary course of his busi ness to attend the land 6ale and to buy some sec tions as agent for Mr. Brook; and then, according to Mr. Brook's evidence, this took place:—"After we had signed I saw Mr. White come into the Land Office, and Mr. Coles then said, 'Halloa. Here iB old White. We must stop his mouth.' 1 said, ' I don't know what we hav^ to do with Mr. White.' Mr. White had not spoken to Mr. Coles within mv hearincor sight prior to this. Mr. Colcr; puke to Mr. White. 1 did not listen or hear w hat was said. Mr. Coles got up from the table and asked Mr. White if he was going in for the land in the Hundred of Button. White replied, 'Every acre of it, and at 30s. per acre.' Coles then came to us, and said we had better stop White's mouth, as he would take a commission. Mr. Coles then went back to Mr. White, and on return ing we consented. Coles afterwards spoke to White again, and asked him if he would leave the room. He said he would if Mr. Goodchild would consent." And then further on he said—"Mr. Coles after wards drew the cheque for £22 9s. produced for Mr. Goodchild. but it was for White & Good child's commission." He made no comment on that. The evidence there given on oath and not ventured to be denied sufficiently spoke for itself. The hou. member went into the Land Office and took £22 9s. as commission for refusing to bid. He asked the Ministry if they would defend that? He asked every right-thinking man in that House whether a grave wrong had not been done in replacing the hon. member on the roll of Justices. Was the opinion of the great number of Justices who had resigned in consequence not entitled to some weight? (Mr. Richards—" All squatters, every one cf them.") W hat had that to do with it? Had not the Attorney-General tried to get Justices at Kapunda who were not squatters, and had not Mr. Varley reported to him that he could not get Magistrates to act there, and that he was unable to carry on his business at Kapunda in consequence ? (Mi. Bray—" Nothing of the sort.") Had he not reported that a great number of gentlemen at Ka punda had refused to be appointed J.P.'s? (M„ Bray—" Not one has been offered.") Had he not sounded them as to whether they would not be ap pointed? He knew it was reported in Kapunda that Mr. Varley had reported to the Govern ment that these gentlemen had refused to accept a dignity which they considered had been prosti tuted and degraded by the action of the Ministrv. (Mr. Bray—"Ko person said so to Mr. variey.") Veil, it was something like it, and he challenged the Attomey-Oeneral to briDg down the report and read it. But if nothing wrong had been done by Mr. White, if he had not done as he was sworn to have dene, why was the action Hailes v. White compromised? (Mr. White—"It was not compro mised.") Did the hon. member mean to say that the action was not compromised—that the large sum of £380 was paid for it ? (Mr. White—" I will tell you by-and-by.") This thing was too serious to be made a joke of. There were very grave fasts, and it wa6 impossible that justice could be fairly administered if they were allowed to pass unchal lenged and unreproved. Turning now to another matter. The Minister of Agriculture atBdithburgli rejoiced very greatly over tKe election for the Dis ' of T" trict of Victoria, which he said was to be a test election. (Mr. Ward—" JJothing of the sort.") At al events he referred with some confidence to the expectation that Mr. Iogleby, a supporter of toe Government, would be returned. (Mr. Ward—" So he would have been if it had been aline day.") Tae hon. member said thecountry was going to support the Government. He congratulated them on the way the district had put in a pledged supporter of Hie Government. They had heard from the Ministry from- time to time that they were a Ministry of action. He would like to know what their action was? There had been no action at all that he knew of except action winch had H I to oiischich muddling, and blundering. If talking were action the action of the Government was something wooderful, but in so far as ft had advanced the interests of the country there had been a lament able deficiency. A remark had been made by Mr. Flayford. even if it had pot been on the floor of the House, with regard to a statement he (Mr. Bcccant) had made touching -some immigration regulations which the Minister of Agriculture was to have prepared, and the hon. member seemed to have thought there had been some breach of Cabinet secrets. He had greatobjeetion to Cabinet eecrets being broken under any circumstances, but there had been no breach in respect to that. When he made the declaration of the policy in that House he referred to the feet that the Minister of Agriculture, who was then his colleague, had promised to draw op immigration regulations, fhe Minister of Agriculture was in his place and did not challenge the statement. He (Mr. Boucaut) was asked several times by the present Treasurer when these regulations were coming down, and the Minister of Agriculture heard him frequently say that the hon. gentleman was drafting them, and he hoped to have them soon down. But be never got them. (Mr. Ward—V Here they are, though: and Mr. Playfprd—" There are no regulations/') He would like to see them. The hon. gentle man promised to draft immigration regu lations. This document came down to the Cabinet—(Mr. Ward—"Bead it all")—and caused infinite amusement. (Mr. Colton—"Not at all; it did not cause infinite amusement.") Those regulations bad been asked for several times. (Mr. Ward here produced the original minutes.] The first part of the minute was—"That regula tions should be approved for free passages, generally in accordance with those now in force as to assisted passages, but if possible with fewer restrictions. The production was nothing less than a rambling leading article fit for the Farmers' Messenger—w&b; perfectly useless, and was laughed out of the ^Cabinet. (Mr. Ward—"Bead the last paragraph/1) The hon. member had since then beeD in office 12 months, and if these suggestions were so valuable why were they not gazetted ? He would read the last two paragraphs. The last but one read as follows :—"Another question will be should we introduce a new Immigration Act, as suggested by Mr. Birch. I think that is necessary, but should not be undertaken in our forthcoming intermediate session." Was that a regulation ? last one of all/') He did (Mr. Ward—"Bead the not want to know what would be forthcoming next session or for the next two years. What he wanted were some regulations that he could bring down to the House. (Mr. Ward—"All I could do was to suggest/') He would read the last para graph —" If the Commissioner approves of these suggestions I can in a couple o: hours put them into the shape that wilt be necessary." (Cheers.) This document was dated November 8, 1875, and was sent to him (Mr. Boucaut) on that day. It was returned on November 13 with this minute Returned to the Hon. Minister of Agriculture and Education. He has promised several times to draw new regula tions to carry out what he says, and I shad be obliged and indebted for his courtesy." The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) asked permission to clear up a point. He distinctly told the hon. member that if he approved of tbe policy he sug gested he would draw up the regulations, but he would not be a mere clerk until the policy was approved. Mr. BOUCAUT said the Minister of Agriculture and Education had led him to make the promise in the face of Parliament. It was mentioned in Cabinet several times. The hon. member did no: ;pretend that these were regulations. The fact was he (Mr. Boucaut) was very much more ready to do Mr. Ward's work than the hon. member was to do his, and the hon. member knew that. The Minister was very much more prone to making elaborate harangues in the country than he was to do work in the office. He did not think that the country was best served by one who was only able to go into the country and make great speeches. Then with regard to the policy in refe rence to the Education lands. This was a matter on which he felt very strongly. He (Mr. Boucaut) introduced the system that a certain portion of the lands should be set aside to form a fund to enable a system of education to be better carried out. The Minister of Agriculture and Education him self when the Bill was passing through the House said on several occasions that this was the object of the Act, and that there should he no mock grants. (Mr. Ward—"Hear, hear.") But what did he say now, and what did the Commissioner of Crown Lands say at Willunga? Why, that they would keep the land two years for selection, that then they would put it up for auction, and give what was left to the Council of Education. That was a mockery, a sham. (No.) The Council of Educa tion ought to have fair average land given them, such as land that he gave them when he was Com missioner of Crown Lands. (Mr. Ward—"The Wandearah Plains.") Some were very good, but the lands were of a fair average quality, and it was such lands that the Surveyor- General was in structed to select. The proof of this was that some lands had b'en put up to auction and had not been sold. The cost of future educa tion might be saved to tbe country and the cause of education greatly advanced by giving The good average lands instead of rubbish. Th ere was another point to which he would like to allude, and that was in reference to the manner in which sectarian irfluencesihadrbeeu at work in carrying out the business of the Council of education. He ventured to impute sectarian influences in regard to theaffairs of Minns and Broadbent. (Mr. Warn —" No.") The papers with regard to Broadbent ha i gone beiore the Commissioner or Crown Land (Mr. Carr). Was that true? The boa. membe' did not deny it. (Mr. Oolton—" What papers?'") Did not Mr. Carr know what he alluded to? (Mr. Ward—" Not that I am aware of.") No, of course uot;the Minister of Agriculture and Education was free of everything. (Mr. Colton—"I don't know anything about it.") Oh, certainly not; but Dir. Cari ' would not answer his challenge. He thought he war justified in saying, in the absence of a denial, that the papers had gone before Mr. Cirr. (Mr. Carr—"No.') Did not the hon. gentleman re commend Mr. Broadbent? (Mr. CarrBefore I was aMiuis:erof the Crown.") But since he was a Minister? (Mr. Carr—"I dont't think so since.") Whatever'the result of that debate might be, this question w ouid have to be cleared up, because the teachers in the department felt they were suffering a great grievance. If Dir. Broadbent was repo-ted by the Training School authorities to be unqualified as a teacher, it was net right that lie should be put inio Dir. Dlmns's school by the influence of Dir. Carr. (Dir. Carr—"No.") Was not Mi. Broad bent put into the school at Kangarilla by Mr. Carr's influence! No answer to that ? The COMMISSIONER of CRGWN LAND? (Hon. J. Carr) said Mr. Broadbent was sent to the Kangarilla School some eighteen months ago by the recommendation of some twenty-four or twc-niy-five householders. He was not sure whether his name was among the list of those who signed the recommendation; but it might have been. That was i ll. (Hear, hear.) ^ Mr, EOOCAUT said there was a great deal more than that. After Mr. Broadbent was reported by the authorities of the Training School to bs un qualified as a teacher, he was placed in a public school in the colony. (No.) When Mr. Minns came ever here, it was slated in the Advertiser that he had in his pocket the appoint ment or promise of appointment to the Rundle street School for two or ithree weeks during the time the South Australian teachers were sending in tkeiriteslhnomals on application for the appoint ment, That statement was denied by the Board of Education of that day. but it was afterwards found out that the communication had been made to Mr. Harcus, now deceased, by a teacher who was repri manded for what he said. They all knew that the Board was told that Dir. Minns was a first-class teacher, the report having been {sent over by the Rev. Mr. Bickford, and endorsed by Mr. Carr, whereas he had only a seventh-class teacher's cer tificate. Mr. Minns was a local preacher of the same denomination as Mr. Carr, and had been since he was a teacher in the Bundle-street School. Now, hejobjected to that. Teachers, whatever their religion might be—and he hoped they were the better for it—ought not to put themselves forward prominently in this manner in connection with any particular creed. How could they ask a High Churchman to send his children to a school kept by a local preacher? Mr. Broadbent, who was formeily in a store at Kadina, was the son of a local preacher, and by the iufiuence of the Com missioner of Crown Lands, who was, they told him, a local preacher of the same denomination, he wa put into the Education-Department of this colony. He did not mean to say that there was anything wrong in (local preachers assisting one another, but when they brought political influence to bear—as Mr. Carr had in the cases of Messrs. Minns and Broadbent — it wa= decidedly wrong. Mr. Broadbent, it was found, was not well taught. Before Mr. Broad bent had an appointment under the Council of Education he underwent an examination, and his essay on one of the heroes of antiquity contained so many errors in spelling that the word "childish" was written under it. Did the Commissioner o: Crown Lands see tliat paper? (Mr. Carr—"No.") Alter that Mr. Broadbent was sent as a teacher ti the Model Schools. He was not going to quote that old proverb which talked about certain peopU falling out; but he would say that he regretted Mr Hartley should have allowed himsefl to mak *uih a mistake, .as many teachers in ch< colony admitted he had, iu reference to thi matter. It was, however, Dir. Hartley's mis fortune that he had not a better man at the head of the department than a mere orator (Laughter.) A letter was read at the Council o Education by the President on this subject, au< that letter was another proof of the unfair in fluences to which he had been alluding. The iettei was written by Mr. Minus when he was a teache at me Kuoaie-street bcnooi, aua was sen to Bit. Broadbent, sen., at the Port, in whici Minns asked Broadbent to act as agent in som insurance Company. That was improper. It was very undesirable for our public teachers to act as ageat for Insurance Companies, as they could not do fui justice to the work which tfcey were paid to do b the Government This letter concluded by war of a sweetener with the statement, "Your son h doing very welL" He thought a letter of that sor; ought to have been read altogether, and not extracts simply made. He did not think the allegations he had made could be explained or denied. The Education Department had not been conducted in the way it ought to have been. The mere fact that Mr. Minus had been allowed to act as a local preacher and teacher at the same time had showed that proper management had not been exercised. What would have been said about the Soman Catholics if that sort of little arrangement of Minns and Broadbent had been tried on? Why, there WGuld have been a denuncia tion from one end of the country to the other. Then with respect to volunteers, he might remind hon. members that last year the Ministry of which he was a member placed £15,006 on the Estimates for defences. That sum was struck off by the present Ministry, and subse quently Mr. Wigley moved a motion affirming that it was desirable that the Government should bestir themselves in the matter. The Government, how ever, did not bestir themselves much in the matter till a short time ago, when the people compelled them. Now that war had broken out in Europe the Government came down and pretended to be anxious, and were calling for volunteers all over the country. But they called for volunteers in such.a way that the syBtem would undoubtedly break down. The Treasurer last session scouted the idea of £151,690 being sufficient for defences. A Volunteer Force, he said, would be of no protec tion to the colony, and local forces were almost valueless. Posabiy. however; the late Government might have brought down ta further sum on the Supplementary Estimates. Then the! Commis sioner of Public Works had said that a number of old ladies in red jackets would he of as much use as volunteers. These things showed that the Ministry were only influenced by the demand of the people that some little foresight should be shown. It wss the same with regard to quarantine. HiB (Mr. Boucaut's) Government had £5,669 on the Estimates originally for quarantine, and that sum was ridiculed too. At any rate if the sum had been passed it'would have gone agreat extent towards saving the great waste of money that the Ministry had caused by their bungling, He did not want to say much about the railway wagons, but he could tell the Commissioner of Public Works that there was a great deal of uneasiness owing to the way in which his department was woraed (Mr. Colton—" I am sorry for it. If you wish for the correspondence you can have it") Probably there would be some enquiry on the subject (Mr. Colton—"Hear, hear.1') He did not approve oi the way in which the Government had been en deavouring to bolster up the revenue by the large tales of lauds at Booborowie for instance. (Mr. Ward—"It was withdrawn from sale." Why? (Mr. Ward—"I will tell you by-and-by.") If it was necessary to' be withdrawn why should it have been put up? It seemed to him extraordina-y that they should have at tempted to bolster up the rerenne in that way. He thought it would be found that they had credited the revenue with the foods of the Educa tion Department. (Mr. Ward—"Certainly.") There had been a dispute between the Edu cation Department and the Audit Office on the matter, and he thought the Audit Office was right. (Mr. Ward—"How do you know Cabinet secrets?") It was not a Cabinet secret; why, the matter was talked about every where. (Mr. Ward—"But is it true?") lie believed it was true, for when they made these mistakes in their administration they were sure to get talked about outside. (Mr. Ward—"But we have not made any such mistakes.") Then he did not think that the head of the Engineering Depart ment had a right to be treated in the manner he was by the Commissioner of Public Works recently at Port Pirie. (Mr. Colton—"How did I treat him?") Very badly. He had heard that it was so bad, indeed, that the Engineer-in-Chief had had to complain to the Cabinet or the Executive about the Commissioner of Public Works'conduct. (Mr Colton—"JSo.") He should be glad to near any explanation then, for he had heard from one member of the House who was present on the occasion to which he alluded that the Commis sioner of Public Works' conduct was cruel. That was just the sort of thing to cause want of harmony in the department and lead to the mismanage ment of the business of the country. Pertiaps it accounted for the mistakes about tue wages. He hoped the House would see that he had not said any thing to lead to mere personalities, although he had bad great temptation and many opportunities of doing so; but he thought the House would admit that he had refrained from 6uch references, and had only tackled the Ministerial acts fairly. He would now read the letters to which he had referred that passed between himself, Mr. Morgan, and others, in reference to statements made by Sir H. Ayers at the Burra. He wrote on March 20 to Mr. Main as follows:—"My dear Sir—Sir Henry Ayers has asserted 'that the only reason why the people had not got their break water was through the manoeuvring of Mr. Morgan and Mr. Boucaut,' and has further said that the present Government supported the Victor Harbour Breakwater scheme, and had it not been for Messrs. Morgan and Boucaut pulling the wires behind the scenes it would have bsen carried. Oi course such statements from a man in Sir H. Ayers's position are calculated to injure me very much with my constituents, and as you are cogni zant of the steps I took consequent upon the Council sending suggestions to the Assembly at the end of last session to drop the Victor Harbour line, I shall be obliged if you will kindly put in writing for me your recollection of my action .upon the matter, and also state whether at my instance you took any and what steps to endeavour to obtain the passing of the vote. I should have written to you earlier, but thought that ere this you would have returned to the colony.—I am, Ac., Jas. P. Boucaot." Mr. Main replied under date April 6, 1S77:—"My ■dear Sir—I very willingly comply with your re quest to put in writing my recollection of the step, you took on the occasion of the Council rejecting the Port Victor Breakwater saheine. I cannot trust my memory to report verbatim all that passed between us relating to that business, but am very clear as to general impressions. On the day after the Council carried their suggestions when talking the matter over going up in the train, it was your opinion then that prompt action might obtain a reversal of the Council's vote. You suggested ttia: I should see and name this to the Premier, and also say there were one or two political men who were anxious to assist the Government, and could be got to use their influence with fi lends in trie Upper House to carry the measure if it were in'ro duced again. 1 waited on the Premier, and though your name was not mentioned 1 think Mr. Colton had a shrewd suspicion I had come from you. He agreed very cheerfully to the suggestion, am! having got his promise we both worked mos.. zealously in every quarter where we thourht w,= could do auj good. We failed from no fault of yours; friends on whom wc counted irotn polit;ea< considerations charged sides, and I should Dt a very bad judge of character if 1 cou'd have beeu mistaken in the genuineness of your disappointment and annoyance on the o.cvsion. I couid not help admiring the way you put on one side your feelings as leader of the opposition, de voting yourseli to assisting others so carry::ig through a measure which would have 'aroused th edifice.5—George ■Main.'" Mr. Morgan's repb was of similar eiiect. He said:—" I read a report of the Hon. Ghief Secretary's speech m id; at the Burra, to which you refer, in Sydnev before I left ihat city for New Caledonia, and as 1 under stood at the time that one of the urnm injects of that speech was to injure my position at the pending election my first impulse was tuwute to the papers for the purpose of coutradicting state mentB which might under some circumstances b.. calculated to injure the prospects of any candidate, particularly in the districts of the Hurra aud En counter Bay. Considering, however, how weii tie; people of South Australia under tmd the aptitude of the hon. gentleman for making rash statement-, and how very little control his judgment has ove his utterances when he is on his legs, it seemed t ■ me wisei and more dignified to allow the elector, to judge Low fa,1 the charge of trickery was true a otherwise uninfluenced by a single word from oic. As the Burra and .Encounter Bay both placed ra at the head of the poll I am quite satisfied with the verdict, and 1 have every reason to be content with the estimate I formed of the value these district* would place upon the disparaging remarks of the Hon. the Chief Secretary. For your satisfaction, however, I have much pleasure in stating that tlu only ' tricks' I know of were the persistent attempts —almost to meanness—you made to induce me to vote for the item iu the Loan BiU for the ito provemeut of Victor Harbour. My final opp j sition to that item was not on its merits, but on other considerations which I exp'.iiuej at the time.—Yours very truly. W. Morgan.'' Those were clear proofs. He had a letter to simila effect from Mr. Fisher, aud also one from Mr. Everard. Those were sufficient proofs of the false nesB of the assertion that through his intriguing the bieakwater had been lost. It was unjust to him that such a statement should have been made; aud he had thus freely entered into the question because such statements publicly made ought not to be allowed to pass without censure. There wa always tendency enough in public men to go ma ligning their opponents; but Sir H. Ayers had the means of knowing, and ought to have found out before he made his statements, whether they were correct. It was not worthy of a Government h. make such statements for the purpose of damaging their opponents. This Ministry from their incep tion had shown a desire to wait upon Providence, aud do nothing more than members or deputa tions forced them to. That was the policy of the present Chief Secretary, Sir H. Ayers— the light and soul of the Ministry PerbapB he should not say that, because th** Minister of Agriculture aud Education was the life of the Ministry in the House of Assembly The one was the *' ballast'5 of the ship, the othe. '• the flying canvas aloft.55 (Laughter.) The om was driving very rapidly down hill—the othe. putting the break on—because the whole of Sir H. Ayers5s career had been a putting on of the break. He challenged bis colleagues to say one thing , that be had done that had not been forced upon him by the House or public opinion. By the way, he, the champion of the Council, must be congratulated upon the way the Council bad beeu treated by the Government lately in the matter of Parliament Houses. It was very much like trying to make mischief between the two Houses, and that things should have been brought to such a state by Sir H. Ayers seemed past comprehen sion. tie supposed the Minister of Agriculture told Sir EL Ayers what he proposed to do, and he (Sir H, Ayers) put the balance on, and said how far it was safe to go. As tor the rest of the Cabinet, they carried out the policy advised by those two gentlemen. (Oh, and laughter.) He thought there was uo donht that was the case. They all knew Sir H. Ayers's vast ability for administration, but thev did not know of tuai vast ability in some other members! of the Ministry. They had been playing: havoc with the administration of the "Government in almost tverv department Nevertheless vith regard to this vote he should have been a little more Mepbistophelian—he thought that was the word. (Mr. Ward—"Hear, hear," and laughter.' He should have felt no difficulty in showing no* utterly incompetent they were in all their measure-. —how they were indebted to their predecessors for ail their measures that were of any value—and he should have challenged them upon the whole of their conduct, but he should have given them a little more time; and he felt that the longer they stopped in the worse their case would be. But iliey would not stop in. (Laughter from the Ministerial beaches.) They were not happy. (Benewed laughter.) Although he (Mr. Boucaut) was not at concert pitch, still they did not look happy when he began and they would not when lie finished. (Laughter.) If they were nappy they would not have by their constant interruptions showed such thinskinnedness. (Benewed laughter.) There was a great fear of impending disappoint ment. There were hints of a dissolution. (" No," from the Ministerial benches.) Not at alL (No.) Friends of the Ministry had B*id so—that they had the promise of a dissolution. (Mr. Ward— " No.") He did not say the Ministry said it, but their friends said it. (Mr. Ward—" There are so many friends we cannot be responsible for all") They bad very few real friends. (Laughter.) Let them look at the reception at the Burra. The Premier in his own district was obliged to shelter himself from enquiry by the plea that he was not addressing his constituents, but the public of South Australia. (Laughter.) Wherever they went the public was hoshle to them. The Press was hostile to them in all parte of the country. The Press in the neighbouring colonies recognised their incompetency. The general hope was that tbey' should go out. (Cheers and ironical cheers.) The sooner the better, and they knew it. (Laughter, and Mr. Ward—"Yon don't keep good company.") He thought the merchants of Aaehude were better company than some of the company that was to be found in billiard salons. (Oh and laughter.) It was the feeling of professional mem of all classes. (Mr. Ward—"No.") Even some of the particular denomination to which the Premier belonged were of the same opinion. A strong personal friend of the Premiers was among the number.' A few days, ago he (Mr. Boucaiit) said to him—".Ypu must admit that the Hon. Mr. Colton stood vetymucfi higher before than he'starrds now." He replied, " Amongst some possible." He (Mr. Boucaut) eaid, " I ayi speaking of the general tone of the countiy—that he does not stand so high as he did." He said, "Well, 1 most admit you are right.''' (Laughter.) That was the general opinion —(No)-—and he felt he was doing nothing more than what was right in asking the House to agree to the morion to oust those men as soon as possible. (Cheersand counter cheers.) Mr. White and the Commissioner of Crown Lands having risen together there were cries of "Carr." The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. Carr) said he most confess that atscoidmg he was inferior to Mr. Boucant, and he felt that if he attempted to go into the matter of invective he shonld be sorely at fault. But he would try to answer some of the statements that had been made. Many of them, however, were as stale as the re mains of a biscuit—things altogether forgotten. In regard to the motion, it was fair to ask the House to consider the position when they had supported the Ministry in passing many important measures for the last twelve months. (Oh and Hear, hear.) But there were some little matters in his own de partment that he shonld like to refer to. He would inform Mr. Boucaut in reference to the suburban lands, Booborowie, that they were surveyed in connection with a towoship from instructions of his predecessor, Mr. fiver-rd, and were not par ticularly brought under his (Mr. Carr's) notice until it was shown to him that those lands were taken out of the main travelling stock reserve be tween the North-East and theBurra, and on exami nation he withdrew them, as he thought they would berequired for travelling stock. He hoped the hon. member was satisfied, for he (Mr. Carr) certainly felt that he did what was right. Now he must just refer to a matter personal to himself, con cerning statements which never could have been brought forward without there had been a breach of confidence somewhere, and the story had been magnified in telling. The young man Broadbent who had been referred to was known to him, and was a very decent, respectable young man, although perhaps not a great genius. He sent hum to Mr. Minus's school—that was no great fault—he was no relative—or at least he took part in sending him; that was as a pupil. After that he came to Kau garilla—the place near which he (Mr. Carr) lived, and in which he took the moBt interest he had iu .any place ; and he did send a memorial to the Dis trict CouncUl asking that Broadbent might be ap pointed schoolmaster. Was there any harm in it? (Hear, hear.) Was he to have nothing to do with Eangarilla School or anything else because he was a Minister of the Crown. By-the-by, he was not a Minister of the Crown then; but unfortunately be was a local preacher, and they must be very careful what they did. Then Broadbent went from thete to the Model School. (Mr. Rees—" Training School.") He knew nothing of that till it was decided that he should go there. When he was there he took some interest in the man. He believed that on one occasion when he asked how he was getting on he was told " Very well," and he believed in accordance with a request some papers were shown to him. To the best cf his recollection they were not trial papers. He really knew nothing of the result of the trial until he heard that Broadbent had gone to Mr. Minus's school. Then he was very friendly with Mr. Minns, and he knew that he was very indignant; but he took no further 6teps in the matter, and did not tell the Minister of fiducatiun. He regardedit as an entirely personal matter done by John Carr. a resident of KangariUa, and one who took an interest in this young man. The idea of going to Mr. Hartley and his colleague to use his influence in favour of Broadbent was so preposterous that he should never have thought of it. (Hear, hear.) He would now say a word in defence of his con nection with the education lands. He could take Mr. Boucaut's challenge up, and say he had never in private or otherwise spoken disrespectfully of him. (Bear, hear ) He had been on friendly terms with tlie hon. member, and when he wrote to the papeis a letter which was not couched in temperate terms he declined to enter into a news paper controversy with him. But the statements which he made at Willunga—and he thanked Mr. Playford for calling attention to them—were abso lutely true with one modification. The lands of which he spoke as being let to the squatters were not necessarily Jet to the squatter. What he found fault with was not any action taken by Mr. Boucaut, but the policy of his Ministry in having with drawn fr< m selection by agriculturists the very large quantity of 1&',000 acres of land. Complaints were long and loud amongst the fatmers that all this Government land was being handed over to the Council of Education. (Cheers.) They scarcely heard the echo of them in that House. (Mr. Play ford—' I never heard of them.") The Council of Education could not expect to have such competition for their lands as the Government, nor insist on the same conditions, because they could not offer the fee-simple of the land. (Cheers.) There was nothing he should be better pleased to go before the country on than this question. (Cheers.) Vfliat the Government had done was not only with the best intentions, but was indeed the best thing possible. Perhaps it was not st> intended crigiuaily; but the effect of reserving 20JLKJU acres of land per annum for educational purposes would be to create large pastoral reserves throughout the agricultural parts of the country ii it was really meant to give the best land to the Council. (Cheers.) There were letters in the newspapers at the time. (Mr. Bees—"Who put them in?") He did not; the farmers did them selves. He felt satisfied that the House would endorse the fanners' view of the case. The land the Government had reserved was not mere rubbish. It had been largely selected already, and there was a considerable quantity of good land among the million and a half of acres. (Cheers.) Did the Government offer the land at th_ end of the first year? No; it was open for selection two years and a half before the education reserves were selected. The faime:s had their chance—(Mr. Playford—" And the squatters had their chance")—and then the lands were selected for the Council of Education. The Government had not deposed of any of these lands under the miscellaneous leases clause o: the Scrub Lands Act, and they thought the land they gave to the Education Council would be of fair quality. And would not 29,000 acres of thi. land be of great value in the future? It was OJ ruoie importance just now that we should promott the settlement of the lands. But the lands given to the Council of Education were no mock gift; they were of real value. In Canada a good deal of lane: had been dedicated to educational purposes, and a great deal was said about that- The plan pursued in the Eastern States of America was to give one square mile in a township for the educationa purposes of that township, and the)7 kept it uatii it acquired considerable value. Then it was sold But this was a different thing from reserving land in large blocks. (Mr. Playford—" You can reserve it in small blocks.") The Government had several public works to propose to Parliament. They had the Land Bill in hand, and various law reforms were contemplated by them. And what was promised if they were turned out? (Cheers.) Would the bon. member for East Torrens promise the Stamps Bill? (Mr. P'ayford—" I voted against it and you did not;" and laughter.) Mr. Boucaut, then, dare not promise it, nor the Bishop Bugoion scheme, nor the outer harbour. The things 011 which they challenged the Government last year were broken down. (Gheers and counter-cheers.) Mr. Playford had accused the Minister of Educa tion of wasting £500—as much as would build a country schooL What a trumpery charge was that to lay against a Government. (Gheers.) He was not happy on that occasion. (Loud laughter.) At the best of it those no- confidence debates were a necessary evil, and he was not happy, though he felt absolutely certain that the result of the vote would be in their favour. (Cheers, and cries o) "Ob.") With reference to the charge of sec tarianism, he could if he wished retaliate on Mr Boucaut, and ask ii there was no sectarianism h. sending the Eev. Mr. Thome to England. (Mr. Boucaut—"No.") He did not think there was: but that might just as reasonably be said as he be challenged because he took an interest in a la-i who happened to belong to the same religiou denomination as himself. He might as reasonably charge Mr. Playford with trying to promote sec tarianism by giving Dr. Antliff a roving commis sion to travel about England giving £100 lectures at a cost of £6 10s. each. That was money thrown away, because there was nothing in the lecture - about South Australia. (Mr. Playford—"I don't even know Dr. AntliiTs denomination.") Dr. Antliff' belonged to the Primitive Methodist Church, and it seemed strange that Mr. Playford did not know that when he wrote telling the Agent General all about Dr. Antliff. (Hear, hear.) All be could say, in conclusion, was that he felt pleased to think that so little could be fouud against the present Government by those who had watched it with a critical eye ever since its forma tion. (Cheers.) Mr. BEES caid be should not be doing his duty if he did not enter his protest against the remark* made by Mr. Johnson. The hon. member had his own notions of poiitical and social honour, and had gone out of his way to defend the conduct of the freasuior in relation to the Minister of Education —conduct which was indefensible. Language such ss that addressed by the Minister of Education to the Treasurer demanded summary chastisement, and nothing should have induced a gentleman who had moved m quasi-military circles to have accepted anything less than a public apology for a public insult. To do this and to have joined with such a colleague was ae insult to that House and degrading to himself. He congratulated Mr. Playford on his temperate speech and his studious avoidance of those personalities which in past times had dis graced debates in tbat House. (Cheers.) He would foilow the hon. member's example, though he might display a little warmth in his criticisms of the action of the Government. If Mr. Playford had not been quite explicit enough in his charges to suit the Commissioner of Crown Lands, he must be congratulated on the fact that he had left plenty for other hon. members to say. If there was one thing which deserved the censure of the House— as it had already secured the censure of the country—it was the way in which the Govern ment had trifled with the great subject of quaran tine. (Cheers.) He believed the action of the Government was only providentially saved from being one of the greatest curses that could happeu to the colony. What was the conduct of the Go vernment in regard to the immigrants by the British Enterprise! Their first step was to keep a large number of persons, most of them healthy, in 1 a vessel where the contagion undoubtedly existed. The people had endured the privations of a long voyage, and in that sense were more liable to catch the disease. Yet the Government kept these persons crowded in a ship where two cases of small* pox undoubtedly existed. It was true the matter was referred to the Central Board of Health, and that these gentlemen reported in favour of forming a quarantine station on Torrens Island. Their report was supplemented by the testimony of Dr. Peterson; and yet, could it be credited! the. Ministry—fearing to offend the Port people, or perhaps lose the votes of the two members for the Port—disagreed to the very sensible proposition, and asked for a report from Dr. Duncan. Could the Treasurer name an instance in which a quarantine hulk had been attended with proper results; and could he say whether it was not usual where plagues existed that there should be a shore station to mitigate the evil as soon as possible! Mr. West-Eiskine on his return from England communicated with the Government and recom mended that the immigrants should be pat on shore in tents where the-action of the air would blow all the contagion away. Bat his suggestion was not entertained. The Government kept 300 or 400 people packed like herrings in the infected vessel. A widespread spirit of disaffection pre vailed, and then a surgeon was appointed and three more ships were chartered for the purpose of making the quarantine as complete as possible. And what was the cost of this arrangement? Thirty pounds a day demurrage was paid to the owners of the British Enterprise, and £40 more a day was paid for the J. L. Hall, the -Ashburton and the Fleu - de Maurice. ThiB made a total cost of £500 a week. If that money had been used for quarantine station on land and the labour brought onshore had been employed, the action of the Go vernment would have commended itself to all sensible men, and we Bhould now have had a quarantine station for any future con tagion which might be brought here. (Cheers.) Then instead of burning the clothes and bedding from the British Enterprise these things were distributed from ship to ship. Altogether the expenses incurred had been betweeu £5,000 and £6.000. (Hear, hear.) A proposal had of late emanated from the Government, now that the danger had passed, to adopt Wauraltee Island as a permanent quarantine station. It was too far away, and if adopted would prove practically useless. It was true that we had so far escaped the infec tion, but it was in spite of the action of the Govern ment, than which nothing could have been worse. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members had heard a great deal from the Commissioner of Croon Lands with reference to the Land Bill. The Minister of Edu cation had always regarded the Sill as of surpassing importance. The hour of half-past 6 having arrived, the sitting was suspended for an hour. Gn the House resuming, Mr. BEES said hon. members would remember that some years ago each successive Ministry was subjected to the strongest denunciations by the Minister of Agriculture and Education for procras tinating on the great subject of land reform. He romcmharcrl thut> thn Kjaii mam hop had flnn'l pH u remembered that the hou. member had applied a couplet to the Hon. A. Blytta, a member of one of the Ministries he condemned, which was to the following effect " What though long years of mutual treachery Had peopled full your Ministerial shelves With ghosts of pledges murdered 'mong your selves. Though each by turn was knave and dupe, what then? A holy league would set all straight again, Like Juno s virtue, which a dip or two In some blessed fountain made as good as new." That was the opinion of the Minister of Agricul ture and Education as far back as 1S74. The first year the hon. member was in office a Land Bill was introduced, and the House was informed by Mr. Boucaut at that time that the hon. member had been allowed to draw it himself. When-the Bill was introduced, however, it was very deservedly laughed out of the House. In the second year the hon. member was in office the Bill was introduced at a late period of the session, when there was no possibility of carrying it, and shortly after its introduction the hon. member said that his enfeebled frame, arising from the hard work for which he had shown so much aptitude, required a change, so that his health might not suffer, and he accordingly went to Mel bourne to see the races. When the hon. member for Stanley once committed the unpardonable sin of going to Melbourne about race-time, Mr. Ward, in his paper, spoke of it in the following terms:— "And it does not say much for the earnestness of the Attorney-General in the matter that he should have gone away to Melbourne before knowing what would be the fate of the BUI in the Council. Under any circumstances it is hardly deceBt that Ministers of the Crown should take their holidays before their work is fairly finished: but for the Attorney General to desert his post with the Land Act un settled. and when ms assistance may be mos-: urgently required respecting it, is more than ordi narily peculiar. It is weU enough known tha< ihe hon. gentleman's political conscience L pretty much teared by this time, but we are still willing to hope he will be some what troubled in his mind when he learn > the position 111 which the measure now stands.'' Was the hon. member troubled in his mind, he Rendered, when he went to resuscitate his skat ttred health at the races? - The hon. member weir to Mr. Quin and asked bim to move that the Sih he read and discharged; but Mr. Quia was too astute, and got Mr. Dariiug to submit the motion (Mr. L arling—" I did not do so at his instigation/') That was nothing to do with the subject (Laughter.) It only showed a lack of earnestness <n the part of the Minister of Agriculture an t Education that such - th.ng was allowed at a'). (Bear, hear.) He did uotthinkthe hon. membir wa-' observed to shed a tear over the funeral obsequie-. of the Biii. (Hear; and Mr. C. gliu—"That's very good.'1) It would be remembered that when the administration of the Crown lands was vested in Mr. Everard, and that gentleman advertised certain lands in Milicent, the hon. member (Mr. Ward, madethe House ring with his philippics and denun ciations of the conduct of Mi. Everard. He very strongly objected to the blocks being thrown open to the squatters to purchase for cash; but still the hon. member was a member of a Ministry wno iu the present year had put up for cash or credit SO,OOb acres, so.- e of which contained improve ments under clause 39 of the Act of 1S7 Perbaps the hon. member would explain how thi came about. It was peculiarly inopportune ti. i the landshould have keen offered at a time when th. fanners had had a very had season, and when the squatters had had such a run of good years the r they could very well afford to have a bad one. Dal the Land Bill before the House this session con ait one salient point advocated by the hon. member ii. past yeais ? Nearly every good principle was the pro duction of the hon. member for East Torrens, Mi Playfoid. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands— "No/') Mr. Playfoid had told him so, and ht knew him to he one of the most high-minded men in the House, who would scorn to say a thing t- at was untrue. (Hear, hear,) tLe now came to a matter in which the Commissioner of Crown Lands had shown his usual vacillation—the sale of the Wirrabara forest reserves. If his memory sirred him aright, the Minister of Agriculture and Education said two years ago that he knew every inch of this land. How came it, with this know ledge, that he did not consult with his colleague before he placed himself in the unenviable position of being compelled at the behest of the Register newspaper to withdraw the reserves from sale. The action of the Government in this matter exhi bited not only the incompetency of the Commit sioner of Crown Lands, but the peculiar vacilla tion he had shown in this and other matters. A serious wrong had been done to the colonial manu facturers by the conduct of the Government, anu especially by the conduct of the Commissioner 01' Public Works. The Government had called fo tenders for 200 wagons, and had not received a &ingle; tender from the colonial manufacturers at - time when business all over the colony was ver slack. Mr. Kamsayhad told the House recently that there was a growing feeling among manufac turers that they were not receiving fair play fron: the Commissioner of Public W orks. Not only wa that feeling growing, but it would soon be wide spread. Already, as Mr. Pickering had told them skilled artisans were leaving this colony for Mel bourne and New South Wales. It was not to < much to say that this state of things was largel. owing to the stupid conditions appended to th contracts. The time in which tenders had to b sent in was absurdly short, considering the nature of the communications which had to be made with England and the means by which these had to be made. The colonial manufacturer was called upon not only to provide materials for the manufacture, but he had to placi them iu position at a particular plaee. Ii the manufacturers fixed the wagons in their shopE it was all the Government could, be thought, expect or that fair play would dictate. (Hear, hear.) He now came to consider a question in which the Commissioner of Crown Lands was intimatel) connected. It would be in the recollection of ttu Council that a good deal of ill feeling had beei caused through the appointment by the Council o! Education of Mr. Minns to the Euudle-stree School. Mr. Minns had lei ters of recommendatio:, from the tier. James Bickford and from the Com missionerof Grown Lands. (L'be Commissioner o: Crown Lands—"I never heard his name/') At ah events the hon. member knew him very well now. and be would connect the hon. member with tha; gentleman presently in a way the hon. member dik not expect. Mr. Minns without any enquiry being made and by means of sectarian influence wa placed in one of the largest schools in the colony. At the very time the appointment was made an advertisement appeared in all the papers asking fo. applications for this particular office. He asked what reparation hod been made to the large body of teachers in this colony who at the present moment looked with much anxious feeling at the action ot tne jjoara or Jtaucation in inese ma.ier* He should ha< e thought that this particular aci would have been & warning to Mr. Hartley, the President of the Council, and to the otne< members not to perpetrate such acts in the future. He might mention that Mr. Salom had commis sioned him to say that the circumstances he ha ' mentioned were unknown to him. When Mr. Hartley was asked on a recent occasion whether or not there were teachers in the colony fit to fii. positions which would otherwise be given to teachers from neighbouring colonies he said— instead of saying in a straightforward and manly .way that there were not—"I would rather noi 'answer that question." With regard to the ' appointment of Mr. firoadbent, the Commissionm of Crown Lands had put it that he had slight interest in the young man, and had appeale l to the House somewhat ad misericordiam. The young man. who was uncertificated, was app duted with the full concurrence of the Commissioner of Crown Lands to a school at Kangarilia. Here he pioved an utter failure, aud he was taken to the Training School, and there not only was his trial paper labelled "childish," but a communication was sent to Mr. Hartley to the efi'ect that it was utterly hopeless to attempt to make the young man a teacher; And the President of the Council knowing all tins, the young man was notwith standing sent to the Bundle-street SchooL The Commissioner of Crown Lands might say that he did not know anything about it, out he was in formed on very reliable authority that Mr. Minns was the guest of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and •. that he told him that the young man was utterly unqualified for any school. There was a regula , tion which required that a schoolmaster should apply to the Board before he carried out duties other than those connected with his immediate scholastic duties. Mr. Minna, be understood, was the agent for an Insurance Company in Melbourne, and he was informed that the Commissioner of Crown Lands was his bond. (The Commissioner of Crown Lauds—" What is that to do with it!") It had this much to do with it—that the hon. mem ber was a party to the breach iof regulations which had been committed. The COMMISSIONER of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. J. Carr)—I must explain that I never was his bondsman, and that I never offered to be his bondstran until he ceased to" be connected with thg Board of Education. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BEES, resuming, said he considered that ex planation highly satisfactory. (Hear and laugh ter.) At the same time he would rather make fifty mistakes in matters of detail than allow the success of a system of education to be materially inter fered with. He would cordially support a proposal for a Commission to enquire into the operation of the Board of Education. Most of them would re member the speech with which the Minister of Agriculture and Education introduced the Educa tion Act. He quoted these lines in reference to the system:— "Then crime Bhall cease and arrant fraud shall fail, Beturning Justice lift aloft her scale; Peace to the world its magic wand extend. And white-robed innocence from Heaven de scend." . He took "white-robed innocence" to be the Minister of Agriculture and Education. (Hear and laughter.) How had his predictions been verified? Had the Board of Education gone out in the highways and hedges to bring the poor and the ignorant under the compulsory clauses of the Act? Had anything been aone to make the system cosmopolitan? The Minister of Agri culture and Education, speaking at North Adelaide a few days ago, had told them that the compulsory clauses could not be brought into force at the present moment because of the insufficiency of the accommodation. He understood that two schools bad been closed at North Adelaide Surely these might have been utilized for the larrikins. He beard with great pleasure that the compulsory clause had been brought into operation in England with signal success. If our Education Act was to be carried out in its integrity something should be done in this direction. The Minister of Education was the proper person to do it, and, failing to do it, he was deserving of censure. At the Legislative Council election, Dr. Peel made a statement, (which attracted a good deal of atten tion, to the effect that the children of the rich were being introduced into our schools to the exclusion of the children of the poor. In his usual Quixotic manner the Minister of Agriculture and Education went into his office, and, for the sake or gaining a little ephemeral popularity, he addressed a letter to the Board of Education stating that the state of things to which Dr. Peel had alluded must cease. At the moment the hon. member was writing this letter his own son was at the North Adelaide School. (The Minister of Education aDd Agriculture—"It is entirely un true.") He was very much surprised to hear such an interruption. Did the hon. member dare to tell him that his two sons had not been at Mr. Walters^ school? (The Minister of Agriculture and Education—" I do.'") Not one of the hon. member'6 children? (The Minister of Agri culture and Education—"They have never been there in their lives.") He would go on to another phase of the education question. He hoped that the hon. member would not deny the next point, as he was very careful in what he had to say. One of the first acts of Mr. Ward on his return to office was to spoil the sale of the leases of lands dedicated to the Council of Educa tion. It was stated in his paper that these lands could be monopolized by one individual owing to the way in which the five thousand acre blocks were cut up. This drew down upon the Council of Education the indignation of the country, and a correspondence took place on the subject. One letter-writer ("Pro Bono Publico") was worth quoting. One passage in his first letter was—" I trust the present Ministry of action will send these incapable and corrupt officials about their business, and put honest meu in their places." But subse quently the same writer wrote to say that what he had said was on the authority of the hon. mem ber's paper, and freely apologized for what he had written. Mr. Murray, who was then in the Council, said that he had felt very deeply on the subject. (Mr. Cogltn—" What! a Scotch man feel deeply.") And as to the subdivision of the blocks Mr. Ward's paper had made a statement which was absolutely incorrect, and led to the beliet that the Council were-not pre pared to have done so. it had been well pointed out by Mr. Playford that the Council of Education bad lost a large sum of money by the action of the Slioifcter of Education, and he thought it was no breach of confidence to say that Mr. Hawker would have beeD glad to pay any Government for what he on this occasion had got from the present Government for nothing. Mr. Salom was much annoyed at what had been stated by the Minister, and said that the intention of the Council of Education was the contrary of that stated. What had been the result of all this ? Apart from the fact that they had lost the rent acciuingfrom these lands for eight months, the Minister in his paper had said, " We have received a large number of communications stating tnat the withdrawal of the blocks will piove a great boon to the fanners.'" But that had not been the case, and on the con trary the leases bad passed lor the icost part into the hands of squatters, though some farmers of course had suited themselves with blocks. But not content with the afisolute apology that the Com missioner of i'uci.c \\\ crks had made for him in the House—he said he legietted it—the Commis sioner of Crown Lands had gone down afterwards to Willunga and repeated the statements that had been apologized for, and the Minister of Education himself at Edithburgh repeated them again. He ventured to believe that many of the mistakes Mr. Hartley had made—and that he had made mistakes no one would deny—might have been avoided if the Minister had shown that esprit de corps towards those who were under him in his depart ment which was right and proper. And now, to lake up another subject, the Hon. Minister of Edu cation was a man wno never spoke of a person but in the language of hyperbule. and what had he said about the Commissioner of Public Works recently I He thought the hon. member might well have been overcome y such fulsome compliments. He had said that the present Commissioner of Public Works was the very best Commissioner that the colony had ever had, and that he was carrying out our system of railways cheaper than the contractors could do. He ventured to doubt the stalemeal, hut if the Minister of Education could prove it he was sure hon. members would be delighted. But to show the fertility of the hon. member's brain be would put forward one or two facts that had come within his knowledge. In regard to the making of a part of the Buria and Hallett Kail way, which had been the result of what he could only call the Commissioner's bungling, the Itne rra> cariied out—as was said some time ago—by day labour, and in spite of the warning of a resident ol the Burra that the embankments would be flooded away the work had been gone on with in such a way that additional culverts and other worlas were required when the floods of the winter washed away nearly two-thirds of the earthworks completed. (Commissioner of Pub'ic Works— "Ho.") That he thought was perfectly correct. - The Burra paper of the week before last said that two-tlriids of the line had been completed, but that j owing to Government obstinacy it had been so damaged by floods as to involve the recon struction of a large section, and it added that the Government had now decided to raise the embankments several feet, and construct culverts of more capacity. Thus this system ol the Government had proved, with all tnat was said, a penny wise-and-pound-foolish systtm. So much for the statement made by the Minister of Education, which had been very pro perly contradicted by the hon. member for Mount Barker when the Minister was glorifying his col league. Another matter of indictment against the Commissioner of Public Works was that he had even robbed the hon. member for Encounter Bay of the credit of some of the appointments he had made in the public service. Some of these had been good appointments. He had appointed the Harbour Engineer, which was a good one; also the Locomotive Engineer, whom he believed to be also agood man for the work; aud he had appointed the Traffic Manager. There was a saying that anew broom swept clean, but be had gone to work at least in a right earnest way. The hon. member had also appointed Mr. Wright and Mr. Mullins, and with all these appointments he had sought to rob the hon, member of the credit of making them. (Hear, hear.) A very good thing that he had seen lately in a very old hook that hon. members had no doubt lead inany times had struck him. Swift said—" I never wonder to see men wicked, but I often wonder to see them not ashamed." (Laughter.) He did not wonder to see the Com missioner of Public wicked, but he did much wonder that he was not ashamed of himself. (Laughter.) Our railway works were most im portant, and it was very necessary to carry out the wise words that had fallen from Mr. Lindsay from time to time, and devise a.system of cheap rail ways throughout the country. But the conditions of our contracts were such as no contractor could do work under, as they were tyrannical (Mr. Bichardsfmade a remark inaudible in the gallery.) He hoped the hon. member for Wallaroo would abstain from mating such remarks. j The SPEAKEB had not heard the remark of the hon. member. If he heard any offensive remark made he would interfere. Mr. BEES, in what he had said about the con ditions of contracts, was borne out by several contractors whom-he could name—Messrs. Fry, Baillie, and Chapman. The conditions were such as to allow tyranny in the carrying out of contracts. (The Commissioner of Public Works—" Point them out.") He would do so, and one of them was vesting in the hands of one man the power to Bay that a woik was well or badly done—a power which frequently was used tyrannically. There had been a necessity for the alteration of conditions at home, and the matter had been taken up by the Institu tion of Civil Engineers and the Royal Institution of British Architects, and a change made in favour of arbitration in cases of disputes about the carrying out of contracts. Regulations of this land had been adopted in the colony owing to their having come into use in Victoria, where there was a plethoiaof wealth, and thecountry was charged high rates by contractors who had been brought theace by Mr. Mais. The attention of the Commissioner of Public Works had been drawn to the stringency of these conditions, and although he had denied that they were so, it had been asserted in the news papers to the'Contrary; and he would rather taka the statement of grievance by the contractors than the hon. member's that no such tyranny as was complained of could be exercised. He now came to make a few remarks about the question of the appointments of Justices of the Peace. He verily believed that Mr. White had been too severely : punished. Here, as in other communities, we were attacked with spasmodic fits of morality (laughter)—and we overdid what was then done; and that was the case with Mr. White of Kapunda. But when Mr, White was struck off the roll of Justices of the Peace by the hon. wsmhw for Encounter Bay. who by that action had lost his vote, he did not think that this Government had done well in now reappointing him. H a wrong had been done him, they should not have allowed so much time to elapse, but should have "re appointed him as soon as they were in a position to do so. What tbey had done in delaying the matter madq the offence against Mr. White more: unpardonable. Why did they not appoint him before! (Mr. White—" He might not then have taken it.") It would haveheenwell had the hon. member not taken it nt all - It-wan no use for the Government to deny this Justice of the Peace ship had been hawked about Kspnnda, and they would not care, be was sure, tohearMr. Vatiwajr all that he could eay upon' tbe eubject, orto neat what Mr. MoniB of Anlaby knew atontit. He no w wished to prove the personal mmtoegs of ito Commissioner of Public Works, and in order to/lo so would call' attention to she way' to which' he : scolded .deputations when they; did not please him. He had 'done so with the deputation from Port Wakefield headed by the boh. member" for Wooroora. He bad scolded (hem, he tod admonished them, he had wept over their sins —(laughter)—and talked to them in a most excited maimer. Surely a gentleman should be able to '■ keephis temper in a position Uke that of the Com missioner of Public Works. (The Commissioner of . Crown Lands—"Were there any tears f') He might-' 'be able to supply the tears. (Laughter.) He could not forgetthe conduct of the ton. member to him self and Mb colleague wheuhe had appeared in. their district some time ago. They were excluded - from the laying of the foundation-stone, kept out" of their proper seats at the banquet, and in the - evening thehon. gentleman bad wound up by interrupting Mm when he was making statements - with reference to the Chief Secretary which were as true as the Commandments. (Laughter.) - He did so, to use the words of Mr. Disraeli, in language unknown in the vocabulary of a gentleman, and he had Bince allowed Ms conduct to remain unexplained and. nnapologized for. His constituents did not, how ever, care to .see him treated in that, ungentle manly way, as he had always been in the nabit of treating the Commissioner with courtesy, and they had shown their feeling in the matter. But he could nottake statements as thehon. member could,, for he had been brought up in a different school and had a little nicer sense of honour than tire gentleman who had been called liar with a strong adjective to it without resenting it. Xa reference to the question of defence, the Commissioner of Public Works bad sought to mimic Mr. Boucaut's report and the allusion in it to a gunboat. But he had found that tbe same class of gunboat was being recommended by Mr. Seed, the late Constructor of the Navy, for the defence of some of the porta And if the £1S,0J0 had not been struck off so recklessly by the Go vernment, we would have had something which would have mounted a gun, and sneaked about to prevent an invasion. Then about the volunteers. The matter of a defence force had not been touched till it was forced upon the Government by the people showing that they bad patriotism' and were prepared to take up arms for the defence of their hearths and homes. They then acted; but only to tbe extent of enrolling 1,000 men out of 4,000 ready to come forward, thus disappointing three thousand men who were willing to have joined a force. He bad bad letters from his own district regretting that the Ministry had not availed themselves of the services of those who were willing to volunteer. He censured the Ministry in this particular point,, believing the provision they made was ridiculous.. He would now refer to the question of the tariff. aDd he tod no hesitation in saying that the ' present tariff was lamentably unsatisfactory. He believed the one it succeeded was better. (Mr. Boss—" No.") The Treasurer knew so little about it when it was before the House that his "No" did. not mean much. It appeared to him that the tariff was founded on the principle of throwing a sop to every member of the House. During its progress ffirough the House deputations worried the Treasurer immensely. He gave way to thstn in every possible manner, and tne tariff at present was a thing of shreds and tatters. Every article that was used by the working men was taxed under it, but not tbe slightest provision was made for taxing those meat friends of bit Henry Ayera—the absentees and the rich classes of the colony. A. feeling had been aroused that this tariff had very decidedly interfered with our relations with New South WaleB. It was the object of Mr. Hawker, in devising the tariff which was to have beensubmitted when the vote of no confidence was passed, to have submitted such a one as would hold out the bond of association to New South Wales; but instead of that our relations with that colony had been very seriously impaired. Our convention with her had been renewed on veiy largely increased terms, which he ventured to say would not have been the. case if Mr. Hawkers tariff had been carried. Besides which we were placed at a disadvantage in regard to other matters connected with = the Murray trade. What was the opinion of the Ministry at the present moment on the subject of taxation? They were absolutely silent on the subject, although the Minister of Agriculture and the Commissioner of Public Works were members of a Government who absolutely clamoured for taxation, who were parties to a special session of Parliament to pass a Stamps Bill which met with, a gieat deal of opposition in Adelaide and e se where, and who promised that if the Boucaut Ministry went into recess they would devise a. system of taxation which would spread over ail classes of the community. The Commissioner of Public Works, however, with his slippery memory, said at Willunga—" Taxation was the keystone or Mr. BoucauPs policy, fie said we could not borrow without the additional taxation to sustaia cur credit." Had the present Government adopted Mr. Boucaut's policy in that respect? As he said before, the present Government were silent on the subject of taxation, and when this was the case the hon. gentleman must be suffering: from mental obliquity—not to call it by any oth--r i atr,e—when he spoke thus, having been a party to thrusting down the throats of South Australians the system of stamp taxation, which was so decidedly objectionable to many of them- Sir Henry Ayers contradicted his colleagues at th s juncture. In November, 1875, he said, "The next position taken by the Council was that the revenue to be raised under the stamps Bill would be alto gether inefficient to •• Ire up the deffciency in the revenue required«u-.. then again, "Thefactwas the property class knew their interests were safe in the keeping of the Council." He honestly believed that, and he believed that the hon. gentleman was actuated by the sentiment mentioned iu "Hudi bras " What is't to us if taxes rise or fall; Thanks to my influence, we pay none at all.'' (A laugh.) To his mind the Treasurer ought to give up his office or be expelled from it. He was introduced to the House by a flourish of trumpets which would have required modification if applied to the greatest statesman who ever lived, and great predictions had been made as to his career. But he made a pitiable exhibition of himself whenever be undertook the charge of a Bill ih that House. His speeches had been below mediocrity for a statesman, and amongst the many who heard him. lie had only one admirer in the person of the great statesman Mr. John Dunn, who clapped him on the back when he had done bis Budget speech and said, " Boss, I am proud of you." (Laughter.) He regretted to say—only of the hon. gentleman in his political capacity ; he yielded to none in his personal respect for the hon. member — that in bis relations with hon. members of that House equally as good as himself, his conceit was so very great, his self - complacence —(laughter) — and egotism were such — (con ticuea laughter) — that he took the outward deference paid to him by his brother members as 60 much direct tribute to his unquestionable superiority. He utterly denied his superiority. He had seen many incapable men on the Tieasury benches, but he ventured to say that the present Treasurer was the most incapable man who ever sat there. (Laughter.) And he would say another thing in reference to the tariff', that it brought most distinctly to his mind that Mr. Morgan was not far wrong in his speech at the Town Hall when he classed the Ministry m that celebrated epigram: - "There were men on the Treasury benches who were able but not honest, men who were honest but not able, and men who were neither able nor honest. (Laughter.) The Treasurer's position strongly reminded him of an old fable. When Mercury descended from above to see the estimation in which he was held by mortals he strutted into the shoo of a statuary dealer where he saw the busts of various gods.. He asked, "How much will you sell this bust for ?" alluding to one of himself.. "Ob," replied the dealer, "if you take one of the great gods, you shall have that for nothing. Now, what with the Jupiter Tonans of the Commis sioner of Public WorkB, and he did not know what divinity of the Minister of Agriculture, Mr. Boss was the Mercury of the occasion, and they could throw him in for nothing. Now he came to the ■ Commissioner of Crown Lands, and to show his utter incapacity to deal with anything. Hon. members would recollect the very serious water famine which last season overtook the inhabitants of the Peninsula, in consequence of which laWiu' were absolntely starving for want of water. How did the Commissioner of Crown Lands deal wicn that most serious matter? He received the most urgent appeals from all parts of the Peninsula on. the subject, and for four months he gave it his most serious consideration. Mr. Goyder made a report on the subject, and at last came the answer from the Commissioner—"If yon win use your rates in providing stills to meet this want of water. tneGovemment will subsidize them; and this when the inhabitants were walking on a volcano. The indignation of the people brought - him to his senseB. and then he began to grapple = with the question, and stated that the Government - were prepared to guarantee at cost price tne extending of the distilling apparatus at the . i811'' Moonta Mines for the benefit of the • mbabitmits; and to tbe credit of the mining proprietors, they consented to this. After all when the distilling apparatus was put up it only provided a gallon ami a half per head; but fortunately for tbe Ministry they seemed to live under some luckystar. Providence interfered on their behalf, and a copious shower of rain fell, removing the necessities of the people. But what position did hon. men bets for that dis'rict occupy on tbe occasion * He was a member of the Sanita tion Commission, which had taken into conside ration a hoase-to-boaee water supply for the - Peninsula, and had recommended that the ques tion should be dealt with. He did not think ft was a breach of confidence to say that he absolutely drafted the -paragraph referring to the subject himself: hut notwithstanding that fact he allowed the people of the Peninsula to have the seeds of fever planted in their midst in consequence of the foul water winch they had been compelled to consume. Hid tile Commissioner of Crown lands show that force of character and self-reliance in a time of emergency that he shonld have done? Now he came to another matter of declaration of the Ministry. Hating the recess they seized every opportunity of sounding their trum pets, and on one of those occasions—the memorable dinner at Willucga—Mr. Colton said—*' Hia amendment was not directed against {Mr. 'Boncaui's policy, but was in -consequence of the action of that gentleman in taking into his Ministry from the other mde of the House men who were his opponents, and had tor* saken his friends." The hon gentleman bad done exactly tbe same thing himself.' B# went to Sir ■ -Henry Ayeis—one of bis greatest opponents and one of the greatest enemies South \- Australia ever knew. -Mr.' Ward—"No,") : If Mr. Boucant was guilty of treachery,: Mr. Colton" was guilty of the biackesu \- treachery. The Commissioner then went on to ; say—"Had the -present Government adopted Mr. Boucaut's policy with regard to thj outer harbour, Mr. Morgan and Mr. Boncaut, he was sure, would do Mm the justice to say that he was never particularly swee: on this, and he was glad the Government never adopted it." Let the Minister of Education answer this. Bon. members knewthat there had been no stouter supporter or warmer advocate of the scheme tlati the Minister Agriculture. Did he not quotawatistics to who w (fiat there would be a saving of £5.0,0U0 if the outer haroour scheme was carried out, and wind up by asking— " Why should we eee with dead men's eyes, Lookiug at was from morn till night. Whtfn the beauteous <kow, the divine to &e.; Was with their charms our liviug sight." .Andan hon. member who advocated a scheme like this-dared to throw dirt at the hon. member for Encounter Bay because he was a party to advo cating and initiating this scheme, tie would ask the House whether the Minister of Education and Agriculture was not on one or other of the horns of a dilemma—whether in making that ■speech he had-given that fair consideration to the subject which its importance demanded, or whether he. was merely making rash statements to meet tbe ephemeral popularity which resulted to Mm at the time. Then the Commissioner of Public Works asked, "Had they adopted Mr. Boucvut's Silicy with 'regard to the Mennooites or Bishop ugtnor..? Ho; he was exceedingly glad they had not. It would have involved the community in an expenditure of £30,000 or £40,000;" and then when some < ne called out " Half a millien" he added that "he thought it would have been half a million 'before the thing was ended." The matter of Bishop Bugnion was arranged by the locum tefient or the Minister of Agriculture himself -when he was recruiting his mv-loable frame in Melbourne, by the ATtomey-General, the present Chief Justice. (Mr. Ward—"I knew nothing of it.") Well, he ought to have been in his office, and then he would have known it, and he should have strongly censured Ms hon. colleague for "this most preposterous scheme," as he had since denounced it. He <Mr. Bees) still believed in the scheme. The Minister of Agricul ture and Education bad been two years in office, and bad done i-othiug to resuscitate the fallen {fortunes of tbe Northern Territoiy; auh here at least was a dernier ressort wbicb be might have initialed. He threw dirt ou this unfortunace prelate, and when the Commissioner of Public Works telegraphed to the Agent-General an en quiry was made, and the Bight Hon. William Gowper Temple, Mif., stated that "the dLhop Bugnion is a true, earnest, disinterested, trust worthy Christian, but not always practical in busi ness. Has a Church at Mauritius." Bishop Bugnion, after he left the colony, at any rate bthaved in a business-like -way, and made arrange ments in San Francisco for the shipping of the Mcnuunites, and applied to the Government for a ratification of the agreement made with him; but when lie reached .Nebraskahe could do nothing because he did not receiveit. Bi.hop Bug.-iion's credentials were admirable, and he thought ar least it would have been -advisable to get some of tbe Kusstans into tbe Northern Territory, if oniy by way of experiment. _ Mr. Oolton again asked— Had liiey adopted Air. Boucaul s policy Willi regard to railways? Hewould explain io a minute or two, with regard to this policy, that it was no more Mr. Boucaut's than it was anybody else's." Be would answer the lion, member by his colleague the Minister for Agriculture and Education. On November 24, 1875, the hon. gentleman said — •" This policy, of which the Premier most disin teiestedly made the late Ministry a present, oat which they bad not bad ihe courage and breadth 01 mind .to accept, should have been proposed yeais ago." And sli ortly af terwards-4'Beforehis colleague, Mr. Boucaut, was in office he put before ttie House, a schtme for developing the reBJurces of the colony, which the late Government, if they had been men enough to grapple with the diffi culty of the situation, might have taken up. Be in , dated it before he was in office, and before lie knew he was likely to be, and that was certainly generosity on his part." lie had answered, he thought, this particular matter- through the Ministry themse'ves, but he would trace this system of taxation a step further. The Commis sioner of Public Works at Kooringa during the ■recess said the marked difference between the ■present Ministry and that of which Mr. Boucaut was ihe head was that the former did not consider that taxation was necessary to maintain the creuit •of the colony His policy had always been and always would be against tue imposition of taxes uuiess he saw that they were absolutely necessary." After what he had sho -n ■he thought he should not be trespassing on the rules of debate to say that from these incou •fciiHtnc'icB the lion, member must be mistaking dissimulation for diplomacy. Sir H. Ayers had clamoured for taxation, hut now there was not the slightest provision made for the increased expandi tuieon establishments and on public works to meet the difficulty which would unquestionably arise. And now he would say a word with iererence to the pretensions of the Government for the future, fie was sui prist d to hear Mr. Quia state th.tr. the opening address of this session was the b.-st he bad ever heard in his life. It struck out no fresh track. Ai-y works which were proposed were a mere rcdatbffc of the pohcy which had been settled befi re cue Government went into office, and, most lamentable of ail, it postponed the day of reckoning. Of ail the voluminous, tedious, wordy documents lie had ever lead commend him to tiiis last speech. The education questiou was not touched, the Victor Barbour question remained as it was, and so did the question of railway extension, except that a line from Bamley Bridge to Balakiava was promisee, which would conciliate five members of the House. Attention was called to the necessity for an amendment in the Supreme Court procedure. Bui the Government were not going to found that upon the .English Judicature Act, but upon the Queensland measure; aud he ventured to say nothing would be done in the matter at affi It contemplated one of the most monstrous Bills he ever read in his lite—the City Drainage Bill— which he could not go into that moment except to express his surprise that such a Bill, with no fixed principles, and reckoned to involve an expenditure of '£300,COO in the first instance, aud which was raised to ,£500,000 by a leap of Councillor Banbury, should be taken in hand—as he had bend it would be—by the Government. He believed the Govern ment were taking charge of this Bill in order to conciliate the citizens; but from wlwt he had heard whispered in town he thought it was j ust possible thai the Government would not introduce it at all. They all knew vety well how Sir Henri Ayeis defeated in the Upper House a good consolidated Eeal Property Act, which would have repressed grievances, and would at least have put on a proper footing the real property in South Australia. They had his <t»ir H. Ayere's) opinion, against that of Mr. Gawler, whohad given years and years to aconside ration of the subject, when be said that the difficul ties that were in the Heal Property Act could be grappled with in about half an hour by about half a dozen clauses. But directly he was iu office he introduced a Bill consisting of 70 clauses, with provisions amounting to 20 or 3'J clauses more, and a pile of schedules. This was the manner in which Sir Henry Ayers could tamper with Government in South Australia, using for his own purposes cer tain measures when he was in ofbce, and opposing them tooth and nail when out of office. 1'he fact was the hon. gentleman wore his opinions as he were his coat. As to the Hon. Mr. Glyde he rejoiced to see that hon. gentleman back again in the House. (Hear, hear.) He always admired one who had the courage to give expression to his opinions when they were unpopular. When Mr. Glyde went down to the South-East to address the electors, what did the Ministerof Agri culture and Education do? He went down to Edithburgh, and while the election was pending made a inoBt uncalled for and wicked attack od Mr. Cj'uc with a view of prejudicing the election, ana his colleagues wrote leaders all over the dis trict with the same object. (Mr. Colton—" Don't others?") The Minister of Education bad pointed with pride and satisfaction to a meeting at Milli cent, and augured from that the defeat of Mr. Glyde. At that meeting there was some discussion in reference to a local road, and the other candi date stated that he had arranged the matter with .the Government, leading to the inference that he was a much more worthy man to represent the district, than Mr. Glyde. (Mr. Colton—"it was in print before that took place.'") He (Mr. Rees) asked hon. members to show their disappreciation ■of such conduct as that. The Minister of Agricul ture and Education had shown htm no kindness; -on the contrary he had treated him in a manner that lie should never forget when he was depending ■on his character to make him what he was, and bad heaped oblcquy and opprobrium on him when he had never done the hon. member any ill turn iu his life. Of him he might truly say, he "Ne'er blush'd unless in spreading vice's snares He -blundered on some virtue unawares " -(Loud cheers.) It might be said with reference to his recent conduct to Mr. Glyde—conduct which should not be encouraged in that House, and wac -foreign to the instincts of a man, to say oothiag oi a gentleman— "Yet his tongue's dropped foulest slime, And he's spent his leisure time. Casting mud on those who climb , By work and w«rth." >Lear' Llea,r-) Still, notwithstanding all Mr. Ward's abusei he feltthat fromtheexhibitionof repentance the other day when he mourned over the conduct of the Ecgts'.er officials who trampled on his leelirgs ibei e was some hope of his turning over a new leaf. Therewas a silver lining lo every cloud, and pei haps this death-bed repentance migh' eventuate in bis joining the Commissioner of Crown Lands m the work of local preaching. (Laughter.) Sheridan had said on one occasioc of a very black person that he thought the devil «ra^ a gentleman. andOrigen.and l'illotson even did'noi 1 despair of his conversion. (Laughter.) In the i same way be did net despair of the conversion ! of the Minister of Agricultuie and Education (Laughter.) Of Sir Henry Ayere he might fairly 6ay that the bou. gentleman had never initiated a measure; he had only been true to one party, and that party was himself: and he had shown from his first entry into public life to the present time a hardness of heart that was perfectly extraordinary. It was a bad thing for any country when charlatans were not wanting and dupes were not wanting; and when charlatans like Sir Henry Ayers trampled on every pledge they had made, as if oaths were nothing, what had been the conduct of Sir Henry Ayers? A few years ago he said that ad valorem duties would ruin the country; a week afterwards he was aX the bead of a Ministry and carried them out. He said Mr. Goyder's valuations were disgraceful and would ruin the squatters, and afterwards he repaid the friendship of the squatters by supporting the valuations in order to retain office. The hon. gentleman would actually have opposed the Trans continental Telegraph, which had wrought such HDmeasurable benefit on the colony, if he had been in the colony, which fortunately he was not. And yet heaccepted tbehonour of knighthood for services that, would have been on the other side. (Cheers.) (Then therewas bis connection with taxation. When, he was out of office it was everything—now it was, nothing. When he was out of office he could not, sanction the borrowii"? of £3,000,000, but now he was spending more whpn the state of the colony j wje not so suspicions as it had been. The hon. gentleman was reticent because he was not original; he picked the brainB of others that he might get into office; he was not high-minded, he was no statesman, and .was merely an instrument in the handB of the dojninant party for the moment. He whs all things to all men without the apostle's ability. (Laughter.) Whatever might be the re sult of the vote of no confidence that day he (Mr. Bees) for his part did not fear in the slightest to. say in face of the whole country that he had no belief in the occupants of the Treasury benches. (Cheers.) They were thoroughly incompetent men. (Cheers.) They were a deputation-hunted, time serving, ail-things-to-all-men. Ministry. They had been the medium of carrying through the Legislative Council, where the policy of Mr. Boucaut had sustained the most factious opposi tion, a part of that policy which was for the benefit of the colony not only in the present but in the future, and having done that their mission was in his opinion ended. (Cheers.) Mr. LINDSAY said he was one of the Opposi tion members; but for a matter of that- he wa always an opponent to nearly everybody in that House. (Laughter.) He believed he was light, and the majority wrong. (Laughter.) He nan listened attentively to the leading items composing the iudictrnent against the present Government. He was generally indisposed to frequent changes of Government; but.there were exceptional cases in which it was desirable that the Governinen: should be ousted. But in turning out a Govern ment, their successors ought to carry out a better policy than they had been able to do. Ir the present case he did not know what th< policy of the Opposition was, and he hoped that before this debate was terminated the leading members of the opposition would state ia wdai respect their policy differed from that of the pre sent Government. (Cheers.) Foremost amongst the items composing the iudictrnent against tat conduct of the present Ministry was the appoint ment of Justices of tiie Peace. The charge pre ferred against them now was one, however, thai other Governments nnuhi be open to ; in tact, si far hack aB 1857 great dissatisfaction was causec by the appointment of a J.P. iu the hiorih. Still a step forward in this matte. Bliould be made, and the present was a good a time as any to do it. The charge that he had himself to make against the Govern ment were several. First came a crime that ht thought ought to be gibbetted in the comic papers, aLd it was one for which they ought to be utterly annihilated— it was the sanction of three railwaj gauges in this colony. (Laughter.) He had beei. spoken of by-Geoffrey Crabthom as the "member who waged war to the knife on the question ol gauges,'' and he considered that the highest com pliment that could be paid to him, for he did not regard the matter as a trifling one. To sanction three different gauges in a new country like thu was one of the most monstrous things that could possibly be done. The second crime wfucii he preferred against the Government Wie the reckless introduction of a considerable number of unsuitable immigrants. He believed that the system of immigration sanctioned by that House was altogether erroneous. The Government had also neglected to enquire into the most feasible means of giving accommodation to large oceau stermeis in or at Port Adelaide, meir policy in that respect had been one of utter imbecility. Nothing had been done but the abortive attempt to remove the outer sand bar— a work which would never be accomplished, as the bar filled up as soon as it was cleared away. Then, again, the Govern ment were attempting to make railways re productive by imposing high passenger fare.> on lines of small traffic — (Sear, near) — a procedure which faecoulu nut con -emn toos rongly. The heaviest charges agaiDBt the Government wer. those brought for ward by Mr. iiees. lie eympa thized with a great deal Mr. flees bad said about Bishop Bugnion, and believed if the arrangements initiated with him had been carried out the Northern Territory would have beeu in a very much better positiun. Mr. Bees used some very strong expressions, observing that the occupants ol the Treasury benches seemed well nigh paraiyz rd. He (Mr. Lindsay) believed tiiey were, but he wu afraid if they were turned out and five other men put in their places it would be just the saut. Men that had vigour and power when they were on the Opposition side seemed to be almoa; p=ralyzed as soon as they took seats on tue Trcasuiy benches, so that he was afraie there was not much prospect of improvement He had listened to the programme that ha put forward by the Government, aad he should give his vote so that the best policy should be car ried out. Tenders for wagons had beeu referred to, and what Mr. Bees said upon that seemed to be one ot the strongest indictments against the Go vernment. In order to put the matter more cieauy he would move to add to the motion the word; "On the following grounds, namely—1. That the: have sanctioned three railway gauges." (Rja-s o laughter.) He could assure hou. members it was no laughing matter. The SPLAKKR would point out that the Ministry had not done that. It was the House mac ua>. passed the Bills. Mr. LINDSAY—Then he must omit that. The oilier words oi his amendment were as follows:— " That they have recklessly introduced unsuitable immigrants at the public expense; that they have neglected to enquiic mto the most feasible scheme of getting accomuiod.ctii n at or near Port Adelai-n for ocean steamers; that they have attempted to make the railways reproductive by imposing high faies upou the lines ot smail traffic instead ol raising a revenue for the lines of large traffic." Mr. BOUCAUT, on a point of order, submitted Mr. Lindsay might say the Government had sup ported the measures which author.zed the gauge he referred to. The SPEAKER—They were sanctioned and cauied by the House. Mr. BOUCAUT—Surely the hon. member had a right to a6k the House to affirm that there shook' be an amendment of the system. The SPEAKER—That would be quite in order i1 he would give Dotice of it. Mr. RAMSAY seconded the amendment. On the motion of the COMMISSIONER ol PUBlIO WORKS, the debate was adjoumeu au ; made an Older lor next day ADJOURNMENT. The other business was rearranged, and the House adjourned at 9.-10 till next day at 2 o'clock. 