TALES, & SKETCHES A TERRIBLE INTERVIEW. I was in-.the library, waiting to; receive Mr. Harringford. ' A bright'fire blazed on the hearth, the table-was strewn with = papers Munro hod' brought.to me from the office,' the gas was allnblazo, and the room looked bright -and cheerful—-as bright and as cheerful as if no ghost had ever been heard of in connection j iwithit. '-.-v. .!;: . ... j • At a.few- minutes past nine my;yisitor! arrived. :Mrs;-Stott ushered him; into the j library; and ho entered,the room evidently in tending to shake hands with me, which civility •I affeoted not to notice.; r After the first words of, greeting .were, ex changed, I asked if. he would have . tea, or coffee, or wine; and finding ho rejected all offers' of refreshment, I rang the bell and told Mrs. Stott I could dispense with her attendance for the night.; ; ; " Do you mean to tell me you stay in this houBe entirely alone ?" asked my visitor. . "TJntil Mrs. , Stott came I wsb quite alone," I answered. ' /:!; .':•••> ." I r would-not have done it for any.con :rideration";heremarked., ; v ." Possibly not," I replied.; People are dif ferently constituted." . It was not long , before we got to business. His; offer of # twSve hundred pounds I pooh poohed as ridiculous. . •"••Well,*' he said—"by this time I knew I had a keen man .of business to deal with—' 4 put this place up. to auction,. and see whether yon will getasmuoh." ',•>44 There are two, ,or rather three ways of dealing with the property which have occurred to :me, Mr. Hamngford," I explained. "One is - letting or selling this house for a reforma tory, or school. Ghosts in that cose won't trouble the inmates, we may be quite certain; another is utilising the buildings for a manu factory; - and the third is laying the ground ; out for building purposes, thus " As I spoke 1 laid before him a plan for a tri sided square of building, the Bouth side being formed by the river. I had taken great pains, with the drawing of this plan;, the future houses, the future square, the future river walk. with seats at intervals, were all to be found in [the roll which I unfolded and laid before him, and the effect my sketch produced surprised me. "In' heaven's! name, Mr. Patterson," 'he asked; 44where did you get this? ' You never drew it out of your own head!" I hastehed to assure him l had tortainly not got it but of any other poison's head; but he smiled.incredulously. ; 1 " ifPrnhflMtrl*' hn*an< 4 Probably,ho suggested, "Mr. Elmsdale left some'such sketch/behind him--something, at all event1?; tbat'suggested the idea to you!" "44 If he did, I never saw or Heard of it," I answered..;-' ' ■' _; ' ** You may have forgotten the circumstance," he^pefsisted;. "but I feel confident you must Have seeii something like this before. Perhaps amongst the papers in Mr. Craven's office." V 4,,May'r enquire why yo.u have formed such an opinion ?" I said, a little stiffly. 44 Simply , because this tri-sided square was a favourite project of tbo late owner of River Hall," he replied. 44 After the death of his wife, the place grew! distasteful to him, and'I have often, heard him say he would convert the ground into ono of the handsomest squares in the neighbourhood of London. All he wanted was 'a piece of additional land lying to the west;'which piece is, I believe, now to be had ataprice-——" ;/ I sat like one stricken dumb. By no mental process/ for -which I could over account, had that idea been evolved.; It. sprang into lifo at a bound. It came to mo in my sleep, and I wakened , at once with the whole plan clear and distinct boforo my mind's eye, as it .now lay clear arid distinct before Mr. Hnmngford. . "It'is.very extraordinary," I managed at last to stammer out; for I can honestly Bay I never hoard oven" a suggestion of Mr. Elms dale's design; indeed, I did notknow he had ever thought of building upon, tho ground." " Such was thefnet, however," replied my visitor."' " Ho was a speculative man in many ways. Ye3, very speculative, and full of plans ana projects. However, Mr.' Patterson," he proceeded, " all this only proves the truth of tho old remark; that * great wils and little wits sometimes jump together.'" ' ■ There was a ring of sarcasm in his voice, lis in his words] but Xdid not give .much heed to it. The design, then, was not mine. It had . cometo me in sleep, it had been forced upon me, it had been explained to me in a word, and , as T asked myself, by whom P I was unable to repress & shudder; i. V You'are not welI,T fear," said Mr. Har ringford; "this place seems to have affected yourheulth. Surely you have, acted impru dently in risking so much to gain so littlo."^ "I do not agree withyhu," I replied. " However, time will show whether I havo been -right or wrong in coming here. I have learned many things, of which I was previously in ignorance, and T think "I'hold a cluo in my .hands which, properly "followed, may lead to the hidden mystery of Biver Ilall." " Indeed!" no exclaimed. May I ask the nature of that oluo?" . "It would bo prcmuture for mo to say moro than this, that I am'inoHued to doubt whether Mr. Elmsdulo committed suicido." - • " Do you think his doath was the result^ of. aoeidont, then," ho inquired, his face blanching to a ghastly whiteness. " No, I do not," I answered bluntly. "Biit my thoughts can have littlo intorest for anyone at present. What we want to talk about is tho ^ sale and purchaso of this place. Tho offer yoii( * made to Mr. Uravon I consider ridiculous. Lot on building leaso, tho land alone would bring in a hnndsomo income, and tho houso ought tor sell for about as much as you offer for tlio wholo; • proporty." - ' " Perhaps it might, if you could find a pur-1 chaser," ho nnswered; " and tho land might' return an income, if you could let it as you suggest; but, in the meantime, while tho grass grows* the steed starves; and while you are waiting'for your buyer and yonr Bpecnlativa builder,-Miss Blake and-Miss Elmsdale will have to walk barefoot, waiting for shoes you may never be able to provide for them.1! • •There was truth- in :this, but only, a half truth, I felt, so I said: • 'VWhen oxamined at the inquest, Mr.'Har ringford, you stated, I think,..that you were under considerable; obligations to -Mr. Elms dale?" ' ' L "Did I?" he remarked. '"Possibly he had given me a helping.'hhnd1 '.on'ce 'br 'twice,; and probably I mentioned theTact. It is a long time ago, though." '• ' .."Not so .very, long," I answered;" not. long enough, I'should imagine,, to enable you' to forget any benefits you may. have received from Mr. Elms dale.". ' "Mr. Patterson,". he; interrupted,," are we talking -.business • or sentiments? •. If. the former,, please - understand I have my own interests to attend . to, - and that I mean to; attend to _thera.,-.- -.If - the .latter, I;am willing, if you say . Miss Elmsdale has pressing: need for the money, to send her my. cheqne for fifty or a hundred pounds! Charity is one thing, trade another, and I do not care to mix them. I should never have attained to my present position had I allowed fine feelings to interfere with the driving of a bargain.. I don't want River Hall I would not give that," and he snapped his fingers, "to have the title-deeds in my hands to-morrow; hut as Miss Elmsdale. wishes to sell, and as no one i else will buy, I offer what I consider a fair price for the place. If you think you can do better well and good. If " He stopped suddenly in his sentence, then, rising, he cried," It is a trick—a vile, infamous, disgraceful trick!"—while his utterance grew thick, and his face began to work like that of a person in convulsions. . " What do you mean ?" I asked, rising also", and turning to look in the direorion he indi cated with outstretched arm and dilated eyes'. ; Then I saw—no need for him to answer. Standing.iri'the entrance to:the strongroom was Robert Elmsdale himself, darkness for a background, the light of the gas falling full ! upon his face. ' , " - • [ Slowly, sternly, he came forward, step by I step. With footfalls that .fell' noiselessly, he advanced across the carpet, moving steadily forward' towards Mr. Harringford, who, beat ing theair with his hands,' screamed;* " Keep him off! don't let him'tquohine!" and fell fnll Ipngth on tHe floor. ' .' Next .instent,' Munro was -in the room. "Hallo, ,-what is..the matter?" he asked. I "What have, you'done to him—whathashe ; being doing tb'you?" ; '! • I could not answer.* ' Looking in my face, I ! tbinV Mnnro understood we hadbothseen that which'no roan can behold uhappolled.. Come, Hal" he sud, " bestir yourself. , Whatever has .happened, don't sink under it like a woman. Help me to lift him. Mercifol Heaven!" he added, as he raised the prostrate figure. "He is dead!". . * To this hour I do not know how we man aged to carry him into tho drawing room. I cannot imagine How our trembling handB bore that inert body out of the library and across the hall. It seems like a dream to me calling up Mrs. Stott, and then tearing away from the house in quest of further medical help, haunted, every step I took, by the memory of that awful presence, the mere sight of which had stricken down ono of us in the midst of his buy ing, and bargaining, and boasting. I had done it—I had raised that ghost—I had brought the man to his death; and as I fled throngh the night, innocent as I had been of the thought of such a catastrophe, I under stood what Cain must have felt when he went out to live his fife with tho brand of murderer, upon him. But the man was not dead, though he lay for hours like one from whom fife had departed; he did not die then. We had all ■ the genius, and knowledge, and. skill in London at "his servico. .. If dootors could have saved him, he bad- lived., .If nursing could have availed him, ho had recovered, for I never left him." _ - When tho end came I was almost worn out And the end came very soon. •. " No more doctors,'.' whispered the siok man; "they cannot oureme. Send for a clergyman and a lawyer, Mr. Craven as well as any other. It is all over now; and better so; life is but. a long fever. Perhaps he will sle6p now, and let mo sleep too. Yes, 1 killed him.. Why, I will tell you. . Give mo some wine." . v ; . " "What I said at the inquest about owing, my worldly prosperity to bim was true. I trace my pecuniary success to Mr. Elmsdate; but I trace also hours, months, and years of anguish to . his agency.- My God 1 the nights that man has made me spend when he was. living,, the nights I have spent in consequence of his death ' Ho stopped; he had mentally gone back over a long journey.- He .was retracing the road bo bad travelloa, from youth to old age. For ho was old, if. not in years, in sorrow. Lying on.his death*bod,< he understood for. what a gnmo-ho had burnt his candle to the socket; comprehended how the agony, and the suspeneo, and the suffering, and: the long, long fever of life, whioh with him nover knew a ' remittent moment, had robbed him of that I which overy man has a right to expeot—some [ pleasure in the eonrso of his existence. " When I first met Elmsdale," he went on, "I was a young man, and an ambitious one; I was a clerk in the city;I had been married a couple of years to a wife I loved dearly, t-he was possessed of only a small dot; and after furnishing our house, and paying for all the expenses incidont on the coming of a'first; child, we thought ourselves fortunate in know ing there -'was stilPn deposit standing in our name at tlio Joint'Stock Bank, for something ovor two hundred pounds. " " Novortheless, X was anxious. So far, .we had lived- .within1 our incomo; but with' an annual ndvanco^pf salary 'only amounting to ton pounds,'or therenboutsjl did not see how wo were ' to manage when more children came, particularly as the coBt of living increased^day by day.. . It was a. dear year that of which I am speaking. ;"lj'doynot precisely remember on what occasion it was I first saw Mr. Elmsdale;' but | I-knew/afterwards *he picked me out as a person likely to be useful to him. i - " He was on good terms with my employers, | and asked them. to allow me to bid for some | houses he wanted to purchase at a sale. : ! -"To this hour.Iao not knowwhyhe did I not bid for them himself. -He gave me a five* I pound note for my services; ana that was the beginning of our connection. OS and on, I did!many things for him of one sort or another, and made rather a nice addition to my salary out of doing them, till the devil, or he, or both, put it into my head to start as builder and speculator on my own account. I had:two hundred pounds and my furni ture; that was the whole:of my capital; but Mr. Elmsdale found mu money. I thought my fortune was made the .day he advanced me my first five hundred pounds. If I had known —if I had known«7—" • "Don't talk any more," I entreated. " What can it avail to speak of - such. matters now?" •' He turned towards me impatiently. " Not talk," he repeated, " when I have for years been as one dumb, and at length the string of my tongue has loosened! Not talk, when, if I keep Bilence now, he will haunt me in eternity, as . he has haunted me in time!" . . I did not answer. I only moistened his parched lips,.aiid bathed his burning forehead as tenderly as my unaccustomed hands under stood how to perform such offices. ." Lift me up a little, please," he said ; and I put.the pillows ini position as deftly asl could. ! .' • " You arenot a bad fellow," he remarked. " hut I am not going to leave you anything." " God forbid!'.' Iexclaimed involuntarily..,.; " Are not you in want of money ?" he asked. " Not of yours,". I answered. "Mine,"he said; " it is .not mine, it is his. He thoiight a great deal of .money, and he has come back for it. • He can't rest, and he won't let me rest till I have paid him principal and interest—compound interest. Yes—well, I am able,to do even that." . .. We sat silent for afew minutes, then he spoko again. . " When I first went into business with un borrowed capital, nothing I touched really succeeded. I found myself going hack—back. Far better was my position as clerk; then at least £ slept sound at nights, and relished my meals. But I had tasted of so-called indepen dence, and I could not go hack to be at the beck and call of an employer. Ah!' no em ployer ever made me work so hard as Mr. Elmsdale; no beck.and call were ever so im perative as his. " I pass over a long time of anxiety, struggle, and hardship. The world thought me a pros perous man; probably no human being, save Mr. Elmsdale, understood my real position, and he made my position almost unendurable. " How I came first to bet on races, would be a long story, longer tLan I have timo to tell; but my betting began upon a very small scale, and I always won—always in the beginning. I won so certainly and so continuously, that finally I began to hope for deliverance from Mr. Elmsdale's clutches. " I don't know how "—the narrative was not recited straight on as I am writing it. hut by starts, as strength served him—" Mr. Elmsdale ascertained I was dovoting myself to the turf; all I can say is, he did ascertain the fact, and followed mo down to Ascot to make sure there was no mistake in his information. "At the previous Derby my luck had began to turn. I had lost then—lost heavily for me, and he taxed me with having done so. "In equity, and at law, he had then the power of foreclosing on every house and rood of ground I owned, I was in his power—in the power of Robert Elmsdalo. Think of it—but you never knew him. .Young man, you ought to kneel down and thank God you. were never so placed, as to} be in the power of such a devil— "If ever you should get into the power of guch a man as Robert Elmsdale, don't offend him. It is had enough to owe him money; but it is worse for for him to owe you a grudge. I had offended him. He was always worrying m'e about his wife—lamenting her ill-health, extolling her beauty, glorifying himself on having married a woman of birth and breeding; just as if his were the only wife in the world, as if other men had not at homo women twice as good, if not as handsome as Miss Blake's , siater. * Under HissBlake's insolence I had writhed —and once, .when my usual prudence deserted me, I told Mr. Elmsdale I had been in Ireland and seen the paternal Blake's ancestral cabin and ascertained that none of the family had ever mixed among the upper thousand, or ; whatever the number may be which goes to make up sooiety in the Isle of Saints. " It was foolish, and it was wrong; bat I, could not help saying what I did, arid from j that hour ho was my enemy. Hitherto he had merely boon my creditor. My own imprudent speech transformed him into a man lying in wait to ruin mo. » . "He bided his time. Ho was a man who could wait for years beforo he struck, but who would nover strike till ho could make suro of inflicting a mortal wound. He drew me into bis power more and more, and then he told me that ho did hot intend to continue trusting any ono who betted—that he must have his money. If he had not it by a certain date, which ho named, he would foreclose. "That meant he would beggar me, and I with an ailing wife and a large family! " I appealed to hiin. I don't remember now 'what I said, bat I do recollect I might as well havo talked to stono. ' i "What I oudnred during thotime which 1 followed, I could not describe^ worn I to talk i for ovor.. Till a . man in extremity tries to raise | money, ho hevor understands the difficulty,"of doing so.' I had been short, of money every hour since I first engaged in business, and yet I never- comprehended the meaning of a' dead look till then. ' " Ono day, in the City, whenl was almost - mad with, anxiety, I met Mr. Elmsdale. , Shall you be ready forme, Harringford?* he asked. . - •. . - . " ' I do not know—I hope so/ X answered. , "1 "Well, remember, if you are not ^prepared . with the money, I Bhall be prepared to act,'-he said, with an evil smile. .. ■" As I walked home - that evening, an idea . flashed into my mind. X had tried &U; honest means of raising the money; I would try.dm-/ honest. ^ My credit was good. I had large • , transactions with first-rate houses. -X was in., the habitof discounting largely, and I—well, X signed names to paper that I ought not to - have done. I had the bills put through.. X had four months and three days in which to turn round, and I might, by that time, be able. to raise sufficient to retire the acceptances. " In the meantime, I could face Mr. Elms-: dale, and so I wrote, appointing an evening when I would call with the money, and take ., his release for all claims upon me. " When I arrived at River Hall he had all the necessary documents ready, but refused to . give them up in exchange for my cheque. "He could not trust me, he said, and he had, moreover, no banking account. If I liked to bring the amount in notes, well and good; if not, he would instruct his solicitors. " The next day X had important business to attend to, so a stormy interview ended in my writing* pay cash' on the cheque, and his con senting to take it to my hankers himself. . "My business on the following day, which happened to he out of town, detained me much longer than X anticipated, and it was late before I could reach River Hall. Late though it was, however, I determined to go after my papers. I held Mr. Elmsdale's receipt for the cheque, certainly; but X knew X had not an hour to lose in putting roattersin train for another loan' ill was to retire the forged acceptances. By experience, X knew how the months slipped away when money had to be provided at the end of them, and X was fervishly anxious to hold my leases and title-deeds once more; ' , " I arrived at the door leading to the library.' Mr. Elmsdale opened it as wide aa the chain .would permit, ^ and asked • who-was there. I told him, and, grumbling a little at the un conscionable hour at which I had elected to pay - "my .visit, he admitted ine. ; . - : • " He was out of temper. He had hoped and expected, I knew, to find payment-of the cheque'refused,, and he could not submit with equanimity to seeing me slipping out' of bis < hands... "' ■ . " Evidently, he did not expect me to come that night, for his table was strewn with deeds ■ and notes, which ho had been reckoning up, no * doubt, as a miser counts his gold. ■ • ; " A pair of pistols lay beade his desk—close ; to my hand,, as I took the seat he indicated. : " We talk^.long and bitterly. It does not matter now what he said or X said. .We fenced, round and about a quarrel during the whole interview. I was meek, because I wanted him to let ine have part of the money' at all events on loan again; and he was blatant and insolent because he fancied X cringed to him—and I did■[ cringe. . • " I prayed for help that night from man as I have never since prayed for help from God. > ; "You are still young/Mr. Patterson/and life, as yet, is hew to you, or else I would ask ' whether,. in going into an entirely strange office, yon have hot, if agitated in mind/picked up from the table a letter or card, and kept twisting it about, utterly unconscious for the' time being of the solecism you were commit ting. "Hi precisely the same spirit—God is my witness, as X am a dying man, with no object to serve in speaking falsehoods—while we . talked. I took up one of the pistols and com- ■ menced handling it. "'Take care/ he said; 'that is loaded/ hearing which X laid it down again. " For a time we went on talking; he trying to ascertain how X had obtained the money, I.' striving to mislead him. "' Come, Mr. Elmsdale/1 remarked at last/'. ' yon see I have been able to raise the money;" now he friendly, and consent to advance me ay few thousands, at a fair rate, on a property I ' am negotiating for. There is nooccasion/ surely, for us to quarrel, after all the yeatowe r . have done business together. Say yon-will givo me a helping hand once morej and— " Then he interrupted me, and swore, with a great oath, hn would never have another' transaction with me. . "'Though you have paid mt' ho said, * I know you are hopelessly insolvent. I can- ' not roll where or how. you hare managed to -, raise that money, hut certain am lit has been.' by deceiving some one; and so sure as I stand here I will know all. about the transaction'. within a month.1 • ' ! . . . " While we talked, he had been, at internals, passing to and from his strong room, putting away the notes and papers previously lying about on the table; ana, as he. made his last observation, he was standing just within the door, placing something on the shelf. ■ ' '■ v. "' It's no use talking to me any more,' he. went on. ' H you talked from now to eternity you could not alter my decision. There. are your deeds; take them, and never let.me see you in my house again.' " lie came out of the darkness into the light at that moment, looking burly, and insolent, and braggart, as was his wont " Something in his face, in the tone of his voice, in the vulgar assumption of his manner maddened me. I don't know, I have; never, been able to tell, what made me long at that moment to kill him—but I did long. With an impulse I . could not resist, I rose as he,re turned towards the table, and snatching a pistol from the table—fired. "Before he could realise my intention^the bullet was in his brain. He was dead and la murderer. - -You can understand pretty well what fol lowed. I ran into the passage and opened the door r- then, finding no one seemed to ; have heard the.report of tho. pistol, my senses came baok to me. I was not. sorry for what I ha done. All I cared, for was to avert suspicion . from myself, - and to secure'some advantage from his death. ' "" Stealing hack into the room, I took all the • money I could find, as well as deeds and other' securities. These Last I destroyed next day, and in'doing so I felt a savage satisfaction. "' Ho would have them the same as me,' I thought. All the rest you know pretty well. From the hour X left hiin lying dead in tho , library every worldly plan prospered with me. If I invested in land, it trebled in value. Bid I speculate in houses, they were sought after as investments.. I grew rich, respected, a man of standing. I had sold my soul to the devil, and he paid mo even higher wages than those for which I engaged—but there was a balnuce. " One after another, wife and children died: _ and while my heart was breaking by reason of my home left desolate, there came to ine the first rumour of this place being haunted. x "X woaldoot believe it—I did not—I fought . against the truth as men fight with despair. '" I used to come here at night and wonder as near to the houue as I safely could. The place dogged me; sleeping and waking. That library was -an • ever- pi\»sent memory. X have sat in : my lonely rooms till X could endure the horrors of imagination no longer, and been forced to come from Londo.u that I might look at this terrible house, wit h the silent river flowing ; sullenly past its dea date gardens. "Life seemed ebbing away from me. X saw that day by day the Vflood left my cheeks. X looked at my hands, a nd beheld they were be becoming luce those %of some one very aged. My lameness grew perceptible to others as weU as- to me, and X could, distinguish, as I walked in the sunshine, the shadow my figure threw was that of one deformed*. X grew weak, and worn, and tired, yet I never, thoroughly lost heart till X knew yon had *come here to unravel Hie secret. " f And it will bei revealed to Hm/I thought, * if I do not Mil him iooJ "Tou have been, within an ace of death often and often since you set wonrself this task, but at the last instant my h&art; always failed me. • " Well, you are to live, and I to die. It was to be so,.X suppose; hut you will never be nearer your last moment, till you lie a corpse,; than you have been twice, at any rate." j Then X understood how accurately Monro I Bad judged when he warned me to be on my J guard against this .man—now harmless and | dying, but so recently desperate and all F>werful for evil; acd as X recalled the nights had spent in that desolate house, X shivered. Even nowr though tiie years have come and the years hive gone sfuce I kept my lonely watch in fiiver Hall, X start sometimes from , sleep with a great horror of darkness upon me, and a feeling that stealthily some one is creep ing through the silence to hike my life. 