Musió and the Drama. ¡ The foots not otherwise Than nero set down. BnKRIDAW KJCOwXBB. " HAMLET " was agaia repeated on last Thursday night, in presence of an audience which filled all parts of tho theatre. The performance improves with repetition, and the minor characters are played with vastly in creased effect. There are also several improvements in the stage, scenic, and musical accessories that make the play really more enjoyable than at first. Mr. Damper's Hamlet is necessarily much tho same in performance, and he falls as before in his interview with the Ghost, a portion of his performance the propriety of wLich I am still at a loss to realise, either from text or recollection of pro cèdent princes. Again, the lifting of the arras before the stabbing of Polonius, is, to me, antagonistic to tho question, " Is't the King? " PoJonius is stabbed through the arras. To be sure that might cause a rent which would have to be paid for, and stage economy is proverbial in Victoria. Ou Saturday last the " Octoroon " was produced, and I hear Mr. Dampier as Wabnt-no-tee, Mr. Bartlett as Salem Scudder, Mi Fulford as M(< losky, and Mies Annie Pixley as th Octoroon, assisted, as they were, by the competen company playing tho minor parts, carried this popula play to a very successful and loudly applaudei termination *' Dagobert," and " Our Jrn'ly" have beei repeated, and of the sacred readings, &c;, arranged fo: Good Friday night, notice will he duly taken. Goethe' " Faust" is in active preparation, and in it Mr. Dampio is said to be inimitably clever in his Mephistopheliai impersonation. At the Theatre Eoyal " Money and Misery" was rc peated, but judging from the public attendances thi result to the treasury was not in favour of money. Th* piece was well put upon the stage, and well played, bu did neb hit the popular whim. Oolley Gibber's dial of Shakspere's "Henry the Sixbh-t um-Kichari the Third," was served up on taturday night with Mr. G. D. Chaplin as the Duke of Gloster, whc afterwards becomes-and I add this, just for the infor mation of those from whom so much historical know ledge is obscured-King Bichard the Third Mr. Chaplin dresses the crafty duke with tolerable accuracy. He makes up with the hump upon his back, and also adopted a lame leg, for halting purposes, which is difficult tc maintain, while not hinfcoricaJly correct, for John Bous, the antiquary, of Warwick, who saw Bichard at Warwick, and describes his personal appearance mentions no other defect than the inequality of his shoulders. Bichard's prowess as a soldier is also strongly against a weakness that would have placed him at great disadvantage on the battlefield Mr Chaplin's reading of the parb wa« marked with intelli gence and careful study, but ho did nob " bring down the house" in the great comparative noliIoquy, after wooing Lady Anne, when he oxolaims, " All tho world to nothing !" Here tho actor did not Boem to perceive the climax of his own comparisons, and failed in the effecb of which this liue is capable. Mr. Chaplin is also apb to fall into a monotony of utterance in Borne portions of his performance that keepB him below the standard of excellence at which he aims. Many of my readers must be aware that tho task of learning euoh n play for only one performance cannot have much heart in ib, and many crudities and imperfections unavoidable on a first performance would be avoided upon repetition. In tho celebrated wooing scene Mr. Ohaplin was scarcely deceptive enough to contrast so subtly with his real character as to win a woman. In tho moro stirring business Mr Ohaplin WUB very successful, wus frequently recalled, and more fre qutnfcly applauded. The battle scene, if I excuse Bich ruond'a handkerchief, created its usual amount ol' appro bation. Miss Emma Bogers played Lady Anne as care fully and well as she could, but I do nob think she would have chosen the part herself. Miss Mary Young as Queen Elizabeth, endeavoured also to do justice tj a very difficult part in which Bho looked pathetic and pretty. Mis« Melville was Queen Margaret, und eursed tho Kin« heartily, but in scarcely cursing teneB. Tho parts of King Edward tho Fifbh and tho libbie Duke of York were entrusted to Miss Hetty Oroucher and Miss Milner; tho former doing pretty fairly, but tho latter, although intelligent, was scarcely old enough to be permitted to undertake su oh a task. Mr. J. 1» WeHt made tho WOOB of King Henry tho Sixth moBb lugubriously burdensome, aud ib was almost a relief when Osier ended them, Why will Mr. Weat be always so vocally miserable: He can speak naturally, and why does he not do it. Mr, Joyce, as Stanley, looked more like King Bone than the nobleman ho was supposed to represent. Mr. Brown, who represented the Dake of Buckingham, is one of the most forward members of the company, judging from the manner in which he addressed the King or " any oder man." Mr. B should look he o'erstep not the modesty of nature if ho desires to become an actor. Mr. J. J. Welsh played < 'atesby in most ill-fitting garb, al though he never speaks without thorough intelligence and effect. Mr. E. M'Lean looked Sir William Blunt admirably, and Mr. G. Carey made a very polite and smiling Lieutenant of the Tower ; but Mr. J. A. South looked, as I imagine he felt, a most ridiculing Lord Mayor. It was impossible, however, to oonnect the events of the play with the scenery of the Tower of London or any o^her place ia which they were supposed to be, for a more heterogenous collection of paintings never served duty for historical scenes. On Blonday an excellent play, entitled the " Drunkard, or the Fallen Saved," was produced with success. Mr. Chaplin, Misa Mary Young, Miss Maggie Oliver, and Mr. J A. South making quite'a sensation by their excellent acting. After a successful tour through tho neighbouring colonies, Messrs. Bailey,, Cooper and Co. are shortly ex pected to arrive here, and will again establish their mammoth show on the Haymarket Reserve The un usually attractive programmes put forth by the pro prietors of this gigantic exhibition, coupled with tho excellence of their performance, and variety of things tobe seen,admired, and wondered at,, will doubtless again attraot crowds to the pavilions in which the exhi bition takes place. Messrs. Gaylord and Agrati aro already in Sydney making the necessary preparation for the proper reception of such a large assembly of both men and animals, as compose the company travelling with Cooper and Bailey. The Queen's Théâtre will be re-opened on Saturday next with a full company under the management of Mr. Andrews. Mr. William Andrews will himself con stitute one of the attractions of the company. Madame Duret, as lessee and directress, will also appear in a round of characters in which she has already made herself a name for their excellent performance. At the Sohool of Arts, the members of the Carlton Cricket Club gave a most successful entertain ment in aid nf the funds of their dub. 3 he Binging was of un usual excellence, one tenor voice being exceptionally good. Tho fun WAS great, and kept the audience in re markably good humour throughout the evening. Peter Gray, the victim of love, followed .by the Fillibusters and the Black hobbies, being received with shouts of laughter. I cannot, however, admire the taste that puts forth Mudgee Bill & Co., as an exhibition before an audience among whom were so many ladies. As the room was quite full, I hope the result will be an satisfactory to the treasurer of the club, as the efforts of its members were apparently agreeable to the assembly, whom they amused and pleased so long. The Musical Union announce a per formance of Haydn's Creation for Good Friday (to morrow) night, and remembering the excellence of their last concert, the performance of this beautiful music ought to attract a very large audience to the Guild Hall. FIGARO. A curious parliamentary paper has just been printed and circulated hy order of tho Legislative Assembly, on the motion of Mr. Long, the member for Central Cumberland. It appears that on the 15th November last two Cabinet Ministers (the Hon J. F. Burns, Postmaster-General; and the Bon John Lackey, Minister for Public Works) visited the Roman Catholic school at Liverpool and obtained from the schoolmaster half a holiday for the children, without the sanction of the Local Board or of the chairman, the Rev. lugeue J. Luckie, as required by the 89th clause of the Regulations. The Roman Catholic clergyman angrily complained of this " outrage/' and his corre spondence with the Colonial Secretary, the IM inister ©f Justice, and the Council of Education is of a lengthy character The Council of Education, after receiving the teacher's explanation admit that there has been "a technical violation" of a by-law, yet under the circumstance they deem it to have been excusable, and Bee no reason for interfering. Further correspond ence iollowcd, in tho course of which the Rev. E J. Luckie writes thus plainly to the Minister for Justice: -" In reply, I beg to say that I cannot accept your decision ns satisfactory, and least of all, as any repara tion for the insult offered to the local Board, or redress for the injury inflicted upon the discipline of the school with which it. is connected. "Vour communication admits that tho law has been violated, and states it was ' excusable,' but fails to show any proper justification whatever for such violation. Permit me to say that this is unworthy of the Minister of Justice and|Publio Instruction. If it could have been shown that the gentlemen complained of had interfered with the discipline of the school in ignorance of the law, or merely to gratify official vanity, the case might be viewed otherwise; but they were not ignorant of thc law, or of the regulations of the Act, and therefore their violation of it was done contumaciously, and is deserv ing of the severest censure of the Minister of Justice. Here, where motives are better understood, there is no doubt that in the case complained of tho gentlemen culprit« coquetted for political influence with certain parties in this town ; and, instead of censuring them for their conduct, and giving some guarantee against a recurrence of it, the Council of Education, and I regret to say, tho Minister of Justice and Public Instruction, have not only condoned the violation of the law, and tho insult offered to the local Board, but they have thereby given an approval or encouragement to tho cxeroiso of tho dovicoa of political partisanship, to th« weakening of Behool discipline and the indefinito train of immoralités that must necessarily flow from such condonation and enceuragement." Tho Department of Justice simply acknowledged the receipt of Mr. Lucine's letter. Tho Secretary of tho Council of Education «IBO acknowledged the receipt of his letter, and communicates tho decision of tho Council upon it, to wit that-" The Council must decline to intor fero further." The Rev. Eugene J. Luckie finishes the correspondence with the following outspoken declaration of his opinions and intentions, under dato January 10:-"I bog to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday's date, stating that the Council of Educa tion muBt decline to interfere further in the matter of the complaint I have brought before it. In reply I beg to n<> ! quaint you, for tho information of tho Council that sinco tho Council has shown hy this reply that from some unaccountable inherent weakness it is either unable or unwilling to vindicate the grossly violated school recu latiouH, or afford any protection to the Local School Board, which tho Council has appointed to hold cog nate jurisdiction with itpelf, tho Chairman of tins Board shall iu future exclude from tho schoolu under his supervision auyono-no matter what may bo Li» rank or soctul condition - whom he Bhall have discovered to have violated the school regulations, or abused tho privileges of a vißitor. Thin compromiso of tho interests of justice and of the schools committed by the Council too vividly remiudB me of what I havo learned nnd witnessed in America, when I lately visited many of Hu schools, and prcßagos similar diEaotcrB for education enc! society in thia country." 