THE DIRECT RAILWAY ROUTE TO GIPPSLAND. A public meeting was held last evening, at the Town hall, Prahran, in favour of the "green line, for connecting Oakleigh with Melbourne and Prahran, as proposed by the present Government and passed by the Legislative Assembly, as the only economical, straightforward, and proper trunk line of railway between Melbourne and Gipps Land " The Major of PRAHRAN (Councillor W Bowen) occupied the chair, and stated that he was authorised to apologise for the absence of Mr. R Murray Smith and Councillor Turner, both of whom were unavoidably detained from attending the meeting. Councillor TAILOR (of Prahran) said that the question of connecting Gipps Land with Melbourne had been a bugbear for years, and had haunted the community like Hamlet's (Ghost. Successive Ministries had shirked finally dealing with the question from political motives, and one scheme after another had been brought forward and disposed of. The purchase of the Hobson's Bay line had been declined, the outer circle line, which had also found supporters, had been rejected, and they now came to the direct line. That line had been slightly modified by changing its terminus from the south to the north side of the time, but it was the shortest, quickest, and clearest line, and it went to its mark " as the crow flies." The people who would be benefited by the outer circle had their rights to railway communication, but they could surely be obtained without turning a great trunk line several miles out of its way. The inhabitants of Prahran and its neighbourhood should speak out on the subject with no uncertain sound, and should strengthen the hands of the Government in their efforts to secure direct communication with Gipps Land, The present Ministry were entitled to the thanks of the community for the earnest and honest endeavour they had made to grapple with a question which had been trifled with and delayed too long. It had been said that the outer circle line would bring timber to the Brunswick potteries and cattle to the Flemington yards. But he apprehended that they has as good clay around Prahran as there was in Brunswick, and he considered that when there was about an eighth of the population of the colony located on the south side of the Yarra it was an economic blunder to carry cattle to Flemington in order to drive them several miles back to Frobron again He would move That this meeting is of opinion that Schedule No 1, indicating the green line, for connecting Oakleigh with Melbourne, via Prahran, as proposed by the present Government and passed by the Legislative Assembly, is the only economical straightforward, and proper trunk line of railway between Melbourne and Gipps Land ' i Mr. T. Y. ¿isDEnsoNBeconded the motion, and stated that the Gipps Land line would in future time be known as that which had been deliberately bungled in its construction from political motives. It was shameful to think that for political reasons so much made road and so much expended capital should be rendered useless, because the question of the junction with Oakleigh could not be decided upon either from political or other interested motives He believed that the Gipps Land Railway would be one of the busiest and meat profitable in the colony. It tapped districts rich in timber, in the precious metals, and blessed with great natural fertility, and the participation in the benefits of the traffic sure to be caused by it belonged by position to Prahran and the districts adjoining. The motion having been put to the meeting, was agreed to Mr. W iLLiAJi HARRISON (of Prahran) said that if the Government proposition was carried out and the direct line was adopted, the Hobson's Bay line would sooner or later fall into the hands of the Government for a nominal sum. The Geelong line, and that to Essendon, were made by private capital, and they were ultimately purchased by Government. The members of the Upper House knew that the Hobson's Bay Railway would share the same fate, and its members who were interested in that company were determined to do all in their power to avert such a catastrophe He trusted that the members for the district, backed up by such a meeting as that which he was addressing, would do all in their power to give the Government proposals the force of law, He would move-' That the direct line of railway referred to in the first resolution, continued through Malvern and Gardiner and thence straight to Oakleigh, is a most reasonable project, and also the only true solution of the problem involved in the Parliamentary policy necessitating the construction of the south eastern portion of the state railway a this meeting pledges itself to oppose any alteration of route outside the scheduled deviation specified in the Government hill now before the Legislative Council," The resolution having been seconded by Mr NLICOD, of 0. klugh, was adopted with enticement Mr JAMES M KEW stated that the _o vernment who had let the first contract for the Gipps Land line had, by letting the Sale at d of the contract first, commenced the building of the house at the roof (Laughter ) 1 hue were nine routes proposed to connect Oakleigh with Melbourne five of which joined the Hobsons Bay line at various points, and four of which were independent mee The most direct the shortest, and is every way the best, was that which they were met that night to advocate. Every one who cared for the benefit of the community at large would, be was convinced, agree with them. The Upper House had a larger interest in the Hobson's Bay line than in any other railway, and he was afraid that no amount of argument would convince them to act against the interests But he trusted that the Ministry would be firm, and would not permit the Upper House to endanger direct communication with Gipps Land Mr Berry had in past times suffered by the 'iron hand,' and it was to be hoped that now that he (Mr Berry) had the power, he would use the "iron hand' against the opponents of the direct line to Oakleigh (Cheers.) He would conclude by moving the third resolution, which was as follows - "That this meeting is of opinion that the amendments proposed by the Legislative Council on the Government railway scheme for the connexion of Oakleigh with Melbourne will, if carried into effect, deprive this and surrounding districts of their natural rights, as well as inflict a lasting and irreparable injury on the commercial interests and prosperity of this town The resolution having been seconded by Mr Woodmason, and supported by Messrs. Dixon and Carter, M L A's, the representatives of the district, was agreed to unanimously Mr PETERSON (of Prahran) moved That a memorial embodying the above resolutions signed on behalf of this meeting by the chairman thereof, be forwarded to the members of the district, for presentation to Parliament The motion was seconded by Mr. Mitchell, of Prahran, and adopted. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the chairman, the proceedings terminated. 