PARLIAMENT OF TASMANIA. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thursday, 11th October, 1877. The Speaker took the chair at 4 o'clock p.m. petition. Mr. PILLINGER presented a petition from. 16 landed proprietors, graziers, and farmers, setting forth that as much and serious damage had been done by the engines of the Main Line Railway Company during the last summer to crops, fences, and pasture, by the emission of fire and sparks from their engines, especially on the steep gradients, and that as the petitioners had in consequence suffered heavy loss, they viewed with serious alarm the decision in the case of appeal Atkins v. the Main Line Railway Co. given by His Honor Sir F. Smith and His Honor Judge Dobson, whereby it appeared that the proof of neglect of the servants or otherwise of the company was put on the plaintiff, such proof being almost an impossibility. They consequently prayed that the law might be so amended as to enable them to obtain relief in the case of damage; and that the proof of fire caused by the railway engines may be made^r/ma facie evidence of neglect. The petition was received. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. MEREDITH to move that any correspondence between the Government and Mr. Dagobert Lewald in respect to the appointment of an analytical chemist be laid upon the table of the House. (Friday. Mr. MEREDITH to ask the Postmaster-General when he proposes to resuscitate the Bill to amend and consolidate the laws relating to the Post Office, which bill had passed the second reading, and had occupied the attention of a committee of this House prior to its prorogation on the 9th August last. (Friday. Mr. DOOLEY to ask the Minister of Lands and Works when the following returns will be laid on the table of the House Return of Crown reserves leased or rented in Devon and Wellington, ordered September 22nd, 1876 ; return of Mersey Marine Board, ordered September 26th, 1876 ; return of expenditure under the Electoral (sic) Telegraph Act, 1873, ordered September 26th, 1876 (Colonial Treasurer) ; return relative to surveys in arrear, ordered October 3rd, 1876 (Minister of Lands) A returns relative to schools, public and private ordered October 3rd, 1876 (Colonial Secretary). (Friday. Mr. JUST to move in Committee of Supply, that an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor praying that he will cause to be placed on the estimates a sum of £2,000, for the purpose of making good the road from the George Town road to Turner's Marsh and Lower Piper's River. (Thurs- day. Mr. JUST to move, in Committee of Supply, that an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that he will cause to be placed on the estimates a sum of £10,000 for the purpose of making good the road from Launceston to Scottsdale, via Pattersonia. (Friday.) Mr. RISBY to move that this House resolve itself into a committee of the whole House to consider an address to he presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that His Excellency will be pleased to recommend the appropriation of a sum not exceeding £3,000 for the purpose of constructing a road from Honeywood to Port Esperance. (Tues- day. Mr. DOOLEY to move that all the correspondence between the Mersey Bridge promoters and the Minister of Lands in reference to the construction, etc., of the western approach be laid upon the table of this House ; also between Mr. Dooley and the; Minister of Lands on the same subject. (Friday.) CKWUI.IZATION OF THE POLICE The PREMIER laid on the table, of the House the correspondence between the late Government and the various municipalities with regard to the: centralization of the police EXPLANATION. Mr. RMBEY explained that in a report of his speech on last Tuesday on the public works scheme, the name of His Excellency was introduced, whereas the word he had used was " constituency." SOTillllANNUATED OFFICERS. The COLONIAL TREASURER laid on the table of the House a return giving the orders of the Governor-in-Council, under the Superannuation Act since last session. AIWOUIINCp DEBATE ON THE PUBLIC WORKS SCHEME. On the motion of the MINISTER OF LANDS, the adjourned debate on the public works scheme was resumed. Mr. DOOLEY, continuing his speech of Tuesday night, commenced by saying be proposed to take a cursory view of the Deloraine Railway, which had been omitted from the scheme of public works, It was a line that would well pay for its cost, and be a great benefit to the colony in general. He believed that every man in Wellington would be greatly in favour of it. He exhibited a plan showing the amount of settlement that had taken place along the route, and he was of opinion that very few persons residing in the Deloraine district would now hold up their hands in favour of the Government. He did not believe in going back to the old main road system, and generally objected that there had been an entire absence of fair play on the part of the Premier. The amount da rived from mineral leases was very considerable, but it should have been at least four times as large if properly managed, and the Colonial Treasurer might have been justified in making his proposals to the House without accompanying them with a taxing bill. There might have been, he believed a sum of £30,240 in the Treasury a, the close of 1876, if the fees derivable for the land taken up, a living as ."iJ.Jib -y ross in "lead, had been properly collected. He thought when the Minister; of Lands came to deal with the Mineral Leases Bill, which he had foreshadowed, there should be some rate imposed upon the till raised, either at the mine or as export duty. (Hear, hear.) And were that done, they would have little difficulty in putting an export tax on wool also, (Hear, hear.) He had made a calculation that by an export duty on wool of 2d. per lb" a sum of £25,000 could be realised, and that without the expenditure of one additional penny of the revenue. The hon. member then pro- ; decided to refer to some of the items in the list of rondo and bridges submitted by the Minister of Lands and Works, contending that the East and West Devon districts were completely neglected. They had to pay for the support of the railways and other public works of the colony and such being the case, it was only right that they should be fairly treated and afforded means of access to those railways. He also thought a larger and more just expenditure should be carried on in the West Tamar gold mining districts, and in. opening up the roads to the tin districts of George a play, etc. The people of the outlying portions of the colony were not treated fairly in being obliged to pay for the support of the Sorell Causeway and the Cataract bridge, while they had no means of communication for themselves. The hon. member proceeded to contend that the poor people of the North-west districts had been very badly treated by the Government, showed the progress that had been made there, and characterised as absurd the idea of giving them merely a proportion of £140,000 when their requirements were so great. With regard to what the Colonial Treasurer had said about the necessity for the readjustment of the system of subsidising road trustees, he quite agreed with the necessity of it, but he believed that the plan tug- .. gested by the Colonial Treasurer would be a writ dangerous one. His (Mr. Dooley's) idea was that no district should receive this large subsidy unless for three years, at least, they levied a rate of Is. That would find favour with many districts. Then it had been proposed that the Local Public Works Acts should be repealed, and the liabilities incurred under those Acts thrown upon the general revenue. If that were done , it would lead to a very great evil indeed at all events he could not give his assent to the change without the necessary works at the Mersey and other places were carried out. The hon. member went on to give a history of the attempt to casey . the new Mersey bridge, stating that the struggle had gone on for three years that in consequence of the Minister of Lands having limited the expense, the bridge remained about half, done, and stood there as a monument of folly, and that the old bridge had been closed against traffic. He also caused some' amusement by declining to read, and subs<!(|iiQiitIy reading, a letter from the Minister of Lands, in which a communication of the hon. member with reference to this bridge was stated to be not only not to the purpose, but so offensive that no consideration would be accorded to it. The members of the Ministry, with the exception of the Minister of Lands, had done all they could to frustrate the working of the Public Works Acts, and the colony was disgusted with that working. Mr. RIDDOCH remarked that many things had been said during the course of the debate which might be unpalatable to the Government ; but there had been an absence of that rancour and personal feeling! which was be- patent on a recent occasion,, ? He did not approve of the present public works. scheme, for he thought it was merely trifling with the requirements of the country. (Hear, hear.) This House had always approved of an expenditure for public works, and the only exception that had been taken, and justly taken to previous schemes by the other branch of the Legislature, was that the ways and means were not shown with the expenditure. He thought the present scheme was a more unsatisfactory one than any that had preceded it. The country was in a more prosperous state than it had been before-hand, hear-and that was just why a more liberal scheme of works, combined with a change in the incidence of taxation direct taxation and relief of the Customs should have been introduced. That would have given Me imputes to the interests of the country which would, have started it still further on the road of progress. ! With regard to the Deloraine Railway, he did not approve of that measure being put off, after the necessity for it had been so often acknowledged. He doubted the sincerity of the present Government's proposals. He thought their measures were meant to conciliate the other branch of the Les gislature, but that should not be their object. . (Hear, hear,) There was no doubt that then I was a feeling against a large expenditure on public works in the other branch of the Legislature | but he did not think it should be felt, as the interests of property would be advanced by liberal ! expenditure on public works. He thought his oWf district had been unfairly treated with regard to the Local Public Works Act. He believed in the Local Public Works Act, and he thought if it had been fairly administered it might have been a beneficial measure, but its working had been thwarted by obstructions being thrown in its way. (Hear, hear.) He could not help thinking, with the hon. member for East Devon, that there was some partiality in the distribution of the money to be expended in the different districts. The lion, monitor instanced several roads in his own district on which he thought money might well be spent. From what had come under his consideration since he had come into the House he had no confidence in the present Government and he thought that his side of the House had been very magnanimous to them. (Laughter.) Mr. MEREDITH said that when he asked the House " Will you let me go into committee to explain the details of my scheme?" the hon. member for East Hobart said ''No, I've got a J majority of one and with that majority of one I'll deny you the power to do so." That hon. member in doing this had been actuated simply by personal feeling and personal hatred ; so much so that when the hon. gentleman had carried his vote and went before the Governor, he was unable to name a Ministry. How did the Ministry justify proroguing the House without a Ministry and without supplies ? This was the question he (Mr. Meredith) intended to harp upon, and when- ever the question was put, "That the Speaker do leave the chair and the House resolve itself into a Committee of Supply," he would bring it forward, and demand (if only for the honour of the Queen's representative) an explanation of the advice given to his Excellency. Otherwise they should be at a loss to know why this emasculated scheme of public works was brought forward to supersede the excellent, well- planned, and well devised one of the hon. member for Kingborough a scheme which not only embraced all the requirements of the country, but was accompanied by that sine (qua non demanded by the Tupper House, a taxing bill. He was afraid, notwithstanding the earnest desire of the House he was addressing, to afford the Minister of Lands an opportunity to carry out his scheme of public works that the other branch of the Legislature would not be prepared to stultify themselves, and to say that, notwithstanding the denial we gave to your scheme in 1874, 1875, and 1876, we are prepared to grant you works without means. " Without referring to the Minister of Lands, but taking the Ministry altogether, considering the way in which it was formed, there were certain members of it who did not have his (Mr. Meredith's) perfect confidence. The hon Minister of Lands had told them that it could not be expected since he was now to office, that he would be quite au fait in bringing forward ' a scheme of public works. He (Mr. Meredith) had always been in favour of a permanent head of the department. The hon. member was addressing the House on this subject when, at the usual hour, the accustomed adjournment for refreshments was aside. EVENING SITTING. The House resumed at 7 o'clock. Mr. MEREDITH continued by saying that he congratulated the Minister of Lands on the result of the labour he had performed during the six weeks he had been in office, and on what he had laid before the House and he was of opinion that if he were not capable of fulfilling properly the position he held he had no business here. (Hear, hear.) The Main Line Railway had been brought up again and the hon, the Colonial Treasurer had stated that the Mersey and Deloraine Railway must stand over until the railway had been completed. He could not, however, agree to this, as the people most interested in the matter were put to a great inconvenience in the meantime. Very much more was required to be done by those in charge of the road funds, in order to equalise the divided interests at present existing. The great number of trusts were not for the benefit of the country, but on the contrary, as they worked one against the other. Each district should carry out its works for itself, but at present the districts that ought to do this knew nothing about self gover li- ment. What the country wanted was more municipalities and more self-government. 'Mr. RISBY said that he had come into the House not for any personal consideration, but simply to assist in carrying out any object that would be for the good of the country. Any scheme which the present Ministry might propose, and that met his approval, would have his supper t. He thought that the sum of £140,000 proposed to be spent by the present Ministry on public works would be judiciously expended, and he would be always willing to support such on any similar scheme. He did not pretend to be an engineer,, but he believed that if that sum were properly expended, the country would be benefited not only to that amount, but to much more. He would not go rashly in for an expenditure of this kind, for by so doing it would be doing an injustice to the employers of labour. What he wanted to see was a proper qual pro quo, for that was the principle he believed in, and it was the best principle for all parties if properly and honestly carried out. He did not like to see things done hastily, for when they were so done, they were done not only badly but loosely. He was no advocate for keeping up any distinction between the north and the south of the country, and that while supporting the north, he should not target the south. (Hear, hear.) What was at present wanting in the south, would be after was made up for the north. Acting on these principles, he trusted he would be able to support every item that in his opinion was placed properly before the House. At present there was a very great difficulty in getting to the Western Coast, but he hoped that difficulty would soon be overcome. No doubt the telegraph was a great luxury and a great benefit to the country, and would lead to a large and increased amount of business. He believed in bridges, and that they were necessary, and ought to be built. He did not find fault with the amount of money proposed to be expended upon them-but money for such purposes ought to be properly expended and he was aware that sometimes money voted for such objects was not always expended for good. He was not in favour of subsidies. As to the Kangaroo Point ferry, he considered that the money proposed to be expended on that would be money spent in the right direction. As to the Main Line Railway and the Railway Association, he thought he had a duty to per- form in' making some remarks respecting the subject. In his opinion the Main Line Railway was forced upon the Government, and had the company asked the Government to carry it out, he did not think it would have been carried out at all. As it was, the line was not as it could be wished to her! He was not an engineer himself, but he know enough to believe that the engineers who had made their reports on the railway had given honest opinions. Mr. Green had done so, and he believed the others had done the same. There were many matters connected with the line which had not been carried out as he could wish, and he was as anxious to see the contract fulfilled and the country receiving full value for its money as any member of that House. (Hear, hear.) As to the Mersey line, he was sincerely sorry that the Government had not been in a position to submit a sum adequate for carrying out that line to its completion, because he believed it was a great pity. that such an important work should be overgrown y'Mi thistles. (Hear, hear.) He believed that were the Government to complete the work, it would soon be paying for itself and contributing something towards paying the interest upon the cost of construction. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt that so far as Tasmania was concerned, the great want was roads (hear, hear-and that it would be a true policy to borrow money to make those roads for without them they might be assured that the colony would not be of any great permanent value. Another matter he wished to touch upon was that of tolls. He hoped that the barbarous system of collecting tolls would buhu Do swept away. (Hear, hear.) They were a nuisance, and generally speaking the owners of property had to pay them. He thought that it would be far better that they should pay by means of a rate than by the indirect way of levying tolls for the use of the public roads (hear, hear)-for at present, as was well-known, half the amounts received went to the man who kept the toll-bar. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Bisby) supported direct taxation in the hope that the cry of freetrade, which had been from time to time raised, might have some effect given to it. He hoped the time was not far distant when we should be able to collect all the revenue required for this colony, and odor some substantial relief of Customs duties, and so open up a way to what was termed free-trade. (Hear, hear.) No one could doubt but that if Tasmania could induce any other colony to join with her in that direction much might be gained from such' on alliance, and he was glad to see New South Wales inclined that way. If that was encouraged he had every confidence that Tasmania would be greatly benefited by it, and that we should find a wonderful difference in her progress. (Hear, hear.) They had yet to wait to see whether the present Government was an oat next one-year, hear-but hosincerclyhopbd they were ; and if he found them so he should be prepared to assist them in all matters that might tend to the progress of the colony which they might submit to the judgment and consideration of the House. (Hear, hear.) There were one or two matters connected with the district he had the honour to represent which he would like to say a few words upon before sitting down. There was no doubt that the district of Franklin returned a large amount of revenue to Hobart -that, in fact, it was one of the principal supporters of. Hobart Town; the amount of raw material produced, the timber, the fruit, etc., being so considerable as to create a constant and always increasing traffic between the district and the city. The trade of late had wonders fully increased the barges and ketches employed on the river were now numerous and increasing and there was no doubt that the raw material of tbodisliial was being produced at a very cheap rate. In these circumstances it was the duty of Parliament to encourage the-labour expended in the district, and not lose sight of the large amount of difficulty which the timber trade was put under an bringing produce, etc., to the market, at a price that could be considered reproductive (Hear, hear.) There was no other matter that he wished to bring before the House. He hoped and trusted that the House would wipe out all its fault-finding, whether on one side or the other, and agree to support measures for the progress of the colony, and to facilitate the business (of Parliament. He should care for no party, but would give an independent vote in support of whatever measures might be submitted which he should consider beneficial to the colony. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HENRY said he gathered from the speech of the Minister of Lands that he did not intend to take any responsibility in reference to any proposals of public works that might be brought forward [Au hon. Member: No] that owing to the short time he had been in office he had had to depend upon his two previous predecessor for the scheme that was now brought forward. [Mr. Gayer : He never said so.] So he (Mr. Henry had understood him. He was sorry that the policy of the present Ministry was less extensive than that of the Kennel ley Administration for while he should not go to the length of saying that he should support the expenditure of every particular, item he was prepared to have gone to the extent of the proposition of the Reibey Ministry, if only it were shown that the works proposed to be carried out were works of a Bound character, based upon a sound policy. (Hear, hear.) The sum boat in, no way frightened him. But the Government had not shown how they proposed meeting the expenditure they proposed, and on that account they could not have his support. He could not see why the extension of the Launceston and Deloraine Railway had been left out of the schedule, and said that the large revenue that had been derived from the WestCoastduring the last few years was a strong argument to show why the line should be completed. (Hear, hear.) He believed that the proper mode of raising a revenue for the construction of railways was by assessing the land which was immediately benefited by them. It was a sound principle to expect the localities which would be benefited to pay the interest upon the outlay. He could not approve of the repeal of the Local Public Works Act, and was of opinion that before repealing it the Government should show some good substitute for it. The country should not be left to the caprice of the Ministry of the day for any improvements it might require That Act would be one of the very best that could be carried, but, unfortunately for the public it had not always been properly administered. The Ministry had always wished to have it repealed. He now wished to show what had happened during the administration of which Mr. Moore was a member. The required a bridge over the Meander at Deloraine, and they had a meeting to consider the matter. That meeting was very largely attended, as the work was a very important one, to be used by the next as well as the present generation. They agreed to tax themselves to the extent of £5,000 for the erection of the bridge, and a committee having the confidence of the ratepayers was appointed to call for competitors for a design. They selected one, and the usual steps were taken in compliance with the Act to borrow the sum of £3,000 to build the bridge. They communicated with Mr. Moore, who told them he would build them a bridge for £1,300. The ratepayers being none too fond of paying rates of course accepted the offer, and committed themselves to that amount, and usurped powers which the Act did not give them. But a few of the ratepayers know better than Mr. Moore,, that a good, substantial bridge could not be built for £1,500, even by a universal genius like Mr. Moore, who was equal to everything, even to the position of Minister of Public Works. (Laughter.) The plans for the bridge were drawn by Mr. Moore in his own office, and the bridge that was to cost only £1,500 actually cost over £3,000. It might be supposed that the district would pay the interest on the larger Binn, but such was not the case. To show the improper way in which the public works were administered he might say that in various places works cost 23, 50, and even 75 per cent, over the estimate. The bridge at Deloraine that had been estimated to cost £2,000 had actually cost £3,300. This might be put forward as a reason for the repeal of the Act, but he thought that with a little alteration it might be made a very useful Act for many years to come. He admitted that there was one fault in it-it required payment of money advanced, in 25 years ; whereas' the term should be 30, 40, or 50 years. His remarks might be illustrated by reference to the schedules of works. During the Reibey Administration Mr. O'Reilly brought forward a scheme of works, and the only item in his (Mr. Henry's) district was a bridge over the Meander, near Cheshunt, to be elected at a cost of £500 and that one solitary brid co was omitted from the scheme of public works of the present Minister. He brought the matter before the Minister, and showed him how desirable it would be to have the bridge erected. He referred to a return showing the quantity of land sold within a radius of a mile and a half of the site of the bridge It set forth that within six months no less than £7,500 had been received for that land. He spoke to the present Minister of Lands on the subject, and that hon. member's excuse was the shortness of the time that the Government had been in office. There was a large quantity of unsold land near the site of the bridge fit for settlement, and in the current number of the Quelle portions of it were advertised for tide at an upset price of 30s. per acre. What had been sold there had averaged £2 7s. 6d. an acre. He did not know if he need go any further into the schedule of works. He would be glad to support the present Ministry, and he would do so now if they carried out a good scheme of public works in a constitutional way. They should throw the onus on the other branch of the Legislature, and not throw dust in the eyes of the people. He feared the scheme of the Minister would prove disappointing to himself, disappointing to the House, and disappointing to the public. Mr. GAYER said it was not his intention to deal with the remarks that had fallen from the hon. member who had just taken his seat he was unfortunate enough to have to justify himself from a charge of inconsistency. The scheme submitted by the hon. member for Kingborough, £100,000 for public works,, was one which had met with his strong disapproval, and he had considered the proposed additional taxation as wholly unnecessary. He had looked on the proposed works as very partial to the Ministry of which Mr. O'Reilly was a member. Out of the £400,000 to be expended, the district of Kingborough was to be so fortunate as to get no less than £22,900, whilst Queenborough was to get only £1,500. (Laughter.) West Devon was to got no less than £50,603. Fortunato West Devon ! And East Devon, which was also strongly in favour of the Administration of the day, was to get £123,000, including, of course, the Mersey and Deloraine Railway. Franklin, too, was supposed to return a member favourable to the Government, and was to get£16,300. When became to analyse these various amounts he could not help looking upon the proposi- tion of the then Minister of Lands and Works as most unfair and unjust, and for that reason he opposed him. It was said that the Sinn of £140,000 for public works was a very inadequate one, and he admitted it. The Government had admitted it, but it was merely a temporary scheme of a Ministry that had been in office only about six weeks. The Minister of Lands had told the House that until he was in a position to inspect the various districts of the colony where public works were necessary that until he could act on his own knowledge he could not do any more and he (Mr. Gayer) thought that was a very wise resolution. All sides of the House were in favour of large schemes of public works, and he himself would like to see a railway carried down to Brown's River (laughter) but the time had not arrived for that yet. With regard to other proposed taxation, it appeared to him that some hon. members had got taxation on the brain. It had been dearly proved by the Colonial Treasurer that no necessity existed for any large additional taxation. If the hon. members were so anxious for taxation, let them put their hands in their own pockets and hand their salaries to the Treasurer, who would be very happy to give them receipts in full for the amounts. (Laughter.) He did not like to see the country run into debt. He took the Treasurer's statement as correct, and he saw no necessity for additional taxation. The Minister of Lands had told them that during the recess he would inspect the various districts where public works were deemed necessary, and that he would bring forward at some future time a scheme dealing with them. The honourable member who last addressed the House had said that the Ministers were not men of progress, but he said that they were, and that they had proved it by the readiness with which they had met the present Parliament, though they had several strong reasons for declining to do so. He very much regretted several of the remarks that had been made by the hon. member who had last resumed his seat. He did not think it was wise to anticipate what might be done by the other branch of the Legislature, and he did not think that it was just to do so. When the time arrived when the bill would be rejected by the Upper House, and he hoped and trusted it would not- then would be the time to think of taking action. It should not be forgotten that the £400,000 proposed to be expended on public works by air. O'Reilly could not have been expended in less than four years in to the interests of the country required it. No Ministry would have been justified in submitting to the House be large a scheme of taxation. Believing, as he did, that the scheme of the Minister of Lands met with the present requirements of the country, he hoped it would meet with the approba- tion not only of this House, but also of the other branch of the Legislature. (Hear, hear.) Mr., LEWIS thought if the Ministry had brought forward a bolder measure it would be far more acceptable to the people of the colony, and fur wiser in many respects! They had had no real scheme of public works since that proposed in 1864 by the Whyte-Meredith Ministry, All the other proposals had not been acceptable on account of their not having been attended with the necessary means to carry them out. The present Government asked the House to grant them a scheme of public works, and said they would show them next your how they would raise the money. But to do what they asked now was one thing, and to know what they would do next year was another. (Hear, hear,) The amount proposed at present with ridiculously small. That important Horn, the Mersey and Deloraine Railway, had been left out or not neces-' sary, but he thought it was just as necessary as any of the roads proposed. They had been told that it was quite another thing now to what it was, that they had not now the 22,000 acres of land they might have had when it was first mooted, and that if they carried out the work it would only tend to embarrass the financial movements of the Government as to the Main Line Railway and to enhance the value of that line. Supposing it did he would be very glad to hear it. The amount they would have to pay would have to be settled by arbitration, according to the Act 5 and therefore, if they wished to get the railroad cheap, the sooner they bought it the better-and it should not be an obstacle in the way of carrying out the Mersey and Deloraine Railway. Something had been said by the hon. member for Queenborough about the unfair distribution of the scheme of the late Government. He did not think the present Minister of Lands has been less solicitous about that sort of thing than his predecessor. (Hear, hear.) They found that East Devon was to have £25,000, West Devon, £17,000 and Wellington, £25,000, making £07,000 for those three districts. Moreover, Queenborough had not been forgotten. There was £500 for that. (Laughter.) It might be urged that that was a very small road, but then it must not be for- gotten that Queenborough had a very good road indeed at present, and a toll-gate to assist in keeping it in repair. He did not know what would become of Queenborough when tolls were abolished. He felt bound, _ however, to support the present Ministry in carrying out this scheme. (Hear, hear.) He did not see any reason why they should not carry out their scheme, though they had not seen any reason why the late Administration should carry out theirs. He hoped that the financial proposals would accompany the scheme, otherwise he did not think they would receive that reception in another branch of the Legislature which it was desired they should receive. Something had been said about free trade, and the opening of our ports; but he thought that was a ghost. (Laughter.) There would be nothing like free-trade so long as the policy of the colonies was separate as it was'. The only way to obtain free- trade was by a Customs ; Union, and Tasmania would be such a gainer by that, that the other colonies would become quite jealous, and would not allow it to take place. The duty upon sheep and cattle was at trifling thing ; it was not worth talking about. The duties on tea, tobacco, and sugar were the principal items on the tariff ; wine also was a tolerable item, and they would use a larger quantity of the Australian wines if they came in free. But when they came to the question of a Customs Union and. free trade, they were told the best thing for Tasmania would be to be annexed to and become a province of Victoria, How then would they' be represented in Parliament. Though he was bound to say if they sent a dozen of men over to the Victorian Parliament they would seiubover a superior ,loti of men-(laughter)-and they would hold weight as they would hold together, as the present Opposition were determined to do. (Laughter.) However, he did not wish to take up the time of the House by talking nonsense, He would assent to the public works scheme of the present Ministry (hear, hear-and hoped they would pass the other House. (Hear, hear. J ( The MINISTER OF LANDS said after the criticism the proposals of the Government had been submitted to, it was his duty to make a few remarks. In doing so he had to thank the hon. members opposite for the gratifying manner in which they had discussed the proposals of the Government. Some of the objections made by the hon. members opposite he must take exception to, and some of them surprised him, but speaking generally the objections to the scheme seemed to resolve themselves under two heads. One was' that the scheme was inadequate, the other that no taxing bill accompanied it. (Hear-, hear.) In reply to the first objection he might say that in submitting these proposals to the House he know they were inadequate, but not having had sufficient time to become acquainted with the requirements of the various districts it could hardly be expected to be otherwise. Some misapprehension seemed to have arisen as to the assistance he had derived from his - predecessor, the present Colonial Secretary; He (the Minister of Lands had never said that he (the Colonial Secretary) had assisted him in submitting his scheme, but that his (the Colonial Secretary's) knowledge of the northern part of the island had enabled him (the Minister of Lands to deal with that part of the scheme more fully than he could otherwise have done There had been also some misapprehension as to what he (the Minister of Lands) had said about the tin districts, and he had been understood to have said that the reason the Government did not propose to spend more on that part of the colony was because the stream tin would soon give out. He had said that at the present moment, considering the present knowledge of the Government as to the probable permanency of the tin coming from that part of the country, they did not feel justified in spending a larger sum of money on the Blue Tiers, which was purely a tin country, when it might be well spent on the neighbouring districts of Gould's Country and Scottsdale He thought that the remarks made by hon. members were rather fluttering to the present Ministry. They appeared to think it possible that after having been a few weeks in office the Government could come down with a large scheme of public works, and an accompanying financial policy, but not being possessed of the genius (hear, hear) -of members on the opposite side, the Government could not come down in the Brilliant way they had done when they submitted their policy to the House. He did not wish to speak in disparaging terms of that policy, but it was such as could not meet with general public approbation, and he thought if it had been really understood that the late Ministry were in earnest as to their policy of taxation, as well as their large scheme of public works, the result of the appeal to the country would have been very different. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the scheme of taxation, which it was arranged was to accompany these proposals, his hon. friend, the Colonial Treasurer, had distinctly stated that a re-adjustment of the finances was necessary, and that in the course of a few months they or their successors would have to undertake that adjustment in which the interest on the Main Line Railway' would have to be provided for, and that the nourish- ing state of the revenue was such that there was no necessity for taxation at the present moment. He must say that the remarks of the hon. member for New Norfolk had caused him some surprise. He remembered some few years ago when that hon. member was not so much in favour of large expenditure as he appeared to be at present. He (the Minister of Lands had heard him (Mr. Riddoch), he thought, speak of the madness of rushing into large expenditure on public works. Of course it was gratifying to hear that he had changed his opinions, but will it seemed strange to hear him speak of the present scheme in the way he had done. Speak- ing for himself and his colleagues he might say they were quite silicon in intending to carry out what they had said they would, and hoped to come down to the House on a future occasion with proposals of a larger nature ' Hu (the Minister of Lands) had endeavoured to make himself fully acquainted with the requirements of the country, which he thought might be shown by his journey through the tin districts a few days after he had taken. office', He was sorry hon. member for West Hobart was not present, as, he might relate an incident which allowed that the gospel which he preached was thoroughly believed in by some as regards the class which he (the Minister of Lands) represented. While travelling he had stopped at a house with a gentleman, and while there the host enquired of this gentleman, " Is Mr. Brown a wool king ?" The gentleman who was with him (the Minister of Lands) explained that though not a wool king in the Minister of Lands was an owner of sheep, on which the other exclaimed, "Good heavens ! Then good-by to roads for Scottsdale." (Laughter.) He Turned that that gentleman would have an opportunity of seeing that though he (the Minister of Lands) did represent a sheep and cattle district, he was not unmindful of the wants of the struggling settlers, in the district he was visiting he had never seen so large an agricultural district, so large in area, and so good in quantity. The hon. member for Westbury during the debate had uttered the remark that he- (the Minister of Lands:,) appeared unmindful of the agricultural parts of the colony, and paid more attention to the ' gold and tin mining districts in order to curry favour in another place He (the Minister of Lands) did not think that hon. gentleman gave a very careful consideration to the proposed scheme of works, otherwise he would have seen that there was no such intention, and those who knew him better than that hon. gentleman did, know he (the Minister of Lands was a strong and earnest advocate for the interests of the agricul-. cultural districts. On examination' of the works of his predecessor though they were thoroughly useful, yet lie (the Minister of Lands) found that in his own districts some £5,000 or, £6,000 had been put down for which he know there was no necessity. Actually £2,000 was put down for a road running through his own private property, for which there was no warrant _ whatever. Of, course this' had shaken his faith very much, in the proposals which were made as regarded the other parts of the colony. When speaking upon the alleged inadequacy of his scheme, he had omitted to remind hon. members that the sum of £30,000 had been expended in public works since the proposals of the Kennerley Administration, that the sum of £14,000 had been expended in the tin mining district, and therefore the requirements were being met in that respect, for the work was going on, In addition to that amount, he had pointed out the other evening that there was a large amount being expended under the Land Act. He thought that the Government had enough to work upon for the next 12 or 18 months. (Hear, hear.) He quite agreed with the hon. member for Franklin that it would be most unwise. to rush into the labour market with a large amount of works, and thus inflict inconvenience upon the employers of labour. The hon. member for East Devon had favoured the House with 11 history of the Mersey bridge, He was sorry that he (the Minister of Lands) had got into such hot water over that bridge. He recollected when he was in the North hearing from the Colonial Secretary that the old bridge was in a bad state, and having the presence of the Engineer-in Chief, they consulted with him, and agreed that a sum of £1,000 would be sufficient to make good the approaches to that bridge. The Engineer-in-Chief had, it is too, previously reported that £2,000 was required. Yet, after consulting with the Colonial Secretary and him (the Minister of Lands), he proposed a cheaper mode of doing the work, and in another way. He (the Minister of Lands) immediately wrote to the chairman of the promoters, and stated that upon their taking the necessary steps under the Local Public Works Act for obtaining the consent of the ratepayers to the borrowing of £1,000, plans would be submitted for the cheaper work proposed by the Engineer in Chief. He did not advise that it was absolutely necessary for the promoters to commence de novo by getting the sanction of the ratepayers, because it was, and still is, the intention of the Government to propose the repeal of the Public Works Acts, but the object was to get the work proceeded with, and the very great danger to life and property by the use of the old bridge avoided. He, however, seemed to have been misunderstood by the hon. member for East Devon and other gentlemen connected with the bridge, and the result was that there had been a little unpleasant correspondence, which he was sorry to have heard read in the House, because he had explained the mattertothe hon. member for East Devon, and thought he was quite satisfied with that explanation. With regard to what had fallen from the hon. member for West Devon, as to the proposal to appoint an inspector for the agricultural settlements, he might say that when he spoke of the necessity for such an officer, he was referring to the stripping of timber which was going on. It had come to his knowledge that such was the case, and he thought it was very necessary to appoint some one to see that the law was not being evaded. The same hon. member had attributed to the present Government, the responsibility of compensating the various districts what they would have to pay when direct taxation was in force That proposal had never commended itself to his (the Minister of Land's) judgment, for the simple reason that to carry it out would require not £140,000,- but something like three or four millions. It would be impossible therefore to carry out the proposal, and he had not felt himself bound to submit to it. Then the hon. member for Deloraine spoke of the action of the Kennerley Ministry in insisting upon the Legislature assenting to' all their public works proposals or none-that was when the Mersey and Deloraine Railway was put up along with other works ; but he could assure the hon. members that he (the Minister of Lands) and other members at present on the Ministerial side were responsible for that course being taken. He admitted now that it was a mistake, but at that time thought, after consulting together, that the Northern part of the country, being so strongly represented in another place, would get all it required, while the Southern part would be left out in, the cold. The Kennerley Ministry, therefore, were not altogether responsible in that matter. He would only allude to another matter about which several hon. members had spoken, and that was the repeal of the Local Public Works Act. That Act had been termed a splendid and most beneficial Act. It no doubt was beneficial for getting work done without the remotest intention of paying for it; and unless it was amended almost out of existence, that was what would continue to be done in the future Hon. members knew what the result was when the principle of local liability was applied to the Launceston and Western Railway, and on a smaller scale that was what took place in nearly every little district, and would continue to take place. There might be one or two exceptions, but generally speaking it was, felt to be a very great hardship by local residents that they should have to pay for works when they were taxed for larger works in other parts of the country. He admitted that there were some features of the Act which he approved of ; but on the whole he did not think it worked well. After thanking the House for the cordial way they had received his proposals, and the attention it had given to his reply, he moved that the Speaker leave the chair. The motion was agreed to, and the House went into Committee of Supply. . On the first item, that the sum of £1/,750 be appropriated for defraying the cost of improvements on the road from Elizabeth Town to Latrobe, ~Tha MINISTER OF LANDS moved that progress be reported, and leave given to sit again next day, with the understanding that the scheme would not be proceeded with till Tuesday. Mr. O'REILLY hoped that the Minister of Lands would submit, for the information of hon. members the estimates of the cost of the various works furnished to the department. After eulogising the Engineer-in-Chief, he said he had heard, with considerable surprise, that after furnishing an estimate of the cost of constructing an important public work (the Mersey bridge) he had, after consulting with the Minister of Lands and the Colonial Secre- tary', stated that the work could be constructed for one half the sum first mentioned. The country paid high salary to the Engineer-in-Chief, and he ought to be able to give estimates of a reliable coal uc ter. The MINISTER OF LANDS said he was not only willing but anxious to afford the committee all the information in his power. As to the Mersey Bridge, he thought he had explained that the latest proposals of the Engineer-in-Chief was based upon after knowledge The first estimate was based on the idea that a flood of the river Mersey would be likely to do more damage to the bridge than it really would, and that led to the reduced estimate and to the proposal that the works should be done in a totally different way. Mr. O'REILLY pointed out that the Engineer-in Chief had visited the locality and inspected the work and reported to him (Mr. O'Reilly) when he was in office. Upon that report he submitted the work to the House, the cost being put down at £2,000. Afterwards it appeared the Engineer in-Chief stated that the work could be done at one half the cost he first estimated. It looked as if that officer was incapable of furnishing correct estimates until he had consulted with the head of the department, and, if so, it was exceedingly unsatisfactory. The COLONIAL TREASURER thought the discussion of this matter was premature, for the Mersey bridge would have to come before the committee on a future day, and then would be the proper time to introduce this question. In justice to Mr. Fincham and the Minister of Lands, he must say he thought the way the hon. member for King borough had put the matter was a very needlessly objectionable one Did the hon. gentleman mean to argue that when an estimate for work to cost £10,000 or £15,000 was submitted to the Minister of Lands, the Minister was not to say, " Well that work may be important, but if it is to cost £15,000,1 certainly shall not submit it to Parliament ;" or that the Engineer-in-Chief had no right to suggest that there was a cheaper mode of doing the work. That, he took was what had been done in this case. Mr. O'REILLY said he had no desire to cost any retlcctioiijgUpon the Engineer- in-Chief, but the statement of the Minister of Lands would lead the public to believe that there had been some undue influence brought to bear in the matter. Mr. DOOLEY thought that the matter was of great importance, and asked what reliance could be placed upon the estimates of the Engineer-in-Chief after what had been stated. The motion was then agreed to, and the House having resumed, progress was reported, and leave given to sit again next day. - , THE ORDER OF BUSINESS. On the motion of the PREMIER, it was decided that several notices of motion, beginning at No. 10 should take precedence. PILLINCIER LAND SELECTIONS. Mr. PILLINGER moved that all documents and correspondence connected with the selection of agricultural land in the parish of Anstey, county of Soniorict, by J. J. li., and A. T. Pillinger, under the 24th section of 34 Vict., No. 10, be laid upon the table of the House. The motion was agreed to. mu. Wylie's stories:.' Mr. PILLINGER asked the hon. the Attorney-General if in the event of it being proved practicable to construct a railway through the centres of population, by the route known as Wylie's, within the amount of £650 000 on which interest is guaranteed by the colony, in the present divergence of the line from that route a breach of the Main Line Railway contract ? TheATTOllNHY-GENERAL, in answer to the question of the hon. gentleman : I may say that it is not the custom for the Attorney General to answer a legal question upon a supposed or hypothetical statement of facts, and for that reason I do not propose to answer this question (Laughter.) I beg to ve I am light in my statement as to the custom. The SPEAKER : That is the usual mode of pro endure. volunteer force. Mr. JUST had leave to bring in a bill to facilitate the formation of a temporary Volunteer Force within the colony of Tasmania. It was read a first time, and made an order of the day for second reading on that day fortnight. 1 FIREARMS. Mr. BROMBY moved for leave to bring in a bill to restrict the use of certain firearniB. Leave was granted ; the bill was read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time on Friday week. ELECTORAL ACT. Mr. BROMBY moved for leave' to bring in a bill to amend the Electoral Act, No 4. Leave was granted and the bill was read a first time, and set down for second reading on Friday week. THE PUBLIC SERVICE. Mr. MITCHELL asked the hon. the Premier when it is the intention of the Government to introduce a Civil Service Bill The PREMIER said that the importance of the question was such that it would cause the Government to give to it the fullest consideration during the recess, but it was not their intention to deal with it this session. VACCINATION RETURNS. Mr. SALIER moved for a return of all the public vaccinations performed throughout the colony from the 19th February, 1877, to 30th September, 1877. To be particularised The registration district, the name of the vaccinator, number vaccinated each week, with dates and ages of the persons vaccinated at and under six months old, from six months to one year old, and all ages above ; with the results, as to number returned to show the effect on the eighth day after vaccination, whether entirely or only partially successful, or entirely unsuccessful ; also the number of persons of the same family. The motion was agreed to. THE LATE TOOROOATION. Mr. REIBEY Y moved that an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that he will cause to be laid upon the table of this House any despatch, or despatches, which may be in his possession having reference to the prorogation of Parliament when in session - particularly the despatch addressed to His Excellency Sir Henry Fox Young by the Secretary of State. Mr. MEREDITH (who had been absent from the House) here entered the chamber, and under a misconception that Ministers were opposed to the paper being produced, proceeded to say that the motion involved the very highest principle ; it involved the question whether the present Government were justified in advising His Excellency to prorogue Parliament, and if they could not support that position they were not entitled to the confidence of the House. The PREMIER rose to a point of order. The question was whether papers should be laid before the House. When they were laid hon. members would be in a position to form an opinion upon the subject, but they were not at present. Mr. MEREDITH : It was of the utmost consequence these papers should be on the. table ; the existence of the Ministry depended upon their production, for it was well known that on the 10th July, 1870, the hon. member for East Hobart The PREMIER again rose to a point of order. Mr. MEREDITH : Sir, I am not going to take what you tell me is usual as my guide (Order, order.) I complain, Mr. Speaker, of the vulgarity of that man. The SPEAKER The hon. member is guilty of conduct which is very improper. ' Mr. MEREDITH continued to argue that he had a perfect right to debate the motion, when The COLONIAL TREASURER rose to order. Mr. MEREDITH : I am in order. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Will you sit down, sir, -while I am stating the point of order. Mr. MEREDITH : Of course I will, when you ask me as a gentleman. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER said it was usual when the Speaker had given his ruling upon a point of order to abide by it, but the hon. gentleman (Mr. Meredith went on disputing it. As the oldest member of the House, he should be the first to abide by the ruling of the chair. After some further discussion, and calls to order, it was explained that Ministers did not oppose the production of the papers, whereupon Mr. MEREDITH said if the Government were going to grant them there was no use disputing the question, and sat down amid some laughter. The motion was agreed to ST. luke's school. Mr. GELLIBRAND moved that all correspondence between the Very Rev. W. J. Dunne and the Executive Government, in reference to St. Luke's Ragged School, Upper Macquarie-street, be laid on the table of the House. The motion was agreed to SANDFLY TRAMROAD. , Mr. O'REILLY moved that an, address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that he will cause to be laid, upon the table of the House the memorial of Messrs. Lucas and Hurst with reference to the construction of a tramroad to coal mines at Sandfly River. Agreed to. LAUNCESTON POLICE. Mr. GELLIBRAND, for-Mr. Hart, moved for leave to introduce a Police Provident Fund Bill for the town of Launceston. Leave was given, and the bill brought in and read a first time. The second reading was fixed for Friday week. . - DRAFT CONTRACT OF MAIN LINE. Mr. JUST asked the hon. Colonial Treasurer whether the Government are not in possession of a report from Mr. S. V. Kemp, O.F., upon the draft of the contract proposed in 1872 for the construction of the Main Line Railway The COLONIAL TREASURER said he was not aware of any such report boing in possession of the Government further than one laid on the table of the House, and ordered to be printed some two or three years back. He knew of no such report as that asked for. HOBART TOWN WATER BILL. The COLONIAL TREASURER had leave to in- produce a bill to amend the Hobart Town Water Act 1890. The same was read a first time, and set down for second reading on Friday week. BUSINESS. The PREMIER, at this point, said, perhaps this would be a convenient time to ask if they would not best consult the wishes of country members and expedite the business of the country by sitting on Monday next. (Hear.) He desired to inform the House that if that course were taken his hon. friend the Colonial Treasurer proposed taking the estimates on that evening, and the public works proposals on Monday. Mr. REIBEY opposed the suggestion of the Premier, and after some remarks from Mr. MAT CHELL and Mr. JUST, no further action was taken, and the proposition fell through. I1IÍIIXIE OVER THE MEANDER. Mr. HENRY moved that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole House to consider an address to be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying that His Excellency will be pleased to recommend the appropriation of a sum not exceeding £500 to be placed on the estimates, for the purpose of constructing a bridge over the Meander River, near Cheshunt, via proposed by the late Minister of Lands. The hon. member at some length pointed out the claims of the district to have this bridge that it was proposed to be constructed about 104 miles from the Deloraine terminus of the Launceston and Western Railway and that it would be in the centre of a vast agricultural district. The land on both sides of the river was good, and the Government had advertised it as being of superior quality. Mr. MITCHELL admitted the necessity of making the bridge proposed, and only hoped that all who wanted similar accommodation should have a share of the public money. The PREMIER said that the Government were willing to do everything that was just and reasonable, but such appeals to the House as this could not be assented to without being daily weighed. The Government could not be expected to assent to a proposition like the present without thoroughly knowing everything about it. The honorable the Minister of Lands had already told the House that the Government were not prepared to carry out any works other than those for which good and sufficient reasons could be shown, and which could be carried out for public utility, and be at the same time carried out and completed quickly. It had taken a long time to gather all the necessary information that was thought proper to bring to hear on these matters. No doubt every bridge that was really required should be provided for but the Government ought not to be expected to make an exception in respect of this bridge alone The Government proposed to expend the sum of £154,000 on public works, and in addition to this honorable members came forward with proposals for works i 11 their respective districts. Each member proposed something for his own district, or, in other words, something for himself. The schedule of expenditure for public works was not to be taken into consideration by this Honan only, but it would be reviewed by the other branch of the Legislature, who would not look favourably on such a case as this. If sums for works like this were to be tacked on to the amount already proposed for public works, the Government would be unable to keep the expenditure of the revenue within due limits. He therefore objected to this proposition, and would object to all other propositions of a similar nature. Ways and means must first be discovered to carry out the wants of the country, and without them nothing could be done. The Government had already told the House what it proposed to do, and what it could do and to go further would be going beyond what it possibly could do. It would be an unwise course to pass or to listen to another motion of this kind. The hon. the Treasurer had laid before the House his proposals for the expenditure for the year on public works, and the Government had no desire to listen to any proposition for the increase of this amount. At the flame time notices of motion of this character would be duly considered, and, if found proper, would be included in any scheme that it might be thought necessary hereafter to bring before the House, Mr, MEREDITH said that from what he saw in The Mercury of this day it would seem that the policy there propounded was the basis of the argument which had been produced before the House. But what else could be expected from a Government with such a man at its head a man who dared not to before his constituents yet could come to this House and say this or that or anything he pleased ? He would never admit that he was a responsible Minister. If he wished to be one let him make himself one Was the substance to be presided over by the shadow? He concluded by strongly objecting to the action of the Government with regard to the Mersey and Deloraine Railway. The MINISTER OF LANDS said that the hon. , member who had just sat down had referred to. The Mercury, and had stated that the policy of the Government had been foreshadowed by an article which had appeared in that newspaper. The fact was, that he (the Minister of Lands) had been so very busy he had not had time to read the article and he could say that the course proposed to be taken had been decided long before He began to doubt the sincerity of some hon, members of the Opposition who were going to support the scheme of public works, as, if they really meant to see it carried, they would not put such notices of motion as the one under consideration on the paper. Every £1,000 asked for in that way was so much against the carrying out of the scheme He begged that hon. monitors would give some credence to the statement that all the works which had been proposed would receive his boat consideration. It it were put before him whether the work should be done or not he would vote for it. (Hear, hear.) It was one of the works that should at some time be undertaken ; but if they were to agree to such resolutions as the one that had been proposed, they would have to begin all over again. The Government could not take such a step, because if they did so in one case they should do be in all the others, and their whole scheme would vanish in thin air. Mr. REIBEY said the Minister of Lands had stated that he was unable to bring forward a proper scheme of works because he was only six weeks in office. [A Member î What did you do when in office ?) He (Mr. Reibey) said that, notwithstand- ing all the Opposition his Government had. met with during its thirteen months of office, it had done more than had been done during many years before He looked upon the fact of the present Government being only six weeks in office as no excuse whatever for bringing forward such a schedule, especially when the fact was taken into consideration that the Ministers had had experience of office during some five oraixyaars. (No, no.) Well, some of them were that length of time in office, or at least four years. Perhaps the hon. gentleman would admit the facts of the case. The Minister of Lands and his colleagues were pledged to the colony to bring forward a progressive scheme of public works. To this they owed all their popularity yet it was now submitted that to add one penny to the £140,000 scheme of the Government would destroy it. He would support the motion, believing the continuance of the Launceston and Western Railway to be an absolute necessity. Mr. GELLIBRAND strongly supported the remarks that had fallen from the Minister of Lands and Works. If the Government did not discharge the functions of a Government, they were not worthy the name They ought to be best qualified to put forward a scheme of public works, and they should not let the Opposition Usurp their functions. [The Mercury.'] No. He had always upheld the principle that the proper duty of a Government was to prepare a statement of the finances and expenditure of the country, and lay it before the House and that it was not the duty of any private member to impose a burden on the country. [The Mercury.] He had always been of the same opinion. He believed that the motion might be a good and useful one, but he would oppose it on principle as interfering with the functions of the Government. Mr. JUST was very much surprised at the lecture which the House had just listened to and he wanted to know what the last speaker meant. Hon. members were the representatives of the people in Parliament, and every member on the Opposition side had exactly the same power as if he sat on the other side of the House. He believed it was the duty of private members to bring forward matters which might Ira omitted from schemes by the Government. He himself was always an advocate for public works, and was pledged as such. He was prepared to vote for the motion. Mr. BROMBY said that they were in Opposition, and a very strong one-hour, hear) and if the Government would not do its duty they (the Opposition would carry out public works, and let the Government sit still and receive their salaries, and do nothing, as they had been doing. He might point out one item on the present miserable scheme of public works which he knew something of, viz, that proposing an expenditure of £500 on the road from Ridgeway. to Sandy Bay, when the late Ministry had proposed £1,500 as the smallest possible sum to be expended upon it. The Minister of Lands, who had been one of those that were so greedy of office that they turned the late Administration out, now came down to the House and told them they must put up with the miserable schedule of public works which he had substituted for the scheme of the late Administra- tion because he knew nothing about it. As Ministers had thus failed to give them a proper scheme of public works, for that reason they now saw item after item put down by private members which they thought was necessary to be carried out. The COLONIAL TREASURER said a great deal of unnecessary bush seemed to have crept into the discussion about the Government not doing their duty, and the hon. members had expressed the intention of the Opposition to govern the country from that side of the House (Hear, hear.) If hon. gentlemen on that side were strong enough to do that, they had better cross over and take their seats on the Treasury Benches, for directly the Opposition were the stronger it was their duty to take upon themselves the Government of the country, and not attempt the unconstitu- tional opposition they were doing. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member who had last sat down had criticised an item which he said he knew something about. He (the Colonial Treasurer) know perhaps more about that item than the hon. member did. When the late Minister of Lands was wandering around the country to see how he could make up the £400,000 he proposed to oxiioml on public works, he could only make up £300,000, leaving £10,000 still to be provided for. How was he to spend the sum? There was an election coming off, at which the late Ministry hoped a t-tipportor of theirs would be returned, and so they took what he thought was the most unconstitutional course ever taken by any Ministry in all the British dominions. They absolutely went down to the returning places, and at a banquet given at Kingston had the indecency to advise the electors of Queenborough to return their candidate and further, a member of the Upper House actually took part in that banquet, and advised the electors to return his son. And with an eye to this election, it was thought it would be a wise plan to put this £1,500 on the estimates, without any reference to anybody, except, he (the Colonial Treasurer) believed, a gentleman who was not at present in the colony, but who might be remembered as having always taken a great interest in " the little charcoal burners and little property holders "-(a laugh) and who never was at a loss to recommend Ridgway, having, hojtheColonialTreasurer) fancied, some property in that direction. This was the source from which the late Ministry obtained their information as to the expenditure of this £1,500. Mr. BROMBY : Not true. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Well, we can put that on a par with any other statement of the hon. gentleman. What he said would generally have little weight either in this House or elsewhere, but I happen to speak of what I know. Mr. BROMBY : Shufller The hon. gentleman has distinctly charged me with perpetual untruth. At all events, I did not take my seat by shuttling. The COLONIAL TREASURER The hon. gentleman had said what I said was untrue, and he, therefore, drew upon himself my retort. Mr. BROMBY The hon. member had made a statement as a fact which I said was not a fact. The COLONIAL TREASURER-. Directly the hon. gentleman states anything as a fact I should begin to doubt it. (Laughter.) . Mr. BROMBY : That does not hurt me coming from such a source The SPEAKER : The hon. member is out of order. The COLONIAL TREASURER said he apologised to the Speaker if he had said anything whatever that was disrespectful to the House, but the hon. gentleman, who really took every occasion to make offensive remarks, could not be surprised if occasionally some statements were made that reflected on himself. The hon. member then related the course pursued by Sir Julius Vogel and Mr. Boucaut, in the respective Governments of New Zealand and South Australia, to show that on both these occasions a similar position taken up by the Opposition had been declared unconstitutional and not allowed by the Government. The Government would not submit to have their proposals disar- ranged in the way attempted by the Opposition. There were motions now on the paper to the extent of £154,000, and if Uichu were granted further suggestions would come in until the amount of the expenditure would be swelled out, not to £400,000, but to three or four millions. [Mr. BnoMiiv 2 Nonsense; rubbish.] The hon. member 'for Deloraine had told him (the Colonial Treasurer) enough to make him see his case was deserving of consideration, but, so long as the Government hold its seat they must adhere to the proposals they had submitted, if they were to carry weight in that House or elsewhere All that they could do with new proposals was to say "We are prepared to give due consideration to them." The financial proposals he had submitted to the House did not admit of being tampered with. They admitted of a fair and business-like dealing, but the calculations of the Government must not be disarranged. If the House were willing to receive the £1,000 which had been brought forward by the Government of which Mr. Reibey was the head, why were they not willing to receive the £140,000 submitted to them by the present Ministry? The hon. member for Kingborough had brought forward preliminary proposals of public works in 1875. [Mr. Bromby : No.] The hon. member might say no, but he (the Colonial Treasurer) saw the hon. member for Kingborough nodded his head in acquiescence, and he would say that those proposals were only interim proposals, for the works of urgent necessity of the same nature also were the works now submitted to the House, and he did not think one member could conscientiously say that more than the amount proposed could be expended before the next session of Parliament. He would point' out that the £140,000 could not, in any fair and legitimate way, be expended before the next meeting of Parliament. Then why load the schedule with works which could not be completed before Parliament met again li The fair, reasonable, and common sense view of the matter was for every hon. gentleman who had proposals to make to bring them forward, support them with such material as he had at his command, and then leave them to be dealt with at some future time If hon, members insisted upon their proposals being included in the present scheme then it would lead to one of two inferences either that they were seeking for a little popularity amongst their constituents, or that they aimed at assailing the position of the Ministry, and preventing the carrying out of the public works scheme. He, was sure, however, that many gentlemen sitting on the opposite side of the House did not desire to do either of these two things and he hoped that as a little reflection they would see that what the Ministry had proposed was even more than could be done before Parliament met again, [Mr. Meredith : No.] Well, the honourable member for West Devon was the only member who would say no" to that. It would be quite sufficient time to include the works now proposed by hon. members in the schedule of 1878. Of course the House would have to decide whether those matters were to go any further or not but the Government must resist going into committee on these works. Mr. O'REILLY, referring to what the Colonial Treasurer had said about him not knowing how to provide for on expenditure of £10,000, said that a Minister must of course take into his confidence some of the officers of his department, and when a Minister made an assertion of the kind made by the Colonial Treasurer, then he was bound to inform the House from whom he received his information. He (Mr. O'Reilly) was bound to consult the Engineer-in-Chief as to the amount proposed to be expended on public works, but he had consulted him in the strictest confidence, and he could not believe that that gentleman could so far forget himself as to repeat a private conversation to his (Mr. O'Reilly's) successor, or to the Colonial Treasurer. At all events he denied the truth of the assertion made by the Colonial Treasurer (hear, hear)-and he thought that hon. _ gentleman was bound to state who gave him the information, and if possible, relieve Sir. Fincham from a serious imputation. The COLONIAL TREASURER said he had mentioned no names whatever in the House, and he thought it was very undesirable that the hon. gen-' tleman should endeavour to bring forward names' as he had done in his speech. In accordance with the rules of the House, if the hon.' gentleman said that he (the Colonial Treasurer) had been misin- formed upon the point-that in fact no such occurrence took place of course he was bound to accept that statement. Mr. O'REILLY said that the hon, gentlemen could not possibly have got his information from anyone but Mr. Fincham ; but if that was not so in justice to Mr. Fincham he should state that he did not get the information from him. Passing on to other matters, it had been stated by the Colonial Treasurer, that the motion now before the House would be a test point upon which all the other works would be decided ; but he (Mr. O'Reilly) would point out that there was a very great difference, in the proposals which were to be placed before the House Some of the motions set down, on the paper by private members were for works which the hon. gentleman (the Colonial Treasurer) himself for three sessions proposed to this House, and which this House approved of. (Hear, hear.) Those works, therefore, ought to be considered in a different way to that now proposed, which was a new one The House was also told that the proposing of these additional items would seriously embarrass the passage of the Ministerial scheme in the other branch of the Legislature : but he doubted whether such would be the case What would be the argument that might be used, and justifiably used, in the Upper House against the passage of the scheme ? That House might say that the works which were proposed in 1875, and which were said to be absolutely necessary, having now been abandoned, if they allowed the present scheme to stand over, perhaps that would be abandoned also in other words, it might be said, "Wait a little longer, and perhaps we can do without any works." The Colonial Treasurer' had referred to the responsibility of Ministers providing the cost of the works set down by private members, and pointed out that if the House sanctioned any additional expenditure, it would seriously embarrass the Ministry in providing additional taxation to meet the cost of these works. But it was not for the House or the counter to consider what would inconvenience any Ministry. The Government did not propose what was absolutely necessary for the country, for the works proposed were wholly inadequate to the general requirements ; but they proposed what they hoped would not interfere with their positions as Ministers. He believed that if their measure went up to the Upper Branch of the Legislature bearing upon its face the impression that that the Lower House was determined to have a measure adequate to the requirements of the country, and not such a one as was framed simply to avoid inconvenience on the part of Ministers, there would be some chance, of its passing, but not without. Mr. O'Reilly next enlarged on the point that the Government scheme of taxation did not disclose how the money proposed to be borrowed would be made good and to the fact that the Colonial Treasurer had taken the objection to his scheme that it was committing the country to what he had been pleased to call an undefined expenditure of public money." But what now was the position of the hon. gentleman and his Government 1 They declined to state to what extent they were prepared to go, and they provided no ways and means for what they proposed to do. So long as things continued to thrive, they might continue to expend large sums of money ; but supposing the, reverse to be the order of the day, in what position would the successors of the hon. gentleman be placed ? They had been told that the Government proposed to mature a larger scheme during the recess, but it, was not likely that the Upper House would autlm, rise the expenditure of this £140,000 which the Government were now proposing until it knew what the larger measure was to be (Hear, hear.) Besides, if they were to have a large expenditure, it would be much better to borrow a large sum of money at one time, which could be got at a cheap rate and invest what might not be required in one year in our banks, fixed deposits carrying interest at the rate of 5 per cent. The hon. member then' proceeded to contend that the amounts which he had proposed to expend at the Huon were not proportionately with the difference in the loan intended to be made larger than was set down by the present Government; and denied that in sub-' mitting his proposals to the House last session, he had been influenced with the desire to secure the votes of the people at the general election, The ATTORNEY-GENERAL was at a loss to understand whether the hon. member, on a motion of this nature, was attacking the policy of the Government or not. It appeared to him that at one time the hon. member complained of the estimates being too small, and at another of their being too large It could not be denied that works were necessary, but only a certain amount could be done at one time and where then, was the reason for putting down other works that could not be carried out? The works which the Government proposed to carry out exceeded the amount the late Ministry had proposed to do in one year, and it would be sufficient to say what the policy of the Government was in respect to further works when the proper time arrived. What was the use of putting was. the schedules works which, even if proposed, could not be carried out? Looking at the scheme for Smillie works as a whole, no objection could be taken to them in themselves, but when further expenses are asked to be added to those, already proposed, there would be no money left to carry them out. If the members of the Opposi- tion were not satisfied with what had been proposed by the Government by all means let them go to the country ; but this was a roundabout way escape; ing any Ministry. The works the Government proposed to construct were absolutely necessary, and no one could say they were not. The hon. member had taken the line he did simply for Opposition purposes, and nothing else. Mr. O'REILLY explained that what he said was. not intended as an attack on the Ministry, Mr. PILLINGER considered that the Minister of Lands through having little experience of office had proposed measures which he stated were for the good of the country, but which, if carried as' a policy, would render it necessary for every Independent member to walk out of the House (Hear,' hear.) He had not one iota of party, feeling on the question of public works. The Colonial Treasure!; ' had said that the Government proposal was for'ard hands as could be expended in the course of the year; but why stop boro? Why not propose a great and comprehensive scheme and carry it out by degrees ? The present proposal was a patch work policy, and patchwork like this had been sells ruin of the colony, (Hear, hear.) There Teas nothing to show for the public debt of this country. A scheme for public works should be both large and' comprehensive He said the Government has followed the dictation of The. Mercury, but he would not be influenced by anything that apropos ¡,, the, papers, and he would only vote for what' he considered was for the good of the country. ' Mr. DOOLEY very much regretted that the Ministry should follow the dictates of The Jewish ' because it would deprive, every honourable member of the Assembly of his. right to bring forward motions such as the, present and he would support the motion, which was not a new one. The district had a prominent claim on the House (Divide, divide.) Mr. HENRY was at a loss to know why the, Minister of Lands did not take further time to consider his scheme if he found that six weokswere.tt.o4 sufficient. (Divide, divide.) The J House then divided on the motion. Eleven voted for, and twelve against it. The following is the division list : Ayos, 11, Reibey Bromby Meredith Just Henry O'Reilly Lotto Pillinger Risby . Dooley Riddoch (teller). Noes, 12. Fysh Giblin Dobson v; Brown Gellibrand Gilmore Salier Bolbin Gayer Lamb v Hodgson Mitchell (tells) ADJOURNMENT. At 20 minutes after midnight, the House adjourned to 4 o'clock this afternoon. Floriline For thsTrbth and Breathe few drops of the liquid " Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth- brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delight fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed tooth or tobacco smoke. " The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the tone, and the inmates! , toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s. 6d., of all energies and perfumers, Propst ed by Aikman C QALlor, 4M ' ' Oxford-street, London. l-t-8-7* "IlsiiKKLKY, Sept., 1859. Gentlemen, I feel Hedley I owe to you to express my gratitude for the trees, benefit I have der even by taking Norton's CAMomt« Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the above-named Pills, for wind in the stomach. from which I suffered excruciating pain Kt a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but. without doing any benefit at all. After taking two. bottles of your valuable pills I was quite restored to its usual state of health. Please give this publicity for Use benefit of those who may be thus afflicted am, sir. yours truly, Hcnbt Awpass,-To the Proprietors el j [orte&*sCM&omilenUs;,M ll-8-Ts ' 