“ WE Compliment the manufacturers of sensa tional impossibilities on the artistic parallel they have succeeded in establishing between their public show and the present Govern ment. As Macbeth says—“ The times have been that when the brains were out, the man would die :.and there an end”; but now they rise again. It is broadly stated that “ the brains were out ” of that noble animal the giraffe, notwithstanding which the “ noble animal ” still continued to perform all the functions of a giraffe, at any rate so far as external appearances were concerned. The mechanism required to perfect the perform ance must have been of a nature to commend itself to the admiration of the ingenious ; the results of the artistic deception must have been extremely gratifying to the proprietors of the automaton. These results are reckoned in thousands, every shilling of which had been cleverly extracted from the pockets of a gullible and gulled public. The analogy between an automaton giraffe and an auto maton government is complete in many re spects. The brains were out of the giraffe, and still it moved its head, rolled its eyes, shuffled on its legs, poked its proboscis into a sham hay-bin, and looked down upon the spectators generally. Perhaps some enthu siastic noodle will pretend to believe that the brains are not yet out of the government; that the collective capacity such as it is has not yet been Teduced to the end of automatic action : and that the real proprietors of the show—who are generally speaking unknown to the.public—are not making a gopd thing out of the exhibition of their collection of political curiosities. The delicate mechanism stowed away somewheie inside the skin of that giraffe, or rather the outward covering of what once had been a giraffe, answered all the purposes so far as the showmen were concerned of the vital principle of life. It drew the sixpences. An automatic govern ment is equally successful in that respect. Like the giraffe, all its proprietors require of it is the semblance of action and the mockery of motion; and the management of the poli tical show, like the management of the giraffe show, have no cause to complain of the results. The great drawback to this state of things is that as soon as the bubble is touched with the point of a pin, revenue from that source is suspended pending further ar rangements. To a bamboozled public, all that-is now left is a mere litter of damaged machinery plus a veritable hide, which once no doubt was swiftly carried over the sands of Africa, but which now can only be used as the raw material for common leather, un less some Pythagorean genius of the mecha nical order can utilise the skin for exhibi tion in the character of a wild zebra or a tame ass. Like the internal arrangements of the giraffe, some little light has been thrown on the secret machinery of our political auto maton ; and that light has not tended to the assurance of immunity felt by the showmen either of the physical (and mechanical) or of the political exhibition. The eye-rolling, leg-shuffling, nose-poking portions of the per formance have been indifferently well got through so far by the mechanical contrivance at present engaged in working the helm of state ; but the show itself has become mono tonous. The public, hitherto so completely resigned to the acceptance of whatever the gods thought proper to provide, have taken to yawning at the performance, and loudly demand a change. In both cases it is to be feared that the money taken at the doors is hopelessly irrecoverable. The chief value of shams in a commercial sense is the rapidity with which results are realised, the tent poles struck, and the substitution of dissolv ing views. In this respect the circus show men prove themselves to be a cut above their political imitators in the political exhibition. They have made tracks before an impatient public began to suspect a trick ; whilst the others stick^to the stage in the desperate hope that the deception has not yet been dis covered. The peripatetic company can say with Prospero that Our revels now are ended ; these our actors As I foretold you were all spirits, and Are melted into air, thin air; And like the baseless fabric of this vision, The cloud-capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea all which it inherits, shall dissolve, And like this unsubstantial pageant faded Leave not a rack behind. The circus people were too clever to wait to be hissed off the stage by an indignant and deluded audience; the political performers I seem to prefer the crowning humiliation. | Twenty months of the galvanised imitation 1 of life is more than even the proverbial patience of a Victorian public ought to be called upon to stand. The monotony of the performance has become intolerable. The wretched sham of pretending to do some thing, and the mendicant appeal to the eye rolling and nose-poking of the animal in con firmation of the assertion that life was not yet quite extinct, and that if nothing was being done something at least might be ex pected to be done some of these days, has been played out any time this last eighteen months. Unlike the galvanised ghost of the giraffe they bad not had the sense to make their escape whilst yet escape was possible, but stand now to await the verdict of the country with the most prodigious sham with which property and intelligence have ever been insulted. The public of the colony arc said to have paid such an amount of money to enjoy the giraffe luxury that a net profit of £1700 was proclaimed the outcome of the transaction—prolit that is to say to the pro prietors. Can any professional calculator or official accountant give the taxpayers how much the political giraffe has cost to keep in motion? Internal machinery in both cases may be difficult to get at—in one at least im possible ; but if the profits in cash can be estimated in one case, what insuperable diffi culty can there'be in arriving at the cost in cash of the other exhibition ? It is well known for instance what the show is costing to keep up in the provinces ; but who can tell what it costs in town? £10-000-cuw £120,000 more is what it has cost in Warr nambool, with the modest proposal to set aside another £125,000 to be divided'between that important centre of population and the last new name they have got for nowhere viz.. Ilawkesdale—in order to keep the show open in that quarter ; Hamilton follows with £10,000 plus £400,000 for t similar purpose ; Sandridge having missed its share somehow follows suit with £15,OCO; Echuca with £14,000; whilst a .lot of important places follow in tire wake and bring up tbe rear with sums, or wbatin effect amounts to sums, of various amounts, but which though large in themselves are altogether too insignificant to be mentioned even in five and six figure company. In this,way, it would perhaps be an easy matter to run up n quarter of a mil lion or s ; but a beguiled and agonised public nervously'want to know the worst—want to know if this is all. Tracing the history of a sham is a disagreeable proceeding—though' sometimes a duty—at any tinm ; tracing it in the light furnished by the facie and the circumstances attending our polls' :a! show is humiliating in addition to being disagreeable. At length there is a chance for the audience to have an authoritative say in the business. The footlights are about to be extiuguished and the curtain to be dropped. The discordant monotone of the orchestra is to cease, and in a short time the curtain will again rise on a new piece, with new performers and fresh stage accessories. It remains with the electoral body of this colony to say what that new performance is to consist of. It rests with them to say whether or not the political wire pullers, now so energetically operating be hind the scenes, will be required to take a spell after their arduous labors in the past, or whether they will be allowed to continue the same farce, and in reality the same set of performances by the adoption of a common stage trick—by that of giving a high-sound ing stage alias to the actors. No circum stance could more forcibly illustrate the pa tience, the forbearance, and the long suffering under injury of the Victorian public than the fact that the clumsy operators about to be hissed off the stage arc allowed to parade thair damaged wares in the open market, and solicit buyers with all the assurance of men who had never forfeited their right to a stand ing in the market place. Iu one respect, however, there is ju6t room for one gleam of consolation, and that lies in the fact that any change, whether of performance or per formers, must be to the advantage of the audience. 