SCENES IN CRETE. (From BlacktcoocTs Magazine.) On the day following our arrival we shoulder our guns, and strike off for the Akrotiri peninsula. To say truth, sport does not so much enter into our minds as a desire to coast along this famous bay of Suda, and examine a harbour in importance ' and in safety second to none in the Mediteranean Sea. And it was well so, for neither fur nor feather did we see throughout the long day. We did not expect big game ; for had not Pococke already written, 'As to wild beasts, I could not be informed that they have any other except the goat and the hare ? ' But this barren, thirsty highland did not even show these ferocious animals,* nor did a single bird rise within our sight. Yet were we well repaid. At first our way lay along the cliffs overhanging the bay. Then we turned, passing at rare intervals half -deserted ?villages, and still, walled convents, to emerge again near the extremity or the peninsula. Here and there a peasant tilling the soil looked up and bade us good day. But desolation and silence ruled supreme ; for the dry soil scarce repays culture, and the cistern water is too scarce to be used for gardens. In many places we found limekilns, where the limestone rock' is broken up and burnt, and 'creta' or lime is made. Evi dently this peninsula was once an island, and geological proofs show how it was raised by successive up heavings. But our object is not to geologize, but to visit the ruins of the ancient city of Minoa, and thence to observe the bay. We reach the village of Stemes: through narrow bridle- paths between thick stone ?walls ; and on the hillside towards the bay we find some relics of the ancient walls, stretching from a circular tower downwards towards a most I remarkable deep circular basin, which once was the port of the city. Of profound depth, this basin seems to have been the crater of a volcano, and is now completely closed in by a semi-circular reef of rocks. High up on the hillside we throw ourselves down to rest A fresh air was blowing on the hilltop, but calm and'unrumed at our feet lies the Bay of Suda. From its entrance to the end, where it washes a «dt-mareh, it is four and a half miles in length, while from shore to ifhore its width is about a mile and a quarter. Im mediately below us, five hundred yards from the Akrotiri shore is the Island of Suda, and the clear water shows a reef runmng out to it, to anv but craft of light draught. Two and a half centuries ago Rvcaut wrote that this passage was fordable, but no'w the chart shows in places four fathoms of water. From our high position we look down into the island, and see the old masonry fortifi cations which the shells of modern artillery would convert into splinters more destructive than the shells themselves, and the guns behind the thin parapet look like tov glittering in the sun. htrangely picturesque 'it is, this island, which the Vene tians retained for long years after the main land had passed into Turkish hands. tmtil the other dav a fishing village stood within the ram parts, but some four years since the lurks razed it to the ground, as interfering with some projected forti fications, and transported to the mainland the in habitants, whose forefathers had lived for centuries, ave, and for thousands of years, upon this little rock. B'ut in true Turkish style, the works have never been begun. . . . Wherever we went in the country— whether on the hilltops among the villagers, or on the plains among the olive groves, however beautiful the land through which we rode— a sense of silence and of desolation oppressed us. Everywhere are the ruins of farms; the villages are thinly peopled ; one hears no murmur of voices, no laughter or shouts of children. The few peasants who are seen wander about listlessly like ghosts among deserted halls. Insensibly the silent Elysian fields present themselves before our mind. For the waves of strife and battle that have passed over this beauteous isle have swept away the flower of all its manhood, and the remnant that is left is watched and held in check by armed men. For nearly seven centuries Crete has been ruled by force, always striving to exchange its existing government for another. 