TALES AND SKETCHES. | THE LOVE OF A HCXDBED TEABS. (£ba--2a-2a2.) GHAPtER IV. ' Hb. Bttkokt,' said Cynthia, **Ibeefn to eee Sut you an KB ideal kinsman. You feel precisely as I So ab-wu. tins feud- I don't know how it begin; there were political differences, and Utter speeches ;-Cooain John to nil off then ;— and afterward there came lawsuits and estrangement I don't how which sine was in the right ; but I never could believe that it was best foresail to harden our beartaagamst one another, and I have tried to ahoir John and his wife how I Hf 'It n noble -vf you !' exclaimed poor WiU. 'Xbat is like the Cynthia I had imagined.' Miss Eldertin stopped short at tills, and, for the first time daring thtir talk, loot her aetf ' How eo«W you imagine?' she asked. 'Did you know about me?' ?« Ho,' said WOT, abashed. ' Excuse me. It wa» Mother. Ton know there ma » Cynthia Hderkm who livid here long ago,— en ancestress 'Yes,' said she ; 'Ibai-e «een her grave in tilt cemetery, and I assure you, it was Dot s cheerins thing.' At this he liugbed, and she laocfaed too, wnDe the blush that his impetaoas praise. had brought began to fede from her cheek. ' Bat does yon Cither know of jour Tint?' he resumed. ' No, he doesn't ; that is why I told yon. Heather be nor. iwwmni knows.™ A pare, censoring loot overspread Burden's bee. ?? Is it possible ?r he muttered. Crnthia,*too, grew serious, 'I appreciate the disappointment thiE most be to^on,' ebe said, thoughtfully. 'We needn't cpeakof that again, because yon may be mre of my iympaihy,— *a fa as it is tight for me. But do not be hasty m judging my fatter. Tonight job may come and eee mend make tout mquinefi. 'To-mght?' « Yes. I want yon now to go down to the Xautie Falb ; they will interest TOO.' The pair had come to a. fork in the road, and, as she spoke, ebe pointed down the right-hand ' They are not tar aw-j.' 'But'tbis road leads away bom yours.' 'Ho; they come together beyond.' ' dan I find toy war to yoor house ?' 'Yes, easily. Every one knows Judge Hderkra V The young man guessed her motive. She took the other road, but they kept each other insight. He noticed now that she wore a chain Of quaint gold beads around her neck, which glowed m die son and wrought a kind of en chantment upon him. de earrings, too, which Be had first Been sparkling below her ve3 only two hours ago, shone like a well-remembered tiling. Then the passed behind a house, and he feied on alone, feeling a lonely misery sud denly creeping over him. He was not -certain of anything. He could hardly bdieve that all that had just happened was real ; he did not know whether or not to consider himself quite sane; and h. mndond if Cruthia were a, beautiful apparition eendiaghim astray. Present!;, be noticed s cemetery Dy the roaasde, lull of ancient head-stones Haniling askew amid dumps of evergreens, and showy modern monuments gleammg and bristling beyond. 'She said eba had seen her grave— CyntfcU's grove,1* he murmured. Ts it there, £. won- der?' Going on, he found his way at length to the ftfts. But there he fell to muring, and his murngs grew bitter. He began to regret that he bad come ; he felt homeless and weary. Thus, meditating and meandering, be found himself, before he knew where he had got to, in the midst of the town at the landing again. So, in a fit of melancholy, he entered tie hotel, and gave op Bering Cynthia Out Bight. TJext morning, however, asking his way to the house of Judge Ambrose Elderim, he followed the lead of the inhering elms once The Judge's house, like John's, was also old -, but it was splendid, large, square and lofty, it bad Queen &nne; piasters at the door-way, and a caaserratory is tfae wing; it* sides wen made precious with cnsowd-coUHlred paint, sod *Hff trimmings thereof were unflinchingly whxte. An immense elm- tree stood by the gate, and a gravel walk led up to the portal, where knocker and bell-knob gleamed together. A graceful figure emerged iron tbe ffonw i taWty, carrying ? diminutive watering-pot, and robed in light white lawn, with a blue sash,— and again die gold beads! 'Why didnt you come last ni$il?' she asked, good-bnmonredly. ' I had half a mmd never to come,' said ?wai. 'Wbst! An you moody? WeO, ferret it, now, and reawmber only- that m do not know each other yet' They went in together. Cynthia disappeared 'T-fr''^ and left him in a grand anriqnatrd drawing-room touched at evrey point with European taste, though a tall dock of the old colonial fashion ticked with a homely energy, as if its heart was fall of local monoriee. Some patches of bright, streaming etmlight by on the cool, polished wood of the hall floor ; everything was specious, eraeioua, graven, and reposeful, and Burden enjoyed it aa if by birthright Tbe secret that he was to keep with Cynthia gave him a pleasant sense ol miJmacj, ttat deepened into excitement. It waa with a defight mysterious to himself that he beard his kins woman's voice in tbe ilium |aa.vaey of tiie house, apeaking aa if to aome one behind tbe door. ^— 'Mamma, there a » Tonne gentieman here. ?laaaaaBaBaBaBaBaBaBaBaBaBaaavaaaaai a connection of oura, to make ioouotb about thss finnnr— Hi. Burden!' He bad almost txEemd sbe would not remember his name. Was ahe purpo«clj ?peaknat aloud? His vejl-mberilzd yoong head was foil of whirling o^eries and agweakk eonfinions of this «ort, when lira. Eldertan descended and entered, with Cynthia. The Judge's wOe, like bis bouse, was cod, smooth, and stately; but eba knew litSle con cerning will's progenitors. ?* Tbexe «»ere Burdens here, long ago. Oh, yes !' was tfae snbstaneeof bertnowtedee. ISiey had a good deal of talk, bowerar, which ended in an inrita taon for him to come next day, to dine, and mmttheJodee. . 'Ill come, you n»j be tnosy exdannad Wfll,fr»nHv. He left his boid long before the boor, and idly strayed ts the old barring- ground, instead of to the Judge's. There be roamed about for ? time among the uneasy, twisted head-atones hardly knowing what be was in search of, antil, with a snoefc, he came upon it This was it : an old, thin wedge of elate, scrawled wUa a clumsy, chiselled cherub's bead, andtbeinscrip t^afiUa JSZtfertis. DiriUSL Hie grave by in a email space, inclosed br short eteigiecn trees. Something prompted him to approach this border vnd poet through an ooenmg in it. As he bad guessed, he could see from here the costard-coiourad mansi'm of the Judge rising proudly, Car away behind its mighty tree. I can't tell bow it was, but the aignt flashed a sodden conclnsion into his mind, which be had not foreseea, though now it came as eaaBy as bmath. Time and ejremnstance seemed to open out before him. Why should he repine? At home, when tbe spirit of the lost Cynthia bad fiat come to him, it had seemed an irreparable grist that this one perfect being ebouhl have perished from tbe earth before be bad come to it And new, behold she had returned to lite, do&od; with a new born loveliness! How eould be beaitsto? Did not tune and fate conspire to bring bim tbwgift? Ksy ; die Terr past hid come back to aasore him his happiness ! Full of these bewildering Mass, is it not strange that the meeting with Cynthia sbootd veU-mgb. have thrown him off his balance. Tbe Judge proved to be ? nan of massive and forcible presence, with a face like corrugated iron. Bat he was very gcaeume. He took a н to the young family pilgrim, and showed it by strongly urging him to resume his study of the law. He also brought up tbe old ebxy about Antony'* love, with which be aeemed funOiar ; and, to Burden's msngM jay and terror, be revealed that it was the former Cynthia— Miss KUerkm'aaneestrear- for whom Antony bad chernhed his passion. Has coin cidence intoxicated the youth. He Urahed and come near, losmg bis aelf^oaimand. He did not see jww they could talk of it so calmly, when any ate mast have seen what he felt toward the living and present Cynthia. Int« in tbe evening Burden retained to tie landuc;. He was restless, exataS, happy, minrnfu!. Fasting hu hotel, he (trailed across the bridge over the 8hetoeket, and ascended a steep hill el the other end of it Out of the dense streets rose a desultory, indeterminate bam ; the air was misty ana warm, and the moon was up. lights bnmed and blinked, and moved and went out among the houses, and the big Oluininatea ?dock in tfae Citv Sal tower shone mellow and unmoved over die irnole. On the hill behind file town an antique belfry was darkly drawn against the throbbing !k J, and a delieaie arch at irradiated cloud purred toward it through the heavens. A multitude of thoughts bnmed in Burden'* mind; memories, dream?, and hopes all ?wanned upon him with a maddening intenatj. He thought of Columbine, and of Martha and his mother there without him. It seemed as if, just at that momrat, there were but four persons in the world— these two, and Cyntius, stood beside him, ahe seemed so wholly his, so nearly attainable. And taen again ebe faded in toe moonlight, and beame as remote {rom bis grasp as tbe ghost of her dead ancestress herself- Thus his psanon for her glowed and eathered around him and then receded, and at length came on again, till at last be succumbed. He remembered that he had scarcely known ber three d«ye yet, bat a roice in bis heart cried out conradnek, ' Have too not awaited her in your dreams andlonginge fin* yean ?' He left tbe hill, went back to bis room, and wrote. They had nrged him at dinner to stay longer in Norwich, end he had promised to meet Cynthia die next day to drive about the town. But now he gave himself on to the writing of an impassioned letter, in which be explained to her the whole inner history of his life— his longing for sympathy, his love for die past, and the recent vision of hie lost Cynthia. And then, beseeching her to GagiM die suddenness and strangeness of his conduct, he oSered her his whole heart and all bisbirt hopes of future fame. It was not much to ofler (he wrote), but it w»s all be haa, and he did uit come as one with a gift, but aa one who begs nnlimitxd bumty which noduns —*** rapay. ' A hundred yean ago,' he concluded, 'Antony Burden went away with your name in hi heart. I ban brought it back, in miner Ihtsmad epistle he dispatched by a messen ger die next morning, ao that ahe migfat have time to read it at least before he should present himself. After that, bewa not dearly aware ofanythiss until he found turned! once more gomg up the stately duui*yath and confronting the glittering *w»»*^r and brass bell-pall. Then, indeed, be yielded to a nab of terror at what he bad done. But a was too late to retreat now! He was oshered mhi d» drawm8*4oom; almost at once uynlhia ****'* in andgreetei biro, calmly, cordially and Jet— at he imagined — with a certain gravity. But he ana re Tou have not received a— a latter?' be asked. 'Here it is,' eaid Cynthia, cbeorniD taking it sot from behind her jesfri-daeped belt ''Do you want it back f' Ha Bushed and atammered, and could have rasament; but 'bta Calk ehoot anmetbing ebe.-ehe and, ouiedy. 'Do you knew that nr Jaiber baa become greatly interested in ynaf Burden breathed more fieefy; she bad certainly not yet read the letter. 'How is he interested?' ' I ham been talking to bim about having yon for a student in his office.' to me to an ardent lover; and aa Burden couldn't forget that he was one, it chafed him. 'Sim you read my letter P' he bunt forth. 'Wait,' ahe answered, ' you must listen ; I haven't finished yet- What do too think papa eajs? He smiles, and stys: If you were only an Ehterku! But, he likes you ; that is certain. Sow, I know something which would change his opinion of too in an instant ' She held up tbe unite, white letter, m eatemn warning. 'B I should mad hhn tfas, he would eay that you were either mad, or else » very fooftb adventurer f Burden wn chilled, wasatmck with horror at her words. MOb,** be «xchamed, with a piteous awaken ing; I new thought of that! And, do gam think n? Do ?»«, Cynthia? Tell me, ** Ton mnst control yourself Me. Burden,' die insisted. ' No ; I believe in yon, and I think I can eee your IHe aa yon eee it ; I aee now how everything moat ban impressed jpo. Bat it is all a mistake, tny Iriend, and I think Td better give you back your letter. l-t as diat nobody ever wrote it, and nobody dae ever read ft.' X' But; why ; oh! why a mistake?' cried he. ' Yon are cruel.'' ' Beeanse, JSx. Baraen, I em already en. gaged to be married !' Tbm die scales fell from his eves. She bad the letter in ber hand stai. He toot it guiddy, and ton it pasdonatelj in two; then, dozy with mortification, he felt die cloud of anger drift away and leave him standing as if npoa some gloomy mountain-peak looking down into a stormy abyss. But it was only die altitude of a full manhood which he had lhat moment attained. ' Forgive me,' he eaid, in a deeply different ▼oiee. **Ko ! not forgive — but forget me, nntil I am worthy to be remembered aejain V 'Stop, Mr. Burden; don't go!' said Cynthia, eagerlr. We have yet to ar Bnt he waa gone. CHeRm T. 'W«n,'«nd Mrs. Burden, finding her eon asanprotehshle on the topic of his journey, as they sat together after tea—' Well, there have been gre»t goings on here !' 'ffm?' responded he, inaiflerenfly. 'Well, in tbe first ntae, Ik Appergin has been proposing to ? ' 'To Ueitiia?'' demanded the young man, widi a flash of the eye. Then with a, Tend air : ' How am I concerned ?' ' Why yon, yon know haw ehe mistook him for Too, th»t night in the spring? I tell him OJOSt likely she made die same mistake this time, and he'd better try anin.' — UHW_, wnw! . BBM* UC & WU1U JUU wouldn't tali about me in that style. I'm enough of a laughing-stock already.' ' But you're not !' exclaimed the widow, hotly. ' Ton may be sure Martha DonUedaj don't think so either.' 'Bu- words brought cooeoUtioD ; the first he aad felt since leaving Norwich. He wondered, taddentally, how it would do to go and question Martha on this point, himself. » But Great Heavens !' he exclaimed, abruptly. 'I haven't a cent of money, and Ik Appewni. I suppose, Witt own the whole oil-mill by and by !' Then the widow's bos underwent a great change. Some invisible hand seemed to be applied to it, first shaping the cheeks into a taint warmth, then twitching a fine mnaelfi new the lip and another near the eye, brightening die arch of eyebrows, and smoothing a few of tie more pliant wrioklee in her forebeaA When this was done, ahe appeared ready to apeak. Bat she was excited; her eves waa brunt, her lips slightly parted, yet for an instant no words came. 'What on earth is the trouble, mother?' inqiired Burden, seeing her agitation. And then ebe unfolded the whole plan tint sbe had been cherishing, to marry SmyUr, in order to pracone further support for her boy! At first, be met her wxtfa angry epleesi aeainst tfae peddler, then with bfttor appeal; finally, he perceived that it was himself who had driven her to it For a moment, he was very humble; then, ' Mother !' he bunt forth—' mother I'm going back to Hew York, and going to tuocm? He sprang up, fcnockmgonra candbashe did BO, arimprri bis foot on tbe bare floor, and glared at her wi'Ji portentous energy. 'Harra!' he repeated. 'Fmgoing tomake your forbme, and Barrier be hanged -' Tbe next morning he walked orer Co Ctohnn bine Centre and maSed a abort, vigorous letter to the Assemblyman, asking: to be re-instated in his office. Then he went to the editor of the ColMmbim* Gaubu, and eueceedei in making an engagement to write a careful report of the Country Fair, which was to come off in a few dan. On the way borne, just u he was paaiinr theDonbledays'. he thought he would stop in and eee Martha. ^^ ^ 'She'e light aronnd at her garden,' aaid Us. Oanbbday, in front He passed around tfae darner, accordingly, dunking keenly aa ha did ao of hulaat interview with her, of how ahe had twitted bim, of his own nasty ebqaenoe, sad Asa the ?adness that bad mired itsdf op with their parting. He came upon her (udaenly, and ahe met him with atzemour; faeaaw, too, that aba waa pal «and laagiud. ' «h r ahe cried, atartled. « rm too aoddon,' aaid be, abashed, ghmeing back at tbe oorner of the home, aa S to aaggeat thatmsabrartneae waaa fault of its architecture. ?* Ithouaht Td come and aee— mother catdjon weren't wry well, and I thought you'd like to go to the Fair.' *« Father Sa going,' ahs aaid. ' Bat his waggon will be fon ; mother baa room in bets.' 'I don't know that I ear* to go at all,' ahe Still, with die mistaken cheerfulness U had heenn with, and further with an absurd air of m*ribmgiorh*r: »ItwlDdoyongooo,'hevag»d. 'ABtHe chanee and emtement, yon know.' ?? I'm perfectly weB,' ahe returned, ebefplj. 'Havea't I everything to make me happy He had no answer ready, and ahe, bridging the eap of euence. asked him it he bad had* pleasant visit at Sorwirh. 'In some ways!' be ansmeed, aneaany. 'It did me good— a great deal of good. ? ' 'Gave yon change and evatetnent, I aup poee,' interrupted Martha. Will made a gesture of irritation j boteome thiBg arrested bis glance. ** How rosty your trowel is!** be evrlarnvwd. Utde Mrtieal wrinUa came into play between KarthaV eyes, and then vanished; but the colour which hsd ovempread her cheeks f«md more difficulty in setting away. Bo it staved. « Yea,' ahe aaid, » I left it out here the other day when you were here.*1 J -And you laoghed ao bard at me that you dropped yonr trowel. Unread you right r 'Iaocbing? Oh do. indeed! I admire— I thought what yon eaid was splendid.' 'Sat why did you leave your trowel out barer ' Sesame I— I caught cold, and t haven't been we& enough to be out.' **Aod lost dow Ton. eaid yon were peEteetly well!' 'Well, am I not well enough f 'They say,' replied Burden, ''let «wB oan do, just now. I told you nTorwich had do&e; me good ; I mean timt it baa sand me of a terrible, disguised, consuming conceit that waa leading me away from life, and blinding my eyes to what was dearest to me. Oan you forgive my folly and conceit ?' 'Folly! Conceit! I never thought you had eHher,' cried ahe. her sedate common BOnee idbdlxog ugaiiiTt his nolflicc 'Tea,' said Burden, almost with pride, 'toDyand conceit Tn mnnaft oat, though neither yourself nor mother eeems to bavedone Martin suddenly covered her nee with ber bands; then, flinging them aside again, ahe looked at him imploringly. 'Don't talk like that!' ahe end. 'Mo, Martha, I will not hart, yon; it «u ? mistaWhesaid. lau eensitrreneai was dearer to him than any confession of love, for (t told him where be stood in ber heart. 'I am very aorry,' he added, meetly. ?' But won't you go to the Fair P' The tun was low, and its long beams, lying doaetothe ground, so e» to getin under the orchard -trees, were flaring op against the farm house and breathing fire into its windows. Hartha looked at her friend with maehaeita tjon, and seemed to be repnming teaa. Bffll there was. ebange Egbt in her bee thatdid not proceed from the sunset. Burden gaied at ber for a moment; the nest instant they had come ewiftlj together, and be held her dose without speaking. Will and «he widow and Harthawent to the Fair together. The men telling of it eounda rhythmical, lite a ballad, — and all die succeed ing events were in ballad form. Within a few days, he got a tetter from Bib him a salaried place in his omee. At firsts Burden resisted stoutly; bat die Elderajna would take no denial, and » it was settled that the Burdens and Martha should go to Norwich. As for Smyler, of course, he never continued his aait to the widow. Burden eoon repaid Ins loan; and thus it happened that die acute peddler, by die vwy advance of money intended to operate against die young idealist, bad opened i or him the gate of fortune. Cynthia was married at about the aametime with Burden and Harm*, and a quadrilateral union was formed between die two couplet, having for one of its objects tbe restoration of peace between the Judge and JV-bo Elderldn. One fine day this was acoomnlisbed; and Cynthia end Burden often talked over dw happy change together,— she ascribing it wholly to Will. But he, with an air not altogether devoid of solemnity, used to say, to the mystifi cation of his demure and happy wife;' Ho Cynthia, all diu is the mystic fruit of the hundred years' love. '— fcnZaerV VamtUf. 