CHINESE FOLK-LOUR' (loxxkjx times, api:il 3.) ^■^erp i3 a Chinese proverb ■which a33erfc3 that, after all, 44 ilea of the fonr seas are brothers." In order to prove the existence of a mythological brotherhood between the benighted natives of China and our en lightened selves, and so to help 44 to bridire the existing gulf between the two peoples?' Dr. Dennvs has compiled the interesting' work now before us. Much has been written of late years on Chinese songs, stories, and superstitions, but most of it k&3 remained little known, being stowed away in unfa miliar volumes; ordisperscd in stray num bers of newspapers and magazines, seldom, if ever, seen oy Western eyes. Dr. Deunys has, therefore, done good service in bringing together and presenting in a readable form tiie hitherto scattered contributions which hare recently beca offered to students of Chinese folk- lore. Between English and Chinese ideas 011 many subjects a striking similarity' prevails. The proverbial philo sophy of Chiua, for instance, is often in thorough accord with our own. Thus our business habits enable us to appreciate the assertion that 44 Au inch of time is like au inch of gold," and our love of thoroughness to endorse this piece of ad-rice, " If you kill a pig, kiU him thoroughly.7' Sometimes, in deed, Chinese customs thrown light upon our own wise saws. The recommendation to take 44 A hair of the dog that bit you " is elucidated by the storv of the Missionary whose dog would sometimes bite a Chinese child. '• In snch a case the mother would , a.ter hixa and beg for a lioir from the I dogs tail" byway of remedy. With re spect to several time-honored customs, also, ! we share many ideas p ith the Cliinese. The j wedding ring is considered so important in China that its purchase 44 affixes lepal re- ! sponsibility " upon a wooer. Bride cake is j thought much of there, four cakes scut for ' the purpose by the bridegroom's family being tossed fa the air and caught in a quilt b«dd before the bride's sedan chair. In South China the bride presents her hus band with a pair or shoes 44 by way of signifying that for the future she places Lerseif under his control." They are carefully preserved, for 44 to part with them portends eiriy^separatiou between husband and avife. ^ This may be compared with our own tnrowing oi shoes after a newJy-mar ned couple, which some commentators sap pose to be ** a symbol of renunciation of all Tight ia the bride by her father or "uardiaii and the transference of it to her husband," though Mr 3I*Lennan trunks it mav be a survival *' of the old custom of *4 cap turing" the bride. One or the closest parallels between European and Chiuese superstition is traced by the nse of the -plan* wife amoug ourselves and in China. To this Mr E. B. Tylor lias already called attention, but tne account of it given by Dr. Dtnnys is well worthy of being carefully studied, as is bis description of the pranks"played by Chi nese mediums. Instead of a slate, a table strewn with sand is used as a vehicle for spiritual communications, which are traced by a pencil made from the twig of a peach ^rec* D seems that "the motions of the pencil are quite extraordinary, and appa rently not produced by the medium oil whose open palms the handle of the pencil rests." Irreverent lookers-on are sharply rebuked by the ministering spirit. After each sen tence the sand has to be smoothed, and while tuis is being done the whole company unite in praising the poetical talents of the spirit, which responds bv tracing on the sand the character "It's ridiculous." When wearied it 44 jots down as if in a great htirrv the two characters, 'Excuse me, I nm off7'" whereupon the company sr.v, 44 If there wis any want ot respect or attention, great spirit, we beseech thee forgive us this sin," after [ which the siana comes toan cud. In supersti tions the Chinese arc rcmarkablv rich, aml their fancies often take a peculiar form, A j belief in ghosts, for instance, is common to J both the East and West; but Chinese "hosts 1 are somewhat singular. Thus the disem bodied spints of suicides not only walk and talk, as they frequently do here, but they attempt to induce those whom they have left benind them to follow their example. There was opcc a haunted house at Ilau* Chov arnica a daring speculator bought ckeap. The first night he spent in it be was suddenly aware of a woman who "slowly approached with a red silk handkerchief bmiging to her neck, and having saluted him, fastened a rope to the beam of the ceiling, and put her head in the noose,"after which she called oa him to do likewise. But he laughed her to scorn, whereupon she cried bitterly and went a way. 44 And from this time the house was" no longer haunted." There aresoms ghosts in Cliinaf it seems, which arc cherished and worshipped, although they are not ancestral. Having hanged a cat, the owner of a house will " perform certain ceremonies of fasting and requiems for seven weeks." After that time the house is agreeably haunted hy the cat's ghost, which, "about the fourth watch of t-ie night before cock-crowing" goes out stealing. I and brings hack to its owner rich spoils. Foxes, moreover, have much ghostly power, represented as'' living on the debatable land which is neither the earth of hie, nor the Hades of death," the fox " en ables ghosts of the dead to return to life, or himself perforins their terrible behest," avenging the murdered by scaring the mur derer. Thus, "au accomplished scholar" ■Witnessed the following scene, which he re lated to Dr. Dennys. A friend of his was supposed to have murdered his wife. At all events, his house was haunted, liis late wife's room worse than the rest, so that it had to lie shut up. But ouc night the narrator per suaded his friend to go with him into that part of the house. Before the two men had long been seated there, " in walked the mur dered woman clothed as of old," went up to a corner, took from it a bowl full of water, and carried it to him who had been her hus band. He fell hack screaming, and the ghost left the room. The friend ran to the door, but nothing was to be seen, nor had anything unusual been observed except it fox. The house has been shut up, and the owner has gone elsewhere. Bat it is believed that 4 the ghost of the murderer's wife wiT torment him by means of a fox daily until i bnngs him to the grave." Of a more plea sant nature are the spirits which haunt me: of letters. The Emperor Yuen Tsun" out day saw "little Taost priests like flies' walking about m his ink, and they criet aloud, " Live for ever; your servants ari the spintual essence of ink, the ambassadors ot the black pine. V« hoever in the woilc has literary cultivation must have 12 of u dragon guests in his ink." Oue of the mosi pleasing traits of the Chinese character k . devotion. Of it traditions record man\ instances. Thus when a certain Handarir was to be beheaded in case the bell intended for the Bell Tower of Pekiu did not prove a success, his fair young daughter, Ko-ai, con sulted an astrologer on the subject, and learnt that it would be a failure " if the blood of a maiden were not mixed with the ingredients." When the casting occurred, she cried aloud, " For my father f' andilmi" herselt into the liquid metaL A bystander tried to save her, but only rescued one of her shoes. The bell turned out a great suc cess. Only, its deep boom, when it is struck, is followed to this day by a low wailing sound like the cry of a woman painfully uttermg the word hei-Ji, or shoe. And when people hear it they sav, " There's poor Ko-ai calling for her shoe." Xor 1ms the love of parents decreased even ia these degenerate days. The Shanghai Courier of -November, 1S7-3, tells how a model son, finding that his mother was very ill and the local doctor would not help her because she was poor, "cut a great jnece ot flesh out of his left arm, boiled it down to a broth, and gave it to his mother to drink. It is said that she recovered." In hfhyj I®'"*, ^-so' fhe Pel-ill Gazette records how the Deputy Governor of Honan pe titioned in reference to a dutiful dau-rhtc" -who cut a piece of flesh from her arm, "au gave it to her father to eat, whereupon h recovered from a dangerous illness. A Chinese women, however, are not equall amiable. There exists, it seems, a sistei hood of young unmarried women who ar sworn never to many. If forced by tbei parents to do so, they kill their bus bands by means of a drug, orfe of tb ingredients of which is an infant's blood "What is most important in Chinese folk-lore i the light it throws upon that of other lands In the stories which are current in' Cliiu; and Japaa we sometimes meet with " vari ants" of tales familiar to ourselves, and i those Chinese or Japanese " variants" som scholars recognise slightly altered version of Indian tales which have also driftei Westwards, and have undergone grea changes in their long wanderings fromBudd hisfcc Asia into all parts of Christian Europe On our legends abont St. George and tin Dragon, for instance, Chinese and Japanesi traditions throw much light. Kowhere doe he atmospheric nature of the Dragon come out more clearly than in China and Japan. Waterspouts are usually spoken of in native annals as dragons. Thus we read that:— " A.l). 1605. A couple of dragons fought at Whampoa and tore up a large tree, and ddlnolished several tens of houses. "a-i>. 160S, 4th moon. A gyrating dragon was seen over the deeoiated summit of a pa goda ; all around were clouds and fog, the tail only of the dragon was visible ; in the space of eating a meal it went away, leaving the marks of its claws on the jiagoda." One of the Japanese illustrations of a St. George and the Dragon, or Perseus and Andromeda myth, is given by Mr J. I<\ Campbell in hia " Circular Notes," and in it the dragon evidently personifies the storm, it3 many heads cloudlike in form, its fiery tongues darting this way and that like flashes of lightning. A " variant " of the story, quoted from a Chinese work compiled to wards the end of the lGth century, tells how a mighty serpent was in the habit of devour ing young girls. After nine victims had thus been eaten a maiden named Ki offered heiselr as the next victim. Cautiously ap proaching the serpent's cavern, she placed a dish of rice and honey at its mouth, and watched it, having provided herself with " a good sword and a dog that would bite at snakes." When the serpent came forth and began to devour the luscious food the dog hung on to it, aud Ki slashed away at it till it died, after which she entered the cavern "and recovered the skeletons of the nine previous victims, whose untimely fate she bewailed." Among other fami liar stories of which Chinese versions are quoted by Dr. Dennys may be mentioned that of Rip van Winkle. A woodcutter unconsciously passed several centuries in watching two chess-players iii a cave. When he left them he found no vestige of his kinsfolk remaining, so, " retiring to a re treat among the hills, he devoted himself to the rites of Taoism, and finally attained to immortality." The " Open Sesame" story is illustrated by that of a herdsman named Chang, who found a magic cave which opened at the words " Stone door open ; Mr Kwei Ku is coming." One day his grand mother visited it with him and was shut in, for she did not know the formula. Kvcn tually Chang learnt from the cave' demon that "his grandmother's disappearance was a matter of fate." The myth which has re tained its original character in China has passed in Persia or among the Arabs into the mere robber story of the "Ara biau Nights." A curious "Claimant" or Amphitryon story, resembling one which is very popular in Central Asia, rnns as follows: —A " white dog versed in magic" took the form of the husband of a beautiful woman, aud paid bcr a visit But he happened to arrive at the same moment with the true husband. Unable to decide between the two claimants, she called in a magistrate. Suspecting the fraud, he put the rivals into a cage containing a tiger which killed dogs but spared men. Whereupon the tiger ate up the false husband, and the real one re covered his wife. Among stories of a less supernatural kind may be mentioned that of the boatman who lost his heart to a fair maiden, under whose windows he passed every day. She died, after loving him so cordially that when her body was dissected "her heart was found to be of iron, upon which was painted or engraved, a picture of the boat, the window, and the two lovers. This being shown to the bereaved bnatman he instantly expired"—aboutu.c. 350\. The origin of the Chinese puppet shows also forms the subject of a singular story. A lady named Oil was besieging a town about i;.c. 2G0. Its defenders, know ing lier to be of a jealous disposition, " in vented a puppet in the shape of a wooden woman, which was made by strings aud springs to dance on the battlements." Alarmed at the idea of so fascinating a creature falling into her husband's hands and becoming an addition to liis seraglio, Oh raised the siege. Since that time pup pets of a similar kind, hut smaller, have amused the Chinese mind. We may con clude with a story which conveys a moral warning to ovcr-cconoinical statesmen. A certain King gave orders that his war horses should he employed in mills during times of peace. Much saving was thereby effected. " But no sooner were the troops called out for war than the cavalry found that their horses would only go in a circular direction, and they accordingly fell an easy prey to their antagonists." 