THE EDITOR. The editor who wills to please Must humbly crawl upon his knees, Anid kiss the hands that beat him; Or, if he dare attempts to walk, Mlust too the mark that others chalk, A cringe to all that meet him.. Says one, your subjects are too grave Too much morality you have- Too much about religion; Give me some witch or wizard tales, With slip shod ghosts, with llns and. scales Or feathers like a pigeon. I love to read, another cries, Those monstrous fashionable lies-,. In other words, those novels, - Composed of kings and queeons and lords, Of border wars and Gothio hordes, That used to livein hovels. No-no, cries one, we've had enough Of suech confounded love- sick stuff To craze the fair creation; Give us some recent foreign news, Of Russians, Turks-the Greeoks and Jews, Or any other nation. The man of drilled scholastio lore Would like to see a little more In scraps of Greek or Latin The merchants rather have the price Of Southern indigo and rice, Of India silk or natin. Another cries, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle ; Some long for missionary news, And some-of worldly, carnal views Would rather hear a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill, .. Must dip in gall his gander quill, And scrawl against the paper; Of all the literary fools, Bred in our colleges and schools, Ho cuts the silliest caper. Another cries, I want to ses A jumbled up variety Variety in all things; A miscellaneous hodgo.podgo print Composed-I only give the hint Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news,;says Miss, It constitutes'my highest bliss, To hear of weddings plenty; For in a time of general rain, None suffer from a drought, 'tis plain, At least not one in twenty. : I want to hear of deaths,'says one, Of people totally undone, By losses, fire, or fever; Another answers, fnll as wise, I'd rather hare the fall and rise Of possum skins and beaver. . Some signify a secret wish For now and then a savoury dish Of politics to suit them; But hero we rest at perfect easeo, . For should they swear the moon was cheeose, We never should dispute them.. " Or grave or humorous, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same, To haughty or too humble; And every editorial wight Inas nought to do but what is right, And let the grumbler grumble. -Public Opinion. Of all the various methods proposed for the reduction of postage, nono is so practical as this--Get married. Said a Sunday-school teacher the other day, "Who was Luther 1" Re plied a Jersey boy, "IHe made matches." Artomus Ward said of the Mormon ites, "Their religion is singular, but their wives are plunal." Printed and published at the Gipjislansn Times Office, Raymnnd-street, Sale, by CJIcARLES AnIAsIIAsAI SAINT.' 