PRESENTATION TO ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN. A shout time since the Roman Catholic young men of | Sydney initiated a movement for the presentation to Dr. 1 Vaughan, Coadjutor- Archbishop, of some testimonial § indicative of the high respect in which he was held through- I out the archdiocese, and it was accordingly decided to I present him with a crozier — that being the moile in which it § was believed the testimonial would he most acceptable to 1 him. A committee was accordingly formed, consisting of I Mr. P. J. M'Cartliy, M.A., chain nan ; Mr. F. B. Frcehill, i I-[. A., treasurer; 'Mr. W. Fitzgerald, secretary; and I Messrs. C. A. Fan- el], LL.B., J. Donohoe, F. B. Kenny, 1 M. Canty, B. M'Bride, T. J. Ryan, John M'Lauglilin, A. 1 J. Brady, and M. F. Cullen, and the requisite 1 funds were speedily obtained. Mr. E. J Hollingdale, 1 UA OUlUUied from among other applicants as the maker of the crozier, and his design for and execution of . the work have been generally admired. The head of the crozier is of gold, and the staff of myall wood, gold mounted — the value being about £200. The evening of the 22nd ultimo was fixed forthe presen- tation at St. Mary's pro Cathedral, which was densely crowded on the occasion. Amongst those present were the Very Rev. Dean O'Brien and the Revs. A. Dwycr (Goul bum), Young, Gougli, Gillett, P. Carroll, Roclic, and Slattcry ; Mr. P. A. Jennings, K.S.G., and several other influential laymen. The church arrange ments were managed by Fathers Mahoney and Patre. Mr. Delany presided at the organ, and the altar was decorated by Mr. Ryan, the sacristan. The usual evening prayers were said by Father Mahony and after Benediction, at which the Archbishop assisted, supported by Fathers Mahony and Flem ing, Mr. P. J. M'Cartliy, ad vanced and read the following address. ' To his Grace the Most Reverend Roger Rede Vaughan, O.S.B., Archbishop of Xaziunzus, and Coadjutor-Archbishop of the diocese of Sydney. 'May it please your Grace,— Wc, the Catholic young men of Sydney, approach your Grace with feelings of the utmost respect, and desire to tender you the most earnest expressions' of our filial love and devotedness. When your Grace lauded on these shores as Coadjutor to our venerable and beloved Archbishop, we, in com mon witli our fellow-Catholics throughout the colony, hailed your arrival as that 'of a dis tinguished champion of Catho licity, and regarded it as the begin ning of a glorious epoch in the - history of the Catholic Church in Australia — and now after three j years of your Archiepiscopal labours amongst us we findthat | our brightest hopes have been more than realized. It is needless j to enumerate the great and niani- j fold services your Grace has j ?uieauy renacrca in cuiuuut-i.j a and Christianity generally, but 1 when we consider your Grace's successful efforts for the j advancement of our lioly religion — the impetus you have given I to the moral training and high class education of the youth j of this colony, and the timely warning you have held out to those j who might be influenced to wander 'into the sterile regions of j free thought and infidelity, we deem it our duty at the close of j the third year of your apostolic mission to show you our apprcci- j ation of your exertions, and to request your acceptance of the j accompanying Crozier, a symbol of your high office. May you j five long to use it in the solemn services of our holy Church, and j may many years he granted you to guide, sustain, and exalt the j aims and aspirations of the Catholics of this colony, as well by the I beauty of your maxims, as by the grandeur of your eloquence, I and splendour of your example. Humbly soliciting your Grace s I blessing, wc beg to subscribe ourselves your Grace's most dutiful 1 children in Christ.' | This address was very handsomely embossed, and illuiui- 1 nated with a border, enclosing; the cross, and the emblems of I faith, hope, and charity, and Dr. Vaughnn's initials. The j work was executed by Mr. L. Steffanoni, of 'Wynyard- j square. Whilst the address was being read, the Crozier j was presented to the Archbishop, by Mr. Frechill. j Dr. Vaugiian, in reply, spoke as follows : — How can I j do otherwise than thank you with all my heart, you, tho 1 Catholic young men of this Archdiocese, for this public, this 1 emphatic testimony- which you arc now giving me of your 1 affection and your trust ? I need not tell you how much 1 value, and how I shall cherish all my life long, the precious 1 pastoral staff which you have placed in my hands ; nor now 1 touched I am by the generosity of your expressions, as they I stand recorded in the short but pregnant address which is j its accompaniment and its explanation. Still, I w ®ot 1 conceal from you that when it came to my ears that such a I presentation was in contemplation, it was my earnest desire, j if I could do so without giving pain to any one, to stop it u I I could, for you have so ninny calls upon you, and you aro I so generous, that I could not think of giving my sanction I to anything personal to myself which would seem like taking I advantage of that openliandcdncss which is especial, 1 I think, to our Catholic people. But it was too late. 4 110 j thing had gone too far, the subscriptions having been pvon j in a very short time ; and I felt I could not interfere witliou I seeming to perform an act of at least indirect discourtesy . j Without more words then, I thank you again for this pas toral staff and the accompanying address. I accept it mmi your hands as a token— a token publicly offered by you, the Catholic young men of this archdiocese, to me, that you not only knoiv what a Catholic archbishop is, but that you are ] not ashamed of recognising his authority and of apPJ''' ciating his mission. You have placed in my hands the symbol of episcopal dignity and authority, of solicitude ana correction. Christ was the first ' Good Shepherd, ana j the crozier is the ensign of pastoral authority. Koxina di , Papi traces its use to the earliest ages. St. Augustine, tfie great Bishop of Hippo, who was consecrated in 39o, was invested with a pastoral staff made of solid ebony ; and after his death it was taken together with his remains to Su'dinia. and afterwards to Valentia, where, I believe, it is exhibited to this day. Then, in the fifth cen tury, we find St. Remigius of Rheims wielding a pastoral staff made up of plates of gold and brilliant with rare gems. Whilst old pictures of St Gregory the Great represent him continually with a white dove whispering in his ear, and in his right hand a crozier 6aid to have been cut from the cypress tree. By the seventh century, as is evident from the great Spanish Councils, and from the writings of St. Isidore, pastoral staffs of bone or wood, or precious metal, more or less elaborate and rich, were in the hands of every bishop throughout the Church. So vou see this pastoral staff or crozier is at least nearly as old as the New Testament, if not older, and it typified at the first that authority and power of which it is the significant emblem to this day. This authority and power are summed up in the fol lowing characteristic line of mediaeval Latinity : — ' Attrahe per curvum, medio regc, punge per imuni.' Draw towards you with the crook, support with the middle, strike with the point. Evidently these words are meant to express autho rity and jurisdiction — an authority and jurisdiction exer cised throughout the Christian world for 1800 years, and exercised still, and in these distant countries, and that over willing hearts, as your presence here this evening is more than enough to prove. Now, if you will allow me, I will enlarge a little upon the work of Catholic bishops, and touch upon the claims which they make over those who come under their jurisdiction and authority. Christ was the first bishop and pastor of men's souls. Then came the Twelve, the Apostles, who were emphatically com manded to preach to the world, whilst the world was as emphatically commanded to listen, to obey, and to believe. And this command was not tyrannical. There is no more tyranny in insisting on the truth than there is slavery in being forced to admit the truth — for it is the truth that sets a man free. The Apostles, who formed the Ecelesia lloceiis, or the teaching Church, were divinely protected from error. This fundamental principle once established, and the Aposto late being multiplied tlnough the ' imposition of hands,' the same authority continued which was from the beginning. The bishops of to-day, who form the Ecelesia Bocvns now, could no more, in their corporate capacity, tcacli error than the Spirit of Truth could depart from them, or the promises of God fail, or than a new fundamental principle could be in troduced into the Church without man s knowing it. From the first the main duty of Apostles and Bishops has been to ' keep the Deposil,' and to preach it in season and out of season ; and with authority to uphold the faith, by con demning error, proclaiming truth, nnalkamctizing vice, and fostering virtue. The Pope with his thousand Bishops sitting in council is hut the day of Pentecost after the ex pansion of 1800 years, perpetuated to this hour for the sake of those who desire to possess that certainty and stability of truth, without which religion is little bciter than a bitter, than an empty mockery. ' Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock,' says St. Paul, ' wherein the Holy Ghost has appointed you bishops to rule the Church of God which He hath redeemed by His own blood.' Again, ' Obey your prelates, and be subject to them ; for they watch as having to give an account, to God for your souls.' Here, you may observe, the same principle is insisted on, the same authority is upheld, and on the self-same grounds. Thus, from the first, the Bishops of the Church in every age have beep preaching, ''aching, defending, and expounding the Deposit of Faith ; and have illustrated and developed it with their intellects, whilst they have been rejoiced to witness to it with their blood. In various ages of the world they have been called upon to play a different, part ; but their main calling and principal duty lias never varied from the days of the Apostles until now, to keep the Deposit, to preach the whole Gospel, to protect the flock against the wolves, to chase away the hireling— these have been the occupations of their lives, and the main object of their energies. You may not, perhaps, have remarked that, the history of the Christian world is divided by events themselves into periods of four centuries. During the first four centuries to the time of Constantino, bishops preached with their blood, and sowed the seed of truth with their lives. From that blood and that life-spilling sprung up the giants of the Hierarchical Older — I mean such men as St. Atliauasius, St. Basil, St. Gregory, St. Ambrose, and many more, who flourished thickly in tlic fourth century, and whose illuminated writings liavc been the guidance and the solace of thousands who ruled ul'ter them. From Constantino to Charlemagne we have another 400 years. Bishops now no longer preached with their blood; the world had ceased to crucify and molest them; they had conquered it by their courage, their truth, and their superior enlightenment. They were held in honour by the civil power ; they became as salt and light in the courts of semi-barbarous or semi-pagan kings, and were looked up to as living principles of liberty, charity, purity, and peace in the midst of much cruelty, tyranny, and licentiousness. From the eighth century to the twelfth their influence and position in the secular older, and in the conduct of civil affairs, steadily increased, and attained its maximum during the following 400 years. Bishops became legislators, councillors of State, civil rulers, feudal lords, thanes of the Sovereign, administrators of the King's Equity, keepers of his conscience, courtly ambassadors, and, at times, even armed warriors. The world recognised their superior skill and culture, their more winning address, and, above all, that illumination which springs from contact with spiritual things, and with the principles and ruling maxims of Supernatural religion. They were the only exponents of moral power and spiritual influence in a world of violence, rapacity, and lawlessness. They were, as a body, ever on the side of liberty, and the natural champions of freedom. They knew the art of withstanding kings and cowing des pots ; they stood between the tyrant and the oppressed, and did not shrink from risking their lives for the sake of those who were too helpless to defend themselves. Their cathe drals in the earlier times were the only centres of intellectual light ; and they can claim the universities and colleges of a later period — of the Middle Age — if not all of them, as be ing founded by themselves — at least as having acquired much prestige through tlieir enlightened and liberal patronage. Their personal influence in spreading pure religion, and, generally, the tenor of tlieir lives, tlieir power iu preaching the gospel truths, and the way they brought the softening and refining influences of the 'heart to bear upon the fierce barbarians with whom they had to do, cannot bo easily exaggerated ; whilst their solemn Synods and Assemblies, in which they legislated in their collective wisdom, have not only in every age thrown a broad light over the nations of Christian Europe, but can be looked upon as the models on which our deliberative senates are founded, and as the types of order and free discussion ingeniously combined. In the sixteenth century a new and pregnant principle of radical subversion entered into the heart of civil life — a principle which is still working in logical, in relentless progression towards its ultimate analysis. The lay world had learnt to read and write. Bishops had graduaily to retire out of the civil order and to leave the lay world to do its lay work, till in these our days bishops, it seems to me, stand in somewhat the same relation to civil society, to the great secular world of men, as St. Athanasius, St. Basil, St. Chrysostora, and St. Augustine did to that turbulent generation in which then lot was cast. So much the bettor for the bishops if not better for the world. These great prelates of the fourth century and the fifth had to deal with an age, if we may believe the satirists and poets, the savants and philosophers of those days, very like our own. They had subtle specu lation, and refined Paganisms, and pride and impurity and the tyranny of the strong, and the violence of the lawless to meet as best they could. There were rationalists, indif fcrentisls, doubters of tbe supernatural, and blasphemers not a few, then as now. Indeed it is not too bold a thing to tay that there is not a heresy or false philosophy of recent date flaunted before the world in modern draperies which was not pierced to the heart or torn to pieces by one or more of the great Greek or Latin fathers some 1400 years ago. All the great gifts possessed by those mighty men are no less wanted by us now. The theological accuracy of St. Gregory Nazianzen, the intrepidity of St. Basil, the fearless eloquence of St. Chrysostom, and the dialectical skill and philosophical insight of St. Augustine — these qualities bishops would do well to acquire, or at least to cultivate, to-day, if they _ would meet with any measure of success whilst confronting that subtlety of thought, that boldness of speculation, and that philosophi cal scepticism which are typical of those minds which give an irreligious tone to society in the modern world. Now, the Catholic Bishop, at the outstart, possesses an immea surable advantage over all other leaders of philosophical or religious thought. He is not an exponent of self, or of the crudities of a subjective philosophy. No mere individual, isolated intellect, however gifted, will satisfy his demands on truth. He is not like so many of our moderns — who seem to have been brought up in a school of self-sufficiency j — who believe intensely in their own logic, and in the same proportion disbelieve or doubt, or scorn, everything and I everybody else. _ He feels inclined rather to repress his own J personal ingenuity and cleverness, and his own subjective . tastes, and does not care for being thought plausible or smart j for fear of becoming really shallow, lie rather uses his intel- j lect as an instrument, not as a centre of sel f - genera ting ! truth. He leaves self that he may study one really master mind, which has been expanding, maturing, and culti vating its powers for 1800 years ; and he feels some sort of security if he can grasp its significance and reproduce its teaching. He knows that the Deposit of Revelation, with all its germinal principles and initial teachings, which were once for all entrusted to the Apostles, has not remained in a sleep of death. Innumerable doctors of the Cliurch, from St. John of Damascus to St. Thomas of Aquin, and a score of General Councils, with Sovereign Pontiffs and theolo gians of the Schools — from the first till now — from the basis of a Divine revelation now closed, have gradually been un- j folding the majestic figure of Truth in all its simplicity «md j harmony, its depth and symmetry, its force and efficacy, so as to become believed in almost by (he simple act of master ing it. What individual intellect of a solitary short- lived man can cope or compare with the mind of the Catholic Church in theological, nay, even in philosopliical science, rich as it is in the experience of ages, matured by the coun cils of toe wisest of each generation as it has passed away, and possessing a fund of wisdom and of knowledge gathered and carefully stored during the course of 1800 ?varied years ? Her utterances arc not those of one isolated individual, who begins with his tabula rasa , and starts his religion and philosophy from a blank, or at best from a brutal doubt ; but thev arc those of thousands of the best men and the wisest,* speaking in concert in every age, piling wisdom upon wisdom, and never out of harmony with each other ; and her dicta are the outcome, the ripe fruit, of a chequered and eventful career of intellectual battle and activity, in which she has shown herself possessed of all that maturity which is the attribute of age ance of the human race, and he is simply endeavouring to impart it to them. He deems it no disgrace, it is his boast, that it should bo said : Miraturque novas frondes scd non sua poma ; and when to this is added the firm conviction and unshaken belief on the part of the Bishop, that so long as he is in communion with the Supreme Chair his teachings on faith and morals are unerring in their cha racter and in harmony with the mind of Christ himself ; when he feels assured that he has been chosen to ' keep the Deposit,' and to preach and defend it, then, indeed, he can speak to the world with an unfaltering voice, as one possessing power, and as having a message worthy of being delivered ; and he ean call on others to listen and to believe, because he, like those who went before him, has been in vested with a commission and authority to teach, under the solemn promise that he should not lead the world astray. A Bishop of the Catholic Church, then, if he is anything, if he be not a wretched charlatan, is the mouthpiece and tongue of that Divine intellect which has been placed by God in the midst, of men that they may not grope for ever in the mist, or slip down the incline ; that they may have some ground for certainty, some steady fight above then- heads. He, iu 'the light of the tcach with all that vigour- and dash which expresses the vigour of a joyous youth. It is not his own but her mind that the Bishop would reproduce. He may throw truth, and tries to throw it, into his own form, but the truth is not his isolated possession, is not new, for all that ; it is the inherit ing of the one Great 'Witness, warns them of dangers, condemns and puts his foot down upon error, and takes little heed of the clap of many tongues. He has his work to do, his message to deliver, his truth to shape and to proclaim, and Ins mind is so much absorbed with this responsibility that he scarcely notices the din of condemna tion and the passing cyclone of abuse, which, as its shadow ever waits on light, proclaims to liiin the fact, which he knew before, that he has not only launched his shaft, but that the monster lias been pinned in his den by the mes senger of truth. It is evident that the Bishop must possess or strive after three especial qualities, if he would hold his own, and leave his mark, especially in these days of intel lectual pride and refined materialism. He must be learned — that is, possessed of the whole mind of toe Church as expressed in the writings of her greatest doctors, and by her most celebrated bishops, co'mcils, and popes. Then, he must be a man of sterling virtue, sober, chaste, modest, a spring of perennial charity tempered with loftiest coinage, preferring truth and toe clear ring of its golden voice to all the empty applause of life, and to all the passing vulgar popularity of* the hour. In the third place, he should possess wisdom and counsel — that is, the fundamental principles of religions and moral life should be as it were a portion of the very texture of his mind, whilst he should be able to see their bearing and know how to apply them to the exigencies of the day, and to the especial wants of the age in which he lives.* And finally, if I may add another quality, which seems to me to cling round truth with a spontaneous sjunpathy, he should have a large generosity for others, and never feel the slightest bitterness because others are harsh or unfair in his regard; he should never wound if he can help it; and should endeavour to appreciate in his fellow-man, whatever his belief or his condition, those noble qualities with which a generous Providence has endowed him. In saying all this, gentlemen, I am simply telling you what you knew before. You, laymen, are possessed of a keen and correct instinct, which tolls you what a Bishop or a priest should be (but your charity is as large as your Catholic instinct), and I venture to assert your views on this matter and my own win not ue iouna mucn our oi narmony. nowiar re moved I am myself from this ideal, no one can possibly be so conscious as myself; how anxious I am to tend towards it, 1 think I need* hardly tell you. And I look upon your kind, your too flattering, and charitable words, rather as an expression of what I should some day like to become, than as any kind of picture of what I am at present. And I cannot finish these remarks without saying how much, liow deeply, I appreciate tlic forbearance that has been shown me by niv non- Catholic fellow-countrymen since I have been in this colony. All those who are in the habit, of frequenting the civilized walks of society have been much more patient with me than I had any right to hope ; whilst the Press, wliieli lias of course little sympathy with prin ciples wliicli are dearer to 111c, 1 hope*, than life, has treated mo with fairness always, and at times with generosity. The only return I know how to make for all this, is to promise my fellow countrymen, as I now promise you, that 1 will strive, whilst preaching with full voice and uncompromising utterance, those truths which I know to be the medicine of life and immortality for all of us, to do so with that charity and gentleness which will prove to them that I love them better than 1 love their flattery, or even tlieir approval — for love of applause is love of self after all, and anxiety to bo approved of looks more like a subtle love of admiration than a genuine satisfaction with the truth. Catholic young men of Sydney, I thank you once again for the valuable memento of my duty which you have placed iu my hands this evening ; and for the address in which you explain to mo the reasons that have led you to make me this handsome presentation. I earnestly beg of God to give me His grace to perform that duty so long as my brain retains its elasticity, and my tongue is able to articulate — to perform that duty, I say, for the greater glory of God, and for the salvation of those souls for which our Master died. i The AitcujiisHor then pronounced the episcopal bene diction, which terminated the ceremony. THE CROZIER PRESENTED TO THE ROMAN CATHOLIC COADJUTOR-ARCHBISHOP. COAT OF ARMS OF ARCHBISHOP YAUGHAN. 