jftrfcfctt. ROME. How the poor people, who nro native and to the manner born, contrive to keep uncon- gealed in such cold weather as occurs in winter, insufficiently fed and clothed as they are, and with the little scaldino of charcoal, the only means of warmth for the entire family, passes my comprehension. The men go about in huge, bandit- looking cloaks, with great onllars, often of fur, turned up to meet their sombreros ; and the coarse wine of the country is cheap, and with its aid they man age to keep up a glow within, and they gather in knots and groups and crowds wherever there is a patch of sunshiue ; hut the poor, bare-beuded women, with evidently not more thnn three garments on, all told, and the children, whose attire is never in the plural number, how can they live through the chill ing midwinter season? Perhaps vital piety- keeps them warm, for the women and chil dren are very religious, to all outward seeming. Perhaps, as n Florentine friend explains, they are not accustomed to artificial heat and do become accustomed, gradually, to the cold of winter, and thus can stand the cutting tramonlana (as they, call the piercing wind from the euow-topped mountains) far better than vtoforcstieri. But they must hail the return of spring as ardently hui! joyfully as do the fowls and birds and cattle. And meanwhile this severe weather makes the solemn, sad, dignified-looking ltomaus appear more sober than ever. And they have a notably sober and dignified appearance, with their largo, melancholy eyes, and sad, handsome faces, with their marked and regulnr features, across which a smile so sel dom flickers, and which a laugh nevsrbroadens. In both sexes, in all classes, and even throughout nil ages, they are alike of dig nified and melancholy uspect. llow different from the mobile play of the intelligent features of the intellectual Florentines, or the vivacious, exuberant, rattling jollity, almost bufloonory, of ' the Neapolitans i Inhabitants of the samo peninsula, citizens of the same nation, epeakiug (in different dia lects) the same language, they are clearly- sprung from widely different raoes. Can these he (aB they claim) the descendants of the citizens of the world's greatest city, who had their rulers made for thorn by tho legion aries, mercenaries of all Home's province! ; who lived on the supplies of Sioily and Afrioa which their rulers' bounty provided ; who clamoured, not fur better government, but only for "pattern et circcuces," and who found their chief amusement in the luxuriant free bath, and in gloating over the bloody slaugh ter of the Bports of the arena ? Or are they the children of the drogs left behind by tho receding waves of Vandal and Lombard and Oslro-gothio conquest ? They look as if they were constantly mourning over the departed glories of the capital of the world. 1'erhapB they are only thinking of the cold weather and the hard times and tho high taxes, and how fow lire and soldi are in tho pockets to satisfy the cravings of appetite and the res angushe ilomi. Bntthoremnstbesadthougbts, and tboso only, to find expression in such sombre features 1 I saw them lively enough, however, in a street fight, on day before yesterday, at tho foot of tho Capitolino hill, and close by the lioman Forum, where one of the rabble, a powerful fellow, bare-headed, and wilh rolled up red shirt, had stabbed his fellow, who was bleeding on the pavement, and was violently- resisting an attempted arrest by two carabi- nieri, or cocked- hatted ijcnsdarmcs, who always prowl about the streets in coupleB (never singly), armed with sabre and re volver, and decks d with plume, belt and aiguil- lette, like so many seedy British field officers. Some of the ghost- like confraternity of the Miscricordia, in their white, shroud- like cotton robes and white hoods drawn over head and face, with boleB for mouth and eyes, swooped down at once upon the wounded man and carried him straight away, but tho stabber fought desperately, and was inn much for tho policemen, who evidently feared the rabble too greatly to use their weapons, while the ruffian was restrained by no such scruples. A great crowd of tho lowest class rapidly gathered, blocking up the street for many squares on either side, while several other gendarmes eame to tho assistance of their comrades. Tho rabble wore all on Ihc side of the furiously fighting ruffian, and aided him by hustling, crowding, and, in some instances, throwing down the policemen. These, when sorely pressed, on two or three occasions turned on their assailants with levelled carbines, and then tho crowd would break and rnn like bo many sheep, the women snatohing up the children and hust ling them into the neighbouringchurcheB, while they groaned, yelled and screamed, ns if possessed with demons. Then, when they found that the police would not fire, they would close in upon them again, and, each time as they returned to tho charge, they raised with great zeal the ominous shout of " Viva il Papa 1 Viva Pio Nono 1" At last an ambulance galloped down into the crowd, accompanied by a guard of sol diers of the line, who formed a square around the combatants ; and finally the screeching, straggling wreteh, with some of his fellows, vns pitched, lion -'.-fori ni.'st, into the vehicle, >11 fighting like dent. 'its, the soldiers closed around with f i t , < , I bayonets, and tho cortege moved off, with tho crowd hooting end yell ing in the rear. 