THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Experiences of .an Edinburgh Eetechve.—No, XXXII. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] McSWEENY AMONG THE SPIRITS.! Tlie reader -who has so patiently accom panied me thus far -mil have a pretty good guess as to what position I am likely to .take up in regard to the so- called " Spiri tualism." Even at the time when the fol lowing incidents occurred, I had seen far too much of the "behind-the-scenes" of life to feel even a moment's concern or awe for this trumpery piece of quackery. , Now,: I am glad to say, the side I take is to a great extent the popular one; then, it was different. The thing was new—the rage— and every one was " daft" about it; Now, the words "spiritualistic medium," with most people, are hut another name for loafer, hungry trickster, juggler, or maniac; then, the most sacred names were heaped upon them with a cool blasphemy that was per fectly bonifying. One word more. This may meet the eye of a "believer," and he may scan the.whole affair with a smile of pity, and account for the various hitches with that surprising ingenuity which has from the very first characterised his sect. Let him not sup pose—if his belief is sincere and disin terested—than I am laughing at him. We are not all made alike in this world. I would hit the truth closer if I said,-we are all made different; and it is natural that many persons of a gentle, nervous disposi tion, who have had. less knocking about than I, should take up different views and stick to them. Must they, therefore, be called idiots and fools P I think not. We are all sufficiently foolish at times, without making matters worse by hen-ping na-ac-j on each other. • AnotV>-; : •• to .n;-- --ne -i'.Yic ' -o .-fr- :; Yd conjurer jier'i'Vin•- and t'u-:-:, ttur beholding how •; v- i I o:us may be deceived in the open dLii-e of light, do not wonder at anything that can be done in the dark. Sometime after spirit rapping had been brought to this country, and had spread rapidly—as popular manias generally do— the following telegram came in from Liver- i pool:— "David Ferrier, alias the Rev. Brydone Stone, calling himself a spiritualistic medium, has absconded from this city, after stabbing in three places a young man named Cuthbert, -who lies in a critical state. Ferrier is a native of Edinburgh, and is believed to have gone northwards. Keep a sharp look-out for him. Description of Ferrier—Age, about 45; height, 5 feet 10; hair, sandy colored; forehead, heavy, square, and broad; eyes, light blue, with the left squinting inwards. Desperate and reckless when enraged; caution required in his capture." This telegram, set me ar-thinking. I had known a certain Davie Ferrier some years before—a man of slightly unsettled intel lect, having a religious turn, and also un fortunately, when irritated, a turn for knifeing. " The man had given us trouble more than once, and I smiled at the thought of him perhaps turning up in this new guise. The description certainly fitted him o a hair—if it were really he, the Liver pool staff showed both acuteness and experience in supposing that he had made for his native place. Nothing can be relied on with greater certainty m the hunting of criminals. If a man has committed a desperate crime, and has a native place at some distance, a hun dred chances to one he will turn his nose in that direction. If an Edinburgh man committed a murder in Australia and escaped, after a proper interval I should look for him in Edinburgh. Nothing came of it till a. week or two • after, when, over at the New Town I met a friend, who among other things, spoke of spirit-rapping. "What do you think of it?" he asked, soundingly. I gave him the opinion already expressed —perhaps just a trifle more decidedly than I have here put it. b " - " I am going to see and heaf 'it for myself ' to-night," he added. "What, here in Edinburgh ?" lisaid, in surprise. "Is there a medium practising - here?" ... " Yes.—an American gentleman—down, in Duke-street. I heard of him.only the other night. He does not advertise:—it fact, he is a clergyman." "Indeed?"Have you heard his name?—■ was it anything like' Brydone Stone ?'" "No: that's not it. I have it here, written down—' The Rev. Thos. Eadley.'" " What is he like in appearance ?—have you heard?" My interest in spirit-rapping liadincreased wonderfully wlthm a few moments. "I have not heard decidedly—lie is a venerable old man, with silky white hair and heard—that is all I know." " Do you pay anything to attend his mi nistrations?" "Nothing, unless you like. But there is a box, I believe, into which you may drop anything above a shilling, or less than half a-crown." "" Could I go with you—1 mean, without being known as a detective ? "' "Certainly—there is nothing I "would like better. This note of. introduction will. ; admit any number." I looked at the note—a lithographed ircular—and then said, quietly— " I will come, and perhaps, bring another with me. But, as the. greatest favor you can confer on me, do not say a word of it to any one. ' He promised secresv, and we parted. I thought I would have some trouble to prime up McSweeny to. accompany me; but I was agreeably surprised to find that he treated the new spirit-rapping business as a wretched hoax. He believed as firmly as ever in spirits, apparitions, and ghouls—for which he had a dozen Irish names that were unintelligible to me—but he was firmly of opinion that they always came without ask ing, and generally when they were not wanted. The street lamps were already lit, and eight o'clock had rung in when we reached Duke Street. McSweeny's sister, Honors who kept house for him, accompanied him, and my friend of the morning accompanied;m.e— perfectly unconscious, of course, that I had a double objectin view.in visitingthe medium. McSweeny and myself each carried a dark lantern, with prepared wicka, yrhick'cayM. be lighted •with a touch without the noisy crackling of a match, and our plan of action was fully laid dowu and understood. Our main object, of course, was to discover whether tlie "American clergyman" was not David Ferrier; but" as this might not be easily managed, and any slip might end in our expulsion, we were both carefully dis guised, and it was agreed that McSweeny, was to be the simpleton, greedily believing everything, while I was to be merely an impartial enquirer, seeking to know more of the "spirits" and their powers. As there was a chance of us being separated in " the circle," we had also agreed on a system of telegraphy—and thus "I would like more Ivjht on the subject," and a number of other commonplace phrases, had a meaning known only to ourselves. The house was a main-door one—a first class lodging-house of the kind, ticketed "Apartments." We rang, and enquired for the Rev. Thos. Padley, and were shown into a richly- fur nished parlor, along with a number of other visitors, to await the time and pleasure of the great oracle. It seemed to be the fashion with those present, to converse, in awe-stricken and subdued whispers, but McSweeny at once broke through the rule, and excited some undisguised horror by remarking, in his loudest tones— "Arrah, sowl, but this place" must cost him a pufty"penny in the week. All them pictiir's an' curtains an' this beautiful soft •carpet wasn't got fornothin'. See, Judy, darliii' !" he said, addressing his sister by the name we had agreed on, "he's got a kind of poors'-box on the mantelpiece; let's put in something for luck," and he coolly strode forward and noisily dropped in a penny of the "cart-wheel" description, dear to schoolboys. Horror on the faces roiuid him was now giving way, and a titter of amusement ran round the room. Watching the visitors closely, it gave me some relief to see that none seemed to take him for aught but the fussy and antiquated old man he was made up for. He had determinedly refused to give up the great white hat he wore, and the heavy umbrella he carried under his arm, and now his apparent simplicity and openness were not the least effectual parts of his disguise. He removed the hat, and then concernedly began to tug at the white hair on his head. Judy, darlin', is me wig straight P lie asked, in the same noisy tones. " Sure the spirits 'ud take offence if I went in afore them untidy. Me hoots aren't the clanest, either ; but 'twas them slasferin' roads that did it. If ye've a hit o' paper I'll give them a rub down. Whatever will I do ?" he added, addressing the company generally. "Ye've mostly got white gloves on, hut . sorry a pair 'ud ever go on my big fingers." Some one hastened to assure him that the oversight was of no consequence whatever, and he appeared comforted. "I s'pose the spirits don't wear them themselves," he said, conclusively, "an' they're soft wid other people. Saint Patrick! there's a bell ringia'—what's that for ? It's a drop of whisky I could take this minit, for I'm all over a twitteration, like the pig when his master told him he was getting too fat. The door opened, and a boy in a neat page's dress appeared. By him we were taken in tow, and ushered into another room, dimly lighted by one solitary lamp. This lamp hung from the centre of the roof, with a shade over it to throw the light downwards, and just outside the shadow thrown by this shade we could dis tinguish the outlines of a venerable figure. The iigure rose at our entrance, bowed slightly, and motioned us to seats- round thetable. I was disappointed. I had hoped he would speak. To me the Edinburgh accent is music, and I have often astonished people by detecting it, even when modified and almost dissipated by time and change.. I seated myself as nearly as possible op posite the "medium," and by-and-bye, as my eyes got accustomed to the dim light, I made out that he was dressed in clerical blacks, had flowing white hair and beard, and wore a green shade oyer his eyes. He spoke at last, with a Yankee sneevle and drawl that was either very strong, or affected, and.very much overdone. His speech was pretty long, aiid not over intel ligible, so I have forgotten it, but the bulk of it lies in these words.— "We Americans air a tall people—we air.sharp, as the. little end of. nothing,, and slick as the greased end of lightning. The spirits have put their foot down on us, and gone the big figure to show it. Sceptics— miserable, deluded sceptics—had . tried to crush the sacred doctrine, but they, found they had woke up the wrong passenger. If there were any sich present he'd advise them to make the back track, and not disturb the circle with their all-fired unbe lief. It would be better for 'em, if- they did, 'cause the spirits were apt to get riled when •crossed—right-down savage as a:meat axe. He'd known a big loo- table, half a ton weight, lifted right up and . brought ker-flop down on the heads of sich." He paused, and a terrified: murmur ran round the room.to the effect that every one present believed firmly in. the- doctrine he represented and expounded., McSweeney even yrent the length of assuring him that 'he believed not only in the "spirits," hut in everything else. 1 remained; silent. I was trying to determine whether the cleverly disguised voice of the "medium" had not an Edinburgh accent. The speaker resumed,.more cheerfully— " P'raps some here are still on the fence, and don't know which side to take. These air honest, and may. keep a stiff upper lip. The spirits air nuts, on sich, and show 'em wonders. I hope they'll do so to-night." "I,hope so, too;" volunteered McSweeny, with a face as long as Leith Walk. The " circle " tittered; but a fierce ges ture from the wearer of the green shade instantly silenced them. MeSweeny's face might have been, made of cast- iron, so im movable did every line of simplicity and gravity remain. " The spirits don't like laffture," said the "Medium," rather snappishly. "People who come here for that will find it a blue fizzle," and be looked searcbingly across at McSweeny. "That's true," acquiesced McSweeny, with a grave nod. "I don't know what a blue fizzle means, hut I know it's true." I was keenly on the alert, and beginning to get excited. In the momentary impa tience the "Medium" had slightly forgotten himself, and dropped the nasal twang. He glared for a moment at McSweeny; but, fik hundreds beSote him, made nothing q£ tlie simple face; and abruptly resumed'his discourse. "I guess -we'll begin now,'"be said, " but if there's any ter-aitor here let me warn him once more to look out for .fits. In the fust place we'll turn down the light/:'cause the spirits don't like light." The light was accordingly turned down, till we were in all but complete darkness. After manipulating our hands on _tlie table according to his direction we waited impatiently for some minutes, when' sud denly the table gave a lurch, drawing forth a short scream from one of the more-timid of the visitors. There was nothing very wonderful in it. The table was of medium weight, resting on three central claws, and might have been lifted by a . strong foot or pair offeet, supposing a confederate was present. \- ~ Presently, when the confusion had sub sided, we ; heard .some-,;-distinct tapping, such as the back of-the hail or the point of a finger might make; on a table, and the Medium announced that the departed friends of " the circle" were present in great number. At the same time lie invited any of us to question the spirits and he would interpret to us their answers. There was a moment's silence, and then M'Sweeny en quired aloud— "Is my dear friend James Macluskey here ?" A running battery of minute knocks on the table, and the interpreter's answer,. " Yes," told_ us that the spirit of the noted forger and thief, who has already figured in. these sketches, was supposed to be in our presence. " How are ye ?" continued MeSweeny. Bat-tat-tat, and the answer— " In a state of joyful happiness." " Are ye, now ? Do ye still continue yer labors of love—them works that ye devoted so much time and attintion to here ?" " Still," said the spirit, "and with greater happiness and success." "Have ye any frinds—helpmates, I mane, like ye had here ?" " A cluster of devoted helpmates," re turned Jim Macluskey. MeSweeny was bursting, but managed to whisper to me— " Holy Moses! there's a regular band of robbers there. I'll see if there's any polis." "But have ye any frinds and acquain tances like meself where ye are ?" he added, aloud. "Very few," answered the spirit. " Ah, I thought as much,"grimly returned MeSweeny, " That accounts for his greater success," he added to me in a whisper. " There is some one whispering," inter posed the medium sharply. " The spirits dislike whispering, because it is all fully known to them, and they hate folks to fly off the handle with 'em. Yew may try again, but I reckon that spirit's a gonner." He-was "a gonner," or too sulky to make his presence known, for McSweeny's most wheedling questions drew forth not one further reply. " P'r'aps some other gent in the circle has friends to enquire after ?" suggested the medium, who perhaps did not feel sure of M'Sweeney, and wanted to have done with him. • But no one else spoke, and at last M'Sweeny resumed— "Is my friend ' The Prince' here ?" " The Prince," I may here remark, was at that moment in Perth Penitentiary serving his five years. There was no answer. The question was repeated with the same result, and then the medium twanged in in explanation— " I reckon there's no big bugs in spirit land." "By jabers, that's one comfort!" cried M'Sweeny, with fervor. " I hope there's no little one's either. They're my natural enemies. "Do you know," he added, ad dressing the company generally, " If there's one in a place it'll be at me—begorra, it will, an' bite me all over lumps, so it will." ... " Green. I guess spring comes nothing to yew," tartly replied the medium, with a. trace of a sneer in his tone, ," I meant per sons of rank, having titles of distinction. Call on him by his name, not his title." M'Sweeny obeyed; and in answer there came a rapid and decided shower, of taps. " Guess you've riled him," remarked' the medium. ""But lie's here—ask away." "How are yer me boy?" enquired MeSweeny. " Sad—very sad,"'was the reply. "Och, now to think of that!" sympathised the questioner.. "What's on yer moind now, avick ?" " The unbelief, of the world—it makes me weep—hut there-will be a change," was the hopeful answer of the spirit. " There generally is—every day in, the world, if it's only in the weather,"'said MeSweeny. " Do. ye work much where ye are?" " Very little—we do good to. each, other." " How long. is. it ye died, now ?" - " Some years," cautiously returned the spirit; and then a determined!, silence showed that he, too, was " a gonner." ; " Is my dear sister, Honor, here ?" con tinued McSweeny, pinching her arm at the moment. Some negative raps were interpreted thus:— "She isnot here—hut another spirit,, by name Ephraim Gladis, will fetch her;" " Then Pm very much obliged to Ephrsara for the same," replied McSweeny; with another pinch at Honor's arm, to .check- the indignant torrent of abuse rising to.-her-lips. " Honor, darlin', are ye here now ?"' Kap—"Yes, brother." " Ho ye ever think of me ?"-■ McSweeny's voice appeared to be choked with emotion,, hut in reality it was choked with something else,. "Often, dear brother," responded the spirit. " It gives we great joy to see you here. I will watch over you! "How long is it.now—for Pve forgotten —since ye died in my arms?" "Snows and flowers," was the slowly rapped-out reply. "What's that? That's a queer answer," said McSweeny,, in a puzzled tone. "It means winters and summers," said the' medium, in explanation. "It may be taken to mean three years." "That's not quite right," demurred. McSweeny. " Honor, darlin'—-how "many years is it?" i There was an ominous silence, which, the ! medium at last broke. | " The spirit thinks you know already, j and has taken offence and gone off. You must drive a straight furrow with the spirits, pv they'll he down 0.11 ye like a ] greased panther. Fiaps some other in the circle would like to question the spirits. Several others did essay to question them, with varied success, as they admitted. Sometimes the answers were right, but oftenest they were wrong. At last a deact silence seemed to intimate that these were also either sulky or "gonners," and McSweeny again tried his hand." . "Is my dear hind, the Rev.Stephen Spence, here ?" he enquired, in the wheed ling tone that had already been so success fufin drawing out the " spirits." Rap, rap—quick and energetic. "Yes," most decidedly. The spirit of ■the fatricide mentioned in No. II. was now supposed to he in our presence. "Have ye got the reward that ye raissed hereby dyin' off so suddint—the reward for your last kindness to your brother ?" en quired McSweeny. "I have got the full reward, and lam verv happy," "was the strange answer. _ " Saint Patrick! but that's the first time I knew a man very happy at heiu' hanged," whispered McSweeny to me. ■ \- Perhaps the reverend " spirit heard the whisper and chuckle, for every other ques tion was treated with contemptuous silence, and so the " Skylark" was voted a " gomier too. ... As 110 other "spirit," by any name what ever, ventured a reply to any of the ques tions, the " medium" suggested that some one should favor the invisible -rappers with some music—a song, for instance. _ . " Mnsha, thin, I'll give them that, cried McSweeny, with great alacrity. " But it U be in Irish; mebbe they won't understand that?" . ■ ^ „ "Every language is like unto them, suavely returned the " medium." Knowing McSweeny weakness—a great pride in his musical powers and a most aggravating memory for long songs — I sharply interposed'— " I think you'd better ask some of the ladies." But it was no use. McSweeny argued that they had already had a chance to speak up, and added, besides, that his song was all about a ghost, so it would he sure to please the "spirits." Experience is a good teacher. I did not arnie the point, but gave in at once, know ing that it would only waste time and come to°tbe same thing in the end. . _ He began his interminable drawl. No one, I am certain, understood a word of it and McSweeny's style of singing I had always insisted, was modelled closely alter the Irish bagpipes, added to which there was chorus a yard long, which he resolutely stuck in between every verse; but he went at it with the coolest unction, and all the zest of an epicure. I could not stop mm. I pinched his arm black and blue. 1 stamned on his toes with my heel till I was tireck hut all in vain. At last the medium interposed. " I'm afraid it's a fizzle out," he said. 1 reckon they've all made hack tracks. " Then I'll give them the other three verses ?" eagerly suggested McSweeney. Rap-rap-rap. The "spirits" themselves interposed. They had got enough of it, and would con verse rather than he tortured further. " Would any one like to question them further before we close and disperse the circle ?" asked the medium, who was per haps getting tired. I had not been idle, though silent nearly all the time, and now I thought I would have a turn at it. A " spirit" having been tailed, I enquired— # "Is it true that the spirits are able to lift heavy weights ?" "It is true," responded the spirit, m quick raps, " and they have, already _shown it to the unbelieving world as a sign. . " Could they even move a piece of ma chinery—a printing press, for instance ?^ " As easily as lift a pin or flutter a hair, answered the << spirit," by name Thomas Oaks. „ " Could thev lift a small type, or a suc cession of such types, and place them m a certain order ?" 1 continued. Assisted Toy the faith of the believeiy the spirits can do anything that can he done by man," cautiously returned Thomas. " Then if they can move a printing ma chine, and lay types in a certain order, and read manuscript, why can they not set up and print off the spiritualistic newspaper to I asked, following Thomas up closely.; A double benefit would accrue—the derided believers - would get cheaper literature —sixpence, or even faurpence, is pretty high'to pay for a newspaper—and; a- prac tical pro6f of the greatness of the doctrine -would be shown to the whole woiict. The reply came very quickly, and with very few raps—suspiciously few—consider ing its length— ' " Such things have been done, and •will be done again. " Where have they been done?" This question elicited no reply, so I tried another. " When "will it he done again ?" An answer came now— "Very soon—•when the faith of the be-, liever is greater."' As years have passed away since. " Thomas" made this promise and it - has never yet been verified, I can only conclude one of two things—the faith of the workl,: is in a very backward state, or else "Thomas"' was a great liar. One thing struck me as singular.. When~ ever the Medium was excited or irritated, and often when he was interpreting the raps of the spirits, he lost his Yankee drawl ana spoke very fair -English. I had. eyem fancied that occasionally I could /detect traces of the Scotch accent, though it seemed to be very rigorously watched and disguised. Eerrier, had spoken good English, for ian Edinburgh man, hut then he'. bed. been away for three yeai-s and more, and I was how asldng myself whether he might: not in that interval have picked up a. smatter ing of Yankee phrases, adopted the new " notion," and boldly given himself out for an American; whether,, in a word,. the Bev. Thos.. Padley before me was not Davie in person. Why did he wear a green shade, even in the dark, if it was not to hide some defect ?—a squint, for instance ? "I must have that shade off, though I should tear it from his face," I said to my self. "But first I will try him on another tack. I might he mistaken, and it would get me into trouble if I used unseemly violence," These thoughts had occupied a very slight pause, and " Thomas" was still in waiting, solresumed— ^ Can the spirits aid in. the discovery.of a criminal?" Bap-rap-rap, The answer came with joyful alacrity. Criminal-hunting was eyi-~ dently the thing which the "spirits " prided, themselves they were good at. " Then can you tell me where a man calling himself Brydone Stone, but whose real name is David Feirier, is at this mo ment?" A dead stillness followed the question, and I coidd hear the breath of the Medium coming in quick gasps. At last there came a flutter of taps, which in shaky and litisky tones were interpreted— "Yes." . , v " Then where is he ?" Another awkward pause, and then the* answer came— "In the middle of mighty Atlantic, 01* his way to America.-' " I think you're wrong," I- said, very quietly, and touching McSweeny at the. same moment. The " spirit" vouchsafed no reply. "Atleast," I slowly continued, getting* my implements ready," Iwpuld like a littlo more light on the subject." There was: light, and plenty, of it> almost instantly. Our two.laftteras, slides' back, were raised above the table, and their rays gent straight into, the face of the medium. Then I saw that hair and beard alike were false, sprang roimd the tables ecdlare'd him, tore the .shade from his eyes, bringing the wig with it, and the squint eyes and bulky brow of David Fexrier stood revealed. A simultaneous scream and shout-of sur prise burst from the astonished circle at our unexpected movements and tlie wonderful results. ' " Caught again, Davie P" I cried. "Ykm'd better give in." Had he not been so completely unmasked, I daresay he might have brazened the thing out; but, lis it was, such a plan was not to • be thought of. Still, he had no intention of giving in. I had always known him- to be headstrong. With a lounge, a wrench, and a push—for he was a'very powerful man—he had shaken us. both off, and crashed through every obstacle, straight out of the room. We were after him with a rush, and got up to him before he could unfasten the outer door. But when he turned he had a. - knife in his hand; and, knowing his profi ciency I started back, not a great deal too: 1 soon. " Let me go, or I'll rim you through!" ha hoarsely cried, with his eyes glaring with; • the fury of a maniac, and his disengaged5 hand upon the latch. " You have insulted^ me—me! the prophet of the Lord, and de- • rided me with ribald questions—I will have - your life for it!" The last words came out with a shriek,. and the man—who at the moment, I believe, ; was really and truly a maniac—made a fierce slash at me with the knife, ripping up • my coat sleeve and grazing the slrinoeneatlu Then he was out, and flying like the wind. " Tare an' 'ounds!" cried McSweeny, as we followed, "the devil's nothing to him. Talk about spirits—it's devils he keeps company with, an' he's got 'em all inside of him." We soon had plenty of noisy followers, and we managed to pick up our gentleman ■ near Gayfield-square, after picking nc on the way the knife he hac rbrnwr. away We duly had him locked up. ami :h<m tele graphed to the Liverpool authorities to send on a man to identify our prisoner. This . was done, and he was taken away, the day after. But though he was guilty in a double sense—that is of the stabbing case then, and of resisting us here—he was never • tried.' Some raving remarks which lie thought proper to address to the Judge when he was brought up, pulled them up, and caused an enquiry to he made into the state of his mind. He was accordingly examined by two skilled medical men, and , emphatically pronounced insane. The re sult was that we got him hack onour hands, and an order had to be procured for his transference to the care of /the autho rities of one of the Edihhiirgh parishes, and . among, the insane paupers he remained till. his death some years" after. ; V 