O 1 E I T A. By MKS. OLIPHANT, AUTHOB OP "THE OHBOWIOXES OP OABXIINOFOBDJ" "THU PERPETUAL OUBATE," UTO. CHAPTER XXVIII:-ELAINE. IT is very hard to be obliged to alter our rela tionship with our friends, and still more hard to alter the habits which have shaped our lives; Mr. Beresford when he was forbidden to continue his visits to his neighbour, was like a man stranded, not knowing what to make of himself. When the evening came he went to his library as usual, and made au attempt to settle to his work, as he called it. But long before tho hour at which with placid regularity he had been used to go to Mrs. Mere-1 dith's, he got uneasy. Knowing that his happy habit was to be disturbed, he was restless and un comfortable even before the habitual moment came. He could not read, he could not write j how was he to spend the slowly moving moments, and how to account to her for the disturbance of the usual routine ? Should he write and tell her that he was going out, that he had received a sudden invi tation or a sudden commission ? When he was debating this question in his mind, Edward came, with a very grave face, to say that his mother was ill and unable to see any one. " She said you had better be told," said Edward. " She has gone to her room. She has a headache. She will not see any ono to-day." " Mr. Seton has been with you. Has he any thing to do with your mother's headache ?" " I think so," said Kdward, angrily ~" old , meddler ; but she seems to think wo must put up with him. I wish my father would come home and look after his own affairs." "It was a mission from your father, then ?" Mr. Beresford was silent for a moment, thinking with somewhat sombre dissatisfaction of the absent Meredith. Would it be eo pleasant to see him come home ? Would the unaccustomed presence I of the master be an advantage to the house ? He could not be so insincere as to echo Edward's wish, but he was moved sympathetically toward the youth, who certainly*was quite unsuspicious of him, whatever other people might bo. " Go up stairs and see Carn," he said. " She is in tho drawing-room." The young man's face brightened. Oswald was absent ; ho was not, aa usual, in his brother's way, and though he had agreed loyally to accopt what he supposed to bo tho state of affairs, and Behool himself to look upon Cara as his future eiatpr, that was no reason-indeed, it was rather the reason of a reason-for avoiding her now. He went up-stairs with a kind of sweet unhappiness in his heart. If Cara was not for him, he must put up with it j he 1 must try to be glad if she had chosen according io her own happiness. But in the meantime he would try to forget that, and take what pleasure heaven might afford him in her society-a modified imper fect happiness, with an after taste of bitterness in it, but siill better than no consolation at all. Cara was with her aunt in the drawing-room, and they both welcomed him with smiles. Miss Cherry, indeed, was quite effusive in her pleasure. " Jome and tell us all the news, and amuse us," I she said. " That is the chief advantage of having men about. My brother is no good, he never goes out ; and if he did go out, he never comes up stairs. I thought Oswald would have come, thia evening," Mis3 Cherry said, in a tone which for her sounded querulous, and she looked from one to the other of tho young people with a curious look. She was not pleased to be left out of Cara's confidence, and when they excused Oswald with one breath, both explaining eagerly that they had known of his engagement, Miss Cherry was if anything worse offended still. Why should not they be open, and tell everything, she thought. " Besides," said Cara, very calmly, " Oswald never comes here in the evening ; he has always so many places to go to, and his club. Edward is too young to have a club. Why should people go out always at night ? Isn't it pleasant to be at home ?" " My dear, gentlemen are not like us," said Miss Cherry, instinctively defending the absent ; " and, to tell the truth, when I have been going to the play or to aparty-Imean in my young days-I used to like to see the lighted streets-all tfie shops shining, and the people thronging past on the pavement. I am afraid it was a vulgar taste, but I liked it. And men, who can go where they please- I am very sorry that your mamma has a headache, .Edward. She is not seeing any one. I wonder what James"-here she stopped abruptly, and looked conscious, feeling that to discuss her brother with these young persons would be very foolish. Fortunately, they were occupied with each other, and did not pay much attention to what she said. " Oh,Edward," said Cara," stay and read to us. There is nothing I like so much. It is always dull here in the evenings, much duller than at the hill, except when we go out. And Aunt Cherry has her work, and so have I. Sit here ; here is a com fortable chair close to the lamp. You have nothing particular to do j and if your mother has a head ache she do"S not want you." " I don't require to be coaxed," said Edward, his face glowing with pleasure, and then a certain pallor stole over it, as he said to himself, She is treating me like her brother but even that was pleasant after a sort. "I am quite willing," he said ; " what shall it bs ? I'll use what book you like best.'' " Poetry," naid Cara ; " don't you like poetry, Aunt Cherry ? There J s a novel there. But 1 prefer Tennyson. Mr. Browning is a little too hard for me. Aunt Cherry, Edward ia very good when he reads out loud. You would like to hear Elaine." " Ye-es," said Miss Cherry. She cast a regretful glance at the novel, which was fresh from Mudie's, but soon cheered up, reflecting that she was half through the second volume, and that it would not be amusing to begin it over again. .* In my young ¡days stories would bear reading two or three times over," she said, unconsciously following out her own thought, " but they have fallen off like every thing else. Yes, my dear, I am always fond of poetry. Let me get my work. It is the new kind of art needlework, Edward. I don't know if you have seen any of it. It is considered a great deal better in design than the Berlin-work we used to do, and it is a very easy stitch, and goes quickly. That is what I like in it. I must have the basket with all my crewels, Cara, and my scissors and my thimble, before he begins. I hate interrupting any one who is reading. But you are only hem ming, my dear. You might have prettier work for the drawing-room. I think girls should always have some pretty work in hand. Don't you think so, Edward P It is pleasanter to look at than that plain piece of white work." " I should think anything that Cara worked at pretty," said Edward, forgetting precaution. Miss Cherry looked up at him suddenly with a little alarm ; but Cara, who was searching for the crewels and the thimble and the scissors on a distant table, fortunately did not Lear what he said. i " H-hush," said Miss Cherry, " we must not make the child rain." But, to tell the truth, her lively imagination immediately leaped at a rival8hip between the two brothers. " I suppose we must consider her fate sealed, though she is not so frank about it as I could wish," she added in an under tone. " Hore are your crewels, Aunt Cherry, and here is tho book, Edward. What were you talking about?" said Cara, coming back into the warm circle of the light. "Nothing, my darling-about the art needle work; and Edward thinks it very pretty; but I am not sure that I don't prefer the Berlin wool. After all, to work borders to dusters seems scarcely worth while, does it ? Oh, yes, my dear, I know it is for a chair, bat it looks just like a duster. Now we used to work on silk and satin much better worth it." " Aunt Cherry, you always talk most when some one is beginning to read." " Do I, dear ?" said Miss Cherry, in a wondering, injured tone. " Well, then, I shall be silent. I do not think I am much given to be talkative. Have I everything ? Then, my dear boy, please go on." I It was a pretty scene. Th« rich warm centre of the fire, the moon-lamps on either table, filled the soft atmosphere with light. Miss Cherry, in her gay gown, which was of glistening silk, full of soft reflections in the evening, sat on one side with her crewels in her lap,giving points of subdued colour, and her face full in tho light, very intent over the work, which sometimes puzzled her a little. Cara and Edward had the other table between them ; hu, with his book before him, placed so that he could imo her when ho raised his eyes ; sim with the muslin she was hemming falling about her pretty hands-a fair, white creature, with a rose light shed upon her from the fire. The rest of the room was less light, enshrining this spot of bright ness, but giving forth chance gleams in every corner from mirrors which conveyed them dimly, ' ff .., --- ? - from china and old Venetian glass, which^ caught the light, and flouted flickers of jewellery ahout the walls. Mr. Beresford, who, deprived pf his usual rest, was wandering about an ame en peine, looked in for a moment at the door, and paused to look at them, and then disappeared again. He never came to spend a moment longer than he could help in that Haunted room ; but to-night, perhaps, in his» restlessness, might have found it a relief to tako his natural place there, had he not been checked by the quiet, home-like aspect of tliis pretty group, which seemed «¡4 complet. It did not look like any chance combination, but seemed so harmonious, so natural to the place, aa if it had always been there, aud always must possess the warm fireside, that he was incapable of disturbing. Better to bear the new life alone. The genial party-what had he to do with it, dis turbing it by his past, by the ghosts that would come with him ? He shut the door noiselessly, aad went back again down to his gloomy library. Poor Annie's room, in which everything spoke of her how the loss of her had changed all the world to him, and driven him away for ever from the soft delight of that household centre ! Strangely enough, the failure of the refuge which friendship had made for him renewed all his regrets tenfold for his wife whom he had lost. He seemed almost to love her again, and the bitter ness of the first hours came back upon him as he Sit alone, having nowhere to go to. Life was hard on him, and fate - [TO UTÍ CONTINUED.] 