COUNT VICTOR. f Count Victor Baudelot de Deeval was grandson of a gentleman who figured favour ably in the autobiography of the old Duchess of Orleans, mother of the Regent in the mino rity of Louis XV. Though she befouled with out scruple the memories of the leading men of her own day, not sparing her own. grand daughter or her own sou, she always speaks with high respect of Caser Baudelot. Saint Simon, too, although he looked at human nature too generally on its wrong side, has always a good word, for Baudelot; and when in 1793 the war between Royalists and Repub licans broke out in La Vendee, the De Baude lot, who was then bead of his house, lookup arms to curb the excesses of the revolution. He fought as all his noble comrades fought, with heart and hand. He was the friend of Cathelineau, Lescnre, La Rochcjaquelin, and the rest of their gallant company. He went into battle with light-hearted grace, cared nothing for discouragements or dangers, and his gay spirits were always, gay est after a fight, so soon as he had ceased to hear the groans and outcries of the field of battle. What war was ever so ferocious as the struggle in La Vendee? But I have no design of dwelling on it. Others have painted it too often; some with their brushes dipped in glow ing hues, others in darker colours. All I have to do is to tell you the story of Count Baude lot, who one day was surprised in a farm- bouse, together with a detachmentof twelve Royalists, by a body or Blues, as the Republicans were nicknamed in La Vendee. The Count called out to his few men: "Retire immediately! The farm-honso is abodt to bo surrounded. Fly 1 Carry off the women and children. I will estay and defend the door; I can hold out ten minutes. There are 390 of them' They will mmder every one they capture. Farewell, my gallant lads. Do not forget me. It is ray turn to dio to-day—it will be yours to-morrow l" To those days of glorious heroism and self devotion, nobody was surprised at any instance of self-sacrifice! Dramatic heroism, common enough among Frenchmen in other wars, had no one to admire it, no 0110 to record it, to bo surprised at it in this war'of extermination and despair. It was no time or place for any Quixotic exhibition of courage or devotion/ Self-sacrifices were regarded as mere things of course, and Baudelot's twelve soldiers imme diately oboyed him. The Count remained behind after they left, making all possible noises, haranguing, dis puting, giving orders, rattling his gun against the floor and clinking its locks. He made'row enough for a whole regiment at once, and the Blues were cautious in their approaches. But after a while his voice began to fail, and, judg ing that his men must by that time bo safe, the careless Frenchman cared no longer to cohj I mand an imaginary company; and, leaving off I his orders and exhortations, barricaded the oak (door and watted further action. For some minutes thu door resisted the fresh assaults of the enemy. Then it began to yield. The! Blues fired through the chinks into the chain-' her. Count "Victor"was not wounded; and, as he had been surprised when half through break ! fast, he sat down to the table to finish his bread and cheese, saying to himself, with every bite, " It is my last mouthful." , At length the strong door yielded; the Blues i burst into the apartment. It took some little time to push back the obstructions and to see clearly what was what through tho smoke of their own volleys. • They drew their swords, and, as. the dimness cleared away, glared eagerly around to see what had become of that large body of troop that had resisted their en trance for half an hour. Imagine their surprise! Instead of finding the owners of all those voices, they saw only: one young and handsome man, tall, calm, and with a merry twinkle in his eyes, eating a dice of black loaf, and washing it down with the weak wine of the country. * The soldiers of the Republic paused in as-; tonishment. This pause "gave Victor Baudelot time to toss off the last drop and swallow the ! last mouthful.. "Your good health, gentlemen," he cried, I lilting the wine-glass to his lips. " The garri ! son is muoh obliged to you for your kind con I sideration." ! As he spoke he rose and went up to the com mander. "Monsieur," said he, "I am'alone in this house. You can shoot me behind; that shrub bery we see out yonder.'* .. He paused, and, to his great surprise, was not shot a moment after. It may hare been [because his captors were recruits new to I Vendeean warfare. It may bare been be | cause they, were interested by his handsome j face, his gallant bearing, and his cool ■ indifference. Maybe they felt ashamed of shooting in cold blood a roan who had de fended himself against three hundred of them. They tied his hands behind his back, and, under a strict guard sent him to a country house near 2\ antes, which once had been a nobleman's mansion.. The master of tbo house was in command of the very Blues who had just seized and bound him. A Breton and a gentleman (although.' ho was a Revolutionary Republican), he had flung himself heart and soul into the cause of liberty at the outset of tbo Revolution.' He was one of those nobles who in one night, that night which has been called both the night of sacrifices and the night of insanity, stripped themselves of their for tunes, of their privileges, of their armorial bearings, of their very names, forgetting what was due to their ancestors and their descen dants, to the past and to the future, and paid so dearly for their imprudent enthusiasm during the remainder of their lives. They are all now dead. Some died the victims of that-movement fhey too rashly, served; * some lived to see how little good their I sacrifices accomplished. . j Count Victor was imprisoned in the donjon tower of the mansion; in other words the dove cote of the conqueror's establishment. The pigeons who had dwelt there in the days of peace were now.replaced from time to time by captured chouans—chovati (the patois natno for owl or birds of night), being the title given to the Royalists by the Republicans. The dove cote still retained its peaked roof of white slate and its tall weathercock, nor had it been thought necessary to put iron bars into tho narrow lofty openings through which the dores once went and came. Little indeed hod been added to tho furniture of the place for the accommodation of the new kind of birds who were too often caged there—nothing but some 6traw upon the pavement, on which Count Victor stretched himself in default of any chair. lie smiled at the idea of being shut up in a pigeon house. If he could free his hands, he thought, and get hold of a guitar, what a pretty little ballad be might make out of the situation! As he was thinking over his ballad, and wishing for a guitar, lie heard the sound o! a violin and bagpipes. These lively instruments were playing a gay march. 'Count Victor started up from where he lay and, by shovingall the straw up to the wall, managed, in spite of his bound hands, to climb up to one of the openings and to look below him. He looked down on a merry fete. There was a long pro cession of young men and fair women, all in white, preceded by the music of the vilhige. The procession moved but slowly, though the air played was gay. As it passed undor tho pigeon house (or if you will, the dijon-keep of the fortress) a young girl looked up anxiously. She was fair, she was elegant, she looked sad and pale. Count Victor saw at once she know it contained a prisoner, and as they passed on, he whistled the air of King Richard in his captivity: "J)ans me tour obscure," . For ho was a young man drilled in ballads as well as at arms, as good at a guitar as a sword thrust, a fearless rider, a gay dancer in short, a bravo, young. nobleman of tho old school, specimens of "whom wo rnayetill ago among French , octogenarians;' hut th<) raco is no longer , raised under the changed social con ditions of the present day. Tho wedding party passed.out of his right. It was not exactly a marriage procession, how ever; itwasonlya betrothal. Count Vietorbroko off bis melody. Ho heard a noise at tho door of his apartment. A man entered his prison; It was tbo master of tho mansion—a Marquis under the late Capet, now only Capfc. Hamclin. He wag a Clue, but for all that an honest, kindly gentleman. As early as the meeting of tho States General he had been fired with enthusiuem for tho Republic. To her his heart, his hopes, his sword and house were given; but ho could hot become mean! or'cruel at her bidding. That very morning he had been in formed that a party of Chouans had passed tho night at one of bis farms. He set out at once at the head of a* detachment, putting off, the ceremony of his betrothal until tho afternoon. "Wo have seen hciw he captured Count Victor." That duty. accomplished, and his prisoner se cured, he came back. with, all speed to his post poned betrothal. \ Capt. Hamelin was not ao utterly given over to Republicanism as to bavb forgotten the ob ligations of hospitality according to the Breton code. He therefore thought it his duty to pay a visit to his prisoner, choosing' the time his wedding guests were assembling for supper. "What can I do to servo.you, monsieur?'* he taid politely to Count Victor. "Lord to this castle,'* said tho Captain, with' a bow, "please,to give me the use of one of my hands." ' " Both hands shall bo set at liberty, Mon-; sieur," replied Hamelin, "provided; you promise to make no attempt to get away. Only before you promise, it is proper you should know that you will be 6ent off under a guard to Naples at G o'clock to-morrow morning." And at ,8" o'clock I shall bo shot," said Baudelot.' \- The Republican officer mode no reply. V Well, monsieur,''said Baudeiot,* 4'.unless I am rescued by any of our men, I: promise, on . my word of honour as a Christian and a gentle man, that l will stay here quiet as .'a pigeon with itswings cat, if you release my hands." Captain Hamelin could not help smiling at the appropriate simile. * He untied his prisoner. ^And. now," said: Baudelot, stretching his arms out as ho spoke, " now, monsieur, I am sincerely indebted to you for your kindness, and it will not be my fault if my. gratitude does not extend beyond tomorrow morning.":5 ! "If you have any last business to transact, a will to make, or letters to.write, I will send you .writing materials," said Hamelin, with emotion.. He was a. Breton born, Republican or no Republican. * ; Uaudelot perceived ne ieit lor nun, ana tooic his hand. "No matter," said he., "Your mention of my will has pained me more than, your intimation that I must.die at.Nantes to morrow morning. It makes nie - realise: that those I loved are dead. Ihave.no ono left on earth , to whom I care to leave my name or sword,'and nothing .more.: It must be very, funny, though, to write a will—to be generous to some at the expense of others—to picture to yourself who will smile and who will mourn when that document is'opened after your death. Don't you think so, Captain • "I will send you something to. cat," said Hamelin. It is the day of my betrothal, and we have better cheer than, usual.' My bride; shall send your supper." . Count Victor perceived on the. ledge of one of the high slits which did duty as windows in his dim apartment a daisy growing from a seed dropped by a pigeon. He leaped up and' plucked it. " Captain," he^ said, giving it to Hamelin, " is is the custom in our part, of the country for every guest to make a wedding present to the bride. Be so good as to present your betrothed from me this little flower. And now I must no ; longer keep you from her side. Thank you for your humanity. Farewell 1 God bless you. Send me some supper, for I am weary and hungry. Good night." j Food was soon brought to tho young officer. The maid who came to wait on him (a pretty Breton peasant girl, with white teeth, red lips, and great compassion, in her eyes) paid every attention to the captive. She urged him to eat of the best dishes, and to dxink of the choice wines. The sapper was luxurious. It seemed as if old times had come back to the dovocoto, when a poor caged , bird was fed'from the crumbs of the master's table. As she was pouring out a glass of cbumpugne for him the Count asked her her name. "Marie," said the girl. " The same name as my cousin," said the young man. " And how old are you, Mario r" " Seventeen/* she replied. "The same age," he said, ."as my poor cousin." And as he spoko he felt his wholo heart stirred at the remembranco of that beau tiful young girl, who had fallen by the hand of the executioner. He would not for tho world have given way to his emotion before tho little maid, whose own eyes shone with tears ready to fall; so, not being able to com mand his voice, he held ont his gluts to her. The glass was full. Champagne was spark ling in it to the brim, and on its glittering foam fell a last ray of sunshine. Header, can you realise that champagne foamed, and spring and summer came and went, during the lieign of Terror ? Perceiving his mistake, Count Victor said to Marie: "Have you no glass to plcdgo me in, kind Mario ? This lively sparkling wine never ap proves of being drunk alorio by any man. It likes gaiety and society. It is tho bond of that fraternity about which, Marie, you have heard so much, and concerning which those who use the word the oftenest, know so very little. I pray you put your lips to my glass or I shall not care to drink another drop of it beforo I die." * . So saying ho put up his glass to Marie's Hps. 3he bent down toward it. But his last word, " die," moved her soft heart so strongly that hsr tears began to fail into tho wine. "your gooa iitMiLii, i»uuiu; uxciaimoa Baudelot, emptying the .'. glass which waa watered by.hertears. --r.-/ . V; : At that moment Hhoy.hcnrd iriusic—fa^horn>' a 'violin, and hautboy—playing a gay dancing tunc. I " What's that?" said tlio young officer, put ting down his wine glass and passing at once from strong emotion to a laugh, ." ila foi ! ~Ifc inust bu h-ball!"•'•--- ' ' ^ •*•• *•*-?-Cv " Alas!" said Mario. " Yes, it is a ball. My mistress did not want to dance to-night, but the captain and her father said it must go on. She will be very uuliappy all tho time." "Oh, Mario!" said Count Victor, "if you are as kind as I think you arc, do something for mo! Run—fly! Tell your mistress that Count Victor Ihiudclot deUerval asks permis sion to pay his respects to her; but rim and find thoCuptain. Tell him that his prisoner-will have a dreary vigil hero to-night; that he*will not be able to sleep for the noise of muric'.and" dancing; that the night will bo long and cold ; that it would be charity to keep a poor young fellow from thinking gloomy thoughts on his last night in this world; • Tell him 'he has ray word of honour that I will make no effort to-* escape. Tell him all thut, Marie—say anything- ?• elso yon may think of in my favour. ''-Speak load enough to be heard byyouryoung mistress,-J and 1 doubt not, my Marie, she will be good to d me Then, if he is willing to invite mo to his ball, send me his valet,'ask him to" bring me ab clearf shirt and some hair powder. T daw say' the Republic has left a littlo hair powder some-'! where in the chateau. Ask him to bringim© one of his master's coats, and beg^the Captaia^t to send me my own sword—only for ornament ;';i I -promise not to draw-it out of its scabbardi' Run, Marit—run! and see if you can obtain alJO thiaformo!" - ' •••' ci; Very shortly after she had'Ioft, the chambre of Captain Hamelin made his nppear-i ance in thepigeon-houseJ •/' * ; v This valet was a good old servaht.of the old-* regime,; greatly attached to hair powdery old ^ customs, and the aristocracy.L : Sincor the ^Ro-'K public came in he had lost a good deal cif . irh^": portance. True, he had been appointed onenf f the Municipal Council at Nantes, but his high - functions were not near so satisfactory as thee'** long private* interviews ' he ".had' beenaccua-; T tomed to enjoy with noble personages whehhe7' assisted in dressing or undressing thenii1 The only great mail in these"latter times whom he' ** held in much respect was M. deRobespierre,'* became he'was the only man in power in'.the French Republic, who ditred to wear hair -" powder, ruffled shirts, and flapped waistcoats with embroidery. - 5 *"•••-> ■ He brought "the ' prisoner a complete "courtf1' suit that Captain Hamelin had had made while!!; he-was a Marquis,.to go:to court in, ■ while^ royalty had yet a court, and the courta'King'' andQueen. • ' * - - It was a very elegant embroidered suit.': Tha ■' shirt was romething cxqirisite, the sUk atbck-0^ ings very fine. * Nothing had .been forgotten; V not even scents and essences, sui'ch a^were' uB^ v by Marquises in former times. : '' 7 *'' . The Count g^ive up his head into tb'e hands of , the oldt valet, who dressed.it with Iho greatest^'j care and satisfaction, mingled,\Hbwever, with1. ^ many a deep sigh. J he Count~was'young and handsomo, but he had not worn Court'driess for'", a good while. AVben he found, himself 'ail ^ ready, curled, powdered, bis' beard'trimmed,'. his. eyes brightened" by : good eating '.and.', champagne, ho could not. resist smiling' with4^ innocent self-satisfacton and a pl^ant'rq-"rr membranco of sensations produced in former^' 'daysat balls at the Grahd Opcra. ' ,.a His sword was given hira as he stepped out"; of prison, with a reminder that ho had promised : it should not be drawn. ■ It was dark when he crossed tbe.garden.-; Assombled at the bull wcro all the prettiest;,; Republican ladies of the province. But every one knows that, however advanced a . woman .<1 may he in politics, she always remains aristov:. crat enough to take an interest in a bravo, gay, ,i: elegant yodng officer, especially when sho knows hoyond a doubt lie is to bo shot the next; • morning. - Tho ball had already begun. Tho bride wa9,.*; Mademoiselle - De MaiHy, grand niece of that ;:; sweet Do Mailly so beloved by. Madamo do Huinteuon. Sho had no heart for the betrothal or its gaieties while scenes of danger, desola? -J, tion and death occupied her mind. Her silence. and depression infected bur companions. There neyer was so, dismal a festivity in Brittany. . Everything went wrong. There was no ani mation in the dnnce, no gaiety.among • the . dancers, There was only a vague .feeling among all the guests that they wished they. were at homo. All of a sudden tho tall doors.of the great .: liall were opened slowly. Tho eyes of tho uu- . . easy guests turned towards that door;. : Itih would hardly have astonished them to seo a";-, ghost, instead of which thero ontqred a Court ,j« nobleman, smiling, handsome,: beautifully, dressed, an officer uud a gentleman. He wore Court dres>V his B*r wis of the Court, 'his, maonera those of tho Royalists times. .Tho, bluest of the Blues among tho guests werq; interested.and excited at beholding, so.un* ;, expcctedly, in the midst of their Republican festivity, a relic of that high society whicK in 1789, perished in u night; whose representa tive (uiidor sentence of death) came, faitlif.ul to tho last to his vocation of truo gentleman, to shine in and conlributo to tho amusement of others. Tho entranceof Baudclot, which it has taken a whole paragraph to relate, only occupied a / moment. As soon us ho was in tho ball-ioom he thought of nothing but the ball.. "Without formal introduction—for introductions are not necessary in Franco—he asked the fairest lady who was present to danoe with him. It was . the bride—that sweet, young, anxious girl who had looked up at his window from tho proccs- . sion, Sho accepted him for her partner with-., out hesitation. Sho would gladly havo givon_ , him any pleasure at her cominnnd, for she well, knew that death stood at her side, and that his. bony finger almost touched her shoulder. . ^ When tho men present saw Baudelot leading out his partner to tho danco they grew ashamod of their own want of auimatiou. They too sought partners. Tho women were all eager to dance on the same floor with Baudelot, so that soon.(Chunks to tho victim of- their politics)-the ball began to grow extremely lively. Both men. and women were hcrvouj.ly wound up. Baudolot ' whs hot behind tlio rest in careless gaiety., Ho. was tho only guest'among them all'.enjoying himself-naturally. His was, tho only smilo that was not forced ; his the one step that was \- not'constrained. The others danced under the -influence of terrible excitement.. They were ' all greatly moved at the sight of • their young victim. ' " * ; . Baudelot was king of tlio feast—far more so •than the bridegroom. ^ 'Ho was more in every body's thoughts than even tho fair brido. His bride'tho'next. morning was.to bo the scaffold. • The ball went on. Tho.mirth and fun grew fast aud furious. Baudelot was. the;life of it < all. ...He even charmed the men who played tho rousiQ.by teaching them now airs. Ho tookan • instrument'and-played himself the.-laBt new •f/»rabaudo composed.by Lully. . * ? Aa tho gay. danee wont on Baudelot forgot f how; fast the night was passing, but the women -knew,ft weU.;Thoy could not forget, too. They [-shudderedas thoy. looked at him. .Thev bhgan to imagine how he would soon look aa ho lay' .dead: : For ancient honour waB' so strong in .France, that every; appearance of Baudelot at .this b&ll.was; a.guarantee; thatihe would take .advantage- of.no ,opportunity, to escape that .might be offered him. His word was stronger ;than an iron chain. Both Baudelot andHamelin appreciated cuch other. : Haraelin knew that •be could give Baudelot this indulgence without prejudice to tho duty that he owed to the Com mittee on Public Safety. ' Baudelot know that Homclm was pledged to keep his word. .!■ &o;', reader, imagine *if you will, how manj' tender glances and soft smiles wore showered upon Baudelot, ; How many gontle bosoms heaved sighs for the handsome victim. He grew excited by. his situation: Nover had he felt himself so liable to ■ fall in love before.- When for the third time he led out tlio bride ho' felt her soft hand tremble in hisown: His trembled too. Ho turned and gazed upon ber face: • He found-her pale as marble. . What is it, Eleanor ?" he said. " What is it,'de&Test; lady ? Have pity- on your partner. Do not tremble so." - •"* • v ' Turning toward the windo wsof the ball-room,, where the curtains hung half parted by the current of air made by the dancers, she pointed toward. tbe first gray streak of dawn1 in ihe • borizonj'and said: ." -■ • r 4tTt is morning." . r • ' : I-J" True," exclaimed Baudelot, " but' what matters ?.. Horning!—after tho happiest night of my life! I-have seen you, know you, loved you J * 1 am dying, and inay dare to say I love you; /the dyiug never lie. - Farewell, sweet Eleanor—farewell! - Bo happy,: and accept the blessing of a chouan." :. -It was the'custom in Brittany for a gentle man at tho end 'of the last country danco to kiss bis partner on the foreheads In obedience to that custom Baudelot pressed his lips upion the brow of Eleanor. She almost fainted as he did so. . Hotioning him to sit down by her side she said in a low voico: ' - '> "Listen I 1 have been-thinking; you must escape." . Listen! tho carriage is being har nessed to taKc yon to Mantes. Oh, listen! In two houra you will bo shot. Escape! Oh! es cape while you can.. If ' necessary, I'will go with you as far as the first convent. - No one can then say you were actuated by fear ;• to love is alwayR honourable." ' . 1 • Sbe spoke in a low voico. She did not once, look up ; .8hc even tried to smile, as if sbe were talking the gay nonsense proper to a ball. - • Baudelot hardly heard her words, but his heart'beat with a happiness he had never before known. "How I lovo her! How I love ber!" cried his heart. But his lips said: " You will see it is impossible, Eleanor. Oh! if I were free, no other man should bo your husband. I would brave everything to call' Jou wife.' But I can never bo yotir husband.' no longer belong even to myself. Farewell, Bweet angel! If you love me give me buck the little daisy I sciit voir from my prison. Give it ine, Eleanor. That little bud which has beeu fastened imyonr dress shall give me comfort in my dying hour." Eleanor turned as pate ns death. There was a,solemn silence in tho room. The murir. stopped. Daylight streamed into tho apart ment: All of a sudden there was heard without a noise of steel and horsemen. At this sound, which came in the direction of Nantes, the women present, bp a common impulse, threw themselves before Count Bawlelot. But it was Baudelot's own soldiers como to deliver tlieir officer. They poured into the house, they' filled " the garden, they cried, "Bawlelot! Bandelot!" They were infinitely astonished to find their young chief, whom they expected to find fast bound in prison, surrounded by women in ball dresses, dressed himself as tlioy lind never bo fore seen" him. The first question the Count asked was: T" Have you been to the dovecoto?" "Yes," said ono of them; "and when we found you were not.thorc wo made short work: of tho dovecote. It will shcltor no moro birds ~chouans or pigeons." .. ."If it ho so," said Baudelot drawing his sword " I am released from my parole by rescue. Thank you, my comrades.*' Then ho took off his hot. 11 Lady,*' ho said in his awcet voico, " receive the humblo thanks of your lato captive." After that.ho asked for a carriage. ".Therein onio at tho door, Captain," said one of his chbuans.. " It was to have taken you to Nantes, wo wore told by tho muster of tho runn- j sion." * . j llaudclot turned and saw Hamelin tied by tho same rbpcs(that had before confinod him. . Captain Uumelin," lie said instantly, " ono ; good turn deserves anotheronly 'instead of untying tho ropes let mo cut them, that they may novor bo used again to bind a prisoner." Then sooing that Klcunor, who hud almost fainted, wipi recovering, ho continued: J' Cuutuiu Hamelin, theso times of blood and d[gcoru uro ^tle tjuttablo for marriage. A bridal, as we sco, • may be postponed in the n\prmn£ by' a prisoner^ to bo captured, and at night by a risitation of the enemy. Put off until' some later day the accomplishment of your marriage. See! it is the wish of the young lady. My noble demoiselle,, permit mo and.my poor chouana to rocondnct you to the Chateau do Mailly." -All tho chouana, with the carriage in their midst and their leader at their head, soon galloped off toward the sun rising. They were charmed ut their good luck in delivering their ofllcet. Poor lads I Their lives were very short. They all fell on the samo battle- field with the elder Cathulinean. Thoro were , two Catheli nenns—father and son. Both died in the good cause, us became Royalists and Christians. To die thus seemed the only happiness that in. 1 thoso.days could be offered them. : Butthoro are men who cannot get killed, and . one of these was Count "Victor Baudelot. He was in every battle of the'war, and did not leave La Vendee oven;wlion alt was over. When that time came ho married Eleanor do Mailly, with the good will and consent of Captain Hamelin, who signed the marriage contract'as a high munioipal functionary. . So, reader, ends my story. .I hope you are as well satisfied as I am with the good luck of a gay and gallant officer.: ; 