academy of music. " The Comns Clnb reproduced Mr C. A. Sherard's cleverly-written burlesque of " Fatima the Flair," at the Academy of Music last evening, tbe attend ance bring excellent in all parts of the house. Dertainiy tne Burlesque has much to commend it, inasmuch that it is foil of sparkling jokes and local hits, which are apropos to the characters and situa tions, and it is but due to the author to say that "Fatima" went much livelier and quicker than the burlesque of tbe previous evening. Tbe cast was as follows Hymen, Mr A. B. Dimelow; Bluebeard, Mr C. A. Sherard ; Tweedledum, Mr J. B. Pearson; Kootoo and Bendnee, Masters P. and R. Lewis ; Sriim, Miss Florence Lewis ; Sidi (first time), Mr F. Shewring ; Mormonetta, Mr O. W. Sherard ; Gulnare, Mr B. M. Lewis ; Fatima the Fair, Miss Blanche Lewis; Anaide, Mrs Markham Lewis ; Heptibah, Zoe, and Lallah Bookh (ghosts of Bluebeard's, wives), Messrs Kirby, W. H. Pearson, and Wilkinson ; ladies of the harem, Cariotta, Toeili, Wattle Fitzallen, May Boston, -Lucy Norvillee, &e.; ; witches, Greeks, Turks, and Bulgarian, atrocities. Mr A. B. Dimelow (Hymen) was, as usual, ah" excellent representation of the character, and got, through Ida part writ, and the same may be said of Mr C. A. Sherard aa Bluebeard. . Mr F. Shewring appeared, for the. first., time .as Sidi, and was re warded with a well-merited encore for one of his songs. Mia Lewis and her accomplished daughters weri, of course, the principal attractions as Aruide, Selim, and Gulnare. The double hornpipe between Florence and Blanche fairly brought down the house, and it had to be repeated after several recalls. Mormonetta, tbe witch, was well played by Mr C. W. Sherard, and altogether the performance was a success, spectacularly and pecuniarily. We under stand that the clnb has several melodramas in rehearsal, which- will be produced shortly, and have no doubt that in this tine it will prove quite aa successful as in burlesque, aa the club com prises many members who have nndonbtedly shown theypossess histrionic abilities. 