THE NOVELIST. THE LAST OFHISTRI BE; OR, THE GHOST of THE GRANGE. A TRUE NARRATIVE OF IIAMILTON. (Br P Tamctws.) " Ther are more thipnga to eaven and earth. Iloratlo, i . . . Thana are dreamt ofin your philosophy." -SUAX5PEABL. CirAPTER XI." "There are swift hours in life:-trong rush uig hours-- That do the work of tempests ton their mellht." Verylittle pas esd between tas on the journey to the. bottom of my garde.ln, the rain 'hving.ovett*?ken 'se; and the utouru bhot.i? ;T?,i.' I , -..I.:'-.t..na C,. treasured bones whichl hbd oaused s.o much uneasiness, and handed them to Sandy in solemn silence. 1I, gave Sandy the 'good bye at tihe gite,' and in a latteribg 'volee, he spoke as follows: ' PoorGundie l' and the tears rolled down hsle black -face, ' his bones may now rest in .pilenoe,.I shell bury. them in Mr. Wiggins' paddock, never more to remove thenm, and then am ready to meet the police; and the gallows, for the murder of the innocent and only.,whlitl.wowman who ever eatetded true kindness and friendship to me and my.fellow blaokfellows.'.. Just .then, a noise of srone one singing in the distance arrested our ears. "We both listened attentively. Thatiaolee " We listened more atten. tively. :: lowrdirge of asong, some tbingl Iik the. gait of theb nahee we read ?bont, ins plainly addible. It was aplainlive. Irish ballad, sung by' a .womsj ancd t he f.llowing 'onbluding' strallwas well articulated:-'? "Oh, thenJoltuny if you murder me "You'll meet the judge's frowut . "M Inaoconce will eIuely smito ".Your,'gojty conecloao down ' 'That's-t le wilth's voice,'-I said, lookin~gat Shady with tlingo of die truet./ .. '. ' Netr,' ho'ehid, anl he fell on his right'ktee. 'I swear by all in 'this enaiad bag she now lien ini the bottom' of the Grango Creek,' And lhe kissed the bi-with Gundie'scbonee. I could not doubt his sincerity in this:matter, nthlougllh.a was 'a con foesed aturdertr: eo,wd both listened with feelings of suespicin mixed with doubt. 'The voice weea certninly the wltch's, and it drew neoaer and 4mt nonretr. 'I never .dld.beliovo in ghostsa but when sSandy spoke, as. follows, I 5ou fasg to a certain stlnollt or tnt.s..,e. . 'Oh, masterl that is her ghost! What will we do? Take me with you till morning. Murderers only can identify these unearthly monsthra. It is herl There she ist - She sees us. She is coming this way. 'Let us run.' .1 was stupidly frightened, and was about to say something when I turned to Sandy and he was gone!! My only remaining spark of chivalry now for sook me, and I made off at top speed. * J'o shall-see a spirit to-night or commit murder, shall you,' she lhouted. ' Go, divulge your secret, or hide thy head in shame, for I am determined to watch you to-night.' I remembered and recognised my own words which I had uttered that day when she 'liid read my fortune, and now I saw all. The prediction was fulfilled. It was her spirit. The consciousness made my step falter, and I 'suddenly became aware that ' the apparition was in hot pursuit. I felt an unearthly hand on my sh'oulder,-all sense of life left me,-and I swooned. CiAnPTn XII.. "There Is a pure'and l~tvenly ray, That brishlOa. shine" in darkest day, When earthly beams are quenobod for aye; e: 'Tis lit by'0od.', Three days afterwards, I found my self in bed surrounded by a' host of anxious friends, all in wild specula tion, wonderink what malady. had, be, fallen me. I was immediately made aware that I. had been picked up un conscious and drenched, at the bottom of the garden, by a woman, and had lain for three days in a most feverish and alarming state of delirium, talking nothing but disconnected epithets of ghosts, bones, crimes, and murders. When 'I 'liad regained my wonted composure, I enquired who had found me, and, I was informed that it was Mrs. Tone, the fortune.teller; and' that only for her I would have been out all night In a fierce and' alarming thbitlerstorrm. r 3(rs., Tonel' 'said I,!i . surprise., 'Are you suiie?' . "'Ye, and'heie. she Is coine to see you.' And sure enough there she was. After a few soothing words from her other-times roughlmonth, the dame as sured mo of soon being well. , You got afraid of me the other night,' she whispered, 'but I intended to watch you that you should do no harm. I brought you home carefully, but 'did not divunlge.' ": I was choked for speech. I looked in amazement, and first doubted my reason; then doubted everything and everybody I know. 'Hush!' demanded thewrinkled witch whose face I eagerly scanned, to ascer tain "whether aho were 'n spirit or a goblin 'damin'd Then rin. symtpa thetic assurance shp addeod, ' You are not to speak-rest, soothing rest is thy prescription. But if you promise to lie quietly, I will; beguile a few moments by reading the .Spectator.' I nodded assent, my momentary conclusion being a 'certainty that Sandy's tale had tsado "perplexity doubly perplexed.' After harnessing her .sibyl-like nose with a pair of Brazilian binoculars, }ine prophetess ran her fiery eyes over the local broandsheet, and anchored them on a 'Coroner's Inqifest," which she read'as follows:- , . 'An inquest was held yesterday at the Caledonian Hotel, on. the body of Mrs. B., sister to Mrs. T., of this town, which body was found by some boys, whilst bathing hi. the Black water hole,, with the ;hands tied nlal1 a huge stonee tntineed tdits neck. Eit. dence was given,, shlowing that :de ceased was of qcctnrito httats,.andIthe i JUay..ut,'irned a vedict of "anieo-.lO-, whilst of unsound mindl."' Pitovidence- immediately illuminated the darkness -of my perplexity, and a ray of light whisperod truly in m7 ear, 'Sandy has killed the wrong woman. his murderous excitement dbfeating his identityl' Then I reflected that he had con. feesetd to me that Mrs.. Tono's hend was strangely rolled in a ied shawl, 'Oh! 'Sandy, will it' soothe your aching heIart to know that you have' barbharously murdered 'the' most innca cent of all-Mrs. B3.,' I thought to myself, but elected that Sandy him self should be left to make the matter known to the world. Within a 'fe days of thil disclosure, and, prhbably 'before the " woman's death resoahed hbr; murderer's ears, Sandy HaUnilton, was reported by the a1am. Spec. to' have rolled 'frm his maimai into the fire, whilstin' .astate of intoxioation,,.where he was burned to death. I N; Nthi'ig 'will 'satisfy me, however, hott that the poor fellow, smlitten with a remoreelnl -heart for his ,iniquities, searifloed his body to tiei fimues, .i 'plferenoe "to hanging dn na publio gallows." And what occasion was there for me to ihnpliester myso!e by. disclosing my knowledge of thie affair, to gratify the morbid sensibililles of a goslpin' puhlio-espoeinily when the law Iail been defeated Ity the demnise of tha 'ioear darky who was more unfortunate than guilty. Not an ltorilhise naw lshaunts tht Grange, Sandy Hlaeilton hsving made hti esit; end nothing can thwart. mty dl?holief ain, spirits but an ittorv-wit with thie ghbist:of 'Thle Last of 'it. 'IiTrbhl ? ' 5its Rai. 