^HJS SUPERHATURAMST, GHOSTS. GHOSTS properly considered are among the most interesting subjects in the whole animal kingdom. They are nocturnal creatures of no sex, no name, and no weight. There are no beings so universally distributed; and yet none of whose habits, ways, and manners, we are in such utter ignorance. It is always in the dark that they may be seen; and then the observer instead of making the most of his limited opportunity, usually, covers his head up in the sheets, and allows the golden chance to pass. Ghosts are of a friendly and sociable disposition. They like to cheer the lonely hours of wives when their husbands are absent from home, and they hover in troops round the pillows of young girls and elderly maidens. People with bad consciences and disturbed digestion are always "at home" to ghosts, and if both conscience and digestion are out of order they will never leave one for an hour alone. It is much more amusing for the visitors than for the host when the unbidden guests muster in force. They interrupt a solitary sitter in the rudest manner; peep over his shoulder, and read down line by line with him the book that he is reading; get between him and the page he is writing; flit hither and thither through the room, and then with footsteps as soft as the fall of a snow-flake, but still audible to the haunted one, glide away on voyages of exploration through the house. The commonest and best known description of ghost, is a tall impalpable figure, clad in a white dress that sweeps the floor and completely covers the head and face, and which emits a sort of phosphoric light that enables one to see it in the thickest dark. Its touch is icily cold, and causes the person with whom it comes in contact to shiver violently, and to be covered with what is vulgarly known as goose flesh. It used formerly to carry chains about it that clanked as it went through the house ; but the Australian ghost has quite given up those ornaments, and we never know when to expect it till it stands in the room beside us. Sometimes ladies are in doubt as to whether the noises they hear about the house at night are caused by ghosts or burglars, and the speculations they indulge in till the question is set at rest are of a deeply interesting character. Locking the doors and securely fastening the windows may be a slight protection against the latter, but the former laugh to scorn such a material barrier to their entrance. And then a lady doesn't like the idea of being locked up by herself all alone in the room with a ghost. No one has ever been able to say where ghosts roost in the day time, or how they amuse themselves when they are not engaged in frightening women and children into fits. Some people believe that they place themselves at the service of spiritists and table turners, while there are others who laugh at the idea. Mr. Poster, the Davenport Brothers, and other professors of the supernatural, have netted considerable Bums of money by declaring that they had a menagerie of ghosts broken in to obey their commands. My own impression is that they are too shy .ever to be made of use to man, or turned into articles of commerce. They would lose all their terrors if it were possible to tame them. I'd as soon believe iu seeing lions and tigers domesticated for mouse catching purposes, as ghosts educated into running errands and playing tricks at the bidding of show men. Let them show us the creatures if they want us to credit them. I don't suppose that any one is particularly anxious to hunt up ghosts even in the day time ; but if so, the place to look for them is in unused garrets, and the recesses of dusty old cupboards where cast-off clothes and forgotten odds and ends lie mouldering. A short time ago I had occasion to search for a paper in a box that hadn't been opened for years. The first ghost that I sprung rose with a whirr out of the pocket of a forgotten waistcoat. It had been lying in the recesses of a note written fifteen years ago, containing an invitation for me to go to a pleasant bachelor supper of a friend who was going to be married. The supper, his marriage, and his death within a twelvemonth were all brought befora me. His name is forgotten by all but a few: his wife married again in a little while ; and I suppose the poor ghost thought it would be more welcome with me than elsewhere. But that it was there, I hadn't the slightest doubt. Then as I got in among the old papers, and turned over bundles of letters from forgotten correspondents, peeped into diaries written in a forgotten period of my existence, and saw receipts for a long-forgotten expenditure, the ghosts rose in clouds around me. If they had been unanimous, as Curran said of the fleas, they could have carried me off; but, poor things, all they did was to hover around me, wring their hands, and sigh. I made short work of that box, I can tell you, when I found the paper I looked for. The kitchen chimney took fire with the blaze the old letters made, and a score of ghosts were sent abroad to seek for A new resting place. I know several amusing anecdotes about ghosts, but they have all appeared in print before. The two following are true, original, and supernatural; but they have the disadvantage of not being horrible. I give them merely as an experiment. If I can educate the public taste up to a liking for the supernatural without the horrible, I may be induced to contribute a series of these fables, each one of which will contain a moral of a valuable nature. An expression of opinion on the part of subscribers to this journal as to the value of the idea is respectfully invited. ANECDOTE OF A DETERMINED HEN.—A domestic hen found an emu's egg in the bush close to where she roosted. Determined to hatch the unborn chicken it contained or die in the attempt, she sat upon the gigantic egg with the persistency of the Speaker presiding at an iron hand debate. After three weeks had passed, her husband gravely remonstrated with her, and implored her with tears in his eyes to desist. " Look here, old man," said she, " I said I'd hatch that egg, and I'm going to keep my word. I've got another day's sitting in me, and I'll spend it where I am." At the end of the twenty-second the hen died from exhaustion, and the husband as he strutted away to seek another partner thus exclaimed (Moral):— told her so ! Serve her jolly well right! What did she want to go and hatch a bird that would have been such a size for ?" ANECDOTE OP A SPELLING BEE.—A silkworm whose education had been neglected was invited to spend the evening out with a spelling bee. " I can spell anything," said the bee proudly. "That's what I'm for." " Bet you a yard of silk to a blob of honey," replied the silkworm, "that you won't spell the word I'm thinking of now in three offers." "Done !" cried the bee ! " And done," cried the silkworm. " Now, tell me what the word is," said the bee, "and you'll see whether lean spell it or not." "Oh ! no," replied the uneducated silkworm, "I never said I'd tell you what it was!" Moral: IS ever bet you can spell a word till you hear what it is. 