DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) The Very Rev. Dr. Backhaus, Y.G., celebrated Mass at eleven o'clock, at St. Kilian's, on Sunday, and also preached an excellent sermon from the gospel of the day. In announcing that a collection would then be made in aid of the school fund, he reminded the congregation, that State aid would be withdrawn from St. Kilian's Capitation School at the end of this year, and they would have to support their school themselves. He trusted that they would be more liberal in the future than they had been in the past, and he referred to the necessity which would then arise of having the Christian Brothers up to conduct their schools. At whatever sacrifice, they were bound to keep their schools open, and they would do it too. At Vespers there was a very large congregation assembled to hear the Very Rev. Nicholas Crane, O.M.J., brother of his Lordship the Bishop, preach. Those who came in the hope of hearing a good, eloquent sermon, were not disappointed, for the veiy rev. gentleman is an excellent preacher. He has a clear, powerful voice, which, though not loud, was distinctly heard all over the church; he was earnest and impressive in his manner, and handled his subject with great skill. The text he preached from was St. John x., 11.—"I am the Good Shepherd; the Good Shepherd giveth His life for His sheep." These, he said, were the words by which our Divine Lord gave expression to the extent of the love for us with which His sacred heart waB filled. He was more eager to gain our hearts by love than our respect by the manifestation of His power in thunder and lightning. Now we only see the goodness of a loving God—"I am the Good Shepherd, and the Good Shepherd lays down His life for His sheep."' We are the sheep of the fold of Jesus Christ. He did that for us which a shepherd never before had done for his flock; He laid down His life for us: He is ever ready to give us a helping hand in our need. But it will not profit us to know that Christ is the'Shepberd of our souls, and that He is ready to give us any grace which we require, unless we are obedient to His voice, if we wish to be numbered amongst the sheep of His fold. What are the qualities which a good shepherd should possess ? He should know his flock, and should have a constant watch over them; he should follow after a strayed sheep and should bring it back into his flock. Such are the characteristics which the good shepherd should possess ; and who ever possessed these characteristics in such a pre-eminent degree as Christ did ? What shepherd ever loved his flock as Christ did? What shepherd ever exposed himself to such dangers as Christ had done for us ? Our Divine Saviour, being the Eternal Son of the Eternal Father, equal unto Him in all Divine perfections, He is omnipotent and omniscient. He knows as well what will happen a thousand years hence as if it was occurring just at this moment. He knows everyone of us, and all our weakness and our end. Nothing is incomprehensible to Hun; all our words and the temptations by which we are encompassed on every side. He is not satisfied with simply knowing the number of sheep in His fold j- but the knowledge which He has of us induces HiiTi to love us. He says, "As the Father knows • me and as I know the • Father, so He lays down His life for the sheep. It was the love which the Blessed Trinity had for us which caused them to send down our Blessed Lord for the salvation of our souls. He had given His life on Mount Calvaiy, and He has risen from the dead for our justification; and He has opened thereby the gates of Heaven, which sin had closed against us. He died in order to give us life. To walk in-the ways which God -would have us walk we need life and strength. It is onie of the qualities ? of. a good shepherd that he should lead his flock into good pasture lands. What are the good pasture lands-into which Christ has led His-flock ? ' They are His -teachings and the teachings of His Church, and the sacraments bywhich we are restored to the grace ofGod after we have bad the misfortune to ioBe it by 'sin.: He has brought us up into these rich pasture ands. To His apostles he said, "Go, teach all nations." We need not fear anything if we listen to the teachings of the Church and are obedient to them, for she is as infallible as God Himself; that Church is endowed with the sam e authority to teach which God Himself possesses. Christ tells His apostles "to go forth and baptise all nations in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." While we are united with that Church which they founded, we need not fear anything, if we are only faithful to her teachings, and we shall merit what Christ died to purchase for us. While we have her to guide us, though we should walk in the shadow of death, we shall not fear anything. He is ready to come to us in the time of need. He gives Himself to us for our food, and to be our strength. He has left us nothing less than His own sacred body and blood. How comes it then that we are so indifferent ? Why is it that we allow weeks and months and years to pass by without once going to partake of what the Shepherd of our souls has prepared for us ? It is because we are indifferent to the voice of the Good Shepherd. He assists us in all our difficulties; He is present with us at the time of our death ; and then, when the enemy stands by ready to take possession of our souls, He is there to help and to strengthen us against his assaults. Our only hope then is in listening to the voice of the Good Shepherd. Woe to them who do not heed His voice. His graces have been pursuing them perhaps for many years, and yet they are deaf to the voice of Him who alone can give them peace arid gladness and eternal happiness hereafter. "Other sheep I have which are not of this fold; them voice, and there shall be one fold and one shepherd." In these words you see it is the wish of Christ that all His sheep should be united under the one fold and shepherd. When one of his sheep^A strayed, you see how He would tt'fofy, into the desert to seek for it, ana 'when He had found that lost sheep He would carry it back, and bid His faithful sheep rejoice with Him that He had found the sheep which was lost. Ay, He is at this moment pursuing some sinner who has gone astray from Him for many weeks, months, or years. How long will you refuse to listen to the voice of the Good Shepherd ? How long will you refuse to go and cast yourselves into the arms of Jesus Christ—those arms which are so willing to embrace all those who are ready to cast themselves into them? " Come to me," He says, "all ye that are heavily laden, and I will refresh you." There is no peace for the wicked whilst tliey are estranged from Christ. Be not any longer deaf to the voice of the Good Shepherd. You have but to return unto Him and you shall not be refused entrance to His fold. It may be that you have gone forth into the wicked world like the prodigal son into a strange land. You have gone forth into a land of sin, and have mingled with wicked companions, and there you have spent all your goods, and those merits which you brought with you; you have been multiplying your sins, and you have no one to console you in your desolate condition. He alone can give peace to your mind. Everywhere we see Him ready to take the part of those who are willing to return to His fold. Everywhere He takes the part of the sinner. If there.be any one among you who is laden with sin, will you refuse to listen to His voice? Will you refuse these loving invitations ? Go to Hiin all ye that are heavily burdened, and He wll refresh you. Go to the feet of the minister of Jesus Christ, avail yourself of those Bacraments which He has provided for you, and remove the burd® from your souls, and they will ag® become pure and spotless. Secure for yourselves, these graces. " I know my sheep, and my sheep know me." knows that we are wandering in an! that the devil goeth about as a roarmg lion, seeking whom he may- devour; but God shall be our strength—for if we caU upon the Shepherd of our souls, He ww give- us strength and grace. But He says, "My sheep know me." We know our Divine-Saviour, too, otherwise it will not profit us to know that He u the Prophet of our souls. We. mi® know our Blessed Lord to be the Eternal Son of the Eternal Father, and that ,J« is infinite in all perfections, and that tie will take compassion upon us P 0^' sinful creatures. This is what ow Divine Saviour, has been unto us;w® must know; and thank God that,,£Le became A man in order to open for gates of Heaven, which .sin had against-ius... We must know,-also, there is no grace which , we require ^®' God will give it to us.i God will oomew us, nomafcter bow great .out sins, or»°, violent <mr passions,difweare,fait¥w, s c&lling; upon ourDivine Lordj time of trial-He will be with,us.. ^ ^ Do we hear His v®® 01 It is not enough to hear His voice; but we must follow after it. He speaks to us by j£ s ministers. The ministers of God have been constituted by Him- to give us advice, and to protect us against the attacks of our enemies. We must then listen to their voice as to the voice of Jesus Christ Himself. Again God speaks to us by the -whisperings of His Divine Spirit, speaking to our hearts, and if we refuse to listen to that voice, speaking to our consciences, we are refusing to listen to the voice of God. Then, again, good to us by example. -We may inow some among us who are trying to serve God with more'fidelity than we do. They speak to us. After all, what is this •world to us P "What shall it be to us when, in a few years, all things shall pass away from onr Jgrasp ? Let us be obedient to the voice of the Good Shepherd, our loving God and Saviour. It is only in the fulfilment of His commands that we can procure for ourselves true peace of mind. When the Good Shepherd speaks .to us by the voice of our Holy Mother, the Church, let us reverence her teachings, and then we shall know the <Jood Shepherd, and be His obedient children; and after having known Him and loved Him here upon earth, we shall merit to be united to Him eternally in The Bev. Father Davey has almost quite recovered from his recent illness. wangaeatta. (From o Correspondent.) On Sunday last a meeting of the Catholicsof Wangaratta was convened by Father Egan, to take steps for the continuance in operation of St. Patrick's school, capitation allowance having been withdrawn from it the previous week. True to their SBual Catholic and patriotic instincts, the people mustered in large numbers, and at once decided that on no consideration should the school be allowed to fall through. Promises of annual support were at once made in the room to the extent of about £150—one gentleman, Mr. Meighan, giving £20. A collection committee was appointed to at once canvass the town and district, and with every prospect of -the most complete success. The Catholics here are as one, that on no account should their school be allowed to be closed. A few years since they built a tchool, St. Patrick's iJSall, at a cost of about £1500, and not content now with i withdrawing aid therefrom the Educa- I tion department have, without a moment's warning, taken over to the new State ! school every one of the Catholic teachers. This is for the time being embarrassing, but it is to! be hoped that Father Egan, | who advertises in the Advocate this week I will be successful in obtaining the services of a thoroughly competent master I or mistress. 