News of the Week. WE are reluctantly obliged through want of space to omit the Parliamentary and some other news, already in type. Messrs Stanbridge and Co., of Kooba, have given delivery of 6000 ewes sold by them to Mr Swift. These sheep are now travelling up the river en route for Tumut. A large fire occurred on Friday night at Bowen. The Commercial Hotel and five houses were destroyed, value at £5000. OUR changes of temperature are remarkable. On Friday last the weather was decidedly warm, but on the following evening it was positively cold, and many folks were seen with warm clothing on. Sunday was warm, the thermometer registering 90º in the shade; Monday was cloudy nnd very close, and in the afternoon a splendid rain fell for some hours, gladdening the hearts of farmers, graziers, and all. Since then, however, the atmosphere has been warm as before. WE are glad to learn that John Jarvis is determined to fetch the pure element from the river itself and not from the creek, which is more or less the grave yard of putrid cattle. We wish him every success. THE advocates of the Public School system of education will be pleased to learn that since the present teacher, Mr Hooworth, succeeded to the charge of the Gundagai school, the number of scholars in daily attendance is double that during the last few weeks of the past year. THE Police are determined to carry out the instructions they have received for the preven- tion of travelling cattle or sheep remaining on the Gundagai flats to the injury of the towns- people and district. Last week Mr Jenkins brought a mob of 8000 sheep through, but they arrived late at night and left early in the morning, so the police rightly regarded their trespass not sufficient to warrant a summons being taken out. We are glad to see our sergeant using discretion as well as vigilance. We can assure our purveyors of meat that as long as they kill fat cattle they will have the support of those who can appreciate good feeding, whilst that class of the community who regard fat cuts us wasteful can return to that happy state of parsimony and live in enjoyment on the smell of an oil rag. We have hitherto had occasion to complain of very inferior meat in Gundagai, but a change has come over the shadow of our dream, and this week we have been regaled with some splendid joints. Everyone who has visited the markets of Smithfield and even taken a glance at some of the lending butchery establishments of Mel- bourne knows the difference between a stringy bark and a marble-grained sirloin of beef. AN old resident of the district, Mr Daly, aged 86, died last Saturday and was buried on Monday in the Gundagai cemetery; several neighbours paid respect to his memory by fol- lowing his remains to the grave, where the Catholic service was impressively read. Mr Daly has for many years resided in the neigh- bourhood of Nangus. ACTIVE operations are being carried on in Mr Sells's paddock, Jones' Creek. Two shifts of men are engaged in sinking the old shaft, which has been cleared of water, to a further depth, in the hopes of striking a good payable layer of wash-dirt. By boring operations a very fair prospect of alluvial gold has been obtained, and sanguine hopes are expressed by many that the present sinking operations will open out a payable field for industry. 8000 sheep belonging to Mr Jenkins of Nangus crossed the bridge on Friday travelling towards Shaking Bog for pasturage. On Monday a small mob of horses belonging to Messrs Robertson of Mimosa passed through Gundagai bound for Toomooroomah. 1500 sheep crossed on Monday en route for Tumut. ALL the Holden girls, four in number, are dead, the father alone is left. GOLD has been discovered in Stawell (Vic- toria), at the depth of 1100 feet. IN the Assembly on Tuesday the Minister for Lands appeared in his place and defended himself against the charges of corruption made against him by Messrs McElhone and Taylor, disproving their statements and showing that the appointment referred to had been made weeks before the banking question came on. At the same time he confessed that there was ground of complaint as to his conduct at Mel- bourne. THE laying of the foundation stone of the church at Mundarlo took place on the 26th inst., and was laid by Mr W. Bootes, the church to be known in future as St. Peter's. A great many persons witnessed the interesting ceremony, and prayers and lessons appropriate to the occasion were read by the Rev. S. B. Holt, the Vicar. The customary bottle was then laid under the, stone, and contained a scroll with the following inscription: "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. By the grace of God, the foundation stone of this church, dedicated to the worship of the ever-blessed Trinity, to be called the church of St. Peter, was laid by Mr W. Bootes, of Mundarlo, on Friday, the 26th January 1877, being the 40th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the thirteenth year of the Epis- copate of the right Rev. Mesac Thomas, D.D. Lord Bishop of Goulburn, His Excellency Sir Hercules G. R. Robinson being Governor of the colony, the Rev. S. B. Holt being vicar of the parish, and Mr James Tilsley the contrac- tor for the building of the church." In ad- dition to the scroll the bottle contained copies of the 'Gundagai Times,' the 'Australian Churchman,' and the 'Protestant Standard.' The church, which in its erection will cost £291, is to be built of brick, and when completed will afford accommodation for 120 persons, but this amount will not include the plastering of the edifice, or the erection of a chancel, neither of which work form part of the present contract. About £25 was laid upon the stone during the ceremony of the laying of the foundation. ON Monday last an accident occurred to Mr James McGrath on the road from Adelong to Jackalass. He was engaged at the time in driving some horses, when the horse he was on stumbled and fell, throwing Mr McGrath rather heavily and causing a fracture of the collar bone. The sufferer came into Gundagai, and under the care of Dr. McKillop is getting all right. Mr RUSSEL, during the past week, met with a mishap which might have resulted seriously. He was driving his cart along the road when bis horse shied or bolted, musing him to be pitched out upon his head. Mr Russell had his head laid bare by the accident, the scalp being turned back, but Dr. McKillop being shortly in attendance replaced it in its original position, and we are glad to say Mr Russell sustained no further hurt. WE have received the first copy of the 'Coramundra Herald' a new weekly organ published in that locality. It is well printed, and has its share of useful infor- mation. We hope it may prove a success in itself and of use to the district. FRIDAY last witnessed the interment of a much be- loved and respected resident Mrs Charles Hayes, of Adelong Crossing, and the many neighbours and friends who attended her to her last earthly home testified by their presence and sorrow the high appreciation in which slip bad been held. Her last illness has been of a long duration, as since the time she lost herself in the bush when looking for a straying child, and re- mained for many hours exposed to the bitter cold of a winter's night, she has been a confirmed invalid. True and consistent even to death in her maternal and domestic duties, she has sought as a true Christian that bourne from whence no traveller returns, leaving many sorrowing friends and bereaved relations to de- plore her early loss. ANNIVERSARY DAY passed off very quietly, a few shops closed entirely, others were half open their pro- prietors being apparently anxious to mark the day but afraid to lose the chance of making a few shillings. No amusements of any sort characterised the day's proceedings. THE Rev. Mr McKinnon of the Presbyterian Church Tumut, and the Rev. Mr Weston, the Wesleyan Minister, of Adelong, both held services in Gundagai on Sunday last. AN accident occurred to the Wagga coach on Monday between McKay's and Murrumbateman. A boy jump- ing off a fence by the roadside suddenly as the coach was passing frightened the horses so that they swerved towards some stumps. George Lee was endaavouring to control the affrighted animals when the rein broke, and they turned round and upset the coach. The driver remained some time insensible. Mr. Frederick. Barnes was lamed, and a lady seriously injured. Mr Lee, the road manager, as usual was at the scene of the accident as if by magic. THE steamer Singapore arrived on Tuesday at Cook- town from Hongkong with over 400 Chinese, and re- ports that the London wool sales, which closed on De- cember 3rd, will long be remembered for the rapid and enormous advance in prices. All sorts closed at highest quotations, and there is every indication that wool will be consumed on a large scale. A VERY peculiar sort of epidemic attacked the visitors at Mundarlo races the other day. A great many people assembled and host Beaver's house was well patronised. About midday every one complained of cramps, sickness, &c.;, in fact all the symptoms attendant on English Cholera. Strong and hearty men, temperate in their habits, were literally prostrated with pain and sick- ness, and the village represented a hospital more than a raco gathering. Numerous surmises were afloat as to how this sickness arose, but of course it took everyone so much by surprise that nothing definite can be gather- ed about it. Mr Henry Harris, one of the sufferers, interviewed us the other day and his account of the affair leads us to think it must have been from the effect of mineral poisoning, but at any rate, whatever may have caused the illness, every one we have seen on the subject is loud in their praises of the kindness of Mr and Mrs Beaver who, deep in the expression of their regrets, exerted themselves to the utmost to help everyone and render every assistance in their power. The mishap marred the enjoyment of the day and we are sorry caused much inconvenience pain, and un- pleasantness. A land sale took place at the Court-house, Gundagai, on Wednesday, January 31st, when lot E of 37 acres in the parish of Kimo was add at the upset price to Mr J. Robinson, and lot B of 40 acres in the parish of Wantabadgery, was sold at the upset price to Mr W. O. Windeyer. IN our advertisement columns it will be seen that Dr. McKillip will, as Government vaccinator, be at the service of the public on Saturdays. No charge is made for children, if they are brought in to him a second time, that he may certify the vaccine has taken. Families should embrace this opportunity of establishing a safe guard against small-pox. THE following selections were taken up at the Gundagai Land-office yesterday:— Michael Thomas Carberry, 100a, Chidowla Michael Dwyer, 40a, Cooney Joshua Bushell sen. 47a, Nangus Walter Hoare, 68a, Coolac John Glasscock, 50a, North Gundagai Chas. Williams, 40a, Kimo Wm. Hobart Smith, 56a, Burra Francis Goodwin, 640a, Cooney Francis Lloyd jun., 600a, Bondarbo George Manwaring, 300a, Bondarbo. 