? Utnten lit plpstojjijftlcs. The Indescribable, Here It is done : TUo Woman- Soul leadetli us Upward and on !" (Continued.) —Second Part of Fault. GLADTS, clad in a quaint costume of tar- Dished grey and silver damask, singing in " the sweet voice of a bird"— "Turn, Fortune, turn thy wheel, and lower the proud; Turn thv wild wheel through sunshine, storm and cloud; Thy wheol and thee we neither love nor hate. " Turn, Fortune, turn thy wheel Jwith smilo and frown; With that wild wheel wo go not up nor down; Our hoard is little, but our hearts are groat. ' Smile and wc smile, the lords of many lands ; Frown and we smile, the lords of our own liandB ; For man is man and master of his fate. " Turn, turn thy wheel above the staring crowd; Thy wheel and thou art shadows in the cloud; Thy wheel and thee we neither love nor hate." Thero was something inexpressibly touoh. ing in the way Gladys gave the words, which had such significance addressed to those who listened so intently, that they nearly forgot to pay the tribute which all actors, the gre 'test, the least, desire, when the eurtain dropped, and the song was done. " A oapital idea of Olivia's, and beautifallv carried out. This promises to be pleasant;" and Helwyze fat erect upon the divan, where Cansris came to lounge beside him. " Which comes next ? I don't remember. If it is Vivien, they will have to skip it, unless they oall you in for Merlin," he said, talking gaily, beoause a little oonsoienoestricken by- the look Gladys wore, as she sung, with her eyes upon bim, " Our hoard is little, but our hearts are great." " Tuev will not want a Merlin ; for Gladys eould not act Vivien, if she would," answered Helwyze, tapping restlessly as be waited. ,, "Sue said she could do 'anything' tobight; and, upon my life, sbe looked as if •he might even begnile you,' mighty master,' of your strongest spell." " She will never try." But both were mistaken; for, when they looked again, the dim ligbt showed a dark and hooded shape, with glittering eyes and the semblance of a flowing, hoary beard, leaning half-hidden in a bower of tall shrabs from the conservatory. It was Olivia, as Merlin ; and, being of noble proportions, she looked the part excellently. Upon the wizard's knee eat Vivien, "A twist of gold was round her hair; A robo of eamite without price, that more cxpreat Than hid her, clung about her lissome limbs, In colour like the satin-shining palm On swallows in the windy gleams of March." In any other mood, Gladys would never have consented to he loosely olad in a great mantle of some Indian fabric, which Sim- mered like woven light, with its alternate! o stripes of gold-covered silk and softest wool. tsasbf Shoulders and arms showed rosy white under the veil of hair whioh swept to her knBe, as she clung there, singing sweet and low/with eyes on Merlin's face, lips near his own, and mad upon his breast:— 11 In Love, if Love he Love, if Love be ours " Faith and unfaith can ne'er he equal powers AIL tlnfaith in aught is want of faith in all. It is the little rift within the lute That by and by will make the music mute, And ever widening, slowly silence all. '! The little rift within the lover's lute, Or little pitted speck in gamer'd fruit, That, rotting inward, slowly moulders all. ' "It is not worth the keeping: let it go: But shall it? Answer, darling, answer 'No trust me not at all or all in all.". There Gladys seemed to forget her part, and, turning, stretched her arms towards her husband, as if in mus^^luhad found' tongue to plead : Jier cafiMBh^avoluhtaiy gesture recalled to her that otEe^erse which Vivien added to her song; and something Impelled h&r; to sing it, standing erect, with face, figure, voioe all trembling with the strong emotion that suddenly controlled her:— •'.•"*'' " My name, onoe mine, now thine, is cloaelier mine, Tor fame, oould fame be mine, that fame were thine. And shame, could shame be thine, that were So tost me not at oil or all in all." Down fell the curtain there, and the two men looked at one another in silenoe for an instant, dazzled, troubled, and surprised; for in this brilliant, impassioned creature they did not. recognise fte Gladys theybelieved they knew so well. "-What possessed her to sing that P She is oo unlike hersdf, I do not know her," said Canaris, excited fay the discoveries-. he was making. " She is inspired 1 to-night; so be prepared for anything..' These women will work wonders, for thejare acting to the men thev love,'?. answered' Helwyze, warily, .yet ex^ cited also; because, for him, a double drama was passing on that little stage, and he ftraha it marvellously fascinating.' ~ •*' "Inever.knew how beautiftU she'was!" mused Canaris, half aloud, his eyes upon the blue draperies whioh hid her from his eight. " You never saw her in Buch gear before Splendour suits her present mood, as well as simplicity becomes her usual self-restraint. You have jnadaher jealous, and your: angel will jprove herself a woman, after all.'' "JU that the cause of this jsudden change in her ? Then I don't regret playing truu\ for the woman suits me better than the angel," cried Canaris, oouuious that the palb affeotlonhs had borne his wife so lonj: was already glowing with new warmthant mlopr, in spite of his seeming neglsot. " Wait till von SM Olivia aa Guinmrs. fan* rin jAwA PHV«M suspect ehe is willing to efface herself so far that she may take us by storm by aud by." llelwjzt prophesied truly; and, when next the curtains parted, the stately Queen eat in the nunnery nf. Almesbury, with the little novice at her feet. Olivia was right splendid sow, for her sumptuous beauty well became the costly stuffa in whioh she bad drapedhereelf with the graceful art of a woman whose physical loveliness washer best poeBcseion,. A trifle too gorgeous, perhaps, for the repentant Guinevere; bnt a most grand and gracious spectaole, nevertheless, aa <-he leaned in the tall carved chair, with jewulled arms lyiue languidly across her lap, and absent tyes still lull of love and longing for lost Launcolot. Gladys, la white wimple and olose-folded gown of (,'rey, sat ou a stool beside the "one low light," humming softly, her rosary fallen at her feet,— 11 tho Queen looked up, and Faid, ' 0 roaidun, if indeed you list to sing Sing, and unbind my heart, that I muy weep.' "Whereat full villingly sang the little maid, Late, lato, so late 1 and dark the night, and chill! Late, late, so late! but wc can enter still. Too late! too late I ye cannot enter now. No light had we; for that we do repent, And, learning (his, the bridegroom will relent. Too late i too Utc I ye cannot enter now. No light, so late', and dark and chill the night 1 O let us in, that we may find tho light! Too late! too late 1 ye cannot cuter now. Have we not hoard tho bridegroom is so sweet! O lotus in, tho late, to kiss his feet! No, no, too late! f ye cannot enter now." Slowly the proud bead had drooped, the stately figure sunk, till, as the last lament died away, nothing remained of splendid Guinevere but a hidden face, a cloud of black hair from which the crown had fallen, heap of rich robes quivering with the stormy sobs of a guilty woman's smitten heart. The ourtains closed on this tableau, which waB made the more effective by the strong contrast between the despairing Queen aud the little novice telling her beads in meek dismay. " Good heavens I that sounded like the wail of a loit soul I My blood runs cold, and feel BB if I ought toBay my prayers," muttered Ginaris, with a shiver; for, with biB susceptible temperament, music always exerted over him an almost painful power. "If youk&ewany;," sneered Helwyze whose eyes now glittered with something stronger than excitement. 1 I do : Gladys taught me, and I am not aBhamed to own it," iJluch good may it do you." Then, in a quieter tone, he asked," Is there any eong in EUino ?' I forget; and that is the only one we have not had." There is 'The Song of Love and Death.' Gladys was learning it lately; and, if I remember rightly, it was heart-rendiDg. I hope she will not sing it, for this sort of thing is tber too much for me ;" and Cinaria got. up to wander aimlessly about, humming the gayest airs he knew, as if to drown the sorrowful "Too late! too late!" still wailing bis ear. - By this time Gladys was no longer quite herself -. aa inwaid excitement possessed her, wild desire to sing her very heart out came over her, and a strange chill, which ehe thought a vngue presentiment of coming ill, crept through ber blood. Everything Boomed vast and awful; every sense grew painfully acute; and sbe walked aa in a dream,BO vivid, yer,BU mysterious, that she did not try to explain it even to herself. Her identity wan doubled: one Gladys moved and spoke as ehe was told—a pole, dim figure, of no interest to anyone; the other was alive in every fibre, thrilled with intense desire for something, and bent on finding it, though deserts, oceans, and boundless realms of air were Olivia wondered at her unsuspected power, and felt a little envious of her enchanting gift. But she was too absorbed in " Betting the stage," dre»eing her prima donna, and planning how to end tbe spectacle with her l avourite character of Cleopatra, to do more than observe tbat Gladys's eyes were luminous and l«rge, her face growing more and more colourless, her manner less and IBSB excited, yet unnaturally calm. " This is the list, and you have the stage alone. Do your best for Felix; then you shall reit and tie thanked," she whispered, somewhit snxiouily, as she placed Blaine in her toner, leaning against the dark screes, which was unfolded, to suggest the casement she flung back Lwben Launoelot passed below— " And glanced not up, nor waved his hand, Nor bade farewell, tat sadly rode away." The'! lily maid of Astolat" could not have looked more wan end weird than Gladys, as she stood in her tiailing'tobeB of dead white, with loosely gathered locks, hands clasped ver thfi gay bit ot tapestry whioh simulated he cover of the shield, eyes that seemed to ee something invisible to those about her, nd began her son|, in a veiled voice, at once o sad and solemn, that Helwyze held his reath, and Canarb felt as it she called him rom beyond the grave :— Sweet is true love, tko' given in vain, in vain; nd sweet is death, wao puts an end to pain; know not which is meter, no, not L ove, art thou sweet !ihon bitter death must be; Love, thou art bitter rsweet is death to me. 0 love, if death besmeter, let me die. Svreet love, tbat seeminotmade to fade away, Sweet death, that seen* to make us loveless clay, 1 know not which is eyeeter, no, not I. fain would follow lots, if-that could be; I needs must follow dath, who calls for me: Call and l follow, I follow I let me die'!" Carried beyond lelf-control by the unsuspeoted presence it tbe drug, wbieh was doing ite work withperilous rapidity, Gladys, remembering only that the last line should be sung with forpl.'and that she sung for Felix, obeyed tM%ild impulse to let her voice rise and ring-»ut with a shrill, -despairing power and paiubn, whioh • startled every listener, and echoed through the room like Elaine's unearthlyary of hapless s love and death. Olivia dropped herasp, I'' terrified; the maids stared, uncertain Aether it was acting or insanityj and Hdfew «P 8 «P aghast, fearing that he huxUred too r0D mueh. But Cauariv peeing oaj|f; the wild, woful eyes fixed oaitfs/tbe hiaU wrung as if in pain, lorgftt everything;^ Gladys, and rushed between^ £he' curtf^ exclaiming, in real tenii-j J" ' jfi. , ' " Don'W look .sot' Don t sing so I My <Jodi dhefs 3ying Hit djiog; onlf flipping fast into the lcmsoioj« Btsge W;^® haeheesh dream, wheje ool xinK non^» foretell bj»t those tome l4o ite mi n Pale and quiet she lay In bei hnsbantt toms, with half-open cveiand 4 uttering bfj*th. smiiingupat him sosfcwng5ythath«iM hemMered as Well as panic-fltricken- |M'via forgot her Cleo patra to order..-air a«W«r; the. maids flew forfaits «»(l^ne:®l»J»,»'ithdifficulty, hid hu momentoryfUmay while Canaris, almost hewSf himflttt'M bang over theeonoh Where layW« lily mwd Iboking at if slreadj drifting down to Caaeloi. 3 {Gladys 4oyonk»»®« ^ecried asa little wfonr- tape1»|«r >»P» J drtnght Oh^Vnergf^ly administered sfepenedlpaer thp smile grew biSsr^VS # hwa to bring him smed immeasorably distant. ^Fejfatl fiBtH 3 M*Hll, qmte stfll iMttytiisn - htigftoa-night." r receded, vanished, and, as she floated buoyantly away upon the first of the many oceans to be croeeed in her mysterious quest, a far off voice seemed to say, solemnly, as if in a last farewell— " Hush ! let her Bleep in peace." It was Helwyze; and, having felt her pulse, he cheerfully assured them all that she was only over-excited, must rest en hour or two, and would soon be quite bei-self again. So the brief panic ended quietly; and having lowered the lights, spread Guinevere's velvet mantle over her, and reatBured themselves that she was sleeping quietly, the women went to restore order to ante-room and hall, Canaris sat down to watch beside Gladys, aud Helwyze betook himself to tbe library. "Is she stUl Bleeping?" he asked, with unconcealable anxiety, when Olivia joined him there. " Like a baby. What a high strung little thing it is. If she had Mrenuth to bear the traiuing, sbe would make a cantatrice to be proud of, Jasper." " Ab, but she never would! Fancy that modest creature on a stage for all the world to g.ipe at. She was happiest in tbe nun's pown to- night, though simply ravishing BB Vivieu. The pretty, bare feet were most effective; but how did you persuade her to it?" " I bad no sandals as a compromise: I therefore insisted that the part must be so dressed or undressed, end sbe submitted. People usually do, when I command." " She was on ber mettle : I could Bee that; and well ehe might be, with you for a rival,. I give you my word, Olivia, if I did not know you were nearly forty, I should swear it was a lie; for ' age cinuot wither norcuBtom Btale' my handsome Cleopatra. We ought to have had that, by the by : It uaed to be your best bit. I could not be your Antony, but Felix might, he adores costuming, and would do it capitally." " Not old enough. Ah! what happy times those were ;" aud Olivia Bighed sincerely, yet dramatically, for Bhe knew she was looking wonderfully well, thrown don n uponja couch, with her purple skirts sweeping about her, and two fine arms banded with gold clasped over her dark head. Htelwyze bad flattered with a purpose. Canaris was in the way, Gladys might betray herself, and all waB not Bife yet; though in onu respect tbe experiment had succeeded admirably, for be ntill tincled with tbe excitement of the evening. Now be wanted help, not sentiment, and, ignoring the sigh, said, carelessly— '•If all obey when you insist, just make Felix go home with you. The drive will do him coo'l, for he is as nervous as a woman, and I (ball have him fidgeting about all night, unlets he forgets liia fright," But Gladys ?" She will be the better for a quiet nnp, and ready, by the 'ime be returns, to laugh at her heroics. He will only disturb her if he sits there, like a mourner at a dc-ath-bed." That sounds sensible and friendly, and you do it very well, Jasper; but I am impressed that something is amisB. What is it? Better tell me; I shall surely find it out, aud will not work in the daik. I see mischief in your eyes, and you cannot deceive me.' Olivia 1 epoke half in jest ; but she bad so often seen his face without a mask, that it was difficult to wear one in her presence. He frowned, hesitated, then fearing the wopld refufe the favour, if ho wit,held the secret, be leaned towards her and anawered in a whUper— " I gavH Gladys hasheesh, and do not care to have Fi-lix know it." Jasper! how dared you ?" " She was restlt-ss, euffrrinc for sleep. I know what tbat is, and out of pity gave her the merest taste. Upon my honour, no more than a child might safely take. She did not know what it was, and I thought she would on'y feel ite soothing charm. Sbe would, if it had not been for thiB mtBquerading. I did not count on that, and it was too much for her." Will she notsu ffer from the after-effectB ?' Not a whit, if *he is let alone. An hour hence ehe will be deliciously drowsy, and to-morrow Done the worse. I had no idea it would affect her so powerfully ; but I do not reget it, for it showed what the woman is capable of." " At your old tricks. You will never learn to let your fellow-creatures alone, till something terrible stops you. You were always prying into things, even as a boy, when I oaught butterflies for you to look at." I never killed them: Only brushed off a trifle of the gloss by my touch, apd let them go again, none the worse, except for the loss of a few invisible feathers." Ah! but tbat delicate plumage is tbe glory of tbe insect; robbed of that, its beauty is marred. No one but th«ir Maker can search hearts without harming them. I wonder bow it will fare with yoprp when He looks for its perfection ?" Olivia spoke with a sudden seriousness, a yearning look, nhich jarred on nerves already somewhat utiBtrung, and Helwyze answered in a mocking tone that silenced her effectually— " I am desperately curious to know. If I can come and tell yon, I will: such pious interest deserves that attention," " Heaven forbid !" ejaculated Olivia, with a shiver! " (Then I will not. have been such a poor ghost here, I Gu<pect I shall be glad to rest eternally when I once fall asleep, if I oan." Weary was his voice, weary his attitude, as, leaning an-elbow on either knee, he propped his chin upon his hands, and sat brooding for a moment with his eyes upon the ground, asking himself for the thousandth time the great question which only hope and faith can answer truly. Olivia rose. "You are tired; so am I. Good-night, Jasper, and pleasant dreams, But remember, no more tempering with Gladys, or Iinust tell ber husband." "1 have bad my lesson. Take Felix with yon, and .I will send Mrs. Bland to eit with her till he comes baok. Good-night, my cousin; thanks for a glimpse of the old tiflVes." Sqch words, uttered with a pressure ofMiVhaud, conquered Olivia's last scrapie, add she went away to prefer her request in a forin which made it impossible for Canarie to rauie, GladyB etill Blept quietly. The dietapoe was not long, the freth air grateful, Olivia' her kindest self, and he obeyed, believing that the motherly old woman would t^lie his plaoe as soon as certain housewifely dutiee,permitted. Then Helwyze did an evil thing—a thing fewjtinep oould or wottd have'done. He deliberately violated the sanctity of a human soijt, robbing it alike, of its most secret and mOjit precions thoughts. Hasheesh had lulled the sfeneps which guarded the treasure ; now tbe magnetism of a potent - will' foroe the reluctant lips to give up the key. ' Likg Bthief he'stole to Gladys' side, tftok m bis ihi .dimpled hands whose very childishpeiBB should have pleaded for her, and fixed hisieyes upOn the fsoe before him, fantouched toy-its helpless innocence, its unnatural expression. -The h*tb»pen ifayes were heavy aajdew-drunken violets^ the tiWeet red mouth waia set, the agitated bbiom still robe andfell; like a 1 troubled IKS ^subsiding after storm.*...• • : . ; ... So sitting, stern 'and silent as the' fate lie believed- in, Helwjce .. oohbentrated eyety. power vpon; tbe accaDplishmeht ot (be purpose to which he: bent tdslWl& JIe called WNITTSFTY; ..'ITKFTW TEVTIFAO of tbe impulse whioh drove him to this act, and dearly did he pay for it. Soon the passive palms thrilled in hie own, the breath oame faint and slow, colour died, aud life seemed to recede from the countenance, leaving a pale effigy of the woman ; lately so full of vitality. " It works! it worltB 1" muttered Helwyze lifting his head it length to wipe the dampness from his brow, and send a piercing glance about the shadowy room. Tben, kneeling down beside the couch, he put his lipB to her ear, whispering in a tone of still command— " Gliidys, do you hear me ?" Like the echo of a voice, so low, expressionless, and distant was it, tbe answer came— I hear." " Will you answer me?" "I muBt." You have a sorrow—tell it." " All is no false. I am unhappy without confidence," sighed the voice. " Can you trust no one ?" "No one here, but Felix," Yet he deceives, he does not love you." He will." Is this the hope which Buslaiu6 you ?" Yes." And you forgive, you love him otill?" " Always," "If the hope fails?" "It will not: I shall have help." "What help?" No answer now, but tbe shadow of a Binile seemed to float across the silent lips an if reflected from a joy too deep and tender for Bpeech to tell. "SpeakI what is this happinesB? The hope of freedom!'' It will come." How ?" " Wnen you die," He caught his breath, and for an instant seemed daunted by the truth he had evoked; for it was terrible, so told, so beard. " You hate me, then ?" he whisptred almost fiercely, in the ear that never shrank from his hot lips. I doubt and dread you." " Why, Gladys, why ? To you I am not cruel." Too kind, alas, too kind !" And yet you fear me ?" " G'>d help us. Yea." What is your fear?" " No, no, I will not tell it!" Some inward throe of ebame or anguish turned the pale face paler, knotted the brow, and locked the lips, as if both BOUI and body revolted from the thought thus ruthlessly dragged to ligbt. Instinct, tbe first, laBt, strongest impulse of human nature, struggled blindly to save the woman from betraying the dread wbich haunted her heart like a spectre, aud burned h"r lips in the utterance of its name. But HelwyzewaB pitiless, his will indomitable; his eye held, hiB hand controlled, his voice commanded; aud the anBwer came, so reluctantly, so inaudibly, that he seemed to divine, not bear it. What fear ?" Your love." You see, you know it, then ?" " I do not Bee, I vaguely feel; I pray God I may never know." With the involuntary recoil of a guilty joy, a Bhame as great, Helwyze dropped the nerveless hands, turned from the mutely accusing face, let the troubled spirit rest, and apked no more. But his punishment began as be stood there, fiuding the stolen truth a heavier burden than btifilnd doubt or desire bad been; since forbidden knowledge waB bitter to the taste, forbidden love possessed no sweetness, and the bidden hope, putting off its well-worn disguise, confronted him in all its ugliness. An awesome Bilence filled the room, until he lifted up his eyes, and looked at Gladys with a look wbich would have wrung her heart could she have seen it. She did not see; for sbe lay there BO still,' so white, so dead, he set-med to have scared away the soul he had vexed with hie impious questioning. In remorseful hnste, Helwyze busied himself about ber, till she woke from that sleep within a sleep, moaned wearily, closei the unseeing eyeB, and drifted away into more natural slumber, dream-haunted, but deep aud quiet. Tben he stole away as he had come, and, sending tbe old woman to watch Gladys, shut himself into his.own room, to keep a vii.il which lasted until dawn ; for all the poppies of the East could not have brought oblivion that night. XIV. IT seemed as if some angol had Gladys in especial charge, bringing light out df darkness, joy out of sorrow, good out of evil; for no harm came to her—only a great peace, wbich transfigured her face till it was as spiritually beautiful as that of some young Madonna. Waring late the next day she remembered little of the past night's events, and cared to remember little, having olearer and calmer thoughts to dwell upon, happier dreams to enjoy. She suspected Helwyze of imprudent kindness, but uttered no reproach, quite unconscious of how much she had to forgive; thereby innocently adding to both tiie relief and the remorse he felt. The doubt and dread which had risen to the surface at his command, seemed to sink again into the depths; and hope and love, to etill the troubled waters where her life-boat rode at anchor for a time. (ZV> be continued.) 