MOSES REFUTED. The subjoined ludicrous production from the New York Times is one of the best burlesques on the " scientific method" that have come under our notice. The hit at geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceedingly frail suppositious might well be extended to some learned professors in other branches of science, who have reared wonderful but unsubstantial fabrics of apparent fact solely from the "scien tific (?) uses of their imaginations ":— " A new and violent blow has just been struck at the Mosaic account of creation by the dis covery of an extremely important fossil in a coffee sack at Baltimore. In the centre of this sack was found the skull of a monkey. There can be no doubt as to the facts. The coffee was of the variety called Bio, and the skull was per fectly preserved. Let us dwell for a little upon the meaning of this discovery as interpreted by the principles of geology. The coffee>sack was twelve (say twelve and a-half) inches in diameter, and four feet in height. The skull, which lay in the middle of it, was, therefore, two feet below the surface. To suppose that the latter was violently forced into the sack, after the latter was full, would be eminently unscientific. No one imagines that the fossil birds of the Old Bed Sandstone dug down into that locality through the superincumbent strata. Nothing is more universally conceded than that fossils are always found where they belong. The animals whose remains we find in the paleozic, the meeo- Gotliic, and the Syro-Phoeuician strata, belong respec tively to those several systems. The fossil monkey skull was, therefore, deposited in the coffee-sack when the latter was half-full, and the two feet of coffee which rested .upon it was a subsequent deposit. Now, it follows from this premise that monkeys existed during the early part of the Bio coffee period. It is the opinion of most geologists that the Bio coffee period succeeded the tertiary period, and immediately preceded the preBeot period. Now, no tertiary monkeys have yet been found; but the Baltimore discovery shows that the monkeys existed asearly as the middle of the Bio coffee period, a date far earlier than any which has hitheeto been assigned to tbem. 44 We are now in a position to enquire what is the least period of time which must have elapsed since the skull of the Baltimore monkey was the property of a live and active simian. The answer to this question must be sought by ascer taining the rate at which coffee is deposited. It is the opinion of Mr. Huxley, based, upon a long and careful examination of over three hundred garbage boxes, that coffee is deposited in a ground condition at the rate of an inch in a thousand centuries, but the deposition of unground coffee is almost iufinitely slower. He has placed bags, coffee-mills, and other receptacles in secluded places, and left them for months at a time, with out finding the slightest traces of coffee in them. Although Huxley does not hazard a guess at the rate of deposition of unground Rio coffee, Pro fessor Tyndall dues not hesitate to say that it is at least as slow as the rate of deposition of tomato cans. Let us suppose, as we are abun dantly justified in doing, that 30,000,000 of years would be required to bring about the deposition of a stratum of tomato cans, one foot thick, all over the surface of the globe, an equally long period must certainly have elapsed while a foot of unground coffee was accumulating over the skull of the Baltimore monkey. We thus ascer tain that the monkey in question yielded up his particular variety of ghostB and became a fossil fully 30,000,000 of years ago. Probably even this enormous period of time is much less than the actual period which has elapsed since that monkey's decease; and we may consider our eelves safe in assigning to bis skull the age of 50,000,000 years, besides a few odd months. " In the light of this amazing revelation, what becomes of Moses and his 6,000 years ? It will hardly escape notice that he nowhere mentions Rio Coffee. Obviously,.- this omission is due to ' the fact that he knew nothing of it. But if he was unacquainted with one of the most recent formations, how can we suppose that he knew anything about the elder rocks—the-metamorphio and stereoscopic stratas F And yet it is this man, ignorant of the plainest facts of geology, and of its very simplest strata, who boldly as sumes to tell as all about the creation!" 