POETRY. GRANNY'S STORY. By Emily Huntington Miller. Yes, lads, I'm a poor old body, My wits are not over clear j I. -janft remember the day o' the week, aud scarcely the time o year. But-one thin&r; is down in iriv nwim'rv' 80 /deep it is sure to stay? It was long ago, but it all comes back As if it had happened to-day. Here. stand by the window, laddies, Do. you see away to the right — A long blaoik line on the water, Topped with a crest of white P That is the reef Defiance, Where the good ship Gaspere&u; Beat oat her life in the breakers Just fifty-six years ago. I mind 'twas a raw Thanksgiving, The sleet drove sharp as Knives, And most of here at the harbour Were sailors' sweethearts and wives. But I had a good man beiide me, And everything tidy and bright, When all of a sudden a signal Shot up through the murky night. And a single gun in the darkness Boomed over and over again. As it it bore in its awful tone The shrieks of women and men. And down to the rooks we crowded, Facing the icy rain, Praying the Lord to be their aid, Since human help was vain. . Then my good man Btooped and kissed me, And said, " It is but to die ; Who goes with me to the rescne ?" And six noble lads cried "I !" And crouching there in the tempest, Hiding our laces away, We heard them row into the blackness, And what could we do but pray ? So long, when at last we heard them Cheering faint, off the shore, I thought I had died and gone to heaven, And all my troubles were o'er. And white-faced women and children Seemed like ghosts in my sight, As the boats, weighed down to the water, Came tossing into the light. Eh, that was a heartsome Thanksgiving, With sobbing and laughter and prayers ; Our lads with their brown, dripping faces, And not a face missing from theirs. For you can never know how much dearer The one you love dearest can be, Till you've had him come back to you safely From out the jaws of the sea. . And little we cared that the breakers Were tearing the ship in their hold, There are things, if yon weigh them fairly, Will balance & mint of gold. And even the bearded captain Said, " Now let the good ship go, Sinoe never a soul that sailed with me Goes down in the Gaspere&u.;" — " Quean dander." j-- 