MOSES .REFUTED. TIIK subjoined ludicrous production from thu -ZWie York Times is ono of tito best burlesques on tho " scientific method " that have come under our notice. Tho hit at geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceedingly frail suppositions might well bu extended to Homo learned professor in other branches of science, who have reared wonderful but unsubstantial fabrics of apparent fact solely from tho " scientific (]) uses of their imagina- tions." " A now and violent blow luis just been struok at tho Mossie account of creation by tho discovery of au extremely important fosssil in a coffee-suck at Baltimore. In the centre of this sack was found the skull of a monkey. 'There cnn bo no doubt UK to tho fiiutn. Tho coiTeu was of (hq variety culled Hm, und tho »kuli vim perfectly preserved. Let us dwell for a littlo upon the menning of this discovery ns interpreted by the principles of geology. Thu colfec-siick wns IL' («ny 12J) inches in diameter, and 4 feet in height. Tile skull, which lay in thu middle of it, was there- fore 2 feet below tho surface. To suppose that it was violently forced into thc suck, niter the latter was full, would be eminently unscieutilic. No ono imagines that tho fossil birds of tho Old Med Sandstone dug down into, that locality through tho superincumbent strata, Nothing is moro universally conceded than that fossils are always found where thoy belong. The animals whoso renniins wo lind in tho rocks of tho jinheozic, the inesso-Gothic, and tho Syro-Plueincian strata, belong resiiec tively to tiloso sovoi'ul systoins. Tho fossil monkey skull was therefore deposited in tho coübe-sack when the latter wns half full, and tho two feet of coffee which rested upon it wns a subsctpient deposit. Now, it follows from this premiso that monkeys existed during tho early part of tho Kio coffee period. It is tho opinion of most geologists that tho Kio codee period succecdod thu tertiary period, anil im- mediately preceded tho present period. Now, no tertiary monkey hnvo yet been found ; but tho Baltimore discovery showed that monkeys oxisted ns'early ns tho middle of tho Bio codee period, a dato fnr earlier than any which has hitherto been assigned to thom. Wo are now in a position to inquire what is tho last period of time which must have elapsed since tho skull of tho Baltimore monkey was tho property of a live mid active simian. Tlio answer to this question must bo sought by ascertaining tho into at which coffeu is deposited. It is tho opinion of Mr. Ilnxloy, based upon a long mid careful examination of over .'Î00 garbage boxen, that uoil'co is deposited in a grouuil condition at tho rate of an inch in a thousand centuries, hut tho disposition of unground cjfl'oo is almost infinitely slower. Ho has placed bags, cofTeo-inills, and other receptacles in secluded places, and left them for mouths at a time, without finding tho slightest traces of coffee in them. Although Huxley does not hazard a guess at tho rate of disposition of unground Jtio coffee, Professor Tyndall does not hesitate to say that it is ut least as slow ns tho rate of disposition of tomato cans. Lut us suppose, as wo aro abundantly justified in doing, that :¡0,000,000 of years' would bo required to bring about tho disposition of a stratum of tomato cans one foot thick all over tho surface of the globe, au equally long period must certainly have elapsed while a foot of unground colfee wns accumulating over the skull of the .Baltimore monkey. We thus ascertain that tho monkey in question yielded up his particular variety of ghost anil becalms a fossil fully ¡30,000,000 years ago. Probably oven this enormous period of time is much less than thu iicluul period which has elapsed since that monkey's deceasu ; and we may consider ourselves safe in assigning to his skull thu ngo of 00,000,000 yours, besides a few odd months In thu. light of this amazing revelation, what becomes of Moses and his (10,00 years Î it will hardly escapo notice that hu nowhero mentions iiio colive. Obviously, this omission is duo to tliu.fact that he know nothing of it. Mut if ho was unacquainted with one of tho most recent formations, how can wo suppose that he knew anything about thu elder rocks -the metamorphic und stereoscopic strata. And yet it is this ignorant man, ignorant of tho plainest facts of geology, mid of its very simplest strata, who boldly usstuues to tell us nil about the creation 1"-Scicittljta American. 