WESLEYAN CHURCH. ? «, ? Sermons in connection with the anniversary of this Church wete preached on Sunday last, by the Kev. D. O'Donnell, of Clare. His sub ject in the morning was ?? Heaven.', and in the evening, ' The Great Salvation.' both ser- ' mons were of a very high order of pulpit elo quenca, worth} of the high reputation the rev. gentleman has made for himself in South Aus tralia. The congregations were lare-e. es pecially so in the evening,, when the spacious buildings wng densely crowded. The tea meet ing on Monday was well patronised. The sup ply of good things was abuntlant and th» tasteful arrangement of the tables, reflects great credit on the ladies who presided. The ladies who gave the tables were Mesdames. Fowler, Pimlott, Hill, Freak, Pope* Loveridg«?t J. Martin and Allen. The pnblic meeting in the Church com menced Bhortly after 7 o'clock, with the usual devotional exercises. James Martin, Esq., Mayor of Gawlcr, occupied the Chair, We noticed that the Eevs. T. Lloyd, *D. O'Donnell. M. M. Whitton, J. T. Simpson, and W. F. Wincey. Esq., also occupied seats on the plat form. Apologies were given for the absence of the J£evs. J. Gordon aud J. Pope, through ab sence from Gawler, and E.ev. S, Fairey through illness. His Worship met with a most enthu siastic reception on taking tbe Chair, his long residence in the town and the prominent part he has always taken, ia all matters affecting the general good of the community having secured for him, the esteem and regard of hi» fellow townsmen of all denominations. ' Ha said he would not on that occasion address, them as ladies and gentlemen, bat as Chris tian friends.'* He had been invited by the Pastor of the Church to take the Chair, but thought the Trustees might have found one better suited to occupy the position. Still he felt he could perform the duties devolving upon him on that occasion, especially so, as thire would not he the same necessity to keep, order, as at some political meetings. It was out of his line to make speeches, his was more in the practical line. He oame as the chiaf Magistrate of the town and thought it proper that Magistrates should attend such meetings. He was not a Wesleyan, but had kindly feel ings towards them, having been brought up in tbe Wesleyan communion. He expressed the pleasure it gave him to be present on that occasion, and trusted that Church might have continued prosperity. . The annual balance sheet wa* then read by the Treasurer, W. F. Wincey, Esq., which snowed that the Church income for the year was .£374, and the debt on the whole Church property, Church, Par sonage, School and Vestries, was J61,650, The Rev. J. Young Simpson (Pastor), then gave his pastoral report, from which we give - the following items. ? The congregation wor shipping in that Church had raised during the year for all purposes, JBS48. viz.. Church pu - poBeS, £374, Circuit funds, JB307. Sunday school, J6S0. Missions home and foreign, £6d. Poor fund, £18. The membership of the Church was 165, there ;had been 23 removals, and three deaths during the year. The Sunday school numbered 430 scholars, and 50 teachers, and office bearers who car ried on the work of the school in a mosG -efficient 'manner. The demand for sittings in the Church still continued, the num ber now let being in excess of last year. He was glad to say that the Gawler Young Men's Christian Association, which was noc connected with that Church, was heartily sup ported by the young men of the congregation. The congregations continued good, especially so on Sunday evenings. The week night meetings might be better attended than they were. He thought they had as a Church plenty working of power, and organizations enough, their great want was an abundant baptism of the Holy Ghost. The choir then rendered an anthem with fine effect, after which the Chairman called on the Rev. Thomas Lloyd, to speak on ' the Weapons of our warfare. The reverend gentleman said lie was glad to meet His Worship, the Mayor of JGawler ia the Chair, was first acquainted |with him (20) twenty yean Tkgoiathis town, lie had removed ten 'tinted since then. There is an old adage, that 'a roHinsj stone never gathers any moss,^' Mr. Martin had gathered moss, but he had not, he liad gathered ten little ships up at Kapunda, classed Al, at Lloyd'f with valuable cargo chartered for the eternal port. Whan a man entered the ministry, he married poverty and trial3. The Chairman no doubt uses his in fluence for good in his sphere and he changing his position endeavored to exercise his influ ence in another sphere. Twenty years ago His Worship ooaupied the same position as he did this evening. He was not bigotea'. but expected to meet many of other denomina tions in Heaven. There were a lot of weapons used by the Churches in this s*e that weie rather questionable, viz., covetoushess, self ishness, envy, jealousy, &c.;, these were worldly -weapons. He did not believe in lotteries at bazaars, some say they succeed, they dispose, of goods, so do all worldly things generally because they are successful that is no reason -why they should be used in Christian Churches, there were also pride Ritualistic doctrines and peculiar modes of wore* ip adopted which we &3 Methodists should not appropriate to our tue to win the battle with. There are many -weapons we can use in the conflict with good and evil, Christ and the devil. Jb irst music. He believed it was in Heaven before e~rth, in its purity it was simply good, L-ut many h ' used it for evil purposes, just as you na/ apply the alphabet and harmonise the letters into evil, so also with music, you can take the seven notes and harmonise them in' ~ evil as well as good. He hoped the time wn =? coming when we should have better singing, whether in solo or congregation singing. What feeling ef the spirit had .'not been invoked and inspired by music,] there is a power in music that can drive back the alien armies of the devil, we should cultiva 3 it a. -' im prove it, Services of song had great influence in driving back sad felings from children. The next weapon of wf-fare was revealed truth, he would not deprecial philosophical and scientific truths, but there was nothing like revealed truth, not one of the philosophi cal and scientific men could base t] eir salva tion on their truths, how often had men rested nn thintra fVm.f. fl.ro falsa. 'PhilOROrtTiPrn aaxr they can live with it, but tfaey cannot die wi4h it. Then the second weapon was testimony, he thought Wesleyan's were beginning to fall into the error of keepi g their testimony to themselves, what a powerful testimony was Pauls before Agrippa, limply his own expe rience. Don't give up personal testimony, let us keep to it as a Church, Then the third weapon was prayer, all can pray, there are times when we cannot sing, but we can pray, let us, keep to, these old weapons of our -warfare, they have done a deal of good in the past and, will do, it in the future, the rev. gentlemen was heartily applauded during the delivery, of his admirable address. After another anthem by the choir, the Eev. David ?? Triumphs of Christianity.' He thanked the Chairman for the glowing manner in which he epoke of him as a bright star in the Methodist connection, was glad to be here, last week he thought it rather problematical when he had to return home from one of his preaching places very indisposed, but in the latter part of the week, owing to Divine Providence and good nursing, he w.as able to ootne and keep his arrangements. He was not in good health and as every effect was a cause, he would prove the cause, in a week or two he would have been in South Australia 12 months, and will have preached 24 anniversary services, he was thankful he ever came to South Australia, hai received a good reception and was well spoken of* ho had that amount of vanity that he liked to be well spoken of, Every bird has a silver tail and drop into the ordinary groove of Welsyan preachers. It was not difficult for him to take up a subj- ict, but it was difficult to keep within, (the allotted time, his text had a wide Bphere and was very inj,; ortant. Chris tianity had done much to raise eociety, it had never made a single failure, but had scored-a thousand triumphs. All religion does not come from the uioie but nature teaches apart. Men dispute that God only taught us religion through the Bible, or that only through nature ; the truth is midway betw; an the two. He had been a lover of ra*:ure ever since he was able to appreciate her, he prayed to be able to understand and admire her and believed that his prayer wa-3 answered. It was wrong to allow sceptics all the charms of nature, he was told that the Bible was superfluous that he could not entertain. Had seen the beauty of nature everywhere^early in the morn, when the euii was rising, he saw the beauty of nature in flowers and in buds, in the night when the moon sailed in her silver car and her reflected light lay on the lake of water below. He felt the power of music, never did be feel it charms as much, as when he ' heard tae Bohemian Nightingale singing, he hoped she might sin? in heaven. The music of Heaven will be grand, angels can excel Jenny Lind ox Madame De Murski. There was music in the sob and whisper of the ocean, there was music even in tbe deeper diapason of the ocean. The world is full of melody, God must have felt kindly towards men to make so good a home, we see- his might and wisdom in governing it. Nature tells you not only of her beauty, all her pages are not golden type, some are set in wood. A cloud of dust is seen just above the horizon email as a man's hand, it gradually spreads till the sky is darkened, and then there is awful stillness, presently vivid flashes of lightning and peals of thunder, the lightning st -ikes a poor man's house and sets it in a flame, then there is poverty and wretchedness, you ask the mountain, sky arcfc earth, why all this? and they reply a mystery to me. The God o£ Providence and nature corrected men for their folly, nations ware chastened for national sins, the Bible told of the mystery and of the recon ciled God who was prepared to receive back his adopted son. God knew that nature was not sufficient so he gave the inspired word. Christ had come and made arrangements for establishing a Church, he came when this ?world was in its worst condition and could get no further unless it sunk to helL There were the Jews, the once favored people of God, the glory of that dispensation was gone. The Bomaa religion was only a deifying of their lusts and passions, they had no love for purity. The Greek loved the fine arts, Christ set up a kingdom that could not fall, when he city of the Seven Hills was gone, when empires be came weak and crumbled and were buried under their own ruius, the kingdom | A Christ stood. Has it noc spread and achieved glori ous victories. Christian heads w«re crowns, the grandest kingdom under heaven had th-- grandest Queen at its head. Science never found out a secret yet; but what Christianity held up the light, it had greater od^s to day. Scepticism never was so marsnaueu ueior«. You never can get a Frenchman to own that Britons beat them at Waterloo. The French fell because they did not own God. A country never calls forth its reserve, or change their captains till they feel their weakness. Seep tisism has been doing the same, they have changed their generals and are fighting under another 4igj the arguments she once used are no good. But what of the army of God, who took the field with a captain at its head, that was never changed yet, they have never changed their flag, they have neve** changed their weapons since Christ left the trench at Calvory, we unsheathed his sword and the glittering steel has been shining ever since. Christ's kingdom bas still kept on, cheered by Jier success, nothing to fear, but everything to encourage. We are proud of every new weapon x»f the opponents and the sooner they, use, them the better we jean overcome. The'time «oU cpme when Ilell will tell them they have ho other weapons to uBe, then will Christianity, claim her triumphs and come, off more than conquerors.. May God help you to ~ be loyal as a small detachment, and remember the^aptain and the weapons of your warfare. Our outline gives but a faint conception of the speaker's masterly speech. It waii rich in imagery, chaste, in diction, .eloquent . in language, exquisitely beautiful in descriptive powers and grand in its defence of Christianity. It was listened to throughout with breathless interest, 'and produced a profound impression on the mind of the hearers. - We congratulate the Wesleyan Church on having an orator of such power. in the ranks of her ministry. A comprehensive vote of thanks to the Ladies, Ministers, Choir and Chairman was moved by Mr. E. Clement, and seconded by Mr. R, Barrett, and suitably acknowledged by the Chairman. The Doxology was sung and so concluded a most successful anniversary. We understand the proceeds are £lc4. ? 