SCHNEIDER'S TROUBLES IN BOSTON. My frent, I have got some droubleo vat 1 shall tole you aboud, und you blease are if you brint it, I vas goming Vaohington Streed quick down, and a little poy ho oaid, ' Ullow, Johny Greens ! vat's der mettor m?t Hannah V Uud I say ' Vat you tinks I know of Hannah ? I never havo seen dot girle, und how you know my name vas Johnny Greens 2' ' Oh 1' he say, ' you look so vresh.' Und I a ay, 'Leotlo poy, you moke foolo mit me.' Und ho say, ' Sold oud ; walk off on your ears ! bull down your veot up !' Und den I got mat, und I make a jump for d ot nov* bat ho vas like der fleas Irishman, hnfc your hant on de flea nnd dor Irishman was not dero. (Dot's a yoke, ouly I don't feel like yoking.) But I dca'fc got him, ho was too quick, und I fell in der gud mutter, nnd von I myself bicis up I vas all wit mud covered, but I dink me I shall dot poy catch ; so I started, but I couldn't see butty well on account of come mut vat vaa my eye in. So I rund against a woman, und knock her down, und she cries out, - Dereat biok backets.' Und I say, 'No, I am an honest man.' She Day, ' No. you are vat I say of you/ and everybody avonnd hollers oud, ' Stop deefa,' and I rund tho street down. Everybody vas trying to oaten me, und a man but oud his foot und dripped me down, tmel aboud dwouty jumped on me und say, ' You don't get avay now,' Und I soy, cNofif Idoifc vill bo by China oud, if you don't get oS,' A boliceman took me by the station house, down for examinations, und he oayo, 1 Vaa you over bovn in Boston V Und I say, 1 No.' Und he oayo, s Don I dink you vill got I about 500 years in der States Briaon.' I vas but ifov Qsnralnatiion j fchooapfcain of bolico pay, ' Who knows dat man ?' Anodder vono say, ' He's de Barre bank robber ;' * He's Vinslow, 1 have sn?n him in dor States Brison,' und all names like dot, und der captain vanto to know of mo vy sendonce of death ahould nofi bo bro= nouncod againofc me, und I oay3 ' I am an honest man, I do nothing of doso thing va'a docs beople say. Believe- mo, I never had a lie told.' Und a man crionoud, c Vo knoiv now — he in Vashington 1' Und I dinko dot must be sonio bnd man0 do I Day, 'I ahcll not bo like dot man,' und they all cry oud, ' Dot's so !' 1 make explanationo to der captain, und he dold der bolicomen to tako mo to der car station und give me youat dwenty-five minutes to leave dot oity, und i£ I over come back dey vould hang der nearest lamp-boot to my neck until I vao dcd. Vot you dink of aotiona like dose 1 Ain'fe dot dor last cumel vot broke dor hare's back 1 They nxn been Lovers.— They wore very fond of each other, very, and had been engaged. But they had quarrelled, aud were too proud to make it up. Ho cnllod a fc~/ days ago at her fathor'o house — to see the old gentleman on business, of course. She anoworod hie ring at tho door bell. Said he: 'Ah, Mian ? — , 1 boliove ; io your father within ?' ' Wo, air,' che repled, c-i?.'i ia not in at present. Did you wiah to see him personally 'f' ' Yes, Mine,' wao fclio blufl voaponse, feoliug that bIio was yielding, ' on very particular personal busiuess.' And ha proudly turned to go away, ' I beg your pardon,' aha callod nftor him as ho otruok tho lower step, ' but who nhall I any called?'' Ho never smiled again — ' Cincinnati Commercial.' A recently made Benedict writes aa follows concerning hia young wife's habits: ' If there way a bedroom a mile long, and her entiro wardrobe conld bo paokod in a bandboj:, you'd iiud'portions of thr.t wardrobo ccattoredfalong tho whole mile of dressing room. She,' a a nice thing to look at when put together, but this wonderful creature ia evolved from a chaos intormiuablo of pins, ribbons, raga, powder, thread, brruiiiet), combs, and laces. If there wore coven thousand drar/ora in your room, and you asked but ior ono to bo kept sacred and inviolate for your own private uso, that particular ono would be full of JJLOJ.I |J1I1-Jj I \t-f *J\\.l llil) (iiiU UWMUU UU(1.,, Tacks and Ghosts. — There iu nothing which is more revolting to a sensitive ghoat than tho ohiirp flnt-headed tacks known to nviinta aa ' drawing tacks.' When ono of tbece tackn is tosaed on the sfcago where materialized p.hosto disport themoolvea, it invariably remains with ita point upwards. It may roadily bo conceived that; an unsuspecting, bare-footed ghoat who trends heavily on suoh a treacherous aud pene trating tack would havo a right to manifest a hearty and violent indignation. Indeed, al most any ainonut of language on the Dart of tho injured ghost would bo pardoned by all hnmaao men. But what did tho ghosto of Daniel Wobater do when he recently tried to wolk over a otngo strewn vrith drawinr? tacks during a materializing neanoo in a Wioconsin town ? When the first tack ontored that ostensible ghost's right foot [he calmly lifted ap tho injured limb and nndortook to withdraw tho intrusive bit 01 steel. Ifc was not until, in Lie efforts to in hia loft foot, fchsfc ho broko silonco by softly romavking 'Ouch;' nnd it is doubtful if ho would havo ropeatod that otatement, or ven tured upon ?ny other, had ho nofc ineantioualy cat down, and thus inserted two moro tacko into his person. In theuo circumstances ho raifjhfc have totally lost hio tempor,j] and no man could havo had a word of blame for him ; but instead of letting bio ghostly passions riuo5 ho moreiy expressed his views of the mr.ttor by the simple and touching remark, ct Well, by gosh,' and hurriedly withdrew into tho mystic cabinofc. Increase or Suicides. — Suicido hc-.u ia fnofc become an absurdity. To apeak with French. exaggeration,, all tho world iu committing iO. Old rnon and babe?, and loving friends and youths, and maidens yay, are all rushing to re lievo their taiuda by auicide. Ifc io no laughing matter. When Lieutenant Lulf and Boa Battle ' enlisted in fche lino' tho crimo was compara tively rare. But now, nofc ouly do respectable newspapers recommend it under nonie (iuc Goundiug title like ' Eutbannaia,' but though thoy do not practise on thomoclven, they induce a vaat number of young folk who know no belter to try it0 Somo of tho decent onses shov/ a trifling with human lif « whioh io shock ing and strange to people who wore^nofc born under tho advnncod lights of this generation. A boy laot week drowned himself in his bath because as he said in a letter which ho was quito sane enough to write, nobody would care to live if ' one they loved would not opeak to them.' On Monday laat a barmaid throw hernolf into tho Loa because she- w?.3 told to \va3h the floor. Oa Friday week a farm^labourei1 jumped off a Thames steamor because he felt hungry. And tho anomalies iii the adminiabration of the law are exemplified by tho excuse uaaally made in the3e oases. The intending self-murderer when brought before the magistrate ia exonsed because ho was drunk, aud having been lectured, io discharged. If he assaults or kills anyono olso while drunk he can rnako no defence, and is committed. 1'efc a coroner's jury admits the excuse, und the temporary insanity of drunk ennesa Ia snfficient to secure a verdict which obliges a clergyman to read tho service, and give tho body of tho deceased Christian recog« nition. And, if anything iu the way of argu ment io wanting' to convince cot oners and fehois.1 juries of the literally suicidal policy they now pursue, it wonld be found in tho Jaw of inoa« ranee. Though ia most cases tho companies are cautioua in refusing drama, a rooont decision rules that a man who kills himself in tiio delirium of a fever avoids his policy ; whereaofl if the fever kills him, it holds good. Tho pleci of tomporary insanity is only recoguized so far as ifc enabled a jury to allow Christian burial J and civio rights. The law may bo too hard ; I bnt, as QdminiDtorofl, ib ia too onoy,— ? Saturday I Baview, 