VICTORIA. ITrom our nwn f!orrestKmdent.T Melbourne. January 16. lhe JHishop of Ballarat said last night at the Town Hall that two topics have of late filled the public mind— the weather and ' the new Bishop' have been, he has found, all the talk in trains, in the streets, and elsewhere. The weather, as a matter of course, takes first place—it always does — but only second to that is the arrival and installation of Dr. Moorhouse as Bishop of Melbourne. His Lordship must have felt a glow of pleasure as he stood before the enormous and enthusi astic crowd that crammed our largest hall last evening. The new Bishop is a tall, pleasant-looking, thoroughly English gentleman. He wears very little hair on his face, and less on the top of his head. He has a fine, clear, round voice, and made himself well heard throughout the halL The im pression he made is that he is a splendid, manly, outspoken fellow, downright in earnest, and ready for any amount of real work. The Church of England is to be congratulated on having two such good men at its head as its two present Bishops. Dr. Moorhouse chaffed us about our miserable apology for a cathedral, mentioning that Adelaide and Sydney have both cut us out in this respect. He also put it plainly that he will expect to get plenty of money for useful as well as ornamental purposes, viz., for securing the means for the thorough training of ministers. People and ministers of all denominations attended the welcome meetings, and all join in wishing the new Bishop God-speed. His colleague of Ballarat hinted to him what is a well known tact — that there are some big diffi culties that will be found in the way. Since the withdrawal of State aid the Episcopal Church has shown itself in many respects feeble and helpless. As Dr. Thornton, the Bishop of Ballarat, put it — the chief general at the head of their ranks has been ' general apathy,' and it will take all the energy of a go ahead man to stir the laity out of this deplorable state. As far as we can judge Hur Lordship Dr. Moorhouse is the man to do it, and the history of his Church from this date will be watched with very con siderable interest. Death has been busy in our midst. One by one the old identities are passing away, and we are led to feel that the day is hot so far distant when the new order of men will have completely elbowed out the old. Since the foundation of the colony no name has been more familiar than that of Richard Davies Ireland, and though of later years he has been little seen in public, the announcement of his death on Thursday last has called forth widespread comment. Mr. Ireland came to the colony in 1852, bringing with him a high repu tation from the Irish Bar, and he soon found himself in a foremost position in the Victorian Courts, where he was always known as one of the most distinguished criminal barristers the country has ever known. In 1863 he was created a Queen's Counsel. His connection with political life began in 1857, when he entered Par liament as member for Castlemaine. From that date to 1868, with a few intervals, he occupied various seats in the House, and was a member of not a few Ministries. He was a brilliant debater, but he lacked the steadiness and persistency of character which would have made him a marked success as a politician. He certainly held his own amongst such able men as Mr. Michie, Mr. Higin botham, Mr. John Dennistoun Woods, Mr. Aspinall, Mr. (now Sir John) O'Shanassy, but with the exception of the attention he gave to mining legislation there is nothing special by which his Par liamentary career is remembered. The mention of the above names suggests the reflection that the change in the class of men who compose our Parliament has been by no means for the better. As compared with the pigmies of to-day, it may be said truly there were giants in those days. The reason appears to be that we had then a class of picked men from the old country — we get now rather below the average of what the colony itself can produce. By his decease the Crown will save £1,000 per annum, the amount paid to Mr. Ireland under the provisions of the Constitution Act re lating to ex-Ministers who had been two years in office. He and Sir C. Gavan Duffy were the only Ministers who availed themselves of the Act, which was always a very unpopular one with the public, who clamoured for its repeal It would be easy to make sad reflections on the close of a life like Mr. Ireland's. He had out lived his popularity, public and private, and in his later appearances in Court he was a pitiable ghost of his former brilliant self. The Government pension, too, was not sufficient to keep him out of wretched financial difficulties, the result of bad management and instability of character. But one is naturally reminded of de mortuis nil nisi boiium. The Argus biographer happily puts it : — ' It was in private life that he was seen to the greatest advantage. The most genial and hospitable of hosts, a clever mimic, a dramatic raconteur, full to overflowing of anecdote and humorous remark, and every now and then dropping some observation which showed that his reading had been considerable as well as miscellaneous, he was a delightful com panion, and reminded you of some of the members of the Irish bar who figure in Davis Barrington'8 'Personal Sketches of his Own Times.' He had the Irish vivacity of feeling, buoyancy of tempera ment, and warm family affection. He wa generous to a fault, and so liberal to others that he suffered eventually by his impulsive and injudicious openhandedness. There was a great fund of tenderness in his nature, and a disposition to take the most sanguine views of things, leading him into enterprises which cooler-headed men would avoid, and subjecting him to re verses which stupid people would be sure to escape. But there is no necessity to dwell upon faults like these, more espe cially as the commission of them entails its due share of suffering. Let us speak of and remember Richard Davies Ireland only aB the brilKant leader of the bar, as the able and eloquent statesman, and as the warm-hearted and companionable friend.' Three other well-known men have gone to the silent land this week. Their names were all familiar in the mer cantile world here. Captain Coffey, the snipping auctioneer ; Mr. Marwood, of the late firm of Lorimer, Marwood, and Rome, recently of Adelaide ; and Mr. Lyell, of the late firm of Lyell & Brown, general merchants. The last-named had honourably made his fortune in the colony, and had made all preparations for going home to enjoy the fruit of hiB labours, when he was suddenly and unex pectedly smitten down by an apoplectic stroke. Things electoral are as a matter of course quiescent. It would be very un safe to pay much heed to the rumours that are somehow or other set aflo«at. One of these, for instance, is that the late Poet Laureate of Geelong — W. Stitt Jenkins, teetotaller and protectionist — is to be asked to stand for North Mel bourne. . The alteration in the districts renders it necessary for the old members to decide which they will go in for. Mr. Curtain leaves North Mellwurno for the new division of Carlton. Mr. Wrixon has bade farewell to Belfast, in tending to compete for Fitzroy at the next election. The hon. member con gratulates his late constituents that during the eight years he has repre sented them no dishonourable thing has ever been asked for them or done by him; His reason for leaving them is that the alteration in the boundaries will bring in a majority of electors whose views will require a representative of a different faith from Mr. Wrixon's. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hampden Guardian is responsible for the following: — 'There will be throe distinct parties before the country, two open and avowed, one secret, and working like a mole in the dark. First there will be Sir James McCulloch and his party with their all-round taxation scheme, and then Mr. Berry and his following, who will go in on the land tax and protection business ; but behind all these and working in secret, but none the less industrious; will be the Irish party, headed by Sir Charles Gavan Duffy. Sir Charles is working to gather around him a party which will support him in the next Par liament, and land him into power. If Sir Charles is not successful the result will bo that he will go to Ireland and become an historian and writer. He was backed by the Catholic conclave at Eastern Hill in his work, and it will go hard if he is not successful. I expect therefore to see a very Btrong Irish party in the next Assembly. They will all get in on the Liberal ticket, and as soon as Parliament assembles they will throw off the thin disguise and show themselves as Catholic advocates, and enemies of the Education Act.' The final report sent by our representa tive at the late Philadelphia Exhibition is not calculated to make Victoria feel proud of herself. The conclusion that we have come to is that our ' Court' attracted but little attention, that our manufactured goods particularly were passed by with contempt, and that a great loss will be incurred in the sale of the goods owing to the protective restrictions imposed by our American cousins, who -thereby do unto us as we would fiscally do unto them. We have thus proved to us that we went on a wrong tack altogether, and all the money spent on our own big bazaar went for nothing, barring the entertainment of the people who enjoyed the promenading. If we are to make any impression at these ' world's shows,' it is evident it can only bo by showing ourselves our own native products and specialties. In like manner what we want to learn from these exhibi tions is not so much as to improved washing-machines and patent gridirons as facts that will teach us improved methods in tbe art of living, and of wisely making the best of our climate and soil. The Commission asked for by Sir Charles Duffy will have this in view, and we hope atatrifling cost to secure the fullest reports to date on the best methods of construct ing schools, lecture halls, tramways, drains, railway stations, oil presses, wine cellars, and so on. The Minister of Railways has sent invitations to skilled gentlemen in the neighbouring colonies to act on the Board which is to enquire into the question of the merits of our colonial manufactured locomotives. This step is taken as the charges against the quality of these have been made by our Engineer-in-Chief, and a thoroughly impartial judgment is wanted. A Ballarat paper makes the statement that it is owing to this impending enquiry that Mr. Meikle, the Superintendent of the locomotive branch of the Victorian Railways, has just resigned his position. The resignation happens inopportunely, but there is no truth in the statement as to the cause. Mr. Meikle has completed the term of service that enables him to retire with compensation, and he does so entirely for personal reasons. He will be asked to postpone his intended trip to Europe till after the sittings of the Board. Another intelligent Government officer is to be sent to Europe on a similar mis sion to that undertaken by Mr. Higin botham. Mr. G. O. Duncan, the Inspector General of Penal Establishments, is to act as the representative of Victoria at an International Conference to be held at Stockholm in August next- on the subject of prison discipline, the management of penal establishments, and other kindred matters. The Government liave been fortunate enough to secure a first-class man for the position of Superintendent of our Training Institute. Mr. Gladman, the gentleman appointed, was strongly recommended by Dr. Lyon Playfair, and has high testi monials from Mr. Matthew Arnold and from the English Inspector of Train ing Schools. He is a B.A. of the London University, has been head master of several Government schools, and for the hut three years held the : post of normal master in the Borough-road Training School, London. The salary is about £900 per annum, with quarters. The publicans have banded themselves together, and done what they reckon to be a right smart thing. They have bound themselves over through their Licensed Victuallers' Association to keep the recently-passed law in regard to Sunday trading. The law is that no drink shall be sold between the hours of 12 on Saturday night and 6 o'clock on Monday morning, except to travellers who liave journeyed 10 miles. It is notorious that the law has been impudently broken in all direc tions. Any Sunday midday, numbers of small children are seen carrying jugs that are not found to contain milk, and in the city hotels swarms of thirsty souls could any time be found behind the closed doors. The idea of the hotelkcepers is that by letting the public feel the full inconvenience of the new clauses when rigidly carried into force they will force them into demanding a repeal, and the public-houses will then be kept open, not on the sly, but legally on Sundays. That the matter may be thoroughly tested, the Victuallers' Asso ciation have even gone the length of appointing a Vigilance Committee to assist the police to jump on any offender. Setting a publican to catch a publican ought to do the business, but the weapon used may be found to be two-edged. It may turn out that the publicans have unwittingly played into the hands of their enemies, the teetotallers. At any rate, the latter can crow over the fact that for the first time for many years no case of ' drunk,' the result of Sunday tippling, appeared before the Monday morning City Court. There have usually been about a score, and if this result continues the public may in the end be convinced the wrong way — for the publicans. There are deluded people here who think that to keep on sending a Bailor boy to tbe masthead till he is so tired out' that he drops on deck and breaks his back amounts to the game thing as murder. A case of the sort occurred on board the ship Antiope, lying at Sandridgo, where the chief officer sent an apprentice named Southern up aloft to remove some boughs placed on the yards aud masthead. To reach the topgallant masthead the boy had to climb a distance of seven or eight feet. He had had no dinner, and on being ordered up the third time said he was too tired, and cried, stating that he would try again the next morning. The chief officer cruelly insisted on his climbing up at onco, theresultboinghisfallanddeath. The papers took the matter up, and thu chief officer 'was last week charged with murder at the Sandridge Police Court. The evidence went to establish the facts, but without showing any intentional cruelty, and the Magistrates dismissed the case without troubling to hear tho defence of Mr. Purves, who had been retained for the prisoner. Much as we may wish to the contrary, the gold returns for 1876 show the con tinuance of the decline in the yield that has gone on progressively for the last ten years. The gold for the year wa3 937,260 ozs., showing a falling off as compared with the former year of 121,563 ozs. la 1875 there was a decline of 43,791 ozs.; and in fact there has been with one year's exception an annual decline ever since 1866, for which year the yield was 1,536,581 ozs. The number of miners also shows a steady decrease, having sunk from 73,749 in 1866 to 41J564 in 1876. Of the gold some 350,000 ozs. are from alluvial workings, and about 600,000 from quartz. Tho returns teach a serious lesson, pointing in the long run to the complete extinction of this industry, to which our colony owes so much for its rapid growth and present prosperity. Tho area of auriferous ground in the colony is no doubt very extensive, but that which is sufficiently rich to pay the expenses of working is limited in area, and has long since been occupied. The theory that the vast heaps of tailings to be seen in the mining dis tricts contain large quantities of gold appears also to have been exploded. The supposition was that it only required the discovery of a payable method of working the pyrites for gold. Latest experiments go to show that to make the process of extracting pay it would require a much larger percentage of gold than the tailings are ever likely to contain. 