|U|M< PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in tbe placo »nero I am demanded of consdonoa to Bpoak the truth, and, thorefore, the truth 1 speak, impugn it whoso list,'' TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications Intended for In- sertion tn the nowa columna should be addressed to Tue Editor. No notice can bo taken of anonymous communications. Every letter muBt bo accompanied by tbe name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a gua ran too of good faith. Rejected communications cannot bo returned under any circumstances whatever. To avoid Inconvenience and delay to persona Interested wo have to rcquoet that all buslneea communica- tions, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addrossed to Wilso« and Macribkon, and not to Tur Editor. OPERA-HOUSE. To-night, DANIOHEFF. Commence at 8 o'clock, ACADEMY OF MUSIC. SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1877. There is a general and, we believe, a well-founded impression in the public mind, that we have reached a turning point in the political history of this colony, and that the approaching general election will exercise an important, and possibly a most beneficial, influence upon the progress and prosperity of the community. What with the extension of agricultural settlement, and what with the gradual consolidation of the elements of social life in country places, new political forces have been developed, and a public opinion has been created altogether opposed to that which finds expression at the noisy meetings got up by turbulent agitators in " bourne, and one or two other centre. popula- tion. The tone of the country press, taken as a whole, is healthily hostile to the entire class of professional politi- cians. There is a growing disposition to resent their attempts to dictate a policy to the colony, and to reject their pretensions to draw up programmes and to conatruct platforms ; and an in- creasing sense of the injustice and the injury inflicted upon the great produc- ing interests of Victoria by a system of taxation avowedly instituted for the benefit of a class, and the evils of which it is proposed to intensify by an indiscriminate extension of the prin- ciple The time is, therefore, peculiarly favourable for combined effort on the part of all well-wishers of the colony, with a view to elect an Assembly which eh all represent ita intelligence and its diversified industries, and in which but few professional demagogues shall find a placo. The one question which is upper- most is the fiscal question. Its settle- ment upon a just and equitable basis is the business to which the next House will have to address itself ; and all true liberals are enabled to approach it under circumstances much more favourable to the rational discussion of, and a satis- factory decision on, the subject than those by which our opponents, the pseudo-liberals, are surrounded. Our contention, as we have repeatedly stated, is that evory person enjoying the protection of the state ought to contribute towards the support of the Government as nearly as possible in proportion to his ability. This excludes all class legislation, all im- proper exemptions, all favouritism, and all penal imposts. And as nothing but bare and simple justice is aimed at, our object is one which is calculated to engage tho sympathies and command tho support of all right-minded men, how much soever they may differ upon minor points of public policy. It is of the highest importance, moreover, that our fiscal system should be firmly estab- lished, once for all, upon those sound principles, of which the wisdom is ac- knowledged by all the highest authori- ties upon the science of taxation, and of which the value and utility are attested by the voice of experience. By so doing we shall escapo innumerable diffi- culties and dissensions in the time to come, and shall make the best possible provision for the unrepressed growth and expansion of those " native indus- " tries," which are never so robust and never be early in arriving at maturity as when they are unencumbered by the blighting patronage of the state. But to achieve these results, some sacrifices of personal convenience, time, and labour, will have to be voluntarily and cheerfully incurrod by those citizens who are identified by their interests with the perma.. mt welfare of the colony, and who are qualified by educa- tion, experience, sagacity, and inde- pendent circumstances, to embark in public life, and to take an active and practical part in politics. The occasion is most propitious, and the duty is one which cannot be evaded with either safety or honour. To rail at the pro- fessional politician, to signify a not unnatural disgust at his palpable sel- fishness, his obtrusive loquacity, and his unscrupulous tactics, and to point the finger of scorn at his sayings and doings in the Assembly, may be all very well, but to exhibit a willing- ness to displace him, and to endeavour to restore representative institutions to the confidence and respect of the com munity,by making them worthy of both, would be much better. The events which have occurred in the United States during the last eight years, the corruption in Congress and in the State Legislatures ; the frightful ex- travagance and maladministration in almost every department 0j ^0 Government h.g 'JWûli""âa in tho conduct of municipal affairs ; and the enormous burdens which havo been imposed upon property and indus- try, owing to the profligate rascality of the ruling classes, are chiefly attributed by the highest authorities in America to the criminal abstinence of the educated and propertied classes from all participa- tion in public affairs. Those fell into the hands of the professional politicians, and they made tho most of their oppor- tunities. They had a plan of their own for confiscating the property, not merely of the rich but of the middle classes, and of the smallest land and house owners. They contracted enormous loans, secured upon state,county, and city rates, pocketed the greater part of the proceeds, and left the principal a permanent charge upon the taxpayers. At this moment, the funded debt of the city of New York is £23,354,740, being £25-i per head of the population, while it is equivalent to 10'G per cent, of the rateable value of the property in that city. We could scarcely cite a more cogent illustration or a more pregnant warning of the dangers and penalties to which the reputable citizens of a country expose themselves by apathetically allowing the management of its political affairs to bo undertaken by self- seeking demagogues. The colony has a right to tho services of its ableBt and worthiest citizens at a critical juncture like the present, and we make an earnest appeal to men of thia stamp to present themselves as can- didates wherever there is a reasonable prospect that character, ability, and a disinterested concern for the public welfare are calculated to meet with the recognition to which they are entitled. And we may also venture to hope, should cases arise in which two competitors of similar vio wa present themselves for the same constituency, that all personal considerations will be cheerfully subordinated to the interests of the cause which both have at heart, and that some mutual arrangement will be como to for the withdrawal of one of the candidates from the contest. Every seat which holds out a fair prospect of being won by a genuine liberal should be challenged, and it must bo suffi- ciently obvious that victory depends in no inconsiderable degree upon good generalship, and upon placing our forces in that portion of the field with which they are best acquainted, and where they are likely to be most effective. We may congratulate Professor Pear- son on having mado up his mind speedily to take a definite course. HaviDg decided-as was understood, for political reasons-to abandon for the present his occupation as an instruc- tor of youth, his friends and admirers were naturally anxious to know what his subsequent proceedings would be, and we may say that amongst all classes there was a speculative interest in the future of a gentleman who combines in Buch a marked degree great natural talent and high culture with extreme opinions,and theprejudices of a class with which he is not immediately connected. Expectancy, however, has been put an end to by Professor Pearson's announce- ment that he will contest the coming election for Boroondara, and seek a career in the Legislative Assembly as a radical reformer. No doubt those who take an interest in the learned gentle- man, and anticipate great things from his adherence to the popular cauao, will regret that his political life has been commenced under Buck peculiar auspices. It is hardly fitting that the coming champion of the democracy should make his début as a candidate for legislative honours under the pa- tronage of a Knipe. Surely ho should have thrown himself boldly on some popular constituency, and not have stooped for the purpose of snatching at an unknown man's leavings. Mr. Knii'e, no doubt, is a very worthy man in his way, but as a politician he is com- paratively unknown to famo ; and to see him coming forward as the political sponsor of any one, especially a man of Mr. Pearson's social and professional standing, is ludicrous, to say tho least of it. Apparently, however, the learned professor does not view the matter in this light. Ile appears to regard the countenance of the gentloman who " has retired in bia favour " as a matter of great importance. The explanation he gave of his appearance before the Hawthorn electors on Thurs- day evening is to our mind one of the most comical things that has appeared in print for a long. time. Professor Peaiísqn Baidr-<,He thought a man " owed it to himself as well as to the con « etituency he had to represent, to aea " that there was some demand for him. " It had been almost impossible to " ascertain earlier what the opinion of " the conatituency really was, and " under those circumstances ho held " back for a time. Ile had, however, " received a very strong argument to " induce him to come down. A man " who had como forward himself as a " candidate had requested him to Bt&nd; " in his place, and when Mr. K "«i? " kindly pressed him the second timo, " he felt he might believe with soi.>e " certainty that he would find sup. " porters in Boroondara." Now, wa should be very sorry to accuse the kit head ¿baster of the LadieB' Presbyterian College of endeavouring to play upon the credulity of his supposed future con- stituents, but what can we Bay in the face of such a marvellous statement 1 We are told that he was withheld from making an earlier appearance in the field, be« cause he could not ascertain whether his presence was desirable, but that he subsequently came forward because a gentleman with whom the electors had refused to have anything to do, pressed him to do 80. How Mr. Knipe could speak in the name of the constituency we are nuable to understand. He himself telle us that bia dealings with the electorate had not been satis- factory- that is, of course, to him- self. He called a meeting, and a meeting of some sort accordingly took place, but he did not think it "a " représentative one," and yet in the face of the evident want of confidence displayed by the electors in Mr. Knipe, Mr. Pearson regards Mr. Knipe's requisition as affording a sufficiently clear insight into the feelings of the con- atituency. Surely it would be difficult for anyone more thoroughly to mis- apprehend facts or muddle deductions than the learned professor has done in this instance. HavÍDg favoured his audience with .j¡3 extremely curious reasons whioh decided his candidature th» i--^ gentleman fell foul of Mr. G. P. Smith's assertion " that there waa no " danger of the accumulation of large " eBtates (in this country), as there was " no ii»W of primogeniture here, and the " land would be divided by natural " causes." ïïe conicoded that this view is totally erroneous, and proccCiM to argue that, so far from the law of primogeniture having a tendency to keep large estates together, it has a directly opposite effect. Most people, we think, will consider that thia asser- tion is remarkable enough, but we question whether they will consider it so curious as the argument by which it is supported. "He could " easily prove, if it were necea " eary, that the aristocracy of Eng " land had perished over and over " again. For an instance, he might " cay that amongst the 500 peers now " in the House of Lords, there were only " seven families represented which " were known to be in existence 400 " years ago." But does thia fact prove that " the law of primogeniture ex " tinguishes families and bursts up "estates?" Ia it not rather true that, without the law of primogeniture, no great families or great estates could have lasted, unless under exceptional circumstances, beyond two or three generations 1 We need hardly suggest to a gentle- man of Professor Pearsons erudition that it ia not the law of primogeniture which is accountable for the disappear, ance of many of the great houses that once figured on the stage of English political or social life, but the wars, the rebellions, and the revolutions with their attendant deaths in the field or by the headsman, their confiscations, their at- tainders, and what not. The only way, as it appears to us, in which the law of primogeniture can be said to have led to the extinction of families, is that in some instances the possession of the wealth which that law gave to one mern ber of the respective houses led to the formation of habits so ruinously extra- vagant aa to require the sacrifice of the hereditary eBtates, or so luxurious and enervating as to cut off the supply of direct heirs. The former case, liow evei, was met in numberless instances by the law of entail, which rendered the alienation of family properties extremely difficult under all circumstances, while the latter was provided for in a great measure by the fact that in most cases estates were granted and titles conferred with remainder to certain collateral branches of the families en- riched or ennobled by the Boyal bounty. We must pospone our further remarks on this remarkable deliverance to a more convenient Beason. A correspondent signing himself " Micawbor" has writton to suggest that the Railway department Bhould do more to consult tho convenience of a certain class of ita customers than it at present seems inclined to attempt. This gentle- man, whoBe letter appeared In our issue on Thursday, is evidently, like his illus- trious namesake of immortal memory, a man of a hopeful disposition-ono who trusta that by means o£ writing letters "something will turn up." Wo hko to encourago this innocent confidence wherever wo seo it exhibited, but we are afraid that tho sort of faith which consists in an expectation that the Vic- torian Ballway department will ovor go out of ita way to accommodate tho Vic- torian pooplo, ia one which ia nover likoly to meet with its boiitting roward. "Mica«ber" vushes to urge upon this portion of oihcialdom "the deBirabihty " of arranging for tho earlier arrival m " Molbourno of country trams during " the summer months than tho o^ " isting timo tablo permits." IIo points out that bo long as the public cannot have tho use of its own property on Sunday, it would bo a groat contenienco to hundreds if the excursion trains returning from tho couuiiy- on Monday mornings woro made lo fivo in town between 1) and 10 o'clocl, -J <"."* of 11, which ib tuo lato for U "I1 thoso who can dispose of their tin c « they please. "I feel quite ceitain, no goes on to say, " thal the concession " pointed out would bo found to pay, as " many perBons who prof or a trip to the " country to a marine excursion, aro at " present obliged to chooso tho lattor, " owing to tho greater facilities oflorod " by the owners of steamers for getting " to town early." Unfortunately, there aro very few connectod with the otato railways who care ono »ofo whether they pay or not, so we are afraid that it is no more ubo asking for the con- cession on that ground, than to claim it on tho score of public convenience, y> hoviovor, our corroapondent sould only Bhow that tho chango would ba a popular one with the electora, he might roly on having it made to-nwrow. >vo. heartily concur with the object Uo Jw» m view, and commend the idea we have thrown out to the attention of himself and friends. The condition of some portions of the city after the heavy rainstorm of Wednes- day evening, suggests the idea that the new plan of constructing level crossings at the intersections of the streets may not be without its disadvantages. We have, it is true, been long accustomed to see Eliza- beth, Swanston, and Flinders streets flooded after heavy showers and thunder- storms, but in the opinion of many people these streets were in a worse condition on Wednesday evening than would have been the case if the channels had been left open as in former times. The small brick culverts which pass under the roadway at some of the principal street intersections carry off a good deal of the storm-water, but there is obviously not such a free flow as was formerly the case. Whether the obstruc tion which the storm-water now encounters ia considerable enough to materially raise the level of the floods which periodically sweep down the streets is a question which professional opinion no doubt will be able to decide, but there is one spot at least where the plan works very badly. As a ready way of getting rid of an awkward hollow on the road to Richmond at the bottom of Lansdowne-street, a level cross- ing was formed, and drain pipes carried under the roadway as an outlet for the water. The alteration has made the traffic on the road much easier, but when heavy rain falls the thoroughfare becomes quite impassable for foot passengers. On Wednesday evening the road and foot- path were covered with water three or four feet deep in some places, for a dis- tance of 50 or 60 yards, and it took several hours after the cessation of the rain for the flood to subside. When the water did go down the footpath was still unfit to walk upon, covered as it was with a layer of mud several inches in thickness, and the scavengers were engaged during the whole of the next day in removing the filth and debris left by the storm. It is not encouraging to find results like this follow attempts at street improvement, and no wonder that doubts are raised as to the expediency of the level-crossing system, That it is an advantage to have a level surface at the intersection of the street no one will deny ; but, in some instances it may perhaps be better to adhere to the open channels. Except in the case of Elizabeth-street, where the accumulation of water during storms is always greatest, we do not think the levelling of the crossings can do much harm ; but, with regard to the street we have named, it may be worth inquiring whether comfort and convenience may not be purchased at too dear a rate. It would, at all events, be a satisfaction to the ratepayers and property owners concerned if the City Council were to cause its surveyor, or some other professional man, to fur- nish a report on the subject. His Excellency the Governor will spend Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, at Schnapper Point. There will therefore be no meeting of the Executive Council until Tuesday after- noon,.The case of Hastings, under sentence of death for the Frankston murder, will be dealt with at the meeting on Tuesday. His Excellency the Governor returned to town last evening from Daylesford. He was the guest of Mr. Stanbridge, the previous evening, and about 10 a.m. started from Daylesford for Creswick, bau before his de- parture he presented the mayor with a dona- tion of £10 for the hospital funds. The scenery between Daylesford and Creswick is very fine, and the drive across the ranges was greatly enjoyed. It was noticed that a great portion of the population in this dis- trict consisted of Italians, who welcomed the Governor most cordially, and in more than one case the coach was stopped, so that he might enter into conversation with them. On reaching the boundary of the borough of Creswick, His Excellency was welcomed by Mr. Cooper, mayor of the borough, who invited him to visit the new town-hall, and partake of some refreshment. The hall will be a fine building when completed, its cost being over £5,000, The mayor and councillors enter- tained the Governor at luncheon, and in replying to the toast of his health, Sir George Bowen expressed his thanks for the cordial manner in which he had been received, espe- cially as it was not known that he was about to visit Creswick. Subsequently he was driven to the railway station in time to catch the train leaving shortly after 2 p.m. Telegraphic communication was restored yesterday between Batavia and Singapore, and the ordinary traffic will probably be re- sumed to-day. A requisition signed by 480 electors, in- cluding many of the most influential resi- dents in East Melbourne, was presented to Mr. E. L. Zox yesterday, asking him to stand for East Melbourne. He has taken until Monday to decide whether he will accept or decline the invitation. Mr. George Coppin announces his intention of seeking re-elec- tion at the hands of the same constituency. Mr. Charles Fausset, solicitor, will contest Emerald-hill in the free trade interest. The Hon. Graham Barry is to visit Echuca on Wednesday next, for the purpose of address- ing a meeting in the evening. A large and influential deputation waited yesterday upon Mr. Andrew Lyell, one of the firm of Lyell and Gowan, to ask that gentle man to place himself in nomination for the representation of Emerald-hill at the ap- proaching general election. Mr. John Finlay, on behalf of the deputation, stated that a very large number of the residents of Emerald-hill had expressed a strong wish that Mr. Lyell should come forward for that electorate, as his long experience in the colony, his character, ability, and thorough knowledge of the opera tions of trade and commerce eminently fitted him to take a prominent part in politics. He assured Mr. Lyell that if he would con- sent to contest that electorate the gentle men present, who were but a small portion of his warm supporters, would use their utmost endeavours to ensure his return, and could almost guarantee his being elected. Mr. Foote said that not only would Mr. Lyell receive the support of the free trade party, but his character and abilities were so thoroughly appreciated by the people at Emerald-hill that he would com mand support even from protectionists. Mr. Mullen, Mr. Waite, and other gentlemen of the deputation also urged Mr. Lyell to come forward. Mr. Lyell, in reply, said that he appreciated the compliment paid him by the deputation, and that personally he felt inclined to accede to their wishes, but he was restrained from giving an affirmative answer, chiefly by a fear that his health would not enable him to attend to business and at the same time to do justice to the claims of a constituency like that of Emerald-hill. He however promised to give the matter his careful consideration, and his friends believe it is more than probable that he will con sent. A proclamation in the Government Gazette of last night further prorogues the Parliament from the 6th of March to the 3rd of April. AasMr. Berry has refused to tender a proper apology for calling Mr. B. G. Davies, M.L A., a corrupt Chairman of Committees, Mr. Davies has placed the matter in the hands of his solicitor, for the latter to deal with it. The new electoral rolls are now ready for issue from the Government Printing- office. Mr. Jones, the Commissioner of Railways, has sufficiently recovered from his late attack of illness to be able to resume his duties. Mr. Jones suffered from a severe attack of ear disease, for which he had to undergo a slight operation, which was at- tended with good results. At the Board of Land and Works yester- day, Mr. Jones presiding, the following were announced as the lowest tenders received for the undermentioned works : - Passenger station, with outbuildings, Birregurra, Colac line - James King, £1,709 10s. 9d. Passenger station at Winchelsea, and other works - James King, £1,716 12s. 8d. Mr. Ainsworth Harrison was the lowest tenderer for passen- ger stations and outbuildings at Mooroona - £948 6s. 10d, Wickliffe-road, £950 3s. 9d., and Glen Thompson, £953 17s. 10d., on the Ararat and Hamilton railway. The trial of the action brought by Mr. Langton against the Age newspaper for alleged libel was commenced in the Supreme Court yesterday before the Chief Justice and a special jury of 12. The alleged libel was contained in a leading article on Mr. Langton, which appeared in that journal of the 22nd January last, and which plaintiff contends meant that he was a corrupt member of Par- liament. It was also submitted that it was a libel upon him in his business as an auditor; but the defendant contends that the article is incapable of bearing the latter construction, and as to the allegations in respect to his position of a member of Parlia- ment, that they are fair comments upon a public man. Mr. Langton waa cross-ex- amined by Mr. Dunne, with the view of showing that he had used as strong ex pressions to other public men as those he now complained of, and also that he had made use of as forcible terms against the Age as that paper had employed against him. At the close of plaintiff's case the Court adjourned till next day, it being inti- mated that defendant did not propose to call any evidence. The case will be resumed to-day. His Honour Judge Noel yesterday delivered judgment in the certificate application case of Charles Thomas Rowley, of Elizabeth- street, watchmaker. The insolvent in May last ran away to Sydney, taking with him £218 in money and several watches. It was shown in evidence that he intended going from Sydney to California, but was prevented by law officers, and came back to Mel bourne, but got rid of the money he had by paying it away to various people, although his estate was at the time sequestrated. His Honour said he considered the insolvent had appropriated his assets in defiance of law, and that he did so with the intent to defraud his creditors. He therefore refused the cer tificate, and ordered the insolvent to be im prisoned for nine months' with hard labour. The electric telegraph has been extended to Cranbourne and Goornong. The weekly abstract of births and deaths registered in the metropolitan and suburban registration districts, during the week ending 24th February, 1877, shows 172 births and 123 deaths. Of the total deaths, 63, or about 36½ per cent, were of children not exceeding the age of 3 years, 50 being under the age of one year. The sub-committee appointed to canvass for subscriptions towards the proposed new cathedral are steadily making progress, and the result will shortly be made known. This week they have been encouraged by two pro mises of £1,000 each. Messrs, Richard Gibson and Co. received a telegram yesterday from Bourke, New South Wales, informing them that over 2in. of rain had fallen there on Thursday last. It has been decided by Messrs. W. Crosby and Co., the agents of the s.s. Nemesis, not to forward the wool which was damaged by rain by the vessel, as the necessary drying process would detain the steamer too long, and seriously inconvenience the passengers who had booked for the voyage. The Nemesis will therefore proceed to sea to-day, in accordance with the advertisement. The Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company are advertising for tenders forvthere issue of £31,900 worth of debentures bearing 5 per cent. interest, and running 20 years. Tenders are to be received at half-past 10 a.m., and opened at 11 a.m., on Tuesday next. A general order issued by the Volunteer department requires unattached officers and officers on leave to state forthwith whether they desire to attend the " Camp of Instruc tion," to be held at Sunbury in Easter week. An adjourned meeting of manufacturers and others interested in the establishment of a permanent exhibition building was held at Hockin's Hotel yesterday afternoon. Mr Stevenson (of the firm of Stevenson and Elliot) presided. About a dozen persons attended. After some desultory discussion regarding the object in view, Mr. Danks moved, and Mr. Skinner seconded a motion to the effect that it was deairable to establish a permanent exhibition building in Mel bourne or one of the suburbs as early as pos sible. Mr. H. Lennon urged the desirability of the manufacturers acting in conjunction with the National Agricultural Association, who were most desirous of erecting a suit able exhibition building. If both bodies combined he thought there would be little difficulty in obtaining a suitable site. Mr. Macfarlane, the secretary of the National Agri cultural Society, repeated the statements made by him at the previous meeting viz., that the members of the society were disposed to con tribute liberally towards the erection of a permanent building if the manufacturing body co-operated with them in obtaining a good site. Several gentlemen had told him that thsy would be prepared to subscribe from £100 to £200 each, and he had not the slightest doubt that a sum of £4,000 would be almost immediately forthcoming. The resolution waa earned unanimously, and a committee of seven gentlemen, with power to add to their number, was appointed for the purpose of considering the best means of carrying out the object in view. It was decided to further adjourn the meeting until next Monday week, to allow the committee to draw up a report. The proceedings then terminated. An excellent programme has been put for ward by the Williamstown Racing Club for an afternoon a racing on the Williamstown course to day. There are six events on the card, and the fields in each race are good and of fair quality. A special train has been en gaged to leave the Spencer-street station at a quarter to 1 o'clock, and starts from the course at half-past 5 o'clock, immediately after the last race is over. With fine weather there could not be a more pleasant trip than to this prettily situated little racecourse. The usual weekly meeting of the managing committee of the Alfred Hospital was held yesterday. There were present the Hon. James Service in the chair, Messrs. Henty, Ellery, Benjamin, Burrard, and Lyell. The chairman stated that since the last meeting there had been a meeting of the managers of which it was unanimously decided to revert to the old plan of having only one resident medical officer at the hospital. The plan of having two resident medical officers at the hospital had been tried and found not to answer. The report of the Finance Com mittee recommended the payment of ac counts, amounting to £378 5s. 6d. The secretary reported that he had received a donation of £20 to the funds of the hospital from Lee Yup, of the Joss-houss, Emerald hill. The secretary was directed to acknow ledge the donation with thanks. The state of the house was reported :- Admitted since last week, 19 ; discharged, 10 ; died, 2 ; re. maining, 83 ; out pationts, 198 ; casualties, 65. It will be satisfactory to the boating clubs at Albert park to leam that there is now a sufficient depth of water in the lake to allow of rowing on it without the incon- venience of " touching bottom" at every few yards. The pumping machinery, which has been erected on the Yarra, between Brander's Ferry and Prince's bridge, commenced pump ing water into the lake on Monday last and has continued since at work day and night. The area of water surface of the lake is about 105 acres (excluding the islands), or equal to 4,600,995 square feet. It is estimated that to raise the water surface one tenth of an inch requires 240,000 gallons. The machine raises water at the rate of 1,500 gallons per minute, so that an inch is added to the depth of the lake in about 24 hours of constant working. It is intended to fill the lake to an average sailing depth of 4ft., and at the present rate of progress this will soon be accomplished. The lake will then be maintained at that depth, a sufficient supply being pumped in occasionally to compensate for evaporation or any absorption which may take place round the banks. In connexion with the supplying of the lake Mr. Skene, the Surveyor-General, is making some interesting experiments, with the object of checking on a large scale the data obtained by Mr. Ellery with regard to evaporation. On days when the atmosphere is saturated so that no evaporation takes place, the exact quantify of water pumped in being known with the depth of water previously in the lake, the quantity of water which escapes through suction round the borders of the lagoon can thus be ascertained. It will be seen, therefore, that from these data the quantity which evaporates will be pretty closely discovered, and the cause of science will thus be served simultaneously with the convenience of the pleasure-seekers on the lagoon. The quantity of weeds, &c.;, particularly in the bight near the Albert-park station, has always proved a serious obstacle to boating men taking full advantage of the expanse of the lagoon ; and as tenders will be opened on Tuesday for the clearing off of these, it is to be hoped that all grounds of complaint with regard to the con- dition of this pleasant and popular resort will soon have disappeared. The committee of the East Melbourne Rifle and Carbine Club met at the Port Phillip Club Hotel yesterday. The secretary reported that all claims against the club had now been satisfied, and that a new era in its history would begin with the March competi- tion. It is expected that the president of the club will present a trophy for competition, as on former occasions. The half-year will com mence to-day, when £5 presented by a friend of the club, will be sot for in 12 prizes, eight on total scores and four as range prizes. The Challenge Cup will also be shot for. Captain Wardill, who is expected by the mail, was unanimously elected a member of com mittee. Mr. W. Trevor Jones delivered his lecture "On the Expression of the Emotions in the Human Face," at the Lecture theatre of the Industrial Museum last evening. There was a large audience, who seemed to appreciate the merits of the lecture. A vote of thanks to Mr. Jones waa carried unanimously. An official inspection of the Engineers took place on Thursday evening, at their ground, by the officers commanding the district, Colonel Mair and his staff officer, Major J. Anderson. The corps paraded in their new undress, which in appearance is similar to the tunic, but made more loosely, and is an improvement on the tunic, and more suitable to the corps and the climate. The ranks having been inspected, the parade state showed Captains Dall (in command) and Phelan, and Lieut. Roberts, with six ser geants and 86 rank and file ; total 95, The corps piled arms and worked for a few minutes in strengthening a suspension bridge of 94ft. span between the piers, and 280ft. between the anchorages. Owing to the rain on Wed- nesday night, however, the bridge was not finished, but as it was the corps formed up and marched over the bridge in fours. Con- siderable oscillation took place owing to the absence of stays, &c.;, which had not been added for want of time. The bridge is essen- tially a field bridge, viz., made from materials likely to be found on the ground and engi- neering stores of a portable nature. It was made of colonial spars and lashed with hemp ropes. The roadway was carried by block and tackle suspenders from wire rope cables, over piers made of the spars and placed on newly-made embankments, the cables being fastened by block and tackle to logs buried in the ground, not a bolt or nail of any description being used in the con struction. The bridge was erected under the directions of Sergeant-major Morton, the instructor to the corps. The colonel-com- mandant was on the ground, as were also Lieutenant-colonel Lemarchand, Captain Bull, and other officers. Captain Dall in- formed the members that two or more bridges would have to be erected by the corps over Jackson's Creek, at Sunbury, for the ensuing encampment. The quarterly meeting of the Victorian Canary and Pigeon Society was held at 5 Collins-street west, on Thursday evening last, the president, Mr. G. P. Masterman, in the chair. Messrs. W. Harrison, C. Brache, W. Simpson, and W. Seddon were elected members of the society. The president read a letter from Mr. Charles Synott, the well known pigeon-fancier, enclosing cheque for £5 as a donation to the funds of the society, and intimating his intention of offering about £20 worth of special prizes to be competed for at the forthcoming show in July, for which a cordial vote of thanks was accorded. Several small sums were also handed in by varions members, and a number of donations, consisting of fancy poultry, pigeons, canaries, British and Australian birds were promised, which are to be disposed of on the art union principle, for the purpose of raising funds for the purchase of special prizes. The prize-list waa also taken into consideration, and after some slight amendments, was adopted. The election of two hon. secretaries, vice Messrs. Spencer and Thomas, resigned, was post poned until the May meeting. An old loafer named Charles Edward Howard was charged in the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday, with stealing a quantity of jewellery, the property of Thomas Cook. The prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment. Howard was also charged with stealing three billiard balls from the billiardroom at Whatmough's Hotel. The prisoner was seen loitering about the billiardroom on the 13th ult., and soon after his departure the balls were missed. It was proved that the priaoner pawned the balls, and the Bench sentenced him to an extra month's imprisonment for this offence. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Vic- torian Asylum and School for the Blind was held yesterday afternoon, in the Assembly hall, Collins-street. Present - Messrs. Ben son (chairman), Wilton, Hodgson, Jennings, Adamson, Ball, and the Rev. Mr. Moss, hon. secretary. Household accounts, amounting to £273 19s. 10d., and special accounts, amounting to £390 63. 3d., were passed for payment. The House Committee re- ported that the general health of the inmates was good. Mr. F. W. Harmer waa appointed musical instructor for the asylum. The resignation of Mr. Greenwood, the teacher, was accepted, and it was agreed that he should receive his full salary for the month of March. Mr. Greenwood has resigned on account of his arduous duties having affected his health. Applications have been received from a number of candi dates for the vacancy, and on the recom- mendation of the Health Committee that of Mr. Fenton was selected, and re ferrcd to Mr. I. Warren Ball for an opinion as to the capabilities of the candi- date. A letter was received from the secre- tary of the Sandhurst Benevolent Asylum requesting that several blind men in that in- stitution should be admitted to the Blind Asylum. It was agreed that a reply should be sent to that gentleman, informing him that at present the application could not be entertained, owing to want of accommoda- tion in the asylum for adults. The Show Committee of the Victoria Agri- cultural Society held a meeting on the 1st inst., at the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, to com- plete their arrangements preparatory to the forthcoming show. The tender of Mr. H. Beale was accepted for the refreshment booth for £17 5s. Several arrangements were made which will materially contribute to the convenience of exhibitors and the comfort of visitors. The secretary reported that sub- scriptions were coming in freely, and the committee are sanguine of having a success- ful show. His Excellency the Governor is expected to be present. A stonebreaker named William Bow was summoned to the Williamstown Court yes- terday, by the mayor of the borough, for obstructing the council in the transaction of their business. The man was present at the last meeting of the borough council, and per sisted in speaking after being warned by the mayor. He was ejected from the room, and proceedings were taken against him, he hav- ing on several previous occasions offended in a similar manner. He was yesterday fined £2, with £3 3s. costs, or 11 days' imprisonment in default of the penalty being recovered by distress. A man named Donny nearly lost his life at the Footscray Railway Station yesterday after noon. He was about crossing the line just previous to the down train starting for Wil- liamstown, when by some means he stumbled and fell. The accident was noticed by Mr. James Kelly, foreman of the Government dredge, who at once caught hold of Donny and pulled him from his perilous position. Had two turns of the wheels proceeded before the man had been removed, he would have been cut to pieces. It appears that an accident of some kind happened yesterday to the machinery of the s.s. Cheviot as she lay at the Australian Wharf just prior to her departure for Sydney, and that the passengers in consequence had to be left behind whilst the vessel proceeded on her voyage with cargo alone. The passengers will be sent on to Sydney to-day by the Barrabool, which last night was being got in readiness for that purpose. At 1 o'clock yesterday a fire broke out in a building situated at the corner of Coventry and Nimmo streets, Emerald-hill, and occupied as a shop and dwelling-house by Mr. Prooen, grocer. It originated in the shop, and extended to a back room. The local fire brigade, having been summoned by the inmates, were promptly in attendance, and extinguished the flames. Considerable damage was caused to the stock, which was insured for £200. The building is also covered by insurance. The origin of the fire ia unknown. A man named John Brown, aged 43 years residing in Wreckyn-street, Hotham, was admitted to the Melbourne hospital yesterday suffering from a compound fracture of a leg. He received his injury when assisting to raise a pianoforte from a dray to the second story in the premises of Messrs. Denis Bros., Bourke-street east, by falling from a window to the pavement, a distance of 14ft. In the fall he passed through a plate-glass sky- light in the verandah and lighted on a slab which covered a disused underground window, and which was thereby split in two. A small fire occurred about noon yesterday in a three-roomed wooden dwellinghouse situated in Leveson-street, Hotham, and in the occupation of a Mr. Jones. The local brigade were in attendance, and the flames were extinguished before much damage was done. The origin of the fire is attributed to children who, when playing with matches, set fire to a straw bed. Within the past few weeks a work of sani tary reform has been completed within the city of Collingwood, which is at once so simple, so cheap, and so efficacious, that the wonder is how it ever suggested itself to the municipal intellect as a right and proper thing to do. Several of the principal street gutters of the city empty themselves into a natural gully which meanders through the Collingwood Flat, and joins the Yarra just outside the Abbotsford Convent wall, but though the sewage had only between a quarter and half a mile to flow through this channel it took days to effect the passage before the recent improvement was effected, because the bed of the creek was filled with huge boulders, which hindered the stream, and dammed back the filth to putrefy in the sun and generate noxious gases. And this was all the more objectionable in that the gully passes by a very numerously-attended state school, whose inmates find the bed of the creek the most eligible play-ground in the neighbourhood, and love to eat their midday "piece" seated upon its banks. The nuisance was further objectionable inasmuch as it vitiated the air breathed by the inhabitants of the convent, several hundreds in number. But it was greatly re duced in extent by the wise expenditure of a very few pounds. Men were sent into the gully to throw the stones out of its bed on to the banks, and so let the sewage have a chance to get away. This having been done the filth that formerly took days to escape now escapes in an hour or two, and the sanitary condition of a populous district is immensely improved. The following is the musical programme to I be performed in the Victoria Arcade this afternoon :-Piano and organ, operatic sélec- tion, " Belisario " (Donizetti) ; pianoforte duet, "Grand Valse de Fascination" (Sydney Smith); piano and organ, "Tannhauaer" (Wagner) ; solo pianoforte, grand fantaaia, " Preciosa" (Weber), H. Forder; piano and orgaD, " Havelock's Indian March" (Glover) ; pianoforte duet, "The Fairy Queen Galop'1 (Sydney Smith) ; piano and organ, operatic selections, "Lea HuguenotB" (Meyerbeer); solo,pianoforte, fantasia from "Dinorah" (Meyerbeer), ThoB. Callaghan; piano and organ, " Watersprite Polka" (Scotaon Clark) ; finale, " National Anthem." Leydin's Carlton District Band will play in the Carlton-gardenB thia afternoon, from half-past 3 till half-paBt 5 o'clock. The quarterly meeting of the Municipal Service Association was held in the Athen reum last night, Mr. F. C. Smith, pre- sident, in the chair. Mr. John S. Jenkins, surveyor, town of Richmond, waa elected a member of the association, and after some routine business, including adoption of report, the meeting closed. Mr. Coinüh, the inventor of life-saving appliances, intends having a series of prac. tiuü experimenta to illustrate their ad- vantages on Wednesday next, at 4 p.m., at the Sandridge railway pier, under the pat- ronage of His Excellency the Governor, the Mayor of Melbourne, the President of the Chamber of Commerce, the Preaident of the Shipowners' Association, the President of the Humane Society, and other gentlemen interested. The opening of the Colao railway to Birre- gurra (states the Geelong Evening Times) has been postponed from the 8th to the 13th inst, on account of the Melbourne races requiring all the available carriages and men on the date first fixed. At the Bitting of the Ballarat Church of England Assembly on Thursday, a bill to constitute the council of the diocese of Bal- larat waa passed through its principal stages. A bill to conaolidato and amend the law for the trial of ecclesiastical offences was passed through committee. It waa reaolved to ac- cept the determination of the general synod of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania respecting the formation of new diooeaea. The Ven. Archdeacon Pottor was requested to undertake the work of raising subscrip tions for tho bishop's residence. A bill to provide for the constitution of a board for promoting the systematic religious instruc- tion of tho young, and for tho appropriation of moneys derived from the letting or selling of Behool lands, was passed through com- mittee. The committal of Mr. J. P. Iloward, J.P., and president of the Sbiro Council of Bania yong, on a charge of perjury, on Friday, the 23rd ult,, created much excitement in St. Arnaud. The information was laid hy James Sparks, sheep driver, of Charlton and Clunes. Mr. Townsond Macdermott appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. H. R. Warton for the defence. On the case being called, Mr. Watton aBked the Bench to strike it out, for the reason that there was already a prosecu- tion pending between the parties for perjury, in which the present accused was the in- formant, and the presont prosecutor the accused. Mr. MacDermott contended that as the case Sparks v. Howard differed from that of Howard v. Sparks, it did not affect the latter. The Bench decided to go on with the case. When Sparks was under examination, several pointed questions were put to him by Mr. Warton, with the view of teBting his credibility. Amongst other questions (says the Si, Arnaud Mercury), Mr. Warton aBked Sparks if his house was not the resort of thieves, and whether he did I not barbour convicted persons ; also if Wate houae, on acquaintance of hie, waa not a convicted thief ; bnt the police magistrate (Mr. Ogier) interposed, on the ground that the questions were improper ones. Mr. War- ton then said he had been in practice some 15 years in the colony, and he had never met so many obstructions from a magistrate bofore. Ho must decline to further proceed with the case. The police magistrate re- marked that he might be wrong, but he thought the questions improper, and would not allow them to be answered. Tho case waa then proceeded with, the polico magia trate having refused an adjournment to enablo the dofendant to procure another counael, and resulted in the committal of Mr. Howard for trial at the next Ararat AseizcB. A public meeting has been con* vened to consider the conduct of Mr, Ogier in this case, Mr. Shaw, manager of the Pheonix Foundry Company, applied to the locomotive board of inquiry on Thursday, in Melbourne, to permit him to be present when Mr, Higinbotham givea his evidence, and was informed, in reply, that every opportunity will be given to the Phoenix Company to defend itself against any charges that may be preferred against it daring the investigation. At prosent it seems (says the Ballarat Courier) no specific charges against the company have been made to the board. The Sydney Morning Herald states that should the weather be fine in Cook's Straits after the 6th inst, it is expected that the Eastern Extension Australasia and China Telegraph Company's cable ship, tl»e A ?¿(i6B' will be able to complete the '#0ik o£ ía,¡n¿ the cable across the S^^ ^ 10th lnatii when she will r»*-- ' .* TW!*» '. ..am to Sydney. <s",l aie past few days (relates the * ..ey Morning Herald of the 27th ult) a rumour was prevalent in one part of the city that some ghosts had been seen in tho vicinity of the University, and that they had taken the form of female figures In flowing robes, and disported themselves amongst the gloom? battlements after the " shades of evening " had c^sed o'er the oity. Numbera of people, intermixeo! with alargo assortment of the larrikin eleme^. congregated on several occasions in the v,|dnit» ol the wat of learning for the special purpu,aa oI h*Tf* glance at the spectral visitante, T¿ """I night they were gratified beyond thu m,," sanguine expectations. Several consv. ,,; were despatched to the scene to prevent u. order. They found a motley crowd asaemblsd, aid also saw a figure marching up the Uni- versity £?enue, dressed in a petticoat and covered with a sheet The constables imme- diately gave chase, bat this ghost waa too nimble for them. It dropped ita cerementa, vaulted over the palings, and ran across the shrubbery, where it disappeared among the people and was Been no moro. The shoet and petticoat were captured, however, and bore evidence of having been used by aome person or persons with little regard for cleanliness. "It will bo recollected," saysithe Sydney Evening News, " that the Government re- cently despatched Mr. R. D. Fitzgerald, the talented botanist, to Lord Howe's Island to report on the present state and condition of the people resident there. Mr. Fitzgerald, having performed his task, has returned to Sydney, and has forwarded a report to the Premier in which hestates :-' Since a previous visit in 18C9, the number of inhabitants have increased from 35 to 40, Owing to the sue. ceBsive failures of the onion crops, they have not been in a position to maintain communi- cation with Sydney, but are very anxious that a trade should be established with regular intercourse. They are very sanguine as to the results should a w haling and fishing station be set on foot, with the necessary boats and appliances, and have made ar- rangements with Captain Amooroo for the purpose, which I hope may prove satisfactory. They had no immediate wanta except of clothes, flour, tea, Bugar, tobacco, salt, soap> and a few other articles that the island doea not produce, No one- in the prospect of a trade being established with Sydney-was desirous of being removed from the island. Crops of a semi-tropical character succeed well, and it seems probable from a partial success with a small planting of onions thia year that the disease whioh has attacked tbem ia becoming Ieaa injurious in its effeots, and tbat onions may again form part of the exports, together with other produce, of tbe necessity of raising which the reoent failures of onions have convinced the inhabitants. A few coffee plants have grown ¡well, though evidently neglected and I have little doubt that coffee might be made an important item in the trade of the island. I therefore promised (subject to approval) that 100 plants would be cent from the Botanical-gardens as an ex- periment, together with some shelter plants, wbich are much required. The inhabitants expressed themselves as very grateful for the kind considération of the Government, and I should strongly recommend that, in the event of the arrangements with the captain of the Esperanzas falling through, the atten- tion of firma engaged in tho oil trade be directed to the island, as I bsliovo a remane, rative business might be established on terms of advantage to both the islanders and ship- owners, and thereby a regular communica- tion with the island be established." Two men named Brookman and Hopper left Maude on the 13th ult. for a new wool- shed in the course of erection on Nap Nap, but they never reached their destination. They were expected (eajatheHay Standard) to arrive at the station by a certain date, but as tbey did not arrive it was thought they bad turned back. On inquiry it was found they had not returned to Maude, and the most natural conclusion was thoy wore lost in the bush. Search was commonced about tho 20th nlt" and the dead body of Brookman waB found in the scrub, whore ho had evidently been left by his companion, who ia still missing. The cart in which they had travelled was found near the body, but the hores and a saddle they had with them were gone, and it ia supposed that Hopper rode the horse away in search of water. Tracks made by the wheola of the cart through the scrub showed that they had travelled along time in search of water, but it is considered strange that they should have driven ovor a hard beaten road several times without knowing it The dead body of Brookman was found within a few hundred yards of the rivor. Brookman is said to have stated that he was the father of the bushranger of that name. Hopper's whereabouts has not yet trans- pired. H.M.S. Sappho loft Sydneyon the 21th ult, on a six months' cruise around the South Sea Islands, her chief object, says the Eocning News, being to thoroughly satisfy the home Government as to our stability amongst the native chiofs, and, as was whispered, to keep an open eye as to the likely result of the pending Eastern question. If the weather is at all favourable, a great number of people are expected to patronise the moonlight concort in the BotanioGardens to-night. The gatea opon at half-past 7, and the concert will commence at 8 o'clock. At the Peoplo'e Concort at the Temperance hall, Rueaell-stroet, to-night, M. Do Cruix will perform on the wire, 30ft. high. Tho Hon. James Munro, M.L.A,, will take the chair, and Mr. Frank Richardson will act as conductor. The ploy " Danioheff " is still kept on the stage of the Opora-houso. The pieco con- tinues to be received with every mark of approbation by the audience. Tho Academy of Music, or as it ia maro appropriately called, the Bijou Theatre, has been fairly patronised during the past week. The management have got a very clever com- pany together, and the amusing comedy " Tho Two RoBea " ia performed in a style that receives the hoarty commendation of all those who visit the theatre. The after- piece ia the burlesque of "Aladdin," in which Mr. F. Thorne has made a great success as the Widow Twankey. Tho'diorama of the American War at St. George's Hall continues to attract a fair share of patronage. The presents which are distributed among the audience have proved a great inducement for many to visit this entertainment The Apollo hall will be re opened this even- ing by the U. S Minstrels. The company includes Mr. T. Bnckley, and Mr. I\ Hewitt, the cornet soloist, mokes his fi'Bt appearance to night The Princess's Theatre will be re opened thia evening with on acrobatic and vocal entertainment. The Rev. Dr Gilchrist, of Sydney, will lecture cn the poot Burna in the Hotham town hall on Monday evening The Barrabool, a a., will leave for Sydney at 2 p m this day, instead of Monday, as for- merly advertised The Victorian iVccman for March contains a portrait of tho late Rev James Martin,with an in mcmormm supplement, including a memoir end Bketcb. by the Rev W Poole lbe bet of the Art Union of Victoria will finally close on the 11th inet, and the drawing will take place at the gallery of the Victorian Academy of Art on the 10th inat, at 2 p m. It will be Been from our advertising columna that the omnibuses will run direct to the racecourse during the ensuing Autumn Meeting leaving the Bourke streot office ot the company evory few minutes, at the fare of Is Cd each way At a meeting of grocers' assistants held on Thursday evening rt the Argus Hotel, it was resolved that a picnic he held at Survey pad dock, on Thursday, March 22, also a so\rtt dansante tn the evening to be held at the AtbeniLunj, The members of the Williamstown branch 'iDeDACB Society mot at the Catholic choolroom on Thursday evening, for the purpose of preBenting an illuminated addresa to Mr James Dunlea, on the eve of hia eaviog the colony Mr Dunlea waa chiefly nBtrumental in forming the branch, and was ilB president, and ia now going to the old country for a trip _ 