C A R II A. BY MRS. OLIPHAÍÍT, AUTHOR OF "THE CHROKICLES OT CARUJÍGITORD," "THE PERPETUAL CITRATE," &O.; CHAPTER XXXVL.-BETWEEN THE Two. "And now she is not enjoying herself at all," said Cara ; " working very hard among the poor ' children, going to visit sick paople in the hospital. Oh yes, there would be a difference! The wife would be much tho most comfortable." "I don't like girls to be satirical," said Oswald. " It puts them out of harmony, out of drawing. Now she said something like that. She asked me in her pretty way if it would be better to make one man happy than to serve a great number of people, and take care of those who had nobody to take caro of them. This was what she said ; but she did not laugh, nor put on a satirical tone." "That shows only that she is better than I am¿" am wrong. Tour wife fit might be nice enough. I can't tell ; but it would not be a great life-a life for others, like what, perhaps, she is trying for now." " You are complimentary, Cara," said Oswald, half offended. " After all, I don't think it would be such a very bad business. I shall take good care of my wife, never fear. She shall enjoy her self. Don t you know," he added, with a laugh, "that everybody thinks you and I are going to make it up between us ?" ' Cara turned away. "You ought not to let any one think so," she said. " What harm does it do ? It amuses everybody keeping them on the stretch for nows. They think we are actually engaged. Tho times that Edward has tried to get it out of mo-all particulars and my mother, too. It is far too good a joko not to keep it up." " But, Oswald, I don't like it. It is not right." " Oh, don't be so particular, Cara. I shall believe you are going to be an old maid, like Aunt Cherry, if you aro so ¡Jreciso. Why, what possiblo barru can it do ? It is only keeping them on the rack of curiosity while we are laughing in our sleeves. Besides, after all, Cara mia, it is just a chance, you know, that it did not come to pass. If it had not been for her, and that sho turned up just when she did-" " I am much obliged to you, Oswald. You think, then, that it all depends upon you, and that the moment it pleased you to throw your handker chief-" Do not be absurd, my dear child. You know I am very fond of you," said Oswald, with such a softening in his voice, and so kind' a look in his eyes, that Cara was quite disarmed. Ile put his hand lightly upon her waist as a brother might have dono. " We have known each other all our lives-we.shall know each other all the rest of our lives. I tell you everything-you are my little conscience keeper, my adviser. I don't know what I should do without you," he said, and, being of a caressing disposition, Oswald bent down sud denly, and kissed the soft cheek which was lifted towards him. There were two doors to thc room-the one most generally used was in its second division, the back drawing-room ; but another door opened directly out upon the staircase, and the two wore standing, as it happened, directly in front ot this. By what chanco it happened that Miss Cherry chose this door to come in by, and suddenly, softly throw it open at this particular moment, will never bo known. There is somethiug iu such a salutation, especially when nt all ambiguous in its character, which soerns to stir up all kinds of malicious in ti nonces for its betrayal. The sudden action of Miss Cherry iu opening this door revealed tho little incident not only,to her but to Edward, who was coming up tho stairs. Cara rushed to the other end of the"room, her face scorching with shanie ; but Oswald, more used lo the situation, stood I1Í3 ground, and laughed. "Ah, Aunt Cherry, aro you really going?" he said, holding out his hnnd to her, while Edward stalked into the room like a ghost. said Cara, slightly still ; " but not that I 1 Of all the party, Oswald i was. tho .'least discorii posed. Indeed it rather pleased him, Iiis vanity and his sense of fun being both excited. Ho had a 1 kind of notion that Edward was jealous, and this , added to his mischievous enjoyment. Where was tho harm ? : . . I "Yes, I am going, away," said Miss Cherry, I " and jjerhaps it is time- though I sometimes don't ' know whether 1 ought to go or stay " she added, mournfully, with a glance nt her niece. Cara had turned her back upon the company, and was in the other room arranging some music on the piano, with trembling lingers. She coidd not bear either ! reproach cr laughter, for her shame was excessive, and out of all proportion to tho magnitude of the offence, as was to be expected at her years. . "Oh, you must not be uneasy about-Cara," said Oswald, lightly. " Cara will bo well taken care of. We will take care of her.- I must go now, Cara. Good morning. I am going to look, after1 the business I have boen tolling you of. Why, thor o is nothing to make a bother about," he said, in an undertone. " Cara! crying ! why, what harm is done?" "Oh, toll them, Oswald; if you have any pity for mo, toll them!" . . "Toll them what? there'is nothing to tell, if they put foolish constructions on the simplest inci dent, it is not, oui'- fault. Good-bye, only look unconcerned as 1 do ; there, is no possible.' harm done." .? ' , ? - . '?' ä - ? ?? And with this he wont away, shaking hands with Miss Cherry, who jwas vej-y palo 'with, agitation ¡and disapproval. As for Edward, he; gave her a ! very formal message from his, mother: about a drive which Cara was;to take with her in tho after noon. He scarcely spoke to tho girl ..horself,_who, indeed, kept in the background and said nothing. Edward had grown quito: pale]; he bowed in a formal way, and spoke 'so stiffly that Miss Cherry was almost drivou to self assertion. " Pray don't let Mrs;:Meredith tako any troublo about Cara's drive," she said, drawing herself up. "Cara can get"an airing very easily.it tuis'is trou blesome." ? : - : > " What I said, wfis that my mother would call at four," said the young man ; and he bowed again, and went away. : ,'.. ' , , With what a heavy heart he went downstairs, not seeing the pitiful look Cara'stole at him as he went out, this 'stimo through thc legitimate door, the neglect of which had caused all4the mischief ; no, not the neglect, but Oswald's .dreadful, wicked levity, and her own (as it almost seemed) crimö. - " 1 ani going away,!' said Miss Cherry, with dig nity. " I will not ask you what you don't choose to tell, nie, Cara." ..I-have seen enough for,myself ; but' I can't help. saying that ;i ; go ; with a heavy. heart. 'Your father' and you kaye jbotli gone out of my reach. It is not for íné 'to, blame you.', I am old-fashioned, and 'prefer,-old,' ways,,and,;ijerhapa, it is you who know best.". . , . .,, .. " Oh, Aunt Cherry," said* the girl, ima passion of tears. " What can , I 7sayf,fp '^you'rV j,.You'.' aro mistaken, indeed y ou are,mistaken. '<* I,ani not con cealing any thing.' ."?',.'?"7 7,l> "n 77;*': , , ' We will not speak of at mi dear," said Miss Cherry, with trembfirig'lips..', ^ "iou are mit of ¿iv reach, both, your father and you., Oh,' when I think how things used to be J What' a gopd^'child you were-so true, sq transparent'! and''iinw I 'don't seem to know what truth is-E very thing is .mud dled up. Oh, I wonder if it is our fault ! . They say that to have a mother,* is everything; but I thought 1 had tried to be like a mother," cried Miss Cherry, giving way to the inevitable tears. "I am not false," said Cara, putting her aims round her. " Oh, Aunt Cherry, believe mo; I did not know what he was going to do. It was to thank me, because he had been asking-rhy ad Vice-" '. -:' :v'';\ .;' . :'.. . ' : - ? " Your advice !. Ah, you will bo fine guides to each other, if- this is how you. treat: your-¡best friends," said Miss Cherry. But she yielded a little to the girl's caressing, and dried !h'er^yës, 77*} t ain going away with a, heavy. heart," she. a'dded, ,after this partial making-up, shaking her head sorrow fully. " I don't lqipw .what it 'is 'all coming to. Ile is never at home-alwayst/ieré i^aùà you-. In my time we thought of what was ; right, not only what we liked best ; but' they tell iu0n all the books; that tho World is 'getting wiser, and knows better every day. I only ; hope you - will find-it so. "Oh, Cara," said Miss Cherry, "it is thought a mean tbinçf to say that honesty is tho best policy, though it was the fashion once. ; but it is. I don't mean to say that is tho highest way of looking at it ; but still it is so. For ono vexa tion you may have by speaking tho truth, you will find a dozen from not speaking it. I wish you would think of this. But I will not say any more" " I am not a liar," said Cara, with a wild indig nation in her heart which was beyond words ; and she refused to speak agaiii, 'and saw her aiiht off with a throbbing heart, but neither tears ñór.words beyond what were absolutely needful ; never had she parted with anyone in this way before. She came in and shut herself up in her room, directing tho servants to say that she was ill, and could not drive when Mrs. Meredith came for her. Honesty tho host policy ! What breaking up of heaven and earth was it that placed hor amid'all these shadows and falsities, sho whose7spirit re volted from everything that was oven doubtful ? She lay down upon her Uttlo bed, and cried herself not to sleep, but into tho quiet of oxhaustion, Aunt Cherry, who had boen likp her mother to her, had gone away wounded and estranged. Edward -what a countenance his had been as he/túrned and wont out of tho room ! And Oswald, who had draggod her into this false position and Svould not clear her, laughed ! Cara hid her eyes from.'the light in ono ot those outbursts of youthful despair which are more intolerable than heavier sorrows. Such pangs have before now driven young souls to. desperation. She was hemmed in, and did ne4 know what to do. And where iu all the worki was she to find a friend'now? While she was lying there in despair, Oswald, walking along lightly, could , scarcely keep .him self from laughing aloud when he thought of this strange misadventure. I low absurd it was ! Ile hoped Miss Cherry would not be too hard ivpnn Cara-but he took the idea of the scolding she would receive with a certain complacence as well ! as amusement, lt was as good as a play; Miss .Ulrcrry's look of horror, the blanched, face of the virtuous Edward, and poor little Cara's furious blush and overwhelming shame. What an innocent child it must be to feel such a trifle so deeply! Bat they were all rather tiresome people with their punctilios, Oswald felt, and the sooner he had emancipated himself, and settled independently, the better. Thanks to that sensible old governor, who, alter all, could not have chosen a better mo ment to die in, there was no need for waiting, and nobody had any power to raise difficulties in res pect to money. No, he could please himself ; he could do what he liked without interference from anyone, and he would do it. He would win his little wife by his spear and his bow, without inter vention of the old fogeys who spoil sport ; and when the romance had been exhausted they would all live happy ever after like a fairy tale. As for any harm to be done in the mean time, any cloud ing of other lives, he puffed that into the air with a " Pshaw, nonsense !" as hu would have puffed away the smoke of his cigar. But it surprised him when ho returned home to find his mother in tears over Edward's resolution, after all, to carry out his original plan, and go out to india. Mrs. Meredith was broken-hearted over this change. " I thought it was all settled. Oh, Oswald, there are but two of you. How can I boar to part with ore of my boys ?"she said. . ** Well, mother, hut you had made up your mind to it ; and, to tell the truth, it is a shame to sacri fice such prospects ns his." said the eldor son, with exemplary wisd >ra. " I am sorry, since you take it so to heart ! but otherwise, one can't deny it's the best thing he could do." (TO DU CONTINUED.) 