' WES « SiCiTGfSB. , AN OPEN VERDICT-* .„= . '. A NEW NOVEL Br THE A-tTTHOR OF ' LA.DT AuDIiET'S SkOHHT,'' 'Takes -at the Flood,' 'Db.u- Mua'a SH.OES,' ' WBAVEU3 AND WEFT,' ?&«. CnirTER XXIX.—' 'Why was sir Cjressid iutjh so Haiu- to Win ?' Slowlj anil gradually health and strongth came back to Beatrix Harefield. Tho family life at the. Vicarage was a new thing to her. It was' a M new thing to live in a house whore evaryboilj M ?wo3 cheerful, aud whore people seomod £on4 of M her. Tho library wa3 her favorite room, and Mr,' M Dulcimer her chosen companion. Whether sho If was silently absorbed in hia boblc, or laid it down, || as ho verj' often did, to talk to her, Uoatrix;iotinU ffl his society all sufficient. She road and etudiod m at a table ho had allotted to her, apart from him, || and yet near him. Under his guidance fiho real m tho books that filled her mind with tho :best M material— she climbed from height to height ml upon- the hills of knowledge. New worlda wera M opened to her that sho had never dreamed of, ani M she.wcnt ia and found that there wore pleasant M regions ia those strange worlds. Science, which || she had only known as a namo, opened its M treasuro-houso for her. ., Art, which aho .Ii&l; M known almost as vaguely, was revealed to !hor, M v?ith all its ruyslerios aud beauties unkaowa '-to W the ignorant. And Poetry, bo3t and swooteSt of M all, in her mind, openod tho door to a fairy 'land of inexhaustible delight. Sho did not forgot Cyril, bnt sho learned to look with a calm disdain upon her mnligner3 in Little Yafford, and sho wa3 almost happy. Beforo tho cad of March Mrs. Dulcimor hafl' broken altogothor with Miss Coyney, after robuk ing that ancient sibyl ia no moa3urod phrase for her want of chanty, 'I fchall novor drop in to tea hero again,' said Mrs, Dulcimer, 'Ko, Misa Coynoy, not if wo both woro to livo for a hundred yoara.' 'I shall bo very sorry for that,' replied Misa Coynoy, silting very erect boUind her oval tea* tray, and vath hor gazo fixed upon hor oileor teapot, marked with JCing Goorgo'a pig tail, finil M an heirloom, 'Imt I cannot alter my opinion; || even,' with a tromnlous raovemont of her cannou E curlti, 'for Iho privilogo of rctaiuiag Mrs. « Dnlcimer'3 friendship. I can only cay— and i B aliall rmy whilo tho nov/or of speech is left mo— if thai Miijs Harofield is a yoUHg persou I woulll E never consent to rccoivo in my houso— no— uot i£ 1 hor thousands woro millions.' li ' Fortvuititely Miaa Ihrofiold dooa not want to 1 como into your hoiiuc,' retorted Mrs, Dulcimor, b very rod and angry, and with all her f rilliags and 1 puilings iu agitation 'Tliousandii indood. Do you 1 csupposo Jieatrix Jlnroliuld'u forluno hus any 1 iulluencc with Mr, Dulcimor or mo?' 1 'I don't prcHumo to opcculato upon 'Mr,1 I Dulcimor'a motives or youro, but I lieliovo tU» 1 Coronor'u jury would lmvo como to a rory I diflovoul vordicl if Miiia llarofiold had booa poor and a utrunger. Look (it tho -non who woro oa tho jury. Why thoro wui Haslopo tho rjrooor, who liu'i aorvod tho Wator Houso ovor uinco ha baa booa in tlio trade ; aud ilidawoll tho upbolfltoreo - v/ho lut'A tho order for tho funeral. Slavish crcat urea wlio hnvo fattonod upou tho HaroGoLl family. Of courao they would not coudomu -tho , (laughter of their patron !' ' What proof oan you brin0 ngainst hor ?' . ' Kuough to hang hor if aho had boon anybody oIho/' BtliJ Mw» (Joynoy. ?' Why did aho buy llt»t I luniUvnuin?' \ ' / I 'For her own ujo,' ' | I ' Au,' Aaid MUa Ooynoy^ ' '' , ? I Tlicro in n groat deal of moantojj iatho -niono* I uylUtblo 'AUI'ifHboutto«d wUU*gr»TO»b«k'o I of tbe Load, a lightening of tbla lips, ana a pro- I loDgallon of tono. , f I 'Idou'tlulnkUioroia any GbrWUnn fcitUqg I in Iiillio Y»0*onl,' oxolaiuioi Mm, Diildmw- I tUviwiiig on a light glovo aad buratiug It iu-v I ruiuous mannor, , I 'Kxccpt at tho Vlcarftgo,' nnoorod filr*.' I Coyney. . I ' Tlio plago in given ovor to a pnok of {trying oli\ )uu\ilu und «vltot«l old bftlohcloiii,' 'Tliuultyou,'»aUlMI«(Ooyuoy( with wllhoriuff tinronmu, ? -, I Blioiosoto ftoqoinpfitiy Mm. Duloliuor to tbo ftjOr. She wan not going to fail in politnea* ovenv tfrfl/departing foo. ' .'jiflijoil afternoon, and good-bye,' said tBo, \- Vim's wife, walking along tho littlo garden path witb (in atr of shaking tho dust ofe Miss Cojnoj'a tenement from off hor shoos. ViQxa thia timo forward Mrs. Dulcnncr. took Beatrix under hor wing. Sho forgot that bIio: 'ftO bad? shared tho dark suspicions of Littlo iTafford. It was in her mind as -if thoso eaa yifiionshadnovor been. Slio was a woman who Jiyedifrom hand to mouth. Hor ideas wcro tho ideas of to-day j yesterday's convictions went for sotting. Sho told Rabocca that sho waa- dis gusted with tho pcoplo of Littlo Yaflbrd for thoir Infamous conduct to Beatrix ; and Il3bccca, who, ? though of too sterling 'metal to bo a limc-servcr, loved1 to ploaso her mistress, wont over to Miss Barefield's party, and dcfondoJ her stoutly at all Mtchon tsa-particB. And Sir Kcnrick? Sir Keniick, who had always despised her slandorcra, wa3 now Beatrix Haiefiold's moat ardout champion. Uo had begun by thinking that sho would maka an admirable miatresa of Gulvorhouso Castlo : ho endod by being very suro that aho would mako an adorablo 'nifo. Ho loft off fishing for sulky piko. in tho reedy pools and inlets, of tho windiflg rivor, and openfc hia days hanging about the Yicar ogOj idle and happy, and very much in tho way of other people's industry. Sho lynx eyes of Mrs. Dulcimor, trainod to see very far into- all budding lores, wore quick to perceive tho state of affairs. Sho was delighted, and forgot that sho had ever abandoned her plans foi tho union of tha impoverished Culvorhouse estate and tho fat fields and rich pastures of the Harefiold property. It seemed to hor tho realis ation of hor own idea. She took Kenrick's young affection under her protection ; she smiled fondly upon the unconscious Beatrix. She was full of Machiavellian schemes for leaving the two young people in each other's society. Tho end of Kenrick's leavo was drawing near. Things wore . getting desperate, Mrs. Dulcimer thought. It must be now or never. Sho oven went so far as to tell Kenrick so. ''Faint heart never won fair lady,' she said. yj know she likes you.' '*' I hope you won't think mo conceited if I Cgree with you, but I really think she does,' raid Kenrick, remembering that curious fainting fit on the first evening of Misa Harefiold's visit. Ho took heart of grace next day, finding Bea trix alone in the library an hour or so before tho late tea. It was a windy, afternoon, lato in Starch, tho Tsky dull and gray, tho wood fire glowing redly, Beatrix seated in her low chair beside tho hearth, with a book on her lap, deep in thought. *'X don't wonder you admire Pascal,' aho said, ?without looking up, as Kenrick came towards the hearth. ' His ia a most delicato wit.' 'I am sorry to say I don't know any tiling abou t tha gentleman,' Baid Kenrick. 'Did he write plays or novels ?' ' I bog your pardon. I thought you were Mr. Dulcimer.' 'Yaa. taa£ mo for a better man than I am, All thaw nrwa of sober old books are Greek to Bic— worse than Greek, for I do know that— by sight. I wonder that you can. find so much happiness in this dry.as-dust collection of tho dear Vicar's.' . ' I don't know about 'happiness,' answored Beatrix, with a faint sigh, ' I find forgofcful Hoas. I suppose that is almost as good*' ?' Thoro cannot bo much in your young life that you can wish to forget,' said Konrick. '. Thoro is very littlo in it that I caro to ro membor.' ' Eraao it altogether from your memory then, nnd begin a now life from to-day,' said Konrick flinging himsolf head foremost into a gulf of un certain issues, liko a new Marcus Curtius, ' Lab tho beginning of a brighter and happior lifo dato from to-day. You aro one of thoso flowers of earth which acorn to bo born to blush unscon. You, who aro so worthy of lovo and admiration, Lavo lived hiddon from thoso who could admiro and approciato. But if a real and unmeasured lovo in tbo present can compensate for your losses in tho past that lovo is youra, Beatrix. I love you as I no vor thought I should love. I did not Itnow that it waa in my naturo to foci as Btrongly aa I fool for you. Stop— do not nuawor mo too quickly,' ho cried, reading rojootion in hor look flauho turned to him with tho fiio-light chining ca hor face. ' You will say, porhapg, ' I am rich and you aro poor. How am I to boliovo in your truth?'' 'I am not capablo of thinking moanly of you,' rmmvorod Beatrix. 'But you ask mo what ia Jmuosaiblo. I havo intido up my mind uover to marry.' ' Will you toll mo tho roa3oa J' 'That ia my socrot.' 'I am not to bo answered so easily, Beatrix. 1 lovo you too woll to loso you without a atriigglo. I havo spoken too soon, perhaps. I havo boon too procJpitato. But I nm to go back to India in a low wooke— and I should liko to roturu with ft bow happiness— with at loast tho prombo of your lovo.' ' I havo no lovo to fiivo you. If you could eco into tho bottom of my heart you would bo hovritlod fit lit) omptlno!)M. Tho warmoat fooling I havo is Kifttitudo to my friondu tho Duloimora. Yco, I think that ia tho only human fooling you would discover in ray heart. That ia why I liko to livo among thario boolcu. Thoy aro ft world in tlioni* uelvea, Thoy givo nio do!igul ami ask no lovo in return,' 'Hut I am not lilto tho hooka, IJosUriy, I aak 'or your lovo, uml I will not ho oaaily doulod.' And thou ho told hor liiu dream about Culvor houBO Oatitlo. IIo\y oho wui to roign tUoro— not liko hlu mothur in uilouco, louolluoua, aud eccludlou— but iu all tho power of youth, beauty And wonlth, and a qaoou of county uoeloty, tho etntro and fooua of a happy world of he* own, tevod, admired, and rovoroud. \ . MI,'oxolalmodUuattlx, 'I, who h»vo boon v tvspootod of poitouiou my fatbort' ; 'That shiunoful slander lmi uover ponotrntod begond this oontoinuUblo holo,' said Kenriok, tcry diirojpootful to Ltttio Yafford In tho warmth «l hla indignation. 'For Qod'a tako, Do^trlv,: Snot lot that foul loandal wolgh lu your wind. rhnp« that 1« tho roMon you vojuot wo,' Uo, jtf4«& slowta boliovo that ho bad bow tuUtakon sbefrikft ftneUd hlnuelf boloYQd, ' ! \- '&?,* answered) Beatrix, ' hut the onlfcman 1 ever Ibvcd refectGd' me for that reason.'' |. ^O/'fiaidKonricfi, dbopfjunortifiaifc . . ' After thia confession no couTd no longer doublf that ho had mistaken Beatrix's feeling* towards him. He wm citout for some minutes, and' then ho esclaimad auddenly. ' . ? ' That mam was my cousin Cyril.' : 'Ho was.' 'Then my conain Cyril 'm. a mean hound.' ? ; ' Do you want mo to Bato yon,' cried Beatrix, angrily. 'Ho ia not moan. Ho is all tbat i* : good and noblo. Why should hig puro lifo bo sullied by tho taint that has fallen upon mine ? Hs, a clergyman, could not afford to take a wifo whom men havo suspected of evil. Ho is liko Coisar. His wifo must bo abovo suspicion. Ho loved me ones. Ho will love mo always, perhaps, a littlo bolter than all other women, as I shall lovo him to the end of lifo, abovo all other men. But he has chosen something better in this lifo than a woman's love. He harj givon himself to tho aorvico of Gfod, No unholy thing must come within tho voil of tho teraplo. Nothing stained, not even with tho suspicion of sin, must entor there. A priest's wife must bo BpotloaV ' If ho could suspect you,' oxclaimcd Kenrick, vindictively,. ' ha ia unworthy ? ' 'Oh, for pity's sako do not suggest! that,' interrupted Beatris. ' I cannot bcliovo that ho could suspect mo — having onco known and Iovod me. It was not his suspicion, but the evil thought of others, that partod us.' '*- 'Then ho ia a coward,' cried Kenrick, honestly angry. ' A man's choice of Iris wifo ia a question of Wo or death for himself. Ho ia both craven and fool if ho allows other people to bo tho arbitoro of his fato.' ' But you do not understand,' urged Beatrix, pleading for tho man who had brokon her heart. ' It ia his office — ' 'His office be. ? ' He might havo said something vory shocking if Mrs. Dulcimer had not come in at thia moment. Sho found Beatrix ia tears, and Kenrick pacing 1 np and down the room with a distracted air. These two facts indicated that somothing decisive had happened, and Mrs. Dulcimer thought from Kenrick's face that tho somothing was of an unsatisfactory natuio. 'How provoking.' sho thought. 'It really aeems as if no plan of mine is to succcod.' Beatrix did not appear at the tea-table. Sho sent an apology by Rebecca. Sho had a head acho, and would go to bed early. Kenrick was absent- minded and oat of spirits. Tho meal, usually bo cheerful, was eaten in Eiloneo; Mr. Dulcimer hail picked np a queer little seventeenth century copy of Boileao at great Yafford that morning, and looked at the tail pieces and initials as ho took his tea. : ' Stop and smoko your cigar here, Ken,' said Mr?. Dulcimer, when tea waa orar, and Sir Kenrick was about to follow his host to tho library. 'But don't you disliko smoko in thia room S' ' Not for onco in a way. Yonr cigars aro very rnild, and Rebecca,, will tir tho room well to morrow morning. I want to havo a chat with you.' '.Dolighted,' said Kenrick, sitting down oppo site Mm. Dulcimer's work-tablo. Ho had a shrewd suspicion of what was coming, but ho felt that it would comfort him to pour his woes into a friendly car. Ho know very woll that Mm Dulcimor had set her heart upon his manyiog Misa Harefield. 'What had you boen doing to make Beatrix cry 2' asked tho Vicar's wifo, coming straight to tho point. ' I had asked hor to bo my wife.' 'What, they woro tears of joy then!' cried Mrs. Dulcimer, ' Quito tho contrary. Sho had rejected me— flatly.' 'Oh, Konrick! But why 2', ' Sho did not condescond to enter vory minutely into hor reasons, but I boiiovo tho principaf ouo 13 that oho docau't caro for mo,' 'Oh, Konrick,' cried Mra. Dulcimor, in exactly tho saino tono aa before. ' What a pity.' ' Yos, it'a rogrotable. If my first thought woro hor fortune and tho good it would do to Culver hoaso.Ishoulddosorvouiyfato. But that la only my second thought. I lovo hor vory dearly. If eho woro tho poorest littlo nursery governess in tho county I should lovo hor just tho samo, aud would tako her back to India with mo and work for hor and bo infinitoly happy with her all tho days of my lifo.' ♦♦ But hor money would pay off thoso mortgages, and oa Lady Culvorhouso sho would havo a leading position in your part of tho country.' 'Sho would bo admired and adoroJ,' e.iid Keuriok, 'It would bo in ovory way cuch a snitablo match,' protested Mrs. Dulcimor, a romark uho wan iu tho habit ot making about ovory pair oC young pooplo. whoso footsteps .sho wished to direct to tho hymeneal altar. ' Really human nature ia vory porvcrae.' Sho rememborod how i;;nomiuioiiyly sho had failed iu hor desiro to beuout Cyril and BulJa ; aud uoro ww thin more important nchouio apparently (loomed to fiuluro. 'It ia vory difiicuU to oorvo ono'a follow.men,' uho said, pvuuoutly. ' But tUia is not a buaium to bo f.hou up lightly, Konrick. This foolish {;ul is Mr. Dulcimor'u ward, and it ia hia duty to uco hor ndvantc^coualy cottlod iu life Now Cloiuunt h lUo very last man to think ot BUoh % thing. Uo couaidor-j ho has doao hia duty whou ho has ctveu Beatrix tho ruu of hia library.' 'Yu8t'tiaid Konrick. ' It is dear Dulcimer's only fault to conu'ulor boolu tho boginuiug, middle, aud oud ot life,' 'Somothiug must bo dono,' doolored Mm. Daloiraor, with a aadd«a accouioa o{ energy, ' Beatiix ought to marry, and aho ought to marry a KM.ot. votltiou, I caunob imaglno ft uoro luitablo husband than youruolf. Ooiuo, E-nri«k be frwsk wiih mo. Yoa havo not told mo every thing. Ttoro muBt bo bouio othor reaaou. Don't you romombw an adotlulon Beatrix tuado »X that dw&dtul; l«(\«4«tT Thoro vt«a a lovo vMt of wliioh hor UUwt dbutpprovod, NotttUm » but a* nrlotaitaohmont could ptovoat hor occcoutlttg yoo. Ilool convlnaod U avu»t bo that,11 i :j 'It in that,' wmwored Kcnriok. 'Y***^ Ko«p « «o«»t, t iupno««, Mis, J)ul«lmMitt -* My duar Kontlok, I hato kept huudtoObu' t Th&wa;»l».a^bafcJiIra,IXfjlcim8»fo]rgoit-*'a-ld. ; howahoita time sfia baikepfe them. ThaVwarV wifo'a sccrat oftodajr itm {fie town-erior's v&ntX-; of Uj-raorrow. ' \- 'Then I'll trust jjoo- with tho cine to the mystery. There ia ft prior attainment— ta my attain; Cyril.' - . : ' ' 'Good' hcavons,' oselaimed' MwDnlabner; 'TBen tbat ia why bo was atf indifferent to poor. Belfa Scratchel!,. tho vory girl for him.' 'Ho ia a contemptible car,' saidKeflrick. Ho went on to abnso his Cousin roundly. It waa a good thing for him, no dbobt, that Cyril; had behaved so badly, for it gavo Eenrick. josi tho chanco that Beatrix wonldpat the falsa lover. out of her mind and marry tho true one..' He told Mrs, Dulcimer everything, ' Something masti bo done,' sho eaifl, finally* ami cho mado np hor mind that she, Sslina. Dulcimer, waa the right person to nndortaSa tlio Chaiier XXX.— SoniiiiittiG Musi ls Doku. Before Sir Kenrick'a leavo had come to aa end Mrs. Pipor had gone to the land where there aro no sordid cares, no guawing doubts aa to the honesty of servants, no heart- corroding regrets at Iho wastofulnc£3 and oE-penJiture of a largo houechold. Mrs, Piper had gone to that undis covered country, whero we may fairly hopo that for thone who bavo lived harmlessly upon earth all ia peace. Mr. Piper drove his smart littlo pony cart about tho covrc.try roada and through the village street aa ttsnx), but ha wore an altered countenanco and crapo to the top of hik tali hat. Ho no longer had a noisy greeting for every ono, no longer quoted Jerouiy Bcnlham or William Cobbotfc. Never T7O3- widower more disconsolate than Ebcnezer Piper. Honestly and truly he mourned tho careful partner of his youth and maturity. 'Thero wasn't a finer girl ia Great Yaffdrd when mo and aha waa married,' ho aaid dote fully, after a brici eulogium of L:s domestic virtues. * Mrs. Piper's monument was to bo tba glory1 of Iho village churchyard. . Mr, Dulcimer was too iudulgont and easy to insist upon a rigid Kstlieticisru in the memorial which tho living erected in honor of tho dead. There was a good deal of bad taste in God's Acre at Little YafTord, but Mr. Piper wa3 destined to put up the cap on tho edifico by tho gaudiest and most expensive mausoleum that over the chief stone mar-on of Great YafFord' fiad dovised'or executed. It waa to ho a sarcophagus of the jewel casket shape, with four twisted columns, liko candle ctick3 at tho cornors, and a tall urn Burmonnting tao lid. Each, of ths columns was of a different colored marble, tho urn was dark izd serpentine, with a malachite serpent coiled round it. The urn was supposed, to contain JEie. Pipfcr's dost, tho serpent indicated that physician's and dostor'3 stuff had not been wanting iu tho effort to Leap. Mrs. Piper longer upon earth. Scattered over Iho Hated lid of tho sarcophagus were to bo flowers sculptured out c£ colored, marble, end cemented on to tho white groundwork. The sides of tho sarcophagus woro to bo decorate! frith shields, richly emblazoned with tho Piper arms.-. Mr. Pipoi's arms woro hia own composition, hia crest a branch of tho cotton plant, with Cowers and fruit ; his motto, Ex juc. Altogether tho monument was to bo a xron-Jox* ful thing, aud Mr. Piper felt a prido in contemplating tho sketches which tho mason had caused to bo made, and in picturing to himsalf tho effect of tho whole \;hcn this great work Ekould bo finished. Tho Piper children, in black frocks, and £n/a stato of semi-orphanage, wero . a littlo more troublesome than they had bceniu colored frocks, an I with au invalid mamma as a eourt of appeal; They brought tho ghost of their lost pareat into ovory argument. 'I'm suro Mar couWa't have wished me to learn thrco vorba in oaa morning,' said Elisabeth Fry. ' I think Mar would have let mo off ray lessons if I had o, sick headache,' remonstrated Mar; Waicneroft. ' I shall do my duty to jou whether yon liko it oi not,' said Ealla, resolutely. ' Ah, you'd hotta? takacar-i !'? cried Broagham. ' Maria in heavon whero aho can sea overjtliinf} you*ro up to, and won't sho maio it disagreeable ior you when you gat there. It' jou over do,1' added tho bay, in a doubtful tune, ' but I don't think you stand much ch&noo; if you go ou making our lives a misory with latin grammar.' Now that poor Mrs. Piper had laid down her load of earthly care, MissScratchell restricted hst visits to tho Park to purely professional limits. Sho entered tho schoolroom puustually at nine, sho sho left it as punctually at half«past ono, Sho no longer assistcl &i; tho children's early ditmer, a meal which Mr. Pipor, whoa at homo, shared under tho uamo of. lonsheon. Boll* had a keen souso of tho proprieties, and did not car* ^o uit down to luuchcon \nih a disconsolate widower, or to givo Mr. Piper any opportunity to pour hU gricfj into hor oar, as ho would ftiia haro dono vory of tcu. Mr. Piper traa oi ft soft and affect* iouato naturo, uud when ho told hia grids to a young woman ho could not refrain from taking hor baud, and ovoa OM«ionally B-ittoaiDff it- Thia Bella could not xwssibly ponnit. Sho therefore carefully avoided allcourctutioasikbout tho lato Mrs. Piper, and aa far aa ww pwcUoable, sho avoided Mr, ¥i\wt himself. - ?? U sooms vtty 'ard* complsined tto xttdowor, ' that tho timo whoa ft nut fotth toaetomtsi is a Unto for oTerjbody t» wldo Mw, Yotr might as vroll atop, Mi» Sirakh«U, ftnd eat your bit o( diuuor \»Uh. mo «d th« flialdwa. Yoa vraa** set lamb and iipar row gna»«,thomNH 'I know X aWl n«Ww wpUod S«1U, 'bat I wculd r&lhw; not il«j- ttkttak yo«j Mfv ripen,' .'Whynotr ' %v '* ' 11 My ttOtuor wnnts tto &t; home.* ?'Showut waut yoa moro uwr th*n tho did trhoa poor Mr* I! ? wm'; &liv;«t Yoa novtr wfuwd to 8ton th«Bi' 'I (Ud not liko to rtsfaso dwi- Mrs. rii-cr when oho waa aa invalid aa«L wwittd o\ory ono's ?jtnp&tbj;*' ' '. ' Yoa'ro fteoQ&yttiod; gu),*1 »id Piper, tpprov tnft'f'. *'I ^«0W nhtA jour motiTO b, Y«a tbittK i| (kbt propoc to'oftt jour bit oi dinner vita uto vow I'm ft ttiitoww, though there's nil tho tulldwa to keep jou ia coantcnanco, You Ltbuk ifcmght set tbfc oEt Ubto» vgt ttto item. ,. , ''IteeTtaary/daBAiwtwittaeppdSfeift itk&&,' replied Balls, amHiD^ 'fBtrtI.rea%«w«ete* at hom^ Ids, Viper, and .{ onato'C»f-«*aUdiife here. Jam going ftt dnnfc itft tit tto Vka/tigp ? ? tMffereBiogr'* ,, ? ? - ' , . i . « Afr,?' Bigbed Mr. Epcs. « l^nfift M j«m girl. It. eeemo. to na tbaC everybody; want* yea. ; Ishaltsend too a- bomDe ot my early t&uiow; 'ffrassi,' *.-...' . . 'P»I,dorftiakftti8'tMiibIe.'' ; ' Yea, 1 shali. It costa mo. about otfAeea pence a stick, gp it ought ta ba gotO, Eat 'orti. caUaraiamj/ohbjt'*' : Itmnatbaob8crwitfeat'al«WBglfcMA.Ep« was a student oi Oobbettj. and. bad taaghtbimasJX a jittla LUin, be had oesaz beeaahlo Uf- eoaqoei ; the- mysteries of hia airotongnar. C»8^11 spoke as bad Eoglisb aa in taa-dft;»vhes- ha vaa- a. factory hand and had xtaree natLa-iasagB of 'Cobbolfs strong tracy- pr«3e,« psadffled ma a thesis ol Bsntham's, ; Bolla and Beatrix ^era good friend* n*ni^ %& not such friends as thay had- bteBf a jear— oi even six months ago-. There was z xffitatint co both sides. Baatrii coold cot- hare t/M wbj- it waa, ba&itccemedtahertha;&iberavaftaebanaa.; in iiorsalt, and a still groatar ehaags ia Eella. Bella knew vory ttcII vrhat it vaathat Bttdefier uncomfortable ia Ussz Harefield's eodetf-. It was the scaled letter ia i&hidmg; place ia Belt's shabby old bedroom. That esal&J; ieJJbex vagfceiL like a load of iron npoo. Bella's conadaasa vfisa she found herself in Beatrix's company ; aatf jet ahowaa gladtiiatEha hod done -thia thing, if it had bsen tha means o'f parting Cyril and. Bsairix. She vrould lika to haveaeentheia parted even znoro irrevocably, eo thai undar no exKvcastaacis could time oi chanco bring them together agsis. She was is thi3 temper of mind* Yhes sa» vent toepsnd tho eveniujj. at tba ~?uarage^. after her little talk with Mr. Piper ia the stone pax&sco; ia the Park. It was a week since Sir Eenrick had made* his offer and had been rejected. Ha bad taken a wonderful fancy to fishing for pike after that catastrophe, and had brought home.- some very handsome specimens of thai ravenous tribe, for the- Vicarass cook to staff and bake, snd ebito with savory satfcea foi the threo o'clock dinner. Cii think I shall havo to protest, like the high land gilliea when thoy gat fioo mndb, salmon, if Kenrick goss on bringing homo, giko ia this war,.' said Mis. Dulcimer, when the cover was* lifted and tho hungry- jawed scaly monaier efseaxed before them. Kenrick was off in the early gray fox Us fiaiing grounds, so ho and Beatrix only; met of an evening. He was very polite to her, and cvidenUy bore t»o maUce. Hopo waa not altogetiareiiingaisfccd ia hia breast. Ha had macli coaSdeaca in Mrs, Dulcimer, who had said that scm.a&ing; mot be done. Eeari± had not tha fkintsst idea «hat this inveterate match-maker msant to do, but ho felt that her friendship would stick at nothing which a clergyman's wifs might do without $eril to hor soul. ' Bella,' sail Mrs. Dulcimer, after tea, ' I want to show you tho thiaja Tto mzdo ? far tho Missionary basket. Yqs might bo ahla to help me a little, parhaps' 'I shall ba delighted, dear Mrs. IfcUdiBer,*, ansvrered Balk, inwardly lamenting l&at; it had pleased GoJ to call her to that station of fife ia which her friends always felt Justified ia asking her to work for them. A jooagvoauaoffQitcao liko Miss ELuefield must be. aa idle or aa wKHh as aha liked. Nobody even thongkt ot asking for payment in kind for anjc favor the; shoved her i but everybody who did aoj kindness to penniless Bella Scrakhell vaatod to extort pay* meat Cor his or her civility ia needkwork or &om;& sort of drudgery. . 'Coma up to my room and look at the things, dear,' said lira. Dulcimer ; and then it ociurred to Bolla that her hostess- had sotaethiBs to* say to her. She had heard from Cyril UttttUjpetaaps, or had got neva of him by s aido vssd, BsIIa 'a heartbeat OTer sofas* at the idea. . - ' . Thoy went up to ilo. Duldmer'a bedroom, a large old fashioned chamber, ?with aa ianaeasa four- posied bedstead and fioveryehials-cataias, a muslin-draped drcssin^taMa adonred with a great many :hina pote and a pio^nabioa. that waa a noteworthy feature, ihm, Bukimera devotional books— wita a great nany markers in them, looking as if they were- retti immeaselv —woro arranged on either, side of tba lacking, gkss. Sho uud to read Taylor's Halj Iavinc while Rebecca jput her hair in papers of an even ing. Sho did not read the Holy JDJjing. It seemed a great deal too soour for that. There, was a bright aw, the caiatx-covered sofa \nu wheeled ia txoat of it. Between t&» $r* and tho soCa was l(ra- DalcimesV wsrktaftle- and oa the tabfe the MissMmary basketball «t isgeaioxn trifles useful or useless. BibjV socks, muflktces, pinmuahious of every shape and design, and a variety ol tho aggwrattos tamUy el mats. 'MU,,B*idMr», Daldmer, whea they wero seatod oa tho sofa* * ' I have something gazticu* lar to say to you,* And then tho Vicar'a wife tsld Balla her plan lor WMTjiog Kenrick and Beatrix, a&d; ha\^ Bo&trix; hid refused Keariek onitecoaat of her attachment to his wuain, ? 'Isnt U a piy, BelUr* ahe asioJ, after leugkhily expounding all this, , «Yes/' answered Bella, looking ttoaghlfol, ** they would hare suited each other T«ry well, \ ahould think.' . 'Thiak,' cried Mrs. Daloiaer. , *? There's no thinking atoat it, Shey wore aad« for each other.' Mrs. Dakimcx s couples Mwayt were u»d9 tot each other. It is odd how mnj of them turned out misfits.' Bull*, was reuediag that if Beatrix wero happily tuanied to SirKearick -Julvwhou»» her sin about thesealtd letter wonld wtifjh Iota heavily ©u her oonsciencc— or, indeed need not woi^h^tal), What -«m a*j ene tsk wore ti»tn happiness? And in the eye ot tho worU Ken- riekwasa muoh more suitable, httbaad for the heiress tbfcu Cyril could possibly be. ' I?ow I hate b«n thinking,' continued Mrs. DuWoier, linking to «, nyiterioas emlertone, ° thKt perhaps it Betttu coulA b*«UHl« to thiak tbat Cyril was Ockie . Mid iaiomttnty «ad tbat btforo he l«ftt.Ut& Yafford ho had gol to «tro fotBOttiooneelso— van for insUnc\\* 'whiajjextd J&u.ltekaatert; , EaJdng a littie. atab A BoHv »itb hst fowfiager, 'it might ea», her «|v hsf foolish attaduaeattohiio. Bi»iidicalftBWilia* sb».- tboai& mo. eo oazisg. for a . man ybft^oean'J Iflkaisr, whan there is % noble jaaagSdtoMjtfgbQ jdoeskre her, patsionately, ami cattjaajkflj bar Lads- CfllteriioBEe. 11 Ebe conid -ml£ fe made 'Ja ttank that Cyril irasiond of jon.^fc ^jjfh- eqjfacfanti fatfieho&d;^ cmdudJad. ii.ru, Hoitmer, lv&. \tt jtoopjL. eaj?iiaaB upon., tia^ttlilybig a^setnre, W.nm£& as ia t&y;, thai. ia. ao-fgod « a.eadao ta&,vari&as;& mati aaiiiog. nibjai .aejr 'fjnaraldfl^Ikaawluwr.ifci&tn; fcftfer.Cj' eaid Bella, wii& a. mfidilaiiva ajx. . u£ea&£x ia saBsK-ffgiainEaici.; Ifcirnefc aril she ware a .weak- BjiadedF pliaiiiev gjxi. -j^«g is sa ^t^d tt 'rodt.* ' . ? ' ? ' Jr.;-A, '' \ .. 'Bat joa &sej; bo clever, BtSai- Tfi»ceah? ; manage anything. If- 1 were toaff. aa«tbat I alwajji thoaghi Gjril was verj £mod et^a^ajod Idid Udnk Bo&rajJaDg; time, as job iswWrdear : — and if jot west to say BCBaaHaa^. 1bti .rtcald «9sJ«b that idea- WsnsedneiiAtt: o£ ss-Wiao adtoaltieix.7- . . . ^^l : * VOf eoaiaa rcV* aaswersd Bella, jpeaslj. ' 'Do jaa sipposs I wcbM tell a elcn. tessMss. floleime-r . . ,-7^r s . »« Indeed, Co, nsykva. I kmrw has .infchfnl 'joaare.' . ._ . ', ^% ? Titos it wast agreed betvessi tin Tvsx£n wife r and hex ioOaieprUcsa th&t;, ssenehos crjther Beatrix was to he psrsadsi tisatli£rloseB.had .b«eadcably£a!s8- tether; fsisa. ia ahaodadoe' km becaasaeni^ tosses maligned hse, ialas U 