Our Melbourne Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] January 29. THE sole political topic of the week is the meeting of the Cable Conference at Sydney, respecting which you have earlier and fuller information than any I can send. But, in revenge for the political blank, we have the great political libel case on hand. The Age is, this time, the alleged aggressor, and the complainant is Mr. Edward Langton. This is how it happened:—Mr. Edward Langton is a prominent member of the new Free-trade League, and at a recent meeting of that body, he roundly denounced The Age aa an unscrupulous journal, wbich makes a practice of vilifying every party and every public man opposed to it. Thereupon, the journal bo assailed, came out with a, sloshing article, holding up Mr. Edward Langton to publio reprobation as the most un principled and scurrilous of politicians ; as a man wbo acted the part of Peaohum to his colleagues in the Franciß Ministry, and as the paid agent of the Free-trade League, who was content, in order to secure the emoluments of office, to ad minister a protectionist tariff for two whole years without so much as lifting a finger to assert his own avowed principles. Generally, the impeachment ran that Mr. Edward Langton is in the habit of charging corruption on every political opponent; has done this, specifically, in the instances of Sir James M'Culioch, Mr. Francis (subsequently his colleague and chief), and Mr. Higinbotham ; had made similar charges by wholesale against membera of the Opposition during the last session ; that, further, such charges, when followed up by fair and full in vestigation, turn out to be without foundation, although, in order to sustain them, the accuser of bis brethren refers to imaginary documents and written proofs which have no existence; and finally, that of all the politicians Victoria has ever possessed, Mr. Edward Langton is the very one whose vote and interest has been at all times open to the highest bidder. In a word, and a much plainer word than I shall venture to use, Mr. Edward Langton was proclaimed to the world a political social evil. It was not in human nature to stand thia. So, in a day or two, out came the solemn announcement that a libel action, dam ages laid at £5000, had been entered by the Hon. Edward Langton againßt The Age news paper. What next, you will naturally ask I Why, the next thing was that The Age, un terrified by the awful sword of Damocles hanging over its head, came out with a series of articles, dissecting the political character of the complain ant, and sheeting home to him, by fair extracts I from printed documents and references to notori ous facta, the whole of the aocusations first made. The Age, as you observe, means to justify its case, with a witness! Its powerful diatribes have been the standing sensation from day to day. Its pluck, in showing fight so manfully, is the theme of universal admiration. And at this moment, whatever may be the issue of the pending libel action, the political reputation of the Treasurer to the late Francis Ministry is not worth the smallest coin of the realm in popular estimation. These, and such as these, are the amenities of popular politics in this country. But unquestionably nothing in the way of a designedly slaughterous attack on a publio man s reputation has ever yet exceeded The Age's on slaught on Mr. Edward Langton. We are getting into the thick of the electioneer* ing campaign already. Several preliminary flourishes of trumpets have been given forth by retiring members and expectant candidates. Ad* dresses to constituencies appear daily in the adver tising columns of the journals. There is a great fluttering in the dovecots', and all the signs pre* monitory of a mo-t severe fighting season. One would really suppose, to note the way in which these people struggle for seats in the Assembly, that the attainment of the coveted prize fully satisfies both ambition and avarice. In a few lucky cases perhaps it does; but, generally, the post of representative is about the most irksome and thankless one, and the most destructive of a man's personal and domestic comfort whilst it lasts, that could be selected out of all the varied occupations of life. The true secret is that it suits the loafer at Urge, and the loafer at large manages, somehow or other, to make it the means of supplying him with meat, drink, clothes, and poAet-money—especially the second of the four items. The dissolution is just two months a-head, the new elections three months a-head, and the meeting of the new Assembly four months a-head. Sir James M'Culioch does not intend to be a single day too early in getting the opposing forces into action, I oan assure you. As to poor Berry, his party has given him the cold shoulder quite. He is deposed, and his successor is not yet forthcoming. The Argus, I see, names Mr. Casey, Mr. Servioe, and Sh* Charles Duffy, ss probable candidates for the leadership of the Opposition1; but I can answer for it that, of the three, the two latter have not the ghost of a chance of gaining the post, even if they are ambitious of it, wbich is doubtful. For Mr. Servioe is a pronounoed free-trader, whilst the Opposition is out-and-out protec tionist ; and Sir Charles Duffy is the leader of the party which insists on so altering the Educa tion Act as to give them a separate endowment for their own schools; and this oonoession every member of the Opposition, not being a Roman Catholio, must steadily stand against on pain of being ignominiously rejected by his own consti tuents. Mr. Casey is left; but Mr. Casey is not a man for tbe stonewallers, and the stonewallers are not for Mr. Casey. Take it all round, it is a curiously complicated state of things. But, meanwhile, Sir James M'Culioch is master of the situation. Onr State. schools have commenoed work for the year after the holidays, and the "truant . officers " recently appointed under the new Act are at work rounding in the stray ohildren. There is a tacit compact between people of all ' political parties, and all religious denominations save one (specified above), that the system shall be msde thoroughly effective, that there shall be no "iniching" tolerated, and that larrUdnism shall be quite stamped out, if education and an effi cient police can do it Talking of which, the rumor went round Press circles tbe other day that the Argus' "Vaga bond" was quietly immured within the walls of Pentridge, "doing" that establishment for the leading journal In fact, I had a confirmation of tbis rumor from the best authority, myself. But, lo and behold you! out comes our diverting Mentor in Saturday's Argus with a most spicy paper on the Magdalene Asylum, and the social evil in Melbourne generally, which everybody is reading, discussing, and admiring. He is a terrible realist, is the " Vagabond"—not a touch of your trumpery transcendentalism about him! He Bees things at they are, Sir, and he describes things as they are ; and what is more, Sir, he is not afraid to blurt out all the truth. To whioh stereotyped popular comment on this amazing fellow's writing let me add the remark that the truth he reveals is about as agreeable to the sensibilities of an optimist reader of tbe leading journal as the salutary dose of salts-and senna is to the young ones in the nursery. But read the article I speak of, and let me have your own opinion on it "Tis fun alive to watoh the proceedings of the publicans over the new Sunday Closing Act. I have already told you that, in order to produce (as they hoped and believed) a violent popular action against the measure, they magnanimously resolved on keeping strict Sabbath, appointed a Vigilance Committee to enforce obedience to the rigorous law, and prosecuted with eagerness'a few black sheep of their flock who were detected in dealing in the sly Sunday grog. Very well! <For three Sundays now the law has been most righteously observed by the publicans as a body. Nobody, not even the most genuine of bona fide travellers, could procure a nobbier of P. 8., or a draught of Castlemaine beer on the Day of Rest. But woe worth the day t The anticipated popular reaction has not set in at aIL Rather, the pubtic seem to Uke and admire the publican's new-born zeal for the Sabbath rest and the observance of the law. Our Sundays are delight fully decorous and quiet There is not a single stray inebriate in tbe watch-house cells on Mon day morning. The new Act is in higher favor with everybody than it was at first And the wives and daughters of the publicans, together with the barmaids, are able to go to church of a Sunday morning, if ao inclined, and to take a walk on Sandridge Pier in the afternoon into the bargain. But in spite of these manifest moral gains, the publicans are not happy, and their cub like of the new Act and its author (Mr. Duncan Gillies), overflows in printed lampoons of the humblest quality, for the most part in amus ingly halting doggrel ending always in " beer." Our Railway Department has ventured on the daring experiment of allowing the carriages on running trains to remain unlocked. The innova tion ia being introduced cautiously and gradu- ally, but bo far it has answered well, and, I think, will come into general and permanent use. Why, it is thirty years ago or more since Sydney Smith wrote those amusing letters of his in the old Morning Chronicle denouncing the locking-in practice; and the letters were just as unanswer able in reasoning as they were diverting in style. Mr. Duncan, the Inspector-General of our Penal Department and Industrial Schools, has gone for a twelvemonth's furlough to the old world. He told me, in a conversation I had with him the day before the mail left, that he intended to visit and take Careful notes of every leading prison and reformatory school in Europe and America. He is quite capable of fulfilling such a design, and I doubt not that this country will be the better for Mr. Duncan's holiday through generations to come. Upon a remark whioh I made to him, that the "old hand" element was rapidly dying out here, and that its place was not, happily, being supplied by a native race of criminals, he assented generally to the statement; but he added that still there was a criminal class growing up. "No doubt," said I, " but they are not desperados of the old type ; they don't perpetrate the heavier crimes." To which he replied—"That is quite true; still, the younger race is a desperately troublesome one to deal with. The old hands, however bad they might be, were manageable thus far, that you could trust to any promise of temporary good behavior they might make ; but the young scoundrels are utterly false aud unreliable. You never oan trust them for a moment; they are to the last degree refractory and incorrigible, and therefore they require even a firmer hand and more severe treatment than the others." Thus, you perceive, the new Australian type of the professional criminal is in some respects better, and in others worse, than his disreputable progenitors. What is your experience in Queensland on tbis point ? Did I tell you tbat the mighty mining case of Learmonth against Bailey had been settled, posi tively and for the last time, by each party agree* ing to pay ita own costs ? An immense relief to the law reporters for the daily journals, and the loss of a gold-mine to the Temple Court fellows. Snake-bite and intravenous injection of am monia to wit: the doctors axe at it again ! Happy to say I have not read a word of their thouaand-and-one letters, attacking and answer ing the one the other. Neither have I read a word about the smallpox at Sydney, nor of the discussion now proceeding in The Argue, as to whether smallpox is or is not in digenous here, and whether the native races have or have not suffered from the scourge. Nor have I perused a line of the thouaand-and one astounding snake stories set afloat by the country journals. You admit that on medical and the like pleasant topics, I am a most shame fully negligent correspondent. Our gold reefs are showing well again in several unexpected quarters, and deep sinking is rising in popular favor. Several prospecting parties are being equipped at the expense of the Government to explore unknown country for fresh goldfields; and an expert is being des patched, by private enterprise, to pick up im* E roved "notions" in quartz and general mining l California. I think 1877 will be a bettor gold year than its predecessor. Our new Bishop is working thirteen to the dozen every dhy of his life. There wss a great arrear1 of consecrations, ordinations, settlements, new churches to be founded, and the like, to pull up, and Dr. Moo-house is pulling it up. A small beginning has likewise been made towards the erection of the long-talked-of cathedral 