Uncle Tom's Story of His Life. AN Autobiography of the Rev. Josiah Henson (Mrs. H. B. Stowe's " Uncle Tom "), from 1789 to 1876, with a Preface by Mrs. H. B. Stowo, and an Introductory Note by George Sturgo and S. Morley, Esq., M.P. Edited by John Lobb, managing editor of tho Christian Age, thirtieth thousand. London, Christian Age office, 1870. Among the crowd of competitors who from all parts of the earth thronged to show their wares at the Ex hibition of 1851 was a single negro exhibitor. All he had to display were four black walnut boards, but they were of the finest grain and texture, were beauti fully French polished, and in the end were awarded a medal. It Tbore the inscription, " This is the pro duce of the industry of a fugitive Blave from the United States, whose residence is Dawn, Canada." In the autobiography of that fugitive slave, first pub lished at Boston a couple of years before, republished in this country in the very year of the Exhibition, and of which the latest recast is now before us in its 30th thousand, after a career of six weeks, lay the germ of that remarkable work of fiction, the circulation of which has been exceeded hy that of no hook eave the Bible, and which our author may be forgiven for be-1 lieving was " the wedge that finally rent asunder" the I gigantic fabric of American slavery " with a fearful crash." Yet such, in Bpito of the nursery proteßt that "Uncle Tom " waa killed in the book, and that Father Henson, therefore, can be no more than his ghost, is the undoubted fact, as a glance at the chapter on her hero in Mrs. Stowe'ß "Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin," must convince any reader. Our negro autobiographer was born June 15, 1789, on the farm of Mi". Francis Newman, near Port Tobacco, Charles county, Mary land. To Newman hin father belonged, and his mother had boon hired out by her owner, Dr. Josiah M'Phei'Hon, who gave tho boy his own Christian name, with Henson UH a surname after an uncle of his own, who lmdibeen an officer in the Revolutionary AVar. But one reminiscence of his father, black Hercules, six feet in height, always adhered to the child, that of seeing 100 lashes inflicted on him by the village black smith. He had struck the white overseer for offering an outrage to the boy's mother. The criminal, the merriest of his race before, became thenceforward a moody mutineer, was sold south into Alabama, and is heard of no moro. Two or three years afterwards the Christian mother was sold to a man named Riley, who kicked her away when she besought him, with bitter ! tears, to buy also her sixth and last little child, "Siah," or "Sie," as young Henson was called, five having already been knocked down to their bidders. The ! hammer consigned Josiah to the tender mercies of a still worse tyrant, named Robb. The child was often left the whole day long feebly crying " Water !" and " Mother !" By a kind chance, however, the sun dered pair were not very long afterwards reunited, Robb, who owned a line of stages, having trucked " the little nigger " to Riley to pay for horse- shoeing. Riley, besides being a farrier, farmed a good bit of I land, and as soon as Henson was old enough he was set to carry water to the field hands, to weed with a horse plough between the rows of corn, and to groom his master's horse. Then he had to do a man's day work with the hoe. Of the slave's hard lot his sketches are most graphic ; but the lightness of heart which he in herited from his father seldom forsook him. He boasts of tho knight-errantry with which, like Mrs. Stowe's hero, he helped weak women, sinking under their burdon of toil, and confesses that he robbed henroosts to comfort the sick negresses, justifyingthetheftthathe was but saving tho lives of masfia's costlier chatties at the expense of his lesH valuable live stock. It is not until after these things that wo aro told of his "con version," at the age of 18, through tho very first ser mon ho heard. By tho time he was 20 ho had risen so high in his masters confidence that he was virtually overseer of tho estate. As his body servant, more over, he had nightly to accompany Kiley to a neigh bouring tavern, whero ho and Iiis boon companion mot to revel. On one of these occasions when Riley was sorely pressed hy his brother's overseer, one Bryce Litton, Henson valiantly Btood up for his drunken master, and soon afterwards Litton, catching the black fellow alone, broke both his arms. Henson was maimed for life. At 22 Henson married his first wife, Charlotte, a well-taught and devout slave girl, owned by a neigh bouring pious family. She bore him twelve children, of whom the aeven survivors aro the staff of his green old age. Riley's affairs grew complicated, and ia dread of tho bailiffs the charge of '1 running: off " the whole of his black live stock to be sold by Iiis brother Amos, in Kentucky, thousands of miles off, was entrusted to Sie, wno, as they passed through Ohio, was strongly urged by more than one Christian friend to make a bold dash for his own and his convoy's free dom. The temptation was Btrong, but he withstood it, and handed the consignment to Riley's brother Amos, whose estate he reached in June, 1825. Here, the rest of Isaac's negroes having been duly sold down south, he lived three years, better off in many respects than in Maryland ; and in 1828, having many years addressed his fellows in prayer meetings, was admitted a local preacher by the Methodist Episcopal Church» Hence his title " Reverend." On a hint from a. brother preacher, Henson got a pass from Amos Riley in the slack time of the fall, to see his own' Maryland master. On his way his co-religionists raised for him money enough to chnch a bargain with that man ' for his freedom, and his emancipation papers were duly made out on the 9th of March, 1829. But by a sort of "confidence" juggle, Isaac got hold of them again, lest, as he told his simple victim, as he was starting; once more for "ole Kentuck" to tell his wife the good news, the slave-catchers should seize and tear them up. The scoundrel then enclosed them in an envelope and directed them to Amos under a seal, to break which was felony, as he took care to remind "the black gentleman " before handing the packet. , By post he wrote his brother, naming 1000 doll ars. instead of the 450 agreed on, all but 100 having been put down, as the price of the trusty «lave ; he further advised Amoa of the transmission through Heheon of the sealed packet. Before the dupe'« arrival the story of his hopes of freedom and of the 1000 dollars to bo paid for it had got wind on the Kentucky estate, and he first learnt the lie from Charlotte. But as he durst not break the seal of the envelope besides, without a* white witness, who was 1000 miles away, his free papers were worthless. " Uncle Tom " may surely be forgiven if he evaded the question about tho packet with something very like a white lie. Ho told Amos, as he had told Charlotte, that he had not seen it since he left Louisville He had added an "aside" to Charlotte to be quite sure and not let her husband know if she found it in his carpet-bag. Tho Kentucky brother did not press the matter and Charlotte sewed the manumission round the true owner's person when he was sent down south. Eor there cannot be a shadow of a doubt that his forbodings, at the. time, of the brothers being in league to sell him at New Orleans and share the proceeds, were but top well founded. Thither he was sent in a flat boat, freighted with cattle, pigs, poultry, corn, and.other produce, the whole being in charge of Amos Riley, junior. Henson felt Bure that he also was to tbe put up for Bale, a pre sentiment verified by the event. His horror at the fate staring him in the face was greatly intensified on the voyage by a sight of the woe-stricken and hunger pinched features of his former fellow-slaves. In the anguish of his despair he was overtaken by a tempta tion of which he must himself speak:-"One dark, rainy night, within a few day's sail of New Orleans, my hour seemed to have come. I was alone on the deck, Master Amos and the hands were all asleep below, and I crept down noiselessly, got hold of an axe, entered the cabin, and looking by the aid of a dim light there for my victims, my eyes fell upon Master Amos, who was nearest to me. My hand slid along the axe-handle, I raised it to strike the fatal blow, when suddenly the thought carno to me, 'What! commit murder! and you a Christian?' I had not called it murder before, but self-defence, to prevènfc others from murdering me. I thought it was justifi able, and even praiseworthy. All at once the truth burst upon me that it was a crime. I was going to kill a young man who had done nothing to injure me, but was^only obeying the commands of his father. I was about to lose the fruit of all my efforts at self-improve ment, the character I had acquired, and thejpeace of mind that had never deserted me. All this came upon me with a distinctness which almost made me think I heard it whispered in my ears, and I believe I even turned my head to listen. I shrunk back, laid down the axe, and thanked God, os I have done every day since, that I did not commit that murder. My feelings were still agitated, but they were changed; I was filled ?with shame and remorse for the design I had enter tained, and fearing that my companions would.detect it in my face, or that a careless word would betray my guilty thoughts, I remained on deck all-night, instead of rousing one of the. men to relieve' the watch ; and nothing brought composure to my mind but the solemn resolution I then made, to resign myself to the will of God, and take with thankfulness, if I could, but with submission, at all events, whatever He might decide should be my lot." His deliverance seemed to be miraculous. Young Amos, after frankly avowing his purpose at Now Orleans, and showing Henson^ good points to buyers, was suddenly struck down by yellow fever, and now begged and prayed for forgiveness. " Stick to me, Sie ! Stick to me, Sie ! Don't leave me. I am sorry I was goiug to sell you." Sie nursed his enemy in tho plague-stricken city, up tho malarious river, and handed him safo to his father : but the light of freedom had dawned upon him. He fled, and on the 28th of October, 1830, reached the Canadian banks of the river. Ho lost not a day till ho found honest labour and pro cured a shelter for his wife and children. Three years after he hired himself to a now master. His first Canadian employer had sont his boy Tom to school, and Tom had taught his father to read by tho light ot pine knots. The marvel is that ono as dark in mind till fifty as he was in body should have learnt to write, and still more that ho Bhould read and sneak so like a scholar that Archbishop Sumner asked him, in 1851, at what University he had been trained. But full fifteen years before that we find him thinking out tho problem of political economy and lecturing to his flock on that scienoe, and with his teachings ho paved tho way for the freo negro settlement at Dawn. Of tho dark cloud which too soon afterwards lowered over it for something like a score of years, leaving Henson the beggared victim of his heroic and ultimately suc cessful struggles to free from unlawful usurpation tho fine estate of what is now tho Wilberforce University, space fails us to speak. The " Uncle Tom" torso of tho lifo is now complete, and the end has not been un worthy of tho beginning. -Tun TIM UH. The eaglehawk)* in this district (the PLEASANT CHEEK ADVERTISER reports) aro growing vory danger ous and destructive. Whether it is that a scarcity of their ordinary food lins made thom so bold, would bo diflicult to say, but they now swoop down closo to tho residences of our settlers, and carry away with them anything they can obtain. On Wednesday, when Mr. Clarke was at work avnongst his vines at Mount Ararat, ho was surprised to Bee his horse galloping frantically down the side of tho hill with an eaglehawk perched upon ita neck, and tearing at thu liesh. The bird wa» not driven away without some trouble. " UNCLE TOM "--REV. JOSIAH HENSON. 