THOSE HORSE-RACE MEN. Mas. Cbockeb, of Detroit, loves to read a daily paper. She begins at the name and reads to the last line of the fourth page, shipping nothing. She hasn't a first-college education, but it is seldom that anything, printed in the papers is too much for her.: She gotlt stuck-.' the other day, however, and this is how it happenedThere was a report; of a horse race, and she began to read it. She. got down to where it said "John Jay names g.g. Dick," ani she mused: "He names g.g., does he? I've been to races several times, and I never saw a g.g. round there." Sho puzzled over it till old Mr. Thomson camo over to borrow a fow. clothes .pins, and she asked hire what it could resan. ■ ■ : "John Jay-names g.g.,"he.reused, <}- why that'B as plain as day. He names a grey , goat of course,' and the name of that goat is " Dick." <c TirUnt. In n /Mint dmnff at. n tiAniD.niM " "What is a goat doing at a horse-race?', asked Mrs. Crocker. • - I don't know," he replied; "hut John Jay had one there, as sure as ycu're horn." . She took the paper and read that'James Thomas named b.m. Troubadour, and she wanted to know what on earth it meant* / "That means—that means," he'replied, scratching hie head, "that means that James Thomas has his big mule there, and that this big mule was named Troubadour." - . " I never heard of a mule trotting at a horse race," she protested. But it seems that this was a big mule, and so they let him in," he explained. / The next thing, she found-was that Peter Block named his b.c. Nancy for the 2.40 dash. . "You know what that means, do you?" as shehandedthe old man the paper. '• " - -" Yes, I do," was the prompt reply.r " If I know my business, and I think I do, for I owned seven horses and seven sulkies in my time, that means, that Peter.Black, named his black calf for the dash.''-•: . "Oh,pshaw!" ' w " Yery well,. Mrs. Crocker, if youJbiow all about raongi why do you ask mo ?", . j « Do you suppose that I am ; fooi enough to; believe that a black calf: is '.named to trot in. a horse race ? ' YouT.axe :bogianing' £o be a fool, Mr. Thomson.".' • V.-'.' J *tI guess; notr-I .guess .1 Know;: my hisri. ness'V.. ..' 'J ... . ' " You get out of this yard, Bir!" she yelled. "T don't pretend to' know, .'much,. but; I know mom in a minute. than you,do in fourteen days!"./!., • .V.'i.*,'*• ■••• " Very, well, Mrs. Crocker,: very well. I was going to borrow sopio of your clothes-pins, but'nowl won't, bang me if I do l"' * : She ran for the hoe and ho for tho gate, and ,if anybody has'ever wondered over seeing a .Crawford-street woman rushing a bald-headed man along' the side-walk, this article can be. taken, as an • explanation... Tho; man doesn't live who can makobld Mrs. Crockcr believe that a black calf baa anvtbing to do with a race:— Detroit Free Freer. \- WlTK SVEBY POI&ATION; tUSt iQrcO pump Of the body, the heart, sends coursing through the arteries and veins the rosy fluid which sustains life and nourishes the system. If the the vital current become contaminated with impurities or gets thin and watery from insufficient assimilation of the food, the most disastrous consequences may be apprehended. -Depurate tho blood and infuse vigour into the gastric organs with Udolpho "Wolfe's Schiedam Ahqmatio Schnapps to restore purity* and richness to tho circulation.—[Advt,] A CcNNCtQ Fox.—A Pennsylvanian farmer recently set a trap to catch a fox which was making severe depredations in his hen roosts. At each of fourteen successive visits, ho found the trap sprung, a- stick of wood between its jaws, and the bait eaten up. The circumstance, so often repeated, surprised him, ' Thero were no other tracks to be seen but his' own and those ofthe fox, and who sprung tho trap was a question that puzzled hirri sorely. By continuing to rebait bis trap ho hoped to catch the author of tho mischief 1' On the fifteenth night he found a fine old fox hung to it by tho nose, and in his mouth was a stick of wood. . Condensed.-—Chalk. Blowing up.*— The following paragraph taken from the Fall Mall is suggestive of the well known " blowing up" qualities of the soft sex:—A journal, edited exclusively, by women has been brought out at Lyons. It is called the " Volcano." "Wirr," ' said Mr. Dorking to'his wife, ""Why, if all tho letters of the alphabet were to inn a raco, and you should bet on O and loie, would it be liko tho return of your servant with Cavendish, tobacco when you had sent for. Lone Jack." "Sakes alive, I don't know." "Be cause, " said Mr. Dorking triumphantly, <«it would be wrong tobacco." - : He was an applicant for tho position of writ ing teacher in one of our public schools. They; gave him a copy-hook, and asked him for 'a specimen of what he could do. Ho took up the . pen, and, in a hand-writing that looked like ~a *r fla h of lightning that had mistaken the direct ' road, wroto as follows: "Sorrer doesn't kill: folkes os fast as green gooBeburys." -'•"'•v. At the closing of a concert, while a- young gentleman was struggling with his hat, cane, overcoat, opera glass, and his young lady's, fen, all of which he was trying to retain on his lap,! a suspicious-looking black bottle fell on the ^ floor with a thud. " There," he exclaimed to\ his companion, "I shall. loso my. cough ^ medicine." That was presence of mindfor you Strange People.—There are some very strange people in Hew Zealand. The following marriage notice appears in Enoch, a religious paper, published at Shortland:—" Wood— Cooper—On the 6th inst., at the residence of the bride's father, by Mr. James Hinton, Baptist Minister, Thomas, third son of Mr. "William "Wood, late of City Road, London, Bookbinder, to Amelia Francis Cooper, eldest daughter of Sir. R. C. Cooper, of St. Clement's Lodge, "Upper Grey-street, Shortland. May the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob; yea, may the (jrod and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ bless the pair, andaftertho rapidly approaohing end of this ago may they bo found in the Lamb's Book of Life, and enter upon the King dom of God, the millennium of righteousness and peace, is tho earnest desire of the bride groom's father. Homo papers please copy." • ' A Fit and Proper Meshier.—Mr. Allen, the lamplighter of Eaglehawk, Victoria, is going to stand for Mandurangat the next election. ;;At a meeting hold on Saturday night, he got the chairman to read his address. The Independent humorously.reports tho after proceedings:— ".Mr. Allen rose and said, * them's' my senti-* ments and I hope they're satisfactory. I'll want a heavy grey horse to go to the House with; I won't run with "Williams or Harris or any of them; I'll go in single handed,, and Pll have nothing to do with Jimmy -M'Cnlloch,' In answer to several questions Mr. Allen si&U; *.I ain't going to answer any questions; thin ain't the. time or. place, and I ain't going to open my mouth to. fill other people's ahdlet them suck my brains.'.. The chairman : 4 If re turned will you give . £100 to tho Mining ' Accident fund ?' Tho'candidate: 4 Yes, and I'll , sign it before I come home from tho 'Ousb,-hnt I haven't got my cocked hat and silver buckled •, shoes on to-night.' A vote of confidence in Mr. Allen was formallyjmoved, seconded, and carried, and the proceedings terminated." . ; .' His Gbound fob Divobce.—A lUleigh lawyer was interviewed recently by an agricul turist living a score of miles from the city,' who said he wanted to secure a divbrcefrem his wjfel 'A You don't live happily with her, eh ^in quired the attorney.. "No; we don't seem to hitch wuth a cent," was the quiet reply. " Does she scold and fret and make your home - a hell upon earth, so to speak ?" continued the lawyer. "That's her, exactly." "And'are you prepared to prove that you havo a peaceful disposition, and that you havo done every thing you■ could to make home pleasant?" . " You bet X am! Anybody as knows mo' would swear that I wouldn't hurt a flea, and that I idoyo around home like an angel." ""Well, I guess we can make out a case," said thelawyer, as : he took up his pen and began to jot down the points. After a moment he inquired, " Doyou ■ think your wife will contest the case ? Has she any defence ?" " "Wall, now, I never thought of that," slowly replied the farmer. "I didn't know as she had anything to' say about 'it." "She may have. Has she any grounds for complaint against you ?" "I don't know'much about law,"answered tho client in a. hesitating way. " I know I've got a hankering after her sister Manor, and her sister Mariar baa a hanker ing after me, but whether them is good grounds for complaint I don't know." The lawyer hasn't filed a bill yet.—American paper.' ' Tacks and Ghosts.—There is nothing whioh is more revolting to a- sensitive ghost than the. sharp, flat-headed tacks known to artists , as " drawing tacks." "When one of those tacks .is tossed on the stago whero materialised ghosts disport themselves,'it invariably remains with its point upwards. It may readily ho conceived: that an unsuspecting, barefooted ghost .who. threads heavily on such a treachorous and pene trating tack*would havo a right to manifest a hearty and violent indignation. Indeed/almost any amount of languago on the part of tbo in jured ghost would be pardoned by all human men. But what did tho ghost of Daniel; "Webster do when ho recently tried to walk over a stago strewn with drawing tacks during a materialising seanco in a Wisconsin town ? When tho first tack entered that ostensible, ghost's right foot ho calmly lifted up his injured • limb and undertook to withdraw tho intrusive bit of steel. It was not until, in his efforts to balance himself on ono leg, ho ran another tack in his left foot, that ho broke silence by softly remarking " Ouchand it is doubtful if ba would have repeated that statoment, or ventured' upon any other,, had ho not incautiously satf down, and thus inserted two or more tacks into ; his person. In theso circumstances ho mighty have totally lost his temper, and no. man could havo had a word of blamb'forhim; hut instead,, of lotting his ghostly passions rise, he' merely expressed his views of the matter by the simple and touching remark, "Well, by gosh!' and hurriedly withdrew into tho mystic cabinet. 