A DRiEAAlLO s `I': ., SI,-While a professor of spiritualism is ' arraigned for: fraud, and there is great excitement amongst the believers in psychic force in conisequeiice, a. tid by e H. Savile Clark, in London Societ' for e October,n may be iiterestig,, nut only I because it is capitally toldi but becauise it professes to illustrate one of the theo: ries believed in by Dr: :Slade aiid his. e friends:_ e On the night of the 5th:of Seitember, exactly, ten years ago, I had a dream which changed the current of any life. Anrid joet, asiill b seens, it was not i e very striking, one, indeed, it may be called in a measure commonplaced; but e nevertheless it stamped itself upon my y memory in'-the stanmgest fashion, and thb fcice I scw :ivit hliis;' f?m':tlihit time e to 'tlis,?been' ihe one stai of my life. 1 "saw. a smooth set :of deep blue, with white .cliff. in:,theI far distance, and whiter gulls winging their. wiy, above it, a trnil of smoke from a pass l ing stearner in the sk',: and bodts and cordage oi 'tohe beach wheire fisliiermen plied.thelir busine.s. 'And I walkedrby' that dieamland sea in coispany with a womana:whose face, seen: with. unusual ;distinctness-much plainer than :anyy other fiace I had ever seen in a drdam 'filled med witli: unitteralble longinig love, such as I had never felt Ieforoe. No"need,' youb m' say, to attalch much importance to this. S"' This dieam-face didi not pass; away. FI found myself rememberingits linea inents and, pondering over them ;' andI as a natural consequence I dreamt of it again and 'again Dys, 'and even week-,' would, pass sometimres, bilt it was sure to recur.to me sooner or later, and the infatuittion and love for it grew upon.me to such.an extent, that I be camine pale and. worn, and, my friends were anxious about my health." I .was an' only son, and ,therefore over-estimlated by miy. psirints, especi, ally:,by my mother. My father, a wealthly contractor,,was very anxious I should spend plenty of ,money in godd society, and: expected that one day I should make a marriage which would increase the glory of the family. ,.No. ticing that I -was' mopinig, "aa he called it,;he adiised' me to go abroad, and amuse myself. But althougliglve'ry fond:of:the: Continent,: I·iad a strange. disinclination to go there; and persisted. in remaining at home. And I nursed -my fdolish fancyi' so wildly jiust" at the timis that I fell inte a trsnee nervous condition, causing me? to feet mentally as if. I 'was.in .a sort ofieclairvoyant istate,- making .me "at thedsiame -tiloe. really physically ill:.' : .' My mother'noticed it and heimig in London, insisted that I should go aiid see. a "fnaiois jphysician?.' I' know he had inothing ii his pharmacopcia,!that would ,suit umy malady ;huts thinking I shliuld ionly beI sounded: and; looked at in; the lordinary ivay and receive ? -prescription for a harimless toiiic; aid also wishing to :llay :ii?iate?ndit al ipie hensions, I went to Di It is' t his owti desir' that I ie ppires his name; Noww as yoiu may imagine, I had not .the .slightest' intention of, making: a confidant- of the' doctor. -It nucever entered my thoughts'.thastI could: tell anyone aboist' my: dream ' bdit':I" welt to. a mani of itre lsycbholgical know ledge, ii'id ?With this. result,; I was ushered into, the .doctol's room, and, in reply to his first questions as to my nil ment, I said I felt a little' irvous," anid so forth, but-thlat I should not have come to him' except at my mother's earnest request.:' He noidded; andi tlen niade' a careful :examinationi of .ime, souidled ie, and ithen sisaid. : :i, "Sound- in -wind; aind limb.c Have youtoldme everything 4" -'" "i . "Yes," I -said;. "It: is jist"- ais- I thought: there is notliing 'the atter ;with me.' - "Don't be in such a hurry," he re plied. " I said. wind and limb-did you ever hear of an organ;called the brain" I'? . . In-reply 'to this quiestion, I said, "Certainly, I am conscious'I liave a brain. " A'nd lthat brain may be out: of order, he ,said.: , Of that I am not conscious, I ain swered. \- "Bait voti'have sonmetims sispecii ted Thisiwas a facer, and I hesitted. He conitiinued,. IMr Frewen,, are you a d:eamer of dreamslt;.; I: :'sL';a ,hIt had come at: last.: I gasped and half rose from iny clhuii;- thingswhichl of dourse l e henoted."' - o': " - : " Really " I said , " . -. "Stop,"' he returnhe.d . I'i :know I anm right bibut inless: you are going to tell me everything, donit speak at all. You will Ibe wasting,my timie'and your own; aid lmine is valdable." -?iWhlii]cl waisspeakig,ii I llad taken myrisolbtion I remembeied thattihe cnfidncds of -the. econsultiicg room, ae Sa o?.r.d asnthoso, o t~ioecoqfessstona!r, I 4l; A ihi?all,,fri: 6 ,.listehed, nwitl te: :air:of ?.-aifiansbhosliiid'b hdar the 'story before, and .thehii;he';iAledl iie wiliitl';'k iI'Wa:g'" " apable, if,I tried ldlisestl.?)f baliiislintl?6 fausc firom my tAsgh? ?i couhl ; and ho..thehai0sdi:1 d cItG.oI?~wuvay..-for nai nonth,, and tlienn como ind toll me how you are." .:i:i -l?ileftlhiu and mh'a?de':ehie'ff'ortiand I •bou:h ho t s kngh'r l .dd:l"' ,'?ifi lii.?g?i all .,s,, re fnedr asn df.l prt~, id ryef to tfh docter. Before doing this, how e.ert,-:Is must ifbotei that:I?'i:hd:'confided my?i?troiuble'ttooiiny r'motlier 3fhidd sic i having put my father in ossessidlif"if atiqfd ' 'ilf, if' i,'I" -'t ghf t t 1! once indignant and contem uous, and "I I I believe bhethought I was really going mad.,. S.,,Imagine then the consternation pro duced by the advice Dr. -- gave when I went' to himu a second time. He listened 'to my reiortof myself, and "Tie dream of this woman s face is driving you mad. ,Go and find her." : ". You are in eirnestl'! I said to Dr. -. S"Ifalm.: I never joke oi': such sub= jact8." ' .....-.' , .. " Nay, I dnnot tell you that. Try ; and realise the locality' iidicated in SShall Ifind. her 1 Iaid. He hesi tted for the first time. " There rs a tlheoiy," lie said-" mind, I do not commit myself by saying :my. tliery--that people whose spirits have met in this world riirely go thlioilgh the wvlole of life witlibUt' being near .each other ii thle fleshl, thotgh it is. possible one.or both 'my be udcoiscious.':' .I shall go,'! I said.:-.; ', : , ? ".Yes, of course you will ;" and Dr. ,shookhands withls me, and bowed me out., I pass over the desiair o?f iiy mother and ,the rage .and iidignation of my fatlier, who abused the doctor roundly for sending me on a rmadmian's errand as Ire called it. . His positiond was: per fectly justifiable. '1But 'tlnhe e hld riot +I lft home to find lier. I Vas staying at the time for a' d ay or two. at i littloe:seaside- town called Rockford, hnd there meeting a cou?ple of bachelor friends; I ?nlii sented ;to go to a bahll vhidcli the liovisitois hlid a ?rieged anld of whicrthey wver stewards. The idea inlis 'distasteful to me.;but I hadd promnied th:e doctor, and I should see new faces, so.I went to+ thoefestivity. Some country people were coining, aind I stood leaning listlessly' outof an open' window wvatchinig" the iarri'als, The moonlight shlione across tIhe. sei, and beneath me the carriages: rolled up to the door, and gay. parties alighted at tlhe portico of the hotel wheie the ball was given.' Suddenly'I saw the?e iwas some com-T motion below, .and tle crowd' it "te I dooriclosed iound a'cairr'ige 'lhicih theni 'di ove?ipidly, away, a gentleman appa-. rently mounting the box near the coach. man, while +the servant, who had :ccu pied the place, hurried off in an opposite direction.. Somehbody hal been taiken ill, I'supposed, and so it dpipeared 'jfor, liien one' of 'my friends cainoeup, lho ,saidii Extraordinary thing, Frewen ; i' carriage drives uup, father it seems gets out and Ihands out the ladies- motlier' first :iad then: tlhe daiighter: Thed'iii mient tlie''youniier lady' steps 'o?itT slie; looks up;ltliebifshlie stai?- tack and falls in a dead faint on' thleo cassriags steps?. She looked as if she had seen a ghost, they'? tyiy 'I w'onder "vheat was up I EI gad,' old 'man, she must have caught 'sight 'of ' youri woe begone -face;'iand, turned faint at tIhe idea of danrineg 'iitlh such a scareirow."" . 'I listeiidd idly aid said, ' No I doi't 'think''sle'~ 'dfld .have seen me.,.fo gettiig,'lie it observed; thah,tlie moon light shone .fill: :onomy. faceu and that .the glare of the :gaslight' streamed out of the room.- - I attached no iiportance to tdie inc ident though tre reaider iwill possibly wondder at it.., I, felt` noithing unusual, onlv'perhaps a little sadder and .more uneasyi and thel face of.my dream= love:looked sad too ivhenshe 'came in mysleep,;' and' palei' I thohufgt than it wais waont'to look of old:'. " .. Biit'no revelation caime tome ; and aimonthl 'afterrw'srds,. when, I returned 'to Loiidon, it; would have- required u an effoirt of memiory to recall the fact that at? tlhe, Rockford iball 'a young lady arriving had ."started r as if she hild seen a ghost, and fallen faiiitinig into her father's arms ti. Hld I thengiven nupi thdi searclh when o' tli .'prize was so near 1 "Had she seen me in dreams and recogniisod 'me, Whil'cn'o iidrication'bf 'her presence was vouichsafed to me 7 .The: reader must form: lii' own con clusionse.'- Myi. mad erianid wa;s. over: I retirniod'to town 'todo my: father's bidding in any matrimonial spleculation he might suggest, and to forget; as I best might, 'that I- ever lhad a love in i dreamland. My father made no attempt to conI ceal his satisfaction at my,return to him, and, ah lie was good enough:to say, to myisenses. Concerning the 'young lady it was pioposed I shoiuld mairy, neither my. fathier nor mo tlier would tell 'in 'an;thirig, +'but ' prd~servedd' a playful1 silence, my.fathor dssuring.me I.wasa so co:'rfoundedly' romantic thrat, ,unless she bu'i,'t ujon me'all at once; hoe knew:I should never take"i'afancy to:her. ;I -was told,: however,'thit'~ heo 'cihine froth a good family, was young, beatifuil I iandaiin heiress,'iiob painfully eligibld,.in .i.: e-- ncts,:i' that'I':?.?'nder,,I did not I "It was curious .tlhat now: when I con- I sidered my doom. wasi fixed, I was' hy flo means so miserable as I haid antici* ' pated; I svas? still dreaning of thli bie on fnic of :my life: ifeatid yet I could, it seemed,. contemplate a miarriagoe with nothei wroman, n.ot. exactly with I1 /equanimrty, ibut still withlout the shud- 1 dering vith irhidchldI'had thought of it •befdreit sIcould:itot e:xplain the feeling t~imyoholf,' 8 fa d olwe olish ereonoighs to be annoyed at 1, it'.? ,I.o can understand id; ,'bidl'dIil' 'hn6kiey t thoen. for itnit,.was tlthoe::namno ofimy bride- r elect, 'Slould'sheher: smile 'onr mie--had s receritly'been 'coinfided :totlo teare' oft my fatibitiandd iiotheiir t'rlsteidi "tteo ue til ma rnrge.d a+n muuchs m ny father, it'lhde e' sabsid itht, Alicei declared bshO iwold:never; marry, and hoe beliaived 1 shea would leeldehei'h woiel.r word r , ' n:I: had d'bodri anl home foiiabolutaifoit iightiwhnrhiif fatlier annohnii?D?d hisi I hy , p?iooseo that I shoild aio- d iompany hmi ni'd see what impression ' I' could':make:' I :had' become very apathetic ion the; subject, and con sented, not even asking until we were seated in tbhe railway carriag'e w.hero itbouts Carnstone Denei was situated. "It, was 'nar 'tle' 'sea,:" said', ty fatheir; '"itandiag back about ta mile fromis the sihore on tie: quietest part of the. Sussex. coast, overlooking, a ,tiny fishing village.' . " A place orithe coast ':lI thouight, "and (inevisited." 'Iti had'been, I sup pose,'too i?iignificaint,orI had missed I it because tie railway only extended to ;.within:,eigh:,miles:.of, it.. The::infor mation brought, up a crowd' of memo iies of my waiuderinge,;and adinmay be imagined her, face came vith thmiii with maddening distinctness. SWe arrivel at, the neadii e toiwn to? Catatone il thie: t vening. , It boasted a fairly good ihotel, and my father, having a twinge of the gout,tdetermined' to rest thero for the' night, and take a carriage' to'tlie Dene e thelie morning. Next'dclay' eas 'al blealifuil one ; "and though my.fathir re;monstrated, lt it as beiiig undignifiod, I deteirmined to start' early and walk over to Carnstone, leav ing hiiL:to follow in'th carriage. ' After passing roiund the base of some undulating downs,;and "tehi throingh somelpiettily, voodled fields, I cam?' to the islioreo, cand ,iit. obdience to thei directions I. had receired, proceeded ailong 'it-to Carnsi tes . Arriving there, I was stidk i with thl1e beauty of the tiny fishing-village, for it was, nothing more;, cil at the saien time,it ,seemed i aiii [inii foufatures strangely familiar to me. I , had certainly. nevedr been there before, 'andyet the distant cliffs, the: cositotir of the shore; it flashed across: my'm!id at oince-it was, the sea scaps of mnyrdieanm ! T sh diocoverjy lhid such, an effect upon me that I trembled violently, and had to sit down: on:!tho beach to::'com: pose' myself. The next' sensatiodi wvas one of delight, and thid Icaiib' i cold chliill. 'Whuatif the 'locality 'of' my diueainhad' itstaientril figure-l-what, if I discovered her while I was hastening to ofler love td aiiothel I l hld, not to seniain lonig ins sispense. .I walked. along with my temples throbbing, 'and' the beat of my heart as it were audible, Ito me;' anad'Ihad iot;igode many'paces when, passing the bow of :abbout on the beachI came upon her / l The pictiue was complete.' Th evision was realised. tThiro she sat by. tlhe sea-the .Lady of my.DireamsIi ;. ::I stood rooted to the splot,:gazing "at ,her in: utter .forgetfuilness of: what 'she must:have thonght 'of iucli: a pioceed ing-; 'and= almost' a "tlie :instian? she looked uii froim the btook she was read ng and our eyes' meot. , I sawV at once with, an .undefinable 1thi ill that else recogniised me. ;'.., i One wild scared look, and then, as if possessed by a sudden· fear, she :turnied hastilyaway;t vhilo I, stood stuliefied: and when'I:came to my senses ehse w1as out of sight. ,; : ,,, "- , o Tlie was'no qoustion ofgoing on to Carntone. Dene now v. -I twuned and. went straight back to the; hotel; then despatched an earnest message 'to, 'my father to. return there and .see (me, as something had liapiiened of the'iitinost Hecaime back in :the afteinoon in' one of thI : anistonei carriages,;and. I foundi hliimi n a great rage, not wivith me, for, heliad not yet heard imy stoiy';-biut ,with:the young iady hersolf. IHe,' was nearly beside himself ;:whlioi:I' srehlted ht'Me had lihapenied to n , iandl imy sirm dltemdiiaiation to imakle away with' my selfs:atlhrithan ,isit;y Miss Carnstone or any other woman than the lady of Imy dreumss no!8, that . found out she existedli,: :i "By Joe Il' he cried, in a hisigh state of excitient'" havo'y n all gone mad togethelis II'have been' talking to Miss Carnstone,' and ventured; t hiint at ceintaii hopes I entetained;, when 'my lady flies out at ie, and coolly tells me that'she :dnesver eanto `marry; at. all, and begs I, won't distrcess her; by men tioning such aithing.;;,: " : _%- -' J :".!Sensible girl," isaid;'-"you can't expect me to.press iny suit after.that." "It is as well to'exp ct nothing hbut downiright liunacy fisnm you, sllaid' rny fa'tie, still-very irate :i', but come, we must go back to Carnstone Done. You and she mayabe as mad' as a couple of Iv'arch' hares,' but at ;any rate"let' us behave like' civilised .beings and stay tilhere fdos ay o?: twco, as was our origi. So wie doe over to Cainstone Dne. I was silent' during the drive, and my father was evidently too angiy to talli to me In duo:,timoe .we ?u rrived at a fineElizabethan houlse, and iminediatel?y went :petairato ;dless?i for dinerr I found imy":w\y afti' dri~ssing : to thb driawingroomnby myself, asid weion"I we'ntlin :theie was a lady standing near on'e of the' av?idods, evideitlyfIMiss Carnetone. CL 0 . St he urned odAn elechtric ,shock rarn .through me from head ,to fobt.: Aiid then I do not knoi?' to this 'day, nor doles lig 'my wife, 'i?h nimoved' firast-.v1e drew nieatich othir;,and'Alic?i Cans stne, bmy pidedstiased bride, tla??'6f my dreams, was strained', to my heart. The footman who announced dinner uslered:in thy father, and theoiold gen tleman will not forget till hIis dying day: the shock heo experienced when lieisaw the, situatioin. It was,' lIowaevid?; 'a pleasriant solution of hisis difliculties, aoidl it was nothig to hiam tlhat we lhaid lovel in dreams., -.: ,: . : ,; !,., ,w : Alic Crtnstone is now my wifed. ,.he story ofhow alshe had felt the inipress of my sold is" niine alone.' 'Suffiie:it to sa-y that she:hadidnown me much after the sianui fashion as I hdd knolWoii he'r, and that't ifwh' shb~ whio h~a rccognised me'?t the Robkfold ball.' I.ned only add'that slio wlio canie to:smile upaon me in: dreams is:now the crowning blessing of.my life. . .... A:colourod oleigyimiin' in Philadel plia recently gaveo. iotic :as follows from the pulpit i*-' !There wyill be Lfod days .'meetin, overy, ievoin!ithi:s week. except Wednesday afternoon. 