TIE MARKED HAND. 44 Is this the last stoppage, guard ?" 44 The very last, miss. We shall have a long run of two hours now before we reach Chen- worth — no more disturbance of any kind ; go iust take my advice — make vourself nnmfnrE able, and have a good nap. I wish you pleasant dreams," and the old guard nodded good- naturedly as he locked me in. I was glad to be alone at last. It had been very pleasant during the early part of the journey to observe the faces and manners of my fellow-passengers ; but now they had all got out, and I felt quite prepared to take the guard's good advice. It was a comfortable first-class carriage, with the usual two divisions on each side, and lighted " up on this dark December afternoon by a dimly- flickering oil- lamp. I took off my hat, stretched my feet across to the opposite side, and, closing my eyes, began to think a little. First of all my thoughts took a retrospective view — back to the little parsonage on the green hillside, to the patient hard-working father with the incessant cough, which ended at last in a quiet grave under the yew-tree, to the gentle widow-mother who followed him after a few months of hard struggling with poverty and sickness — next to stirring memories of happy school days, then .to the monotonous life with two old aunts on the wild Yorkshire moors, and finally to Reggie's appearance on the scene, whieh changed the whole course of my existence. I was now on my way to spend- Christmas with Reginald's family. It was my first visit to them, and I felt nervous about it for two rea sons — first, because I had been so littie accus tomed to visiting, and, secondly, because I know it is always a trying thing for a girl to go among her new relatives for the first time. However, from all Reggie had told me about mine, and from their kind letters to me, I felt convinced that there was really nothing to fe&r.; At about this point in my reflections, the bor derland between waking and sleeping melted away, and I found myself in a dream. The place was a church, the subject a wedding, the parties, concerned were Reginald and myself. I had a hazy idea of light dresses and bright faces, and there was a feeling of great happi ness in my heart; but nothing was very dis tinct till I heard the words, 44 Those whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder," and then — then I knew that something had come between Reggie and me. It was a hand, a woman's hand, particularly white, long, «-r»d thin, with a bright red mark reaching from the wrist to the knuckle of the middle finger. I remember in my excitement striving in vain to push it away and to reach Reggie on the other side. I remember glancing down at my bridal dress, and seeing it changed to one of deep monrning ; and then with a sharp cry of pain I awoke. I awoke — but I did not experience that feel ing of relief which generally follows on waking from an unpleasant dream. Something was still weighing on me. I sat up and looked about. I knew from the inky blackness out side, and from the peculiar sound of the train, that it was now passing through a tunnel The flickering light of the lamp fell fall on the seat in the opposite corner of the carriage. In that seat sat a figure — the figure of a woman dressed in dark clothes and very much muffled up. She wore a thick black veil over her face, and she sat bolt-upright, as still as if she had been a statue or a ghost. I looked further, and per ceived a small travelling-bag by her side ; that ittti. vjuusts uuuub usutui irttvoi wiiu luggage. She must be a human being, after aU. But how had she got in ? Had she crossed over me without waking me ? Why did she sit in that peculiar position? All these questions puzzled me, yet I saw no way of solving them just yet. I was afraid to speak, so I could only sit still and wait, my eyes fixed with a sort of fascination on the strange figure opposite to me. I glanced at my watch; it wanted half an hour to the time when we should reach Chen- worth. She must show her ticket there, and I should at last see her move. The time seemed very long till the train began to slacken its speed ; and I knew we were drawing up to the ticket-platform. I got mine out that I might have leisure to observe my fellow-traveller. Our carriage was near the end of the train, and I was growing more impatient every minute. In time, however, the man appeared at our door, holding the small lantern usual on such occa sions. I handed my ticket at once ; my companion was some time producing hens, and when she did so, a corner of her clock fell back, and displayed her left hand. It was un gloved, peculiarly white, long and thin, with a deep red mark reaching from the wrist to the knuckle of the middle finger — in short, the of my dream. I cannot describe what I frit then ; a oold chill seemed to run through me, and a feeling of faintness crept over me, so that I was thankful, indeed, when the train reached the station. My fellow-traveller get cut, and I heard the welcome sound of Reggie's voice. 44 Why, Nell, how cold you are I You're frozen to death, child; you seem pretty well t wrapped up. Had you a foot-warmer ?" "Yes— I felt chilly only just now. Bat, atay, Jim ia. While yon arc looking after sly lug gage I wanttosjtoak a word to the guard. There arc two trunks and a fan bonnet -box ; yon will foul them marked in fulL I shall be back in a minute. " I poshed through the crowd to where Isaw the guard standing, and touched him on the shoulder. "Guard !" IJe turned round sharply. " Did the train stop between Lodeford and Chen worth?" "Oh, yes. The engine wanted water, bo we were obliged to stop at little station, rather more t:h«i half- way between. You must hare been very fast asleep not to notice it" "So I was. Did any one get in ?" "Yes; strangely enough, there was one pas senger — a lady.1 " Thank yen — that is all I wanted to know. Good night." _ J As I threaded my way back to Reggie and the J luggage, I rapidly strung events together, and came to a conclusion. The lady, in getting in, must have gently moved my feet in order to reach the other side of the carriage. This no doubt partially roused me. I probably half- opened ray eyes, caught sigftt of the hand that was touching me, and so mingled it with my dreams. Much relieved by this reflection, 1 was able to enjoy the drive home with Reggie ; but I did not say anything of my adventure. Cedeville Manor is a fine old family mansion. It looked stately and cold on that dark winter day, standing amidst the snow-covered walks and bare, leafless trees ; but I soon found the nnld stateliness was all on the outside. Inside were warmth and light, bright faces and merry voices. My welcome was even more affectionate than I had dared to hope. I was passed from one to another to be kissed and caressed, till Lady Cedeville herself finally car ried me off to my room, and left me in peace to dress for dinner. When that operation was performed, I heard a light tap at the door, and, on opening it, I found the youngest of my new sisters-in-law, Louise. She was as sweet a girl as bright eyes, flowing curls, and a warm heart could make her. When we went down stairs, I had leisure to observe the rest of the family. There were Lady Cedeville, tall and dignified, but with a kind motherly manner; Minette, her eldest daughter, also tall and dignified, en- gaged to the fair-haired young captain leaning over her 'hair ; Marian, the second, gentle and fragile, seldom off the couch, and Louise, al ready described, not long emerged from the SChOoL Of the sons, I thought Sir Henry, the eldest, rather stem in manner, but very polite, and particularly attentive to his mother, Frank, tne second son, was away at sea ; and Reggie, the youngest, with curling brown hair and eyes to match, sensible about most things, but in fatuated on one point, need not be more minutely described, _ . _ I spent a very pleasant evening, and that night enjoyed the dreamless sleep of good health and a light heart. The next morning Louise came down to breakfast with a very doleful face and a pair of very red, swollen hands. " I don't know it is." she said, holding them j . tc iL .1 1% «>% 3 e? en ron n cr up DO View, tuaii buy gcucu v. riian anyone else's. I have tried glycerine, chil blain ointment, and all the rest of it, but with out result — on the first frosty day I am just as bad as ever. Can no one suggest a cure V We all sympathised with her, ana many sug gestions were made, all of which Louise pro mised to try in turn, " By the way," said Captain Lewis — Minnie's intended — t: what became of that governess .of yours, Louise, that I met here last ? She had the whitest hands I had ever seen — almost too much so, in fact. Where is she now ? ' I noticed a sudden silence fall over the party at this question ; I noticed Louise grow a shade paler ; and everyone looked fidgety till Lady Cedeville came to the rescue by saying,— " She left us at midsummer ; Louise had quite grown oat of the schoolroom by that time. " Then the conversation turned upon other topics —but Louise spoke no more, and seemed to have suddenly lost her appetite. After breakfast she offered to,show me over the house. The last room we came to was long, low, and pleasant-looking, with bookcases all around it, and a bright fire in the grate. Louise drew me in and shut the door," " Come in, Nellie," she said ; " this is my old schoolroom. It is called the library now, but I like the old name, and I love the room better fhitn any other in the house." .She placed an arm-chair by the fire for me, and threVT herself on the rug at my feet. From talking of the schoolroom we went on to schooldays. I told her some stories of mine, and asked her how she b liked hers. To my surprise and sorrow the only answer was a sudden burst of tears ; and then the story came out at intervals and through the sobs. 'Did you notice, Nellie, how queer we all looked tbi« morning, when Arthur asked that question about my governess! " Yes, I noticed, dear ; but don't tell me any thing that distresses you." "No ; it won't distress me, Nellie. I should like to tell you, as you are to be my sister. Listen then. Miss King was her name — my governess ; but she was not like a governess, Nellie- she was more a dear friend, an elder sister ; I cannot tell you how fond I was of her. Very few people in the world came before her in my affections ; she understood me so thoroughly, and was so gentle and patient with all my faults. She had had a great deal of trouble in her life, and that made her depressed in spirits, and quite strange in her manner at times. We thought nothing of it at first, but of late v<rs it increased so much that mamma consulted the doctor, and then, Nellie, the tragi came out- she was going out of her mind. We did all we could ; she was sent away for a long holiday, surrounded by everything bright and pleasant, came back again apparently quite restored. Rut about the time of Reggie's engagement she broke out again far worse than ever, and, added Louise, suddenly kneeling and taking hold of my "her madness took a curious form, .Nellie —it was love for Reggie." I felt a queer shiver run through me at this point, but I made Louise go on and tell me alL " Well, it was the day Reggie wrote to tell ns about you. Mamma read the letter put at the breakfast- table. We were, of course, in great excitement, when, in the midst of our talking and laughing. I saw Mies King suddenly turn as -white as death, and leave the room. I followed liar upstairs ; she locked herself into her room, and I could hear her pacing .np and down, and saying, in a voice that makes me shudder even noivHe shali never many— never, never, newer while I live !' There she remained the whole day, refusing to open the door or to take any food. Towards evening the sounds ceased ; we forced open the door, and found her lying m « dot 1 ewooo on the Ew that hour she was raging mad. They took her away soon after, and she is now confined in a lunatic asylum not far from this — no hope is given of her recovery — and, oh, Nellie, how' I Loved her f" The sobs came thick and fast now, and I let the poor child cry, not liking her the less for the warm, faithful heart which prompted such tears. (to ss coxxnsuxB.) 