LATER ENGLISH NEWS. | [VIA MELBOURNE.] [BY TELEGRAPH.] MELBOURNE. MONDAY. THE Whampoa (s.) arrived, at Melbourne at 1 o'clock this morning. PASSENGERS FOR SYDNEY - Mr. A. W. M. Lees, Mr. Henry Scott, Mr. R. Walker, Mr. and Mrs. George Stott; Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rome, two children and servant; Mr. Arthur Blunt, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Wadge; Miss E. E. Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tiarks, five children, Mr. C. Anson, Mr. Francis D. Kite, Mrs. Haygarth, Miss Annie Haygarth, Mrs. Wallis, Mrs. Hepburn, Miss Jane May, Mrs. Napier and 2 children, Mr. Philip Napier, Miss Edith Napier, Mrs. Raymond, Miss Mary Raymond, Mr. Percy Raymond, Mrs. Sleigh and servant, Miss Annie Sleigh, Miss Owen, Miss Howell, Mr. II. Hart, Baron Von Beust, Dr. and Mrs. A. K. Morson, child and servant, Mr. George Michael, and 112 in the second cabin and steerage. The following is a summary of the news brought by the Whampoa. GENERAL NEWS. LONDON, MAY 30. Captain Hume, late in command of the Immortalite, of the detached squadron, has been dismissed the service by a sentence of court-martial, for conduct unbecoming an officer and gentleman. H. M. S. Pearl reached Spithead on the 18th May. The Duke of Cambridge reviewed 14,000 men at Aldershot on the 27th May. There were, in addition, 2000 horses and 40 guns on the ground. The Army and Navy Gazette states that, in case a cavalry corps is sent abroad, the House- hold Brigade will form a part of it. Her Majesty it is reported, has purchased the extensive forest of Ballackbyne, adjoining Balmoral, from Colonel Farquharson, of Invercauld. It possesses the largest area of natural-grown Scotch firs in Scotland, the size, beauty, and symmetry of the trees being unequalled. The London correspondents of several leading country journals state that Lord Beaconsfield was very much opposed to the Queen going to Scotland in the present crisis. Other members of the Cabinet, it is said, hold the same opinion. An international British celebration of her Majesty's birthday has been held at St. Peters- burgh, Virginia. It lasted three days. There was a very large gathering, every British association in Canada and the United States being represented, and Americans exhibiting marked sympathy. A meeting of several thousand agricultural labourers was held in Somersetshire on the 21st May. The Prince of Wales had been invited to preside, but had written stating that he was unable to do so. Mr. Gladstone and others also wrote excusing themselves from attendance. The object of the meeting was to assimilate the country and the borough franchise. Lord Cairns has introduced a Bar Education and Discipline Bill into the House of Lords, providing for the establishment of a council of thirty, to be appointed by the four Inns of Court, and six by the Government. The council is to have jurisdiction over barristers, with power to disbench or disbar, subject to appeal to the Supieme Court Judicial Com- mittee. j Anthony Trollope is going to the Cape at the end of June. He will remain there six months, prior to writing a book on the j country. In consequence of the English Press, Conservative, Liberal, and Radical, with singular unanimity condemning the action of Marshal MacMabon in dismissing M. Simon, papers have been subjected to a censorship on entering France, and they are delayed several hours. Prince Bismarck's return to Berlin, almost immediately after the dismissal of the French Cabinet, was looked upon as an indication of speedy action against France. The change is regarded as bringing the Ultramontane party into power. He has since proceeded to Kishingen. It has been stated that Marshal MacMahon intends resigning if another Republican Assembly is elected. The Turkish Parliament is exhibiting con- siderable dissatisfaction at the conduct of the war. On the 22nd, the Chamber of Deputies voted the impeachment of the late Vizier, Mahmoud Pasha. The Ambassadors of Austria, Germany, and Italy arrived at Constantinople on the 17th May. A gross act of treachery on the part of Russia was noticed by the Berlin corre- spondent of the Times. A man named Kry siuski, a leader in the Polish insurrection of 1803, who escaped, applied for leave to re- turn. In answer, he was invited to come back. On doing so, he was tried and sentenced to banishment in Siberia. He made his escape, was caught, and tried a second time and shot. Reports have been received o£ a conspiracy having been discovered among the Circassians in the Russian army. Several officers have been unmercifully shot. In the firing between Kalafat and Widdin, the Standard correspondent at the latter place states that the Roumanian guns were directed against the military hospital at Widdin, which was flying the red cross. Several of the invalids were killed, and others were wounded. Lieutenant-General Sir Collingwood Dick- son, R.A., K.C.B., has been appointed military advisor to Mr. Layard at Constantinople. f Colonel Porter, R E., has been sent to Kars on a special mission, to report on the war in Asia Minor. Lieut.-General Sir Arnold Kimball has re- turned to Greece from Kars, and is stated to have expressed his opinion that the Turks cannot hold out long. A large number of gentlemen who have served in the British army are about entering the Tiukish. army, and it is thought that they will make their presence felt, as did their pre- decessors in 1844 and 1845. A telegram from Vienna in tho Standard of May 30 states that Count Schouvaloff has assured Prince Bismarck that Russia covets no ' acquisition of territory in European Turkey, I and that she wül eventually only claim Upper i Armenia as far as Kars, excluding ' Erzeroum, so as not to ' interfere | with English interests near the Euphrates, provided that English neutrality is not changed during tho further events of the war The Russian and Austrian Emperors are to ' have an interview at Hermanstadt. ' ' ' A great demonstration took place ob. May ...O' - ' ' 29,~ät"~Belgrade, the" capital of Servia, in i favour of Russia. '' I The date of the departure of the Czar from Buckharest is purposely not made known. The frequent accidents on the Roumanian rail- , ways has given rise to a fear that a conspiracy , to cause his death is afloat. I Advices from General Loris Melikoff, re- ceived at St. Petersburg, state that the Mus- sulman population have risen en masse since the proclamation of the f etwa by the Sheik-ul Islam. General Rescheff, it is said, has been compelled to retreat before the Circassian in- surgents. According to a Tiflis telegram the Russian garrison of Sukhoum Kaleh, after the de- struction of the place and fort, retired to the forte and blockhouse of Macamba, on the heights to the north-east, and have been re- inforced by the battalions of riflemen from the Kuban, and regular field and mountain batteries. Notwithstanding these reinforce- ments an attack made on the Turkish positions at Sukhoum Kaleh, a few days ago, seems to have been completely unsuccessful. The Russians wore driven back with loss, leaving a considerable quantity of arms and ammuni- tion on the field. The natives of Abkasia as well as the Circassians are, it is stated, now in full in- surrection. The Sultan has ordered 20,000 revolvers to be pureShased out of his private purse, and dis- tributed among the insurgents. The son of Schamyl, Mesmed Pasha, has gone to join the revolted Circassians, and it is announced from St. Petersburg that the other son of Schamyl, who is established there and holds rank in the Russian army, has gone to the Caucasus, no doubt to use his influence, or rather the weight of his name, with the mountaineers. The effect produced by the insurrection in the Caucasus, the Vienna correspondent of the Times says, seems to be all the greater in Russia as it was quite unexpected. All accounts previous to the war were such as to excite no apprehensions about a possible rising there. The race between Royd and Hgigins was rowed in tempests of wind and rain, and the river was lashed into angry roar. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attack of boils, the betting was strongly in favour of Higgins. A clear load of two lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who from that moment held the race secure, Higgins not having a ghost of a chance against him. Altogether it was a hollow affair. The Daily Telegraph com- menting on the race says there was a space of at least 200 yards between the men as Boyd went under Barnes' Bridge ; and that he could have won by a quarter of a mile ia undeniable had he not judiciously slackened his pace ; as it was Higgins, who showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, waa about 20 lengths behind at the finish. Boyd won in 28 minutes 24 seconds, by Benson's chrono- meter watch. With the stakes of £400 and the scullers championship, Boyd also took as a challenge trophy, the handsome cup given by the proprietors of a Newcastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd or Blackman will go to Australia and there compete with Trickett, who last June easily defeated Joseph Sadler for the Thames championship, but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgins. The following account of the sinking of a second Turkish ironclad in the Danube is telegraphed by the special correspondent of the Times at Buckharest:-"One'of the most daring deeds ever recorded in the history of warfare was performed on the Lower Danube, near Ibraila, on Saturday morning, Muy 20. A small detachment of Russian soldiers, commanded by Lieutenant Dubaschiff, accom- panied by the commander of the Roumanian flotilla, Major Murgesen, left the northern shore of the Danube in a number of small boat«, and proceeded towards the point Petra Fetei, below Machin, and. opposite Ibraila, at which point there was stationed a large Turkish monitor. The night was very dark, and they managed to surround the monitor before being discovered by the Turkish, sentries on board. They were challenged, and ' who goes there ' rang out on the night air. Major Mur- gesen replied in Turkish, 'friends.' The Turks evidently not satisfied, commenced firing in the direction of Matchin, not knowing where these boats were. During the firing, several of the Russian soldiers, under the direction of Lieutenant Dubascneff, plunged into the water, swam silently to the hull of the ironclad vessel, and placed the deadly torpedo in close contact with the bottom of the monitor. After the destructive machine had been securely fastened, and the wire of an electric battery had been accurately adjusted, the men retired to the neighbouring shore of the river, and at half-past 3 in the morning the monitor was blown into the air, with all the officers and crew. The explosion was terrific ; and as nothing is said of the crew being saved, it is supposed that all on board perished with the vessel. The cool determi- nation with which this fearful" enterprise was successfully carried out, speaks for itself. The fate of the second Turkish monitor already sent to the bottom of the Danube with all on board, shows how futile is the expecta- tion that gunboats can maintain the mastery of a river lined with hostile batteries, rilled with enemies as resolute as the men whoso deeds are recorded above. The name of the monitor destroyed was the Dar Matrin." At an annual meeting of the National Rifle Association it was resolved to get up a united team from England and Ireland to shoot in the long range international match in America. 