THE CONTRIBUTOR. FIVE MINUTES WITH AN OLD NEWSPAPER. Br LIPPOK DAIHN DOS A. Few more striking illustrations of the changes wrought in the condition of Mel bourne daring the past 30 yean could be brought forward than that afforded by a perusal of an old paper, handed to me a few days ago bj one who had worked in the office at which it was produced. The paper in question is a copy of the Part Phillip Patriot, dated 30th Jane, 1847-barely 30 yean ago. Not each a very long time after all-a period well within the recollection of men yet in the prime of life-a date at which many who are still hale and hearty had already passed the grand climacteric. And yet how great the alterations which have occurred in the history of " Port Phillip" since this modest broadsheet- then the only newspaper published in Melbourne-left the press: how striking the contrast between the Patriot of 1847 and the Collins-street thunderer of 1877! To say that the Patriot of Jane 30, 1817, was in every respect inferior to any colonial journal of the present day would be to do scant justice to the Australian press; the latest literary fledgling issued from the most obscure hamlet in the colony would put to shame the Melbourne daily of 30 yean ago; and, to judge from the adver tising columns of the Patriot, the humblest provincial journal now commands a much more liberal amount of pecuniary support. But none the less on that acoount is the old paper interesting as a relio of the infancy of the colony, a relic of the pastoral age, the time before the country had been rushed by the gold seekers, and when it was yet but an appanage of New 8outh Wales-the " Bo tany Bay "with which naughty little boys and girls in England were threatened when they be came more than usually troublesome. It may not, therefore, be out of place to devote a few lines to this shadow of the past this very ghost of colonial journalism, ana hear the tale it tells. The Port Phillip Patriot, then -the predecessor of The 4f?i»-ootiBiflts of four pages of a size about an inch narrower and perhaps two and a half inches shorter than a page of The Argus, all the oontents being set, however, in muoh larger type. Of these four pages, on* and a half are devoted to advertisements, one i column to original local paragraphs, and nearly all the rest of the apace is filled with extract nurttor, principally (ton the Sydney Morning.Herald- By the imprint of the paper, it MAIDS that it was "edited, printed, and published at the Patriot office, by George D'Arley Boursiquot, sole proprietor, and from the moment this announcement is met with, one is inclined to condone all short coming. Who coold expect great things in a daily paper " edited, published, ana printed" by one man? Unpretending as is the little sheet before me, no doubt Mr. George D'Arley Boursiquot had quite enoogh on his hands. Probably, in addition to his literary \- " ' k. intendedbaimewmatters, lookednp "ads, collected debts-(oh, the difficulty of collect, ingprintera' debts!)-and generally was the life and soul of the concern. How, then, could Mr. George D'Arley Boursiquot, sole pro prietor, torn oat a large amount of original copy ? Why, even The Argus, with its army of correspondents, its vast mechanical appliances -even The Argus, I say, would make bat a sorry show were its litenuy and commercial staff reduced to one solitary individual; and BO I will allow a mantle to fall over all the deficiencies of the Patriot. I will, however, glance for a moment through the pages, in the hope of thus finding something that shall bear out the motto which heads the paper, the motto that told the Melbonrne public of 1847 that the Patriot was designed " To show the very age and body of the time, its torn and pressure." The first column of advertisements commences with the proprietor's own business announcements, setting forth that "common law summonses," "stock re turns." "printers' ink," and "dog forms," can be procured at the Patriot office; and a certain "Mr. James Beveridge. late of the Travellers' Rest, Coilingwood, is re. quested to rail at the Patriot office and pay his account I hope this invitation was re sponded to; but I have misgivings on the point Nay, I have an intuitive conviction that Mr. Beveridge did not torn up in answer to that advertisement, orif he did,-that he dis puted the bill; that he said he never ordered the paper; that he didn't approve of its prin ciples; that it was an irreverent and godless paper, or else that it truckled to the clergy; 1 know, in short, as well as if I had been present in Collins-street in June, 1847, that Mr. Boursiquot sole proprietor, was treated with contumely by this person Beveridge, when he asked for his money. The next advertisement is that of an assurance office, which announces that " an extra premium of £1 per cent per annum will be charged for risk of death from casualty by collision with the aborigines." The direc tors, however, considerately add that this " may be assured or not at the option of the assurer." Mr. W. Clarke advertises his music and stationery warehouse, and "general bindery"-whatever that may be. He gives no address. Perhaps he needed nothingof the kind in 1847; allthat a stranger probably would have to do to find him, would be to ask for " the" stationer's shop, or the " general bindery," as the case might be, and the inhabitants of Melbourne aB one man wonld point with unerring finger to Mr. Clarke's emporium. Mr. Thomas Ham offers a map of "Australia Felix and its squatting districts " for 16s. A feature of the map ia that "it embraces the whole extent of country included in the probable boundaries of the colony on the granting of separation by the Home Government" A dyer named William Howes, residing "near Mr. Gregory's iron-store" in Collins-street, rushes into poetry of a very inferior kind in order to make known the fact " That he, crape, shawls, veils, and silk dresses Host beautifully dyes and preasei; And renders clothes, whate'er their hue, Grey, drab, or brown, or dusky blue, A matchless black, or perfect sable By process quite inimitable." Sir. HoweB also makes a statement from which it would appear that the ladies of Port Philip 30 years ago had anticipated the pe culiar reform in feminine costume intro duced some yean later in America by Mrs. Colonel Bloomer. I quote from the adver tisement:-"Ladies' cloaks, riding habits, doe and buckskin breeches cleaned and finished up in true fashion for the ensuing races." This really a moet startling announce ment, and shows how little we know con cerning the habits of lady colonists of even so short a time ago as 30 years since. By the next advertisement I regret to see that Mr. Bour siquot Bole proprietor, had been victimised again: a reward of 20 guineas (there were guineas in those days) being offered for the apprehension of one James Eyles Mounsher, who had absconded with some cash from the Patriot office. The thief is described as having "very little eyebrows, and rather bald, hair stained "-evidently a villain of the deepest dye. No wonder that Mr. Bour siquot cautions the public in the next ad vertisement not to pay any more money to this miscreant; no wonder that he should add that in future "all receipts given for monies paid on account of the Patriot must bear the signature of G. D. Boursiquot" By the succeeding announcement I notice that even 1847 was not an age of Arcadian sim plicity. There were impostors in Melbourne -progenitors, no doubt, of the "confidence " ana "match-box trick" men-even in those days. At all events, the public are cautioned against " certain persons representing them selves in distress, who have of late being going about the town soliciting money from the charitable and humane." And the bene volently disposed are recommended only to give alms through the medium of three so cieties-the Strangers' Friend Society, the St James's Visiting Society, and the Friendly Brothers' Society. Let us hope the warning was effectual. The next item in the business columns of the Patriot is a long advertise ment of an approaching sale of Crown lands, the proclamation being issued by "Sir Charles Augustus Fitzroy, Knight Companion of the Royal Hanoverian Guelphic Order, Captain . General and Governor . in - chief of New South Wales." This, with a few impounding notices, brings the first page to a dose. The second page com mences with "Shipping Intelligence," from which I gather that the ships in Port Phillip harbour on 30th June, 1847, were nx in number, the largest being the James but a subsequent post-office notice announces that the Pythagoras, brig, 236 tons, is about to be despatched for Liverpool with the English maiL The latest date from England was 24th February, about 18 weeks previously. By a " rates of exchange" table, I see that things have not Improved in all respects since 1847. Bills on Sydney wen then pur chased at 1 per oent disoount, and issued at 1 per oent premium. Now, last week, being on a visit to the other side of the Murray, I chanced to get hold of a New South Wales £5 note. When I got to Melbourne, I was ohaiged, by the same bank that issued the note, 2a. 6d. l'. ii * - " - duties, he also super for nothing «IM, is at least commendable for its brevity; it ia contained in just 20 lin^, ^ leaded long primer, and ntan toaatxpKM speedy solution of the "squatting difficult* " l^tiie passing of the Orders in Council. ni^. upon toe loader follows along extract from an English paper, describ4-- * - some of the" horrors of We not oome to the original local matt«» This consists of four paragraphs about poSS court cases: two referring todesertionahv..? Borne of the six ships in the bay, and ouS a Mrs. Maria King-a mostimpioper AM party, who seems to have been caufhtin the act of picking pockets in the taproom <5 the William Tell Inn, and who was ran! juBtly sentenced to three months' imDriar!? ment. The fourth (and last) ITT} paragraph convajs BO happy an illustrationnf the free-and-easy manners of the time that I cannot resist quoting it in its entiretv-it tons as follows' ' " MAOISTKBIAL COURTESY,-Business at tint preliminary court was remarkably brisk M*. terday; there were, however, only two' lush ingtons,' John Collins and Matthew CaffraT who each cast a diadem at the feet of her Majesty like loyal subjects, and retired. At about half-past 1 o'clock seven Pentonvilliann who had been remanded from the prevfoiu day were placed in the dock, the whole of the necessary witnesses being in attendance The only magistrate on the Bench was ML James Smith, who, looking at his lever, discovered to his horror that ft WM lunch time, and the Pentonville ease would in all probability last a oonple of hours. 'Why were these men remanded?' said his worship, apparently in a high state of ex. citement. 'I hadn't the witnesses,' said the chief constable. ' I don't care,' eaid his worship; ' these cases are always shoved on me, and 111 not take it; the Mayor's began it let the Mayor finish it,' and the mim wen in consequence again remanded nnffl th» morning. After the "locals" are passed over, we come to copious extracts from the Sudneu Morning Herald, including inter alia a letter from a Mr. Hobbler, a settler on the Marram, bid gee, describing a recent encounter with a banyip on Mr. Tyson's station. The is referred to by the writer as the " Kine. pratia," and it is described as " about as trig as a six months old calf, of a brown colour, a long neck and long pointed large ears, and a thick mane of hair from the head down to the neck, and two large tasks." Unfortunately the " Kinepratia" was not captured. At the end of the bunyip story come more advertisements, among which I note the following, that refers to a fcfad hearted, genial old gentleman who but a few months since passed away to his rest, after residing for half a lifetime in Albury. " Dr. Keatinge, late of Collins-street, Mel. bourne, begs to acquaint the settlers of the Upper Hume and Murrav district, that at the request of a number of friends he has re moved to the township of Albury, where he purposes practising his profession. " Albury, Hume River, June 8th, 1847." Next comes the card of the landlord of the Queen's Head Tavern, Queen-street, an enter, prising Boniface who had fitted up his house " regardless of expense," and wbo founded his claim to public support on the somewhat peculiar ground that he had been "for several years chief clerk in the sheriff's de partment" Why this should have been a recommendation is not at this distance of time easy to determine. It is clear, however, that in 1847 the Queen's Head was a " swell" house, and it may be that the officials in the particular branch of the public service referred to had established a reputation for connoi. seurship in fermented and spirituous liquors, and that the hoBt's former connexion with the department was a guarantee of good tipple. The Adelphi Tavern-it will be ob Berved that the good old-fashioned word " tavern" had not become obsolete in 1847 appealed to a different class of customers. The advertisement is addressed " to bush* men," and a special feature is made of the fact that "secure bullock yards ate provided the said yards bung alluded to as "the necessaiyattendantto parties recently arrived from the interior." If doubtful English were not nnhapnily too oommon, even in this year of grace 1877,1 might question the propriety of referring to a bullock-yard as though it were a valet, or a travelling-bag; but I will let that pass. The only jeweller who ad vertised his wares in the Patriot was Mr. Thomas Flemming Cooke, whose place of business wss in Elic&beth-street;, " near the shoemaker's." He promised " punctuality, and moderate chargesand if he kept his word, all I can say is that he was wonderfully in advance of many of bis numerous sue* cessotB in the same line of business. Recol lections of a delightful art-now. alas, all but obsolete, thanks to photography-are brought to mind by the simple announcement "Mr. Bland, portrait-painter, 'Prince of Wales.'" I fear, however, that even in11847 Mr. Bland's profession was at a low ebb in Melbourne. The address-at a tavern-is painfully suggestive of an out-at-elbows resort, fain to pick up a scanty livelihood by producing black sticking-plaster silhouettes for a clientele of taproom frequenters; anil perhaps, compoundinx for his " sheoak ecore by painting the landlord and landlady cabinet size. I fancy I see the companion pictures, the imposing attitudes, the Gre cianised snub noses, with precisely the same Corinthian pillar and flowing crimson drapery f or a backgroundin each picture; and I canima gine the hostess stipulating for a sketchi of her eldest hope (with an apple in his hand) being given in. I hope Mr. Bland firmly resisted this manifest attempt at imposition. The next advertisement is that of a nurseryman-»r. J. Sbepperd, and it proves that the colonial aptitude for " blowing" existed many a long year before it was discovered by M*. Anthony Trollope. Mr. Shepperd evidently appreciated his own merits, as witness am announcement that" At his nursery be has by perseverance, talent, and expenditure got such a choice variety as Co please the men fastidious, and gratify the most curious aa« refined tastes, and hopes to maintain that high character his nursery has so disan guishingly attained." They evidently knew the value of big words in 1847. Passing over a oolumn of Motion 1 come to the card of Mr. Charles Linstead, jM. it appears, was the fortunate proprietor ottae *' New Horse Bazaar." This gentleman clearly in advance of the age, lor, in additio* to keeping "rigs" and saddle horsf* on hire, he informed his patrons that'" the cab could be had at a moment's notioe, night or day always provided, we may assume, that seno* body else hadn't hired it, .. __ Bnt at this I will drop the veil- The idea suggested to my mind of Mdlwurne wxtn " the" cab-one oab-is something too<g' palling. I will puisne no further w qnarian researches. No longer will I^taT from itsslambeisthkUtsraqfBip> Van Ww"* but test content with the hope that this CM Bory glance at the oontents of an old new paper may enable "new chum 'readers of The Australasian to form a alight idea of th* ***. changes that have been wrought in thw «.h within a period that, after all. is a goodd*1 shorter than an avenge lifetime. Albury. 