DR. WAUG-HAN- ON CONFESSION:- are.glad" that the, Archbishops of, Sydney has found .an, opportunity, to /give' the two addresses which he left ont of the list of his Lenten discourses. "We- talcs' the report of, the first, on "Confession," from the report given in the Popish organ of Sydney ;,and we arei bound- to say that the Archbishop delivered himself of: a speech which, will maintain his reputation for wordiness and shallowness, and give new demonstration of his deliberate dis-' honesty as a disputer and quoter." We have neither room nor inclination to follow the Archbishop through the mazes of ten columns of brevier in Freeman, and expose all the fallacies and falsehoods which 'crowd every one of them ; but we shall here do enough to indicate what could easily be done with all the rest. Dr. Vaughan sets out with, the state ment that Christ " invented baptism " for the purpose of " wiping out our sin." Then, he sets out to reason that he who did so could not intend to. " stop there." He says, " If the end of baptism is to cleanse the soul from' original- and actual sin, so to fill it with grace as to fit it to re ceive the glory of the blessed, it stands to reason that some additional assistance would be afforded to man, ome other in strument would be placed within his. reach, through which he. might receive further help . . . . Does it not stand to reason that the same temper of thought- fulness for the creature which invented baptism for him would not leave him helpless when in greatest peril in the battle of life." - Alii , this is1 a very con venient mode of reasoning and .particu-, larly adapted , .for misleading i and bewil dering shallow hearers. Proceed with a fw niore "ifsj" and take for granted every/ thing j and then, of course/the conclusions, will come out exactly as you. intended. For exafilple, If Dr. Vaughan- be a true: mam, then he will speak the truth." " If Djr Vaughan he a true successor, of , the; Apostles,; he will teach exactly what -the/ Aipostlesltaaght." -If Dr.- Vaughan have' a | commission from God, then, of course, he u will 'sphak God's ..words." But this sort of stuff willuneypr-ypoye; ;any thing ; land cannot be indulged in, but'j ;with,the intention1 to deceive. l.Deny the "if/' anil t.lian wliAro ova vnn ?, , , ia vartr nnnvo. w , r. i " : ! --J w,v ment , for. -Dr. Vaughan to speak of what "Ist'ands 'tb reason'/' but' it never ' stands 'to reason first, to, assume. a .premise, and then to establish a conclusioh from it. Christ never invented -bapti'fto.wi- outj sin, 'and 60 it,nnohViyrcn> that after sin lias been wipad'.out ishowhZ. still remain -rtoii.be 'l wiped- out 'by- EomeJ other /means. / ' When/Dr. . Vaughan lids' fouiid out 'that' it stands, to reason that after baptism has /' wiped out sin,'.' something else should be "invented to wipe it: out as - often as con tracted afterwards, he establishes the 'new invention of " Confession .'. and priestly absolution!" Confession and; priestly abso lution are to clear off :;old score's, and to furnishing a man with a " clear starting point to begin a more generous service." Surely this is Popish logic J Its standing to reason must be very obvious and " clear as mud !" ' ' 1 ' " ' But Confession " must- not be to God for if it were, a man would, belrisoumfcidge as to how and how much he .should confess 1 He must confess to ,a man— a man in whom- ChWdhspeaks— a; man who sits in the placerofl 'God-r-and K man who . is thoroughly. expert in, all -questions about; the heart and -conscience,- and >nho is trained to detect the windings of sin. V nd the argument with whioh this Confesbon is defended is this: — " Sin was committed before man ; therefore, confession of sin must be before man y and if shame and modesty should '/ shrink from 'he . dip.-/ closure of sin and crime before man, it : i-j one of the blessings and virtues of - this Confession that it abases our pride, and ; makes sin hard to/ us ! ! Here, then, the whole case is proved as it " stands to reason/- and the duty of confession to the priest ;.is quite estab lished ! So therProtestants who disgraced themselves by attendingt''Piy,,..Vaugban's sermon were told, and we> hojppi that ihey ,are capable of understandmg that tht. speaker insulted,- their r-imon .senserin saying so. ! 1 ' f' ' ' ' Dr. Vaughan made a" show of offering other1 pr6o&; 1 'First; he referred to1 the' "Fathers, " arid quoted from their writings ; but (we y should ;lecline\\.it"o trust iDr, Vaughan ih'' quoting 'the Fathers ; he" has " already been convicted of such . dishonest garbling, that his word . oh. tKe 'Jionor of an English gentleman is not to be be lieved without .the reference'.to chapter- and', : verse : but beyond ; this,, therje . is not a single quotation which, lie makes which (proves. miriwUvr confession- every,, one .is; 'perfectly,' consistent with, that frank/and open " acknowledgement of ' faults which 4every one admits is. proper in rthe. ca.se of, those who 'liave erred/Next, Dr.' Vaughan .'referred to the Church of - 'England office for the " visitation of the' sick but Dr. Vdughan knows that/ in doing, sp Jxe wa,Bs guilty jb'f. Ja(fraud of wliich, lie ouglit|tp /bo'" ashamed. Whatever is - to be said in defence or explanation of the; absolu tion": which Church of England ministers are authorized to pronounce, it is as totally different from that of the priests of Rome, and the confession involved in it from the auricular confession' which Popery has invented and continues to practice, as the' declaration of a truth to the penitent before God, is different from the judicial sentence of a judge who sits and acts in the place of Christ. It is, therefore, simply scanda lous for this Popish orator to defend, or prove, or justify his abominable " picklock confession," by referring to the confession and absolution of the Church of England service. Next, Dr. Vaughan referred to Scripture/ and, of course, the passages were quoted about Christ giving his Apostles power " to bind and to loose " — " Whosoever sins ye retain they are re tained, and whosoever sins ye loose they are loosed." But while this passage will never prove auricular confession and priestly probing of penitents to findout their sins, like a physician searching out disease, the necessary thing in the case is taken for granted; viz., that the power of the Apostles has descended to the . .priests of the Church of Rome. He is bub' a poor scholar who does- not know something about the ancient question of the " power of the keys," and who does not know the ancient use of the' terms "'binding and .loosing/' but he is a poorer -scholar still who is not- able to/see ; that the argument is an absurdity, i-that because the inspired Apostles ffiad ; power to " bind and loose," therefore, -priests who are not inspired have the same power !,. and while the in spired Apostles knew, the, priests have to. pump:; their Victims in- order to .know ! 'Take the case of Ananias and, Sapphira — Peter Icrieui tbie wickedness of both, and challenged, them openly with their wicked ness; therefore the priestk" who' Mow nothing ask their fvictims tQ tell -them all and lest they should not iell them all, they! y\1tt fliorvi wif.vQhnrnino'KlAl>iiiAaf.iATta art/ull this . questionipg, goes on in -dark corners and confessional boxes!" Popish .logic,, you- see.; , But, _ lastly, tX>r/3yaB2ferrMthrto; ,the /great Protestant champion Chilling-5 'worth, ;and /.quotes, him", as )approvingi ; and :m'amtaingl;.AURicuLARfi, confession, r and p6p.ish i' absoilutioni;/ and- ; after ' he has .quoted/ heputs'this!question,'"iWHatthen is.; the power . claimed jbpr the/Church., of England Chillihgworth and . cldim0 'by/the: Catholic Church.", - ....-i/V; ' -Now/ it - is hardly possible -for us to do otherwise than 'charge/Div Vaughan with deliberate, falsehood in both., of these statements. . Of coursev , he could rattle them off in St. Mary's — without censure -—before the senseless Protestants who were there to countenance the raree-show, and to see the chief performer in1 hiB colored garments; but when ¥ these statements are reduced to printing, and thrown broad-cast through the colony to deceive and beguile, we are bound to speak as distinctly as we can in conviction of . . . the motive and falsehood of Dr.. Vaughan. The question is, Is it true or not true that the Church of England claims that same power in confession and absolution which the Church of Rome does 1 and did: Chil- lingworth; maintain and claim this also 1 The answer to tlie first part of the- ques tion is, that the' Church of Rome herself in her standard, works and decrees, re pudiates the sense upon which the Church' of England relies, and claims what the Church of England nowhere claims, " the p wer of mricular confession, and the power of pro.Youncing a judicial sentence in absolution. But the answer to the second part of the question is best given by prodi. . ihg the true words and senti- ments -of jChillingworth alongside with the false/. and ' garbled extracts which. Dr Vaughan has given as showing the views ' of the great Pvotestai = ' qh. riapion." Let Us' .give . then che false and-, .the true in parallel columns ! i dr! "vaughan's false chillingworth's 1 " extracts.,: i own, words. ' ! " .Can ' any man be . . " Suppose Zaccheus ao unreasonable' as to did -freely and volun- imagine that when our ; tarily ! confess his sins Saviour' in' so solehin a to' 'Christ, who had manner, ' hiving' first ' authoi : y "to forgive breathed -on 'His 'dis- him his sins "though ciples,- thereby convey- he' never had discov- , ing-' and1 - insinuating ered' the'm, what re- the": Holy /Ghost ' in collection shall be their hearts, renewed : made from1 hence? unto' them, or "rather Zaccheus might be as jConfirmedthat glorious 1 hold a,sj he would with ciommi.. si on; &c.;,' A/mwf/but asforushis whereby He'delegated example shall he , no an - authority of hind- , . rule to us ; we thank ing 1 and loosing sins ' God, this is Popery upon'iarth,' . . can' "in.0 these 'days, and any pne think, I say, Bin'ce - we "have freed so unworthy of -bur' ' ourselves from this Saviour as ,to esteem burden!' we will not he those words of His for brought into bondage 'no better than a com- to ' any man ; we - will pliment ? Therefore in 'iconfess our sins, I obedience to His gra- warrant you, only to cious Will, and as I God, who is only able am- warranted and en- to forgive us them ; as joined by my holy for the minister, it mother the Church of may be", we will some- England, I beseech times be beholden to you that by your him to speak comfort- practice and uses you able words now and will not suffer that . then to us, when toe commission which are troubled in con- Christ hath given to science ; and we have His minister, to be a hot been taught to go vain form of words any further. . . Give without any sense us leave, therefore, 1 under them. When pray you, to give you you find yourselves the state of the ques- chargod and oppressed tion (confession) and . . have recourse the doctrine of our to your spiritual phy- Church, in .the words sicians, and freely dis- of one — Bishop Usshec olose themalignancy of — who both now is and . your disease. And for ever will bo wor- come not to him only . thily consecrated to with such' .a mind as : the glory of this king- you would go to a dom. Be it known to learned man, as one -our adversaries of that can speak com- Rome . . . that no . fortable things to you; kind of' confession, -v but as' to one that has either public or ' pri- authority delegated to vate, is disallowed by him from God Him- our Church that is self to absolve and 'any way requisite for acquit you of your " the "due execution of sins." ' ' the. power of the keys ' - ; ' .-Which Christ bestowed : l'. on the Church. The . r; / v B'thing which we reject ! ''' p--. l;ia f :that'new pickloch I of sacramental conf es- sidh obtrudecl'upoii tnen'B consciences, as a matter necessary' to" f salvation,' by ' Ifie canons of the late Conventicle ' of Trent Mth' session. . Can any man bs so. unreasonable as dare to imagine with' himself ' thai when our » Saviour :kfter his' resurrection 'having received all pbwer in heaven > and earth ; when He in ' sb solemn a manner having first breathed upon His dis ciples, thereby conveying and insinuating the Holy Ghost into -their hearts, renewed unto . them/ or- rather confirmed arid sealed unto shem rthat glorious commission &c.;,3whcreby He dele- ' gated to them an authority of binding and loosing sins upon earth. . . Can any one I say, think bo unworthily of our Saviour as to esteem these words for no better than compli- . ment?. 'for nothing hut court holy water? .Yet so impudent have our adversaries of Home '.been' in.' their dealings with us that they have dated to lay to our charge as if we had so mean a conceit of onr Saviour's eift of the kevs : taking advantage indeed from the unwary ex pressions of some particular divines, who out of a too forward zeal against 'the Church of Romehave bended the staff too much the contrary way; and instead of taking away the intolerable burden ' of a sacramental, necessary, and universal con fession, have seemed to void and frustrate all ' useand evercise of the keys. ; . . Therefore, in obedience to His (Christ's) gracious will,: and as 1 am warranted and even enjoined' by my holy mother the Church of England expressly in the Book of Common Prayer, and in the rubric of visiting the sick. .1 beseech you that by your practice and U3e you will -not5 suffer that commission, which Christ hath given to His ministers, to be a vain form of words without -any BenBe under them . . But whensoever you find yourselves charged and oppressed, especi ally- with such crimes as they call peccata vaslantia conscientiam (faults that lay waste the conscience), that you have recourse to your spiritual physician, and freely disclose the nature and malignancy of your disease, that he may be able, as the case shall require, to pro portion a remedy . . " And come not to him only with such a mind as you would go to a learned man experienced in the Scriptures) as to one who can speak comfortable, quieting words to you, but aB to - one who hath authority dele gated to him from God Himself to absolve and acquit you of your sins:" | iNow, i3 there in all this a single' word in defence or maintenance of " auricular gecrefc'Confessicin," such as is practiced by the OhurcH of Rome? Surely the. whole statement of Chillxngworth is intended to condemn the confession of Rome, and to uphold that acknowledgement of faults which any tender conscience will desire to make,;and which is comforted with the, assurance, of proper authority that such candid confession will have forgiveness. We'; appeal' to the intelligence of every reader; and affirm that we have here once more convicted Dr. Vaughan of that vico J which, is peculiar to all Popish disputants,' 1 of quoting .dishonestly from authors, and; J of making authors say what they did not | gay, and .what they would have scorned' | with ;v all the strength of their moral I nature. ;Dr. Vaughan is not.to- be trusted I in any statement which he makes ; for liis , Popery enables him to speak falsehood fas i truths and then .to -justify it-- .a# for /the 3 good of 'the Church. ,'v! 1 