THE MOATED GRANGE. An Original Tale. BY M. C. (Catherine Martin) Chapter I - MINJAH Minja was one of those towns which, at its best, was apt to look like a place designed by Providence for heartfelt repentance. If any publican or sinner wished to cultivate penitence in sackcloth and ashes it would be difficult to select a more favourable locality in which to set about the process ; indeed there was an air of depression about it which would go far towards making the least erring dwell with remorse on venial failings. It was not that the scenery surrounding Minjah was of such a dreary character, or that the number of its inhabitants was so limited. It was simply that the place at an earlier era in its history had been known as a wonderfully go-ahead township, while now it is at a wonderful pitch of stagnation. In the impetuous days of its youth there had been a flourish of trumpets and an ingathering of the tribes, till in a marvellously short time the handful of wooden buildings which at first, comprised Minjah was replaced by streets and rows of substantial-looking shops and dwelling-houses that really formed a respectable-sized town. However, the resources of the district (in the north-east of Victoria), which were chiefly pastoral, were not adequate or sufficiently developed to support the number of tradespeople and the sudden influx of inhabitants. Distant El Dorados held out more brilliant prospects, and gradually a widespread exodus took place. Shops were shuttered, dwelling-houses deserted, and many tenements in the course of erection were left half finished. There was in particular an ex- tensive row of buildings in the south-end of the town, which an envious fate had blighted ere it went beyond the window stage of its growth. There they stood, gaunt and ghostly, their own apparent mission in the world being to add to the general air of dejection that pervaded the place. They were neither old nor picturesque enough to be called ruins. No ghost with any claim to orthodoxy would deign to put in an appearance among walls redolent of mortar that had been mixed yesterday, and placarded with handbills announcing amateur concerts and local tea meetings. Half-finished buildings, uninhabited houses, and grass-grown footpaths constitute a sufficient explanation of the low spirits that seized on most people when they first entered Minjah. When, in addition to these standing causes, is added the accidental one of a pouring rain, we have the picture of a place that looked almost as forsaken as if it had been devastated by sword and plague. This was certainly the impression made on the solitary passenger in one of Cobb & Co's royal mail coaches, as it jolted through High- street on its way to the Post-Office on the afternoon of a very wet day a few years ago. He looked with a languid kind of amazement down the whole length of the street, its deserted aspect forcibly recalling to his mind the legend of the '"Enchanted Castle." " Who supports the role of the rescuing prince ? Myself, I suppose, coming as fast as two spavined brutes, in an escaped- lunatic-looking vehicle, will take me. " O, love, I'd sleep a thousand years for another such kiss as this." But who -? " The coach stopped abruptly in front of the Post Office, and the traveller's idle musing came to an untimely end. " Now, sir," said the driver addressing the passenger after he had delivered the mail bags, " where do you wish to put up ? The Prince of Wales is considered as good as any house in the place. We always stay there." " Very well, I daresay it will do for me, I'll only be here for a day or two." The driver mounted to his seat, and continued his course along the exhilarating route of High-street." " Do you know where Dr. Lawford lives ?" asked the passenger presently. " Dr. Lawford, sir ? Oh yes, we'll pass his place presently ; there - that big two storey house to the right." " Well, just pull up opposite to it, I have to call there, and you may take my traps to the Prince of Wales. Whereabouts is it?" " You can see the corner of it from here, sir - just there, straight on past the National Bank, facing those half-built walls." The " big. two-storey building," at which the traveller alighted had, like most other houses, a distinct physiognomy of its own. If one was called upon to indicate its prevailing expression, it might be curtly summed up in the word ' hypocrisy.' A bright brass plate on the gate in front bore the inscription 'Pembroke House,' but it needed no wizard to tell that it was originally designed to serve a more universal purpose than the accommodation of a private family. This suspicion dawned on one when its two uniform rows of closely placed windows first caught the view. It was confirmed into a nascent belief by the very close proximity of 'Pembroke House' to the footpath, and it merged into " confirmation strong as the Holy Writ," when the internal arrangement of the establishment was revealed. Outwardly and inwardly the house had sustained a severe amount of snubbing (?) to obliterate all trace of its plebeian origin. The tiny strip of ground between it and the footpath had been vigorously brought within the fold of decorum by rigid-looking palings, painted a pale drab, with a nondescript species of ornamentation at the top. Indeed, there had been a rather celebrated local warfare, engaged as to the amount of ground which had been thus enclosed. Some members of the District Council were strongly of the opinion that Mrs. Lawforde had, in her anxiety to change the aspect of a ci-devant temperance hotel into a ' House and Educational Establishment for Young Ladies,' had unwarrantably encroached on the footpath. But Mrs. Lawforde was a woman of determination, and, as her husband was at at that time a Councillor, she carried the day. But those who knew this estimable lady were in no way surprised at this result. If Mrs. Lawforde had demanded the man in the moon to give a trustworthy narrative of this Bohemian mode of existence, a great number of Mrs. Lawforde's friends would be rather surprised if that erratic individual did not at once proceed to give an account of himself. It is probable that a good deal of Mrs. Lawforde's success with the " Educational Establishment " was due to this magisterial quality of making people guilty of any deviation from the acknowledged standard of morals and manners, feel that a full explanation was due to her personally for such dereliction. She had just left the sphere of her undisputed sovereignty - the schoolroom - when she encountered the housemaid with a card in her hand. " Please, ma'am, there's a gentleman wishin' to see Miss Lawforde ; I've showed him into the sittin'-room." " Miss Lawforde ? This is his card. 'Mr, Richard Lawrence!' - Lawrence ; oh, yes, I remember. You need not disturb Miss Lawforde, Jane, I will see this gentleman myself presently." Mrs. Lawforde went to issue some mandate to the cook, Jane betook herself to her own duties, and the gentleman in the 'sittin'-room' was left for some little time to his own reflections. There was a door of communication between the schoolroom and that in which he sat. This being half ajar, he was edified by overhearing very distinctly what was said in Mrs. Lawforde's ' Educational Establishment.' There was a class evidently being put through their paces in sacred history. " Miss Bird, will you tell me what position Pilate held ?" There was a pause. Then some one answered : " He was a publican." " How do you know that ?" " Because he kept a public house." What makes you think so ?" It says in the hymn - ' So he stands at Pilate's bar. Mr. Richard Lawrence not only overheard, but without being at all over- curious, he saw the young lady who was eliciting this new fact in the history of Pilate. She was standing in profile, directly before the door which stood ajar. She was of the middle height, dressed in deep mourning, slight and pale, with a sweet expressioned mobile mouth, wistful brown eyes, a broad low brow, delicately veined, framed by silky chestnut hair with vivid gleams of auburn where the under parts shewed in the pliant coils in which her hair was gathered up at the back of her well-formed little head. She was evidently unconscious that there was any one in the adjacent room. But presently she was joined by another young lady, apparently a sister, a very saucy-looking girl, with rosy cheeks and wide-opened bright blue eyes. This independent-looking young personage gave a very comprehensive look at the occupant of the sitting- room beyond, who on becoming aware of the dauntless eyes that scanned him, pretended to be anxiously bent on deciphering some event in the life of Joshua, which was rather confusedly depicted on an antimacassar enshrouding the end of the couch. on which he sat. " That man," he said, " hath penance done, and penance more will do," murmured the girl, averting her gaze. " Who is that, Mary ?" she continued, turning to her sister, sitting ' like patience on a monument,' improving his mind by studying my scriptural needlework ?" " I did not know there was anybody there," answered Mary in a half-wearied tone, which seemed habitual to her. " I suppose it's some one come in on business." " I don't think he is a native of Minjah. I am sure I have not seen him before. If I were a novelist I should describe him as rather distinguished- looking, tall and dark, with majestic whiskers, and eyes capable at once of expressing deadly scorn and infinite tenderness, &c;, &c.;" " Dear me ! You must have stared rather rudely before you could tell so much regarding his eyes." " Not at all, dear. I merely gave a nonchalant glance with that noli me tangere kind of face with which well-bred young ladies usually regard good- looking strangers of the other sex. If you had looked for the same length of time as I did, you would simply be able to say that there was a gentleman in the next room. " Eyes and no eyes," you know. But why was Jane such a donkey as to show him into that den of shabbiness ? Ever since the new carpet was laid I declare the drawing-room is kept as sacred as a Chinese joss-house." " Why, Maggie, it was only yesterday I heard you scolding Jane for showing Mrs. Smith into the drawing-room." " Yes, I should think so indeed. A great fat woman with two pairs of twins, who came in to pay a bill. and talk shop ; asking if Mary Jane could do the rheumatic (chromatic) scale yet, and if we could teach Selina to sing some 'hymns and pharisees (paraphrases) for Sunday evenings." " Ah; well, you see Jane cannot draw subtle distinctions between prosperous residents of Minjah and strangers of distinguished aspect with expressive eyes." " That's mamma," said Maggie, somewhat irrelevantly, as the door of communication between the school and sitting-room was firmly closed. The conjecture was correct. " You are the gentleman, who was so kind to my late stepson, and who wrote to us after his death," said Mrs. Lawforde, after the preliminary greetings were over, regarding the stranger with that look of bringing him to account, which invariably characterised her expression. " Yes, madam. There were papers and some other things, besides those which were forwarded to you after Mr. Lawforde's death. Those I wish to deliver to his sister. Shortly before he died he asked me, if possible, to see her personally." " Oh, yes, I understand. Of course there would not be the slightest objection, only that Miss Lawford has been so deeply affected by her brother's unexpected death. For weeks she has been in a very precarious state of health. Indeed, Dr. Lawforde feared that her mind might be seriously affected. Even now, she has not altogether recovered. Now if she saw you personally, Mr. Lawrence, she would be sure to make a great many enquiries about her brother's last illness, which would be very painful to her. So altogether I think you will agree with me that it will be better for her not to see you." Lawrence was about to speak ; then he hesitated, bowed slightly, and remained silent. " In my position as Miss Lawforde's stepmother," continued the lady, " I feel that I have a double responsibility. If there is a message or anything, I could of course deliver it at a future suitable time." " I have no definite message for Miss Lawforde beyond what I wrote in the letter I sent to her some weeks after I communicated with Dr. Lawforde," returned Lawrence, as he rose to go. " Ah, that was another matter in which we considered it advisable to refrain from renewing the violence of my stepdaughter's grief. Your second letter came just as she was recovering from a slow fever, and both her father and myself deemed it more prudent to keep it from her until her health is fully re-established." Lawrence involuntarily looked rather surprised at this statement. " Am I to understand, then, that Miss Lawforde has not yet read the letter I sent to her two months ago ?" " No, not yet. Of course I do not expect a stranger fully to enter into our anxieties." " Oh, I do not for a moment presume to doubt the fitness of sparing Miss Lawforde all avoidable pain. But if I might offer an opinion, I should imagine it would be less trying to know something of her brother's last hours, and what he wrote to her, than to be kept in ignorance. Perhaps you were not aware, Mrs. Lawforde, that part of the letter I sent was written at Arthur Lawforde's dictation ?" " I knew that the letter would contain particulars which would inevitably cause my stepdaughter severe suffering. And the state of her health then, as now, did not warrant us to renew the first dreadful shock which the knowledge of her brother's death caused. Mrs. Lawforde spoke rather stiffly. She was in the habit of playing the part of a deputy-providence to those around her, and she was ill-disposed to tolerate anything that savoured of scepticism of the exceeding wisdom of her arrangements. " Allow me to thank you on behalf of us all, Mr Lawrence," she continued, as her visitor took his departure, " for your great kindness to my late stepson during his illness." " Pray do not speak of it. Arthur Lawforde was one of the finest fellows I ever met, and my very best friend. Anything it was in my power to do for him I did, as I would for a brother." To Be Continued. 