JOHN MAROHMONT'S LEGACY. CHAPTER XL. Mauy's 8TOBY.—(Continued.) BV THE AUTHOR OP "LADY AOBLBV's 8E01UIT,' "ELEANOIt's VICTORY," &C.;, &C.; In the rapture in finding the wife ho had mourned as dead, the young man had for a time almost forgotten the villaiiuus plotter who had kept hor hidden from him. But now as he sat quietly by tho bod upon which Mary and her baby lay, ho had loisuro to think of Paul Marchuiont. What was he to do with that man ? What vengeauco could he wreak upon tho head of that wretch who, for nearly two year?, had condemned an innocent girl to cruel Buffering and shame I To shame; for Edward know now that one of the most bitter tortures which Paul Marchmont had inflicted upon his cousin had been his protended disbelief in her mar riage. " What can I do to him," tho young man asked himself. " What can I do to him 1 There is no personal chastisement worse than that which he has endured already at my hands, The scoundrel! the heartless villain ! the false, cold-blooded cur! What can I do to him? t can only repeat that shameful degradation, and T trill repeat it. This time he shall howl under the lash like 6ome beaten hound. This time I will drag him through the village street, and let every idle gossip in Kemberling see how a scoundrel writhes under an honest man's whip. I will " Edward Arundel's wife woke while he was thinking what chastisement he should inflict upon her deadly foe; and the baby opened his blue eyes in tho next moment, and sat up, staring at his new parent. Mr. Arundel took the baby in his arms, and held him very tenderly, though perhaps rather awkwardly. The baby's round eyes opened wider at sight of those golden absurdities dangling at his father's watch-chain, and the little pudgy hands began to play with the lockets aud seals. " Ho comes to me, you see, Mary!" Edward said, with native wonder. And then he turned the baby's face towards him, and tenderly contemplated the bright blue eyes, the tiny dimples, the soft moulded chin, I don't know whether fatherly vanity prompted the fancy, but Edward Arundel certainly did believe that he saw some faint reflection of his own features in that pink aud white baby face; a sliadowy resemblance, like a tremulous image looking up out of a river. But while Edward was half thinking this, half wondering whether there could be any likeness to liim in that infant countenance, Mary settled the question with womanly precision. " Isn't he like you, Edward she whispered, " It was only for his sake that I bore my life through all that miserable time; and I don't think I could have lived even for him, if he hadn't been so like you. I used to lookathisface sometimes for hours and hours together, crying over liiui, and thinking of you. I don't think I ever cried except when he was in my arms, Then something seemed to soften my heart, and the tears came to my eyes. I was very, very, very ill, for a long time before my baby was bora ; and didn't know how the time went, or where I was. I used to fancy some- times I was back in Oakley-street, and that papa was alive again, and that we were quite happy together, except for some heavy hammer that was always beating, beating, beating upon both our heads, and the dreadful sound of the river rushing down the street under our windows. I heard Mr. Weston tell his wife that it was a miracle I lived through that time." Hester Jobson came presently with a teatray, which made itself heard, by a jingling of teaspoons and rattling of cups and saucers, all the way up the narrow staircase. The friendly carpenter's wife had produced her best china and her silver teapot,—an heirloom inherited from a wealthy maiden aunt of her husband's. Sho had been busy all the afternoon, preparing that elegant little collation of cake and fruit which accompanied the teatray; and she spread the lavenderscented table-cloth, and arranged, the cups and saucers, the plates and dishes, with mingled pride and delight. But she had to endure a terrible disappointment by-and-by; for neither of her guests was in a condition to do justice to her hospitality. Mary got up and sat in the roomy easy-chair, propped up with pillows. Her pensive eyes kept a loving watch upon tiie face of her husband, turned towards her own, and slightly crimsoned by that rosy flush fading out in the western sky. She sat up and sipped & cup of tea; and in that lovely summer twilight, with the scent of the flowers blowing in through the open window, and a stupid moth doing his best to beat out his brains against one of the diamond panes in the lattice, the tortured heart, for the first time since the ruthless close of that brief honeymoon, felt the heavenly delight of repose. " Oh, Edward," murmured tho young wife, " how strange it seems to be happy 1" Ho was at hor foot, half knocling, half sitting on a hassock of Hester's handiwork, with both his wife's hands clasped u his, and his head leaning upon the arm of her chair. Hester Jobson had carried off tho baby, and these two wero quite alone, all in all to each other, with a cruel gap of two years to bo bridged ovetfby sorrowful memories, by tendat words of consolation. They were alone, and they could talk quite freely now, without tear of interruption; for although in purity and beauty an iufaut is first cousin to the angels, still it must be owned that a baby i* rather a hindrance to conversation, and that a man's eloquence does not flow quite so smoothly when he bas to stop every now and then to rescue his infant sou from the imminent peril of strangulation, caused by a futile attempt at swallowing one of his own fists. Maty aud Edward were alone; they wero together once more, as they had been by tho trout-itraun in the Winchester meadows. A curtain had fallen upou all tho wreck and rum of the past, and they could hear the soft, mysterious music that was to be the prelude of a new act in life's drama. " I shall try to forget all that time," Mary said, presently; " I shall try to forgot it, Edward. I think tho memory of it would kill me, if it was to come back perpetually in the midst of my jov, as it does now, oven now, when I am so happy—so happy that I daro not speak of my happiness." She stopped, and her face dropped upon her husband's clustering hair. " You are crying, Mary!" "Yes, dear. There is something painful in happiness when it comes after such suffering." The young man lifted his head, and looked at his wife's face. How deathly palo it was, even in that shadowy twilight; how worn and haggard and wasted since it had smiled at him in his brief honeymoon. Yes, joy is painful when it comes after a long continuance of suffering; it is painful because we have become sceptical by reason of the endurance of such anguish. We have lost the power to believe in happiuess. It comes, the bright stranger: but we shrink appalled from its beauty, lest, after all, it should be nothing but a phantom. Heaven knows how anxiously Edward Arundel looked at his wife's altered face. Her eyes shoue upou him with the holy light of love. She smiled at him with a tender reassuring smile; but it seemed to him that there was something almost supernal in the brightness of that white, wasted face; something that reminded him of the countenance of a martyr who had ceased to suffer the anguish of death in a foretaste of the joys of heaven. " Mary," he said, presently, " tell me every cruelty that Paul Marchmont or his tools inflicted upon you; tell me everything, and I will never speak of our miserable separation again. I will only punish tho cause of it," ho added, in an undertone. " Tell me, dear. It will be painful for you to speak of it; but it will be only once. There are some things I must know. Remember, darling, that you are in my arms now, and that nothing but death can ever again part us." The young man had his arms round his wife. He felt, rather than heard, a low plain- tive sigh as he spoke those last words, "Nothing but death, Edward ; nothingbufc death," Mary said, in a solemn whisper. " Death would not come to me when I was very miserable. I used to pray that I might die, and the baby too ; for I could not have borne to leave him behind, I thought that we might both be buried with you, Edward. I have dreamt sometimes that I was lying by your side in a tomb, and I have stretched out my dead hand to clasp yoms. I used to beg and entreat them to let me be buried with you when I died; for I believed that you wero dead, Edward. I believed it most firmly. I had not even one lingering hope that you werealiva If I bad felt such a hope, no power upon earth would have kept me prisoner." " Tho wretches!" muttered Edward, between his teeth; " the dastardly wretches! the foul liars!" "Don'tEdward; don't darling. There is a pain iu my heart when I hear you speak like that. I know how wicked they have been * how cruel—how cruel. I look back to all my suffering as if it were some one else who suffered; for now that you are with me I cannot believe that miserable, lonely despairing creature was really me, the same creature whose head now rests upon your shoulder, whose breathJS mixed with yours. I look back end see all my past misery, aud I cannot forgive them Edward : I am very wicked, for I cannot ioigive my cousin Paul and his sister—yet But I don't want you to speak of them : Ionlv wautyou to lovo me ; I only want you to smile at me, and toll mo again and again and Sh." a 0 t h i l l g ^ p a r t m hut She paused for a few moments, exhausted by having spokou so lo»g. Hor head lay upon her husband's shoulder, and she clung a littio closer to him, with a slight Bhiver, " What is tho matter, darling?" «i fool as if it couldu't ho real" " Wliat, dear ?" "Thepresent—all this joy. Oh 1 Edward, is it Mai ? Is it—is it ? Or am I only dreaming ? Shall I wuko presently and feel the cold air blowing in at tho window, and see the moonlight ou the wainscot at Stony-String ford? Is it all rest?" " It is, my precious one. Afl red as the mercy of Grod, who will give you compensation for all you have suffered; as real as God's vengeance, which will fall most heavily upon your persecutors. And now, darling, toll me, tell me all, I must know the story of those two miserable years during which I have mourned for my lost love." Mr. Arundel forgot to mention that during those two miserable years he had engaged himself to become tho husband of another woman But perhaps when he is best and truest, a man is always just a shade behind a woman in the matter of constancy. " When you left me in Hampshire, Edward, I was very, very miserable," Mary began in a low voice; but I knew that it was selfish and wicked of me to think only of myself, tried to think of your poor father, who was ill and suffering; and E prayed for him, aud hoped that he would recover, and that you would come back to mo very soon. The people at the inn were very kind to me. gat at the window from morning till night upon the day after you left me, and upon the day after that; for I was so foolish as to fancy, every time I heard the sound of horse's hoofs or carriage-wheels upon the high-road, that you were coming back to me, and that all my grief was over. I sat at the window and watched the road till I know tho shape of every tree and house-top. every ragged branch of the hawthorn bushes in the hedge. At last—it was the third day after you weut away—I heard carriage-wheels, that slackened as they came to the inn. A Hy stopped at tho door, and oh, Edward, I did not wait to see who was in it,—I never imagined the possibility of its bringing anybody but you. I ran down-stairs, with my heart beating so that I could hardly breathe; and I scarcely felt the stairs under my feet. But when I got to the door—oh, my love, my love!—I cannot bear to think of it; I cannot endure the recollection of it " She stopped, gasping for breath, and clinging to licr husband; and then, with an effort, went on again,— " Yes; I will tell you, my dear; I must tell you. My cousiu Paul and my step-mother were standing in the little hall at the foot of the stairs- I think I fainted in my stepmother's arms; aud when my consciousness came back, I was in the sitting-room,—the pretty rustic room, Edward, in which you and I had been so happy together. " I must not stop to tell you everything. It would take so long to speak of all that happened in that miserable' time. I knew that something must be wrong, from my cousin Paul's manner ; but neither ho nor my step-mother would tell me what it was. I asked them if you were dead; but they said, ' No, you were not dead.' Still I could see that something dreadful had happened. But by-and-by, by accident, I saw your name in a newspaper that was lying on the table with Paul'B hat and gloves. I saw the description of an accident on the railway, by which I knew you had travelled. I read your name amongst those of the people who had been dangerously hurt. Paul shook his head when I asked him if there was any hope. " They brought me back here. I scarcely know how I came, how I endured all that misery. I implored them to lot me go to you, again and agaiu, on my knoes at their feet. But neither of them would listen to me. It was impossible, Paul said. He always seemed very, very kind to me; always spoke softly; always told me that he pitied me, and was sorry for me. But though my step-mother looked sternly at me, and spoke, as she used to Bpeak, in a harsh cold voice, I sometimes think she might have given way at last, and let me come to you, but for him—but for my cousiu Paul, He could look at mo with a simile upon his face when I was almost mad with my misery; aud he never wavered; ho never hesitated. " St> they took me back to the Towers. I let them lake ; for I scarcely felt my sorrow 1 any longer. I only felt tired; oh! so dreadfolly tired; and I wanted to lie down upon ' ' tho ground in some quiet place, where no one could come near me. I thought that I was dying. I believe I was very ill when we got back to Lincolnshire. My step-mother and Barbara Simmons watched by my beadside, day after day, and night after night. Sometimes I knew them; sometimes I had all sorts of fancies. And often—ah, how often, darling !—I thought that you were with me. My cousin Paul came every day and stood by my bedside. I can't toll you how hateful it was to mo to have him them. He used to como into the room as silently as if he had boon walking upon air; but however noiselessly he came, however fast asleep I was when he entered tho room, I always know that he was there, stauding by my badside, smiling at mo. I always woko with a shuddering horror thrilling through my veins, as if a rat had run across my face. " By-aud-by, when tho delirium was quite gone, I felt ashamed of myself for this. It seemed so wicked to feel this unreasonable antipathy to my dear father's cousin; but he had brought mo bad news of you, lid ward, and it was scarcely strange that I should hate him. One day ho sat down by my bodside, when I was getting hotter, and was strong enough to talk. Thero was not one besides ourselves in tho room, except my step-mother, and she was stauding at the window, with her head turned away from us, looking out. My cousiu Paul sat down by the bedside, and began to talk to me in that gentle, compassionate way that used to torfcum urn and irritate mo in spite of myself. " He asked mo what had happened to mc after my running away from the Towers. I told him everything, Edward—about your coming to me in Oakley- street; about our marriage. But oh, my darling, my husband, he wouldn't believe me. Though I swore to him again and again—by my dead father in heaven, as I hoped for the mercy of my God—that I had spoken tho truth, and the truth only, he wouldn't believe me; he wouldn't believe. He 6hook his head, aud said he scarcely wondered I should try to deceive him ; that it was a very sad story, a very miserable and shameful story, and my attempted falsehood was little more than natural. And then he spoke against you, Edward, against you- lie talked of my childish ignorance, my confiding love, and your villany. Oh, Edward, he said such shameful things; such shameful, horrible things! You had plotted to become master of my fortune ; to got me into your power, because of my money; and you had not married me. You had net [ married me ; he persisted in saving that. " I was delirious again after this ; almost mad I think. All through the delirium I kept telling my cousiu Paul of our marriage. Though he was very seldom in IIKI room, I constantly thought that ho was there, and told him the same thing—the same thing—till my brain was on fire. I don't know how long it lasted. I know that, once in tho middle of the night, I saw my step-mother lying upon the ground, sobbing aloud and crying out about her wickedness ; crying out that God would never forgive her siu. " I got better at last, and then I weut down 6tairs; and I used ta sit down sometimes in poor papa's study. The bliud wasahvaysdown, and none of the servants, except Barbara Simmons, ever came into the room. My cousin Paul did not live at the Towers ; but he came there every day, and often stayed there all day. He seemed the master of the house. My stepmother obeyed him in everything and con- sulted him about everything. " Sometimes Mrs. Weston came. Sho was like her brother. She always smiled at me with a grave compassionate smile, just like his; she always seemed to pity me. But she wouldn't believe in my marriage. She spoke cruelly about you, Edward; cruelly, but in Soft words, that seemed spoken only out of compassion for me. is T o one would believe in my marriage. " No stranger was allowed to see me. I was never suffered to go out. They treated mo as if I was some shameful creature, who must be hidden away from the sight of the world. " One day I entreated iny cousin Paul to go to Loudon and see Mrs. Pimpernel, She would bo able to tell him of our marriage. I had forgotten the name of the clergyman who married us and the church at which wo were married. I could not toll Paul those; but I gave him Mrs. Pimpernel's address. 1 wrote to her, begging her to tell my cousin all about my marriage; and I gave him the note unsealed. " lie went to London about a week afterwards ; aud when he came back, lie returned mc my note. He hail been to Oakley- street, he said; but Mrs. Pimpernel had loft tho neighbourhood, and no one knew where RIIO was gone." A lie ! a villanous lie 1" muttered Edward Arundel. " Oh, the scoundrel! tho infernal scoundrel 1" " No words would tell the misery of that time. When I asked them about you they would tell me nothing. Sometimes I thought that you had forgotton me; that you had only married me out of pity for my loneliness; and •hat you were glad to be freed from me. Oh, •orgive mo, Edward for that wicked thought! but I was so miserable, so desolate. At other iimes I fancicd'tliat you were very ill, helpless, md unable to come to me. I dared n<5t think that you were dead. I put away that thought from vie with all my might ; but it haunted mo day and night, It was with me always like a ghost. I tried to shut it away from my sight, but I know it was there. "The days wore all alike,—long, dreary, and desolate; so I scarcely know how tho time went. My step-mother brought me religious books and told mc to read them ; but they were hard, difficult books, and I could not find one word of comfort in them. They must lmvo been written to frighten very obstinate and wicked people, I think. The only book that ever gave me any comfort, was that dear book I used to read to papa on a Sunday evening in Oalcley-stmot. I read that, Edward, in those miserable days; I road the story of tho widow's only son who was raised up from tho dead because his mother was so wretched without huii. I read that sweet tender story again and again, until I used to see tho funeral tram, the pale, etill face upon the bier, the white uplifted hand, and that sublime and lovely countenance whose image alwaydfcomes to us vvhou we arc most miserable, the tremulous light upon tho golden hair, aud in the distance the white columns of the temple, the palm- trees standing out against the purple Eastern sky. I thought that Ho who raised up a miserable woman's son, chiefly because ho was her only son, aud she was desolate without him, would have more pity upon me than the God in Olivia's books ; and I prayed to Him, Edward, night and day, imploring Him to bring you back to me. " I don't know what day it was, except that it was autumn, aud the dead leaves were blowing about in the quadrangle, when my step-mother sent for me one afternoon to my room, where I was sitting, uot reading, not even thinking—only sitting with my head upon my hands, staring stupidly out at the drifting leaves and the grey, cold sky. My step-mother was in papa's study, and I was to go to her there. I went, and found her standing there, with a letter crumpled up in licr clenched hand, and a slip of newspaper tying on tho table before her. She was as white as death, aud she was trembling violently from head to loot. " ' See,' she said, pointing to tho paper ; your lover is dead. But for you he would have received tho letter that told him of his father's illness upon an earlier day; he would have gone to Devonshire by a different train. It was by your doing that he travelled when he did. If this is true, aud ho is dead, his blood be upon your head 1" " Ithink hor cruel words were almostexactly those. I did not hope for a minute that those horrible lines in the newspaper were false. 1 thought they must be true; and I was mad, Edward—I was mad; for despair came to me with the knowledge of your death. I went to my room, and put on my bonnet and shawl; aud then I went out of the house, down into that dreary wood, and along the narrow pathway by the riverside. I wanted to drown myself: but the sight of the black water filled mo with a shuddering horror. I was frightened, dear; and I went on by the river, scarcely knowing where I was going, until it was quite dark, aud I was tired, and sat down upon the damp ground by the brink of the river, all amongst the broad green flags and the wet rushes, I sat there for hours, and I saw the stars shining feebly in a dark sky. I think I was delirious, for sometimes I knew that I was there by the water-side, and then tho next minute I thonght that I was in my bedroom at the Towers ; sometimes I fancied that I was with you in the meadows near Winchester, and tho sun was shining, and you were sitting by my side, and I could see your float dancing up and down iu the suulit water. At last, alter I had been there a very, very long time, two people came with a lantern, a man and a woman; and I heard a startled voice say, ' Hero sho is ; here, lying on the ground!' And then another voice, a woman's voice, very low and frightened, said, 'Alive!' And then two people lifted mo up; and the man carried aiio in his arms, aud the woman took tho lantern. I couldn't speak to them ; but I know that they were my cousin Paul aud his sister, Mrs. Weston. I remember being carried some distance in Paul's arms ; and then I think I must have fainted away, for I can recollect nothing more until I woke up one day, and found myself lying iu a bed in the pavilion over the boathouse, with Mr. Weston watching by my bedside, (To be continued.) LEAPING FROM A RAILWAY TRAIN.—A man named Bennett, belonging to Dundee, was on March 9th being conveyed to Forfar on a charge ol' poaching. On the way, when the train was at lull speed, running fully thirty miles an hour, ho unlocked the door ol' the carriage, and before the officer who had him in custody could secure him, spraug out and over an empaukment. The train was shortly afterwords stopped, and when the oflicer returned to the spot where Bennett escaped, lie found a pool of blood, and a short distance off his prisoner. The unfortunate man's skull is fractured, and little hope of his recovery ia entertained. 