I HOW I TOLD HIM MS" STOBY. I Mr. Orange rose from his seat, looking I inexpressibly pained, and walked slowly I in and down the room, while I sat back I to my chair by the window, with my heart beating violently, ana a sense 01 I suffocation upon me that was absolutely I pri-fal- But I was pained, too, for him: I meved that he shonld ever have asked I ne-more than grieved to have caused I jim sorrow. For in his suffering he I looted so calm and gentle — he, the tall, I italwart man, vrith his fasbgreying hair, I and countenance marked with the lines I printed by maturing age and thought I He had been so kind and friendly too, I erer since he had been at the parsonage, I aid in our daily work we had been I drawn so imperceptibly together, that I B had hoped ours was to be a firm and I Hing friendship : and now this meeting I f»mcri to have brought it to an abrnpt I conclnaon. Suddenly he stopped before I ma again, and stood looking down, while I I crouched there almost fascinated by I hiagaze. I "Hiss Denison — Laura," he said, in a I low soft voice, "yon must forgive me, I and if you cannot accede to my proposal, I let us be as we have been during the I past happy year." I I tried to speak, bnt he held up his B hand. "Hear me out, dear friend," he said, B 11 and let me speak agerin, for I still hope that I may have taken yon - by surprise. B I have brown you now for a year." B I fried to speak once more — to beg of Mm that he would let me leave the room —that he would bring our interview to B an end; but my heart went on still -with1 I its heavy beat, and the suffocating sen- I sation was still at my throat so that I I lay there with my eyes closed, listening I to his words, every one of which seemed I to wake an echo, and increase the heavy I throbbing of my heart I "I had a love-dream once," he said ; I and his voice became very rich and soft. "I was tutor in a noble house. There I was a daughter there whom I could have I loved, had I but dared. Honour, pod- I Hon all forbade it I was the young I tutor to whose care the education of ber. I brother had been trusted. She never I knew my fancy, and I saw her married I to a nobleman — happily, I hoped — while — I — I returned to my books." I He paused again, and I sat np watch- I ing' his half-averted face, as in those few I words—so few bnt so pregnant of I meaning— he laid bare to me his heart; I and as he sighed, the heavy throbbing in I my breast began to subside, and a strange I fahng of pity for him to grow. I "I thought it but fur to tell yon this," I he erid 6adly, "to show yon that I have I no youthful first love to lay before you ; I but I felt that here, in this village, if I your lot were joined to mine, the dorra- B hill of life would be made happy for me, as uod knows I would try to make it ever I green and pleasant for yon, while those aronnd us should be taught to bless us I help. we gave. It is no romantic I <®eri he said, more cheerfully. " It is I y natter-of-fect, I know, but it was upon these grounds, dear friend, that I I yu to to my wife." I looked down at me once again, I aodft oureyes met, eometfeing within I SI8?®64 10 ay> "Withdraw your I ?®> and lay those trembling hands I f1 h)r ho is a man thnt yon could I XJHaX "Jloo,c my 'iea4 "diys I , it could never be !" I r. . tK he sud, tenderly, I ? PyhdandreverentlykisBed. If' ' 'rill leave you now. Win, is I ZIT B P'opwal for oa both, to be I jtlT 'f 'rithout consideration. Let J 88 11 was for a month, and then I I rfayaiit. If, after this lapse I i,rB£' m still think as yon do now, I rTeTme' never pain the woman I 10 as my best and I Lend> by faintest allnsmnto I we "ill agree to bury in . the I 1 with a firmness I fi»7 BIU?iEed mysdf. « Stay, Mt I me Bpeak." I Jr 64 head in his old pleasant I 5® and took his seat once jnora I lAi, ondeceiveyonnow — at once," I — to n 'u t" won he cruel to you I renews Iet rest, oiriy to be month's end." I in. if j?we4 '"a head still lower, and I Sft , ve torob of gratitade as I I beffl ,er ooorideration with which I lie," his B26 from my nutated I T- a terrible silence in I anrm 'ken onfe by the distant I 1 sunlit as it broke I bZ, £?eflmiSle three hundred feet; I - .1 , was a «»&' »8fl I «ud? Iwes around the window,' I itB0 wdl— tffo pae I iuhsriTj 4 rose fo2?' foiling slowly, I Uke bop» of my past sad lifeas l hard Cor the calmneas tokt t3fi>idd enable me to speak. Ihere was no other man pving to whom I conld havemsde this oonfesrion, and not even to> hhn an hoar before ; bnt after the way jik whhh he had bared the secrets of his own' heart to my gane, a bond of sympathy seemed to have joined ns, and something within me for ced me to speak — agitatedly at first, bnt with a growing calmness, that ' was' even piteous to me, as I seemed to listen to my own word% and once mass grieved over my sorrows; as if they had' been'; those of another. "Ten years ago," I sud, " when I was in my nineteenth year, mamma in her widowhood and sorrow took this quiet cottage by the sea, to end her days in calmness and repose." "Yes," he said, "I know, and she died two years ago beloved by all." This in a tone of sympathy that seemed to give me strength. " When we first came we found that there were frequent mistakes made, for at the great house there was another family named Denison, and little con fusions arose about our letters." "Yes, I have heard of them," he said pleasantly. "I have studied np the past history of the village. They were very wealthy, and there was a beautiful daughter; an heiress." "Yes," I said, "yon are quite right; die was very beautiful and very rich. She used to call on me, and we were very friendly, for she was not spoiled by her position, and would have been my inseparable companion but for the duties I owed to mamma. "As it was, we need to sit for hours in the nooks of the clifij reading, or she would spend her evenings at the cottage, till Mr. Denison fetched her himself, and playfully bantered me, telling me how jealous he was of her affection for the cottage and its occnpants. . "ThoBe were very bright and very happy days, and the Isle seemed to ns both a very Eden, though it is as beau teous now as it was then. Bnt oar 'dream was to be broken, for in conse quence of Mr. Demson's failing health, their medical men ordered a change to a more bracing atmosphere, and the family left to spend a few months in Sootiasd. , "On the morning when I parted from Jnlia, I was so low-spirited that it was hard wprk to keep back my tears; bnt I fought with my folly, and getting the better of my trouble, I took some work and a book to go along the cliff- path, and sit in one of our favourite nooks far above the sea. "It was a dangerous place, inasmuch as the way was along a narrow sheep- track, and the elope down to the beach was very steep ; but we were so accus tomed to the giddy cliffs that the idea of danger never crossed our minds any more Huh it did those of the village children, who would ran along the edges or scramble down the rock-face, where there seemed hardly foot-held for a goat. "I suppose I most have been there about two honrs, not reading, or work ing, bnt thinking of how long fhe time would be before Jnlia Denison returned, and there I sat watching the pasting vessels far ont on the bine water where it seemed to melt into the sky. " My muting came to a sudden end, for I felt that it was neglectful of me to stay away so long, and I began to hurry back. "To reach the road above, after climbing a zig-zag path I had to pass round a hold bluff of chalky rock which projected from the cliff, and effectually > concealed the path on the other ride. " I was so used to the way that I almost ran round, when to my horror and astonishment I came roughly in contact with a gentleman walking in the opposite direction. "" I hardly know how it occurred, --but partly from the -collision, partly in con sequence of my hasty step bark; my foot slipped over the edge of the path, the crumbling stones gave way, and I fell " It would have been no very terrible fall, only a severe ecratching and a sprain, for the cliff there was only a steep slope ; but I was saved by the gentleman catching my wrist and at the expense of a severe wrench, dragging me back to the path ; and before I could recover from the surprise mid the rick feint feeling that came over me he was carry ing me along the path to a grassy slope, where he tezderiy laid me down, and poured between my lips a few drops of spirit from a flask. "'lie stall,' be said, in a low sympa thetic voice. « Thank Heaven, my poor child, you are safe !' "There was such a tone of command in his voice, and he seemed to imply that I had been saved from such a ter rible. danger, that in my weak state I .accepted it ell, and withu girl's romantic folly began to feel gratitude tofmy pre- servri, as I lay there blushinysbjncmg at jtfie handsome fries spfull of Solicitude that was hrmging overme. : - "There was something'-innB wordB that r went to my /heart jrvecy fjtime he spoke, and at Ks wiai llid not attempt to, move for some iim;tiU iie yielded to my wliritatapn irijl, £££«>!; Shat JCwae suffidentiy recovered jfcojwrik hhnro- " ' Yon are more hurt than yon think, you brave liitie woinan," Tfe""Said,ten- dMy.;:iT3BSe£ 'walk, I sritjtSETS" fount cry. of prin tiseape& j&fctriea;/ fortnyarikfewas riiffltiy .sptawri, arid- I was glad ioleari upomhimagftscisptr hulpMOffr&jni; ''( tjyy " ' ; «'Am 3- right _:in tbinlrtrigi J am epeakihg to Mus . D enison y ihS ' d on the way," ' ; "'Yee,',I said, surprised rt tifejoiow- ledge iota the part of ,a >straiQger;i fbrit how did ybaJmow.T - ' - ' ' ' ""Enow P he sridlangiangj/'did yon snppbse that in, this Uttfo.Trieof Wight a beautiful' Bower could f blossom Without Its fame Teaching through its length and'breiith f ''.'V— Istartod, Iwdly Mowqj whether to fori pleased or annoyed, iand joj 'plies wrie.in monosylfeblesitill'we readied the cottage, rgtHy to tttmaa'fi ontjurise and' alarm. vas;:iWiihfoie mostgentiemanly consideration, myjRim- patnon took hisloive,-andTiwis help to the eofi, whrre my little qtrripseio seen to, arid the pain sqon fodtfen. . ."ReroUrot I wis bnt riineteenj and audi -atttotibnB were 'qirito new to me. X think; therL;I nuiy ;he exbased;9nr Tiriemngae" pert" pnlses to a vcnce" that X hdirff 'thrbiih.' the open window, inqoijiog «ft py W health; then feeling sometinng very akin to pain as I heard the tiring footsteps; while when mamma; took from the servant a card'and read sloud, ' Captain HantieiJEfajpaik Jfeiracks,1 a rivid blush ovenprtodmycherix, only to deepenas I canit hsicceanhing gaze and beard her sigh. " I. know now how foolish I was to let my weak young heart go forth to the first fowler that laid for it his snares, bnt I was innocent and unskilled then. I was hat a girl in' ways and thoughts, and the brave, handsome young officer, who had been in India,' and bore a scar upon his forehead, made the poor weak heart beat whenever he approached. For what was I— was my argument — that this man, who could pick and choose in society, shonld be, ever coming over to our cottage to seek me oat? "Then I was, as X said, bnt yonng and vain, and in a few short weeks Julia was almost forgotten in this new, strange, wondrous feeling of love." Mr. Orange's head went down ' upon his hand, bnt I hardly noticed it as I proceeded, wound np now by a strange desire to toll him all, even though my heart was torn by the old recollections that' were so vivid as I recalled them from the past "Captain Hansleigh was' constantly calling. His maimer won mamma to his side; and at last he told her that he was hut a poor officer who loved his pro fession and hoped to rise, as he begged her leave to tell me how he loved me. -"How he loved me! He had already told me a score of times, and I, weak child, believed mid loved again with all my fond yonDg heart, sitting dsy after day book in hand, pretending to read, but understanding never a word, as I listened by the open window for the easy, careless step on the gravti beneath the vine-clad verandah, till he came by in his easy ' nonchalant way, perhaps pre tending not to see me as he passed on towards the door. " I used to think afterwards that what befel me was a punishment for my selfish happiness. For 1 was happy then, lis tening to the music of his words, while we wandered along the cliff The sea with its rich deep undertones seemed to sing of endless love and joy ; there was music in the very air, sweet music that filled my heart with delight, and I was' blind to all else bnt the one belief that I breathed in thankfulness with my prayers from my knees at night, again as my eyre unclosed to the bright morn ing, and felt ever beating in every, throb of my pnlses — ' He loves me ! he loves me ! he loves me T "Three months fled like magic, and still my dream was unbroken. He had left me with my kisses wet upon his lips, as he won from me my confession that I would be his, and his alone — that I loved him with all my heart — and then I. had in the sorrow of my parting gone j down npon my knees, to thank God for giving me the love of that great, strong, brave man. " Win regiment was called away to another part, bnt he said that he wonld be always near in thought, and had questioned me abont our family, and papa, who had died so suddenly ; though I did not think it was strange then, and the recollection of it all did not come to me till long afterwards. "His head- quarters were two hundred miles away ; hut letters would constantly be pasting to and fro, and as soon as the bitterness of parting was over, I began to look forward to our next meeting, and to write down my loving thoughts ; betides which, I felt how neglectful I had been of late towards mamma and my ordinary duties. I redoubled then my efforts, and .in these busy occupations the time glided on. " I wrote almost dally, covering page after page with my fond happiness, feel ing disappointed that the replies were few and short, bnt reading the words and in vesting them with rainbow hnes, as I treasured each expression of fondness, and excused him on the score of his military duties. ' And besides,' I said, 'men never write as a woman does ; it is not right they should. \ " It was long before diBtrnBt crept into the heart so frill of love. There was no room for other than loyal thoughts. Letters grew fewer and more brief, bat there were always excuses ready, and I wrote to him the more. Bnt at last constant sapping began to undermine, and though I fought long and hard, till my Cheek was snnken and pale with my sleepless nights, distrust and doubt carried the citadel one day, wnen i Had written many letters in a month, and only had one brief reply, telling me in answer to my agonised enquiries that he was quite well bnt bney. These two enemies to my peace carried the citadel at . last; for the question now in my mind was — ' Does he love me f ' "I conld not bearitat first, and an agonising week passed-by," daring which 1 wrote to him again, and then Bgain implnring Mm to.coine to me if he conld, or else to write to me at length, or my hbart would break. . Another week of miseiy, passed away, during which my heart seemed to Tank and wither, while the fonnt of my tears, long since drained, dried op. X went abont Ihe plsce like a ghost, or ; sat watching the lane through which the postman came. " At la8tapetter";lknewithat there wak nn. for ming nm at the window. mstead of looking another way as had been his cdfitomof lste, as soon as he came, in sight the postmangavemo sifriendly nod, and the next moment waved a letter in theirtir. " I darted ont to meet him, and vrath feverish haste, caugbtfhe fetter from him; and saw that it was in- 'the well-known hand Mamma fwaBin tipassage-asl nubed in. . . 7 y « Pnhh Arthur," mamma, from Arthur ' I'panted oybndy, - and I homed into theVhfe; mahmr, kissing the paper with delight, a8 I told myself that here was balm for my sore aching heart— and (hen a strange fit »of . "Wemb- lingcameover me. and I felt fold and as itaiw ' ."didnot dareforatimetoopen my letter; 'but at last with myeyes dim and aHfead feeling of sickness npon ' me, I made the effort and tore open the envelope. How my slosel 'strength catne back --with the effort J. 5ySI&;«na"l%«i81®ti wHr:4Smi It con- A aeaffiyoafeavWherahjEiqg.8fid?Dn 1m alone. ' ' w Tha wards were wy few» aaywg w measured terms that it wonld be better that the engagement should be at an end, for it had been commenced in error, and never could end in happiness for me. In short, he had daring his absence tried his heart and found that he did not love me as it wonld be his dnty, and there fore the present course wonld be the best for both. " I remember that I gave a cold hysterica laugh as X finished the heartless lines, and then X mocked at myself Bnt that hard feeling passed away, and I sank down by the window, softened — broken — and as.my head went down npon my hand, I asked for help to bear the bitter, bitter blow that had braised and beaten me to the earth. " I fell into a dreamy state, then, from which I was aroused by my poor mother, who came and knelt beside me. I was quite calm, and placed the letter in her hands with a sad smile, rising when she had read it, and kissing her before, sitting down and taking np my work. " I was not ill, bnt for the next month seemed dull and stunned, frying to bear all patiently ; the greatest pang being when I heard from Jnlia Denison that the error of Captain Hansleigh had been that he had mistaken me for the heiress, to whom he afterwards proposed, and was indignantly refriBed." "That is my story, Mr. Grange;" I said, rising and Standing flushed and trembling before the second suitor of my bitter life. "It was right that yon shonld know ; and now, good-bye !" The strength that had sustained me through my narrative was fleeting fast; and my heart had resumed its painful throbbings, as he stood before me and took my hand. " I knew there must have been some terrible grief" he said in a low voice full of emotion ; " bnt Laura, dearest, can yoo tell me fraly, for yonr own future happiness and for mine; that . tins gentle heart can never love again ? " A thousand thoughts flashed through my mind of endless loving-kindness, of gentleness to the suffering, of- watchful nights by tick-couches, of the many acts of this man for whom the deadliest diseases had no terror even when others fled. 1 knew him to be the soul of truth and honour, and he bad told me of his love. Conld I then say that this heart could never love again, when in spite of Badness, sorrow, and the past; it had leapt to him even as- it had leapt oooe before I straggled bard risking myself if this was not self-deceit, bat there was none, and I knew that if I. Baid no it wonld be a lie. He saw it all and knew, for a calm sweet smile of ineffable joy overspread his face, and and the next moment I was sobbing gently on his breast 