: THE HOMEBUSH RUSH: L .".'-'oi A. regular stampede set in for the Homebnsh rush. on 'Wednesday, and claims were marked-' out/in all directions ; altogether there are about- one, hundred marked'.-' out.' '"The- p'rosp'ectorY first washing, says the Bendigo Advertiser. werit about 3d wts to. tho load.' Saveral otlier claims are busy sinking, tfiq general opinion being' that it is going, to be a second White! HillB rusb,. .the; sinking being:, very, similar.— The Bendigo !lri-' dependent supplies the following particulars : "-Within the last few days a very general theme of conversation amongst- those, interrested in. mining has-been respecting' a 'new, rush - oalled the Homebush diggings, which is situated in' the' bush about a mile and a half from the M'lyor road in a Boritheriy direction, arid within easy access frorn Sandhurst. ' Tho rush can. be reached by. following the track .which branches off, .the southern side of theMTvor road; a'sHbrt distance from tho Travellers' Rest Hotel ' arid proceeding along it for a distance of- about two. miles, .when the diggings will be fourid- about two hundred yards to the . right of the traclc. The grqnnd, was tra versed some yeara ago by: a Government prospecting party, who thought nothing:- much of it, .but . this ,! opinion was jorily the iresult of ..insufficient, energy. Jin prospecting, as the present rush 'was started iri' coii'seq'ueri'cedf payable dirt being found indrie' of "the' very claiins sunk by the 'Gover'n'ment" party, the prospecting party who discovered' the payabje wasli beirig that of Messrs ' Patterson arid Co., ivbo. sank ti|l they bottomed qf. '40 feqly the wash being abqut'3 feet thick, giving rather over Sdwt'to the load with the: first trial: 'Abriut a dozen other claims dwe jieibg' sunk, but'this'u1 the only one, wflich has" bottomed, so that it. is difficult' yet to speak "definitely as to, the , worth of the diggings, though at present great . hopes are. entertained respectipg them. A great raspy claims have been marked: out, besides thoaqrin work; so thot tho place ,wiU. soon> we, ar,. a. 'busy aspect. ' There .are .already 50 or"6b>nien at work. The sinking, with, the exception of some rather hard cement, -is riot very difficulty. Those, /experienced speak'nighiy of: the prospects of ;the' rush, the ground being ! very/ simiiar"in" nearly all its characteristics! 'to "that 'of White Bills and Epsom, which; b'as pa'id bo well. This is the belief of 'Mr Fattersori, who baB been prqrairiently qprinected with many other rushes, arid'who'has.fpf'.a considerable .time 'past .deep prospectingjthe locality, . sip ,' hq , tbiijks tbgre is every probability.. of a, jjriod, lead oi, gold."1 It will,, be qtiqut.a'week befqfe. moat' of tlj'q, olaims bottom,' , .who'll, jtials made. The , prospectqrj will kayq, a tTial, .before that time, the resuit o.f '.JThich -WO c.wiU p.qbijah,- Tkere is plenty of .the same country, which ex- " tends, nearly jjs .'fgr , as" A?e .QrepK',,.-. ggme, -tjme ago a claim w'as sunk to the' riorth-west ojj'jhe ground, whiph.gave 17dwt fqr , threo .joadst.but the wash wrb .too thin to be. profitably, worked. An unfortunate drawback, exists in tho scai-Qity qf water/ which ik; n'qt to1 be hkd'peayrirthSii the !SKdepwashpr, Etriu ' Creek's, withJthe'exce'b- tion of a dam 'triadedea'r tiie diggings by Patter- aon's" party; i;i' ( -.- ' j - !.. -.-m'-i <mit — :ii j.ni- ,/ihof "'How To'DiinE ?A TnoTfEiti-Pebple .talk' aboiffc a steady, braeiug drill,0 'but in'' my' opiriio'o/i'ivi-itra ;H5nira' Woodruff, that is'nrit'tliqriht'way to+'drivo a" trottov.1 There's ' a," 'greah1 difference 1 befrwe6riulett tine no of vonr horse's head and iivh-efifilnAii ,'ir 'duUikleadoning/iiull all ,the time:-" .Tfle jiuU! sh,6uld Besiifficient fo feel' the' riiduth'.- and-1 give . soihe',jrap. pert'arid assistance,' so' as .to .'mve' thri-,hVrie'''rionti- 'derice to'get up'.his stride; ' AIore(tiiari:'&iis;"li8'riiw. "chicvous!" ; To keep th« iriouth'.nlive the'bit'mriet'lie shifted 'occasionally/- But-this'iS hottobd HSdiW, a'pull 'of the hand on«'th'e(rein.II'r A'ffierejM-toni'6f tHewristJ'or less than 'half-'a'iturii; Ry'ivhich'"the thumb' is elevated'and':the'little')lfihgir loiwefedl'-is shfficierit-to.'shif t' the bi£/keep'tH<? mbtith 'Behsitiire 'ahd'roiise-tlio'hbrte.; "The rbins'are tbbC'Stofidii hield 'with1 botlihands while' this'play'wilH'the' tvrikt is made, and it is, of course, only to be done with 'fids wflst-'at 'a time'.-' ' - The Fands shorild 'bgiwell down, -mid the driver ought not to sit all of aTHe, with his head forward; Neitlior/sliquld lie loan beck with bodily weight"- on- the reinsi; whiplff an that' ease, are; .made ,'a (sort "of stay! 'for- Kim. «Be should be upright, andAvhat-puliirigjhehas-to do should be done with the niusoular force of -'thearma. TliS"driver who dcpoiyda upoirtho"'aTms-has-com- mqnd of thelhorae., Ho whq .8ubstitotes bodily Wfiifrllt, wit.1i +.hn roi n a ' woniinnil iwAitt, ,1 .NiL ngtjialf coihqiarid of the horse 'or of fimisolf-oillftf, aijd if the li'orse/is a piiller hi' vjjriiT soofil take%)M- mqhd'of the flriypr. iTlio ieai'bnibf jtls-thit iRe/e is np interniissiqu of thfe' exertion; 'riq let' ; up, -either foy the manoy horso.1;1 Resides,'' iirilhotwiy irig it is hiqnablqto give these mta-ements -cEfVtllo bit which seem to. refresh "and. stimulateTlioniofse ao.muoli.' .'AVliqn ahors.e.!iasibeeq;taBgUJi.;thj siggi- ficauoo of Ihomovemeut/r-thq shift by tiirri of the wnsWhe .will never fail fq answer ifc i;e.vou.,tliqqgli lie should soeuv to he at tlio top qf , lijs sp'bed./" Tho momont.be.foels tliiq little qioveqient qf. the jbilT'iu ,tAo S9n8itiyo,.nioutii, he ivpl . qqUqet Jiiriisplf and make another ypui-fc, atiu, t,he yiUno bf tjiis of driying is that the horse is not likely to break ivlioii - called upon for a final. effort ,wij;li. a whip, is as likely, to. break tlie moincrit it' falls -lipoinbun aa iiofc Ol:fiave 'vu many a very closo heat by practising this rifqyi. ment,"aua, 'tUeroforo,' I have, no hesitation. in recom mending it. It is' hot ",ffifficult4o'acqufr6/l aiid Y b.Qrse.soon cqmos.to knqiy wbat it means. O" A London Ghost Story.— The Lopdon; papers toll a ghost story based on the death 'ofMr GeSrne I QmttU — .ihA.Aaaift.i'nlKf.iak Tt I. O . Y» . XI J .SAAkWI) VUW AABOJUWUglOK, -IV 19 lOI 10 W8 : - i -2tlT Smith died at Aleppo on the. 19th of August, St /or about the hour! nflSix, in the. afternoon, OnLihe same-day and between three quarters of an hour and an hour later, a friend and fellow worker of MyRbuth— ! r. Delitzch— was going to the houS6 of ' a third-norsoii. tha finfchn nf 4. _-ai labors of the departed sohdlar- WhicH appriiteg iin ",-l.,ademy- tho courso of his walk Dr pelitzcbpassod within a stone's throw of tho house in wlueh-Alr Smith livedYheri'in London, arid iud- denly hesrd.his own name uttered aloud in a inest pieroiog cry which trilled him to; the .mqrrow. I ho taot impressed him so strongly that lie looked Riy iiie watoh and noted the hour. Dr Delitzbh, who strongly disavows any superstitious "lea5Jcgs, -was ashamed: to mention tho circumstances ttti'M" .friehd.ou reaching that gentlemen's house, although on his -return home ho owns that his own family found relief in tears; and that he ivcoi ded.all:vthn , facts qn his note-book 'that same aightv i Dr..vDjl. htzoh told tho story on the 10th inst., at afrioriira toblei with all the oirouustanuea mentioned above: juoluding tho -shrill cry; ! He diktihotlvl fdhriied havingvOcon thinking of < Mr Goorge .'SmvthCatl the vinw. . ' - 