OLGA OF VASSEILVITCH. Mine is a , strange, wild story— improb- able I grant, yet.is not truth often-, more , improbable than. flotiou? is not fact con tinually proved; to be wilder than the wildest fanoy dares portray ? I, Karl Yon Hempt'eldt, was ever a mor bid, dreamy.t speculative youth, separating myself from my fellows to, pursue in soli tude, my researches ,- into the. mysteries whioh' we call life and death — not even scrupling to practice forbidden arts, if thereby I might attain unto some, revela tion of' the. dim inexplicable ' beyond' which held, for, me so strong, a fascination. It was in the .beginning- of. my twenty third year that, reaching the south-western corner of Russia*. I tarried for awhile with out apparent reason — drawn 'thither (so I said afterwards) by! inscrutable fate, or rather fortune, to wait the event of ray life. ? Perohedon the rooky coast of the Baltic, was then the small seaport of Vasseilvitch, a quaint mediooval town, whose kremlin boldly faced the sea and seemed a. part of the rugged, stern coast - it protected. Crowding close within the .walls.'uf tho fortress, lay the little town.' AH unohanged stood houses which long vanished genera tions' had inhabited, and if. their spirits yet lingered in the dusky corners their presence did not disturb the living denizens. Superstitious, pious, cpntented,. .the gentle Russian accepts life placidly, be it. never eo liard, . believing implicitly, that through the help, of his friendly, saints and the aid, of his priest he shall in due time enjoy his paradise above. ; \ It was a ibright day in. midsummer (for even in ..that la,nd of snow they have their summers) when I arrived at the little town, but' I recognised at once the presouce of | an ali-prevading gloom, The sun shono unheeded, the people : walked; .silently I through the .' streets, and if by : ohance 1 friends met they spoke in. low and saddened \ tones. Tho very children played, quietly, and cold-hearted iudeed would have beon tbe maiden whose eyes remained undimmed with tears as bIio passed the house over which tho shadow of death lurked in solomn silence. I Boon gathered from the talk around me that this same town, now so sad and bushed, had been but yesterday crowded wiih gay young folks happy in the antici pation of a grand military ball. Then the air had beon filled with mbrry voices, as the young men and maidens hurried through the narrow, crooked streets, im patient for tho pleasures of the evening, for dancing, to the true Russian, is a satis fying aud never-ending delight. Scarce had tho long shadows faded into twilight gloom ere the sound of musiofrom the ball-rooui announced that the festivity had begun, and there frpin far and near hastened the guests, tho droschkies driving with mad spned, yet even too slowly for' their impatient occupants. All through tho hours of that summer night, tbe sound of the music never ceased, nor did the feet of the dancers grow weary. When at last the ball was over, and tho revellers turned reluctantly homeward, every tongue was loud in praise of the beautifuiOlga— she had been ohosen queen of the ball and crowned with a wreath of white roses, as was the custom of the town. Wherever sho moved a throng of brilliant officers clustered, until, loth to part, the more enthusiastic of the young men escorted her hotne-and left her smiling and happy in her triumph. In tbe morning the belle of last night's ball had been found in her room, her head crowned with its wreath of flowers, her muslin dre*s falling in soft folds around her, her little hands clasped together ; there; just as she had come from the ball she sat, lovely, smiling, and dead. The mother would not believe the cruel truth, the prayers of priests were sought, the value ot' sacred relics vainly tried, the favour of the Blessed Virgin invoked with tears and presents; then, all else failing, physicians were brought that they might try. by their vaunted skill, to restore life to the beautiful dead form. All this and more was recounted tome soon after my arrival, and so powerfully was my imagination excited by the tragedy that I found it impossible to think of any thing else. Suddenly I was seized with a mad impulse — what if I could carry off the body of the dead girl and experiment upon it — and the thought once entertained, speedily became a devouring desire, which silenced reason had led me altogether cap tive. I shut my eyes determinedly to the d mgers and difficulties in my way, indeed, they but added zest to my mad project, and set myself to plan the ways and means of this robbery of the dead with all the en thusiasm of my nature. Restlessly I paced the narrow streets, but found myself ever returning to the house I would faiu have entered, the house where 01«a slept her dreamy sleep. It was an old, austere-looking building. From each of its five stories iron cross bars spread themselves out into clusters sup porting the house, and thus atouceserving for use as well as ornament. It was overtopped by an old-fashioned, denticulated gable, a bas relief of a syren was set in t he wall, and though defaced by time I could fancy that the stony eyes were fixed sternly and disapprovingly on me, aud this glance impressed me with a vague fear, seen in the declining daylight. Still f lingered as in a dream, gazing at these walls that told no secrets, half tempted to try and force open the massive door; but on either side was a recessed pedi ment where chubby cheeked but fierce Caryatides kept watch and forbade my entrauce. Overhead the orows and ravens flew swiftly, flapping their wings and screaming discordantly as they sought their nests for the night,, and to my distorted fancy these uncouth birds seemed to be chanting a re quiem for the dead. The day was now over, and as I turned to walk away in tbe deepening shadows the lamps before the holy pictures and shrines were beginning to glimmer more brightly, and the sacred figures, half resembling heathen idols, looked out at me as it' they possessed a dread phantom life. Before the curtain had been drawn for the night, I had obtained a glimpse of the room. This, with my knowledge of Rus sian customs, enabled me to picture to myself the scene indoors! Tho torches I knew were already lighted around the bier, revealing the beautiful Olga arrayed in a pink shroud, with her handj crossed meekly on her breast and a garland of fresh flowers on her head. The priest chants the psalms for the dead, and scatters perfumes over the body, while watching maidens cross themselves and pray for the repose of the departed soul. ' The light of these burial torches barely reaches to the distant corners of the lofty j room, and but faintly illumes the old dingy tapestry and the portraits,- ancestral and historic, that adorn the walls. Men of fierce aspect with perukes aud steel cuirasses starred with golden, nails and traversed with tho broad ribbon of some knightly order — high ladies iu costumes of different reigns display their faded charms and graces long gone by. - One lovely young countess had retained lips of brilliant carmine and blue eyes ot unaltered azure, and she looked out from the depths of her tarnished frame upon the form of tho kinswoman, and seemed to smile her a welcome to the world of the dead. I could fanoy all this painted com pany, watching with earnest, fixed gaze the mourners, the priests, the lights and the corpse, weariug a sad smile, as if they would say, 'You too shall be forgotten.' Three days of mourning pass — as the torches burn low fresh ones are brought — ever sounds the voice of the priest chant ing psalms and prayers for the rest of the soul, while the murmur of the mourners keeps low and sorrowful accord. Determined to carry out my plan, I waited with what patienco I could com mand, until on the burial day I mingled with tho throng of mourners and entered the house, and then for the first time I gazed upon the dead girl. Long and earnestly I BCrutinised the lovely face, so exquisitely beautiful oven in death that a feeling of pity came over me, and the impulse which had possessed me thus far seemed monstrous. I struggled with my conflicting emotions ; awe; tenderness, cariosity, filled my breast by turns, until my agitation became almost uncontrollable, and I felt that I was drawing attention to myself whioh was by all means to bo avoided. Yet I could not leave the spot; tho more I hated my former projeot, the more I seemed drawn to tbo side of this angelic creature whoso loveliness, already doomed, held me with a spell which no living woman had yet exercised upon me. Exactly what I pro posed I know not, but I followed the funeral proi essi in as it wound its way through the streets towards tho old oathedral. The cathodral was ehroudod in a myste rious darkness. The pictured saints stood dim ngainst their gold backgrounds, and the holy tapers flickered with a fitful, yellow light upon the altar. The priest, a venerable, long-haired, long' bearded old man, mitred like a magician, clad in a dalmatic, stiff with gold embroid ery, and supported by two acolytes, came out of the sanctuary and recited tho sacred formulas in a voice senile but perfeotly distinct. After he had chanted a pBalm the ceremony was ended, and the procession moved toward the sepulchro in the outer garden. During these moments I had formed my plans, and while overyone was kneeling fol* tho concluding prayers I stole from the church, and crept Silently down the littl^ yard. Long cloisters stretched on either side, their arches embrowned by the smok^ and rust of centuries — uninhabited noiy by monk or nun,, a home only for the mourning wind or the solitary bird. Unmindful of the desolation, as of the by-gone grandeur, overmastered by tempta! tion, I entered the open sepulchre, and standing close in one corner was lost in the gloom. Here I remained until tbe long; slow tolling of tho bell rouBed me to a full consciousness of ray position. As the dei'p vibrations smote the dread silence around mo, I knew that the ceremony waB overi the mourners departed, and I alone with the dead! \ The spell of the tomb was upon mo. I moved softly, as if these dull ears could hear, or these closed eyes could see mei With trembling, uncertain fingers I raised the coffin lid, longing to gaze once more upon the face that had so enchained my fancy. So beautiful she was that my heart smote me afresh, and I could almost fancy that from every side tho voices of her dead kinsmen were threatening me, the profane disturber of this last sleep, with sudden vengeance. Surely it was littlo wonder if my sojourn in that abode of death and decay, coupled with the reproaches of my conscience, should have tended to unsettle my reason, or to light rash impulse into madness. As the stillness,, of midnight crept over the town the far-away murmur of the Bea made itself audible to my excited senses. The moaning lullaby quickened my pulses — a desperate courage nerved me to my task. With tho superhuman strength of a mad man, as I was, 1 shook violently the iron gates. Busty and worn by time the bolts yielded, and slowly the door of the tomb opened. I looked out into the dim, deserted gar den — no signs of life or movement were descernible. Back into the dark, cold, musty vault I went, to return with the maiden in my arms. Carefully* I wrapped my cloak about the tender form, softly I pillowed the fair cheek on my shoulder, then with many a backward, startled glance, half-expectant of ghostly followers, I fl-d toward the wide, sounding sea. The cool, night air fanned my brow, the stars hid themselves from me, as with this strange, cold burden strained close to my heart I fled on, and still on. At last the cliffs were in sight. Exhausted, ? I sank down, still grasping my treasure, yet powerless for some moments to proceed further. The waves dashed against tho rocks, and the white foam leaped up in huge fantastic forms like legions of ghosts ; the late moon crept Blowly up the heavens, leaving a lurid trail on tho water and lighting the mad waves with a great glory, last of all, shining on the white face of the beautiful dead Olga. All glorious, terrible and unreal was the scene ; I felt myself on the boundaries of the spirit world ; the foaming waves seemed like friendly shapes beckoning me with' outstretched arms, and in a new transport I bent and kissed the upturned, moonlit face, then sprang fearlessly into the sea. There my recollections fail me — I havo a confused impression of struggle and grow ing weakness — of . anguish of body and mind as the fierce waters closed around me, surged over me, engulfed me — then came a shout, another, lights, strong grasp ings, and all else is blank. When at last I groped my way back to conscious life, it was hard to separate the real from the shadowy, the nctual from my dreams, and I was faiu to ask help of the sailors who surrounded me. The story, stripped of it3 details, was brief enough. Almost in the moment of my' mad leap into the sea, a ship was sail ing in the moon's path of light, and to her, crew I owed my rescue from the death I had dared. Close clasped I had held my companion, so closely that it had been difficult to loosen my grasp. At first the ship's1 surgeon had pronounced us both dead, but: after hours ? of patient ministering the breath of life had been wan back to both/ j Hero I ? started, roused into sudden , strength and recollection by that last; word. ' Both !' I gasped, ' both !' and then dared say no more. The man repeated it. 'Yes, both you and the lady, sir, and Blie is as beautiful as an angel, though she don't seem to be altogether right in her head'yet. But maybe when she sees you again, she'll do better.!' Faint, speechless, I listened. Was Olga not dead? Were the events of that terrible night a delusion ? But then — how was it that she was found in my arms. The sailor waited' as if giving me time. At last I whispered, trembling, '* Take me to her!' and he. guided my faltering. Bteps, for I was yet very weak, to a corner on the deck, where, supported with shawls aud cushions, I saw the dead and buried Olga, alive ! Yet, was this indeed life, this shadowed, silent, mute existence, wherein the great, sad eyes gazed forever into the distance, as if Beeing unutterable things, and where no faintest smile tever crossed the pale, pure lips 1 ' . I sank down beBide her. I took . her obill, lifeless hand in mine. I poured out all my soul in loving words, but to no purpose. . She did not look at me. She did not liBten. She only gazed on, and made no answer, gave no sign. - Thonceforth every caro and thought was given to Olga. Her restoration beoame my one hope, and I struggled hourly, yet all in vain, to break the strange, dumb spell which bo chained Ler bouI. I. had soon learned that we were indebted to a pirate for our rescue, and as time went by, one day the captain threw open BOme trunks full of rich wearing apparel, arid hade me take what I chose for Olga's needs, 'tailing her my Bister, as indeed they had named her from the .first. With many thanks, I dragged out costly armfuls of robes and laid them down before my love, but sho, turning away listlessly from gleam ing silks.and shimmering laces, choso only a nun's dress of grey serge, and would wear no other. But she was surpassingly beautiful in this garb. Her golden hair flowed in softest ripples over her shoulders, her lovely eyes were inexpressibly beseeching, when at rare intervals Bho could be won to look away at the distant horizon, and it was scarcely strange that the superstitions sailors looked upon her as an angel visitant. Meanwhile our Bhip was sailing south- I ward, bound to an obscure port for repairs and supplies, so I, unwilling to land amid strangers, fearing the effect of new scenes on my poor Olga, determined to remain on board until the captain could take us ' back to Vasseilvitch. Thus it happened that the months fie w by, and still he sailed onwards. What need to say more of the voyage. Suffice it that we neared our haven, and early one morning were cautiously sent ashore, the captain promising not to sail until he knew the result. .'At last we - neared the hohse'I remem bered so well. ' The stony- eyed syren had no look of welcome for ub; the fierce Caryatides still kept watch at' the door, as Olga mounted the steps and with trembling hand raised the heavy kriOcker, while; X stood near breathlessly waiting the' result. The summons brought a strange servant. He gazed at her in Btupefied silence, but unmindful of him she attempted to pass into the house. ' By this time the man was thoroughly alarmed by this weird apparition, and called for help. Forth came the master, but, alas ! he too was a stranger, and sharing at once in his servant's terror, he made a motion as if to thrust Olga from the door. .- . Alarmed for her safety, I was about to draw her away,, when she turned and fied Bwiftly down the Btreet. ? , - ' Following closely on her footsteps, I soon found myself within the shadows of the old cathedial. Startled and puzzled, I watched her movements aB through the deserted convent garden she sought the family tomb. What strange intuition was leading her, I knew not. Could it have been that in that home of death she had been partly conscious ? Was she even now blindly searching for that other half-remembered - self? Still I watched, and noted that as her eyes fell on her own name a shudder passed over her, but just below was the freshly graven nameof her mother. Atsightof this she wept. Then for the first she looked toward me. - In a moment I was by her side. I took her hands and held them in a strong, but -tender grasp, while I told her the strange story of her death and- return to life, and of how I had loved her through all and waited and longed for this moment. Her hood had fallen from her head, releasing the waving masses of her golden hair, and- as Bhe listened to my passionate . words, a flush mantled her cheeks, -render- ing her so lovely that I' could no longer - resist the temptation to clasp her in my arms ' and kiss her. She yielded to my entreaties to leave the home that knew her no more and go with . me, and so, hand' in hand, we once more wended our way toward the sea. 