OUR SYDNEY LETTER. . FROM OUR OWX COHRK3FOXDEXT- j ! 15th August, Sir Heliry Pnrkes has tasted tho fruits of tho 'oonduot of Sir John Robertson, in his relations with the representative of the Crown, at a period of a Ministerial crisis. Instead of ' fearlessly and uncompromisingly demanding a dissolution in March last, Sir \- John Robertson inoekly allowed himself to bo bargained with by Sir Hercules Robinson as to tho ' conditions ' upon which' a dissolution would bo granted.- A' "mi- lav attempt was ' mado with Sir Henry Phrke3 in the present crisis, , hut he, as chiof adviser to the Governor, refused to submit- to i any conditional dealing; ' Ho wanted a dissolution, and nothing but a dis. solution— no. surroundings, of "ifs" and- "ands." At the first meeting of Parlia- ment, after Mr. Garrett s motion against ,tho Government had been carried. Sir. Henry Parkesstatod that the Government would pass ' the Appropriation Aot and dissolve. Next- day, .Wednesday, tho Troasuren opened tho Government business by moving that tho- Houso should, on the following day, "resolvo itself into oo'mmittco to consider resolutions , .'on the suhjoet of the Paoifio mail'seryioc,' ; whereupon Sir John Robertson rose'' and' Bald tho Government would havo- to .take ; one of two courses— resign, or oomo ,to. , tho ; House' . with a' massage .from tho . Govornor; 'stating tlmt thoy had ; obtained sanction for a dissolution ' of Parliament be fore proceeding with any other business, - and ho moved the adjournment of; tho Houso. >. If tho Governor had given, an unconditional assent to dissolve, there is not the most re-' moto' doubt that Sir Henry Pa'rkes., would hnve got supplies. Mr. Torry, au iudopen- dont lnumber, briefly stated the course that . he and his fellow- members -intoridod to take. Ho said that if tho .Government had asked, for supply ho should not havo voted against it; and in voting for tho motiou of tlio lsador :of :the Opposition ho did' not vote against the Appropriation Act, hut simply to affirm tho position that a defeated Govern ment could not constitutionally proceed with public business, ' The Ministry . must oithor resign or ohtnin an unconditional' dissolution, ' in which' latter, event Wo' would vote for the Appropriation ' Act. When tho Houso - mot on' Thursday, Sir Hwnvu Pnvlfno flvnlniriurl wVir»£ Unrl between himself and his Excellency tho Go vernor sinco the ; previous night,' when the motion to adjourn was carried '-against the Government by a, majority of 'six, the voto being thirty to twonty-.four, "I waited upon bis Excellency the Governor, and ten, dored'to him the advice' to dissolvo thi3 Parliament. His Excellenoy asked mo in that event how I intended to provide for the publie oervioe. I replied, that 'with the authority of tho Crown to dissolvo Parlia ment, I apprehended there could bo no. ob jection to tho necessary supplies oil account of the period during which it would be neces sary to appeal to the people, more cspeoinlly as leading members of the Opposition had repeatedly statod in Parliament that they were prepared to, assist in obtaining, sup ply. His, Excellency thon obscrvod that, in tho'ovent of the extreme stop— the cxtrcmo contingency of supply not being provided, which ho said he oould not for a moment an- ticipatd — what did I propose to do., I re plied to this remark of his Excellency that, certainly, in that case, I should see liis Ex cellency again. He then said that lie tliought'be could not grant to us— give to ns — his ncoeptanco.of- the advice thnt had bean tendorOd in any other manner than he gave it to our predecessors — that was that it must . be reserved both to ino and to him, or to either of us to reconsider the matter' in the event of this, extreme contingency boing taken. In .reply to tbat, I nt ohee informed his Exoellenoy that I was authorised on be- ' half of my colleagues, and for myself, to say ' that, after duly considering tho whole-situa tion, and with tho greatest possihlo respect for his .Excellency, and tho greatest desire to maintain the integrity of tho tarnations per taining to liis oflioe, that we, too, had rights to proservo and duties toporform as botween us as the ndvisere of. the Crown and tlio re presentatives of the peoplo, and thai; \ve oousid.ercd the moBt. important of thoso lights .and .duties were - involved in ;thn relations in whioh we- stood at tlint moment ; and, viewing the ease in that light,' that we could be no possible parties, under any cireumstanoes, to the acceptance of onr advice with any condition whatever. There- tipon his Exoellenoy said' that lie did not intend to impose any condition whatever upon - me, and that ho did not consider it a condi tion; but/that he merely wished to give a qualified aaceptauco to our advice, leaving me to "reconsider it or himself ; and at the same time, informing mo that he in no way bound himself as to the course he would take ' on such .reconsideration. I still told his Exoellenoy , that neither' my colleaguos nor myself could make a distinetiou between this qualified acceptance of.our advice, and a condition- imposed upo'n us, and that unless our advieo was accepted without any condi tion,, it was my duty to tender .to' him the resignation of myself and colleagues. , Hav-' Inn tnndn f.hfif. f>vnlmm.tinn. if; nnw nnlv /In: volves upon me to inform the House that our . resignation is conditionally aoeepted,- and that we only hold office untii the ap pointment of onr successors." In his inter view with the Governor, Sir lienry Parkes allowed that he had not abundonod ilia sense' (if duty and independence of spirit, and'liis conduct cannot fail to ho thought wellof by men unburdohed by partisan feeling. If Sir Jamee Martin bad been in his position, or in the position of Sir John Robertson on a late occa sion, tkoro would probably have been, some, very caustic minute-writing between him and Sir Hercules Robinson ; for it .is gene.; rally conceded that his Excellency is playing Ihe'Diotator just a little hit too strongly for. responsible government. ; Sir John Robertson was sent for and lie 'formed a Ministry— the weakest ever put to gether in NeW;SoutU Wales ; and by what method of reckoning lio put it togother would puzzle a Philadelphia ..-lawyer to expound. Several of -Sir Juhn Robertson's formor colleagues refused to join him in .tlio Assembly .last 'night. .Mr.; Buehauan brought under -the notioo: of tho House tho position tiiey had been placfll in through the instrumentality of his Excellency, ; and the favor with whioh his remarks wore rc-< coived evidenced a feeling unfavorable to the now Government, and of the Governor's oori- i duct. Mr, Buchanan maintained -that the ! wliolo system of government had been altered by the erroneous and ignorant notion of- hie. Excellenoy the present Governor. Ho 'did not. conliuo himself to the Goveruor'B- action in oaniiection with the presont Go- : vorumont, but would go hack to Mb Exool- lonoy'sdealingB with tho luto Administration, and maintain thut tlio errors his Excellency committed ill granting them a conditional dis solution was a inodo of aotion not known to the Constitution, and never put in force by any English Sovereign. It was an notion most injurious to liis Excellency's position as well ns to tho best interests of the country lie attoinpted to rule. Tlio correct conduct, and what should have been Ms Excellency's conduct during tho crisis of tho defeat of tbo lato Government, was either to grant a dis solution or have refused it. ft was no part of liis Excelleuoy's duty to make con ditions, and when ho made the condition that he would grant a dissolution it supplies were voted, lie parted with one of his highest pre rogatives, mid gave an invitation to faction to bring tho ail'uii's of tlio oountry into inex tricable confusion, and that invitation was taken advantago of. Had his Excellency the Governor known liis duty, had lie possessed the most clcinontnry knowledge of constitu tional history, had ho known anything ubqut tlio action of English Ministries and English Sovereigns, lie must have been aware that no English Minister ever came do wn to the Houso of Commons with a statemout that ho had got a dissolution on tho condition that the Assembly granted supplies. Such a tiling never happened, and hovor could happon. Of course tlio Assembly, invited to ruluso supplies, did so, uud no dissolution took place. Hero we had, then, tho highest au- tlmrity in tho State abrogating his fuuotions and Mb prerogative, and conferring them upon the majority in the Assembly, who then hud the right of dissolution by refusing sup plies. His Exoellenoy was, in this way, guilty of a most ' unconstitutional proceeding, and one whioK was darigerous, and calcu lated, to do injury; to the realm whjoli he govocned ; and Mb oonduct, when it reached" the' proper"; authorities fit "homo;'" .would reoeivo unequivocal condemnation, ' Hnd"iiiB Excellpnoy aqtod, constitutionally ' and rightly ho would havo Baid.to tlio ' late Premier, Sir John Robertson, "I grant you a dissolution," or "I refuse yon a dissolu tion," without any conditions ; and . the Promior would then havo come down to tho Assembly and askod for supplies, throwing the onus on tho Parliament if thoy hod re fused eupplies. ' If this House was satisfied, and believed that tho aotion of tho Governor was unconstitutional , and disastrous . to the host intorcstB of. this land, then he main tained they, should consider whether it was desirable to refuse' supply, no. : matter how greattheir appreciation of tho magnitude of suoh. an evil might bo. " The evil oonso- . quonoes wonld not lie at their door. : If thoy took the oourse lie suggested tho Governor wonld bo aoinpelled to uct constitutionally. : Praise undeserved is consuro in disguise, and that ia exactly the case of New South Wales,' .. Its glories find riches havo been re presented iii rapturous strains, bnt disguise it how you will the hitter truth must oomo; to the surface. ' Free-trade has pauperised the city and. suburbs, and helped to.llll -the gaols with oriminals, -Tho strcots of Sydney, nro a liugo chain of orab- holes and slough's, ' and the citizens are too poor to bp taxed to repair them. . Tlio present liabilities-, of tho City Corporation are neatly a million ster ling. The lands- of tlio oolony are fading, from the view of tho intending cultivator, and our much vaunted surplus - is tho ghost in the olosot that soares somo of tho pro-' perty. owners, because of" tho method by wliioh it has aoorue'd;" 'In tho oourse, of a long jeremiad on - the land policy - of the colony, tho lb'. , M. Herald vory truthfully .states Tho aim of tho law is to faoilitato while, in reality, it -is creating a greator .accumulation of land in a few hands in this colony than in any other British community jout of and perhaps within tho United King- ;dom ; and tho'eutiro proooeds are left at the , 'ahsoluto disposal of . Parliament, to ho, voted ' away without rostnotion'yoar by year."' ; ' For tho past tweivo months it has been generally believed here that Sir -Hercules Robinson would he removed .to a position of : importance, and .the , reply to tho . petitions ' for the oxtonaioh of his Excellency's term of .office as Governor, of New Southi Wales' , jhstifios thiB holiof. The reply to tho various petitions has' been received by his Exoel lenoy, bearing date 8lh .June, 1877, and the Secretary for., tlio, Colonics briefly atatus . ; " I'request ,'tliat you, will inform tho me morialists 'that their pctitiona have been laid before tho Q'ueeii, and that her Majesty is gratified to obserye the well-merited ap- , preaiatiou of your servieos to , which thoy bear witnoss, but, thdfi it . is necessary- that ' lien Majesty s advisors' should hold them-, selves absolutely . free to tendar.siich advice' to the Queen as may permit of the amploy- , mont' of nn ' bxperieuded Governor in any. place in which tho 'requirements of the \- moment, may appear to render hie services most valuable ; and' therefore it ia hrft pos sible to decide in advance in what portion of her Majesty's dominions it may ho of advan tage for any officer to be employed. — I have, &£, (siguod) OAiijfAlivox. To Governor Sir Hercules Robinson. G.O.M.G." Tho disastrous oll'uots of tho drought are increasing to ; fearful, dimensions. Some woeks ago I staled that, four millions shoep; less would ho shorn in New South Wales this year tliah last yoar. A hank oironlar cstimutcs the decrease at six millions. Tho losses on some of the stations nro simply incredible. One station shows 00,000 out 400,000, and nnotlier 00,000 out of 200,000. The reports from , the west and north are terrifying, and unless rain comes soon, tho calamity will bo irroparablq. Evon now stockownors who twelve months ago Wore comparatively well. to do, have been reduced to beggary. ' There is certainly simplicity — perhaps not n charming simplicity — in Sir John Robert- eon's stylo of disillusionising. In the As sembly, tho other ovouiug, Mr, Fitzpatrick made a statement concerning tho allegod intentions of tlio Robertson Government with reBpeotto the amendment of the Land Aot, and Sir John Robortson and Mr. Gar rett both denied qhe'trnth of tho reforonoe. "Then," said Mr. Fitzpntriok, "the littio bird 'must have been very fallacious," To whioh Sir John Robertson plainly replied, "Tlio little bird was a liar — that is all." - The annual report of' the Postmaster- UiUUUiai-iUL biiu yuur uimui DiatiL/eucuiuffi, 1875, has been laid before Parliament. The report statos that 941 miles of. new postal routes were opened during tho year, and tlio total extant of the postal route now tra versed is IS, 418 miles — 12, GS4 being on horseback, 5182 by eb.-ibli, -and 552 by rail way. The total number' of persons em ployed in connection with the deportment, oxolusivo of mail contractors, was 10115. Of tiieso soventy were clerks, and probationary olorke, 150 stampers and chrriors, and. 7S2 country postmasters." Tlio revenue oolleoted in'the colony for tlio year 1875 was £12S,G40 9s. In 1S75 the amount of the revenue whs £117,270 2s. Id., showing on increase for the year 1S7C of £11,370 5s.' lid.. The cost to the cbloiiy on aeeonntof ocean mail services for 1875 was;- San Francisco, (£45, 403 4s, 10d., the receipts wero £15;07S 9s, 4d., giving an actual lnS3 of £30,724 15s. Oil; Torres Straits and Sues cost, £2042 ,7s. 0d. ; recoipts, £1557, 153, " 9d, ; . actual loss, £484 16s. 9d. ' Melbourne and Suez 'cost, 'including ' account - paid to Victoria, gratuities- L to; P.' and- O. Company and spooial overland mails, £9971 2s. lid.; recsipts, £7216 2s,. 5d.; . actual loss to New; South Wales, £2754 6s. Gd. lu concoction with the Electric Telegraph department there wore S472 miles of wire in actual use at tlio end of tho yoar ; thoro wero 154 sta tions ; the number of messages trausuiittod was 854,20 1 (an increaso of 135, 092 upon 1875).' The total, revenue wa9 £09,3-18, and the total expenditure fr the year £69,229. The total cost of tho S472 miles of line open was £297, 525. 