A . BLUE tjrjTlXG. : . v. BY MRS. EDWARDS. Author of " Our.n r We to Vjsit Her ?" " Leah, a Woman of Fashion," "Amuitc Lovell, kv. Cuatifji II. — Science. The tido closes rouud little Paul, And his mother, without a misgiving' at hor heart, walks onwards through tho vordant summer. Bmolling lauos, tho blue sky Broiling over head, tho voices of tho haymakcis ringing morry through tho fioldo ; oarth and heaven, oko would eay, keeping holiday ; no place fnr dancer and loss, and nwift, irrovocablo despair iu a world so barmouisod to joy as this ! Throughout ovory season of tho yoar tho Jersey lanes hnvo somo unique charm, some duodeoiuio boauty of thoir own, that wo miss amidst tho wido horizons of statcliar countries. Now in mid Juuo they are at their zenith. Tho flower of tho hnwtborn has passed, and still, in somo fow eheltored . positions, a flush of hoatic oorves to remind you of oast wiuds, and of May. Tho foam- like, drowsy-Bcontod eldorB arc in fullest blossom. Tho dwarf-roso fills every sandy bank or bit of common with its wax-white petals and delicato lemon-flavored odor. Groat balls of honeysuckle, here budding crimson, thoro ovor blown pink and bud, hung profusely from tho hedges of acacia, sycamore and wild cherry, which, to the horror of scientific farmers; and tho satisfac tion of tho rcmaindor of mankind, form tho boundaries of the fields. Daphno saunters on, now in sun, now in shadow, amidst all this wreath of color aud of fragrance, herself not the least fair acces sory of the picture, but unwitting as any flower along the path of her own fairness. A book of oxtracts might bo filled by Borne diligent oxtraot cutter, with tho pretty fancies indulged iu by tjio poets about nncousoioue beauty. I would mako bold to say that no hoalthy girl's heart of two-aud-twouty was ever callous on tho sooro of personal attraotion. Daphno Ches. tor's stato of feeling is morbid, "her no. count with tho world is closed thoro is tho soorot of hor self-indifference. Dress itself, that suro barometor as to a woman's hoarb in life, gives her scanty plcoaure. With tbo very country girls in tho hay fields disporting ' tunics, paniors, and tho like, sho wears a skirt fashioned upon tho modol of n dozen years ago, wears a straw hat that shades her faco and plainly braidod hair, when ovorr farmer's daughter holds hor head up in honorable consciousness of a Pamela or a Rubens ! Ninety-nine mon out of a hundred, in short, would pass Mrs. Chester by without a second glance — so well has tho ago educatod men's oyos to mere tricious charms, and to escape second glancos is preoisely the reBult at which she aims. But tho hundredth. ... Tho hundredth, a sketch-book under bis arm. a cigar betwoen bis lips, breaks upon" Dapbno's disooncortod sight, just as she has re'nohed the one absolutely lonely bit of all her walk, a foot-path leading through fields of ripening barloy, with thickly-boughed apple orchards on either side ; not the echo of a voice to be heard, not so much as the outbuilding of a farmhouse in Bight. "An excursionist," sho thinks, and the carnation mantles hotly over her face and neck. (I should explain that to the inhabi tants of this district tho word "excur sionist " is a generic term of reproach for all male human creatures, strangors, who may ho seen abroad among the lanes or fieldB between tbe months of May and October. It comprehends cockney gallantry towards women ; disregard of garden fences ; a five- pouud return ticket to Victoria station ; loud twoed suits, rainbow-colored hat scarves ; aud yilo tobacco. ) What shall Daphno Chester do? She has no olioice but to sot hor foatures into tho most forbidding expression thoso soft fea tures are capable of wearing, fix hor eyes steadfastly on the distant sky- line, seal hor ears to wbatovor music-hall compliment tho stranger may think tit to bestow upon her and brush by. Litorally " brush" by, for the path, at no time broad, is now scarce passable by reason of the barley that sways across it, in feathery encroaching waves; , from either aide. ' The carnation deepens on the girl's cheeks, but sho holds' her head up bravely and pro ceeds. ' . The stranger is within a dozen yards of hor ; a well-knit young fellow of five or six and twenty, bronzed, hardy-looking, a soldier yon could hardly fail to prognosticate, by profession, yet with an air of boyhood, a lingering look oE Harrow or of Itugby giving pleasant brightness to his faco and bearing. " And not— ii ol an excursionist," thinks Daphne on tho instant, "W hat subtle sense, unclassified by physiologists, enables a woman, with her eyes fixed on the horizon, to seo cloarly, aye, and theorise npou every smallest intermediate detail of tho picture." "He has a skotch-book ; must bo accom plished ; has thrown bis cigar away ; is of gcntlo breeding. . His hands do not embarrass himself ; his eyes do not embarrass me." Only give hor as long a glance as the eyes Df five-nud-twonty can givo at the blashing face of a pretty woman, this side of offence ! Thon tho stranger Bteps aside into the deep barley for Mrs. Chester to pass, half raises his hat, sends one quick glance in pursuit of tho girlish gracofnl figure when it has passed, and continues his way. Thus the adventuro is over ; in a lifo se questered as Daphne Chester's, to come across a welMooking stranger on s summer afternoon may, aided by meditation, become an adventure. Thus' these two people havo met, with issues litorally. of life itud death dependent npon their speaking, have kept silence. But now appears tbo JDeus ex ma china, tho first visible link in that dark chain that binds us, and which it is onr pleasure to call Fate. The stranger, absorbed in his thoughts, or by his cigar, has dropped a letter, and Daphno has barely passed "him by half a- dozen steps' before .she desories it lying in the path, Sho stoops down, Eve-liko; speculative. Sho reads the address. It is written in a woman's hand, upon an envelope of blue rpp ; a square-shaped enve lope at least tbroo times larger than tho old- fashioned letter to whioh Mrs. Chester's eyes ore accustomed at Fiof-de-Ia- Reino : " Sir John Severne, Royal Engineers, Posto Rcstante, Jersey." By this time' Daphne holds tho lottor be- tweon hor fingers. Tho situation begins to involvo questions of conscience rather than of curiosity. "The affair is none of yours," says Pride ; 1 ' leave- tho lotter- whore you found it and pass on. Flattering indeed to a man's vanity — think what that is ; a man's in satiate. vanity— wero. you to pursue this youth and accost him ; seek bis acquaint ance, unsolicited." "But tho loss of that letter may prove tho spoiling of liis life," pleads Daphne's soft heart. . "It may bo from his wife, poor boy." Tho thought makbs hor heave a sigh of pity. " Or from his swnotheart. If I worn young — if I belonged to the world still, what might not tho loss of a lovo- lotter cost mo 1 It is it question of right, of duty to my neighbor, no m'attor whether my neighbor bo a man of fifty or of twenty- five." Having soared into tho region of abstract and lofty morals, Mrs. Chester wavers no more. "I — 1 heliovo this, letter must belong to you, sir ' i-iio has been forced to run at full speed to overtiika him ; hor face is overspread w i"> damask ; she pants a little for breath, l.'un., re Burred is her manner ; euld, moat unsmiling are her lips. iabfeihtoa of Into, to Anglo-Indian oharrasi--charino whoso idiosyncrasy is soareoly that of coldness or rescrvor-rest upon Daphno Cheater with an admiration which sho is, fortunatoly, too breathless or bashful to notico. " I am oxtromoly sorry that you should hava taken so.much troublo on my account," ho bogins, mechanically transferring tho res tored letter to his pockot. ("It may havo been from his wifo. It was not from his svroethoart," sho thinks with prompt deoision. " No boy of his ago over got back possession of alovc-lottor with such an air of indifloronoo as that.") " Under this broiling oun, too I Really I Bhall nover ho ablo to thank you enough—" " Thoro is nothing to thank mo for at all, sir ; I am ascd to tho snn." Cutting him short without a emile, without tho relaxa tion of a musclo of her face, then preparing to turn away. " I— I suppose I am at no great distance from the sea here ?" ho bogins dennorately, not reflecting upon tho wisdom of his question, wanting only to hinder hor one more minute from going, wanting only one look from tho hazol eyes, that, as yet, have so studiously refused to encounter his ? "Well, no. In on island the size of Jersey; you can hardly got very far distant from tho Boa." Cruelly laconic is Mrs. Chester's answer, yet do hor footsteps linger. How strong tho pulses of tho lusty yoar are boating 1 They stir tho earth as with a t new creation, they make themselves felt, even in her own frozen heart. How tho cuckoo murmurs, how tho thrushes oall aloud for joy Just for a moment Daphne realises, as sho haBnotdone these throe years past, that Jane moans Iovo; just for a moment acknow ledges that to speak to a man younger than the parish rcotor, more oultivatod ,tliau a peasant farmer, is nob absolutely and finally disagreeable. Sir John Severne is quick to follow np whatever infinitasimally small progress he may havo made : "As far as my present experience goes, tho Jarsoy lanes seam constructed on the fundamental principle of leading baok un wary strangers to .the point from 'whioh thoy start : tho Hampton Coarb maze on a Iittlo larger scale. Now this path that wo are in — is thcro tho slijihtost oliance of its landing mo nnywhero if I follow it with per sistence ? I, want to take a sketch at high water, of Quornco Buy," ho goes oh, and by this time Daphno's eyes are shyly giviDg him back glance for glanep, "A sketch of Quernce into whioh I can bring the coast of i France, and porhaps get one of. those old Martollo towers as a foreground. You could direct me, I am aure, to suoh a Bpot ?" The question touches her nfc a vulnerable point. On the lowliest plane, with the keenest sense of her shortcomings, Daphno is, herself, an artist— derives thu nearest ap proach to self-forgotfulness her lifo knows ih watching nature's shapes and hues, and reproducing them' in unnaturally soft, mi nutely stippled watercolor drawings. Her only teacher has been her aunt Theodora ; and the Miss Vausifctorts' art notions date from their school days. A period wlion young women wore wont, like Hood's Miss J?ris. cilia, to rough-cast with shell- iwork, coat with red and black seals, oncrupt with blue' alum, stick over with colored wafers, or festoon with little ricepaper roses ; and when woolly pencil drawings, executed on perforated cardboard, held but a subordinate rank among these sister arts. ' And still, by some nativd iustinot, Daphne feels as acutely ns though sho had studied under a pro-Rapkaelito master at South Kensington what a picture should be ! How like the sharp outlinos, tho vivid colors . she sees in wood and lanes, how UDlike tho hazy counterfeits with which eho and Miss Theodora .laboriously adorn tho walls of Fief- de-la- Roiuo. She iu tqo dissevered from tho world and the world's opinions for tho handle to a namo to afioct her. Sir John Severne might be fifty tiuiee Sir John, and his title yield bim no precedence in ber mind over any plain esquire. Tbo thought, 'that hois an artist (iocs givo him a passport, for iivu minutos at least, to hor favor.- " If you keep to this path for a couplo of fields more, it will bring you out by Potito Cnoillette. After that yoii know Maitre Ha. mon's farm : , "Maitre Hamou's form? . . . I am ashamed to say I do not. "Nor tbo But-de-la-Rue that runs along side tbe Marais ?" . Sir John Sovorno is forced again to display tho crassest ignorance. - ' "Well, of course, if you know nothiny, not oven the But-de-la-Rue, nor tho Marais, you had best turn into the high road. Follow it straight when once you leavo tho fields, and a quarter of an hour's walking will bring you to tbo Fief-do-la- Roine. A big granite bouse," she adds, "desolato, but for the roses, with a sundial in front, and a broken archway, and soi and waste, and heaps of half dried sea-weod closing it in on every sido." \- Daphne's faco gets back its nsual look of blank weariness as she speaks. " Fiof-de-Ia-Reino is your home ?" suggests young Severne at hazard. ' , " My home. Well, just to the right on the waste land stands a Martollo tower, and from . tho foot of this tower, looking across Qucrnee Bay towards France, you jvill got the view yon want. You may pass through tho garden of Fief de-la-Roine if yon ohooso ; there will be no one to inter fere with you." And with a grave Iittlo reverence, with just sufficient of a smile, too, to ehow tho stranger what her faco might bo under other circumstances, ' Mrs. Chester walks ou, pricked in conscience somowhat as to ber own lax conduct, yet with hor pulse set a- heating not unpleasantly, with the ghost of a hope at her heart that the sketch will not bo finished, the artist vanished for ovor from tho narrow horizon of her lifo, before her re turn. \- " Ella sen' vai, aontendosi Iaudare )" Severne watches hor, with a feeling seve ral degrees higher than passing admiration, until the shadows, already lengthening, of the nighest orchard ecrcen tho lithe young figure from his sight. Then he resumes his path, lights a fresh cigar, after a time draws forth his letter (a letter from his sweetheart ; Daphne's intuitions were at fault), and with a careless hand tears across tho elaborately-twined kluo and gold initials that qdom the envelope : " My dear Sir John." Strolling on amidst tho kneedcop corn, he smokes and reads alternately ; reads with scarce livelier interest than a man might feel over tbe leading article out of session of a duily paper. "Mrs. Hardcastle hopes you received our lcttors and their enclosures safely before leaving Paris. We forwarded you a most exhaustive analysis of Professor Drysdale's last great work on All-Suffioionoy of Matter. Please let us know how fnr you are propared to go along with tho Professor in his opinions. Wo have been to all this season's lectures, nt Burlington House, and to most of tho Albomarle.stroet, Wednesdays and Fridays. I heliovo tho Royal Sooiety will have a pakeontological course next month. Need I say that we shall feel an additional in terost, if that he possible, iu polioontology, should wo bo accompanied to them by you 1 "FrauIeiuSobnapper trusts you will pay attention to tho porphyritic rocks of the Channal Islands, and ospcoially remark what ever mixtnre of epidote you may see amongst tho veins of calo.spsr and rock- crystal. Per haps you would not mind making a note or two for my sisters, if you come across any beds of eyanitio gneiss. " By an add chance it seems that we are likely to see each other first in Jersey, not London. L»dyLydt& Jenunghajp.(ypftmust| . | S".!1 ,!(-r: 1 -! " . "" 1' "— - " ' rotnSmfror, I think) has invited mo for a : fortnight's tour in their yaoht, tho Liborta, and I- heliovo the Channol Islands aro to bo our destination. But pray do not lob this alter your arrangements in any may. Every thing must so dopond upon Mr. Jcrniugliam's fishing prospoots, that, likolior than not, wo shall start for Norway at tho last moment, aud it would ho too dreadfully selfish' to keep you a prisoner in Jorsoy on my ac count. "My cousin, Felix Broughton, has re turned to England. I don't know whothor you recollect a photograph of him in Zoo's album ; he is represented as leaning across a stile, smoking, and with poor dear Caliph on his shoulder. Felix wishes mo to eay with what pleasure ho looks forward to making tho acquaintance of ono whom ho has already learnt to esteem by reputation. Lady Lydia has kindly asked him to join the party on board tho Liborta. "Hoping soon to hoar from you, aud that you will not forgot tho porphyritic rocks for Fraulcin Sohtaapper, " I am, my dear Sir John, " Your very affectionate, "Clementina Hardcastle." This impassioned lovo lottor is penned in a handwriting, largo, clover, beaatifally and finally illegible, ono of thoso semi-masculine handwritings, tnrned out by tbo gross, whioh would have horrrificd our neat-fin gered grandmothers, aud which you seo, at a glance, to be tho not produce of seven or eight laborious years of education, a-fa- mode. Sir John Soverno docs not waste more time than is Btrictly needful upon mastering its contents, neither does tho result of his labors chill him. Alas, tho last ghost of romanco has too long, too absolutely passed away out of his engagement for any fresh disillusion ment to be possible. The heart of most mon might freeze a little at a. vision of a mistfcsB dovoted to paleontology, and holding strong opinions as to AU-Sufficicncy of Matter. Severne lookB upon thoso' things ns ultimate and ineradicable facts of Miss Hardcastle' o character, and accepts them with resignation. . Ho is, in truth, still at that happy noon of 'youth when the shadows lio underfoot — has only cast off so much of the boy as was not worth tho hooping 1 SomQbody has fixed that ho is to booome Miss Hardcostle's hus band in August. The. Royal Society will give a pakeontological course of lectures, to whioh he shall listen with his betrothed in July.. " Bat to-day, this hour that ho is living and enjoying, is June. ; What sane ' man would troublo himself about the . future when only to breathe the warm elastic air is a kind of physical plea sure, only to look up into tho dense blue desort of air, a dream? Miss Hardcastlo's letter may he cold as soionoo — cold as Miss Hardoastlo horesolf. The faco that, smiled on him not ten minutos ago (and that ho already plans to see again) was soft as summer, warm as BnnehinC. Not a vory safe philoso phy porhaps, but care for porsonal safety in these matters is the ono virtue, which, at fivo.and-twenty, a man can best afford to do without. , . ' Fiof-de- Ia-Reino is not difficult of identifi cation. . ' " A big granite house, 'desolate but for the roses, add with sea led waste, and heaps of half-dried spa-weed closing it in on every aide." The description would ho adequate, even wore Fief-de-lo-Reine not out in quaint moss-crustod letters above the entrance of the outer court. Severne lingers a little —do not the surroundings of a fair and unknown woman always exorcise a certain influonco upon a man's imagination ? Then passing, as Daphne bade him, through tho front flower garden, bo makes his way amidst outspread flaking nets and beds of drying vraic, to the solitary martello tower whioh covers the summit of tho waste. Everywhere around him is silence, silence rendered articulato rafchor than brokon by tho ohannol's moao, the monotonous soughing of tho wind through tho parched grasses and eon thistles that constitute the herbage of the sand hills. He lookB down upon tho many colored borders of Fiof-do-Ia.Reino, upon tbe patriarchal fig-tree (beneath whoso shodo a pink-ribboned Theodora Vansittart still dances in dreams to the tunes, amidst the compliments of forty years ago). Ho looks at tho expanse of tide, by - this time flooding every crook and inlet of Quernoo Bay. A fow black points of rook, points that in another half- bour will bo under water, dot its surface. If ho had only his ifowling-pieco .with him, thinks Severne, taking out his pipe and tobacco pouch in readiness £pr a smoke beneath tho cool shade of the tower, if ho had only his gun at hand, he could bring down easily enough yonder white sea-bird — just recognisable by its changes of position as a living creature — upon ono of the more distant rooks. A monster ssa'.bird it must be when one comes to watch it attentively ; fitting hither and thither, too, with a quick, irregular movement that Sir John Soverne's eye, well trained in matters of sport, fails to recognise. Ho takes out a small traveller's telescope from his pookot, adjust it, looks again, and with a suppressed cry, springs upon his feot. Tho distant, q nick-moving object is — no sea- bird, but a little child ! Hesitation, doubt as to that which he Bhall do, nover for ono moment cross young Serverno's mind. Ho knows nothing of the shore or of its currents, is ignorant how far he may be able to wade, how far bo forced to swim, ere tho prisoner on that distant rook be reached. Thoso are questions that belong to fate. His business is to savo, or attempt to Bave, tho small speck of humanity that must forlornly, inevitably perish with out his succor. A brief space he lingers, Bteaaily taking in every detail of his own Dosition. and nf the child's ; then, retracing his steps, he swiftly traverses the garden of Fief- de-la-Roine ; in a couplo of minutes more has reached the margin of the tido. Ono solitary boat, tho Wesley (when will Scvoruo forget that naraoJJ, is flying. high and dry. npon the shingle, a heavy Sea-goiug boat tljat it would tnko tho strength of half-a-dozen men to lauuoh. No living form is to bo seen. Tho fisher- men, for tho most part, aro plying thoir oraft among tho distant Minquier rocks, tho old peoplo and children are helping the farmers in the hay-fields. Tho task that Sevorno has net himself must bo achieved single- handed liko most of the tasks that aro worth achieving in men's lives. Ono loud hulloa ho gives, in tho vague hope of arousing some inmate of tho fishermen's huts that lie soattered beyond the orobard of Fief-de-la- Reine. Then the echoes of his own voice alone returning reply, walks down, with stout heart and true, to tho margin of tho tide and prepares himself for a swim. For somo distanco from the shore tho wator is shallow. Sir John gets for enough to discern the child's figure with distinct ness by only wading to bis knees; after this he had to pass through a suoccssion of narrow ohannels breast deep, and then abruptly discovers that he ia out of his depth. If Daphne, away amidst the tranqnil fields, could watch her child's' slender ohances of salvation ! If she could watch how slowly tho swimmor makes head against the tide, how impotent seems his strength among the shoals and currents by which ho is besot ; while still tho spook of rock on whioh Paul stands becomes instantly loss visiblo above the waste of oruol waters that threaten to engulf him ! 