? " Johnstone's Ghost." — The section of the Coroner's Act referred to provides that :—" If any Coroner refuses or wilfully neglects to hold an inquest in any case when such inquest ought to be held, it shall be lawful for lier Majesty'8 Attorney-General to apply to the Supreme Court, or during vacation to a Judge thereof, for a rule calling on such Coroner to show cause wliy he should not hold such inquest ; and if after «service of such rule, good cause is not shown against it, it shall bo lawful for the Court or Judge to make such rule absolute, with or without payment of costs, as to such Court or Judge seems meet ; and the Coroner upon being served with such rule absolute, shall obey the same and hold such inquest upon pain of being liable to an attachment in case of refusal or neglect." "Artist."—We have no doubt the owner would willingly allow you to view the painting." " Scio."—Trucannini, the consort of King Billy, and the last of the Tasmanian aboriginals, died in May of last year. Photographic portraits of her are obtainable. " 'M."—The number of Odd Fellows of the Manchester Unity in the colonics is 39,621, grouped in 505 lodges. The number in England, etc., is 468,387, in 3567 lodges. The accumulated capital is nearly four millions. " Rovice."—In reply to your letter asking for advice on the subject of handwriting, we can not do better than quote the following directions from an American author :—" By all bust HOBS people a plain, legible style of writing is luoat valued ; therefore those who would write •well should follow these rules : "Write your own ' hand.' Improve it as you will, but keep it your own. Write plainly, forming every letter, and especially take pains to make all proper nouns or unusual words very legible, i Write as uniformly as possible, and especially when writing your name or signature. Avoid all flourishes. On the ability to follow these simple rules may rest the chance of obtaining a situation. To those who are writing for the press, or aspire to do so, we have simply to say that they often fail to gain a hearing on account of the ' bad copy ' they present. Manuscript should be written plainly. If writers only knew the immense trouble that illegible copy gives to editors and compositors, they would endeavor to write more plainly. Every word should be written distinctly, so that there shall be no need for guess-work on the part of the person who is to read it. " E.M."—To make candied orange peel proceed as follows:—Kace the peels in strong salt and water for fivejor six days. Then take out the peels and boil theca in spring water until they are soft, and place in a seive to drain. Make a thin syrup with a pound of candy sugar to a quart of water ; boil the peels in this for half an hour or until they appear clean. Next make a thick syrup with sugar and as much water as will dissolve it, boil the peels in this over a slow fire until the syrup candies ill the p.m. Then take them out, strew pounded s'igar over them, and diy them before the fire >:v in acool oven. Place in a jar closely pressed down and securely tied. " T. IP. jlf."—When clothes have an unpleasant odor from being kept from the air, charcoal laid in the folds will speedily remove t. " Young Pclitician."—Adam Smith was born ii! 1723. "BarnDoor."—You are quite welcome. In n iily to your further query—the rule is that t'^gs with poiuted ends produce males ; those nearly round, females. "J. Ii."—The new German empire was inaugurated in 1871. " Observer."—The meaning of the Scotch verdict of "not proven," is that the jury are not satisfied as to the guilt or innocence of the accused, but consider the evidence insufficient for conviction. After the delivery of such a verdict the accused person cannot be put on trial again for the same offence ; so in this respect it corresponds with one of " not guilty." "Fruit-grower."—A less expensive mode of preserving fruit than converting it into ordinary j ira, which necessitates the use of a considerable proportion of sugar, is much in favor in American homesteads, where the fruit is canned. The cans used have a sunken lid, so that by Y>ouring molten wax arourd it, atmospheric air is completely shut out. Peaches put up in this way are excellent. They are easily prepared also, and the preparation is not expensive. Put the fruit, prepared as m:>y be most desirable, in a preserving pan, Put about lib white sugar to 51bs or 61bs of fruit, or more sugar can be used if desired. Add what vater is necessary to make sufficient liquid to co .'er the fruit ; when it comes to a boil, remove the fruit from the fire at once, pour it into the cviiis, put on the lids, and seal them with liquid wax. Cool them off .soon as possible, to make a vacuum. Be careful that the air is all shut out. and the fruit will keep good for auy length u£ time. It is excellent for pies, etc., and can be sweetened and cooked as desired. Any fruits or vegetables can be preserved in this way. " E.Q.Ji."—'There is only one establishment in Launceston where india-rubber in sheets can be purchased, viz., that of Mr Alma Mills, in Brisbane-street. The retail price is 4s Cd per lb., but in large quantities tlie figure would be about Another firm (in the ironmongery line) informed us that they could order it from Melbourne, and the price would be about 4s per lb. It seems the custom is not to sell the indiarubber by the yard, but by weight. " Vine.''—You should top the bearing shoot at one joint above the bunch. A TLTAVELLINO NIKT.—A correspondent writes to the Times from East Cosliam, Hants :—" It may be interesting to some <>f your readers to be informed that on a small piece of frame-work, underneath a third-class smoking carriage <m the London and South-Western Railway, a waterwagtail has built her nest and reared a young and thriving family of four. The train runs regularly from Cosliam to Havant five times a day, in all about 40 miles, and the station-master informs me that during the absence of the train, the .male bird keeps close to the spot waiting with manifest interest and anxiety the return of liis family from their periodical tours." WEEKLY EXAMINER Dtrorr AMOB FATRUS SATURDAY, DEC. 8, 1877. 