IN THE BARBER'S SHOP Bf FIGARO. "I have gathered a posie of other men's flowers and nothing but the thread that binds them is mine own."-fMosrAzamr. INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITIONS are no Snovelty.. There is hardly a nook or corner of the civilised world, I fancy, where one hasn't been held. They all possess a strong family likeness; the features only differing, according to the specialities of the industries followed in the various localities. Ballarat has,however, projected one which will be more decidedly dis tinctive in character-arising from the fact, that the contributions to it are to consist entirely of the manufactures of young people under 21 years of age; or, as they are styled in the prospectus, "juveniles." From what I have heard and read, I con ceive this exhibition will be productive of good-that it will provoke a spirit of, emulation amongst young people in a right direetion; therefore, it has my heartiest wishes for a full success. I am glad to see that the "useful" is to be made a prominent feature in it. Thus I greatly approve of such items as this-a prize to the girl who exhibits the.best shirt, made, washed, and got up.entirely by herself, ready for immediate use. The lassie who wins that I would rather choose for a wife for a son of mine than one who could turn. out antimacassars by the dozen, or make imitation flowers to look more natural than life-as they usually do. I would suggest to the Ballarat commission that they might with advantage carry this sort of competi tion even further. For instance, letthat girl be rewarded who turned out the dish of best cooked potatoes, who could serve up a steak or chop, not absolutely spoiled in the cooking, and a joint of meat not charred on the outside and raw from the middle to the bone. These are achieve ments which colonial girls, more especially in towns, sadly lack, and for want of Iknow ing how to accomplish which the married life of so many couples, after the flavour of the honeymoon has faded away, when the gilt is rubbed off the gingerbread, is by no means so happy as it should be. Colonial girls don't want teaching how to catch husbantlhrds-that art, if it isn't a bull to say so, seems to come by. nature; but. they do need to learn how to keep them when caught.' Isee that.at Emerald-hill it has been decided to hold a local exhibitidn of this. kind preliminary to the, Ballarat one--the exhibits at the former t' be seeit on to the latter. This seems to me a good idea. 'Couldn't Prabhan and St. Kilda unite follow nsuit ? Barring England-which I, not being al protectiolist, don't look upon as a "furrin" part, nor its inhabitants as "furriners" there are few places beyond the seas from which I receive letter's: I got oie, lhow ever, last week which bore upon the face of the envelope the postmark, "Hono lulu." It threw me and my belongings into a state of much wonderment. I could think of no one who should write to me from that South Sea Island; and began'to wonder Whether the epclosure might not be an invite *from the "Kiing of the Cannibal Islands" that I should go and be made *a feast of! His Majesty would filid me a tough mouthful, I fancy. Inspection showed it to be from a valued friend of mine; who was also, through me, a friend to many of. my readers. Fhat is why I'm telling you about it. In short, it was a very kind letter from our old townsman, Mr. I. Warren Ball, who did such good service as correspondent of the Prahran School Board of Advice. I'm happy to be able to tell youthat" our mutual friend" writes in the best of spirits. He had so far had a most prosperous and comfortable voyage, over seas which, in his own words, "any upper Yarra boat could have safely voyaged," no sea-sickness, and, best of all, greatly im proved health. Mr. Ball writes in the warmest terms of the many kindnesses he received during his quarter-of.a-century residence in the colony; and from the whole tone of his letter, though he doesn't say so in words, i quite anticipate he will, if spared, once more pitch his tent amongst us. Although his letter to me was a private one, I felt sure you would be pleased to hear this much about him; and I confess there are few more pleasurable gratifications to myself than to know that I still lisiger so lbvingly in thle nemory of my absent friend as to impel him, amid the bustle and excitement of travel, to snatch a few moments to tell me how he is getting on. Mr Ball half promises to send ine some notes of travel for publication, and if he does so I am sure they will be very pleasant reading. The football season is drawing to a close, and none too soon. Its record of disasters, and of occasional deaths, is 'a painful one. Much as I approve of athletic sports, and little as I would like to see " our boys" milksop I must say that the roughness with which this game is played in Victoria is highly censurable. How it is to be stopped, I don't clearly see; but that it should be stopped, I haven't the ghost of a doubt. I can think of no better plan for eliminating danger from it than one I've before suggested-that is to say, to arrange that it should befoolball, and nothing else, as it used to be hen,as a boy, I' plaed it. Before another season comes round, 1 trust the rules will be so revised as to restore the game to its original form. If not, it will behove parents tointerdict their sons from engaging in it. And as football goes out cricket comes in. Already the preliminary meetings of many clubs have been held, and prepara tions are in progress for the coming campaign. The material is being dragged forth fr"m* its winter resting-places, and furbished up for pending contests. This gives me an .opportunity to express my gratification at the very cheering reports which have come froni England of Mid winter's success in the old country. He has played in some first-class matches, and acquitted himself so as to earn high com mendation both from cricketers arid the press. The opinion is expressed thatifthe team we are about sending home is com posed 6f players anything like' equal to "?Mid.," it will be able to give a good account of itself, and compel even the best pliiyeirs of Englahd toivork hard to retain their laurels. I know well enough that "one swallow doesn't make a summer," but consideration of the quality of the men chosen to go home and show what Australian cricketers can do, makes' me feel pretty confident that we shan't be disgraced. Prahran's advancing pretty fast in the way of new and substantial buildings. If anyone who has been away from it for the last half- dozen years or so, were now taken up Chapel-street, he would scarcely recognise it. And further improvement is going on. The foundations for the new post-office are now in; the buildings known as White's corner are being cleared amway tb make room for a niew bank; the old .Prahran Hotel is demolished, and on its site a new hotel is'to arise, as, I hear of a 'much improved character; whilst in High-street, the Church of St. Matthew will soon show as an architectural embcl lishment to the town. And similar signs of progress may be noted in St. Kilda. Whilst in both municipalities, were I to touch on bdildings of other than a strictly public nature. I should have to give a list which the printer would be sure'to refuse to publish on account of its length. All these are tangible evidences of material prosperity; most gratifying to me thus to make a note of. I' don't well see how' the committee of the Blind Asylum could have arrived at a more equitable decision than they have dbne in the case of the poor girl Grace. DIivestedof tho sensationalism with which it was attempted to surround the matter, the evidence seems to me quite clear that between her incarceration in the tower and the cause of her death there was no prove able conneiion. Of the other matters connected with this painful inquiry, I shall forbear to express my opinion until the decision of the committee has been published. A proof is given on Tuesday evening of the need of further police protection in South Yarra-as advocated by Cr. Turner at the last meeting of' the Council. On that day, a young knight of the cleaver, who carries on business'in the Toorak road, committed the matrimonial "happy despatch;" and in the evening a boisterous mob:.assembled together in the roadway opposite his residence, and treated the bridal party toa concert of "rough music." As I happenedto be both an eye and ear witness of the scene, I can say that it was onie which reflected no credit on thlose who got it up and. carried it through. The chief musical" instiruments were a drum and a fog-horn, and the lusty manner in which the one was beaten and the other blown,. .chorused by the noises, emitted from the throats of the assembled crowd, combined, to produce. a discordance that gave me:buft a poor opinion 'of the way in which some " eivilised" people occasionally find amusement. It,was fortunate that to accident, happened, for 'tis a busy thorough fare where the nuisance was enacted, and several cabmen had considerable difficulty in piloting their horses safely past the spot. Had there been a policeman handy, and he had done his duty, these rough serenaders would have been cut short .in their fun soon after beginning it. I would have given a trifle to have seen them dispersed by a good strong jet of Yau Yean. The printer of this journal must have a compositor in his employ who aims at being a "funny dog,'" and who allows his sense of the ludicrous to overcome-to use the technical term-his duty to "follow his copy." I gave you'an instance of how last week he cleverly distorted a sentence I wrote. Here is another, nearly as good, of his this week's production: What I penned-" that I should go and be made a caet of" What he made of it-" that I should go and be made a beast of !" To which I most decidedly object. If this compositor was to apply for a billet on Punch, and produce-these two examples as specimens of his ability. I feel' sure he would get an engagement at once. 