ELECTION OF MAYOR AT EAGLE HAWK. A special meeting of the Eaglehavrh Borough Council was lield yesterday morning at ten o'clock, for tho purpose of eloeting a mayor for the ensuing year and arranging other matters. , Thero were present—Crs. II.il], Lester, Kirk wood, Green, Trumble, and Kichards, with the M!v- fted,member3> Crs. l'anly, Kneebone, an5 VViUan, the retiring mayor (Mr. J. Harris) and the retiring members, .Messrs. H R Will liams and J. Mouat. The town clerk (Mr. Tolhurst) stated that the nrst businoss they would have to transact would be to appoint a chairman, and lie then read the clauso of the Act relating to the matter. He ; said it had latoly been pointed out to him that they proceeded wrongly in electing the mavor j last year, and that virtually they had two mayors during the whole year, and upon lookiii" | over the Act he found that this really was r the case. Ho then read the 63rd section, which says:—" As toon as conveniently mav be after . .. any vacancy taking place m the office of chairman of any municipality one of the councillors thereof shall bo elected by the Uuincil to bo chairman of such municipality r cowman so elected shall in the case of a borough be entitled the mayor," etc. He then turned to section 148, as" follows:—"On the fourth day after the day on which the returning officer shall declare the candidates at any annual election to be duly elected the Council 'of the municipality shall hold a meeting at the hour of ten o clock 111 the foronoon, and shall proceed to elect a ehairman for the municipality, but any failure to elect a chairman under the provisions of this section shall not invalidate any election ol chairman subsequently made." Last year ho pointed out, a chairman had been elected' to conduct the meeting until the mayor had been elected, and this no doubt was r. wrono- pro cedure as according to the act the chairman first elected was m reality the mayor. After looking at the sections of the act hearing upon the point he had rc ierrcd to the standing ordors with the view of gaining some further information with regard to it. lie there found a clauso stating that in all cases not provided for in the act, resort should be had to the rules and forms of Parliament, which should bo followed so far as the same were appheablo to tho proceedings of the Coun cil. ihereforo they should at once proceed to tho election of Mayor, without entering upon tho appointment of a chairman of the meeting as a preliminary stop. b Cr. Trnmble then moved and Cr. Richards AHvnrCf °r'- Kirlwo°d bo appointed -ftlajor for tho ensuing year. Or. Lester said that before the motion was put ho wished to say a few wards. He sa;tl j10 was sorry that ho had to say anything of a dis s8liewVttUr? °'.\ tl!0,PrcSellt occasion, but still he felt ho should make public what he was about to say. He then proceeded to state that on Saturday last ho had met tiie town clerk when, to his great surprise, the latter asked M , Jr Tul,lcll,lor 110 wulflgo i„ for as Mayor . He had thought this a very straii"o question, and he immediately asked himself that he H,"eani\ lH1 "P1^'1 t0 tbc t0" clerk that he thought he himself had as good a richt as anyone to go in for the office, whereupon Mr. lolhurst replied "Oh, you havn't got tho ghost of a show." b The Town Clerk remarked that it was hardly versations. ^ "ll0uld ^ ^to Cr, Lester said lio would do so, Cr. Trumble thought Cr. Lester was out of order in bringing this matter up on the present occasion, and the town clerk, who conducted the meeting, ruled accordingly upon bavin" his attention drawn to tho question, stating that lie would have ruled Cr. Lester out of order before had it not been that he (tho town dork) was implicated in the statement made, and, under theso circumstances, did not care to act on his wii responsibility in the matter, nw ^^ent^vinc been moved, the motion w■!"?> Klrkn?od "W fer the ensuing jear ■was then put and carried unanimously th« *!aviuK been invested with the robes of office, heartily thanked tho Coun cil for the high honor that had been conferred tfiin" rT' r his regret that any t , nmr fh (\lsaSrecaW% character had occurred to mar the harmony of the proceedings, but ' !"^s ^u!d happen and could not be prevented. This was the fourth time that }>e had been elected So the position of mayor of the borough, and ho assured them that he would endeavor, during the time he held office, to dis charge his duties with impartiality, and to the satisfaction of both the Council and the r-te payers. commit'ea.' th° aPP«>^ment of Tho 'Town Clerk mentioned that tho onlv committees they had had last year were tl?e Geiieral Committee and the cinetery Com? Cr. Trumble thought it was necessary that they should appoint a Public Works Committee tra»SsncK° aeaU,st ",e systonl that had existed of transacting a very large portion of the council's onlTLm C°rmittCC' a,ld contended that it \\\ould be much more satisfactory to the rate payers if the business were transacted in open Or. JFJtill seconded the motion. The Mayor opposed the motion, and in'doimr so stated that about two years ago, before the General Committee, comprising the whole of the /w h™ the council, was formod, they found i t Jh1° tw c°ramittf 3 worked so badly altogether that a change had to bo made He moved as an amendment that committees'bo an? pointed the same as last yoar, Cr\Prftcrl seconded the amendment. He thought the General Committee had bv iM operations, given every satisfaction, and would be sorry to see the system disturbed. Cr. liiehards also spoke in favor of the in pointraont of a general committee, arguing tint the proceedings of the committee were re-ulJi.. make known to tho public through the medium of the newspapers. uum After some further remarks from Cr. Trumble the motion and amendment were put, and the former was carried. e 1 On- tho motion of Cr. Trnmble, Crs. Hall uamely, Crs. Hall, Lester, Tmmblo, Kirkivopd . SlriS™ "-"PPMM. The moti™ It was decided, on the motion of Cr. Trumhle that a LegisL-!„ivc Committee, consisting nf n ' Mayor, with Cr,. Richards, Kneebon lid £ mover, should be appointed c r;f« hm. be Hrai,, H. R. WUlkms .S rS;1 l\ doing so ho complimented the rentl*™ ^ I on the assiduity they had disi>Hv?,l•men named to their duties/ Ho referre f^, a"e'ldl"S exhibitions o£ ill-foelim' w "'al'li3 the councillors that had occasionally Cn made° and expressed a hoito Hnf u • made, 01\. Hal] seconded! the motion, and suggested that a copy of the resolution, bearing tho seal of the Council, should be forwarded to each of tho three retiring councillors. Ho thought this waij the least the Council could do, as an Acknow ledgment of the services rendered to the borough liv these gentlemen. "'The motion, with Cr. Hall's suggestion, was carried. The Mayor then moved that a hearty vote of thanks be passed to the retiring Mayor (Mr. Harris). He had 110 doubt they would all agree with Iiini when he said that Mr. Harris had filled the olliee of Mayor in a very satis factory manner. It afforded him much pleasure to move that tho hearty thanks of the Council be tendered him, and that an address be pre pared for presentation to him. Cr. llall seconded the resolution. He had ho said been present at almost every meeting of the Council, during the time Mr. Harris filled the p sition of Mayor, and he was bound to Ray that he had discharged the functions of his office with credit to himself and the Council alike. Of course they were none of them infallible, and Mr. Harris, like the rest of them, might some times have erred, but he (Cr. Hall) thought he had never wilfully perpetrated a wrong, but on the contrary had always endeavored to act with. strict impartiality in his dealings. The motion was carried unanimously. This concluded tho business of the meeting, but the new mayor invited the councillors and' ratepayers present, numbering altogether abaut fifty persons, to remain and assist in doing honor to one or two toasts that he was anxious should be proposed. Tho toast of "The Queen" having been drunk, The Chairman proposed "The health of tlm retiring Mayor and Councillors." He spoke in a complimentary strain of the manner in which t/ie retiring mayor and councillors had con ducted themselves, as the representatives of the ratepayers, and with regard to the former said that if he altered his present determination to leave the district, lie hoped yet to see him in tho Council again. Mr. Harris returned his sincere thanks for tho kind manner in winch the toast had been pro posed. He mentioned also that he had watched the individual who had offered him the principal opposition whilst lie was Mayor, and noticed that he had, along with the rest, rose and drank his health. He would, therefore, let him off lighter, perhaps, than he otherwise would have done. He took this opportunity of saying, however, that all the disturbances that had re cently occurred in the Council, were attributable) to one individual alone, and the opposition of this individual had been raised simply through his having ruled a motion out of order. Tho> speaker then proceeded to refer in warm terms' to the disagreements that had arisen in the< Council Chamber between Cr, .Trumble and him self, recalling the words uttered by the latter to the efleet that he (the Mayor) was "not lit to fill the position he occupied," and that "lie ruled one way one day, and another way the next." (Cr. Trnmble: " So you did.") He did not. Ho would explain, for the information of those present, that this feeling of antagonism on the part of Cr. Trnmble, arose out of matters entirely without the Council. It arose first from the Hospital scandal, in connection with which he had had a private conversation with Cr.i'Trumble, when the latter attempted to bias his mind and secure hir vote as a member of tho committee of management of the institution for the side lie (Cr. Trumble) himself took. (Cr. Trnmble: " 1 never did.") The conversation ha alluded to took place in the Victoria Hotel. (Cr. Trumble: "Bob Clark got at you.") The Mayor at this stage interfered, and re quested that all show of ill- feeling and hostility should now be dropped. Cr. Trumble made another interjection, and Mr. Harris said if Cr. Trumble went on much further he would narrate the conversation that occurred on the occasion he referred to. Cr. Trumble: You can do what you like. Mr. Harris: Very well, since you have chal lenged me— Tho Mayor entreated Air. Harris not to pursue the subject further; he had ndi, he said" invited the company to remain simply to listen to recriminations between any of the persons present, but on the contrary in order that a few toasts might be proposed and drunk in a friendly spirit. Cr. Trumble protested that ho was in no wav to blame for the unpleasant turn matters, hail taken. He had, he said, never mentioned Mr. Harris' name, but had drunk his health tho same as the other members of tho company pre sent. Mr. Harris continued by thanking tho other councillors for the support they had given him. If any councillor thought he was not fit for the: position which he had held, Was it right, he asked, that he should publicly insult him at tha Council table ? If any councillor entertained this opinion why did he not consult his col leagues in the Council, and if he found others; holding the samo opinion they might then have held .1 meeting privately, and afterwards asked him to resign. He could tell tho ratepayers, why he had ruled the motion out of order. Cr. Trumble: Why did you not tell them ini tho Police Court ? Mr. Harris: I would have told them in tho Police Court had you not withdrawn tho ex pressions you used to me. The discussion was continued for some timo longer, when the mayor again interfered, as also did Mr. George Ueade, both gentlemen expressing the opinion that tho matter had gono far enough. Mr. Barrell thought the discussion should bo allowed to proceed, as they were hoing told something that they had a right to hear. Mr. Harris, however, eventually yielded to tho entreaties of the mayor, and said he would go on with something else. With respect to tho general committee, about which there had bean a discussion that day, he thought they worked better than the small committees did, and was of opinion that the system was conducive to cconomy. Ha regretted to notice that thero was a difference of opinion with respect to the advisability of establishing reproductive works, such as gasworks and a local market. He spoke at some length on this head, considering that works of this description would prove profitable undertakings to the Council. In concluding ho again thanked the company for the manner in which the toast had been received. Mr. H. ft. Williams also thanked those pre sent for tho hearty manner in which they had drank the toast. He said that although he was not now a councillor he still had the interests of the borough at heart, and he would have again come before the ratepayers on the occasion of tho last election had it not been that his other duties would prevent him from devoting a proper amount of attention to his position as a councillor. Everything considered too it was perhaps as well that he had not done so, as ho might possibly have been sent about his busi ness in the same manner as another of their old councillors, whom it was not necessary to name had been. However, he assured them that as one of their members of Parliament, he would do tho best he could for the interests of the dis trict. Ho again thanked them for tho way they had received the toast, and wished continued prosperity to the borough. Mr. Cr. Eeadc proposed tho health of "The Mayor-elect." He said ho had only been present at two celebrations of this character, but from the evident heartburnings and dis plays of jealousy that had come under his notice on both these occasions he was strongly inclined to believe that the Council would work much more harmoniously together if the Mayor were not selected from the members of the Council at all. It would, of course, be better if the gentleman ejected to the position of Mayor had served his apprenticeship, as it were, in the Council, in order that he might possess a knowledge of the forms and usages, but at the time he was elected to office he should be inde pendent altogether of the Council, llegardiug the election that had taken place that day, how ever, he desired to congratulate Cr. Kirkwood 011 his having again been placed in the honor able position of the Mayor of the borough. He believed that Cr. Kirkwood was a very pains taking representative, but at the same time lie wished to say that he lacked the amount of firmness that was requisite to enable him to keep ia check one unruly member of tho Council. Cr. Trumble: Who's that? Mr. Ileadc: Yourself, sir. (Laughter.) Yes, ho would not mince matters at all, the unruly councillor to whom he referred was Cr. Trumble himself. Soma two years since, he stated, bo had had some words with Cr. Trumble, ana since that time, although ho had respected him as a magistrate and councillor, he had otherwise left him religiously alone. After making some further remarks, the speaker said he had much Xdeasure in proposing the toast. The toast was drunk with musical honors. The Mayor thanked those present for the kind way in which tho toa3t bad been proposed. 'Ihw was the fourth time he had been elected to the position of mayor, he said, and ho hoped ha would still be enabled to retain the confidence of the council and ratepayers. Since he left the mayor's chair twelve months since ho hau learned a little. The mayor was as hj1"'0 to make an error as another councillor, but out of the respect that was- due to the position he thought councillors shonw give in unless something altogether unreason able were done. He referred to the ircqucii disagreements that had occurred in the Count'i latterly, and said that Cr. Trumble had during the time he filled the position of mayor gn en rulings with which he did not agree, but sti ho had always supported the chair. In tlio particular case which gave rise to the part of the ill-feeling that had existed latch, h (tho speaker) believed that the mayor for ^ timo being was right; Cr. Trumble eviderit thought be was wrong—(Cr. Trumble: proved it, too")—and so the dispute arose, would have been much more seemly, howe%t ■ if the decision of the chair had been bowed > Ho hoped, however, that things would go on more smoothly in future. Mr. Anderson proposed the toast ot Hie Borough Council " in an appropriate speech. The toast having been duly drunk, Crs. Tardy, luieebone, and Willan, res ^°0r.e Trumble, as one of the members of the Borough Council, and as the martyr of the pre sent occasion, also thanked the company for the kind way in which the toast had been received. He thought ho could take credit to himself for having done as much for the borough as any member of the Council, and he could, perhaps, point to more public works that had been done through his inlluence than any other gentleman sitting at the table. There was ono individual present (Mr. Readc) who had apparently taken Loch delight in telling them that he had not „DOten to him (Cr. Trumble) for two ycaw. lie ■rhiileneed Mr. Keade to tell them the reason for thil He would tell them. There was a "brtain locality in the borough called Reades dLlrl—flauehter)—but which was known to the Smye« ^ Stiukfield, in winch locality Mr. Reade was, through a motion of his, prevente ,-fro.n keeping pigs. This was the cause of . antagonism which Mr. Keade displayed . :Wm (Mr. Ke^e: "It's false.") acain that was the only dispute ' , *•"<) himself had had. He had ' Mid through the Council thre- this teirolvlUon the simple explanat^ . -^ thrvt was ... i,;„, v -,.s» Vix Mh Iw.-uwi op ?°1?1 ihem » ^ 1,c ^ v.° -insured ' V& Ui«* Ih# t\Vo years, but this t n.v ' 'Caused him the slight es„ of Pe£t*;fc. lie was under no co'mpli 111 to Mt, Rcfide-, he had always been able to pay fe3s «'Ay, :«id ho did not care for anv He iisui simply done what he consh'et-tu to be liis duty iin getting this resolution \Yassed, and, if necessary, he would AgSAiv perform that duty, for his vote was not be bought by any man. He had been a member of the Council for seven years, and he had always done what he thought was right, and if he were a member for sewn years longer, he would continue the samo course. Mr. Reade proposed tho nctt toast, namely, "The Magistrates." Ho said he proposed this itoast willingly notwithstanding that ho knew <Cr. Trumble w»a a magistrate. As a public anan he said he paid Mr. Trumble thtt Respect 'that was due to him, but ns a individual ''lie left hiin alone. But he ta d Mr. Trumble ■had not spoken correct;y when he said the cause -of their dispute Was the question of his dis ability to keep pigs, If this had been the case "his grievance would have been against the . •'Council, and not against Cr. Trumble. Ho explained what he alleged to be the real Treason, stating that it originated in an election ■contest in which Mr. Trumble had been de "f«atecL He entered into this matter at con siderable length, relating all the details in con nection with the dispute, and wlnin he had concluded Cr. Trumble ropKcd in somewhat warm terms. Subsequently, the toast having, in tho mean time, been drunk, Messrs. J. T. Caldwell and James Anderson, Js, P., responded, Mr. F. II. Ellis responding oil behalf of Mr. Cogdou, the police magistrate. Mr. P. Miller proposed '' The Mining Interests of Victoria," and the tosst having been duly -honored, Mr. Caldwell responded. Cr. Green proposed the toast of "The Com ijnercial and Agricultural Interest," which was • responded,to by Mr. James Hay and Cr, Hall. Mr. Harris proposed " The officers of the •boroitgh," and in tho course ot his remarks : Ipassed a high' eulogy 011 tho employes of the ■Council, and tho town qlork (Mr-. To^hurst) particularly. -Mr. Tolhurst replied at some length, turning the opportunity to advantage by dealing with some remarks that had been made by Cr. Lester at the Council meetinc; earlier i'A the day. He explained that his only motiVo in en deavoring to ascertain how Cr, Lester intended to vote was tho wish to arrange matters as satisfactorily as possible, and prevent, if ^oS sible, any unpleasant feeling arising aitf^gSt the members of the Council. Messrs. Miller, N. Walker, ANil E. R. Gilling ham also responded. Tho Mayor propo*ik\ "Tho miners of Eagle hawk," which was duly responded to. The toast o£ " The Press " followed, and this having been duly responded to, the proceedings terminated. 