SKETCHES OF MELBOURNE LIFE AND CHARACTER. v | No. I.— A RATTING MATCH. j The instincts of man in the direction of sport i are ineradicable. They are shared alike by the j savage and the civilised being — the former per- : haps being urged by the additional incentive of : hunger to hunt down the wild animals of the j forest, ana capture the fish of the stream. With civilised man, however, " sport," as it is called, Satisfies all those innate yearnings of his nature j which have been inherited from his primitive I | ancestors. The nobleman who rains himself i j upon the turf, or breaks his neck in the hunting- j ' field, is only indulging those instincts which ani- j mate the Sioux or the Chippewa to risk the perils of a buffalo hunt or an encounter with a grizzly. The love of sport is the one savage element of j our nature which civilisation has not eradicated. : It leads men of culture, refinement, and wealth i to leave all the comforts of their position to en- idure the toil, dangers, and privations of the ; prairie and the forest, as it leads them to the most extravaeant excesses upon the turf or at jthe gaming-table. , With high and low, sport is popular. If my lord keeps his stud or his hounds, Giles keeps his bull pup or his fancy pigeons. If the Honourable Lord Tomnoddy loses his thousands !at loo or roulette, Jack Jones risks his crown ipiece on the result of a ratting match, or the thrilling pastime of " three up. 'Tie all one — j " sport" is the motive-power which moves broad- ; cloth and fustian, blue blood and the coarser paddle of "the masses" — to the indulgence of this one savage instinct, which has withstood all the teachings of the schools, all the reproofs of philosophy. But what has all this to do with Tom Gurney's rat-pit? A great deaL You, oh impatient reader, who can regard the glory of the sun as its last rays are cast athwart afield of corn, and mark not the golden, shimmering blaze of light which is reflected, but rather calculate the num ber of bushels to the acre which that field of corn shall produce— you, sir, sec not things as I see them. God bless my soul 1 you are one of thousands who daily pace the street with no other thought than that of business or pleasure, who never see in each face you pass some foed for speculation — some motive for subtle thought. Yoq, therefore, will scarcely understand ne when I say that when I visited Tom Qurney's rat- pit it was from no love of tips particular sport of ratting, but from $ desire to find fresh matter for rejection — fresh study of my kind. This said, I proceed. A Moid of mine, af flicted with an intense passion for " sport " of all kinds, from " pitch and toss to. man slaughter," who never misses a race- meeting, however remote ; who can foil his ten pigeons out of thirteen at trapfiye times out of six ; who can knock oyer a jack snipe on the windiest day ; who pan ride to hounds as well as Mr. 0b- baldistoue or Sir Tatton Svkes ever rode— this gentleman, among other varieties of his sporting pastimee<xrantetbat of . the ra&pifc; -.if Meeting- him a few evenings back, he asked me whither I was going. " Nowhere," said I, gloomily enough— for no- where is a very vague and uncertain destination for a man hipped and out of sorts. " Nowhere 1" he eehoed. " That's a denoed long journey. Come along with me, my son, and I'll show you some fun." Willing enough, I linked my arm in his, and walked away with him. He turned down Swans- ton street, and into Little Bourke street. " Hulloa !" said I ; " this is a queer place to see fun. Remember I'm a respectable member of society, the father of a family, a " . "Bah !" said my sporting friend. " What's all that to do withit ? Don't you scribble for th® papers? Aren't you a servant of the' public ? Isn't it your duty to see life, in the interests of the public ? But that's enough ; and her® we are." ; With this, he led me through a side door into the passage of a tavern situated near the back entrance of the Theatre RoyaL " Well, Tom, my hearty 1" said my sporting friend, addressing a fresh- coloured, good-looking I young man of thirty or so. " What's on to night ?" " The usual thing, sir," said the person ad dressed; "skittles and rats, rats and skittles. I There's a match between One-eyed Tommy's dog, I ' Nipper," and Bald-headed Dick's slut, "Snap." I " That's cheerful news," said my friend. " A I couple of nips, Tom, of the right sort for my I friend and inyself ; and what'll you have your- I "kis my friend, Tom, who writes for I the Dress — a very intelligent person, Tom, albeit I there are some two or three things he's not fly I to, although they're under his nose." j A peculiar odour of dogs and ferrets rata I and native bears — which I afterwards found to I emanate from the cages in which those interest- I ing specimens of the animal kingdom were con. I fined — being just then wafted from the Lack I yard, my friend's final observation wpjj prac. I tically illustrated. I sniffed, as people will when j their olfactories are assailed by novel and power- | ful stimulants. Mr. Tom Gurney smiled. I "You smell 'em, eh ?" said he. " Well it's I nothin' when you're used to it. I don't it I a hit. In fact, I rather think I should miss it if I I gave up the house, and went to reside else- I where." I "T /Inn 'f rlnnlif if " aoi/1 T -a.) lUPUVttUJ vUTolIlg the fate which had led me to encounter my friend. " I'm sure J should ;" and I drank my P.B. as a corrective. I would have departed, at all hazards, had not the sudden thought eome to me that here I might be enabled to observe some new phases of life, some fresh and novel illus trations of character ; so, choking back my re- i pugnance, I followed my friend and the landlord to the back premises. I, In the yard, and underneath the portion of | the building in which, as I was informed, the arena wherein the great battles between dog and rat, and ferret and rat, were fought, a num ber of men were busily engaged in a game of L skittles. Now,«kittles and beer are inseparably .associated, mid so it was no matter of surprise to me to remark that the gentlemen whom I .observed were, for the most part, of a very beery description. You can always mark your man of beer. He is puffed and bloated abont the face, and his figure, in the region of his r waist-belt, usually looks unnaturally distended. His eyes, too, are generally floating in a filmy sea ; somewhat as oysters appear as they are I taken from the shell, and deposited in a basin I in their own liquor. Afi these outward and visible signs characterised the company of I which I was now an observer ; while their I hoarse and husky voices, as they shouted forth I their Temarks upon the game, with many choice and vigorous adjectives in emphasis, were no I less indicative of their bibulous habits, and the I nature of the liquor with which they indulged I them. I: A motley crowd. The dullest might bve I discerned among them many a fellow wiVn the I brand of Pentridge upon his brow. The dullest I might have marked in the coai-ge and sullen I countenances of the majority that they belonged I to the great army of Ishmaelites, whose hands I are against all men, and who, like rats driven I into a corner, will often turn and bite their I fellows in their rage and impotent despair. I Some there were, as I observed; who seemed of I a better type; fast young tradesmen, appren- I tices, and such like ; but even these were not I; exempt from a certain slinking, half-defiant |; half cringing air which was the general charae Iteristic of the company. As we passed by, I they eyed us with curiosity not wholly devoid I of suspicion ; and some muttered to others, and I' gazed after us sullenly, as though to say we had I no right to trench upon their domain. I " How do you manage them," I asked the I landlord. " Bless you, easily enough," he replied. " They re quiet enough. When there's A 1YMT ; I put a stop to it. Besides, they know it isn't ; worth their while to get into my black books. Here's the stair. Up yon get, gentlemen." Ascending to an apartment of some extent, we found ourselves before the rat-pit ; a circular enclosure, around whieh were gathered some thirty or forty personages of the various types of the sporting fraternity. Here J recognised a> bookmaker ; there a well-known sporting grocer. The clean-shaven visage of a stable boy of my acquaintance next struck my eye. Near to him I observed a law clerk whom I knew, a gentleman who, like the eminent Mr. Wemick in " Great Expectations," indulges tastes in private life which are at strange variance with the pursuits of his profession. He is a dog fancier, and possesses, I suppose, as unique a collection of canine perfection as could be found in any of the colonies. It is no wonder, there fore, that I meet him here to-night. Presently, a personage in corduroys and dingy white shirt makes his appearance, carrying a cage in which are confined some doron or so of rats. His advent is hailed with a murmur of applause, and every person's gaze is fixed with eager scrutiny upon the unhappy as he releases them from the cage, and casts them into the " arena." As though conscious of the fate which awaits them, they run timorously around the pit, many endeavouring to escape up the sides. They are strong fat rats, and I ask the proprietor how he manages to keep up a suddIv 41 Lord bless you," he answers, "easv etjpugh. There's four or five fellows who make their living catching rats— ah ! and not a bad living either. These fellows here come from t he abattoirs on the Saltwater River." Here a bandy-legged personage, with but one eye — into which, however, the fire of dozen had been concentrated— arrived upon the Bcene. He carried under his arm a terrier do® which animal, as I gathered from the suppressed mHrnfppawtien roaudme,» -wan celebrated " Nipper,, " He s killed his forty rats a minute, he n whispered a hoarse man with rum-laden breath, aud he's agoin' to win this match, he is. You lay on him, marster." As he spoke, a till and. wiAlawnhpty-'Innlting man with the unmistakable air of the tailor, made his appearance, also carrying a dog under his arm. This animal, as I learned, was the no less celebrated " Snap." " Which is agoin' to settle the hash of the 'other dawg," said a gentleman with a week's beard on his chin, "as Fm game to fey a fiver on." " Tm your man," cried my neighbour. " If the dawg don't beat the slut into chips, IU eat him. There ! Nothin' could be fairer nor . that. Show us your flimsies." Leaving these two enthusiast® to settle their wager, I devoted my attention to the proceed ings in the rat-pit. A gentleman with a velvet waistcoat was appointed time-keeper and judge, ana. with all the pomp and circumstance befit- mg his high office, was duly installed in a chair placed on an elevation. A referee having been next selected, the sport commenced. The ardent Nipper," whose eyes glowed with frenzy, and who Had. been eagerly struggling in the arms of his owner, was dropped into the midst of the rate. He certainly went about his work in a most artistic manner. ' Ufa fashion was to bite his prey on the back of their necks,- and ifling them in the air; hat occasionally some stout old rat evaded tins summary proceeding, and seizing his enemy by the nose held on most pertinaciously. Then would "Nipper" grind his prey against the floor until he persuaded fcim "to give up his hold ; when, with a more than ordinary ferocious snap he would settle him effectually. In this manner he soon disposed of his proportion; and then sat down on his haunches amidst the corpses of his enemies, and looked, for all the world, the conqueror he was. I forget tb.e time in which the eminent " Nipper" acoomplished this feat ; all I do know is, that the, company were either influenced by the highest or the lowest spirits during the per formance The man with the spirituous breath demanded from the man with unshaven jowl "how he felt," and "wouldn't he l1 - a lay it on again," with such like derisive Observations ; to all of which the man with un shaven jowl responded by growling that " time "would show, and the game wasn't np jet by a long way," at which the other gentleman laughed scornfully, and echoed, " Time I" several times, with superlative contempt. And now the bloody field was cleared of dead, «nd a fresh supply of rodents was cast cast into tuhe pit for the delectation of the gentle " Snap." This creature, in whom the unshaven one seemed to centre all his thought and interest, was an ugly brute with a cut lip. and most sinister ex- pression of countenance — attributes, however, ' which seemed to enhance her value in the opinion of the spectators, many of whom could sot withhold their expression of admiration. At this, the unshaven gentleman cast a triumphant glance at the personage with whom he had laid the wager, and exclaimed — "It's not all up yet, you see !" — a hint to which the latter turned a deaf ear, and loudly declared his wil lingness to " bet agin the slut, a gov' or two with anyone." Ne one taking his offer, the gentle " Snap" -was let into the pit. The natural ferocity of this animal was now fully illustrated. If ever dog enjoyed itself, this particular beast did so on this occasion. There was an epicurean relish in the manner in which " Snap" disposed of the unfortunate rats. Her cut lip curled with a aavage joy, as one by one, in an incredibly short time, gave np the ghost in her accomplished jaws. The gentleman who had so triumphantly heralded the superiority of the agile " Nipper," was now observed to become ominously silent, while the unshaven personage became suddenly jubilant. And when the time-keeper proclaimed that " Snap" had wen the match by " arf a minute, gents," the fetter's joy broke forth in a torrent of sarcasms directed at his opponent. " Ain't you sorry you spoke," said he. " Oh, no, of course not. 'And us the stakes, mister. Don't the look cocky. He was agoin' to win hevrythink afore him, he was, with his daws Nipper.' But he aint got much to say now ; not he, and he ain't got much reason" — at which the other, growling something about punching heads, retired to the bar to console himself with a nobbier. Several other ratting matches coming off, the ferrets were introduced. I own to a hatred of these creatures, and that my sympathy went with the rats. The sneaking, persistent manner in which the ferret chases down the rat, and, catching it, grips it by the throat and throttles it, reminds me of the detective or sheriff's officer hunting down a criminal or debtor. I was glad to turn my back nponthe "sport," and freshen my imagination and my spirits with a draught of Tom Gurney's very excellent ale. My friend the sportsman expressed himself as having been highly pleased. ' 1 But -you don't seem to tbinlr much of rat- ting," he observed to me. ' My friend," I answered, " no doubt it is an admirable sport— for those who like it. I have heard of a man who relished bad oysters ; of another who delighted in bad eggs ; I know several who eat very high game. My tastes, however, run in a different direction. They are simple tastes. I like brown bread and butter aud salad, and detest your made dishes " — and here I nodded, and said good-night. As I left him, I observed that he was regard ing me with a scrutinising look ; then that he shook his head and turned away thoughtfully, and I have since heard that he has expressed an opinion that I am slightly mad. So I may be ; but I have not come to such a pitch of insanity as to find delight in a battle between rats and dogs, or rats and ferrets. FLANEUR. 1' the Nor.— A Scotch cadger, in hawking bis fish through the country on a warm sunny day, found that they were getting soft, flabby, and out of condition. In order to make them look plump, he stuffed his codfish with grass from the wayside. This had a magical effect. They sold readily. His next visit caused many inquiries to be made as to the cause of so much grass being within. " Weel, to be plain wi' y c, " quoth the cadger, " it's the same on sea as on fend i' the 'nor' ; hungry fish, like hungry cattle, are glad to eat anything." Flobilot !— Fob the Tekth asd Bbeatb. — A few drops of the liquid " Floriline " sprinkled on a wet t joth-brush produoes a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or im purities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops de cay gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly- whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all 11Pria»Lmii». odour arising from decayed teeth or to bacco smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline," b«mg com nosed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delimons to the taste, and the greatest toOat discovery oftheage. Price, 2a. 6d., of all Chemists and PerfumaA. Pre pared by Hubi C. (feLLur, 498 Oxford street. London. 