r ( GMjLIST. j .rjL-i'.u.:-.:, t.... November I. . .. . , DWJT OOKBESPONtlBKTi) s, rSince mylajt communication we have tbeen undergoing rathet a trying^tilne of ^t,: for, duriug :the latter «ndof. last ? weel: i-we were enjoying all the genialities of 1 . glorious.-.spring and something - more, jis fduring parts of the day ,we were up to summer heat, and summers-clothing was : beoomnag a necessity when lo ! . the wand j of the eijohanter created a complete transfoirmati^n3 for.this weak we are sufferiuoall the irjgours of. midwinter, j blowing ."great guns," with intermittent -snow falls,. and,icicles sir or seven inches long, banging to the eaves of houses, evepathe ghost in:Hamlet.could not "chili-our jronng blood" more effectually The " rush " to the head waters of thfe .Nioholeon, mentioned in my last; was the means ,<if Tmsettling - a portion " of our tpopulation, sundry of them .making-:-their way there, but their experiences of'the j)lace have not been encouraging, the majprity. of them-having retumed and give veiy iad accounts of the place. One pariywe:-hear«f havingvery- siiooeesfuily 8.uppeeded« losing himself and horse,-Jlie quadrupBdnot havingsmcebeen heard of; l?ttt,-we.Jh.ear of one individual hailmg from jfche Dargo Mjt, -who baBf coDimunicated . by letter with his friends to the cflccttliat le had atruok good gold; . ! r As mentionedr ui my last; 1 Thursday Was big with.sthe fate of tlie Jewellers Shep, for on that day this. men decided among themselves;-not ; ;to . de any '-niBre iivartein tke/mme, ! and-all work lias since |>een snBpended. n Not-very- enCouraging thjB after 28 montlis laborious progressive •work. Our mining affairs, taken m gross;" are at present-m a very depressed state' " all • gomg out and nothing coming m," arid we (ire !5.fuTly 'realising -the inconvenience's nsuaUyattendant-on the impecunious i cort ; flltion of the miners-chamois -- Parties in the habit of forwarding post 1 agesstamps enclosed m envelopes through tlas=post-o&ce;,-lad need' use - some perfume to disguise the fact; for in England it seems the'extracting of the stamps lias bfeea seduced to-a' proboscidian art- • 'For it is recorded as bemg given in evidence lately 33e£ore a .British Parliamentary committe, that •". postmen pan by the smell 1 djsteftiletters coptainingstamps " 