i^ AMERICAN NEWS. h' fl?JlOM OUR OWN .CORRESPONDENT.] New York, 22nd January. The Presidential election, or rather the failure to elect a President, is still the all-absorbing topic throughout the country,' and exciting as have been the other incidents of the past month the question as -to which of the two rival candidates is to wield the destinies of the United'Stateg for the next four vears has never once ceased to occupy the attention of the people. A large majority have always maintained that the dispute would bo settled peaceably ; tho price of gold, which has steadily fallen ever since the commencement of December, the high price of American securities, both at home and abroad, all point to the same conclusion. But a large minority appeared to dread that the violence of their leaders would prqeipitate a crisis, and that the mistaken loyalty of the people to their party woqW bring about a conflict which might assume dimensions as large us the war of secession. It is gratifying to be able to state that all attempts to inflame the popular mind have so far igno miniously failed. But there hag been no lack o£ such attempts. The more extreme Democratic papers, especially those published south of Mason and Dixie's line, preach the sacred duty of resistance if Hayes be inaugurated; the investi gating committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, actuated by the zeal of partisans, and forgetting that they wero judges, have ob tained just the sort of evidence which they do sired in order to fortify their foregone conclu sions, and have returned to Washington without i having ? elicited ' a single new fact in jLoubiapa' and Elorida. The extreme Re ipublicans . continue, to insist that tho .Vice-president' of the Senate is the master of the situation, and' that he has no power to do more : than: declare tha|i Mr.' Hayes, having 185 yotes, is thereby elected. Extreme Domocrats urge that, in the event of a dispute, the House can ?do as it, pleases, and that its well-known pro clivities would compel it to vote for Tilden. The imost violent have gone so far as to urge that if Hayes bo inaugurated at Washington Tiltfen must be inaugurated at New Yoik, and the system of double government already introduced into South Carolina and Louisiana should bo extended to the national capital. But I .do. not think' these extreme views nnd many sympathisers. The series of mass meetings which were to have been hold' .throughout the Union on 8th January have' ?been ignominious Jiascosx which the proposal that. .100,000 men should march in Washington and overawe the Senate has met with but few sym- ?pathisers, and has beea especially frowned upon ,by Mr. 'filden himself. . '' , ' :| ?' _.'?'- \ I The joint, committee, of (. the. 'two, ,'IJouses. td; 'which has beea deputed the t$?k of qgieavoring to make a compromise has brought pp a report jwhich proTides that all disputed returns shbjj^tl be handed over to. a .body composed of five senators, five members of the.:iSenal& and five, ;i-?'Jcgs of the Supreme. Court of the TJiuted States^ EepubHcanBana^^O^^a16 to be equally repre...... sented among the political m'emoeTs^of the lioJt'-' itiibunal, and supposing— ,o£ wjiich tter.tfis little'. ;doubt— that each [politician .Will see through the political' spectacles' of his pattyj theoteBult willbe to band the dooision over to the five1 judges, who [are to have full powers^ both as. xegards the law land theiacts, ta determine whollier or not they can go behind the decision of the returning boardB , which have given Louisiana and Florida to Hayesi and .'?'wKffljfer''1 this; Democratic' electors from , pregop, weie.prp^QVly., elected,, and!th'erefor6 had ! any,(rightto vote. .;It J3 generally thpught cifcher that the tribunal; will give i?Jorida-to,Tilden, and thus settle the difficulty, or«Jse that the disputed i States will be struck out altogether, in which j case neither candidate would h'ave'a maiarityv and i the House of Hepresentativea wfittid; prbtfeeoTla cJe&t; a presidentand tbe Senate a vicd- preaident, aYe'sult which would- givdthe one otlice toAIr,! Tilden and.the other to Mr. Wheeler;' That. the: Republican pdrty sBould assent t» a ph»n which seems likely to deprive them of S victory to which'y under the letter df the law they are entitled, is a tribute to tdeir patribtism. Bnb-'tbey^ or at ?ally rate a largo section, feel that in the' present state of tho country anything, is' better' Lban tho inauguration of ft presiilontaliout whoso' title to the otlice there exists any doubt, and the probabilities are* tbas the Compromise Bill will . pass both Houses, and receive the President's ?assonc witmn aiew uayp. .;?? For there is no doubt that the country is in the midst of a crisis which is testing to the utter most the solidity of its institutions. South Carolina no longer enjoys the unenviable condi tion of being the only State which had a double government. Louisiana has followed its example. The returning board, which is the properly and legally instituted authority, gave to tho State a Republican executive and a Republican legisla ture. The Republican governor, Mr. Packard, was inaugarated, and commenced to exercise the fuctions of chief magistrate, the legislature meeting in the capitol ; the Democratic members set up a- legislature of their own* which declared tbat ttteiir ^idttttte-;- Mr..NMiIolh;^as'entitlttl:to t»j« gisVernoiisDiii,. aftd-- proofcetieil -to- JDauguioto;iiiu.i The de facto and de jure governor had the control of the courts of law, the police, the' State militia and tho Treasury. But the Democrats were not afraid of tbe odds. The Democratic Legislature ap pointes judges and other officials from the 'ranks of their own party, levied taxes, and with tho aid of the numerous secret societies which are the curse of Louisiana as of the other Southern States, obtained possession of the capitol, and made the lawfully appointed Governor a prisoner, in his own house. The United States have not interfered ; and although tho President has directed the officer in command to recognise Go» vernor Packard, if it be absolutely necessary to recognise either Governor, it is quito clear that the Washington authorities are desirous of keep ing entirely out of the qurrol, if by any possibi-; lity they can do so, even if Louisiana drift into anarchy. Personal experience and observation : within tbe last month has convinced mo of the truth of the statements made by tho Northern Republicans, that tho South j from Virginia to Texas, is in a condition of veiled rebellion. The' white population are determined to reduce the' negroes to a condition very little better than that which they formerly occupied. f\ ho law confers' upon them the right of suffragey-BUt the whites are determined that they shall not exercise tbat right unless they vote as their masters bid them. Everything like equality between tho two races is laughed at with scorn throughout the South; and the most ignorant white loafer^ too lazy to work, but not too proud to steal, treats- the beet edu cated and the most industrious negro just as a Norman baron would have behaved to any un fortunate. Jew banker whom be might have got into his clutches. The insolence with which the colored races are treated in some Southern States, the brutality which they encounter in others, are enough to make one's blood boil. That God created of one flesb, and in his own image, the whole human race meets with very little practi cal belief in the Solid South, But although in a state of veiled rebellion, the Southern leaders have no intention whatever of imitating the mis. take into which they fell in 1861. They know very well that anything like secession would array the North against them; and their policy is therefore to abstain from augbt which would bring them intq contact with the Federal authorities. To all entreaties that they should take a promi nent part in displays of physical force, with the view of overawing tho Republicans, the Southerners have retorted that Mr, Tilden is the pet of the Northern Democrats, who must do whatever is required to be done ; and they have made merry at the expense of persons who are invincible in peace andjravisible in war. The South hopes to make the Northern Democrats pull its chesnuts out of the fire, and is content to allow their Northern brethren to adminiator the affairs at Washington if only it can have supreme control over tho State legislature. All that the Southern white requires from Washington ia that it will lot him ' bulldoze ' and bully, hang, shoot or threaten the uufortunate negro without any interference. It may well be doubted whether tho Southern negroes, as a race, have gained much by emancipation. A few oi them have arisen to positions of eminence, several hundreds to posts of respectability, a considerable number of the younger members of tho race have enjoyed tbe blessings of a rudi mentary education. But tho only liberty which millions of the negroes now enjoy is liberty to starve ; the contemptuous indifference with which they were formerly regarded has been suc ceeded bypoaitivo aversion. The North has but half done its work. It has passed wise laws for th'e benefit of tho negro race, but ib has not taken precautions to see that thoy are vigorously and honestly administered. The darkest hour of night is just beforo the. dawn, and tho narrow and dangerous pas-iage over which the great Republic is now passing is but the portal to fairer and moro ?sunny pathways. The presidential muddle1 will lead to a less complicated .and more satis factory method of electiac a president, and the jgreat probability is that the electoral college will !be abolished, and that the period for which a ;prepident holds offi.ee will be extended, since it is upt thought wiEo that this country should be shaken to its. foundations every four years. The icojrruption .in high places, the .virulence of the professional politicians, hungry fox place, patron age and plunder will probably result in tho ap- . poiutmoat of a pormauont civil service appointed jag. in England, by competitive examination, and the attempts of tho Southerners to regain their [lost empire over their colored servitors has only ;to be roaliscd by tho North and the West to be promptly put down. I have no fear but that ialSli'?* willifrom the nettle dagger pluck the flower, safotj, *]?b.ough the effort nlay prove Idangerous and expensive. ???'?i ; ] 'Tho' weather 'during thdpa^t month has been extremely severe, and there 'bag been1 great loss of .life from shipwreck upoh the.AUantic coast. The jniost terrible catastrophe has been a railway acci. dent, occurring on the Lake Shore Line, at Ashta Jbula Creek, near Cleveland, 'Ohio, on the 29th iDecember, which cost eighty persons' tDeir lives, j and has seriously injured nearly as many more. ;The night was intensely cold, and the permanent ; way so- blocked with snow that* wo locomotives had to be employed. The creek was crossed by | an iron truss bridge, very similar, in external ap | peafance and about as lonely as tfiat by whioh the North-eastern Railway passes : over the Goul ?11UVA 5ie km Saa skvciug in OTder la istop atT the station, whien was only a Icoiiijle of hundred .yafdff beyond the, bridge. : iSuauenly, and without a wotd of warning, it ;gave way. Tha leading ? locomotive was already ? over j: the rest of Ihe train was precipitated into ? the abyss below. Carriages, locomotives, human ' bcidiesi baggtfge, , -broken wood and iron were injixed up in. indescribable confusion; Some' poor wfetpbes were drowned in the' water,' ;others killed by the fall, some, it is feared, -were burnt, for the stoves in tbe carries cdugbt : fifCf and ati additional borror'wns added. Many of the passengers escaped, ethers' were rescued by the survivors, but it ii known, that* including employes, there wore 150 p«jrsous in, the train, and of that jiu tuber only seventy were saved, several of whom ; have since died from their injuries. Investigations have been held into the cause of the disaster. Tho coroner has sat in the usual:, way, and more scientific inquires have been instituted by 'the railway company and by the Government of the State of Ohio. But Uw exact cause of tbe catas^ trophe has not been discovered. It is of. couibo conjectured that there waa ai weak place some where in tbe bridgo— which, however, bad stood' for eleven years'— and that tbe extrnnety .low ? temperature on Xbb aightcf tbajiaajkntrfiad, bj; otnitractmg .tlio iron, virJortofierf ils;we6knfesB.( Bat alJ re^conjucfeow, and the.jsnly .dasBon- toafeiit) by tbe AafrtabBk ^uoflUa iBiibdimsw ixUff*! should be more frequently inspected than is the case in America, where passengers are pretty much at the mercy of the great railway com panies. . Commodore Vandorbilt, who, to paraphraso Charles Dickens, may fairly lay claim to be tho roost remarkable man in tlio country, died on 4th January. For months past, tbe old gentleman has been upon what was known to be his death bed, but tho extraordinary strength of his constitution, and caroful nursing, enabled to livo much longer than his physi ? cians expected. For months past the symp toms of Vanderbilt were bulletined by the daily press like those of a monarch or a primo minis ter, and tho fact of his approaching dissolution was universally known throughout America. Commodore Vanderbilt, who was in overy rospoct a self-made man, died worth about twenty millions sterling. Some years ago ho endowed the Uuiversity of Nashville, Tennessee, at a cost !of £200,000, and ho has since presented to the ; clergyman under whom he sa.t, the church in ! which he worshipped. But with the exception of afow legacies, tho groat woalth acquired, by tho commodore has been kept in hi3 family. Cornelius Vandorbilt was born at Staten Island, near Now York, in May, 1794, and was, thereforo, in his eighty- third year at the timo of his death. . His father was a small farmer, and the first occu pation which the young man followed was tbat of conveying by water, tho produce of tho pater ? nal farm to the New York markots. As Vander bilt grew older he became an expert boatman, and almost the first money that ho ever possessed was gained for carrying provisions to tho forts in Now York harbor, which, during the war of 1812, wero beloaguered. by tho British fleot. Vanderbilt was one of tho iirst men in America to foresee the extent to which tho dis covery of Watt and Fulton would revolu tionise maritime- affairs, and early in the century ho commanded, a steamer which plied from New York to New Brunswick in New Jersey, filling up his time and adding to his in . come by keeping an hotel, at which many of tho steamboat passengers passed the night after they had left the vessel. From these humble begin nings Vandorbilt gradually acquired boats of his own. At the age of thirty-five, having become worth about £6000, ho built his first steamer, tho Caroline In a fow years he had tbirty-oight. In 1850 he opened up a traffic across tho Isthmus of Panama, by which he made vast sums of money, and in 1862 ho presented to the United States Government his private yaoht, tho Vander bilt, which had co3t him £160,000. Gradually the Commodore dropped steamers and. went into railways, and acquired large interests in several important linos. It is by his railroad man agements, and by his operations in Wall-street, that tbo old gentleman was best known : not as speculator or jobber— Vanderbilt would not allow either the bulls or the beats to feed upon \- the lines in which ho was interested, and any person who ventured to ' sell short' or play other tricks in Harlem or Now York Central was protty sure to bite his fingers. Commodore Vanderbilt was likewise a largo holder of street railways, and somo of the more important and profitable lines in New York are his private pro perty. Ouside his business, the two great passions of Commodore Vandorbilt were whist and trot ting horses, and many, good stories aro told in connection with both of those hobbies. Without being cither a tender-hearted or a charitable man, Commodore Vanderbilt has done a great deal of good both to bis country and to his generation. He was not a mere money grubber, but a man of brains and enterprise. Everything which he touched was well managed, and rail way travellers have reason to bless the day that the old commodore left the sea and went into : locomotives. During his last illness tho Vander bilt delvoloped. a considerable taste for religious literature, and became espocially fond of Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress. The greater por tion of the property passed into tho hands of his eldest son. Duels, although unfrequent in America, are so much more common there than elsewhere that the excitement caused by an encounter in the field of honor within the past few days soems a little remarkable. But the position of one of the parties was exceptional. James Gordon Bennett, the proprietor of the New York Herald, is one of Ihe beat known men in America. Pos sessed of great wealth and considerable abilities, Mr. Bennett, jun., would have managed to Hvo down, tho evil reputation which ho had in herited, along with better things, from his : father, and occupy a very honorable position, were it not for bis occasional indulgence in drink, upon which occasions he behaves like a ruffian' of the lowest and most degraded [ type. Mr. Bennett is, however, popular BincDgst' his associates, and he has found heaps of young ladies willing to share his for tunes. Thero 13 scarcely a Dall-room hack in ? New York, scarcely a young lady who aspires to ibe thought a hello, with whom James Gordon i Bennetts name has not been, somo time or ' another, coupled. Upon six several occasions ho ;has been engaged, one of his fiances being no less a pergpn than Viscountess Mandovillo, the ?'future; Duchess of. Manchester. Some months ! ago Bennett became. tho accepted lover of Miss jMay, the daughter of a physician, who, haying iinade some money in Washington, commenced practice in 'New York. It does not appear that the male members of tbe family were at all enamored of the engagement, but tho mamma allowed her admiration for Mr. Bennett's wealth to blind her to his many defects of character. The newspapers contained, from time to time, ;glowing accounts of Miss May's beauty, of the : value of the presents Mr. Bennett made her, and youug female America was driven almost out of lits'wits'by accounts of the troutstau. At -last' [the wedding day was fixed, and the bride, 03 is ;the custom in this country, arrayed in her regi mentals, stood in her father's drawingroom await ing the bridegroom. But he cometh not, and 8he a- weary, wedry wished that she wero dead. Next morning the lover called, apologised, and was for given. Another day was fixed. Tbis timo Bennett did comer but he had sacrificed so heavily to Bacchus tbat - he was in ne condition to go through the ceremony, and upon being gently re ;monstrated with he behaved in a manner that would have been considered brutal ;in a drunken costermonger. The patience of thft _Maya was exhausted, and one of the brothers cowhided Mr. Bennett on the following morning outside the Uuibn Club. A duel followed on the confines of the States of Delaware and Maryland, Bennett being ithe1 challenger, butneithor party was. hit, much; to the disappointment of the An- enMn public, whioh has bad its . curiosity etcited, aid, r*buld Jttre JjecB better content a ' otoexT. DoJli^pajtiira baU titltfl the dust,^ Mean while, Bennett bft»€«-e.t*.ibudoiu9 anoitificatfon. I in Europe, and May is keeping out of the way of tho Novr York police The ghost of the Boechor scandal is virtually laid, Moulton and Tilton having abandoned all further proceedings ; and Mr. Boecher is preach* ingaway at Plymouth Church with unabated popu larity. The prices realised at tho recent annual sale of seats, however, shows that tho receipts are not as good as during former years, and in order to keep up his income Beeeuor, like Tilton, Victoria Woodhull and other notabilities, is compelled to utilise his notoriety by travelling from city to city as a locturor on the nights, when he has no clerical engagement at Brooklyn.. ? On the platform Mr. Boecbor, not only because of his abilities, but for his reputation, is a sore draw, and bi3 pUTse, depleted by law Buits, ia being rapidly replenished. A convention of womon who are desirous of obtaining the snfi frago has been sitting at Washington, and intor« viewing various senators and representatives. It was thought tb.tt as tho claims of women to tho suffrago formed part of the Republican platform, that the present was a favorable oppor. tunity for engineering tho causo through Congress. But tho ladies have met with little or no support, for the present excited state of tho public mind is not favorablo for the discussion of abstract principles. Some of tho best speakers connected with tho movement havo addressed public meet ings at Waahiugton, aud. thoy havo cortainly shown stroDg reasons why womon should be allowed to bocomo clorgymon and Jawyersf although they have not beon so successful in establishing their right to the franchise. Washington has been unusually gay this season? Nero fiddled when Rome was burning ; Paria was brilliant during tho reign of terror ; and ill* natured pooplo say that the commander of tha forces gave somo very elegant although Barne* cido banquets during the siege of Lucknow. And so tho prosent crisis is taken advantage of bj persons who want to obtain a rcpntation as loaders of society, and balls, or Germans, as they aro tormed hero, dinner parties and receptions aro upon a scale o£ exceptional splendor. Tho grand particular lion of American societv at tho prosent moment is tho Russian Granu Duko Alexis, who ia bore with tho Russian floet, whicb, iu tho view o£ certain contingencies, has Bought tho friendly shelter of tho American waters, . The Pacific Mail Company are making edboQ changes in tho routo their steamers tako bo- tween San Francisco and Sydney. Their vessels will henceforth sail from Honolulu to Auckland, and from Auckland to Sydney, the Fiji Islands being loft out in tho cold altogether. Tha change will be a considerable boon to tho New. Zealand passongors, but it will lengthen tbo trip botween Sydnoy and Francisco by about 700 milea, and will necessitate a similar detour upon the Victorian passongors pnless some means are taken for establishing a direct lino between Melbonrne &&-{ Auckland. Tho Pacific Mail havo undertaken to run their steamcra at an increased rate of speed1.,' so that tho time occupied by tho passage will cot bo lengthened ; and I am convinced tbat they entertain bo high an opinion of the value of theii; Australian branch that overy effort will be mada to carry out thoir promise. Tho natural progTesg of events will probably materially lesson the timq occupied ia the passage between Australia and! Now York. Col, Scott, the president of tha Pennsylvania Railway, one of the best or« ganisod and managed companies in tha United States, has a achemo before Congress for constructing a line to San Diego, a point about 800 tniles south of San Francisco, Should the bill pass, and the line be. made, the distance betwoon Sydney and Now York will be reduced, by about 600 mile3. But long before tbat Tail* way cau bo opened tho running timo between Sap, Francisco and New York will be reduced from, seven and a half days, as at prcsont, to aboufc five. Altogether the prospects of the European, mails, or at least a portion of them, being .car*, ried from Melbourne- to London by way of! . Amorica aro brighter than thoyhave been at any previous periou oinco the project was firstj mooted, A determined effort will probably be made ifll Congress so soon as the Presidential difficulty ia settled, to obtain a reduction upon the present;, import duties upon Australian wool. ThemanQV facturers of New England and Pennsylvania are warmly in favor of tho proposition, and the only opponents are to be found amongst the repxe*. sentativc3 of Ohio, Indiana and the Pacific Slope,1 who believe that In the course of timo the sheep farmers of thoao states will bq ablo to rival those of Australia in tho production of fine wool, It is in vain to point out to them tbat an attempt to violate tho immutablo decrees of naturo must necessarily fail, and tbat eccblsg to roproduco in this sovero climate the resulta obtained in temperate and Bub- tropical Australia is as ridiculous as a proposal to supply tbo pwplo of Europe with tea and sugar grown in hot houses. The bucolic interest in America, like the bucolic interest everywhere else, ib fielSsbj. - sheepish and short-Bighted, and the concession to. American wool manufacturers and Australian' wool-growcr3, if made at all, will only be after ^ Bharp and sovere contest. ' , ? Some of, tho unemployed, and dissatisfied ? arli-£ sans and labprorg of Aworica aro being invited to, emigrate to Now South Walen, and a ship load . isr- to sail from New York to Sydney in tho course o£ a few days. The emigrants arc to pay £8 cacbl towards thoir passago, tho balance being defrayed^ by tho Government. Full information ?.bout tb.Q| rates of wages in Sydney have been publishedla, some of the Now York papers, but no .at-; tempt has beon made to show the advantages) to a working man which Australia possessed over America, advantages which arise, not so much from tho rate of remuneration, in tbo two countries, for wages are almost as bi|bt in New York as in Sydney or Melbourne, but from the lesser coat of living, and fjrom the milder climate, which enables persons to do with* out many articles which, are indispensable in a. country so cold a3 the northern portion of tb-j» United States, and thus allow out-door laborers and mechanics to work all the year instead of compolling them to onforced idleness durirjg the four or five months of frost and snow. The glories of the Centennial are over ; tho last packages have been removed, and tbe Ana* tralian officials havo either left tbe couDtrybr will take their departure in the course cf ,a few' days. Of tho Victoriau contributions to the, C«n» tcnnial, a portion kve beon sold, a portion are being returned to Melbourne, and; &, portion forwarded to the Agent-Gcneru at London. , Tho protective policy of the United Statics, while, ex*, tremely beneficial to the local manufacturers^ makes overy description of imported mejcbapdisa almost valueless, and tho net sums icalis-ad bjf the sale of the Victorian leather, twe«Je, toga and p»p«r haa not been very larger ? , -? 