THE NOVELIST. THE WILD AUSTRALIAN. [Br THE AUTHOR OF " THE SQUATTBB'S DREAM," &O.;] CHAPTER IV.-(CONTINUED) . Chester Pitt to Robert Hazelwood : « Pollvfihur, April 20,187-. " My dea^r Bob,-Some fellow, lately from home told me that he waa sure you were about to be mar ried, and that as the young lady was a great county heiress and so on-that very probably you wouh sell out. Very probably ! Who the deuce evei remained in India voluntarily when he had i chance of living anywhere else ? It is not so bat when a follow is young, but year by year the whole thing seems to grow more stale and unpro fitable. The climate hotter, tho enforced mono tonyinnd seclusion from decent society moro un endurable, the natives moro hopeless and irre claimable, tho whole land a gorgeous mausoleum, No wonder the Mogul Emperors and their sensa tional tyrants went in so largely for funereal architecture. Tho presumption of death in India is so much more likely to be realised than of living, that the former subject naturally monopolises all the interest that can bo spared from the intoler able heat. " Prom ali this, you may gather that I am just recovering from a severe bilious attack. Naturally, therefore, my sentiments have a yellowish tinge, like my countenance, at present. For all that, 1 congratulate you heartily, old fellow, and wish you all possible enjoyment of that favoured state and surroundings which are denied to me. I really believe, in another year or two, when I am due for my pension, that I shall follow your example. A mau at my age must either make up his mind to marry or to develop into a club-haunting con firmed old bachelor. I begin to feel the loneliness in health, and far more in sickness, which must be the portion of the unwedded. If one could only meet a well educated, cultured English girl, such as one reads a'iout, not a childish whirling cloud of lace and muslin, solely adapted to the dancing and flirting requirements of society, but a loomccn, whose resources would shield her against eunui while they aided her husband's worthy com panionship, in such a place as this, why I think that I, Chester Pitt, whilom ultra-cynical and dis trustful of tho marriage state, as illustrated in India, would venture upon the experiment. " In your case, my dear. Hazelwood, it is the most prudent and sensible thing possible. Some people would have said it was the first prudent stop you was over known to take. , But I refrain from any such ill-bred sarcasm. By the doctrine of matrimonial compensation, which I firmly be lieve in, I 'feel certain that the young lady will be \- exceptionally discreet, so that the dual existence, or joint-stock character in which the post-matri monial individual becomes merely a chief share holder, his individualism being absorbed and reap portioned, as it were, will be harmonious and effective. l am anticipating your news, you see. If I were sure you could pick out the right one', I would empower you to choose a nice brides maid, and send her out by next mail, to be married at sight. The draft will be honoured. But I doubt your-or any man's-judgment in the mat . ter of such a delicate consignment. Complications might arise, too, after the delivery of the goods on board ship. The article, too, could not be returned as not in accordance with invoice. ! "On the whole, perhaps, I may as well give I Time and the hitherto very easy- going guardian j angel of Chester Pitt another year. I must stay] out here five years longer, and I will ¿ot tantalise i myself with a sight ot the cool green valleys of E ngland : and the contemplative Booddhism of London Club life, before I can enjoy them for the remainder of my days. "For the present farewell. You will pass into the ranks of those happy men who have no his-; tory. I do not expect great regularity of corres pondence henceforth. Present me, cautiously, without exaggeration, but with deep respect, to Mrs. Hazelwood, inn. " Yours sincerely, "CHESTER PITT." Prom Philip Cherbury to John Bedwin : " Paris, 30th June, 187-. u My dear Jack,-It may be morally wrong for a man to write to his chum during his honey moon, but opportunity and temptation are not .wholly done with and put away, after the hap piest marriage. We are here, doing happiness ; and though no one, I distinctly assert, ever had so good a right to believe he had acquired the mono poly of that mysterious possession, yet there are moments-we will say half hours for argument's sake-when a little occupation does not come amiss. So, there being an hour to dinner-one does dine, strange as it may be thought-and niiladi having friends still unforgotten and requiring in formation and correspondence, I will just finish up, for your benefit, the historiette of Phil Cher bmy's bachelor life and times. "Tho twentieth of June did actually dawn, in spite of awful presentiments of death, delay, the touch of destiny's iron finger in a hundred ways. I used to lie awake imagining in how many differ ent modes a malign influence might be exerted. I felt as if the day would be fraudulently abstracted from the calender by the Clerk bf the Weather, or be claimed wholly by St. Swithen, or some other . untoward saint.' "Such things had happened to mar happiness supernal, too bright for earthly lot, in many ano ther man's case, why not in mine ? But the Fates were propitious ! "And on that wondrous, supernatural twentieth morn of that glad month of June, arose the sun in a sky such as is rarely seen above the vales and meads of merrie England. It was a day of days. Warm, cloudless, breezy, created for Australia's peerless spriug, then wafted o'er the charmed main ' to do honour to tho nuptials of ono of her least . worthy sons. " You remark a slight tinge of sentiment ? We can't heep up that pace. It was very jolly. Bob Hazelwoodas merry an ever ; he-said he believed he should never have another chance. And his charm ing bride, the very girl for him, and one who will keep niai-juBt moderate and for his good, yo know-in order. That sort of ' straight-lookinf would-you-explain-if-you-please' expression o her face kind of girl. But very pretty, high bree and then her heritage, it goes along the banks c 'Fame' or the Hazel, I believe; it was 4beautifi exceedingly' in tho eyes of the old Squire, bein one of the oldest and best estates in the country and just sufficiently joining Hazelwood to give til old gentleman an additional interest in life, 1 trying to buy up the intervening farms. "All the family friends were there, all th county magnates, even a Duke- perhaps the firs I had shaken hands with-a plainly dressed mar but looking like the real thing ; and of course few Australians, among them who do you think You'd never geuss-Jack Bulmer himself ! "Bob met him again in London,and would bav him dow, willy-nilly. Jack protested-said i was bad taste ; said ho hadn't courage to appea before tho relatives of a man he'd tried to shoot However it was all of no avail. Bob's demon ' conscious perhaps of imminent exorcism, wa strong within him. The consequence was tha Mr. John Bulmer, of Wando Vale, was an honouret gnest and much admired by the bridesmaid con tingent, who reflected that, after all, ho had 'stooc up' in defence of one of their sex. Jack is í grand stalwart-looking fellow, with a big blonc beard and bright blue eyes. It would seem thai these or other attributes commended him to mj wife's chief chum and correspondent, Pattj Clinton, a modest unsophisticated country clergy man's daughter. Jack said she was the exacl type-the very girl, was his expression-that lu had been waiting for all his life, and being a mar of prompt action, he copped before the finale. 3 hear that the Rev. Origen Clinton only objects tc the amount of Jack's possessions, which he consi ders more likely to lead to a worldly than to f self-denying life, on the part of his beloved Patty, But as Jack has more than one advocate among the female members of the family, I presume that our dear little Patty, the sweetest little shy mouse you ever saw, will have to take her chance oí Master Jack ' with his dangerous wealth,' 'And all the woes it brings.' " But to return to the wedding. All wont ofi most prosperously-there was no hitch or accident, The proper degree of feeling, short of hysterics ; and as the two happiest men in the universe that day drove off te the station, I could not help recalling my arrival at Hazelwood Manor exceed ingly cold, apprehensive, and committed to n doubtful adventure. However, 'All's well that I ends well,' Jack, was always a favourite motto of j mine, and no ending could have been half so good as the one which has seemed my earthly happiness. ! "I ought to have told you that Ella caused Bob and me to write penitential letters to Miss Lyste, before the ceremony, as she could not bear to un dertake such a solemnity with the weight of im puted unkindness -dear little soul-upon her head. So Bob, who was glad of the opportunity, did so. I managed the best excuses. I really was sorry for the girl, and admired her, provisionally ; though my wife says she never wilt believe that ; and she wrote her a letter whieh would have touched the heart of a stone. So, even to the homicidal Jack, we started fair on our entirely new and untried but auspicious career. Adieu ! Time's up, Jack. I hear a voice thou cans't not, &c.; "Your former friend and companion, noto tended by angels, "PHILIP CHEBBUBY." From Captain Hazelwood to Chester Pitt, Esq.: "Llandudno, 27th June, 187^-. " As every one has impressed upon me that the cheerful nonsensical and ornamental part of my life is over, and the seriously useful country gen tleman division has set in, 1 ought, I suppose, to write you a grave moral lecture. But I don't find matters so changed by matrimony for the worse (or for the solemn), as may be supposed, so take heart, old fellow, and don't be afraid of the plunge when your time comes. I advise every fellow but no ! I won't begin to preach just yet. " We certainly had as jolly a turn off as if there were to be no more cakes and ale for anybody. Even the governor was hilarious-he had been looking over the plan of the Priory Estate with Marion's guardian, and it raised his spirits to an unprecedented pitch. His only cause of uneasi ness was, a doubt whether I should ever be capa ble of the prudent management of the territory of Hazelwood Manor and Bontresor Priory when joined. "I was just about to tell him that I should make it over to Phil, who was used to the control of ex tensive areas in Australia, when a look from Marion stopped me. I have been arrested in my little jests, once or twice, by the same means. It is not unpleasant, if moderately exercised. "But the whole thing was amazing. It only comes once, for most fellows, luckily. The vil lage and the old hall looked as if they had been delivered over to Gunter and Co., bodily, for bridal purposes, and the little old church looked so like a wedding cake that I half expected to seo it car ried away by the solemn waiters when the whole thing was over. School children-in white-I uever thought there were half as many in the ¡county. Bridesmaids so profuse and pretty, that it was enough to confuse any man who had not chosen his bride very carefully. Everything as wonder ful and unexpected as heaven. I had a few army and other fellows down, out of compassion to the girls; I always had some feeling for others, you know. ' They looked positively alarmed, and took a deal of encouragement from Ella's and Marion's subs to bring them round. "The only ghost of a lark I had-my last, the original lark might have made a ghost of me, by the-byo-was tho bringing down of Jack Bulmer,. the Australian fellow that nearly finished me, you know. It was hazardous-(bringing him down, I mean)-but as be didn't bring me down, that is permanently, I thought I owed him amends for his trouble Soured people might fancy I paid him off in full in the sequel. But he was a great success. He is a big, fair, hardy-Norseman-look ing chap, deuced amusing in his way, and no encl j rich. He took immensely with the girls, who 1 always fancy a little harmless bloodshed. The old lady thanked him for his kindness in nursing me, forgetting, I really believe, for the time, what had occasioned the accident. The governor, who can put on a high manner, when he chooses, as well as any one I know, treated him like a Prince of the Blood-royal. Ella and Marion looked rather doubtful at him at first, but were quite vanquished by his goodnatured unconscious air and his evident admiration of both. He eventually fell a prey to little Patty Clinton, my sister Ella's great school friend and principal chief bridesmaid. Nb two people could be more unlike in the world. That was why he picked her, I suppose ; and she, being the regular clergyman's daughter of the poets, very shy and retiring, but ' so clever and as good as gold,' Ella says, of course was not fright ened out of her wits by a proposal after forty eight hours mutual acquaintance, but referred him to the Rev. Origen Clinton. I believe pater was old-fashioned enough to dislike the idea of Bul mer's vast possessions, but was consoled by the idea of his daughter beiug chosen to evangelise the heathen in Australia; that was the light in which a trip to Melbourne every five years pre sented itself to him. Their own place is nearly as secluded as Haworth. I don't see how he can make an out-and-out stand, though, against the marriage. j " Well, I don't remember much more about the affair. I shall never forget it though. The * double event' came off, and it won't do for Phil or me to be mistaken for each other in future. I said some thing to Marion as to serious consequences, but she declined to encourage unbecoming iesting. Really, matrimony is great fun. I should like to see you married, old boy. Seriously, I should. *' Yours on parole, "BOB." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 