A Gock Lane Ghost in! Melbourne. ' A! 'considerable sensation has lately; been created in Molbonrne by rumors o( certain .extraordinary occurrences somewliat similar ' to those 'recorded in connectiou with the celebrated ghost of Cock Lane, in the last century. From the reformation .v that . has. reached as from highly reliable . sourceB it would appear that through illness the minister of a 'small congregation in the northern part of the .city was compelled to take a trip into ,.the country. The family ot children— all ' young — were left in aharge of the servant, a girl of about sixteen years of age. Hardly had the . , parson started on his health- seeking trip, when rcportB were circulated in ' ' the ' 'neighborhood that showers of stones, thrown by invisible hands, wore de stroying the glass iu the windows of the : - church and school, damaging the property of the . absent pastor, and indicting "' injuries on the children. Day ' by day o': (this plague of stones increased, until it attracted such attention that a committee of " ' twelve members of the chnrch was formed y . I, to attempt an eluoidation of the mysteries, 4 Baffled in their first efforts, two detectives '' Were balled in to aid their attemot to V;i.anravei the plot. The parties ' were divided into watches, and set round \- - the house and grounds. A: ' neigh- .boring., .wood-yard was. picketted with ' sentinels, and still no discovery was made. ' She mystery lasted, and one' of the astute .. r . officers of the police signified that he gave the matter up, for the place, in his opinion, was hannted, Just, however, as the matter appeared to be impossible to unravel, the ' cmprit confessed — a young girl— stating , ,tfaat tho shower of stonos whioh was con stantly kept up came not from supernatural 'means, ' but from a certain aotivity she had aoquired in using her hauds. The church committee aud detectives how ever were so shocked at the easy manner in wjiioh thpy . had been duped, that very 'properly they considered that the least said the better for themselves, ; hence the miserable culprit was merely sent back to her mother, with a caution not again ts indulge in supernatural pranks, 