Church of England, Ballina. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT] On Sunday, 28th January, St. Mary's Church, Ballina, was formally opened for Divine Service by the Rev. Henry Porter, B.A., assisted by the Rev. F. R. Newton, Deacon. The opening services, which began with the Gloria Patri, were very beautiful, the special prayers, proper psalms, lessons, and hymns, being in harmony, and very appropriate ; the hymns and canticles were sung with heartiness by the choir and congregation. At the morning service the Rev. F. R. Newton spoke a few words upon the high privilege of belonging to that pure and venerable branch of the Holy Church the Church of England, which though tracing its desent in unbroken continuity from Apostolic times is yet in this 19th century as full of vitality as ever, and is spreading forth its branches far into all the world, so that even in this far off land it is beginning to bear fruit abundantly.- and concluded by exhorting his hearers to get themselves in harmony with the spirit of the Church, whose aim it has always been to bring up her children not so much to talk loudly of their religious formes and experi- ences as to prove the truth of their religion, by doing good works, and assured them that the work which God has set them in this land, is to lay firm, broad and deep the foundations of that communion which has ever been England's greatest glory, so that in the future their children shall have no cause in their generation to say that the founders of the Church in this land had failed in their duty to them. A celebration of the Holy Communion followed and before the final Benediction the following special Benediction was said, - God the Father God the Son and God the Holy Ghost, accept sanctify and bless this place, to thee end whereunto, according to His own ordnance we haye ordained it to be a sanctuary to the most High, and a Church for the living God, the Lord with his power ever mercifully behold it, and so send upon it. His spiritual benediction and grace that it may be the House of God to him and the Gate of Heaven to us. . Amen. The Rev. Henry Porter preached in the after- noon from the words, " I was glad when they said unto me, We will go into the House of the Lord. Ps. cxxxll.- I. The Church, a weather board building was decorated as neatly as the bad weather on the previous day would permit, with flowers, evergreens &c.; It is of beech, fifty feet long by twenty feet wide. The walls which are ten feet high, have received three coats of paint externally. The roof is of iron, and built with an angle of 45 degrees ; the roof of the vestry and porch have a corresponding pitch, which adds greatly to the strength and beauty of the structure Internally, the building is not complete, but seats similar to those in St Marks, Casino, are being made, some timber has been given for lining the building; an altar cloth, and Communion linen will shortly be presented, and the Sunday School offerings are being laid aside for the purpose of providing a stone fount ; the morning offertory with the collection at evensong amounted to £5 9s. 