? FORM -OF PRAYER. The following form of prayer may possibly be read at the present time with some interest. It was issued by the Bishop of Salisbury in 156B;-|or the reason, as stated in a prefixed preface — ' Forasmuch as 'the'. Isle spf Malta, lying near unto Sicily and Italy, and being as it were theiijey of that part of Christendom, is presently invaded with a great 'avmy and navy of Turks, infidels, and sworn enemies of Christian religion, not only to the extreme danger and peril of those Christians that are besieged and daily assaulted in the holds and forts of the said inland, but also of all the rest of the countries of Christendom ad jqiniljg'1 it is our parts, which for distance of place cannot succour them with temporal relief, to assist them with spiritual aid — that is to say, with earnest, hearty, and fervent prayer to Almighty God for them, desiring Him, after the examples of Moses, Josaphat, Ezechias, and other Godly men, in His great mercy, to defend and deliver Christians professing His holy name, and in His justice to repress the rage and violence of infidels, who by all tyranny and cruelty labour utterly to root^ out not only true religion, but also the very name and memory of Christ our only Saviour, and all Christianity : And if they should prevail against the Isle of Malta, it is uncertain what further peril might follow to the rest of Christendom. And although it is every Christian man's duty, of his own devotion to pray at all time, yet for that the corrupt nature of man is so slothful and negligent in this his duty, he hath need, by often and sundry means, to be stirred up, and put in remembrance of his duty. For the effectual accomplishment whereof it is ordered and appointed, as followeth : — ? ' A form to be used in common prayer every Wednesday and Friday within the city and diocese of Sarum : to excite all godly people to pray unto God for the delivery of those Christians that are now invaded by the Turk. — Imprinted at London by John Waley. ' O Almighty and Everlasting God- our Heavenly Father, we Thy disobedient and rebellious children, now by Thy just judgment sore afflicted, and in great danger to be oppressed, by Thine and our sworn and deadly enemies the Turks, infidels, and miscreants, do make' humble suit to the throne of Thy grace, for Thy mercy and aid against the same our mortal enemies : For though we do profess the name of Thy only Son Jesus Christ our Saviour, yet through our manifold sins and wickedness we have justly deserved so much of Thy wrath and indignation, that we cannot but say, O Lord; correct us in Thy mercy, and not in Thy fury. Better it is for us to fall into Thy hands than into the hands of men, and especially into the hands of Turks and infidels, Thy professed enemies, who now invade Thine inheritance. Against Thee, O Lord, have we ginned, and trans gressed Thy commandments : Against Turks, infidels, and other enemies of the gospel of Thy dear Son Jesus Christ have we npt offended, but only in this — that we acknowledge Thee, the Eternal Father, and Thy only Son our Redeemer, with the Holy Ghost the Comforter, to be the only true, Almighty and Everlasting God. For if we would deny and blaspheme Thy most holy name, forsake the gospel of Thy, dear Son, embrace false religion, commit horrible idolatries, and give ourselves over to all impure, wicked, and abominable life, as they do, the devil, the world, the Turk, and all other Thine enemies would be at peace with us, according to the saying of thy Son Jesus Christ — If you were of the world, the world would love his own. But. therefore they hate us, because we love Thee ; therefore persecute they us, because we acknowledge Thee God the Father, and Jesus Christ Thy ftrm virVinm TPVinn liae oonf T'l-io Tnvb- rrnafVi ohnnf +.n a&t;: nri frt extol, and to magnify that wicked monsterpand damned soul Mahomet above Thy dearly beloved Son Jesus Christ, whom we in heart believe, and in mouth confess, to be our only Saviour und Redeemer. Wherefore awake, O Lord our God and Heavenly Father, look upon us Thy children, and all such Christians as now be.besieged and afflicted, with Thy fatherly and merciful countenance, and over throw and destroy Thine and our enemies, sanctify Thy blessed name among us, which'they blaspheme, establish Thy kingdom which they labour to overthrow : Suffer not Thine enemies to prevail against tiose that now call upon Thy name, and put their trust in Thee, lest; the heathen and infidels say, ?Where is -now their. God ? But in Thy ? great mercy save, defend,, and. deliver, all Thy afflicted Christians in this and all other invasions of .these, infidels, that we and they that delight to be named : Christians may continually laud, praise, and magnify .Thy.holy, name, with Thy only. Son Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost, to whom ,be all laud, praise, glory, and empire for ever and .ever.-.;. Amen,'. , . , , . .... , . .. ' 