MISS TRUEPENNY'S FORTIETH CHRISTMAS. Only a few years ago I Baw hor walking, stiff and orect, through tho hall of her old home. Her gown of lustreless silk rattled on the old oaken boards, its stiff folds clanging like pasteboard, and the high heels of her shapely boots stumped along with a measured precision. The still irre pressible brightness and warmth of her hair were hidden by a sovere bit of three- corncrd lace that fell over her high white brow, and heightened the dead, cold, passion less contour of her face. Her hands were clasped loosely behind her; her eyes bent to the floor. As she walked there, the figure was not an uninteresting one in a grim, ascetio point of view, but not readily connected with aught that concerned the tender pasBion. Yet many a brave soldier, and perhaps arrant rogue, carries a bit of lead with him to his grave. The bullet goes in and never comes out, but makes a comfortable bng and bed for itself, and has a peripatetic home for many a year. It may bo that in that time long ngo tho rosy god took aim for another target, or hit this one in sportive jest, for she wan, when quite a young woman, red-haired, high-nosed, and superior. This last the worst of all. She had mastered everything at tho village school, and it wns tho general belief that while alio was away for a twelvemonth or two, Elizabeth had learned more than was wholesome for any one young woman to know ; nnd when, upon her return, she actually took tho place of her college- bred cousin Matthew Gorso, as book-keeper and cashier in her father's store, and was perched upon tho high 3tool, with a pen behind her delicate car, her elim little hands fumbling among bills and papers in the worm-eaten drawer, the villagers shook their heads and hoped no liarui might come of all this wisdom that Deacon Truepenny had bought for that hoighty-toighty da'ter o' his'n." But Obadia'a looked over at the rickety throne of his daughter, aud not for the first time in his lifo thanked God she was not a son. In another part of tho store lounged idly his nephew, young Matthew Gorso; and ns the sharp, ferrety eyes of the old man fell upon his comely head, they took an expression of scorn and disgust that told very plainly in what estimation he was held by his forehanded uncle. " A clerk, indeed 1" groaned Obadiah, who remembered his own bitter apprentice ship in that line — " trapeBin' about with tho girls at night, yawnin' nnd loungin' through the day, stickin' up his impudent noBO at his betters, and findin' fault with hiB bread and butter — a clerk, indeed !" Obadiah was about sick of it. " If he couldn't help out with the mackerel and ile, and was too dainty to pick out the rotten apples, why, ho might go to thunder," would conclude Obadiah, who, although a deacon, was drivon to tho verge of pro fanity by this reprobato nephew of his. " And as to makin' head or tail o' them 'ere accounts o' his'n," it was too much for Obadiah. " There was n screw loose somo- where. Squire Bronson hadn't paid that bill, nor Lawyer Bates nuthcr ; leastways if they had it was ull mixed up somehow, lie didn't want to he rash, but if ho found out anything wrong — " And hero the old man's greedy eyes would fasten themsolvus upon his daughter's face. She was his anchor, his hope. " What with the turnal fashion o' reckonin' nowadays," tho old ledger was a sealed book to him. Matthew would push it over to his uncle, smile con tempt uously. and lounge awny, secure, as the old man well know that tho contents were like a Chinese puzzle in his hands. But now ho could look away from that scornful face and mocking smile, and gaze upon the calm, serious one of his daughter. It might not bo lovely to some folks, but to him it was tho one face in tho world. Her keen, grey eyes, her high nose, her sharp-set mouth, wero more alluring in tho eyes of her father than any soft-dimpled loveliness. There was that in Elizabeth's face that lent comfort to his fretted soul, and a clean quiver about tho girl's nostrils brought back hi3 dog Bess to him, and often ho fell to calling her by that name, as tho only venture to a caress he knew how to givo. When young Matthow caught to this pet title, for ho had always hated the grim ono of Elizabeth, the old man grinned maliciously. " Bess it is, young man," he said, " sure's you're born, and Bess was tho best pointor the world ever saw. If you'vo been at nny capers, she'll nose you out, mark my wordB for it." And Matthew would turn upon his heel and walk contemptuously away ; but sur reptitiously he would watch his cousin from a distance, and as he saw the head of the young girl bent over t he battered old ledger, her keen eyes probing that miserable tell tale of a book, his soul began to be vaguely troubled. His contemptuous indifference for this young school-miss, with her shallow knack of deceiving her father into the belief she was so wise, yielded to a sense of mastery he found in that face, so pale, so proud, and so severely cold. He did see that clean quiver of the nostrils; it was porfect; it was fatal. She knew all ; it was but a question of time. She held in those pretty slim hands of hers his life or his death, his future manhood, or his eternal shame. Ho found something tigerish in her toying with the fluttering pages of that wretched old book, and began to long for the time when she would swoop down upon her prey and end this agony of yearning and suspense. For there had dawned within him of late, since, instead of the repulsive power of his uncle, he had found a higher, purer, nobler forco to combat and fear — there had broken on his troubled spirit a. keener sunse of suffering, but with it the necessity for expiation, which amounted at times to an agony of yearning. IIo resolved one night to feed this desire, let it cost what it would. He got up and sat by tho window. For the firBt time he could look upon that bit of water shimmering yonder in the moonlight without a shudder. His hot eyes suddenly became wet ; a sob escaped him. Hour after hour he sat there, motionless, absorbed, the prey to that thought that in the ghastly grey of the morning took so dubious a shape it tore the heart within him. All at once he saw the blue cambric gown of his cousin flitting down the garden path, lie crept stealthily down tho Btairs, holding his breath as he passed his uncle's door, and went out into the garden. The fresh, fragrant air made him dizzy. He felt the pulses of his temples beat and his heart shake at the rustle of the bushes through which he trod. Nature had scarcely awakened from her Bleep, and the moon was still in the sky. The garden seemed without a pulse, and the blue robe of his cousin, that was now but a stop from him, took the shape, to his dazed senses, of a cloud that had floated down from heaven. He stepped onward, and clasping the blue of that cloud, fell on his knees at her feet. The heart ' of this young girl, already touched by the tender grace of the summer morning, with the green of the grass, the twitter of the birds, the perfume of the flowers, by that indefinable sympathy of virginal youth with all that is mystical and sweet in nature — the heart of this young girl ceased to beat when she saw tho pale, spectral fuco of hor cousin, and felt the clutch of his hand upon hor dress. " You know all, he said ; " you've got my secret out of that accursed ledger. Come, put an end to ray misery. Tell my uncle to-day, if you've a spark of womanly pity, Bess ; finish it all to-day." She stood quite still and looked down upon him. Even in that second of agony he thought her face was the purest and proudest in the world. He felt no shame in kneeling there. Apart from his crime, it seemed to him right that ho, that every one, should be at her feet. But the suspense was overpowering " Speak — for God's sake, speak, Cousin Bess ! Betray me at once, won't you ? Oh, speak !" " No," she said ; " I will not botray you." But as ho got upon his feet, and took ono Jong breath of relief, and canght the hand hanging at her side, Bho drew it away, and held it back from him. "Oh, yes, of course," said Matthow, bit terly, " 1 know what you mean; you'll shield me from disgrace. You'vo got n little moro pride of family than Uncle Obadiah. He'd hustle me oil' to gaol without a qualm ; but you— you'll save me, and hate mo as only a proud woman enn. And, Bcsr, see hero; I can't bear to thwart you ; you shall havo your will. Bess, Bess, what do you want me to do ? Speak tho word. Go and throw myself in yonder pond, and wipe it all out for ever ? Oh, 1 swear to you I'll do it this moment, in the twinkling of an eye, and you shall look on and see !" lie really meant what ho said. Ho was overstrung with the weakness and agitation of those long hours of wakefulness, and there was something in tho faco of his cousin that stung him to madness. Just then ho would rather have died thau remained in the world with her. IIo mudo a plunge forward, but her hand now grusped his for oue little moment. " No," she said, dropping his hand and clasping her own. " I will not havo it so." ller tone implied thatsho had even thought of this wny of wiping out dishonour, but rejected it. The next words told why. "Because I eanuot, bear to have you die," she said; nnd two big tears rolled out of her eyes upon her clasped hands. " Oh," cried Matthew, with a groan of ngony, " why didn't I know there was Bueh a woman in the world ? Now it is too late." " It is not too late," said Elizabeth, gravely. "Aud — " "What?" interrupted Matthew. "Oh, Bcsb, dou't drive me mad. Don't make me live to despise myself. Tell me, could you ever iorgivo me ? Could you in ten, twenty years, if I went through somo sort of terrible expiation at your bidding — could you have the womanly heart to entluro mo in tho same world with you 1" A slight rustle in the bushes at licr side startled Bess. She looked, and saw only the graceful haunch of a Guiuea- heu ; hut it quickened the nerves of Miss Truepenny. " Listen to me," she said. " You suy you will do all that I bid you. Do you mean what you say ?" " Yes, yes," he replied; " that is what I want — to do just as you will, as God is my judge, Bess. I'd havo the strength now to evou tell my uncle." " No, no," she said, with a shudder, for she knew her father well; " but you must pay tho monoy back to him, without his kuowing it was gone. You must take three thousand dollars of mine that are lying in the bunk — yes, yes, you must ; you said you'd do all that 1 bid you." " Oh, Bess," ho groaned " to take your money — your. little money 1 I can't, Bess." " .You will, Matthuw ; you will borrow this money of me, and pay mo tho same interest for it that tho bank allows. It must bo withdrawn to-day — this morning — so that I can make the books right. It is dreadful to have them wrong. There now ; it is all over." She put her hand upon his head with a sad, sweet gesture of farewell, and as she left him it seemed to Matthew that the bushes parted, and where her tender, gra cious faco had been, that of a demon re mained — a cynical, sly, Bneering face, a face of demoniac will and purpose, tho face of his uncle Obadiah. _Matt hew remained for a moment petrified with fear and disgust; but tho face vanished, and it all seemed like a dream of 'is disturbed fanny. It was impossible; it could not be. Of course not. At break fast there sat his uncle Obadiah, with his wrinkled face untouched by emotion of any kind. lie ate with his head bent as usual to the table, once in a while casting a quick, futtive glauce upon his daughter, which habit was a part of his meal. As for Bess, Bho poured out the coffee with a steady hand ; her voice had no quaver in it; but there was something always about his cousin that seemed masterful to Matthew, only it was wonder ful such tenderness could go hund in hand with it. A hundred emotions took away hiB appetite. It seemed to him that his soul hud just been born. IIow different was the store that day 1 The gaudy placards upon boxes and bales, the fly-pnper on tho mouldy old ceiling; on one side flaunted gay-coloured prints and petticoats, while upon the other stood sturdily rakes and hoes, shelters and feeders, oven morecostly implements of agriculture. Tho side window, with its narrow, dusty panes, its shelves filled with fruit and pickle jars, patent medicines, and stale confectionery, held also the desk and stool of the accountant. Many a time had he perched there, a band of iron about his head, every nerve in hi3 body tingling with desperation and despair. Now there was a high, white brow there, cool and calm and passionless, a white warm body, but apparently without nerves; above all, a soul free from stain. How different it was 1 The old flavour in the back of the building of musty grain nnd mildew, and down in the cellar the strong conglomeration of mackerel and oil, of brown Bugar and molasses, of horse liniment, vine gar, and home-brewed beer, of rancid butter and bacon, of hides, of beef, hams, and cod fish — the odour of these, mingling and com mingling, failed to create tho usual sensa tion of diBgtiBt to Matthew. He took off bis fine coat, and pulling up his shirt sleeves, ramificated down in the very bowels of this damp, sticky, subterranean retreat, the half-shut, wrinkled, cunning eyes of his uncle following him curiously and with an ominous speculation. Some disagreeable work was got over that morning, Mr. Truepenny seemingly willing enough to humour the busy bent of his nephew. About noon Matthew went above, and at the top of the ladder beheld tho flutter of a blue cambric dress ; it 'set his heart to beating painfully. Instinc tively he took his hat from his head, and when Bess saw first that handsome, spectral head, it was even with the floor. It was so handsome and yet so spectral a head that it reminded her of one in a picture she had seen somewhere, that of a cavalier prone upon the block, ready for the axe of the heodBman close by. She Btooped and put in his hand a bit of paper. He bent his head over her hand and as she drew it gently away a loose flutter of ribbon from her sleeve remained in Matthew's grasp. Ho looked at it with a Bort of greedy piety, and put it in his pocket with the cheque. It must have been nearly noon before he could go to tho bank. Obadiah seemed possessed with a desire to tidy the whole establishment, and worked hand in hand with his nephew till that hour. When Matthew went out of the store he cast one little look behind. The grave, candid eyes of Bess, as they met his, wore the trusting confidence of a little child. A fleeting colour touched her cheek. She nodded to him encouragingly. It waB all ho could do to keep calm, and he went out into tho street with blurred eyes and a faltering step. Yot he thought ho should see her again in ten, fifteen minutes — at tho utmost a little half hour. Ho walked on with a quick stop, holding his head high, looking neither to the right nor tho left. Mnny a pasHer-by noticed his preoccupied, agitated manner, and spoke of it afterward, as people will, twisting and distorting everything into damnatory evi dence against tho accused. The roouey was paid over to him without a question, the party counting out tho three thousand dollars no doubt busy in his mind as to what speculation that red-haired, high-nosed young woman was about entering into ; but he mnde no remark, and Matthew put the money in his pocket, where already lay that little treasure of blue-ribbon, and went on his way to that red-haired, high-nosed damsel, whistling softly as he went, for the first time in years. But he had scarcely gone a third of tho way when he saw his uuclc Obadiah coming up tho street with ono of their old towns men by the name of Dobson — a lounging, shiftless fellow, who had lately been ap pointed a policeman under the new law. His uncle Obadiuh was given to consort ing with all classes of people, and he walked by tho side of thiR fellow with the same shuffling and sly demeanour that ho bore with the squire of the parish. Matthow, with a slight salutation, would havo passed quickly on, congratulating himself that Obadiah was well out of tho way for a time, but he felt tho hand of his uncle on his arm. " We'll walk together," said tho old man. " Come," he continued, leaving his com panion and leaning heavily upon Matthew's arm, " wo'U go down by the dam whore people won't be listenin'; I want a word with you." Obadiah was not wont to consult hiB nephew in anything, and Matthew's courago was shaken when they reached the mill. His eyes instinctively nvoided the malicious twinkling ones of his uncle, and he shook himself free from that clutch of his skinny hand. A dim horror began to penetrato him. The noise of the water falling from tho wheel, the wheel itself, became n phantom of dread to his imagina tion. It reminded him somehow of a drowning creaturo holding up its dripping arms in terror and supplication. "I take it, Matthew," began his uncle, "that you'll be reasonable; you've gener ally found out pretty quick ou which side your bread is buttered. You needn't look as if you were going to be hung. For some wise reason or other the devil is let havo his agents here on the earth, and you seem to be a pretty good help o' his'n. You're in luck, young man. If you behave right, I'll do tho fair thing by you ; if you don't, you've no one but yourself to blame. I happened to be on the other side o' the hedge this mornin' whon you had that little talk with Elizabeth." Matthew did not even start. IIo knew it all now, but he shuddered, nnd said, " Yes, I saw you." " 1-Iuin — you did ?" continued Obadiah. "You seo, I get up early — 'Early to bed and early to rise,' you know, that's my motto ; and Elizabeth, she's a chip o' the block, ain't she ? She's got a long head, has Elizabeth, and a cool, calculatin' brain, hain't she, now ?" "Go onl" said Matthew, fiercely; ."go on 1 What do you want with me ?" " Well," drawled Obadiah, " I might prosecute you as a thief, you know ; you confessed you stole tho money." " I took what was miDo," said Matthew, his face in a blaze of passion. " My grand father had no right to leave you my mother's share. I won't be called by that name — bo careful what you say." " It's my way," said Obadiah, " to call things by their right names. Anybody that takes what ain't belongin' to him is a thief — hold ! keep back there 1 I'd like to say that up yonder on the' bank is an old friend, Dobson. Ho's got handcuffs in his pocket, and all them little things that are in his line o' business. He hain't had much to do lately, and it's no more'n right he should be ready when he's called. Perhaps I may want him, and, ng'in, I mayn't. Now see here, I'll give you your ch'ice, young man : y.ou can take that there money that you've got in your pocket. — that three thousand dollars of Elizabeth's — and you can clear off with it, get away to the devil if you like, but don't never let me seo or hear of you ag'in, me nor mine. Hurk ye, young man, it'll be a short shrift if ye do. I'll haul you up ; I'll hunt you down ; I'll take the furtherest end of the law on you. Them white fingers o' yourn hev been mighty free lately; they ain't satisfied with takin' my money—they must prowl around my da'ter 1" And here the heat in the old man's eyes rivalled the blaze in Matthew's. " Take your ch'ice, and take it quick, young man — yourfreedom, the world before you to play the devil in, and that three thousand dollars of Elizabeth's you've got in your pocket there, or a gaol, a striped shirt, a shaven head, and a cell." Matthew sank down upon the grasB. His head fell upon his hands. He was too sick and Bad even to bo angry any more. It was all over ; he had lost all, as he had, perhaps, well deserved — hope for tho future, redemp tion for the past. It was gone for ever, that impossible phantom of faith and tenderness and ineffable charity in which he had dared to truBt. Ho got upon liis feet, and pulling the bills from his pocket, put them in Obadiah's hand. Tho bit of blue ribbon fell from his trembling fingers, bu he picked it up and put it back in his pocket again. Then he turned to Obadiah. " See here, old man," ho said; " there is Elizabeth's money. Take it back to hor ; she's waiting for it now." Here his voice shook, and the muscles of his face twitched with nn irrepressible agony. "Tell her," he said, " it was all useless — all her sweet wo manly mercy; buttoll her, too— do you hear? — that because of that mercy, I'll do the best I can. I'll try to wipe it all out, for her sweet Bake, and then I'll come back, and not till then. Say, will you tell her that ? or shall I do it ? I swear to you that, in spito of you or Dobson, I'll walk up the street there to Elizabeth. I'll risk everything rather than she shall lose faith in me. May I depend on you ?" "Y — yes," stammered Obadiah; "youmay reckon on my doin' what's rigbt." "Swear that you will; swear by — 0 gracious Heaven ! what is there sacred to the soul of this old man ? — swear by Eliza beth liersolf, as you hope to hold her lovo or favour, you'll deal fairly by me in this one way." And tho old man swore. His faco qui vered like a shaken piece of parchment, and his voice was but a whisper, but ho swore. Then Matthew strode away, and in all the weary years that followed, a water-wheol was a spectre of dread to him, and that thorny brake, that bank of tenderest green, flecked with buttercupB and daisies, a spot to shudder over and forget. Obadiah sat there a moment, broken and trembling with a little argument that went on within him, and he wiped the cold sweat that started to his brow. Then he put away the bills, and went up to Dobson on the bank above. Elizabeth looked up when her father en tered the Btore, looked over and beyond her father expectantly, and with an air of hope ful certainty a little fretted by delay. Her finger rested upon a place in the ledger, and on tho desk lay a crumpled mass of bills held down by a rusty old weight. But her father shuffled on, and there was no Btep after his. The long hours of tho afternoon went Blowly by ; shadows began to lengthen, and tho heat and duBt of tho day wero tempered by tho approach of evening. Still Elizabeth lingered at the desk, un consciously held there by a weight of sus pense, of vague and harrowing fear. It was already twilight when a group of idlers gathered under tho side window, and tlio confused murmur of their voices reached hor troubled senses through tho broken panes of glass. At last, with fatal precision these words fell upon her ear : " Three thousand dollars I It was a pretty good haul for Mat Gorso to make off with. Tho young scalawag somehow out witted them all. They do say the money belonged to Miss Truepenny." Then Miss Truepenny got down from the stool, and, tnking her hat from its accustomed peg, walked out tho door homeward. By the time her father came, hot and flustered, with even a more shuffling stop than usual, and took hi3 scat at tho table, Elizabeth was as calm and cool as ever. Her fingers hold to him the brimming cup of tea, and not a drop therein quiverod; her keen grey eyes looked out beyond her father to thedusky laburnums at the garden gate, then they returned again and settled themselves upon his face. " So Matthow Gorso took my money to day and ran away with it ?" she said. " Yes, yes," replied the old man, his shaking hand spilling tho tea upon tho snowy cloth ; " so they say. Boss, You shouldn't 'a trusted him. But it didn't matter ; he was a thief and a scoundrel bo- fore." " It diet matter," said Elizaboth. " Ho took those three thousand dollars and wont away, did he, father ?" Her voice grew shrill with a sudden ovor- powering tone of yearning, and she looked steadily at the old man. " Yes, yes," stammered Obadiah, his voice also getting shrill, and his chin shaking painfully. " But dou't mind, Bess; I'll make it up to you, every penny of it, and more." " No," she said, in a hard, bitter voice, "you can't give it to me — nobody cm. You cau't make it up to mu— nothing can." And Obadiah found to his dismay that nothing could induce Elizaboth to take from him the three thousand dollars. Her own threo thousand hidden away became a curse to him. She made him feel like a thief himself. IIo had, aftor all, taken her money, as Matthew Gorso had taken his. No matter what tho motive was, there tho money lay — stolen from her, concealed, put out of her reach or knowledge. The thought waB misery to him. Tho fact that ho had done this thing to savo her freiu falling into what he thought was a snare of the devil, mattered littto to him now. If Matthew Gorse had told him, and bo had known, that the money he had taken was spent in some righteous way, it wouldn't have raised the young man a whit in his estimation. Money was money, and it must belong somewhere. If it was taken from its rightful owner, tho one who took it was a thief — thero lay tho whole matter. Thi3 epigrammatic way of settling it made the old man's houL-whito in a year, took all the cunning out of his eyes, put in his face something weak and pitiable, but changed it vastly for the better — wonder fully for the better. If Matthew Gorso could have met his uncle in the streets of Plimpton Centre a few years after he parted with him, he wouldn't have known him. He would have lifted his hat to tho bent, drooping, white-haired old man and passed reverently by. But these years that bent nnd shattered the body and soul of Obadiah Truepenny seemed to harden and petrify and preserve his daughter. She grew straighter and stiffer and Bteruer and colder, till she might almost as well have been made out of stone. Obadiuh could find no fault. She poured out his tea for him, at tho ago of thirty, with tho same punctuality and accuracy that had marked that courtesy ton years before. She was now the soul and centre of the business in Plimpton, which had greatly prospered now that the railroad ran through the town. Sho bought and sold bargained and trafficked, with the long head and sagacious foresight he had credited her with when she was but a girl. And all legal culprits had tho same reason to fear her that they found long ago with her father; she had no mercy, not even when he pleaded for them, as he did, often and strenuously ; so that, being a legal culprit himself, he began to tremble at her approaoh, and crept away to his own room, there to shiver and moan and vainly strive for courage to undo what ho had done. For of what avail would it be now to make his daughter, the one being on earth dear to him, hate and despise him andcast him from her? Obadiah meant to tell his daughter all, as he had sworn so to do ; but he had not stipulated when, the time was not in the bond, and the moment had never come to him when it seemed easy, or indeed possible to fulfil hiB promise to Matthew, He determined he would tell her in five years — in ten ; he put it off to fifteen, and then took the crime to his conscience to lie there a curse for ever. Elizabeth was thirty-seven years old when one morning Obadiah walked down tho main street of Plimpton, leaning hoavily upon his gold-headed cane, and was suddenly hailed from afar by a voice that seemed familiar to him, and yet it did not appear possible that the disreputable and dilapi dated tramp approaching could ever have been known to him. The man's head was bound up in a red handkerchief, and degpite the freezing air, a woollen shirt and overalls seemed to compriso his wardrobe, "You don't know me, do you, deacon ?" he said, coming close to the old man; " and I'm blest if at first I could make you out. It don't seem as if livin' on the fat o' the land and sleepin' on beds o' down has done much for you, any more'n starvation and campin' out has done for me. The game's pretty well played for both of us, I reckon; but I want to tell you, deacou, that there's somebody on tho war-path. Unbeknown to myself, I did you a bad turn out yonder." "Out where, Dobsoii ?-' said Obadiah. Perhaps there wns uuly oue other face in the world so stamped upon his memory that be coald havo known it nfter all these years of hardship and frustration. But in that scene down by the mill-duin this man Dob son was a mute and unconscious partaker, and Mr. Truepenny's memory was keen to agony here. " In the mines," said Dobson. " I fell upon your nephew Mat out thero. Yes, I did, deacon, that's a fact ; and sheer ill luck and misery followed me from that minute. I'm blest if he wasn't a regular Jonah ; he had the cussedest ill fortune in everything he undertook, and things went from bad to worso right straight along. One don't talk of home much out that way, deacon ; think of it, you understand, more or less all the time, but don't talk of it. But that day I threw up my hand ; couldn't Btand it, caved right in, seventeen miles from camp, dead cleaned out, no whisky even. Wo got down m n frozen ledge, Slat and I, the sky heavy as lead over us, and some big black wings flappin' down. 'We'll leave our bones here. Mat,' says I, ' and them varmints up there'll pick 'em clean.' And says Mat — ho always took things quiet, you see — says Mat, 'As Well here as anywhere.' And snys I, ' Mat, no; I'm blest if I wouldn't ruther bo covered up clean in Plimpton c'uurch-yard, and so would you if you hadn't made off with that money of Elizabeth Truepenny's ;' and, Lord ! if there was ever a mad miner, stark, ravin' mad — But hold on, deacon ! here, lean on me. Don't take on about it ; ten chances to one his hones are bleachin' cut there now. It ain't hnlf so easy to get back as to go. He swore he'd come, and what Mat undertook in that line he generally got through ; but he was pretty well caved, his right leg dragged a little, and a rattlin' Old cough stuck to him night and day. He started on the trail and loft me clean behind; but, dencon, I think he's slipped Out, I do indeed." Something in the face of the deacon touched and went far to terrify the old miner. It was seamed and haggard and grey. Th PC0P' ia Plimpton Centre thought it a fine thing to see the deacon go tip the main street leaning upon the arm of that miserable Dobson. ".'Phat's true piety," they said, and doffed their hats reverently to the poor old gentle man. That night t he deacon was no longer able to take tho cup of tea from the hand 's. daughter. She went up to his room with it, and held it to his lips, and looked down upon him with her cold, keen eyes. " What night is it, Bess?" he said. "I heard the church bell a bit ago." " It is Christmas night, father." '.'Go down, Bess, go down, and bid Betty build the Chrjetmoe fire upon the hearth. Bid her get out the blackberry wine. Someone may need the warmth and cheer to-night." " You are best in bed, father." "Ay. hut go down as I bid you, Bess; make it bright and cheery and warm below there." When Elizabeth returned to her father, he held out to her his shaking hands. "How old are you to-day?" he said; " how old, Bess, God help me, how old ?" " Thirty-seven years, father," she said, and smiled bitterly. And can't you get a bit warm witli tlie Christmas fire, Bess, and Betty's wine ? It's the day our Saviour was born to save miserable sinners. You are so cold and white, Bess; poor sister Nnn can't be much colder and whiter, though she's been a ghost this many a year, since ever Matthew Gorse was born." At the sound of thnt name Elizabeth's CTfilldS fdl. A ttvnnf Vi won r»V» Vs nv frame. Something that had been dead within her sprang to life with a birth- pang of Binister joy. ''It's a cold hearth-stone," muttered her father ; " a lonely one this many a year. Keep the Christmas fire bright, Bess ; he may come home at any time. I've righted him in my will. You won't grudge him the money, Bess ? I did him a foul wrong." Hero he raised himself ,pn his elbow and looked pleadingly in her face " Father," said Elizabeth, in a harsh, strained voice, " didn't Matthew Gorse take my money and run away with it ?" " No, no, no," said tho old man, and fell hack upon the bed. " He sent it back to you, with a message, Bess. I'd ha' told you long ago, but I got more and more scared of you ; but he told me to tell you for your sweet sake — for your sweet sake — " " Oh, my God !" said Elizabeth, and fell on her knees by the bedside. Then Obadiah fell into broken sobs and exclamations, and told her all. Obadiah Truepenny died that night, and when upon the day of the funeral the will was read, the people of Plimpton Centre thought it a wicked and unjust thing for Deacon Truepenny to leave half his fortune to that scape- grace of a nephew, Matthew Gorse. Time rolled on, however, and Matthew did not come to claim hiB inheritauce. Every night tho ruddy glow from Miss Truepenny's sitting-room windows gleamed lmlfway across the road, but it was fully three years afterward that it shone upon a shabby, disheveled, fierce- looking vagrant, who Btooped upon the door-step to put some of the snow by the way-side upon his burning, throbbing head. His breath was nearly spent, nnd the Christmas bells that rung out from the church below made a confusion in his brain. His shaking hand raised tho massive old silver knocker, but Betty did not unfasten the chain. " Obadiah Truepenny ?" sho said. "Why, Lord o' mercy, he's dead and buried these three years !" " Dead !" said Matthew, and dropped on the door-sill like a stone. That word was like a bullet to him. "Dead!" he gasped out, and gave up the struggle. He fell on - his face along the porch, and there Eliza beth found him. Some hours after, ho opened his eyes upon the wide, pleasant old sitting-room. The Christmas fire was burning upon the hearth, casting a ruddy glow upon the home spun carpet ; blazing upon the polished heads of brass, the quaint old heads of handirons, Bhovel, and tongs, staring at each other from their separate corners, just as in the old time ; flickering upon the solid old mahogany sideboard, with its chubby decanters and tali glasses, its big square tray, upon which that Japanese woman had been falling slantwise through the air all these years, and never yet spilled those impossible flowers on the mountain by her side ; lighting up the high straight- backed chairs, the tall mirror, the dried grasses on the mantel, the geraniums still blossoming in the warm south window ; heating the air with a home Bcent of pine, a resinous odour of the old woods, that went straight to the soul of the poor vagrant upon the old chintz-covered settee. Once upon a time ho was in keeping with the snug, gay appointments of this pleasant old room. He was as smart and dapper then, with his jetty locks and white skin and unexceptionable garments, as smirk and smart, as they. But now he was broken and bent and worn, shabby, un kempt, and miserable. His boots were rent, and so was his heart. He was out of place here. And a shadow there by his side, some drapery upon the floor, a ruffle of lace fall ing upon a white hand near by — all these took bis breath away, brought weak, miser able tears to hi3 eyes, shook the fainting soul within him. Her face — oh, the old proud, sweet face ! — was turned a little away, and her hair — oh, the old ruddy, shadow-tinted hair ! — had half fallen upon her shoulder; the high noBe, the clean out of the nostril, the firm sweep of the chin and throat — why, she was the same old sweet, sad, imperious Be6s, the very same, while he — oh, misery ! — was but a ghost to trouble joy. All the old fear of her and the old worship came swooping back upon him. He made an effort to fall at her feet, but sank' back powerless. " Bess ! Bess !" he cried, in a voice cracked and hollow as a broken drum. " Did the old man tell you. before he died ? Did he right me at the last ? Oh, I swear to you, Bess, I've been true to my word ever Bince. I've done my best, Bess, poor, miser able wretch that I am — I have done my best; See here " — and he took from his breast a ragged, faded bit of ribbon — " I've kept it all these years; it's all I went away with, and it's all I've come back with. I couldn't make up the money; Bess ; luck was against me somehow. Where other men gained, I" always lost ; and even now I'm in the way. I must go, Bess ; but tell me. before I leave you, did the old man right me at the last;?" Then she slipped from her chair to the floor, and for the first time in twenty long years and more ho felt tho arms of a woman about his neck, of nil the arms in the world, those of his cold, proud couBin, and tears were raining out of lier eyes upon his wasted oheek. Tho poor trembling lips of the wanderor, touched by those of Elizabeth, grew faint with rapture. As for Bess, this was the first, the very first, lover's kiss that had ever been hers, and she was forty years old that day. " Ho righted you, Matthew, nn was sorry. He has left you sixty thousand dollars in his will. You are as rich as I, dear. I pray of you to forgive him." " Forgive him — yes, with nil my heart. But take the money — no; your monoy, Bobs —sixty thousnnd dollars!'' and tho poor baffled gold-seeker repeated it once again — " Sixty thousand dollars !" " With his prayer to bo forgiven, dear. And the old store is there. You shall ho its master, and mine, Mntthew. Oh, say — tell me — are you happy at last — as happy as 1 ?" " Why, Bess, if I've only the strength to bear it. Ii's tougher than misery, some how. Bess, I'm a weak, miserable wretch, you know. Let mo have it out, dear ;" and ho put his head down on her brenst, and sobbed all the old wretchedness and wrath and sorrow away. 