CHECKMATE. n ore author or *ihk kocu bx sis CHTOOHTJJtp,' 'WJUJMG TO BU.' CMGLB SHAH, XTO, lrtungdUBe bolted tab door, unlocked hit desk, B&ttmwhKtdpiraeeeF; 8ii op «T«n mini* tans— two MMMle, the. wet onlTory-aU by tUtaiat bands ; eoma English. «om» PaiUUn ; wry «quidte, Borneo! then. Every one «*s Alice Aiden. Little did she dream that such 4 gallery ex Wad. How wen they ttkenP Hwftog»pJw are the colourless phantoms from which mew glowing tits-like beautfoa etait Tender-touted Lady May kaa in cosfldance given him, from time to tiaie, WTeralof these from her album; ha has induced Eoteign artiste to Tisit London, and manigad op portunities by which, at parties, in theatres and I «m sorry to say even in church, these clever per sons succeeded in etniying from the life, and learning all the tints which now glow before him. If I had mentioned what this little collection cost bim, you would have opened your eyes; The Baron Tanboeren would have laughed and cursed him with hilarious derision, and a money-getting Christian would have been quite uorror-:-truck, on reading the scandalous tow of figures. Bach miniature he takes in turn, and looks at for a long time, holding it in both hands, his hands resting on the desk, bis face inclined and sad, «s if looking down into the coffin of his darling. One after the other he puts them by, and returns to his favourite one ; and at last he shuts it up also, with a snap, and places it with the rest in the dark, under lock and key. He leaned back and laid his thin hand across his eyas. Was he looking at an image that came out in the dark on the retina of memory ? Or wa» he shedding tears P CHAPTER Li ? 8ATJL.' The day arrived on which Alice Anton had agreed to go with Lidy May to Westminster Abbey, to hear the masterly performance of Saul. When it came to the point, she would have pre ferred staying at home; but that was out of the question. Every one has experienced that ominous fotboding which overcomes us sometimes with a shapeless forecasting evil. It was with tbat vague misgiving that 6he had had all the morning looked forward to her drive to town, and the long- promised oratorio. It was a dark day, and there was a thunderous weight in the air, and the melancholy atmosphere deepened her gloom. Her Onclo David arrived in Lady May's carriage to take care of her. They were to call at Lady Hay's house, wb.ere.its mistress and Sir Richard Arden awaited them. A fen kind words followed Uncle David's affectionate greeting, as they drove into town. He did not o bserve that Alice was unusually low. He eeemed to have something not very pleasant him aelf to think upon, and he became eilent for some time. ' I want,' he said at last, looking tip suddenly, ? to give you a little advice, asd now mind what I say. Don't sign any legal paper without consulting me, and don't make any promise to Bichsrd, It is just posEible — I hope be may not, but it in just possible— that he may ask yotf' to deal in his favour with your charge on the Yorkshire estate. Do you tell him if he ebouk), that you have pro mised me faithfully not to do anything in the matter, except a] I eball advice. He may, as I ffti J, never say a word on the subject, but in any case my advice will do you no barm. I have h&d; bitter experience, my dear, of which I begin to grow mther ashamed, ot the futility of trying to assist Bichard. I have thrown away a great deal o£ money upon him, utterly thrown it sway. I can afford it, but you cinnot, and you shall aot lose your little provieion.' And here he changed the subject of bis talk, I euppote to avoid Ike possi bility of discussion. - How very early the autumn has set in this year I It is the extraordinary heat of the summer. The elms in Mortlake are quite ' yellow already.' N And so i hey talk on, and returned bo more to the subject at whidb se had glanced, But the few words her uncle bad spoken gave Alice ample matter to think on, p.nd ehe concluded that Bichard was in trouble again. Lady May did not delay them a moment, and Sir Richard got into the carriage after her, with ' the tickets in his charge. Very, devoted, Ali:a ' thought him, to Lady .May, who appeared more j than usually excited and happy. | We folia tv our party without comment ictolfce ' choir, where they take possession of their seats, The chorus glide into their places like shadows, and tbe vast urn? ol instrumental musicians us noiselessly occupy the seats before their desks, lbe ereat assembly is marshalled in a cilence almost oppressive, but which is perhaps the fiaest prepa ration for the wondrous harmonies to come. And now the grand and unearthly oratorio lifie commenced. Each person in our little group hears it with different ears. I wonder whether any two persons in that vast assembly beud it precisely alike. Sir Richard Ardeh, having many things to think about, hears it intermittently as he would have libtsned to a bore, and with a secret impatience. Lady May hears it not much better, ' but felt as if she could have Eat there for ever. Old I David Arden enjoyed music, and is profoundly de lighted with tht£. But his thoughts also begtn to wander, for as the mighty basso tinging the partot ! Saul delivers the words, ' I would that, by thy art, thou bring can up j ;The man whom I shall name,' David Arden's eye lighted, with a little shock, upon the enormous head *nd repulsive features of the Baron V anboeren. What a musk for a witch I The travesti lost its touch of the ludicrous, in Uncle David's eye, by virtue of the awful interest he felt in the possible revahtiona- of that ugly magician, who could, he fancied, by a word, call up the image of Xelland Mace. The baron is sitting about the steps in front of hi en, f ice to face. He wonders he has not seen him till now. His head is a little thrown back, displaying his short bull neck, Hi 3 j restless eyes are fixed now in % sullen reverie. Hia calculation as to the exact money value of the audience is over; he is polling them no longer, and his unresting brain is projecting pictaesinto the darkness of the future. His face in a sttte of apEthy was Ul-f&voured; ?nd wicked, and now lighted with a cadaverous effect, by the dull, purplish halo which marks the blending of the feeble dayliglit, with the glow of the lamp that is above him. The baron had seen and recognised David Arden, and a twin of thoughts horribiy, Incongruous with the sacred place, was moving through' his brain. As he looks on, impassive, the great ' bas°o rings out— . ? If heaven denies thee aid, 6eek it from hell.' ' And the soprano 6ends forth the unawatine in cantation, wild ami pinrcing— . ? 1 Infernal epiiits, by whoEe power Departs ghosts in living forma appear, Add horror to the midnight hour, ' And chill the boldest nsarts with fear ; To -this stranger's wondering eyes Let the man he calls forrise.' If Mr. Loagcluse lud bean near, henlev tmve made his owu sad application of the Mr ,., ,,JWot fnlly sung by the alto to whom wa? flntuaiutod the part of David— _ _ 'Such haughty beauties rathtr mov-; Aversion, tlan engage our love.1 He might with an undivulged anguish hav* he«d the adoring strain— '0 lovely maid! tbyform beheld Above all beauty charms our eyes. Yet still within that form concealed Thy mind a greater beauty lies,' Ins rapture Alice listened on. The famous ? Dead March tollowed, interposing its melancholy instrumentation, and arresting the vocal action direr '** by tbe ponsp of that ffi«gnificent ToJ?,er ??he.*noj8 tnine seemed stupgndous, unearthly, glorious beyond expression. She almost trembled with excitement. She was glad she tad come. Tears of ecstasy were in her eyes. And now, at length, the thraa parts *re over, and the crowd begin to.move outward. The orgsu peals as they shuffle slowly along checked every minute «nd then sgain resuming their slow progress, push: ing on in those little shuffling steps of twowthree inches by whieh well- packed crowds get alone every one wondering why they all can't steD out together, and what the pBople in front can be about. In two several channels, through two distinct doors, this great human reservoir floods out. Sir Kichard has undertaken tho tsEk of tiniios Ladv May's carriage, and WupnS it to a point where th?',?1I££tJe£CSp8 the fa*3100' waidcg at the Soor:. and David Arden with Lady May on one arm1 and ^V'?0?^6 ot^frJ is ««'«« on slow.y in the thick of thfs weU-dres3ed end erUtomtic mob. 'i^iiiak^ Alice/ Baidtfncle David,-' you\wonM be men sat of thescrusb, ana lew likely to loie me if you w«« to grt^uite close behind us-do yon' see P— between Lady May and me, and Void me flufc,*1'.- ??????-? ?-.-''?? r- '? r i-'--: --;??? ?? -? Thia pressure ol the stream was eo onequsJ, txA' a front of three so wide, that Alice gUdly adopted tbe»»w arrangement, and with her hand on hw tmole'e arm, felt aafer and more comfortable than . Wan. ? ., . This slow march, inoh by inch, is strangely in terrupted. A well-known voice, close to her ear, says— 1 Miss Arden, » word with yon,' A pale face, with flat now and Mephistophelian eyebrows, was stooping near her- Mr. Longcluse'6 thin lips were close to her ear. Sbe started a little aside, and tried to stop. Recovering, ehe stretched her hand to reach her luncle, and found there ware strangers between them. CHAFCBB LX.I. A WAKING SBBAM. . There is something in that pale face and spectral smile that fascinates the terrified girl ,- she cannot take her eyes off him. His dark eyss are near tiers; his lips are still close to her; hia arm is touching her dress; be leans his face to her, and talks on in en icy tone little above a whisper, and an articulation so sharply distinct that it seems to pain her ear. ' The oratorio ]' he continued : 'the music 1 Tbe words, here and there tie queer— a little sinister— eh F There are bettor words and wider music -you shall hear then some day! S»td bad his evil spirit, and a bad family have theirs, ay, they have a demon who is always near, and shapes their lives for them ; they don't know it, but sooner or later justice catches them. Suppose 1 am the demon of your family, it i» very funny, isn't it P I tried to serve you both, but it wouldn't do. I'll set about the other thing now: the evil genius of a bad family; I'm appointed to that. It almost makes me l«ugb, snch cross-purposes ! You're frightened ? That's a pity; you should have thought of that before. It requires some nerve to fltrht a man like me. I don't threaten you, mind, but yon are friirfi toned. There is anch a thine as eetdnz & dangerous fellow bound over to keep the peace. Try that. Isheuldjjke to have a talk with you before his worship in the police-cout, across the table, with a corps of clever newspaper reporters sitting there. What fun in the Times and ail the rest next morning.' It is plain to Misb Arden that Mr. Longcluse is speaking &I1; this time with suppressed fury, asd hie countenance expresses a sort of smiling hatred that horrifies her. 'I'm not bad at speaking my mind,' he con tinues. ' It is unfortunate that. I am 80 well thought of and listened to in Lnndoo. Yes, people mini what I say a good deal. I rather think they'll choose to believe my story. But there's another way, if you don't like that. Your brother is not sfraid— he'll protect you. Tell your brother what a miecreant I am, and send him to me— do, pray ! Nothing on earth I should like better th in to have a talk with that young gentleman. Do pray, send him, 1 entreat. He'd like satisfaction— ha! ha 1— and, by Heaven, I'll give it him ! Tell him to get his pistols ready; he ehall have iii& shop I Lat him come to Boulogne, or where he likes— I'll stand it— and I don't think he'll need to ««» Lin vnn n tlAltlr . n fTO i M TTo'I I ctfi-CT I ft T?Pfl (iftA ' Lfu- UIO YVQjT WtMVM*. U£IHU» M-*.V ** UHWJ ?' ?? «uuw f he'll not walk in at your hall-door, and call for luccheon, I promise you. Ha! ha I ha ?' This pale man enjoys her terror cruelly.. ? I'm not worthy to speak to you. I believe — eh ? Thatteodd, for .'.bo tiaae isn't far off when you'»l pray to God I may h*ve mercy up; n you. Vou hid no business to eucour«ge me, I'm »f raid the crowd is get:ing on very slowly, hut 111 try to entertain you ; you are such a good listecer !' 