Beevle Match.— A friendly match is to be fired shortly between the Port Adelaide and 'Wallaroo Rifle Clubs. By a coincidence the mail on Saturday carried a .challenge from 'Wallaroo to Bert Adelaide, also one from Port Adelaide to 'Wallaroo, neither Club having pre viously any idea of the intention of the other. Welsh Festival.— This festival, consisting of a tea meeting and musical and literary enter tainment, took place at Bowery Hall, Port Ade laide, on Monday, August 6, and passed off with great success. Over 200 persons were present at the tea, and about 300 attended the enter tainment. It is intended that in future these gatherings shall be held annually, as a means of bringing together at least once in that period the Welsh at present resident in South Aus tralia. This result was attained in a degree on the present occasion, many persons of that nationality being present from distant parts of the colony. Accident. — During the journey of the mail coach between Mannuin and Adelaide on Mon day, August 6, a sailor named Frank Samuel fell off. His face was very badly cut and bruised in consequence, and he was admitted to the Ade laide Hospital. The Hon. T. Eldeh's Stud.— It will be a matter of very great interest to many to know that the first foal by Gang Forward out of an English imported mare was dropped at Morphett ville on Saturday, August 4. It is a chesnut colt — dam Etta by Parmesan oufc of Queen Lily — and is said to be a very fine foal. The Adelaide Abtillery. — On Saturday afternoon, August 4, the Adelaide Artillery were called out to drill and mustered in front of the Armoury to the number of 54. They were ' divided into three squads and put through their facings by the drill-instructors in the presence of Acting - Colonel - Commandant Biggs and Captain Claston. The spectators were numerous and also humorous unfortunately, as it is not pleasant to the recruits to have to stand under a running fire of feeble jokes and rude remarks, though they took it philosophically enough. Next Saturday the drill-shed will in all proba bility be available, and with evening drill the men will have a better opportunity of making themselves eiScient. Hill Kiveb Salb. — Messrs. S Barnard & Co., in conjunction with Messrs. Coles & Good ' child, are to offer by auction on Thursday, August 9, and following day, the valuable sheep cattle, and horse stock of the Hill River Estate. The sheep include 40 choice two-tooth Merino . stud rams; and the horse stock comprise Suffolk Punch mares, Suffolk Punch stal- lions, the Levels stud mares and fillies, Clydesdale stallions, and the whole of the thoroughbreds on the estate. In addition to . this the other live stock, the harness, tools, im plements, wagons, drays, &c;, are to be sold, everything being submitted for absolute sale. Lectcee by the Rev. J. Watsford. — The Eev, J. 'Watsford, of Victoria, lectured in Pirie street Wesleyan Church on Monday evening, August 6, in aid of the building of the new wing , of Prince Alfred College. There was a large audience, and the lecture, of which the subject ?was .'The Sabbath and Working Man,' was moat attentively listened to throughout. The . moral to which the rev. lecturer pointed was the conservation of the Sunday as it at present exists inviolate from all work, and the closmg of public-house3 and places of entertainment of every description. The Study of History and Literature. — Count de Zaba delivered his interesting and in structive lecture on this subject at St. Xavier's '*? Hall on Monday evening, August 6. Dr. Gunson presided, and the Hall was well filled. The . Count's lecture was most attentively listened to and thoroughly appreciated. Several selec tions of music were rendered in a creditable manner at intervals during the evening by the Cathedral choir. Australian Cricketers tor England.— By a telegram published in another column it will be seen that arrangements have been completed for sending a team of Australian cricketers home to England to play there during the season of 1878. The . following first-class players have been chosen : — From Victoria — Allan, Elackham, Horan, Kendall, and Boyle or Midwinter ; from New South Wale3— Bannerman, D. Gregory, Spofforth, Thompson, Murdoch, and Garrett; from. Tasmania — G. Bailey. The team is very strong in all departments of the game, the only one in which the English professionals far sur pass them being that of fielding. They cannot, we think, fail to give a good account of themselves against the English county team3. They will play a series of matches in the colonies, and leave for the old country in December next. The only matter for regret is that South Aus tralia has no representative amongst the team. The Barunga Railway Works.— A large number of men are now employed in raising and breaking ballast along the proposed site of the Barunga Railway, and a number of wheel barrows and other implements to be used by ? those employed arrived by the Kangaroo on Friday last. The prices offered for piecework are snoken of by some of those who have tried \- the work as being fair. No donht during the \- ensuing week a great many additional men will be seeking employment at the works, owing to the dulness of shipping and other causes A number of the employes of the Kadina and Wallaroo Eailway and Pier Company have been discharged, and the Smelting Works are also discharging hands. These men in most cases having families prefer getting work in the neighbourhood, even at reduced rates. Crrr Phbita-'b-;t Building Society. — The twenty-second half-yearly balance-sheet of this Society shows total receipts amounting to £16,391, of which £2,313 has been carried to the credit of profit and loss. The Directors report : — 'The share account shows the number of shares matured, withdrawn, and redeemed for the half-year to be 173|, whilst 294 J new shares have been issued, giving a net increase of 121 J, which is very satisfactory. From the formation of the Society to date 4,834 have been issued, the number at present existing being 1,754 J, the total receipt being £196,765 l'3s. 9d., of which £107,859 123. has been invested, producing a profit of £31,220^ Is. 6d., and of this £24,438 3s. 7-J. has been paid out and allowed to share holders, less current expenses, £6,781 17s. lid., leaving a balance of £G,481 12s. lOd. to credit of present shareholders. The assets of the Society are £34,106 8s. 5d., the liabilities to the share holders being £30,100 9s. 3d., the balance being* due to the Bank and depositors.' A Narrow Escape.— The Argus of August 4 states that s very fortunate escape from being drowned at sea was experienced on the passage of the barque Jane Spier?, from Newcastle to the Port of Melbourne. On the 27th ult. the vessel when off Cape Howe was caught in a . tiemendous gale from S.W., which brought a high head sea with it, and one o£ the crew, named William Simmons, was swept overboard by a ? towering wave which broke over the barque. Singular to relate, however, the reflux of the sea carried him in again, and seizing hold .of the main sheet he clung to it and was saved \- ' Evarts's Physique.— The following, from an ? American paper, is a sample of the charmingly ' . graphic personal notices which the journals give , of prominent men, and which must go far to W compensate the subjects of them .for the toils ?^p'and fatigues of public life. The politician re ferred to is, of course, Mr. Evarta, Secretary of State in Mr. Hayes's Cabinet: — 'His face is shaven. His air is scanty and iron-grey. HI* ears are small, and look as if they had been closely trimmed. His eyes are grey and faded. They have a watery appearance while he is ? speaking, but every otherj'part of his body is so dry that one expects him to crumble up when bis great spirit goes out of him and blow away at a breath. His mouth is small, his lips thin and colourless, his teeth perfect in form and colour. His nose and forehead are the marked features of his person, and I said before,- nose, forehead, and forefinger. It isn't a Websterian forehead broad and dome-like, but it is bulging like, and' hangs over his eyes like the bay win dow in the second story of a house. Hia skin is so pure and dry that you can see the currents of pale blood that run over his skull. The nose i3 big enough to carry all the brains an ordinary man would nesd, and maybe Evarts's surplus is situated there. It isn't an * inconsequent vesti bule,' a3 some call Morton's, but a peak majestic, fend rises from the landscape' of his face to give it dignity and consequence. It is not puggy or grizzly, like some large noses, but it is of aristocratic material and artistic carving. The Elopes and curves are all according to the lines of art— Grecian art. It is a thing of beauty magnified. Evarts's legs are pipe stem3 and his arms are -willow branches. His chest is less in diameter than his head, and the breadth of his shoulders is only about as great as the distance from the tip of his nose to the base of his cere bellum. He has no bowels, and only stomach . machinery enough to keep the brain supplied , with' food.' THEATBEBoiJLL.^- The repetition of [if Hamlet?? at the Theatre EoSaloni; Monday; eyejoingj August 6,' drew a large audience, which, judging from the continuous applause, thoroughly appre-j ciatedMr. Dampier's delineation of the Prince of Denmark. At the close' of every act MrJ Dampier was called before the curtain, and the ladies and gentlemen supporting him also received many hearty tokens of approbation. Miss Young's Ophelia was a very meritorious performance throughout. In the mad scene — the most critical test of an actress's ability — she was exceedingly natural, and avoided any appearance of self-consciousness—- the stumbling block over which many trip who attempt the part. Her madness displayed an abandon which was thoroughly effective, and her voice had a ring of genuine pathos. She received a hearty round of applause and a recall at the end of the act. Mr. West appeared as the King— a part which he has often played before, and in which he is always efficient. His render ing of the agonizing soliloquy— ' Oh, my offence is rank,' was very earnestly and forcibly delivered, without any approach to rant. Mr. Joyce presented the pedantic old courtier Polo nius very creditably, as indeed he does every character entrusted to him ; but we could not help feeling sorry that Mr. Welsh — who gave such an excellent portrayal of the part when supporting Mr. Fairclough — should have been relegated to the unsatisfactory roles of Mar cellus and the First Actor. Mr. Brown as Horatio and Mr. Douglas as Laertes were re spectable, but both a trifle stiff. Mr. Rainford rendered the really difficult role of the Ghost in an impressive manner, and Mr. South would have made a success of the First Gravedigger — and with all faults was certainly very humorous — but he hardly knew a word of his part. Miss Melville did her part best, but was too heavily weighted with the role of the Queen, and gave a very subdued rendering. The other dramatis persons were representedby Messrs. Elliott, Carey, and Hasker, and Misses Oliver and Mainwaring, who were all well grounded in the text and business. This evening Mr. Dampier will appear in what is said to be one of his best impersonations, 'Belphegor the Mountebank,' and his clever little daughter Lily will enact the role of Henri, his son. which she has made such a remarkable success in the other colonies. The Botr-n-ARY Question. — The following copy of the despatch forwarded by the Victorian Government to the Government of this colony on the subject of the boundary line between Victoria and South Australia is extracted from the Age-. — 'Victoria, Chief Secretary's Office, Melbourne, 31st July, 1877.— Sir— I do myself the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th ult., inviting my attention to a previous communication addressed to my predecessor on the determination of the boundary between Victoria and South Australia, and to assure you that the subject has received the attentive con sideration which was due to it. This Govern ment fail to discover why they should consent to have recourse to the Privy Council in regard to a matter which the correspondence shows to have been deliberately settled by the Govern ments concerned, in it long before this colony was created. Victoria was separated from New South Wales and constituted a separate colony by the Imperial Act 13 and 14 Vic, cap. 59, and the territory assigned to her by that Act was described therein as' ' the territories now com prised within the district of Port Phillip, in cluding the town of Melbourne, and bounded on the north and north-east by a straight line drawn from Cape Howe to the nearest source of the Eiver Murray, and thence by the course of that river to the eastern boun dary of South Australia. There can be no doubt what the eastern boundary of South Australia was, for it is clear from the papers submitted that it had years previously been ascertained and determined. At the request of the Imperial Government a survey was undertaken for the special purpose, and was conducted with the greatest care. The line was marked on the ground and was by the Governments of South Australia and New South Wales solemnly adopted, and by proclamation declared to be the boundary line of the two colonies respectively. That subsequent observation has shown the surveyed line not exactly to coincide with the astronomical meridian is in the opinion of this Government of no moment ; and were it possible, which it is not, to mark the position of the meridian with absolute precision, it would afford no ground whatever for opening up a question of boundary line authoritatively determined 30 years ago. This Government must therefore decline to join with South Australia in the proposed reference to the Privy Council; but if the Government of South Australia is willing to enter upon the considera tion of the larger question of the general rectification and readjustment of boundaries as between the colonies of South Australia, New South Wales, and Victoria, the Government of Victoria will be prepared to discuss it and to advance reasons for the enlargment of Victoria by the extension of her boundaries to the Murray on the west and the Murrumbidgee on the north. — I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, Graham Berry. The Hon. the Chief Secretary, South Australia.' Larrikinism at Football. — We have received two or three letters in reference to the display of larrikiuism at Port Adelaide on the occasion of the football match between the local team and the South Adelaides which took place on Saturday last. One correspondent, who de scribes the match as the roughest that has been played this season, states that the visitors were treated very well before and during the game, but that afterwards a disgraceful exhibition took place, one or two hundred persons having begun hooting, howling, and throwing stones at the South Adelaide team while they were driving away in their own trap. Another cor respondent, Edward John Locke, of Port Ade laide, throws the blame of the occurrence on the visitors, who, it is alleged, acted in a very unfair manner during the play, and' afterwards mustered and caused such an uproar that the horses attached to a vehicle in which some of the Ports had taken their seats became almost unmanageable. This correspon dent also complains of the umpire who acted for the South Adelaides as being anything but impartial. It is pretty clear from the evidence thus supplied that there were faults on both sides, but who was most to blame it is difficult to decide. The disturbance was manifestly a very disgraceful one, and for the credit's sake of football it is to be hoped nothing of the kind will occur again. If the sport is to degenerate into an attempt on the part of the respective teams to out-larrikin each other the sooner it is wiped from the category of respectable pastimes the better. Conceet at Port Adelaide. — On Monday evening last Mr. T. W. Lyons's Port Adelaide siDging class, assisted by a few of his Adelaide pupils, gave a musical entertainment in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, for the benefit of the local Institute. The attendance was but moderate, and was far from what the performance merited. The proceedings opened with a pianoforte over ture by Mr. E. S. Hall, who accompanied the performers throughout the evening. Selections from Wallace's ' Maritana' by members of the singing class, 23 in number, and by individual lady and gentleman members followed, and they were received with constant and hearty applause from the audience. Mrs. T. W. Lyons's recitative and song, 'How dreary to my heart' and 'Scenes that are brightest,' were impera tively encored, and the last verse was repeated. The second part of the programme consisted of a chorus and double quartette by the company, rendered in excellent style; a comic song, ' The Awkward Squad,' by Mr. T. W. Lyons, who gave in answer to an imperious demand, ' All Fours ;' and a song by Mrs. T. W. Lyons, ' Shells of the ocean,' which being enthusiastically encored was followed by ' The wishing gate.' The greatest credit is due to Mr. Lyons for the excellent manner in which the programme was carried through. The class was almost purely local, and if its services are wanted for a similar object in the future they will no doubt again kindly be forthcoming. The pro ceedings finished with a most amusing comic operatta, ' The Blind Beggars,' the characters being sustained by Messrs. T. W. Lyons, C. James, and J. Bassin^L , who kept theaudience in continuous merriment throughout its per formance. Master J. M. Dunn, a very youthful pianist, presided during the performance of the latter ir a most creditable manner. Victorian Htoiane Society. — We learn from the annual report of this useful Society that Mn October last the Directors waited upon the late Treasurer of Victoria, and requested him to initiate a legislative measure for the better protection of life and property at sea. Sir James McCulloch promised to give the subject his careful attention, at the same time remarking that legislation on this subject should be uniform in all the Australian Colonies. With this view the Directors had been in communica tion with the various Chambers of Commerce in the surrounding colonies, and the matter is still under their consideration.' Children's Hgsfitax. — A meeting of the Committee of this Hospital will be held iMs afternoon. . , Local. Courts m the Areas. — The Areas iEj.j?res4. urges r the necessity of increasing the number of Local Jjourta. in the Areas, and remarks that some people have to travel dis tances of from 30 to 40 miles before they can reach the nearest Court. KrvEs News. — The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned, as rer ported at the Telegraph Office on August 6, at 10 a.m. : — Wentworth (Darling), 10 ft. 10 in., falling. Bourke (Darling), low. Brewarrina (Darling;, low. Walgett (junction of Namoi and Barwon), low. Euston (Murray), 9 ft., falling. Balranald (Murrumbidgee), 5 ft. 10 in., falling. Hay (Murrumbidgee), 3 ft., falling. A Heavy Loss. — Last Friday (says the World of June 6) the mail-train to Paris carried a considerable number of valuable secu rities, including French Eentes, Italian, Egyp tian, United States, and other bonds, representing a total value of £80,000. They belonged to influential banking-houses in the City of London, and were sent over to settle accoants with foreign firms. When the train arrived at Paris the bonds were gone. We believe that one firm alone has lost about £20,000 by this robbery. It is quite evident that much more stringent pre cautions must be adopted on French railroads if this wholesale pillage is to be prevented. Our London houses are frequently obliged to send over bonds by railway, and the South-Eastern line takes every possible care to deliver them safely. They are deposited in a box secured by a patent lock, one key of which is kept by the manager in London, and the other by the Com pany's agent in Calais, who attends on the arrival of 'the boat, and hands the box over to the French railroad authorities. There the op portunities for robbery are much greater, and some bold gang of thieves appear to be aware of it, for this is the second time within a few months that the train has been plundered. The loss on the first occasion amounted to £25,000. One of the strangest incidents of the affair is that the French authorities sent no word to the South-Eastern Company of the robbery, and the London firms only heard of it on Saturday through their correspondents, who reported the non-arrival of the bonds. Mr. George Lewis, jun., was then applied to for assistance, and he soon had some sharp detectives on the trail, and there is some hope that the thieves will be dis covered. But the carelessness of the French railroad people has given them a great advan tage ; and unless something is done to render the carriage of valuable property on these lines safer thaa it is now our London houses would do well to employ a special agent of their own and send him through with every important package. The robbery last Friday and the omission to report it are highly discreditable to the managers of the French railroad. Pube Water. — The World recently remarked — ' It has been announced within the last few days fhat the engineers engaged in sinking an Artesian well in Meux's Brewery have at last bored down 1,000 feet to the stratum of lower greensand, and that when this is perforated they expect to come to reservoirs of water far beyond Thames water in purity, and enough in quantity to supply not only the brewery, but all London. This reminds me of the water in the Reform Club. This luxuriously fitted Club has an Artesian well of its own, and has long prided itself on the water which it uses for drinking. Of course in the dining-room it would be unfair to force upon the notice of guests who look for wine the merits of the more innoeent beverage; but there is supposed to be a large supply up stairs, kept in a cistern in the chief smoking room, and no guest is allowed to leave this room without a taste of the water. ' You must not go away without tasting our water — no such water in London; we have an Artesian well of our own ; it comes through the chalk from hills ever so far away.' The guest drinks, and says, ' Wonderfully good ; if I could get water like that I should turn water-drinker.' A little dialogue of this sort had been going on several times a day for years, when one afternoon a member — I hope it is not a breach of confidence to name that kindly gentleman and excellent judge of wine, the member for Eochdale, Mr. T. B. Potter — asked the waiter to bring him a caraffe of the water to be mixed \iith something more potent. What was his surprise on pouring it into his tumbler to find swimming in it a variety of small sea serpents and tadpoles. Instantly he commenced a stern enquiry. Where did the water come from? Fiom the cistern. How was the cistern supplied ? From the lead pipe in the pantry outside. How was the lead pipe supplied? From the Thames at Chelsea. And so it turned out that for a period of two or three years, during which the members of the Club had been extolling the water in the smoking-room as incomparable, and strangers had been drinking it with envy, and its praises were sounded by Clubmen all over London, it was nothing but the common pipe water of the Chelsea Coni pany, which Dr. Letheby and other authorities had been denouncing for its excess of organic impurities.' A Naval War-Game. — We quote the follow ing from the Times:— 'The kriegspiel or war game which has become so popular of late years in the German army has, during the past winter, been introduced into the navy, after experimental trial and adaptation of it in Berlin, and found much acceptance. The object of the naval kriegspiel is to excite the interest of naval officers in tactical rules of sea warfare ; to enable them to observe the manoeuvres of the fleets or vessels of two hostile parties, which are allotted to a leader of a number of officers ; and to study the most favourable formation of the fleets at the beginning of the engagement, the grouping of ships in separate - squadrons or divisions, the application of artillery, rams, and torpedoes in individual cases of encounter with an enemy, &c;, and to provide opportunies of conversation and the exchange of opinions on what has been done. Certain problems or tasks are appointed in the game. Thus two hostile fleets, the number and strength of whose ships are known, are required to find one another in the open sea, or before the enemy's harbours, and, if the l«ders think fit, to give battle. Close by a plan for the details of the battle has to be worked out. The qame falls thus into a strategical and a tactical part. In the former are the dispatching of individual ships on special missions, the news service, with advice boats and tast-sailirig ships, the moving about along the coast, out-manoeuvring the enemy, and pouncing on him with the bulk of the fleet. The latter has to do with tactical formation and the fight itself. For the latter certain rules are laid down by which the value of separate shots, of concentrated broadsides, of the action of ramming by particular ships, and of torpedoes is fixed. Doubtful cases are decided by the throw of dice or the opinion of an umpire ! For the strength, value, and work of the eeparate ships, their velocity, number of guns, data of calibre, plating, quantity of coal which each can carry, and the quantity used in given times, special tables are constructed. For the turning of ships turning circles are made of the corresponding diameter. The weather con ditions are taken from the weather reports of the Observatory. The movements of the individual ships and the fleets take place on the ordinary naval maps ; the battle proper, after the enemy has come in sight, on a grated plane, divided into millimetres on a scale of 1 to 2,000 ; here the movements and evolutions of the ships are simultaneously produced. This game has been carried on throughout the whole of the past winter and with the liveliest interest on the part of the officers. It is also stated to have been the source of very valuable experience and instruction for cases of real warfare, and will doubtless be a profitable way for naval officers to employ their leisure hours, considering that practical experience in the colossal armour plated vessels of the present must necessarily be somewhat scanty.' All Things to Aix Men. — We quote the following from the Printers' Register : — ' A good Press story is told relating to Mr. Tilden, the Democratic candidate for the United States Presidency. During his candidature he kept a literary bureau in New York, whence leaders were supplied by able editors to the newspapers throughout the States which were open to an arrangement of this kind. As Mr. Tilden wished to catch votes, both North and South, he had to put yery different ideas forward in the one district from those in which he advocated in the other. Some little time ago an article intended for a Southern journal got sent in error to a Northern one, and the readers of it were told, that Mr. Tilden had always opposed the war, and especially the employment of coloured troops and the emancipation of the slaves. There was much more to the same effect, and it is not surprising that those Northern citizens who obtained early copies of the paper should lose no time in running to the office of the editor to express their astonishment. That official then for the first time read the leader, saw that some one had blundered, and stopped the printing of the paper until the objectionable article could be removed and another substi tuted. Expostulation with the bureau elicited the fact that the lucubration ought to have gone down South.3 PARLIAMENTARY. The Notice-paper of the Legislative Council is slowly filling with business, but as yet the accumulations contain little that is of urgent importance. There are items sucn as the (Quarantine and vaccina tion Bills which demand attention from the fact that the risk is great of small pox being brought to our shores by vessels visiting us from infected countries ; but apart from these the present suspension of the legislative work of the Upper House is at present causing no great incon venience. The attitude of affairs is none the less extremely anomalous and unsatisfactory, and the sooner an end is put to it the better. The position of the Chief Secretary in the Council has not been improved, but very much the contrary, by the revelation indirectly made by the Government on Thursday last of what their inten tions really are. It will natu rally embitter the feeling of members toward the Chief Secretary to know that he and his colleagues have resolved upon a policy of defiance, and will now, if the Assembly sustains them in their view of matters, be satisfied with nothing less than an abject acknowledgment of defeat on the part of the Council, and an ignominious retreat from the position adverse to Sir Henry Ayers which it has been forced to take up. The adoption of this course by the Ministry has imposed a grave respon sibility upon the Assembly, and it will manifestly be the part of wisdom for it to beware of hastily entering into the quarrel, and still more to beware of im pairing seriously the smooth working of the Parliamentary machinery by attempt ing to coerce the Council in a matter in which it must feel that that body has been cavalierly and unjustly treated. In the present aspect of affairs a waiting policy is the best that can be adopted by the Lower House. ? There is so little prospect of work being done in the Council this week that no object can be served by a detailed review of the business on the Paper. Mr. Morgan has precedence with a motion preliminary .to the introduction of a Bill authorizing the construction of a tramway between Glenelg and Brighton. Next in order comes a motion by the Chief Secretary in favour of the proclamation of a polling place at Prospect in substitution for one at Islington. The Orders of the Day number eight in all; but they are in no way different from those postponed through the adoption of Mr. Morgan's amendment on Tuesday last. In the Assembly to-day Mr. Bower ha3 a question down on the subject of the quarantine station at Wardong or Wauraltee Island. Mr. Coglin purposes repeating the enquiry lie recently made in respect to the reduction in the price of water supplied to the inhabitants of Port Augusta. The first among the Railway Construction Bills of the session is to be entrusted to the care of the Minister of Agriculture and Education. It i3 the one relating to the lines from Narracoorte to Border Town and from Narracoorte to Jessie — two branches of the existing rail way which will together entail an outlay of two or three hundred thousand pounds. There are seven Orders of the Day, but even with a late sitting there will be no chance of advancing each one of them a stage. Supply stands first on the list, and there will doubtless be a protracted debate on the Budget Speech. This is followed by the Crown Lands Consolidation Bill, which is dragging its slow length along through Committee in a manner anything but promising for its ultimate appearance upon the Statute-Book as one of the legis lative results of the session. The other Orders comprise the further consideration of the Coroners Bill in Committee and the second reading of four Bills the titles of which we are tired of repeating. The business for Wednesday is of the usual heterogeneous description. The programme opens with a motion by Mr. Townsend for the appointment of a Select Committee to enquire into the question of work executed in Government depart ments and the mode of dealing with tenders in such departments. The matter is altogether too important to be slunted over, and it is to be hoped that care will be taken to place on the Committee men who will probe the matter to the bottom and suggest a course for future adoption which will remove the grounds for dis satisfaction and distrust which exist among some classes of local manufacturers. Mr. Richards follows with a motion as to payment of members in an altered and decidedly vaguer form than that placed on the Paper by 'him two or three we^is ago. The subject is one of those which we suppose is likely to be brought forward annually, and such being the case the earlier in the session it is discussed the better, so that the way may be cleared for more important business. We have fre quently expressed our views onjthe question, and we need not repeat them at any length now. It is sufficient to say that the argument drawn from experience of the working of the system of making members of Parliament paid servants o£ the State is by no means encouraging. In addition to this the plan seems torusr to be utterly at variance with the true conception of the position and responsi bilities of a member of the Legislature. He represents his constituents, and hencs in the event of his being paid out of the public funds he is in the anomalpua position of receiving his authority from one source and his pay from another. Unlike the duties of a Minister of the Crown, 'who is appointed, paid, and dismissed by the same body, the duties of a member are quite unde* fined, and those who have to pay him. possess no authority ^o dismiss him if ha is not really earning his salary. The other notices of motion are four in number; the first l-y Mr. Hawker for all corre spondence between the Engineer-in* Chief and oilicers of the Railway Depart ment as to the non-engagement or dis missal of labourers over f otty years of a^a who have been employed on the lines ; and also for a return of the number and1 names of the men so dismissed. The second is by Mr. Kins for a publication of the regulations under 1 which mineral licences are granted, and a return of all licences applied for J since January 1, 1877, and for the publi* ^ cation in the Gazette of a weekly notice of all licences and leases approved by tha Governor since the date of the return. The third is an exceedingly practical motion by Mr. Williams, requesting the Government to obtain from the Agent General all the information he can obtain on the subject of boring, so that it may be available in searching for watec or coal in this colony; and the last us a definite motion by Mr. Wigley that compensation be granted to 1. P. Place fotf expenses incurred by him in attendance on W. P. Adams. The Orders of the Day for Wednesday are eight in number. First on the list isi the report of the Select Committee .on Dalwood's Claim. The second is the adjourned debate on Mr. Basedow'a mntion on the operation of the Education Act. The third is the motion which Mr.' Murray allowed to lapse two or threG weeks since, but which lie has now replaced on the Paper, as to the principle to be followed in setting apart land for Educational purposes. Then follow motions for three additional polling-places in the District o£ Wallaroo. The remaining Orders are ad' journed debates on Mr. Sinclair's motion for substituting the Semaphore fo£ Glenelg as the calling-place for the mail steamers ; on Mr. Wigley's- motion cen suring the Government for ' its apathetic and dilatory proceedings in defending the province ;' and on Mr. Cooke'a motion in favour of declaring Yarandale, near Tuniby Bay, an additional polling-placa for the Flinders District. The only busi ness at present on the Paper for Thursday ' is the second reading- of the Adelaide Drainage Bill ; but there will of course ba ample work left over from to-day should the consideration of this measure be found _ insufficient to occupy, the whole -of the ^| time. ___M____mi_MB^^ The Destitute Pooe on Yoeeb'^ Peninsula. — Subjoined is the answeu received by the Mayor of- Moonta from the Chief Secretary's Office in reply to a letter forwarded by the joint Committee of the Moonta Corporation and the Minea ownship. It will be seen that the Govern ment do not consider a* strong case has been made out against the system in voguo for relieving destitution on the Peninsula, and therefore decline to interfere with, tho action of the Destitute Board. So far, indeed, from thinking that relief is not given where it is needed, the Government seem to believe that the danger is in1 the opposite direction ; and it is stated that the Board have under consideration the expediency of appointing- a. visiting offices for the Wallaroo District with -the view of placing a check upon cases of imposition. It is known that thero is a great deaf of dissatisfaction on- the Peninsula at the way in which- relief is ad-» ministered, and that this feeling extends to the method in which the recent en« quiry was conducted by the Chairman o£ the Board. It would be unfair to entei? into this question before the document is given to the public, and we presume steps will be taken to ensure ? its being made? public. The following is the letter referred to : — ' Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, July 31. ' Sir— I am directed by the Chief Secretary ia inform yoa, with reference to your letter of tha 19th inst., that the Chairman of the Destituts Board, who was instructed to visit Yorke's Peninsula for the purpose of personally making himself fully acquainted with any cases of des titution that existed, and who appears to hav-3- discharged his duties with more than ordinary care, has furnished a full report on the various cases that were brought under his notice. 'As the law throws on the Destitute Board the responsibility of dealing with all cases of destitution, the Government do not feel justified! in interfering with their action as regards tha cases enquired into, unless stronger cause ia shown tli.i.n at present appears. The Chairman reports that all case3 requiring relief have bcen- dealt with. ' The Chairman further reports that he con siders the number of cases relieved onYorke'a: Peninsula — viz., 338 — very much out of propor tion to the amount of relief required in othefi parts of the colony, and that with a view o£ preventing cases of imposition, which doubtless exist there as elsewhere, and to more effectually aBsist deserving cases, the Board have under consideration the appointment of a visiting officer for the 'Wallaroo District. ' I have the honour' to be, Sir, your obedient — servant, 'J. Bootuby, Under-Secrttary. 'His Worship the Mayor of Moonta.' The Ceisis in the Legislative Council.—^' 'We understand that a meeting of members of tha House of Assembly has been called for 't?ednrs«»- day nest to consider the present position oE political affairs. The Overland TELmnkvu. — TJio Port Darwin line was interrupted beyond Daly 'Waters during Monday, consequently no Euro pean telegrams are to hand. Adelaide University.— A meeting of thes , Senate of the University will be held this after noon at the Iastitute. Sfrington Cotr/istH3 Matches. — These matches will take place to-day. The late mysterious death. — The body of the man who was found lying dead in Twin street on Saturday night has been identified as that of William King, a native of Dundee, Scotland. King, who is believed to be a butcher by trade, lately came out of the Adelaide Hospital, in which institution he has been a patient more than once. An inquest will be held this morning at the Destitute Asylum. The Benson Fund.— A meeting of the sub«' scribers to this fund will be held this evening at the Norwood Town Hall, 