THE SPIRITUALISM PROSECUTIONS. The Spiritualists cannot be altogether pleased with the manner in which Dr. Slade baa escaped upon appeal-not on the merits of the case, bnt because the conviction re. turned to the sessions did not recite with sufficient fullness one particular clause of the Vagrant Act. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine, who appeared for him before the magistrates at the Middlesex Quarter Sessions, con tended that the only material words under which the conviction could have been sap. ported -namely, " by palmistry or otherwise," -had been omitted from the conviction, and on this ground it was ultimately quashed. Dr. Lankester and Dr. Donkin have since applied for freBh summonses, but Dr. Slade had pre viously left for the continent, whence his medical attendant reports that he is very ill, but willing to return. An appeal has mean while been made to the Court of Queen's Bench against the judgment by which the conviction was quashed. j The impostor, Dr. Monck, who was sen tenced under the Rogue and Vagabond Act, in October last, by the Huddersfield magistrates, to three months' imprisonment, on evidence which left no doubt that he had imposed on his audience by means of the commonest conjuror's tricks, had appealed on the ground that the words of the statute did not apply, but the judges of the Court of Exchequer have decided against him. It was submitted that unless the offender was con victed of using palmistry or acts ejusde m generis with it, the act could not apply to him. The case differed from that of Dr. Slade, inasmuch as the important words of the statute, by palmistry or otherwise," had not been disregarded in setting out the charge. Baron Cleasby Roman said it might be quite right to hold that the word otherwise did not apply to anything in its character and pre tences entirely different from fortune- telling and palmistry, but he muBt regard the acts and pretensions of the appellant as so entirely different, something besides fortune telling and palmistry must be held as in cluded, and he could not fix upon any crafty devices more properly coupled for punish ment with those of fortune-telling and palmistry than those set forth in the case as practised by the appellant. The conviction waB consequently confirmed. As regards Win. Laurence, known as the East-end spiritualist, whose ghosts were captured in the fleBb, an application was made to Mr. Justice Hawkins, in chambers, to admit him to bail until the writ of error, for which the Attorney-General has granted his fiat, has been argued. His lordBhip ac. ceded to the application, and made an order for the defendant's release on bail, in his own recognisances for £500, and two sureties of £250 each. 