MARIOLATRY FOR BATHURST. ' The allusion has lately ' been made in' this paper, to the confession of the two natures of Christ in the Church of the Pope, in its cultus of Mary, and an example was. taken from the first pastoral of the Papal Bishop of Bathnrst ; we insert here an article written on the subject on the occasion, ..ten years ago. St. Peter, St. Raul, St. James, St. John, St. Luke wrote .twenty-one epiBtles inspired by the Holy Ghost to the early Christians, teaching them whom and how to worship and where to find grace in time of need. And the name Df the blessed Virgin Mary is got once mentioned by any of .them. St. Luke gives a historical narrative of the Acts of the Apostles and their mode of preaching and making converts, but after haviug merely mentioned Mary's presence with the disciples at the outset, he never more, alludes to her, nor do any of those whose words he preserves, Peter, Raul, Barnabas, Philip, Silas, ,&c.; ' : The. ' Roman- Bishop of Bathuret is of a different spirit. Although professing to build on ; the "rock Peter," lio seems to build of materials very different from hiB base, for his pastoral -is perfectly full of that which is altogether wanting in those of Peter. Indeed i he states that " although better than four months in their midst, " he delayed the issue of the precious document until the festival of the Annunciation should give appropriate emphasis to those dogmata which he loves to glorify— the immacoulate conception and the mediatorial omnipotence of the blesBed Virgin whom he invokes specially under the title of the "Help of Christians." The passion for Mariolatry must amount to ti flhraiioif svknn n d4-i n « RtaK/tn /tan 4n Ir A iin fviii viii w uuii a viiiiouiuu uiaut'p unu uao,u u the awful subject of the Incarnation of the Son of God and absolutely use it only for the purpose of introducing the glories of ' Mary in the spirit of Liguori This is what has been done at Bathnrst. The Bishop states the doctrine of the Incarnation. He calls it rightly "the great and adorable mystery on which hangs the whole economy of our redemption and then he immediately shapes his phrases so as adroitly to introduce His Mother, and thence forward the Incarnation is only an instrument subsidiary toiler deification. It is the "Dig nity of the Mother of God " that is shown by it to be so " sublime, iuconceivable " as to "sur pass all understanding." "How pure, how spotless, how holy must she have been who conceived, brought forth, asd folded in her arms the Holy One. For this end she was conceived without stain of original guilt. What bounds can be placed to the sanctity of her who is the mother of sanctity ? And her power to assist us is the power of a mother with a son," and therefore are titles of the blessed Jesus Himself, given her by this successor of St. Peter — "The Morning Star," " Refuge of Sinners," "Our Life," " Our Hope and therefore seems there no access to JesuB at all but through His Mother. Now this kind of doctrine is common enough in pastorals and manuals since the last novelty was added to the faith of Rome on December the 8th, 1S54, the thirteenth defined addition to the Christian Creed since the session of. the Council of Trent. Any one who takes the trouble to purchase at Mr. Flanagan's, in George- street, that approved book of Liguori's, Hie " (jiories ot Mary," will hnd enough far worse than this to make both his ears to tingle. But we must for the present confine ourselves to what must be termed the argument, for want of a better word, of the titular Bishop of Bathurst. It is really a task from which one shrinks as if he were touching some slimy revolting thing to copy the words on which his reasons turn. V It is literally true," he says, "that a God was conceived, a God was born, a God was suckled at the breast, a God ate and drank, a God obeyed man, a God preached, a God suffered, a God died on the cross, because Christ's human nature subsisted in His Divine Person." Now he had just before stated that He is at the same time trne God and true man — two natures in one person — and yet here he confounds the natures and asserts the horrid blasphemy of the Death of God! Has he no Douay Bible? Or has he that put forth by the authority of Cardinal Cullen, his Irish Primate ? Is not the note to St. John xiv. 28, authorised by the Roman Bishops ? — " Christ being at this time shortly to suffer death, signified to His apoBtles His human nature by these very words, for as God He could not die ; and therefore as He was both God and man it must follow that according to His humanity He was to die." The Bishop Bays "God died;" the Roman Catholic interpretation in his Bible says " As God He could not die, but according to His humanity He was to die." All Hie Irish bishops and the Cardinal adopt the note ? Will not he of Bathurst retract and say it was as man he died — aye, and as man was conceived, born, obeyed, and suffered ? But if all theae tfiinrrH raallv hannanad nnlv according to His humanity, there positively is left us no reason whatever on which to base the conclusion, "She (the Virgin) is as really, and truly, and substantially the Mother of God as the mother of any of us is our mother." . The whole force of the Pastoral depends on the proof of this assertion, and failing to prove it himself, he quotes the words of " a holy man, one of the greatest writers of the day." Who ever he is, however great, he has not learned the meaning of the word hence. , This is the quotation, which in our e \ es does not seem like honouring the Virgin or Christ : — " The Word of God did not merely come and go. He did not merely pass through her as he passes through ns in the Holy Communion. It was no Heavenly Body-which the Eternal Son assumed, fashioned by the angels, 'and brought down to Hub lower world. No ; He imbibed, He Bucked up her blood and her substance into His Divine Person, He became man of her, and hence (!) she is not merely the mother of our . Lord's manhood or of our Lord's body, but she is to be considered as the mother of the Lord Himself — the Word Incarnate." Striking sequence, truly ! Mark its force. He was already God. He imbibed " manhood" from her. Hence, she is not merely the mother of that manhood. And this from one of the greatest writers of the day ; truly the school master muBt be abroad. ' Will the Bishop have a syllogism ? The blesBed Virgin was; mother of that only wliich Ho; imbibed from her. That thing wajB not Deity but humanity. Ergo — She was the mother of His liuuianitv, not of divinity, and therefore not Mother of God. It is evident that the Bathurst new Roman JBishop is a worthy disciple of His Eminence Paul Cullen of Dublin, whose numerous, pas torals I have had the advantage of reading for some years. He also ha9 come fresh from the perusal to the imitation of them. Whether the model is a good one judge ye.- Ho loves to repeat himself, and in four several pastorals he .uses these words, " Nor can it be doubted that the despairing sinner : who sees in a crucified God only a prodigy of justice, has often felt his heart melt into compunctiou as he; raised his eyes to her in whom he saw nothing but mercy." No wonder when the recommended work of St. Liguori, above mentioned says that "salvation of all denends on ureachiner Mar v." . Zaciiary Barry. 