^Chapter i XXX.—Something /must be 'S:. , Done. ./ Before Sir Kenrick'B leave Had come to an end.-. Mm. Piper bad gone to the land where ifliere are nosordid cares,' no gnawing doubts as to the honesty of servants, no heart-corroding regrets at the wastefulness and expenditure of a large, household. Mrs. Piper had gone to that undisco vered country where we may fairly hope that .for/ those, who have lived harmlessly upon earth all is peace. Mr. Piper drove his. smart little pony cart about the country roads and through the village street' as usual; hut he wore sh eltered countenance "and crape to the top of his tall hat. He no longer had a noisy greeting for?every one, no longer quoted Jeremy Bentham or "William Cob bett.: Neverwas widower moredisconso late than Ebenezer Piper. Honestly and truly he mouriied the careful partner of his youth and maturity. , < "There wasn't a finer girl in Great,Yaf-. ford.when me and she was married," he said dolefully, after, a brief eiilogium of her do mestic virtues. ' . - • . Mrs. Piper's monument was to be the glory of the village churchyard. Mi'.Dulci mer was too indulgent and easy to insist upon.a rigid sestheticism in the memorial which the living erected in honor of the dead.' There was a good deal of bad taste in God's, Acre, at Little Yafford, but Mr. Piper was destined .to put up the cap on the edifice by the gaudiest and most expen pensive mausoleum that ever the chief stone , ;m"ason.of Great Yafford had xleyised or executed. ff It' was to'be a sarcophagus "of; th<&' Jstvel casket' shape, with 'four twisted^ columns,' like candlesticks, at the corners, and/a tall urn surmounting the lid. • Each of' thq columns was of a different colored marble, the um was dark red,'serpentine,, with' a malachite serpent coiled round it. ' The Urn . was supposed to contain Mrs. .Piper's dusti, the serpent indicated' that physician's and doctor's stuff had hot been wahiing in .the effort to' keep' Mrs. PiperY. longer upon earth. Scattered?.qver the fluted lid of the sarcophagus were to he flowers sculptured out of colored marble, and cemented on to the white groundwork. The sides of the sarcophagus rvere . to be decorated with shields, richly emblazoned with the Piper arms. Mr. .Piper's arms were his own composition; • his crest a -branch -of the cotton-plant, with flowers.and fruit; his motto, Exse&e.; / Altogether the monument was to be a wonderful thing, and Mr/Piperfelt a pride in contemplating the sketches which' the inasqn had caused to he made, and in pic turing 'to'1 himself !the effect of -the whole when this great work should he finished. The Piper Children, in -black frocks, and in a state of semhorphanage; were a little more troublesome than they bad been in Colored frocks and with an invalid m&mma; as a court of appeal. They brought the ghost of their lost' parent into every argu- . meut. • - " I'm sure Mar couldn't have wished nie tb leam three verbs in one'morning," said Elizabeth Fry. - - " I think Mar would have let me off my lessons if I had a sick headache/' remon strated Mary Wolstencroft. r - " I shall do my duty to you whether you like; it or not;" -said' Bella> resolutely. "Ah, you'd -better take' care !" cried; Brougham. " Mar's in-Heaven; where she cto-see everything youhe up tb, and won't she' make it disagreeable for you when you get there—if you ever do " added the boy, in'a doubtful tone," but I don't think you stand much chance if you go on making our- - lives a misery with Latin grammar." '' Now that poor M*s. Piper had laid down her load of earthly care, Miss Seratchell re stricted her visits to the Park to purely pro fessional limitsi - She entered-the school room.ptinctually-at nine; she left it as punc tually at half-past' on'e. - She no longer assisted at the- children's early dinner, a meal which Mr. Piper/when at home, shared under the name of luncheon. Bella had a keen sense of the proprieties,.and did not care to sit down to luncheon with a dis consolate widower, br to give' Mr. Piper any opportunity to pour his griefs "into her ear, as he would fain have done very often. Mr. Piper was of a soft and affectionate nature, and when he told his griefs to a young woman he could not refrain from, taking^ her hand, and even occasionally squeezing it. This Bella could not possibly permit. She therefore carefully avoided all conversations about the late Mrs. Piper, and as far as was practicable- she avoided ■Mr. Piper himself. " It. seems very 'ard," complained :the widower, " that the time when a man. feels lonesomest is a time for everybody !to' avide him. You might as well atop, Miss Scratchell, and eat your bit of dinner'with' me and the children. You won't get lanxb; and sparrdwgrass athome." r •••• . " I know I shall not, replied - Bella, but I would rather not stay, thank.yon, Mr. Piper." "Why not?" : " My mother wants me at home." "She can't want you more now than she did when poor Mrs. P—— was alive. You never refused to stop then." • I did not like to refuse dear Mrs. Piper . when she was an invalid and wanted every one's sympathy." " You're a good-'earted girl, said Piper, approvingly. "I know what your motive is. You think it. aint proper to.eat your hit of dinner with me now I'm a. widower,. though there's all the children to keep you in countenance. You think it might set the old tabbies up the street talking." t . ■" It certainly does not^require much to do that," replied Bella, .smiling.:, "But I really am wanted at home, Mr.: Piper, and I mustn't stop talking here. I .am going to drink tea at the Vicarage this evening." ":Ah," sighed . Mir. Piper. ," You're a rum girl. It seems to me that everybody wants you. . I shaU send you a bundle of my early sparrow grass." . : " Pray don't take the trouble." ^'Yes, I shall. It costs me about eighteen-pence a stick, so it ought to be good. But'orticultufeis.my'obby." It must be observed that although . Mr.. Piper was a student of Cobbett> and.: had taught himself a little Latin, he had never <been able to'conquer the mysteries of his own tongue. He still spoke as bad Eng lish as in the days when he was a factory hand and had never read a passage of Cobbett's strong tracy prose> or pondered over a thesis of Bentham's. Bella and Beatrix were good friends still, but not such friends as they had been a year—or even six months ago.: There was a restraint on beth sides. Beatrix could not have told why it was, but it seemed to her that there was a change in herself, and a still greater change. in Bella. Bella knew very well what it -was that made her uncomfortable in Miss Harefield's . society. It was the sealed letter in its hiding place in Bella's shabby old bedroom. That sealed letter weighed^ like a load of iron upon Bella's;conscience when she .found herself in Beatrix's company; " and yet; she wasglad that she-had done this thing, if it had, been the means of parting r^yrd - and: Beatrix. ., She would, like to, have seen: hem parted eyen more irrevocably, so that under no circumstances could time or chance bring them. together again. She . was in-this temper of mind when she went to spend the evening at the Vicarage, after her little talk with Mr. Piper in the stone portico in the Park.: . . , , It was a week since Sir Kenrich had made his offer and had been rejected,- He had taken a wonderful fancy to. fishing for pike after that catastrophe, and had brought home some very handsome; specimens of that ravenous tribe; for the Vicarage cook to stuff and: bake,; and serve with - savory sauces for the three o'clock dinner..' : ". " I tbink I shall have to protest, like the highland gillies when they get too -much salmon, if Kenriek-goes onr.bringing; home pike in, this' wayiVsrid Mr.s., -Dqlcimer, when the cover was lifted aad the hungry jawed scaly monster appeared before them. Eenrick WO8 ofLin.'.the jearly.-gray.forhis fishing grounds, so he and Beatrix: only met of ail evening.; He waa;very polite to her,, and evidently bore. no malice,. Hope was j not "altogether extrnguished-in -his- breast. He had'muck confidence in Mrs. Dulcimer^ who had said that something must'be done. Kenrickhad not the faintest idea what this inveterate match-maker meant to do, hut he felt that her friendship would stick at nothing which'd clergyman's wife might dd without peril to her soul. " Bella," said Mrs. Dulcimer, aftei tea/"I want to show you the things' I'v$ made for the-, missionary basket. You might he able to help me a little, perhaps.'' "Ishqllbe delighted, dear Mrs. Dulcif inerj" answered' Bella, inwardly lamenting that it had pleased God to call her to - that station of .life in which her friends always felt , justified in - asking her to work for them. A young woman of fortune like Miss Hafefield-might be as Idle or as selfish as she liked. Nobody even thought of asking for paymentin kind for any' favpr they showed her; hut everybody who did any kindness to penniless Bella Scratchejl .wanted-toextort payment for his car her. civility in needlework or some sort' of /drudgery. ? - > I • • \- "Gomeup toiny.room and look at the things, dear/' said Mrs. Dulcimer.; and then it occurred, to. Bella that her hostess had something to say to her. She. had heard frem; Cyril' that day. perhaps, or had got news of him by , a, side jwind. Bella's heart beat ever so fast at the idea., ;; i : They went up to Mrs. Dulcimer's bed room, a large-old-fashioned chamber, with an immense. four-posted bedstead and' flowery chintz., curtains, a muslin- draped dressing-table a'dorned: with a great many china pote, and' a pincushion that -was, a. j noteworthy feature, ?_ Mrs. Dulcimer's devo tional hooks-i-with a .great many, markers in them,, looking as,i£ they weje read im- . mensely—were arranged- on either side of,, j the looking-glass. She . used, to read Tay lor's ":Hply laving" while Rehecca put her. hair in/papers of an evening. She did npt; readthe " Holy Dying." It seemed a great deal too soon for that.'. . . ;' There was a bright , fire; the chintz covered sofa was wheeled in front of it. Between the; fire and the sqfp. .was Mrs. Dulcimer's work-table, and on the table the missionary basket, full of ingenious trifles useful or ^ useless. Babies' socks, muffa tees, pincushions -of every shape and de sign, and a variety of the aggravating family Of mats. . " Bella," said Mrs. Dulcimer, when they were seated on the sofa, " I have something'' particular, to say-to„ you." , ..., And then the "Vicar's wife told Bella hjer Slan for marryingKenrick and Beafrixj and ow she refused Kenrick on account of hjer attachment to his couffln. " Isn't itta pityj Bella ?" she asked, aftier lengthily expoimding^all this. Yes," answered Bella, looking thought ful, " they: would have suited each other very well, I should think." i . ■ " Think," cried Mrs. Ducimer. " There's no thinking about it. They-were made for eaLch'other." - ■ • - Mrs.-Dulcimer's couples always, were made for each other. It is odd how many of them turned out misfits. ' Bella was reflecting that if Beatrix were happily married to Sir Kenrick Culverhouto, her sin about the sealed letter .would weigh .; lejss heavily., on her conscience-7-pr, indeed^ ■ h^d not wfeigh at MI.'^hat:<»h"ahy' and; ask more than' happiness ? Andr in t^ie eye of the world -Kenrick. was " a. much more suitable'husband for the heiress thjan Cyril could possibly he., j ' "Now I have *been thinking," continued Mrs. Dulcimer, sinking to a mysteridus undertone," that perhaps if Beatrix couldjhe made to think that Cyril; was fickle and inconstant,, and- that before he left. Little Yafford he had got to care for spine qne else-^you for instance," whispered Mps. Dnleirnev: rnrilnTicr a litfla ofuli otTiollo -m-i+Vi Dulcimer; making a little stab at Bella with her forefinger, " it might cure her of ljier foolish attachment' to him. It is ridicu lous that she should go on caring for a man who doesn't love her; when there is a noble young fellow who doe's love her passipn ately, and can make her Lady Culverhouse. If dhe could only he made to think that Cyril was foh^ you, Bella, without actual falsehood," concluded Mrs. .Dulcimer, with a strong emphasis' upon the qualifying adjective, as much .as to say that in so good a cause she would not mind sailing rather near the wind.r ' : . : : " I'm sure I don't know how it is to i he done," said Bella, with a meditative ^ir. "Beatrix is so self-opinionated. -:It is not asif she were aweak-minded pliable girl. She is as hard as rock.": I ' "But you are so clever; Bella. You could-manage anything.- If- I were to say now that I always thoughtCyrilwas vpry fond of you-—and I didthink so for a long time, as you: know,-dear—and if you were to say something that would Sustain that idea, we need neither of us tell ari actual story." "Of course not," answered Bella, piously. " Do yeu. suppose I would tell a story, dear • Mrs. Dulcimer ?" "Indeed, no, my.love. I know hbw truthful you.are."-.; Thus it was agreed between the Vicar's wife and herductjle protege, that some how or other Beatrix was to be persuaded that her lpver had been doubly false' to her; false inabandoning her because evil tongues unaligned her,. false in preferring another woman. 