A &BST-EAND; GEOST 3T0BY. [LEA DEE.] A paper on the-Other World, which appears m the current number of the Church Quarterly Seview, contains the following firfit-liand story, which will no doubt be welcome to many: readers as a contribution to the very large number of authentic stories testifying to appearances of a dying man at the moment of death to distant friends:—" The fact is that this class of what are called ' ghost stories' is so numerous, and so thoroughly well authenticated, that the hesitation would rather be as to whether they be properly supernatural at all. We mean that the question arises whether it may not be possible in the nature of tilings—under certain circumstances—for the departing spirit to manifest itself to distant friends at the inBtant, the fleeting moment, of transition from this world to the cither ? If any one replies, if so, why is it not even more: common ? our answer is easy; There are numbers of things quite natural which are much more uncommon than the well-ascertained instances of this class of event. In the house in. which these pages are written, a tall and wide staircase-window, with a northern aspect, throws a strong side-light on tie entrance into the chief living-room, which stands at the end of a. passage running nearly the length of the: house. It was after mid-day, in midwinter,* many years since, that the writer left ius study, which opens into the passage just: mentioned, on' his way to his early dinner. : The day was rather foggy, but there was no density of vapour, yet the door at the end of the passage SBemed obscured by mist As he advanced, the mist, so to call it, gathered into one spot, .deepened, find formed itselfinto the outline of a human figure/ the Iiead and shoulders becoming more ahij more distinct, while thie rest of the body seemed enveloped in a ganjry cloak-like vestment of many .folds, reaching downwards so as,to hide the feet, and from its width, as it rested on the flagged passage, giving a pyramidal outline, l The full light of the. window fell on the object, which was so thin and tenuous m its consistency that the light on : the panels ot a highly varnished door were visible through ' this : lower part- of tlie dreBs. It was altogether colourless, a statue carved in mist.' - Tlie writer was so .: startled -that he is uncertain whether ho moved forward or stood still He was rather astonished than terrified, for his first notion was that he was witnessing some hitherto unnoticed effect of light and shade, He had no thought of any- • thing supernatural, till, as he gazed, the . head was turned towards him, and ho at qnce recognised: .the -features of • •-a^very dear friend. The expression of his .countenance was that ;of holy, peaceful .. repose, and the gentle, kindly aspect which it wore in daily life was intensified (so the writer, in recalling: the sight, has ever since felt) into a parting glance of , : deep affection. And then, in an instant, all passed away. -The writer can only . compare the manner of the evanescence to the way in which a jet nf steam is dissipated on exposure to cold air. --Hardly;-' till then, did he realise that lie liad been brought into close, communion with ' the .supernatural.; The result was great awe,: but no .terror,-so ihat Instead • of "retreating . to. his study he • went forward -aiid opened the door, cloBe to -n'hicli tiie apparition had stood.? ? Of -. course ho . could. not doubt the import of what he had seen, and the morrow's or. ,the 'next day's post..brought the tidings that his friend had tranquilly passed out of -this world at .the 'time when, he was seen ;by : the writer. It.masfc ho stated ..that itr-was a sudden summons ; that the writer had heard nothing of 'him • for some weeks: previously, and -that nothing had brought him to his thoughts on the day of his docease." The young ladies at the Post Office are likely to remain unmarried—they jare always sending the mails away. 