BPORTI2TCL FEWSBY VALE 8TOOK. The colt by Ace of Tramps from Redbreast has been named Lord Xyndoch. He has beeii taken to Melbourne by Mr. Dakia along with th* fillv bv the some sire from Gwendoline, thn I'Tlrf W*. A.UV A4VV* High Bettixo.— Bather sensational betting las been going on over Savanaka in the Mul loume Cup, that horse being backed to win -40,000 in the great race, most of the money eing staked in a few minutes, This savours f intense speculation when we think of the lumber of good hors«s that are well into the tandicap. A GbMxn Natiohix. Stehplkchasb. — Warr- lambool seems likely to become in racing affairs be Liverpool of Victoria, for its turfites have Tga&ized; a Grand Nationa.1 Steeplechase at heir next winter meeting, proposing to add £00 to the sweep. Ms. Filqatk's St&inq.;— This gentleman, twho- eturned to Victoria lately from Adelaide, taking vith him Qlenormiston and a fine colt by Talk -' the Hill from the imported mare Thalia — tha atter a present to Mr. W. Filgate, juu., from dr. John Hope, of Clare— is taking charge of all £r. W. Pearson's horses for training this season, le will therefore have his hands fulL The lam of the u presentation' colt was one of the ate LHon. J. Baker's most select mares. She raa by Rocket, a son of Melbourne, from a laughter of Touchstone, having a very evenly jalancod pedigree. Mblbouhiw Ctp HAKDiciprwa. — Having ;are fully looked through the Melbourne Cap landicap (says the writer of ' Turf Gossip' iii uhe Australasian) I find there is one most inex ;usable blunder, and that is tho weight given to Mr. T. Ivory's two-year-old filly by Yatten 3on from Lady. That she should concede her allowance for aex and 8 lbs. into the bargain to performers like Savanaka and Bl*ck Eagle is something extraordinary, and I can only account for it by imagining that Mr. Barnard must have mistaken her age, which is no satis faction to her owner, who paid his five sovereigns to have his filly handicapped according to her ieserto. An Ukportcnath Risbr. — That favourite jockey, trainer, and cross-country rider, Richard Kowe, has been unfortunate of lato (says * Sterling' of the Weekly Times) as he has had three severe falls within as many weeks. The first was from Flirt at Belfast ; the next was in the Steeplechase at Warrnambool, where Quick silver fell with and trod on him ; and on Tues day, June 19, when schooling Cruiser in the park, the horse rushed one of the fences next tho railway, struck it, and on landing knuckled over uxd fell, rolling right over Rowe, who received & slight concussion and a very severe bruising ind was insensible for eome time. Thb Waqqa Gold Cur.— Messrs. Walsh Brothers, of Melbourne, have manufactured the Wagga Cup. This trophy has been given by Mr. W. Halliday, a resident of the Kiverina district, which is rich in tho possession of wealthy patrons of the sport of racing. Tho cup is of the Etruscan shape, with handsome floriated handles. One side of the body (Bays the writer of ' Turf Gossip' in the Australasia*) is ornamented by a representation of a portion of the Racecourse and . Grand Stand at Wagga Wagg», tho other side bearing a blue enamelled ribbon inscribed with the title of the Olub ia gold letters. The body is further enriched with scrolls and medallions of horses' heads. The lid is eurmounted by an excellently-modelled figure of a racehorse. The base is made of blackwood ornamented with gold. The cup contains 20 ozs. of fine gold, and is valued at 100 guineas.. Salh of Habicot —Having received a liberal offer for Haricot (says ' Augur' of the Austra lasian), Mr. W. S. Cox has diposed of Mm, and he now occupies a box in T. . Jones's stable- at Prahran. I don't know who his new owner l»t but I believe he is a member of the ring. » ENGLISH SPORTING. Our budget of sporting news by the last mail shows that our friends acrou the water were getting into the thick of the season. There were several race meetings in addition tj tho meetings we seek to particularize ; but they are not of importance, merely filling up what would otherwise be breaks in the flat racing season. The Newmarket Craven MoetiuK began on Tuesday, April 17, and was attended with about the usual degree of success. A good deal of interest was taken from the Nineteenth Biennial by the withdrawal ot the dark borne Morier iu the Derby. This race usually has been taken as an indication of the race for the ' blue riband,' but owing to the circumstance pointed out it was a much tamer affair. On the first day tho weather was very disagreeable with a high wind. The Meeting began with a walkover, Hellenist gaining the Craven Stakes that way. Ecossais won the Flying Stakes and King Clovls tho Post Stakes. The Bushes Handicap fell to the lot of Polly Perkias, and tho Weeds Plato to Alsace. For the Nineteenth Newmarket Biennial twelve horses faced the starter, including the winner of this year's Derby. They wer* The Grey Friar, Masaniello, Jagellon, Atlantic Cable, Briglia, Orthos, Monachus, Silvio, Belphcobe, Chevron, Warren Hastings, and tho Hermit — Mabile filly. Silvio started first favourite, but only managed to get in fifth, Tho Grey Friar winning cleverly by half a length, a like dis tance eeparating Masaniello, who was Bocond from Jagellon, who came in third. The winner of this race is from a Kingston Hire. The Bretbey Plate Handicap brought out a good field, and was won by Breechloader, Kaleidoscope being second, ana Coereleas third. On the second day of the meeting Lady Gohghtly walked over for the Column Stakes, and then a match on tho Rowley Mile took place between Qetrofien and Snare, the former winning. Sugarloaf won tbo Plate of £100, beating Goomame and St. Beeu. Hidalgo won the Nineteenth Sale Stakes, a Plate being then won by Farnese, and Donna carried off the Handicap Plate from a largo field. Salute won the Maiden Plate, beating DaJgorno, Equinox, and others. Nitocris was the winner of the Free Handicap, Chesterfield being second, and Bonfire third. For the Newmarket Handicap ten started — Hidalgo, Tbo Cheetah, Morning Star, Lord Gowr&n;, Gavarni, Iiris, Lanzan, Cerberus, Euxine, and the Parmesan — May Morning colt. The race wan won by Hidalgo by a length and a half, Tho Cheetah being cecond, and Morning Star third. On third day Skylark wsn the second year of the Eighteenth Biennial Stakes, Coltnoas being second, and Timballo third. Little Fif won tho Two-year-old Refuse Plate, Euxine the Welter Handicap, Creature the Selling Stakes, Belle of Sutherland the Maiden Plate, Farnese ft sweep stakes, and Skylark the Claret Stakes. On tho fourth day Chomant frightened all his oppo nents out of the Bennington B takes, and had s walkover. Two Plate* were won by Parchment and Joachim. The Newmarket International Handicap was won by Tassel, Bonchurch being second, and Plaisante third. There were also running Controversy, Ooomassie, Lord Gowran, Tartine, Gloucester, Polly Perkins, and Mavis. Julia Peacham won the Selling Stakes, Land's End the £100 Handicap, and Brown Prince (tho American horse) the £100 Plate. The Epsom Spring Meeting u one that always obtains a large amount of patronage, for although the racing only lasts over two d&ye; the fields are fenerally good and the events well contested, lie City and Suburban is the main dish in this bill of fare, and the handicap which was made by a maiden effort, in spite of the fears of many, brought out 86 acceptances from a nomination of 127. Before the day of the race a rumour got about that Julias Catsar had boen scratched, but when he made his appuarance a Bight of his fine condition gave the he at once to such an idea. The Selling Race, with which the 'ball' wa* opened, fell to Hellenist, with Lord Byron second, and Grey Friar thira. Birdie won tho Maiden Plate, Bird in Haud occupying tho second place, and Bravissimo tbo third. Then came the Hamlet of the ploy, the City akd Sp bub bait Handicap, of 15 iovs. each, 10 ft., 'with 200 added; second received 50 «ovs. ; winners extra. Abont one milo amd a quarter. 121 eubs., ?*() of whom paid 5 sov«. each. Zlz. T. Gee'a Julius Casar, by 8t. Alb .ns — Julie, 4 yrs., 7 st. 9 lbs., car. 7 »t. 10 lba. (F. Archer) ? , 1 l/-rd Rosebery's b.c. Touchet, by Lord Lyon — Lady Audley, 3 yr«., 0 st (Hopkins) ... % Mr. G. Lambert's cbJi. Balbriggan, by Solon —Christmas Pie, 5 yrs., 0 st. 7 lba (Mor gan) ? 3 Chaplet, 5 yrs., 7 Bt. 12 lbs. ; The Snail, agod, 7 Bt. 11 lbs, ; Hesper, 4 yrs., 7 «t. 10 lbs. ; The- Ghost, 5 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs., car. 7 st. 8 lbe. ; John Day, 4 yrs., 7 6t. 0 lba. ; Saint Leger, 5 yrs., 7 st. 5 lbs.; Tassel, 4 y«., 7 «t. 4 lbs., inc. 5 lbs. ex. ; Newport, 4 yra., 7 »t. 2 lbs. ; Chypre, 5 yrs., 7 «t. 2 lbs.; Volturno, Q yra., 6 Bt. 13 lbs.; Bondsman, 4 yrs., 6 st. 12 Ihg. ; Warreu Has'i ings, 3 yrs., 6 st. 10 lbs.; Eosbach, 3 yrs., 6 st. ? lbs. ; Warrior, 3 yra., 8 st. 6 lbs. ; Margarita, 4 yrs., 6 st. 5 lbs. ; c. by Buccaneer— Voltella, 3 yrs., 6 st. 3 lbs. ; Sign Manual, 3 yrs , 5 »t. 13 lbs. ; Bonchurch, 3 yrs, 5 st. 13 lbs. ; Corsair, 3 yrs, 5 et. 12 lbs., inc. S lbs. ex. ) Doctor Gully, 3 yrs., 5 st. 12 lbs. ; Don Carlos, 3 yrs., 5 at. 12 lbs. ; The Cheetah, 3 yrs., 5 st. 10 lbs. ; Jamos Pi«g» 3 yrs., 5 st. 9 It*. ; Oartridgo, 3 yrs., 5 st. 7 lbs.; and Chesterfield, 3 yrs., 5 st. 7 lbs., also started. The following particulars arc from tho ' Sporting Lift : — Betting— 100 to 15 agst. Touchet, 15 to 2 agat, Btftrismn, 8-to 1 agstrJnKtwOaaar, 100 to 12 ani Chaplet, ^J to I agst.'Hesper, 13 to 1 agstf xne Ghost, 14 to- X- each. agst. Bondsman and Sign Manna}, 20 to 1 agst. Voltelkxolt, 25 to I; , each agst., Tassel, 'Warrior, John D»y» Chjrprej ' aad Saint Leger, 33 to 1 agst Margarita, 40 taL) 'agst. Don Carlos, 50 to 1 each agst. Volturnd ,;aad Cartridge, 66 to 1 agst. Newport, 1,000 to IS '' each agst: Bosbach and Corsair, and 1,000 to 5 ^ each, agst. James Pigg and Dr. Gully: Therej '??'wb along delay at the post owing to the diffi-; 'cnltrof getting the field into line, and' it was ' tiwrly hatf an nour after time era the flag fell) ?the start then being a very fair one. The colours of Julius Ciesar were for a few strides ' seen clearly in front, but ha was immediately \- trailed- back, and Tassel ?went on with the lead; xa company with Cartridge, Bonchuxrh, 'Vol-j * fnrno, The Snail, and Warren Hastings, to this lot : succeeding Chaplet, Bondsman, ChypreJ ; Touchet, Don Carlos, Ghost, Hesper, and the ' Toltella colt, Julias C3»ar being in the centre \- of this .division, while in the rear of all wore Balbriggan and Cheetah. As they went past '?the mil© post the leading lot closed up, and ; Warren Hastings with Volturno began to ?teD ; off, so that coming round Tattenham ^Corner Tassel was running in company : with Chaplet, Bonchurcb, and Bondsman; ' these being followed ' by Touchet, Snail,' -Hesper, Don Carlo* Ghost, St; Leger,. and \--Julios Caesar, while Balbriggan began to show; r in the leading dozen. . Comiog down the hill, 'but . before getting fairly into the straight; -? Tassel began to give way, and the running on the \- -tails was taken up by Touchet, who, in company with his stable companion, The Snail (Rosbact*. ;; »t, the- bend running very wide)* were at the head of affairs, Chaplet here was . beaten, as .- irece Bondsman - and Bonchurch; but well up with the leaders on the whip hand were Mar . garita, John Day, and Hesper, pulling double, and on the inside, Don Carlos and. St. Leger, -with Julius Ceesar treading on their, heels, and \- to this division was the race confined. As they approached the distance St. Leger and Don * Cailos were done with, and The Snail ran up to i Touchet'd head, the pair now being waited on by \- Julius Csesar to the Bell, whore he had his head r given him, and at once going to the front strode -. along, and won in a canter by six lengths ; three-quarters of a length separated Touchet from Balbriggan, who passed The Snail on the i post, the last-named finishing fourth in front of I .Hesper, John Day, The Ghoat, Cartridge} iChypre, St. Leger, Warrior, Bosbacb, and -.Cheetah, who finished as nearly as possible- in j the order their names are written, the last lot -feeing the Voltella colt, James Pigg, Tassel, Dr; \- -Sully, and Warren Hastings. Time, 2 min. 18 ?sec Value of the stakes, £1,360. ' ' ? The winner of the City and Suburban has id ? bis veins what seems by the racing performances! \- of late years to be a very successful cross — the .'Touchstone upon Stockwell. He is by St.' Albans, the sire of Proto-Martyr, from Julia by : Orlando, her dam, Miss Apple ton, being si * daughter of Bay Middle ton. He was purchased; in June, 1674, by Captain Machell for 1,600 guineas, and won the Westminster Stakes at the Epsom Spring Meeting. He was then purchased! by Lord Ay leaf ord, and afterwards passed into the hands of Mr. Robert Peck for 3,300 guineas; He last year ran second for the Two Thousand, , and third for the Epsom Derby, Prince of Wales /Stakes, and Doncaster St Leger. Mr. Gee bought him afterwards for 5,000 guineas. * - Paramatta won the Durdan's Stakes, Edward 'the Third the Welter Handicap, Grace the! 'Westminster Stakes, and Queen the Stamford \- Plate. On the second day Sutherland won thaj f Great Surrey Handicap, Belphoebe, afterwards! ' winner of the One Thousand, being second!. 'Creature carried off the Beaufort Stakes, and Sfc Monte the Pall Mall Stakes. For the Great; I Metropolitan Stakes John Day, Norwich, Lilians ? Gloucester, Lord Birner, and Iron Duke started, \- John Day, by John Davis from Breakwater, won \- by two lengths, Norwich being second, and .Lilian third. Granada was the winner of the .Railway Welter Stakes, and La Merveille of the Hyde Park Plate. The Prince of Wales Stakes fell to Balbriggan, and Her Majesty's Plate was won by Kingsclere, a son of Lord Clif den. ' The Newmarket First Spring Meeting wit '?' nessed a number of large fields for the minor events, and a very good lot in the two great racea of the week. On the first day Breechloader ; won the Two Thousand Trial Stakes, Equinox Jihe Two- Year-Old Sweepstakes, Conjuror thd First Welter Handicap, Bonnie Lassie the Selling Plate, Ninoblante the Flying Handicap Sweepstakes, and Tassel the Prince of Wales ,' Stakes (handicap). On the Two Thousand Day 1 Skylark, contending with Ooltness, won the Pnnce of Wales Stakes. The Two- Year-Old 'Plate was won by a filly by Lord Clif den fromj Gemma, and Petrarch walked over for a 50 sot. sweepstakes. We abridge from the Sporting £-ft a description of ? ThrTwo Thgt*3aot Guheajj Stajces, of 100. '. sovs. each, h.ft.; for three-year-olds ; the second received 200 sovs., and the third saved his stake. ' KJiL (1 mile 17 yards), 101 subs. \ Count F. de Lagran^e's b.c. Chamant by \ Mortemer — Araucaria by Ambrose, 8 st. :.;;10Ib8. (J.Goater) ? ... ... I Mr. M. H. Sanford's b.c. Brown Prince, 8 st. ' ? 10 lbs. (Custance) ? 2 ' Lord Falmouth's b.c. Silvio, 8 st. 10 lbs. (F. ?Archer) .. ... ... ... ... 3 * Thunderstone, Buccaneer, Monachus, Monk, Klhgsclere, Warren Hastings, Strachino, and Morier also started. Betting— 2 to 1 agst.' , Morier, 9 to 4 agst. Chamant, 7 to 1 agst. Strachino, 100 to 8 agst. Thunder .'stone, 100 to 7 agst. Silvio, 25 to 1 agst' Monk, 100 to 3 ag3t. Brown Prince, and 50 to 1 each agst. the Voltella colt and 'Warren .'Hastings. At the second attempt the lot were dispatched to a capital start, Monachus in the 'centre soon working his way 'to the front, and making play with a slight lead of Brown Prince, while wide on the lower ground Monk came on ' third, just in front of Silvio and Chamant, who '.were on his whip hand, the Frenchman being 'about a length behind Lord Falmouth's colt,; Whilst just Dehind, the leaders were Thunder-; ' atone and the Voltella colt The colours of ' Morier at this early, stage were seen well up on the right in company with Kingsclere, the abso 1 lute last being Strachino, who was wide dn the ' right by himself, and in a corresponding posi tion on the left, behind Chamant and Monk, was ' 'Warren Hastings. In' much about this order the ' lot ran to the T.Y.C. winningpost. .' where ? Morier was seen to be already 'in difficulties, and loud shouts proclaimed' life downfall, and here Strachino begar. to draw near his horses. On the other 'hand Warren Hastings and Kingsclere were .already tailing off. In the leading division Monachus was still sailing along in 'company with Brown Prince, while close, . close up were Monk, Thunderstone, and Silvio J Chamant also being handy, and thus they came to the Bushes, where Monk, Thunderstone, and .the Voltella colt hung out sigiials of distress.' ;: Here Silvio took third place, with Chamant ''alongside; and, Strachino, wide by himself, 'close, ' op with Morier, Kingsclere and Warren Hast-' ;ingg toiling hopelessly in the rear. Aa they. 'came down the. hill to the dip, Monachus; .^resigned his lead, and Brown Prince and Silvio! r heliva trifling advantage of Chamant, who was'. ' going well within, himself. Before reaching the' . hollow, Strachino was settled, and Goater, ^brought Chamact to the front*, and though the American (who had always been second or third)i And Silvio made a gallant effort, the race was ^really over, as directly Goater shook up, Cha , mant he drew to the front . without an effort, and won in a canter by a length from Brown 'Prince, with Silvio neit, three-quarters of a ,length off ; then, clear of these, came the Voltella; -colt, Monachus, Monk, and Thunderstone in the) Norder named, with Strachino, several lengths off, next,, in front of Morier and Warren Hastings,; ;'-with Kingsclere last Time, 1 min. 50 sec J ^Value of the stakes, £5,200. j r '.The Welter Stakes was won by Magnet, the' |l^ay Stakes by Pardon, and the Handicap Plate pby Sheldrake. On the on! day of the meeting1 tne'Handicap Plate was won by Lacy, the 2100 .Plate by Breechloader, the Maiden' Plate byj jl)alganio, riie Selling Stakes by Conquest, the* Sfand Handicap by Meg Merrilies, the First 'Two-year-old Stakes by Daredevil, the Second 'Welter Handicap Plate by Wobdndge, and the Burwell Handicap by Cerberus. On the One Thousand day Mr. Savill'a Parmesan— May .Morning colt— led off bv' winning the 200 Sovs. *Ph-te from a small field. The Selling Stakes fell to Father Mathew, the Third Welter Han 'dicap Plate to Carthusian, and the Two- Year- old Selling Stakes to Full Charge. The following, ^account of the great race of the day is abridged', !f rdm the Sporting Life. .— ^ - . ; j * (.Owe TR0CSA-'D-GriNEAs, a subscription of 100-; ^s^vs: each, for thriee:y ear olds. 34 subs. '? , . JLord'HartingtoQ's EeJpb-x-be, 'by'Toiophilite : ? r '-.— Taga', 8 st. 10 ltw. (H. Jeffrey) ... 1 ... 1' 'Mr'/ J: Acsley?s Lady Ho'nald, 8 st/lO'lbi.' [ ;? (Perry)..: ...; J;.. '.:./.-. -.,. .;. _2f 'Io?d FalinoutH's Lady Golightly, 8 st. 10 lba. ' ; \ (F. Archer) ?' ;./ :_ ... . ;'...- '; ... _ . ;., :%. ' '\ Briglia, Magnolia, 'Manceuvre, Palm Flower,' 'Morgiaua, Nitocria, Plaisante, Probate, Dee,' Sfart, Gavotte, Miiobolante, Helena, Spiegel-: sch'lff, ' 3ifirTaia, and Lent Lily .' also . started.; * JBe'tting|-3 t? 1 agst. Palm Flower, 100' to 30 agst.1 *3Cady Golightly, 8 to 1 agst Morgiana, 9. to 1 'iaglsfc' Helena, 100- to 7 agst'lTitocri»,:Plai3ante, 'and Miriam, 100 to 6 agst Belphcebe, 20 to 1 ?.agst Tribute,' 100. to 3 agst. Lady Ecnald, 40 to '1 ngst. Mlrobolante,' and 50 t3 1 agst: Dee. Tribute was rather fractious at the post, but the; delay was rot-long ere the flag fell to a capital iU^vUavotte, ' who w»i ;-m the right, flHovmi the way at first in-froatof-Flaisante who was oq lower ground, while in \ the centra were MirianJ and Mirobplante, just in, frtjnt of Palm Slower and Lady Golightly, this lot being bat a short way behind tbe leaders, On the Ipwer ground] io attendance on Plaisante, were Tribute, Lady Ronald, Morgiana, and Spiegelschiff. . Then on the top' ground behind Garotte were Helena, Dee^ and . Lent Lily, Belphcebe in the centre haying a position near Lady Golightly. Before a quarter of a mile had been covered Garotte ana Lent IITy began to tail off, but Helena was still fairly well up on the right as they came pa«i the T.Y.C. .winning-post. By the time thd Bushes were reached it was seen that Morgiana was in trouble, as also were Helena and Palm Flower of the prominent favourites, and matters were still further narrowed by Spiegelachiff and Briglia, who had been up to now seen well uji falling into the rear. As they commenced the destent from the Bushes Plaisante was still showing the way, with Lady Ronald in close at-j tendance' just ahead of Lady Golightly and . Bel* phoebe, and .the leader kept her position until tight in the dip, where the four last named had the:race to themselves. Directly the' ascent was commenced Plaisonte was beaten, and gave way -to Lady Ronald and Lady Golightlyi who caine np the- hill with Belphcebe at their giitiM..' , Halfway up the bill Jeffry brought Belphcebe .wish one run, and gradually getting her in front, woe a fine race by a neck from Lady Ronald, who was a head in front of Lady Golightly, the three being about a length before Plaisante ; then, several lengths off, cam* Tribute, Briglia, and Start in single file, ahead of Spiegelschiff, Nitocria, and Palm Flower. The last lot, with the. exception of Lent Lily, who trotted in, comprised Helena, Dee, : an4 Gavotte. Value of the stakes, £4,750. : The Two-year-old Stakes was won by Bel Ange, and . King Cloris walked over for the Newf market Stakes. . ? ' The Chester Meeting, though, not favoured with the. choicest of weather, drew crowds of spectators. Extinguisher won the Groavenor Stakes, Hippias the Wynnstay Welter Handi; cap, Gwendoline the City Stakes, and Dunsnow the Mostyn Stakes. Grey. Friar carried off the Belgrade Cup, Serape the Curzon Plate, Grace the Vale Royal Stakes, King Offa the Welter Plate, and Extinguisher the Dee Stand Cup. Froir '? '?-?7-- .v«m we clip a description of the Cup A.uce: — ???'?'..?'.. ? , Chbstee Tbades Cup (handicap), of 500 sovs. in specie, added to a sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, 15 ft. ; winners extra. Nearly two and a quarter miles. . : . ! Mr.Gretton's Pageant, by Elland— Panoply, ! 6 yrs., .7 st 10 lbs. (Glover)... ? 1 Mr. A. Baltazzi's John Day, 4yrs.,8st lib., ' inc. 10 lbs. ex. (Maidnient),.. ... ... 2 Lord Robbery's Snail, aged, 8 st 2 lbs. (Con- ' stable) ? ... ... -.'. ... 3 Footstep, 4 yrs., 7 st. 13 loa^inc 10 lb. ex., car. 8 st.; Clonave, aged, 7 st. 3 lbs.; Newport, 4 yrs^ 6 st 11 lbs. ; Skotzka, 5 yrs., 6 at. 4 lbs. ; CoUiogbourne, 5 yrs^ 6 st. ; Highland Laddie 4 yrs., 6 st. ; Sans Reproche, 3 yrs., 5 st 7 lbs.,* also ran. JBetting— 9 to 4 agst Snail, 9 to 2 agst. Skotzka, 5 to 1 agst Footstep, 9 to 1 agst. John Day, .10 to 1 agst Collingboume, 100 to 6 each agst. Sans Beproche and Pageant, 20 to 1 agst Clonave, 25 to 1 agst Highland Laddie, 40 to 1 agst. Newport. There was one break away ere the flag fell- to ; a capital start, Pageant being the first on his legs, but he was soon pulled back, and Skotzka took the lead, making running from. Newport* Collingboume, acd Highland Laddie, the four coming past, the Stand/clear of Sans Reproche, Snail, and Pageant, while in the rear of all were Footstep and Clonave, the Irish horse being the, absolute whipper-in. Rounding tne Workhouse turn there was no change of importance beyond that the first four took rather close order, a clear gap separating them from the others, who were fairly level, with the exception of Clonave, whd was some lengths in the rear. Going along the Dee Bide Highland Laddie withdrew from the front division, and Skotzka on making the Grosvenor turn for the first time sailing along in company with Newport and Collingboume, while at a clear interval came Sans Reproche; Snail, Footstep, and Pageant in the order named, Jobn Day having fallen into the rear with Clonave, and beyond that the last-named drew up on the rails and held about sixth place. As they passed the t-tand there was no change, though the lot were on considerably more equal terms. The pace told on Skotzka, who as they made the Workhouse turn was headed by Newortand Col lingboume, and before the railway bridge wu reached was behind Sans Reproche and Snail; who were followed in close company by Pageant and Footstep until half way along the Deeside, where Newport lost his command, and Colling* bourne for a few strides showed in front, onlyi however, to be passed by John Day and Clonave, who just before reaching the Grosvenoc Bridge were in command, the Irish horse having about half a length lead of the Metropolitan winner, next to whom came, Collingboume, Snail, and Pageant Footstep was here in difficulties, while Skotzka, Sans Reproche, and Highland Laddie were tailed ofL Clonave went on with tbe running from this point, just in advance of John Day, who was on the rails to the straight, where he was done with, as also was Colling^ bourne, and Snail became John Day's nearest attendant, with Pageant close handy on the whip-hand. At the distance Snail challenged for the lead, and got up to John Day ; but while their friends' hopes were at the highest Glov.er brought up Pageant, who, full, of running, ai once went to the front, and won in a. canter by four lengths— three between second and third. Cbllingbourne was fourth, just .in advance of Clonave and Sans Reproche, while at', intervals came Newport, Footstep, Highland Laddie, and Skotzka. Antelope won the Cambermere. Staites Handi cap, King Offa the Eaton Stakes, and Grace the Tenth Beaufort Biennial Stakes. . Leveret carried off the Chesterfield Stakes, Gaberlunzie the Bodmihton Stakes, Bonnie Robin theDed Stakes, Gwendoline the £100 Plate, Herald the , Castrian . Handicap, and Warrior the Stewards' ? Cup, Slander walking over for the Earl Chester's Pkte.' The last day of th^ meeting is not reported in our latest files. ' : The French' Two Thousand — the Paula dTSssai— was won by M. Lupin's Fontainebleaij by Dollar from Finland, Bataille being second^ . and Vemeuil third. Five others started. ! .-? The French Jockey Club has lost its Presi dent, Viscount Dara, who after a short illness died at Paris on Sunday, April 14.. . - We hear 'on good authority (says the Sporting Life) that the Mentmore Stud, organized by the; late Baron Meyer de Rothschild, has, in cons&i; quencft of the death of Baroness Meyer de Rothschild, become the property of Miss Hannah ' de Rothschild, who has placed its entire super intendence in the hands of Mr. Leopold and , Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild. The working! arrangements and management rest with Mr. Markham, and the yearlings will as usual be sold at Newmarket in the July Meeting. : . ? . ? . ; His'Royal Highness the Duke of Conneught carried off what may be calltd the blue riband of the hunting fields of Ireland by winning the Meathi Redcoat Race (which wound up their very suc cessful season on Thursday,the 26th April), with his mare Kathleen/ridden by Mr. W. G. Knox, R.H-A. The ttmu (says the Home News) was at Carlanstown, near Kells. The course was rather longer than the Ain tree Grand National track, and taxed a hunter's powers very severely. ; The death of Admiral Sous, at the age of 82* is announced in our English telegrams. We seer by onr latest files that the deceased took ai leading part at the meeting of the Jockey Club held in the spring at Newmarket r '? .Russia asi- Eugxaxd. — The treaty between! England and {the Khan of Khelat (the Noxoi Trrnya, of St Petersburg, declares) Is anothei attempt oh the part of the British Government to check the power of Russia. ' In Europe,' it saysy? Russia Is no longer dangerous ;\her roadi to Constantinople is blocked, her influence over; the Slav 'seems to be paralyzed, and the Bos-i phorus and, the Black Sea are sufficiently . pro-' tected against her. But this is not enough; for tfte victory is not yet complete— indeed, it| can hardly ever . become so. . Embarrassing diisensions have broken out among the: European) Powers in their conflict with Russia, and even* among politicians.. AH this may be set 'right,* but Europe 'hardly afford* a favourable arena f ori such a struKgle.from a moral point of view. In] Asia it is different; Hussia, according toth^ English view, presents a. great danger for the) integrity of the English possessions in India : and ir is easier successfully to resist her by; gathering the Mbhammedana round the banneii of the Prophet, and granfing.'subsidies to ' the native rulers. This is th& true explanation o£ ?the treaty with the Khan of Khelat . ?'. 1 '.But ;the subsidies. for all these Asiatic.' rulers^ must' indeed b« large in amount to raise' up a really strong barrier against Russia/, We ar^ convinced .that Lord Beaconsfield' will be ad unsuccessful . in Asia as in Europe,^and, thai Asia, especially now, affprda a richfieU fos the pjans or Russia. We will not. enlarge on this: point, but win ;only add that if ,Rus«a.&hpuld; thus succeed by. a sidewind.' in approaching her; object— the emancipation of : the^ Slavidnic -racesj — we are ready, to hail with, joy an ;aUiance with Persia, with tte'Ameez'of' Cabul, and even with) the Hindoo Sheiks.'! (),.:. V ?? ? , : ?'?',. ', ? ! 