SOUTH AUSTRALIA, HisEicelioiloy Sir "William ^ervoisj tfae new | Governor of South Australia, arrivod at the scat of Government on the 2nd instant.* Ho I has mot with a hearty welcome from tho people. | ovor whom he is to rule. From the time that 1 His Excellency set foot oh ehoro at Fort Ade laide till'his return to Government House, I after tho ceremony at tho Town Hall; ho was I the subject of a perfect ovation, andhemust have been convinced of tho hearty satisfaction.. of the people at Her Majesty's choice. From tho Adelaide Chronicle and Mail wo learn that. after tho ceremony of swearing-in Sir William Jervois as Governor of the province had taken placo on the 2nd instant, an Executive Council,. meeting was held, at which all tho Ministers ' were present. Mr. J. H. B. Warner, M.A., , was appointed His Excellency's Private Secre tary and Clerk of tho Executive Council; and Captain H. G. Debonairc Haggard his provin cial Aide-de-Camp. The SouthAnstralian Government have sent U . telegram to their Agent in London as follows J—• • "Despatch forty single mett . monthly, per Orient steamers, commencing Cuzco, if calling - at Adelaide. .Cost not to exceed £15 each." - Tho Cuzco was appointed to sail from England on September 27. The, making of tho Government "Wharf at PortPirie is progressing rapidly. ' , It is in-1.' tended as soon as possible to get the steam dredge to work alongside the wharf, and' pre* - pare a borth. capable of accommodating at low tide ships of irom 800 to 900 tons. When this is accomplished, vessels of largo tonnage. can - easily bo towed up and down at high tido and lie alongside tho wharf without fear of damage , at lowest tides,- and from fifteen to twenty feet . at low water etui be got with very little trouble and expenditure of tnrio or labour. " Fort Fine sots an example ta other ports in tho manner it can get through* its shipping business. A short. time ..back tho Euro, steamer, was loaded with 1,000 bags of wheat . in the short space of 4 \ hours. The ghost of tho Marquis of Waterford or one of his boon companions must bo stalking it around Fort Adelaide. One fine morning lately it was found that nearly aU the sign boards had been interchanged, to tho confusion of the lieges. What strengthens the idea that the old London Haymarkot choico spirits wore sit work is that knockers were wrenched off. ■. Tho point to which the rabhit nuisance in ; South Australia has reached is proved by the fact- that during the month of September, the Kapunda Babbit Company purchased no less than 45,800 rabbits, a comparatively small number, owing to the wet weather preventing- ' operations for the greater part of the month/ 'Last week we referred to che establishment cooking classes in Adelaide. From the Chronicle wo oxtract the following on the same subject: The cooking classes under the joint auspices of tho Ladies* Committee of the Servants' Home and of the Chamber of Manufactures bid fair to prove a great success. Lost week about 40 ladies attended the morning class, and' on Monday, October 1* thcro wore no less thaa CO members present. The cook, Mrs. Birch more, is not in appearance at all like the tradi tionary necessary evil of tho domestic estab lishment—hasty in temper, fiery erf face, and herself in a perpetual stow—but is a neat* intelligent, respectable young woman, who evi dently understands her business. To quote tho words of a high Parliamentary authority, abo gives a sort of peripatetic itinerant lec ture* including ah accurate colonial synopsis of the noblo aft of cookery, delivered in a lucid, vivid, and convivial manner. The ladies take • notes, and witness the Various operations of cooking as Mrs. Birchmoto performs and ex plains them. She workB at a table cm which are laid meats, bread, lemons, sauces* condi ments, butter, cream, eggs, spicos, vegetables', as peas, carrots, celery, onions, lettnce, &o.;« - with plates, dishes, basins, knives, boards, and tho other necessary paraphernalia of a : good kitchen table. Bohind her is a neat gas . stove, famished with pots and pans—every thing scrupulously clean and. in order. Tho student asks questions occasionally, which aro answered promptly and in telligently by tho cook lecturer. Sovornl of Uio ladies of the committeo, vho take a great 1 interest in tho movement, woro present—« Mesdomes Colton, Davenport, Hvcranl, and Oawlor. Amongst tho students woro soverut.. married ladies, as well as a • largo number of 6inglo onos, worthily qualifying for future household duties. Tho lesson lusted throo - hours, from 9.30 to 12.30, and at 3 p.m.: a similar lesson was given to the servants* c'ass, which was attended by twenty very respectable • looking young women. On Monday tho sub- ' ject was Boup, and tho method of making the following was exhibited and explained« Gravy soup, vermicelli, ox-tail, green pea, mulligatawny, and julion. Thero is no doubt . that a good work will bo accomplished by the establishment of these cooking classes, and if thoy aro followod up by classes to teach houso* maids* and laundry-maids' work, tho honofit derivable from their institution will bo con-i 