ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY'S SERMON ON CONFESSION. On Sunday evening lasfc9 aa v/ag r,nno«nce3, big Grace the Arohbiohop delivered the first of tlia &S70; Lenten Sonaons v/kich. wove interrupted by tho lamented death of the late Archbishop. As unual on ouch occaoionG a very large congregation attended. Hio Grace said : Circumotanees over wbioh ho bad no control prevented him from carrying onfc his intention of oddreGaing tho people on the Sunday evening previous to Banter Sunday, and on Eaote'r Sariday itaoli ; and thus he had not been able to fininii tho courss of mGtrno'.ioun which he proponed fco givo ao a preparation for fobs Paaohol ComracaioE. Tt/g moot iinportaufc. oubjo3to had than bean laf!; nntonohed, viz., that ol Confeoaion and tlint of Oomrnonion. He pnr poaed daring thin nndl Bend Sunday eveniDf* {.;- supply tbio omission. And ho folt that thsre waa a cpeoial fitaeBD juof) now in dealing with these coEtaiderationo. Wov nest Sunday wa.fi to bo celebrated throughout Sho Catholic world tbo fiftieth anniversary of the Episcopate of our Holy Father-, Popo Piuc IS. And fcho Holy Father hac, in hia love for hia children, been good enough fco make that day a day of eapsoial joy and thanksgiving. He has granted a Plenary Indulgence and remlocion of all their □iac to oil and eaah of tho faifchf al of Christ, who, anaioting at Mans and having been to Con feaaion and Communion, shall, on the third day of Juno, pray for throe oopecial objecto, via,, fche converoioa of Dinners, the propagation of the faith, end tho peace and triumph of tho Chorcb. of Rome. Thua, to confeaa and to comcaunicato are amongst the conditions] laid down by the Popa for gaining fche Plenary Indulgence which ho do graciously grants. And there io no doubfc that the efficacy of our prayerc will much depend upon the diapooitions v?e bring with u°, to the naored tribunal, and to the altar-rails. Le1; up, then, make uss of thin opportunity so loving'y held out; to us by the Vicar of onr Lord ; and do our very beat to moke as perfect r.nrl acceptable q Confeooion aa we can, go that we may, ou ihr; great fcaat-day of our Lord's Y car, receive that same Lord, his Lord and our Lord3 with the moafc ardent love, and with hearts and f.enocj purified from every smallest 3tain of ain or imperfection. No bettor or more worthy offering could we make to our Holy Father on auoh aa occasion fchaa the oblation of our whole beings to his and our Master,, when, at the holy table, we receive Him, the Living Broad, that came to ua from Heaven. Let ua then one and all eater into tho Bpirifc of fchece two meditations and instruction!}, ' and nfcriva all we can do to profit; by them fchnb we may on Sanday next, after having wept over our slun and promised fco sin no more, begin a new life, and so eat of that Brand Shot we may live for ever ! Lefc us recall then for n moment the points of our L3nten meditationOj do that wo may naito those insfcruc tiono with thoae, and fchuo join together in thought 4ho3Q considerations which hava been separated through lopse of time. Having then meditated oa wa have done, with caloaaess and BeiiouoneaG, on our last ends we are now r3adys it ia to be hoped, to make any earthly sacrifice, to go through any aheme, rather than prevancafco agoinafc it. if we attain that end, wo have attained everything worth attaining ; if we have fallen ahorfc of ifc, we aro irretrievably, irreparably loafc. Of fchic wo are new aa fi-mly convinced aa we are that we have a personality and are entrusted with an immortal son!. Posseosing fehic over- mastering desire to attain our end, we'esnnot; bafa experience an intends averaion to anything that acts aa a bar io its realization. We know wkafc the one great bai ia : we have meditated upon sin : wa hive seen ifeo malccG initselfj our natural tendency towards ifcj and the damage that it does to the soul, We now more clearly than ever perceive it to be our one deadly enemy, the one grand foe of our livoD. We have resolved manfully to withstand it ; to Buffer anything rather than give way fco at-; and to ugo every necessary means for keoping ib at bay, and for preserving our soula firae from, ifco Goufcaminatioo. Now, he who really desires the ond, muat of necessity deaire tho means, and musb put fchem in energetic ccMon. We hove cono'dared fcho especial icsferuEflenfcc by which ain io kept at bay, and by which the uoul io fittod for Heaven ; th^aa inofcrtanaontiJ, no we have aeon, aro Grace nnd Prayer— Graco, by moana of which we are ntrengfchoQod nbovo our otreagfch, illumiuated above our nataral light, and snado holy boyon-3 onr natural virtue ; Graoe, by means of which wo ava lifted up to a oupernatural pla' form, and are put in a poait'oD, through the help of the Spirit, to walk along from glory to glory towards Ihe opon viaioa of our Lord. And then Prayer, by moana of which we draw more and more grooo into our ooulu, become fellow compnniona of tho aoiotG, Dasociateu of the angels, and intimated of oar Gavlour Himself. We raiao up our prayer fco God0 and He sends down Hio grace in return. Wo look up to Him, lifting imploring handsj or bending down pros trate on the earth in calf-nnnihilation ; and Ho, evor with Hie eyec unto onr Prayers, is ready to receive tho humblo and contrite of heart, and to fill thoas who love Him with choiceot bsaodlctioa, Tkcso two maafcerinstru Dieato we bavo mado up our minda earnestly to uce, for wo feel conviuccd that without them it will bo absolutely impoaollble for ug ever to attain our oad. Now,, 'fcho ncfcaral effects of grace oncl prayer on a aotil thsfi has boon baptized,, and lias boon bi'our;!it np in tbo fceaoh inga of rovolntion na proposed by tho Church cfi God, io to urge ifc, ouVjacfc na it kuowa itcolf to bo tooin, to afurtuor ofcop in tho direction of iti salvation. No man who knowo the metiniiijif and end oi Bnptio.n can pooaibly imagine that Ho who in His nioroy inatifcufced that ordinance for tbo wiping out of oin would Gtop there. If tho end of Bnpfciani fa go to cloanco fcho godI from j original and actual oin, ao to fill ib with grace as ' to fit it to receive tho ^losy of tho blessed, H Btauds to reason that some additional assistance ?would be afforded to man, somo other instrua meut would lie placed within his reach, through which hi) might receive still further help and protection, considering the proclivitiea of his nature aud tho power of temptation, external and internal, over bim during the course of an ordinary life. To bestow on man an instrument which frees bim from Gin ia hio ohildhood, aud then to abandon him during his whole youth, manhood, end old age^entirely to hia own devices, would aeem moro like trifling with him than according him r, mercy. If he requireo grace at the beginning, does he no!; require it; at tho middle and at tho end of life ? Doea it not stoud to reaoon that the same temper of thought ful consideration for the creature which invented Baptism for him would not leave him helpless when in greatest peril, but would perfect tho good work and furnish him with some strong, firm support during the battle of life, and arm him for the espeoial purpose of confronting the multitudinous onemioo of hin soul ? And this io all the moro to be expected when v/e find that a Sacramant of Strength, andj|a Sacrament of Food, and a Sacrament of Uuction are provided for him. St. Jerorco calls the Sacrament of Penance the second plank, to signify that when a man haa had the mi3i0rtu.no to make shipwreck of his innocence alter Baptism he otill haa the plank or spar of Peca^ee to cling to, and fchua may yet secure tho salvation of hio soul, Again : our Lor.i'a tender compassion for the weaknesses of man would scarcely allow Him to leave him in that sadness, uncertainty, indeed ngony, of heart which ho would inevitably experience if left wholly to himself in a matter so intimately bound up with hia eternal interests as the know ledge of hia spiritual oondition and the forgive ness of hia sins. Christ knew how difficult id ia for a man to act fairly when a judge on his own csse. He knew how subtle man's heart ip, how prone to flatter and deoeive him, aud how poor a-ohance he would stand of coming- to the truth if ho were both criminal and judge at the simetime; both the patient to suffer and the physician to prescribe. How caa man be prudently trusted to decide regarding hia own interior dispositions, end the true character cf bia sorrow ? .Was it intended by Him who nave man Baptism to allow him to walk and fight through life aloDe, and to possess no orite:ion -by which to judge his state, no clear starling . point from which to begin a new Ufa and to commence a more generous service? Mo3t mercifully and wisely has our Master provi.led for our wanta as well as our weaknesses. He has ins'.ituted for us a Sacrament of forgiveness, which at the same time acts as an antidote to our anxiety and desolation : that is to Bay He lias instituted the Saorament of Penance. Here the sinner is not left to the darkness and oloud of hia own imaginings and! the wanderings of his own heart. He hag a distinct and searching process to go through. He is forced to examine his conscience thoroughly, to be heartily sorry for sins, to pro pose amendment, to snako satisfaction ; he haa to'opeu out his ooul, to display hia weakness, and to confess hia shortcomings to one appointed to bo his Judge, who will, if he finds the peni tent in proper dispositions, absolve him and sat him free to bogin again to live to God. Hero the Binnor realizes his position : he has per formed an ac!i which tends to give him confi dence : he haa heard the voice of God's repre» sentative,— for Christ Himself speaks ia the priest — and tho penitent goea from the Tribuual encouraged, and prepared to start afresh in the service of his Master. More than this ; such a Sacrament bringo before the mind most vividly the work of Christ's Pasoiou. Through its efficacy faa blood of the Lamb ia poursd upon ua ; our transgressions committed after Baptism are washed away; and we feel a consciousness that thi3 most consoling efieet hoo been proo duced through the instrumentality of an 0 di nanco provided by a merciful Saviour for that speoial purpose. Let us this evening throw our meditation as usual into three points, do thai; by taking them apart and then together we may fully realize what this health-giving Saoramaat is, aud discover how far we have been remiss in our duty with regard to it. Lat uo then take tho three parts of Penance. Pirofc, we will consider what Contrition ia 5 we next wiirtouch upon ? Confession ; and lastly we will deal with Satis faction. But before wo enter upon these points it will not ba amias to strengthen our faith by considering the origin and institution of thi3 sacrament. Mow, nil Chrintiano admit that Chri-ji/a principal mission on earth wan to s.ive man from oin, and to give him a facility for gaining Hoaven. It therefore stands to reason thru; our Lord would leave behind Him aooie especial mark 01 this His one main design. Had Ha etimo on earth, sufFerod, diods and then left us as we were, we ehould have feJt that co slender an cud would not have boon in propor tion with so great a beginning. Tho blood that was spilt had not to be squandered and allowed to flow vainly. The sinner was to reap some largo advantage from go astounding n tragedy as that oi the death of a God. And when wo come to consider what our Lord haa roally done for us, vtfhat kind of a method He haa invented for oar cleansing, we cannot but feel there io a harmony between the beginning end tho end ; that tha Tribunal of Penance ia a worthy fs-ui'; of the suffering aad death of tho Saviour of the world, That our Lord continually exorcised His power v/hilafc on earth of forgiving ain- is patent from tho holy recordo.- 'Thy dido are' forgiven they,' aro words that havo proceeded from the heavenly lipa again and again, in apito of tho Scribes and otkoro who thought evil in their hearts, and condemned the Hon of nan for hlazohcixiy, for pardoning oinn. And what Ho did in thia respect^Himsflf, Ho gave Hia Apobtlou and thoao who followed them power also to do. ''' An the Father oont Ma I Bend you,' Ho naya to Hio Apoatles. And the promise which Ho raado them before Hia death He fulfilled after His resurrection. ' And I will give to thee the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven ; and whatsoever t'aou shall; bind upon earth, it Bhall be bound also in Heaven ; and whatsoever thou shalt looae upon earth, it ohall bo loosed also in Heavoo.' Such are our Lord's words to Peter. And to tho Apostleo : ' Amen, I Day to you, whatsoever you shall bind upon earth shall bs boaud ateo in Heaven ; and what soever you. shall loose upon earth ahali be loosed also in Heaven.' After Hia resurrection our Lord fulfilled His Golenm promise in the most om phafcio manner. 'Now, when it was late that same day— the firtt day of the week,' saya St. John, °'and the doors were ohut, where the disciples were gathered together for fear of the Jews, Jeous came and stood in the midst, find said to them : ' Peace be to you.' And when He had said this He showed them His bando and His oido. The diaoipleo, therefore, were glad when they caw tho Lord. He said, therefore, to them again : ' Peace be to you. Aa the Father □ent Mo, I dIgo send you,' When He had said this. He breathed on them, and He eaid to (hem: ?Receive ye the Holy Grhost ; whoso Dins you shall forgive, they aro forgiven them ; and whono Bins you shall retain^ they are re tained.' ' Such are tho promise?, sooh is the power given by Chriot to tho legiti mate minister of penance. Look ? on the face of facts embedded in the religious history of Christianity. Come down in spirit 1S00 years from the days our Lord gave this power and commission to His Disciples to the present hour. What do we aee ? T^ke tha widespread Catholic Church of to-day. Are there not thousands on thousands of men, suocesaora of the promises and powers, exercising those powers now, and hundreds of thousands reap1* ing the benefits of the ordinance of Penance ? Trace back from age to a,«e, and you will find it the same. The Tribunal of Penauce 13 ever active, even proseeutiag its ceaseleos work in the Church of God : reconciling sinners, re storing them to grace, counselling Ihern, strengthening them, giving them light, en couragement, and peace. That confession of sino was practised in the earliest ages is evident from controvertible records. That the practice of it was as wldespoad aa the Church itself in the fifth century is witnessed to by those who broke off from her unity. The Armenians and Copts, the Neatorians and Afonophyaifces foil into error there is no doubt, otherwise they would not have acted tho part they did; siill one thing is certain : however they may have lapsed in other things, they remained faithful to tho Saorameut of Penance, and intarproted as we do the promises and gifts of Chri3t. If we push further back afcill into antiquity, the same practice manifests itself without any variation. St. Irenreus,, tho friend of St. Poly carp, who was a disciple of St. John, ia a tel ing example. Speaking of St. Polycarp, he writes: — ' I oould tell tho place where the ble3eed Polycarp used to sit aud talk, hia goings o&t; and comings ia, the character of his life, the look he wore, tho discourses he made to the people ; how he used to relate his converse with John, and with the rest who had aaen the Lord, anel to repeat their oayinga.' Now thi-3 same St. IrenceuB, who knew St. Polycarp so intimately, relates how certain women, who hael been guilty oE a scandalous secret crime, ' con fessed' their ain and ' returned to the Church of God,' that is, were reconciled by Penance. Bat what was tbe case with others who did not 'confess'? He says ; ' Whilst othera, being ashamed to do thia, and in some manner secretly despairing within themselves of the life of God, havo apostatized entirely.' Hero then wo have two legitimate results of 'confession' and refusing to ' confess :' on the one hand reconciliation with the|Church, with Christ ; on the other despair end abandonment of all reli gion,. Evidently in thosa days there was only one ordinary way of pardon, the confession of oin however tecret. That confession was a universal practice in the third century, the Church of Carthage and the writings of St. Cyprian ' give abundant testimony. This holy bishop was in constant correspondence with the whole of orthodox Europe no well aa with Africa on thia very question of oonfension. Home, Italy, Prance, and Spain, and their discipline were nob unknown to him. And h;s numeroua letters regarding confessors and the lapsed proved with overwhelming evidence not only thnt his practice was sub stantially the game as that of fehe Charch to-day, but that those various other churches with whioh ° he was in communication were perfectly afc one with him upon tho subject. He writes not aa if those whom he addreaoca posseaa no knowledge of the praotices of penance, but just the reverao ; he takes for granted wha'j he knows to be the oa3e: that thoy no lesgthan himself held fast to the faith of Irenteus, of Polycarp, of the early disciples of our Lord, of Peter, and those assoaiated with him in building up the Church. In his work concerning 'The Lapsed,' he speaks with great emphasis of tho confession, not merely of outward criminal doedp, but of hidden secret thoughts. He says that those v/ho merely entertained the bare thought ,of Eacrificiug to idols or of giving up tho Scrips fcurea to be mianseds ' confessed this sin with griof aud without disguise before the priosta of God, unburdening their conscience and seeking a aalutary remedy, however small and pardon able their failings may have been.' Again : ' I entreat you, my brethren,' ho saysa 'lot all confess fchoir faulto whilst ho that haa oflended orjjoya life, while?; his confession can be received, and while satisfaction and pardon, imparted by tho priest.1?, aro acceptable before God.' ' They who ara not holy,' acya tho great Origan, who io a upokoaman for the East, ' they who are not holy die in their sins : the holy do ponance ; they feol thoir woundp, are QQUfjiblo of their foilugs ; look for the prio3t ; implore health, and through him seek to be purified.'*' Again : ' If we discover our bids not only to God, but to those who may apply a remedy to our wounds and iniquities, our ains can be effaoed by Him who aakl : ' I havo blotted nut thy iniquities as a cloud, and thy siua aa a mist.' ' Tho very same objection which is made to-day against the Saorament of Penance wao urp.od in tho oarly conturioa and rofutoel aa it is refuted now ; proving at once the antiquity of the Catholio eloctrine and tho peraiotonce of orror in arguing apaitiRfc and rejecting it. St. Paoianus answers the Nova tinna in words which require no change to ranko them applicable to modern objootora. 'But God alone, you Novatiano, will say,' saya ho, 'can grant the pardon of sins. That is true ; but what He doea by His ministara is done by His own power. What did He 3ny to His Apostles ? ' Whal you shall bind on earth, shall be bound in Heaven; and what you shall loose on earth shall be loosed also in Heaven,' And why this, ii'Finners might be bound only and not loosed P' Then tho Saint goes onto refute another threadbare objec tion, { ' But perhaps tho A poatles alono had thia power? Then thoy alone, it muat bo acid, had power to baptize, to confer the Holy Spirit, and to purify the Goutiloa from their sins ; for in the same ploco where Ho gives them power to adminioter tho Sacrnmeut of Baptism, He also gives them tho power to looae sinnera, Hifchor, then, those two powers were particularly reserved to tho A postlec, or they aro both continued to their tmcaesaoris ; and thore fore, rjince it ia certain that tho power of bap tism and unction is elescended to the Bishopa, to them h;vg likewise come the power of binding and loosing.' Chillingwortb, tho groat cham-i pioQ of the Protoatant English Church, showa with unmi3tikablo logic what tho tradition and toachiug has been iu resp°ot to the Sacrament of Penance, and confirms tho argument cf St. Pacianua. Speaking of tho twentieth chapter oi St. John, ho cays : ' Can any mnu be so uu reiuionabie aa to imagine that whon our Saviour in ao solemn a manner, having first breathed ou Hia disciploa, thereby couveyinf' and insinuating the Holy Ghost in their heaits, renewed unto them, or rather conlirmod that glorious com mission, &a.; , whareby lie delegated an au thority of binding and loosing sins upon earth, . . oau any one think, 1 say, so unworthy of our Saviour aa to esteem thoao words of Hia for no better than a compliment.? Therefore in obedience to H's graciono Will, and as I ana warranted nnd enjoined by my holy mother tho Church of Euglmd, I beseech you that by your practice and uses you will not ouffer that commission, which Christ hath given to Hia minister, to bd a vain form of worda without any aenso under them. Whea you (ind yourselves charged and opprcsed ? have recourse to your spiritual physicians, and freely disclose tHo malignanoy of your eliseaso. And como not to him only with auoh a mind aa you would go to a learned man, aa one that can speak com fortable tliing3 to you, but ao to one that haa authority delogatod to him from God Himnolf to absolve and acquit you of your sins.' What then is tho power claimed by the Church oi England ? That very satno referred to by Chillingworfch and claimed by tho Catholic Church. In the ordiar.noo for the minister who visits r,ny nick poraon, it ia ordered that tho sick person nkould be ' moved to make espccicl confession of hia Giu9, if he feolu his conscience troubled with weighty mattera ; after whioh coafesoion the priest shall absolve him, if h.} humbly and heartily desire it, afcer this aort : Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath lefc power to Hia Church to absolve all sinuera who truly repant, and believe in Him, of His grent mercy forgive thoo ihiuo off-mees, r.nd by His authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins in the name of the Father, and of the Son, aad of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' Is it not evident with tho clerrnoaa of light that tho Church of England claims power for her prieatst) remit or retain sin? And why doea sho make thia claim aud enjoin this ordinance for sick people who feel themeelvesj burdened with some great c:ime, or at loast with such malignity of guilt aa disturbs their rest aud agonizes their souls ? Why is tho clorgyaiau ordered to persuade them to tell him all about their wickedness when they happened to fall ill ? And why ia ho commanded to give them abaolntion in tho very words of tho Catholic Church ? The answer is clear — the answer ia simple— becauae the Church of Eng land retained the old traditionary teaching of the Catholic world j and dared not all at once break off from tho practice, the universal prac tice of the people of England, who had been reared in the fulness of traditionary truth, and had boen taught to giva but one meaning to the solemn promises of tha Eedeemer. Thus the testimony of Holy Writ, and tho interpretation of the Fathom, and tho witness of early heretics, aud tho practice of all nationalities within tho pale of Christendom iu early agea, together with tho universal consent of all Catholic peoples in the present age, point to but ono concluoion : tint Christ did give power on earth to his prie3ta to forgive ains. Oar Lord's mission was no mere beginning without au end. Ho did not stop ohort iu His labour of redemption; and did. nobinitiate a mightj^ work without an adequate purpose. His action throughout ia in harrnouy ; and the Sacra ment of Penauce ia tho reaEonable outcome of Hia death upon the Cross. All dogmatic teach ing of oarly times points in the same direction. St. Ephrem, St. Basil, Tortullian, and a ho3t of writers whoae worda cannot be called in ques tion, and who knew of what thoy were opoakinpr, with emphatic assurance teaoh ono aud the oamo oonaoling truth. Indeed, if Christ did nofc institute thia method, whon v/aa do as tounding an innovation made ? Whon and where, and by whom wao eo wild a power claimed ? Who first opposed it when first it afcarted up ? Who was tho bold man who first persuaded others to believe ia him ? And to what country did tho dn.pea belong who wore thus beguiled ? Wo know chat no innovation of the sort was ever attempted ; that no mere man over made so monstrous a claim — we know that had not this great tribunal been e3fcablished_by Christ Himself, no man would ever have had the audacity to have tried even to establish it. Such a one would have been anatham^tized and con demned, or satirized and ridiculed ; tho whole world would havo treated him with scorn and couiempfc, f.o a Inna'io or fanatic. Jeaun Chriat nionc oau pxcreiso ouch au influence aa this. Hi3 elivino power only coukl eg!; up in the midsfc of tho pride of men such a mothod of reconoilia* tion, aud it is beoausa He actually did set it up from the first that tho v/hoio Catholic world in all ages has acknowledged its claim, and baa token aclvautv'o of it* efficacy. Lot us, then, having thus refreshed our tneruoriea with come short survey of the position of thia Sacrament, proceed now io con-idev its parfca ; and to examine our conscience 33 to how we have comported ourselves in the patt in 'choir regard. 1\. Aud firat o,a to Contrition. It io tho doctrine of tho Church that tue Sficramont of Penance in the appointed instrument for man's reconciliation with God after Baptism. Thia ia tho ono great monna for making our peace with our Eodecmor. Think not to fly to any other. True, there ia tko baptism of blood in martyrdom ; true, perfect contrition olonncec tho aonl before, tho priobt haa pronounced a word ; but even thon thero rnunt bo an implicit dcoiro to confess if poGsiblo. You cannot of your own doliberato choioo reject the means oi'dained by Chriat and select auothor which aeemo more pleasiug to flesh and blood, or less humiliating to your pride Confession and confeooion only, then, may be paid to bo your only plank of sifoty after shipwreck. If you will bo restored and saved you muot make up your mind once for rJ! to go to confession. Graco may and will indeed lead you on ; prayer may help you ; but imagines not, deceive not your aoul with tho dehiaion that you havo received n reconciliation in your interior heart, that you hivo prayed, aud iu ailonce coufeasfd your aina to Gbd and been forgiven. No, you cannot escapo in that way, you rany not shirk tho one real honeat method of humiliation : that method ordained by Christ Himeclf, by meana of which you aro compelled to enter into a discussion of your character aa it stantlti bofora your Maker, n.nd to discover ono by one your ainn of thought, word, deed, or omisaion, not merely to God iu the Gilonco of your apirit, not merely to your Guardian Augol, but to God's minister, to a man who holds the placo of Christ ia your regard, aud who will juilgo whether or not you are worthy of absolution. Does it not otasd to reason that pride ohould be fairly humbled ? Ia it not simply equitable that he who did not thrink from acting a wicked part should make a diotinot and oquitable reparation ? What hove yon dono, O man ? Havo you not insulted tho majesty of God, trampled on the blood of the Teatament, oon tristatod tho Spirit of Love, and turned your baok ou the Bloaaed Trinity ? Havo you* not preferred, r.nd that deliberately too, n booe, filthy pleasure of your own before obedience to your Saviour, and that not onco but again and again ? and havo you not by your bad exatnplo, b}'your loono ninxinip, by your unguarded worda and woreo deeda perhaps, led othero out of tho narrow path, and dragged or enticed them in the direction of misery and ciu ? Look at your self in the i-lao3 of God, and try and ceo yourself as Ilia Al!-piorciug Eye coca you. Look, nofc nieroly at this and that ain of yours, but study your character ao it exhibits itaelf to Ilia Iu« telligenco. You aco what your mnniior of living haa f johioucd you into, neither moro nor lea?. You havo been nil thcoo yearn forming your destiny; Your ninu, tho niua of your youth and your manhood, have had their effacfc upon your eoul iu otaiuing it, anel havo had thoir imprcos upon your character ; [iyour untruthful* nusn, and your impuiity ; your sloth oud your woildlymindcdness), your carnal way of going ou ; your forgotfulneaa of God, your indulgence of your passion?, your Old Adam, ruling aa 1: Idng within your heart — all thcao things have formed and fashioned you, or rothor de formed anel debased you, 00 that you require that power cf God Hinmelf to shake you up, aud break yon aud rcmoke you, and teaoh you to bring forth worthy fruits of penance. And hear thia indisputable trnth iu mind : There ia only one road for you, tho beaten traok of the sainta. It you would not bo damned eventually, you must aave yoursolf by tho divinc-ly-ap» pointed meana, You must look thia question in tho fnco ; boldly and bravely take your noul in hand. The time for fear and dinguac, 'or shrinking back, or putting off, ia pnafc. You can no longer trifle with your immortal apirit ; it is too serious a matter to be any longer played with. Rouse youraolf up, than, in good earnest ; what aesms ao painful will become easy and ovon sweet when you havo once begun 5 that ohriuk« ing away of youra from humiliation will cease tho moment you have shown the courage to placo youroelf' withiu tho transforming influence of grace ; and you will, if yOn only deliver your aelf over to your Saviour aud your God, find how ar/eet and loving io H'o msatership, como pa-ed with the olavery andohains you have been living in oo long. And your own good sense cannot but percoievo how exquisitely, how com pletely tho Saorament of Penance meota youv case. You have 3inned in thought, word., and deed ; your penitence must bo in keeping with your tranagroaaiona. 'Penanoo forceo fcho Dinner to endure all things willingly,' cays St. Chryooatom,, ' for iu his heart; there is contrition ; in hia mouth there is confession ; and in his aotiona n perfect humility and fruitful tsatiofaction.' Now, taking you an you atand with your oin3 hanging abonfc you. Wo will imppoao fchnt grace has boen pleading with you during these holy ejcorciaeOj, and that you are determined to reconcile youraelf with your outraged Godp aud to live c, moro Chriatian life in tho future i!ou know weli that tho conaeeiuonco of thic resolution ia that you muat make a thoroughly [jood Confemion. And you will caburally feel uuxioua to comply with nil the conditions necepaary for doing 00. If you are in any doubt, you will seek insfcrnotion from those who are capable of teaching you. One of the first questiono you would ask would bo, What iu the nature of tho contrition necesoary for making a good Confession? And what would your teacher toll you ? Ho would any : O man, redeemed by Ohriab's moat precious Blood,, washed in the waters of regeneration, you have deeply, griovouoly offended your outraged Maker, your loving Saviour, in thought, word, and deod. Honco you must make reparation with your soul, with your tongue, and with your aotiona. You have already mado up your mind to confess your sins. You know how you have been lifted up in pride ; and you aro pre« paved to uubjoct yourself to the judgment; of God' i? priest, who holds OhrJGt'n place over you, and who will appoint you a punishmanfc accord ing to the greatness of your trauagrossionB. But before you humblo yourself and pour out your tiaD before fcho representative of our Saviour, you must exoito a hearty contrition for having committed them. And you should distinctly know what contrition io, that you may nob be bor.fing ihe air, or approach fcho Snored Tribunal with vague and uncertain notions of your duty. Contrition, then, io a grief o{ the roul with a detestation of sin com mitted, and a purpose to oin no more. It ia not sufficient fchnfc'you phould merely cense to oin, or detormino to do bettor ; but you should, abovo all and before all, hate and detest dip, and do ovil courses, 'i'hin griot of tho soul io ooatod in the vrill, and not in man's aonsitivo nature. It is nofc essential that tears should flow fro n the eyes, or that there should be any_ sensible sorrow ; what in required is that tho will f.'hould turn from and detoab sin, and bo fixed in tho determination to sin no more. Still, though sensible sorrow is uot ceaonfcial, ib ia a good Qign. Tho ericf of tho soul, if it be gonuiiie, may oocily nffeofc the lower nensibililies ; and a real seneiblo grief, with the shedding of tearn, is not unnccoptablo to Him who was bruicoi and wounded for our fakes and wept over Jerusa lem. If God is to bo loved abovo all things, that which debars us from God should bo hated above all things ; find tho measure of our love of God becomes tho measure of our detestation of our nius. Of all loveablo things God is the Bupromoly Loveablo ; and of all hatoablo things oiu, Hio deadly enemy, is to bo detested moat : DO that you should feel that you would rather die than offend yonr Master mortally. What then have yon to do? On your koeoo, search your conooionee : take pains nnd trouble to gob a ro?,l knov/ledgo of your state ao you appear before tho oyeo of God. Look upon yourself aa a Dinner, one who has in no many ways been exceed ingly unfaithful. Consider your greatest trans groBBiono, then take your entire burden of did, plaeo it before you, and bogging the grace of God . fco holp you, grieve over it, end elicit aoto of hatred and norrow with nil tho energy of your bouI, nnd hriniy rcnoivo, hot; oniy io mruw yourcelf afc the foot of God's minister v/ken you oro oufficiontly propavod, bafc also to make a fit atonomoub for having been so blamoworthy in. your corvico. Having thus learnt to griovo ovov and to hafco your oino, you will thon prepare to live bettor for tho future. And if you espect cud hopo that our Lord v.ill pardon you your in juries, you must be prepared to forgive thoso ?who have also done you harm. With a heart ab peaoo with all men, you mu3t bewail your cms, and mako yonr good reoolatiouD for tho fufcuro. As' to motivea to move you fco shrink from sin, your own thoughts will suggest them to yon. The dec.dlinoas oncl bassnoca of your oino in themselves, or, they otand revealed in tho light of God ; fcho ingrafcUndeof your life towards Ono who ban cv- r been more fco you than i'ather ; the part your sino played in the passion and death of yom' Eodeemer— all those and many other i:i--ivc3 might movo your ooul fco grief, i. I might work, by the grace of God, -a radical change in the course of your life. Or take the crucifix in hand, and look &t; your own conduct in tho light of so much love. Or in the presence of tho Blessed Sacrament, before your Living Lord, pour out tho history of your life, aud bag of Him to pierce your heart, and give you Magdalene's tearD ol Borrow, and a pardon like tha penitent thief's. Having thus worked and ntirrod up your soul, in the light of this yonr spiritual compunction, you c.-rn still more strictly scruti nize your conscience, Take the Ton Command ments and tho Seven Deadly Sins and the Commandmento of the Church one by ouo, and examine jourself upon thorn. Read tho prayers prescribed in tho ' Garden of the Soul,' or in your ordinary prayer book, and onoa again abasing yourself before tho throne of ^God, in the presence of your orueified Lord, of the Bainfcs and angelo, of tho saint of your own name in particular, and of your holy guardian, humble yourself down; and in the silonca of your spirit elicit an act of as intense and earnest grief a« you are able. Mako uao of Monday and Tceaday to examine how you have acted with regard to contrition in the past. Bear steadily in mind that if you have not been really sorry, if your Borrow has uot boon supernatural aud effective, if, after all, in the Beerefc interior of your Bpirlt, you still cling to sin, or prefer the creature to the Creator, yon are not in fcho necen nary dispositions to bo forgiven; INoprieBtly abso« lution or lifting of hands will avail you, if your Bonl is not filled with gonnino compunction. indeed far from ouch inmiutrafcions bringing yon any pardon or relief, thoy simply bring down an additional curao upon your head ; and tend rather to your damnation than to your greater hopo of mercy. Our Lord, all oompcB Bionate as Ho is, will not have K;s sacracacnuS trifled with, nor His prccioua blood treated with oour.einpfc. ei-'o iuou now you have tuvu avt\ V: ?inthepaab. 11 we you -ichi. pobeaunlot mn- grief of soul ? And it' vo-, now ougm during this Retreat to piopuro your spirit no aa to ioitl con fidence that your confeauiou v/ill be a good oue, and your sonov uuoh os may d.iw tho ggraco oS Ban.ctifioation into yonr he&r;'c. 2. Having thus prepared yourself by true contrition, the next thing, whioh forms our second point, is to mako n good Confession. Ifc stands to rsanon that tho world, which knows nothing of grace, indeed which whon, spoken to about grace denies its exigence, will feel little sympathy with the confoBGion of sins. For, in the fir3fc places the great majority of the sins which have ti be con fes-cl have been committed in its service, and with its sanction or approbation j and the very fact of repenting of having committed thorn is a distinct condemnation of its maxims and its ways. Next, fcho spirit of the world i? fcho spirit of vanity and nelf- sufficiency ; and the votaries of a worldly, carnal lifo rebel with spontaneous horror against examinations of conscience, against grief of fcho noul for sin, and especially against kneeling down ab tbe feet of a fellow- man, recounting those sins in hia hearing, submitting' to hia judgment, ^nd humbly taking tho penance which he proscribes. All this to the pride and arrogance of tho sinner is gall and worm-wood. If things oould _ be smoothed over without rnffling his vanity, if ho might repent; ia hia own way at hio own leisure and manage his conversion for him self ; if the matter were loft, as he would ex press it, between himaelf and hia God, then he might perhaps condoscond to make his peace with hia conaoience and become a nomawhot better man. But to comply with the meihod appointed by Chrisb fco him is simply impossible. His who!e eoul ia impregnated with self, and_ he c ami ob kneel down to conies? without a genuine, an unmistakable humiliation ; ho is to his inmost heart's core r?aturated with pride of Hie and. self-esteem ; so how is ib possible for him fco submit io the uumiofcakable ohamoof recounting his vile aud filthy wickedness to a fellow-man, a sinner too, vrho is flitting in judgment over him ? Besides, he must really hate and defcesb his crimes; he must (irmly purpose to give them np ; he must ba in a disposition rather to dis than again offend God mortally ; and ho mu:-fc moreover give hig judge a fair assurance of this, aud tako the peoance that is enjoined, flow oould (he maa of ths world agree bo do all thio ? Why, he would have to change his life altogether ! ' Impossible,' he would Bay, !' I canuofc go so far aa that. I should havo abso lufcely no chance of esa?.pa ! I should havo to become another man i I should have to ro nounce tho habits of years, fco break off tho customs of my youth ; and to beoome next door to a saint !' In a word, he would nod that God was not to ba mocked ; and that our Lord had invented a method of return fco Him which would test the sinner to the quick, and m6et him in the midsb of his prida and self sufficiency, hio vanity and impurity of life. If men really will repent, let them show that they are in earnest, by using the genuine means. If they v;ish to return to God, let fchonj humble fchemnelvaa by their undisguised conresuion, oy Kneeling a.u w« feet of Chriob'o representative, and by thus proving fco themselves, and to the priest who his to judge them, that they know how to abase fcheinceTves for their transgressions. But fcho world knqwa that did it do this it would cease to be the world. Tho Sacramenfc of Penanoo is too probing, too searching, too real for its tastes ; ' for ib ia more piercing than a two-edged sword, nnd reaohing into fcho division of the coul and the spirit, of the joints also, and the marrow, and is a disoerner of tho fcbought3 and intents of the heart.' What does the world then do ? As ib cannot fall in with Confession, ifc folia out with it. Ifc has taken up its stand from th.9 first. Ifc knows that the Sacrament of Ponanca is aa a knife at ifcs heart ; that ifc robs it of its children, that ifc tui.-no thorn againsfc it ; ana raises up an army of men and women, _ who spurn its maxima, abominate its principles, tramplo on its frivolous vanity and dreaned-up dust and cshea 5 and who endeavour all they can to destroy its influence, and reduce ito power fco nought. K, in return and self-defence, opifcs at tho confessional, Glnudera the miniefcero of fcho Sacrament, and cebs ifco huge machinery going — that machinery which throws off cslutanies and indecencies with fcho rapidity of steam — to blacken and defame the reputation of those who frequent tho holy ordinance. It hires men of vile character and loose, abandoned lives to lecture on 'the Confessional': and partly out of ita own onwing rifcor indecencies, ,nd partly out of detestation of that Sacrament which stamps with a firm foot upon every se-refc improper thought, it gloats over the brutal, the infamous inventions of its hirelings, and holds up ito hypocritical hands ia horror ab that holy Sacrament whioh is the ono divinely ordained instrument for purifying the heart of man. All this is natural eaoug'u. The world must, for tho sako of its own exisbotioej oppose the Sacrament of Ponauco, and endeavour fco _ . . -i.i !____ . ? .C__1 weaken, fco bond, to nreaic tne moar. pov/onui weapon wielded by tho Church against itoelf. And ifc can only do this in ita ov/a way, and with ita own tools. Aud va tools and its ways are like itself, carnal, full of lust aud impurity, aud replete with malice, calumny, and lies. Christ, 1300 yeara ago, condemned the world. St. Paul and St. John havo drawn thoir picture of ib, and it remains unchanged fco this very day, find ib will go 011 to the end as ib haa bognn. Now, how do you stand in your relation to Con fession ? How far has tho world tampered with you ? How deeply liave pride and chamo sunk into your hoarta ? If you are in mortal Bin, aro you foing to remain in it ? Oh break that m-ide of yours ! On your knees this very night before your Saviour, determinonofcto allotv another week fco paso without making your confession sinti finding posea with God. Fear not , the v/orla : fcho world does nofc really lovo you. 11 you fr.ll into po -viy, --? loa.: yoar h -nWa, o- iV.il u- bai-.iuiisa, or aoine t,. cu ,— wheu y-m coir.e to b.s m uu'ir,-py, ?hou the world wilipi-ov/ col-.i uud aWauilou you, aud loavo you to poriah ua you may. It aoon not know what tondorneas ia. It has no censi» biliUea for otbero, its hoarfc io dntit nnd cioheai Ifc ia a proud dcapot, without feeling or oompas* sion. When ifc hns dono with you, it will cast you off like an old glove. Turn fco yonr Saviour, thon, who wiil bo all iu all to yon ; who never leaven His friends when in distress or want 5 and who will bo your reward escoeding great when the world has boen Iek down into hell, and all ita pleasures and luotrj aro fcurnod infco fire and brimstone. We will suppose, them, that you have been praying for tho grace of hcly contrition ; that yon know what contrition is ; and that you nov? desire fco be fccnghfc how to make a good confession. It standa fco reason that yon canuob be sorry fov a fault whioh you do nofc recolleob. Your contrition, then, should go hand in hand with your examination of con science. Tho more this scrutiny revoalo your sins to yon, the more they display them' selves in all their enormity before you, no muoh tho more reason will you havo to to repent, till, finally, you will grow more and more in compunction and in self- knowledgo, and you will begin to realize how you stand before the All'Seeing Eye of the Almighty Judge. Hav- ing thoroughly looked into your interior ofcsto, and osamined your thought^ words, deedoa and ominsioao, 'then you might classify your aln5s and bear in mind snch circumstances an aggravate their guilt, do fchab he who has fco jndga you, 'ohe representative of Christ, may know, in aa far as possible, exactly how you stand. Aa lias been Daggered, tho conim^ndmsnfcs of G-od and of the Church and the soven deadly sina may servo as neada ot di visions, and when you have so far mastered the state of your interior as fco feel that you Gin m&ko; ifc fairly known to the prieut, then you may, with all humility and compunofcion o£ spirit, approach bhe Sacred Tribunal, With unfeigned grief of soul, and with on humblo spirit, a3 Chrisb carried the Cross, the bitter wood, for you, so do you carry the burden of your sins aa it were on your shoulders, and unburden yourself before the representative of Almighty God. You yearn to bo forgiven. The weight has long been an un bearable incubus upon you. You are bound down and humbled esceedingly, and you are approaching to confess and to be forgiven. The serpent's fang has given you a secret and a deadly bite, and you have been poisoned with the deadly venom of mortal sin. God Himself is raising Lazarus from corruption, and His minister is about to loosen his swathing-bonds, and set him out of bondage into liberty. Tho mon white with the leprosy are about fco show themselves to the priests, and to receive from them, their judgment. You enter then into the confessional. You throw yourself at the feet of the Minister of God, who with surplice and stole sita there in the place of Christ, and will act the part of your jud^e aud your physician. He is or should ba a men versed ia the pathology of fcho soul, and able to distinguish oin from sin end fco weigh the dispositions of the sinner. A mau of learning to teach, and prudenoQ to direct3 and of upright life that he may bD confided infi the priest should be, ior nis is a weignty responsi bility, for which he will himself have fco answer when ho confesses his own oins in turn ; and the Everlasting Judge will bring him fco accounfa fov tho way he has used or abuood the high privi leges conferred upon him. To him, then, holding Christ's place, you come. You go through with all compunction of heart the ordinary formala, and then you lay bare your conscience to fche minister of Goi for him fco judge you. If you were nofc ashamed to sia in fche presence of a man, and surely all and every sin of yourn wno committed in your own presence, and you are a mi?jI1 ? fchon you should no's shrink from coafesa ing ia fche presence of o mau— a man who holds Ghriat'o place in yonr regard. Yon go fchrongh your oafcDlogue ot oms in order. Xovl eve absolutely bound to confess each grievous sin ; ifc would be a sacrilege intentionally to omit one Dingle mortal sin through shame or fear or any other motive whatsoever, Nor are you hold excused if you are do careless in your examina tion aa to omifc grave sins which with ordinary prudence and aufnoionfc care you gouM havo discovered. Your work ia ono of very Great importance, and you are bound to act accordingly, nnd fco let fche iud?a know tho condition of yoiu-soul. If, then, you should have been so wicked or so weak as io have knowingly omitted a grave sin in cogJc^ aion, you miufc confess again, and make mention of fche sacrilege ; or it you have boen careleas, remis3s or negligent in your examinations _ O£ conacience, and havo prudent reason fco behave fchab your confessions hava beau faulty, you ohould confess again, and make the psafc, so far as you can, secure. T!iu3 you will nob dread the retrospect;. You will have made good deficiencies ; and you will feel greater courage in atartia' a now life in the future Sa fa? regarding what you havo fco confess. ITovy, you may ask : How ought; you fco confeca ? Tho manner of your confession should be- naked3 oimplo, and plain, prudent ana. moaosc ; buai; 13, you should, In the sfcraighteeb and sinapleob words, convey in as direoS and brioE a v/ay aa is compatible with clenraoGSs fcho real character of your siac and the position of your ooul, aa you oeo it before Almighty God. Aa fcho pciesb is fcho judgoa you must havo before him that upon which ho haa to pr.sa judgment. How can ho decido how'you ofcancl, and howhenhoEld r.ofc, or what munaov of a sinner you avo, os? what ara your dispositions, unlass you lay yonr state before him in simple, .clear, and truthful fcorras, expresaod with prudence and conceived with modesty ? Hoy; can ho judge what neunuoo to inflict upon youa unleca ho known fcho ofcnto 01 yonr ooul and the charaefcor o£ youi* tranogvers niong? To fc'ilk of forgiving or retaining without knowing what Is to be fovgivoa or retained is p- simple mockery. Tho I'QiTnii ?.ve covi'ola tivo : they imply each other. Your full con« finniou bri'M- ni-ule, yon can at ouca perceive the adv.iut.a^o of it to your soul. Tho shamo and huiulliirciou oi ib is somii kind of sob oiS Uijaiuat that prido and p:i::-3iou which led you into siu. You cannot deceive yourself hero ; you are conscious that you hGYO (pag fcrougU & thoroughly humbling- process; your pride io broken ; you feel yourself to ba a sinner : a miserable, weak, vain, and base creature, full of colnshnooD, carnality, and worldliness ; and you are connckrar; that now after thirrhearfc- striking humiliation you can begin again to live a better life, and to avoid thofjo cine and occasion.'] which have been go much in your way before. Then your confessor in a physician as well as a judge. He has experience of souls ; Mrs one desire is to help you ; ho can givo you much valuable counsel, and teach you how to protect yourself against yourself. And it will be your own fault indeed, if hy tho grace of God, with such assistance, you cannot begin a course of true service, and day by day advance in the love of Almighty G-od. Examine yourselves on V/ednes day and Thursday with regard to the past. How have you examined yonr consciences ? Carefully or not ? Havo you left any grievous sin out in Confession ? Havo you lived with this con sciousness upon you ? How long ? Remedy ifc without dolay—this very Retreat, or God may cut you off ! At all costs, drag yourselves to the confessional ; put your hearts at easo ; unload your soulo ; set yourselves free, lest the hunter tako you whilst still struggling iu fche snare, and rob you of overlaating- life ! 3. Let us now consider for a moment tho third and last point: the dufcy of Satisfaction. 'We know what we mean by giving a man satisfaction, or making reparation for any offence committed. If a man in anger says some rude things to his neighbour, and then repents, and humbly apologises, he offers satisfaction, makes repara tion for hi3 hastiness. Or if a man do some injury to another's property, and return him an equivalent so as to set the injured man's mind at poace/jhe makes him satisfaction. Now let us for a'moment look at tho various degrees of Satisfaction as ifc regards our meditation. God, as we have soon, is outraged by sin ; sin is a dastardly act of insolence and ingratitude offered by a vile worm, fco his Supreme Good and Last End. To make full satisfaction to tho Almighty according to the even balance of justice is not in the power of any creature. The mere dust of His creation cannot make a wo thy recompense. Wo worm can afcfcona to the infinite majesty of the Triune God for the insults and outrages of other worms and for its own included. There is but One who has had the power fco appease the Divino wrath, and convert tho Divine anger into morcy. Sea the vision on the Hill of Calvary. Amidst over cast heavons, rolling clouds, the bellowing of thunder, and the forked flashing zig-zag of lightning, the debt was paid, when the veil of the Temple was rent in twain, when the dead walked oub of their fcornbs and graves, and tho Canfcurion cried oat with astonishment and remorse ; then fche pries was being paid fco tho full : for God's own end only begotten Son offered. Himaolf a Victim, a ' pro pisiation for onr Dins, and not for ohm only, bub also for the sine of the whole world, ' on fche bitter treo, and by fcue Gheddmg 01 an Jiia pro-* oious Blood. Without this paymeu-b ?;-in would bo the endeavour of caau. Chvisb haa bought ua with a great price ; He haa freed us from, wrath, aud has turned fche Fafcher'3 Eyes of, anger into compacsioa upon us. Ho is fcha Vino, \7e fche branches ; aud fche cap of this divins afcfconamenfc, fcho merits of His ble33ed passion, flow like a health- giviag, cfcrengfch-giving element into t-ha currents of onr opirifeaal life. Through Him. we merit; by Hun' alone we oau lookup fco fcha Father, jneb as He it was who ssnt the Com', forter to console us and enlighten ni by fche way. Such being the satisfaction given fco the Father for onr ferancgrassiono, what ic tho satis faction whioh is part of the Saornmeai; of Penanoo T Ifc ia fchofe which the pomtoiafe, at fche command oE fcho prieat, paya himself to God. an aomo bind of reparation for hia sina. Lst 16 be borne ia mind that there aro two fclnngs oon noefced with every sin, vis , ifca ofcain and ifcs Rumahinenfc. Now, by tho Sacra ment ' of Penance, fche fault ia forgive^ and the punishment of. everlasting death is remittod ; thio is always tho case with a good confession; but thore are two other things which may still remain ; first, the wound which sin has mado, and then the temporal punishment which man's ingratitude has deserved. The scar or disfigurement of sin has to bo cured and purged away. 'Ibis nofc enough,' says St. Chrysostom, ' that the arrow be drawn out of the body, but fche wound also made by the arrow ia to be healed ; so also in the soul after the pardon of sin received, the plague or sore remaining is to be cured by penance !' Thus ifc was that David, who had boen . forgiven by God, who ' took away Ms sin,' still penanced himself day and night, and ever cried out : ' Wash, me yet more from iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin, booauoa I acknowledge my iniquity, and my sin io always before me !' The royal psnitent per ceived, 'as St. Augustine says, two attributes in the majesty 01 u-oa, ms meroy ;au jjuu jusu^. His mercy, which -pardoned tho'sin and the ever lasting punishment due to ifc ; and His justice, which0 inflicts temporal punishment, suffering in thia world or in purgatory, or both, as a chastise ment for man's ingratitude. Now, ^ after the priest haa heard the Dinner's confession, he imposes a penance upon him as c^ kind of satisfaction for cino committed. ?It is a token to tho Dinner of tho position m which ho ctantb. ITor ho chould encourage in hia noul an abiding spirit of repr-raiiion. Ho can atone for tho nine ho lias committed against God, hio neishboiu'. , ihI Ipib oH by pivyer, which rinca up fco fcho loi of Oh.' ; be rims docclfJo which -. i'e 'u ov'ioe 00 0 _ U\v': [ s .ity toward ou^ noisbbori' ; . 'c *' 0/ means o£ wli'efc v« identify or. .. *. k.iois tl.Qvo vrith -m'^™?, l''T-= - Cj.':. 1 1 ''- ^ who v/onld nofc f'cl J z^ ^ *? '' °- ' ^ °' time and l^1 } una ] ' ~* ^ . 0 - 0011 on;-. onafc \ov ncl -c ? 1 ' ' ' 11a Ilifl-hi: of thi Hi'C 1 '» i-itJ ibeiovo Gjc-; ii 1 - - -J ' ,ho I firmly pui-i)o-.3 to elo - *. , ' 1 a«a I ooiU for hnvi.ia oftci-v v oJ ; ^. !- .ci. * . «Jf feet of his judge and his physician, and ponra Q\\\h his ini»vafcifcudeo in the bitterness of bio spirir. Does ho not feel that it if? oimply Gcd's mercy a)id Chriat'a poooion that hoc pardoned him do easily ? Doea bo not know well thai it was the strength of Ohriot'e Blood fcbQfc washed away oo many and ouch deop-oating atoino ao Lis ? Dcea bo nob fed t-hr/u the prayora or acts of mortification isapecod on him by fcho priest are p,b nothing in compavloon to what bio oAva conscionoo tolla him bo owoa to God ? Assuredly ho doea : assuredly ho placea himself after reluming from confocaion before bis loving merciful Redeemer, aud with teara of gratitude and overwhelming love ho purposed to prove as days go by that he io not ungrateful for so many benefits, and that ho is possessed by a keen appreciation of the injury hio sino havo offered to God's majesty, and of the besoness of his heart in having go grievously offended hio Redeemer. Like St. Peter ho feels prescod to make a life of reparation ; like Magdalen, ho will for the future allow but ono governing thought to occupy his mind — the thought of God'o love and his own ingratitude ; like St. Paul, who, after being ' a persecutor and contumelious,' bore about with him for life ' tho mortification o£ Jesus' ; — he 'will daily keep himseli in check, and during the 'watches ox the night water hio couch with his teais. St. Pater on hio invorted cross on Mount Janiculum, end St. Paul struck ?with the lictor'c sword at the Salvian Waters, are choice specimens of a glorious reparation, and of the influences of grace upon those who have been faithful to its lights, and have with fidelity listened to its warnings. Think, then, in the third place, on Friday and Saturday, about your Satisfaction. Havo you in the past faithfully performed your penance ? Or have you been careless or negligent in this respect ? And do more than this ; ask yourselves a further question : Have you lived in a spirit of reparation ? If you really do believe sin to be what you say it is ; if you have taken any trouble to discover how you stand ; if you havo confessed your tranagressions with true compunction, must you not of necessity carry away with you a spirit of sorrow, and a temper which pleads within you for some acts of reparation above those few prayers the priest may have enjoined? Most assuredly you can - iiot but be thus afcected. And if you bo so, happy is your lot; happy, because you thus pre*. pare your souls for deeper searchings and still more perfect sorrows ; happy, baeause thus you begin to live in sight aa it wero of the Divine Eye, and close to the Cross Oa Jesus ! Happy indeed, for grace thus will bo added to grace, and your soul will grow more and more ripe and mellow in the saored light of Hio Countenance. Let us one and all then make ona resolve this night. Let us make one promise to our Lord, and pledge ourselves before next Sunday to make as perfect e confession as ve can, Let one and all meditate and examine how their contritionhasbeenin thepaat; what the charaoter of their coEfesoion ; how far they have made atonement and satisfied for Din. And- then, resolving to amend what had been amiss, let each poor child of Eve throw himself with a child's abandonment and affectionateness into the hands of God, with a 'child's genuine out pouring flood o£ tears and grief; with a child's loving confidence mixed with holy fear; with all a child's oimplioity, opanneco, and trust, 1st each and ell during this ooaoon of merciful forgiveuenn, with thoco caving diopoBi tioDS, approach tho Holy Tribunal and be washed white once Eaoro in tho Blood of the Lamb. Thus then it in evident that the Sacra ment of Penance wed instituted by Ohriofr; and has, according to all tasiimoniea, boen practised throughout the Oathoiic world, and amoagafc heretical and cohiamafcical ejects oince the daya of its institution. And another thing ia also evident : that tbio syofcem o£ our Saviour answers its parposo with esquioifce perfootion. Ic is thorough. The oinnor, though he ia to bo forgiven, haa flrafc of all to prove by a trying process that he in really is earnest. Self deception hero cannot easily be practiced. The sinner is not his own judgp, hia own proscribe!'. Ho has to display his conscience before a k63n and practised eye, and to submit himself to tho judg ment and scrutiny o£ one versed in all the ways and practises of man's heart. Ho is forced, through the very method of tho confescional, to be in real earnest with himself. And he has to allow the lance to reach his wound, and to make up his mind to obey the ordera of his spiritual physician. Thus ho gains self-knowledge ; thus he studies and comes to know hio interior spirit ; thus he can watch hin own advance towards a better life ; thus ho possesses a measure which tells him each week or month as it peaces by, if he be or be not walking along the narrow way, and approaching nearer to Heaven as ho advances nearer the end of hia earthly courso. Thoce who lo not praotino Confession aro patting of£ their account to tho last — that tho Great Efcertal Jnd-30 may tnko them in Land when life ia dooe. A terrible thing, indeed, for tlioea. fco iall than into fche hnncla o£ fcho Living God! A life psE.fied in mlcu and jfojj, iu darlrncca nad disorder of her.?t* cad couoelonco I how ozn fehafc lead to eternal vest 2 And whr/o ia tho hap hazard career of one \7l10 lota tho day take acconnt of itself bettor then c ccr.'on ol spiritual C3ofneioxi, v, toeing 6a tho cs2c.11 of lifo without chp.it/-cotnpaacij, or rco!:oninf-, o pvoy So the! ?winds and tho Y7nvcn of pacaioa and of pride ! I Let us over thank Got3 for having tvrc^lit us by 11 practical enpevienGo tho vtiluo oi kecpiarj ouv 1 ecoountrj, of knowing bow v;o ainnd ; tho value j of thui proccrs of lau^iliatioa which plcicoa be- 1 f-re u-j our h-no condition ao \7G aro va fcho Eyo ij of Gad ; aud fchno ivsrzz r.rj to md;o f'lOntor i] effort b to avoid evil to which, wo knor/ v/o are | Bo prone, cuid to do go 0-5 vLtifos wo havo the | rlijsj ! Ob, Lord .Szzvji CImci; 2 our .Judge, cur | S^vionr, our ofcr.y In thin lifo p.ivl tho li:?i» io !' etui;, grv.vb to :.!2 l-cra pvctuut c, fonnt-Ju of j| tesio, a hcr.rty conpuiiclicu, Dnincc-xodi^jacoioiJ ji (A their ciasi . end c::o!i n c^MC of i'cp^r:.tion r.c! i through all bard plscea and bitter trials, through Bnfftring, and eventually through death itoclf, into tho presence of Thy glory. Holy Mary, Qaooa of the pontitont Dinner, bo with nu all ! Acaen. All holy angeln and painto, St. Michaol, St. Gabriel, Sfc Eaphaol, St. John Baptist, Ot. Boi-nard, St. Francis, St, Bancdio^, St. Pntrick, draw now to B3 dr.riag thoao dayo ; dofend uo and guard no, aud gain for uo much coi row, muoh lovo- aud a ray of brightening hope along our earthly path, and in tho end everlasting lite. Carcoar. — We have been obliged through pressure on our space to hold over till next, issue a list of subscriptions received from the Rev. P. P. Ryan, Carcoar. The Cathedral. — By the advertisement in another column it will be sfien that his Grace the Archbishop closes the Lenten series of sermons on to- morrow night in the pro -Cathedral that have already been announced. Henceforward strangers nooking admission on such occasions as tho one instanced are expected to comply with the order of admission as established. The solemn High Mass of to-morrow will be celebrated with unusual splendour. For weeks past tho sanctuary and surroundings havo been under going extensive alterations and improvement^ and everything that tho Altar Society can accomplish will bo well done by them. The Vicar- General (Dean Sheridan) will sing the High Mass, and Father Mahony will preach the Pontifical Jubilee sermon. We have no doubt but that tho Cathedral will bo thronged on the occasion, on account of the general desiro that has been expressed by all who aro desirous of sharing in the celebration of the Pope's Epis copal Jubilee. His Grace the Archbishop will preside. Father LeemingTs - Lectuee. — Tho leafcaro on Shnkespore and Dickens wao delivered by the Eav. George Looming last Tuesday even ing at; the Guild Hall, in aid of St. Joseph's Church, Woollahr?, The large hall was well filled, and tho chair wag taken by P. A Jenningo, K.C.P , who, notwithstanding a very painful accident, showed his interest in the beautiful church of St. Joseph's by coming to presides on the occasion. 0^ the platform wo notiood Beano Forde end M'Carthy, Fathers Cunningham, Carroll, Hayes, Leonard. Slattery, Pollard, Dr. Quiirk, Petre, Ooliatti, Callachor, also Dr. Milford, Alderman O'Connor, R. O'Connor, R. Butcher, Hollingdale, J. G. O'Connor, aad others; After r- very elegant nad arnudng introduction by tho chairman, tho Eev; Father LBsming oarae forward and wao received with oheero, Tho lec'coro on Shaken pore n-as divided into throe par: a : 1st, Bio^ graphy 5 2nd, personal ohoraoter 5 3rd, hio position in English literature. The groat ouc« eeca of Shakespere waa owing to ' geniuo,' which fche lecturer beaufcifnlly described. The light of hie geaiao wao reflected through several modiumD, which became the special traita of his OKcellonoe, vis., a monfa perfect knowledge or tho book of nature, 0 keen insight into fcho work iDgo of the human heart, the grandest creative faculty, with infinite range of imagination, an exqaiaite charm of diction : theoe were ooma of tho many beautieo which constituted the greatnooa of JSoglaud'c greatenti poet. This wao. followed by tho reading of the trial ecene ' Merobant of Vonioe.' Two of tho chief OJicellencloa of Chorleo Dickens were hio great power of ridioule, and his pathetic de cct'iptivo power of human DufferiD?. The end of hia wrHinga aeenied to be to ameliorate the lob of the poor and ouiforiDg. This ia merely a brief oynopoin, an we understand that the Rev. Father Lsomiog has been requootod to ro= deliver bia lectnro, which most probably will be done. AMorman O'Connor, in an able opeech, propoBod a tfote of thanks to the rov. lecturer, whioh was seconded by J. G. O'Connor. Mr. S. O'Connor propoced, and Mr. 'R. Butoher ceconded a similar vote tor tho chairman, upon v/hich the procecdiuRo wero brought too close. The Late Me. W. C. Curtis— A fortnight ' ago we recorded with deep regret tho death of this much-respected gentleman, and owing to variouG causes we were unable before to report the facts contained in the following brief notice. Mr. Curtis was a leading member of the legal profession and senior partner in tho firm of Curtis and Gannon, solicitors, and for a long time past' enjoyed a very extensive practice, alwayn devoting himself to business with great earnestness. Mr. Curtis was born in Sydney in September, 1833, and was the third son of one of our oldest and most respected citizens, Mr. James Curtis, of Hunter-street. He received his primary education at the old St. Mary's Seminary, and afterwards matriculated at the Sydney Universltj*-, and there took his degrees. Having served articles of clerkship to the well-known firm of R. J. and G. Want, he was admitted on the 22nd Dec., 1860, as an attornoy, &c;, of the Sirpreme Court of New South Walea. Some time after he joined Mr. W. W. Billyard in partnership ; but soon went into business on his own account, and finding tho came increasing rapidly found it necessary to secure a partner, and therefore took Mr. F. Gannon into the prosperous business from v/hich he has just been taken. Mr. Curtis was of a robust constitution, and generally enjoyed excellent health, but recently having had occasion to seek medical advice, he learnedjior tho firct timo, v/e bolievo, the exictence of the disease which caused hio death. After a trip to Victoria, he nceraed somewhat in better health, but, notwithstanding his eagerness for business, was at last compelled to succumb. Ho way not lour* confined to kio bed, and waa frequently attended by the Very Revs. Dr. Glioehy, of Windsor, and Dean Forde, and after receiving all the ritc3 and consolations of our holy Church, died filled with resignation on Wednesday, the IGfch ult. Membera of his family were constantly by his bedside, and did j their bcrjJo to comfort him a,nd relieve his great } Buffering. Tho cauue of hia death wao Bright'^ | dic;or.r.o of tho kiiidoyc. Mr/ Curtb lcavea o ! Y?idoi? cad eight childton vo Kioura tjioir I022, ' 