SPORTING IN ENGLAND. [BY WESTON.] OBITUARY. —On Saturday, November 25, the racing season of 1876, Warwick and Manchester had each some hand in the obse- <*> quies, and it must be owned the deceased died hard. Bat the ghost is not laid. Even in our ashes live the -wonted fires; and to quote from a parody of that touch ing ballad," Oar Mary Anne"— " The last sad 'scene in tibis smd hiitay, Foot racing man! He'e lived throngfc Warwick—wmstiieniysteiy, Poor xaemg man! To steeplechurag now we leave him, No half-mile epurte to fog and grieve him, But fence and ditch will yet deceive him, Poor racing man!" Hie echo of the saddling bell has scarcely died away before Croydon, Sandown, Kingsbury, and Cheltenham eotmd the Assembly and summon us "between the flags." For the first time since March ire hare a programme devoted entirely to the illegitimate. The wea&er; on Tuesday, November 28, the opening day of Croydon, was a pleasant contrast to what is so often experienced, and to what seemed to threaten from the torrents of rain -which fell on Monday. Bat after 6 in the morning it broke for good, and so fine was tie day that it drew the Largest attendance ever known. The ground was certainly a trifle holding, bat thanks to a drying wind in the forenoon, and the drainage operations since last spring, it was better for racing than those who knew Woodside in the. wet anticipated. Proceedings commenced rather tamely with a walk-over for old. Silvermere, who is now very infirm, and was said not to hare had a canter for three months. He has been at it since 1871 to our certain knowledge, and the tender way in which he was ridden on the second day shows the starting-post is no longer his place. .Readers at a distance ?from tke scene will not care for details of the less im portant events; so we pass on to the race of the day, The Grand* National Hurdle Eace. Of 18 acceptors, five only were ab sentees, viz.:—Whitebait, Regal, Citizen, and PacMnglon. Before the race a good deal of attention was bestowed npon the French horse, Foudrede Guerre. He is a well-shaped, compact, good-sised muscular horse, and as he won the French Omnium, their paesare witco, with a good amount of weight up, he was -worth supporting withthe nice han dicap of 11 stone. On the other hand, he showed signs of the irons behind, and a collision with a cab had left its mark on one of his hocks, and worse still, had stopped his work. Exception was also taken to "Woodcock, the winner, who had also been ironed; but his running _was better than his appearance. His condition was perfection, and on the strength of a favorable trial with Batcatcher, he left off first favorite. He is by Marsyas out of Typhoon, by Wild Dayreu, and this was his first win since he cantered away with a Maiden Plate at Sandownlast ApriL Antidote, the only horse that was left in at the finish with the winner, was stripped in John NightingaU's best style. The Irish division were oot without hopes of repeating1 fMNMtttatttiMr fat wife WIH Dock, but tSrdoebttSher abifity to beat Woodcock, wW ovmt wsa mid to have ooimtoial knowledge of the biak bm throng* H,^ f ,^k-. Daring the nee Antidote WMalwajim the Int tines or fan, bat Woodcock waited tilt % mfbrram fame. prff % auk boat the finish it wm left to Antidote aad Woodcm*, the ??• ?Ppe"- | fctVtskamwtiaaa tehwe the test of it, S the brow rftWkiU told in Woodcock 5. feemv aad be got home * length to the £3* Tto *rw?bma? *^?**? fcewW from home, bat second Ihird |2b by bamy ridden nut *Ml that had patted ap. Of tfe?MteenWedmwdeyaad'nnte jaWrft ? "*7'i I to aty that the Iriah bh W* the Creydo? flto?nlwihaan wttVPrnfeof KBden, who lnlMnr- JUatt ana* Wi?ir—"y ??*?(—" She >mt* if the fern* from find to lamb, the fnmeh bom Wild Itom^mnd. Bat ertrhr earried off Ob Woodufe and Mtitery flfoaahrhawi, ttiuaaarm of asamjmy MmwaVmy the Horwood. Pride of Mmmiifa slami lintmj ??? iiurii?itr>nil as Wttt Asia* of Congress, perhaps, the seat ataeflMbaar of the day. A* nan k aaaQ? An tfce ?djnair rm el Vaag gosJW 1 i^r ?d lo?g, a?d ha. ?taa tftai Aaahbm. Bar Mtmia— fat par ?h*em mn ?mr haidtoa -not a line to i?a?e of what afekfc W done over a coaatrr—while aiher two ehunh.rhinni ahe set with aedderta. SfekVPlu* VmM?m or Gbwr act of Hibenta, by T*im!i ? TTiHwb rr—d ?<?? Vr Bnn out Ipte?kAaMtihw Ink awe, Martha, by tii fiiinaf. baa a fair fotar* bafoce her. Xlwwaethexat Saa*?wa wae H]?i??HnMttnf|netm Oa tiw£^^T,tMadaT t DeeenWs,it wu Lfltuuiiilinaiibiil and,whifooatheo?t iayltwaaJ|ihrl Sfito of the wea&ar;, fcovercr, 9? qport wa? exeeUeat, as the ?mdy-fdi 4pe? sot ?a€et a? aMehfrnat E^Wd aTT—rrfo- liar, ail mrtortorf wrti recwita fn^theiataalli^t^MidAti?p^Mr. VUh, nrtaav?evHaabvaad PwdigaL CYllttM tha tnt it wiD b? nutmbend wm the Gt?wwmd Stakes; while a Mt ago at Cwydaa ha fimabed ?£nd to Cfcaadoa om harfh* He ne—iia at two to one, but tor atMae ?aW or ?£?? ha neaMl t2l he towEhcd ? tolT^B fdhiJeanpnortitur, bat taettahlalir?aiagtofo?owemt. Uthm aahtwdt thai he had bow?*edaqw?- Mbaaa^a?dlfcaed tecbvaotttiac toty unra. Howenr, tt?e horae who within aw ye? has been a ao?iag plater, vqmaer of the Goodwood Stakea, fint femits far the Dnaeaator Cap, and Oat agaitzt the nreTWM yeart Lenr wiaoer, j wfcrt to the free* fiS⪚ dkmbfe, and won ' iaacsntcx,aa odead ha was brand to do, if all thiaf* we? rkht. utaftn waa ridden by hia owner, kr. Hoheon^who it ka?doith?id^th of the trial, bad £W on Flornel.BobertrAaao?'B Motnt, who wasieAaaito hbm. Fvopte will talk, and they £? aay, tiatttheatate of the odds, when the wsaabom warn hoiatod, shows a eomf waa intended; hat itdidat come off. Li the taca thacawM ao nuadt mad flying that kicartifioatkn waa not naanble. The tat loarfny Cimagifiy ?) dMagroe i? reported aad a gim far what A it worth:—R TAmo?, Tea boob aa be baddaantd the hat. h?idl^thoaattWhedaothu* to do bet tejMtdk Hawptna, and paae hm mflchani caOv; batthenMm he dtme Flarimel, the far&ef; dH the ether iKraatt hk kad. After the nnmhen were hoisted, aays Bobby to Freddy—-Wall, I didntthink yqa waa goiag to eenre me like thia." naddj—" Waa it yomt Why I coddn't te& who it waa, hat I amr thoaght it was The Prfntt ot WaleVsSteepledaaefaa ! to old Chimney Sweep, after a ding-Aung ' finah wilhtholriah Mre HnemT*la£ he fairly outstayed throngs the mad, die mfeOMt* ?-?•*- Woodcock followed J nphi? Onfim ?aaM by winning the, hM oe 15 %~bttter tomw Am at Wood- Ob the aeoond day the Great Saodown StetnTwhaae, after a game and desperate atragste between Palm and Gongeaas, was wt? V the former. It waa too modi, to ask &nta;£a MadwS's old hone fco give S3 Iba. to EUm, who had theadrantsge of rAnson m, aad . had made marked improvement fir the week once Croydoa. H? gallop there, and e?ggiag hk coat, made him afctip* maah. ?nperior hona,aadhis ownuv who tmjnt Mm in penon at h? &rm; war Ka?bom, bwl eriik?tty tost no time.. The wanderfel mafer. Lacy, with M A. on her back, and Lord M. Benaford at the mm. van the Priory Steeplechase in the eommonectofcantara by ten lengths; and FMracel, by wjaatagthe Handicap HanHea, •bowed how good waa the farm of Hampton. At KacnVsry, Boyne Water, who tin day WowWwo. the Royal HantSfeeeple chaae, earned oaT the Metropolitan Hunt On; aad Fkrnnel, in a HanDe Ban, at lgft, coadd apty get third to Ha&frx; ?tKfirf.saa. 11edym.oMJttpiter,wttohaa ! had a aharnthwofkmtely,wn?^e Middle- '' aex^ietphVhaaat II at-Siba. Ot Chritnnbam ttew Moot much that ! caO?/o( remark. C. Areher, a rwng jockey ?the ft^ytm-e* brother of Aelmiiaw F. An^e^etaK??tonthe other aide of the ?|?rction,andridi?ghkowama? Nativity —art W the way, w beaere be wa< hop atCbdte?haaL, hv father Imd in the neigtbarWd yean ago-won by 30 lengths. 11w next day the Antman Btopbrhaan h& to Cteea, by Citadel, a. • hone who pwani??n to take a hjg? rank is tnsmvounHj evwnta. If t≠ a one branch of the tarf which mote than another goeato the heart of a ?eopleythat branch m atoeat?chaang, and Oat people ia the Irish. They have great tndxttooea?d gnat deeda linked with die Sat, as The Bvob aad fangina-BilUh, and plenty more can testify, but almost all tbe-jpen of the flat go in for aomethug overatkka ea well, and we betters there ia not an Iriah owner who woaU notaooner wm the Omad Rational than tin Derby. WHe as for the people, contrast the mi?etaU? mnafear at a meeting where oily the legitimate baaueaa is allowed with the throng at Paneheatown, or aay fmce where steeplechases ew*H the pto graaoee. A fcw words about JnahsteeMe cbaaea may be in aeaaon now. The Ca?aph,aa ie well known, ? die principal aceoecf training operation), and the Hall Fifrffict lg raaaul oterby MaaHm.lfoo?,may be oet down as lie chief academy. Their •tiring includes Scots Grey, Albert, Juggler, Oamebird, Liberator, Farley, Pride of Kitdare,Bevenge,SaUmis,ThirBk, Cigarette, and others. Scots Grey is now in his sixteenth year, aad his day must be considered gone, although after a long interval ha reappeared in October to win in tie deep ground wttea. ?sited him all to pieces. Albert lonr labored under easpieka that he would never stand training again, bat hk naming at Shrewsbury proves barn tolerably sound. Janter needs only time and care, Game bira won tie Se&bpo;, aad ran forward in tha Grand National, which makes him a fatty good horse last anting. liberator, by Daa OCobihD, when far from n*-performed well in tie Grand National, since wienie has not started. He was purchased for £I^ooo, and is a sound powerful horse, hot many are of opinion he cannot stay. Farter m not the horse he was. and at, ' Cork, Kilkenny, and Oid Rock was easily beaten. Pride of KHdare k apparently below tie size we look for in a Grand National winner, bat her recent performance shows ahe has her day out. Baveage k rated very highly, but k probably too alow for Aintree. Salamk, a very nice My by Solon oat of Gazelle, k too young yet to ??fci? a name. In the past season ehe has been running as a three-year-old on tin flat witi small success. Tbirsk, by Thor manby out of Wild Agnes, was bought from Captain MachelL and, though he brought a gnat reputatiofi, has proved a Euhtre. At Eyrefield Lodge, bard by where Allan McDoaogh ?Md to keep, Mr. linde has a oarfvl payirar team, Sultana, HarUta, Christmas Gift, Gieaalmond, Outlaw, Moantaia Lad, Spider, Admiral, New Purchase, AbdaUah, Happy Thought. Christmas Gift k by Plum Pudding:, out of Trybackby Harkaway, aad was given to Mr. Lmde by hk former ownar, who: dMaakt han aaelea?. A winter's hunting pot kim right for going into work, and with 12 st. 3 lbs. he won the Conyngham CapfbeatngoldScot'sGreyat 13 Bt. Ilk by a neck, after a terrific race. Thw, however, cannot be considered a great performance. Gtenalmond k said to be a rare fencer. OuUaw, by Outcast oat of Chevy Chase, had a rare pace op to a mile oa the Sat, but j he kaud to be roguish aad not tie best- ! legged. Mountain Lad aad Spider are re- j parted doubtful stayers. The latter, how ever, k a winner, though he beat a ranred lot; and so k tie former, as are New ? Purchase, AbdaUah, and Happy Thought. Captain Gubbms has Chancellor and Asso raoce. The former kby Solan out of Claret Cap, a famous stayer, by Claret, standam. own sister to Birdcateher and Faogh-a-BaUagi. But he is one of a class that likes to be considerably bettor than hk company. Assurance gives good promise by hk performance with Mrs. Starr, ffoucie has Boaanmore by a son of New minster, Wild Dock, and Ingomar. The bitter's doings scarcely need record here. Wild Duck did not perform brilliantly at Croydo?. Rosanmore is an improving horse. Connolly k looking after Grand National andTuico. Grand National kby Plum Padding oat of Lyra, and thoogh he has not made any great exhibition on tie Eng lish side of the Channel hk home perfor mances are undoubted. Turco, by Selim, from Breda, by Buccaneer, has shown good form in England. Mrs. Starr and Melitta are under tie charge of May, the head tod of the gentleman who rides under tie name of St. James. On tie whole Ireland looks lea dangerous than we have known her. England, on the contrary, has an im mense recruiting depot, in the flat races, from which she draws raw material in a way that tie founders of steeplechases and hurdle races never contemplated. Those worthies would have been aghast at tie idea of winners of tie Royal Hunt Cup, AjeotStakes, Great Metropolitan, and Good wood Stakes, coming out in the jumping lim> is tie same season daring which they •cared their wins on the flat. Yet this is what Lowkader, Whitebait, and Hampton have done. The successes of Chandos, Regal, Ingomar, Hannonides, Zero, Wood cock, Palm, Friar Tack, Elliot, St Swithin, and Halifax, take up die wondrous tale. And so the dose of every racing season •wells tie ranks and adds new candidates. Some idea may be formed of tie system by giving a list, by no means exhaustive, of recent additions, in which will be found names prominent at all tie principal fix tures of the past season, ey.— Scamp, - PndkaL Hofttona, Lord Gownu, Slumber, Imaahowen, Briar Bov, Pageant. Mr. Winkle, Lacy, CoaddbtoF, Fairy^iiigl Dukedom. Telescope, Timour, Bridget, Rascal, Polkv, Pluton, tie Truth gelduur, Sjdbrooke, Stroller, Gtenmarkie, Quick March, Oatseye, Broadside, Lottery, Percy, Ebor, The Wizard, Seyyid, Curator, Bayard, Mohican, Miss Lizzy, Concha, Majesty, Bay Wmdham, Hellenist, FrenuntJe, Julia, ! Admiral Byng, Somnolency, Tie Shah, Rabbi, Middle Temple, Ormelie, Arbitrator, 1 Lady Sosebery, Peto, and others. Of coarse the fist will take a deal of sifting, and very few grains of wheat may be found i in the process, bat tie modern practice has 'foandauae-faracknof honea not worth retaining in the flat service. Few probably wfll come out of the ordeal finkhedeteaple dkaaers, bat bardlea can pot up with some tiuac; leas aecompikked. A rating season, nut and done with, leaves behind it a legacy in the shape of etatiatks; utatktica of winning mounts, winning owners, and winning ares. And thoaeiaome one has and "nothing k ao deceiving- at statistics, except perhaps, facts," tie burden k laid upon tie turf scribe, and he k bound to carry it The annexed table k tie record of the aeaao?, as far as the principal jockeys are concerned:— ' The following: also won races, and their •cores stand as follows:—H. distance, 25 wins; J. Snowdon, 23; J. Jams, 22; F Jeffery, 21; Caller, 5; Major, 5; and Andrews, 2. Thus, for tie third year in succession, F. Archer heads the list Soch performances are made possible by the facilities of tra velling, both for men and horses. The name of George Fordham is conspicuous by its absence, owing to ill-health. The statistics of tie principal winning owners read as below :— Count Lagrange kat lie top of the tree with twenty races won. The principal contributors to hk account are Camelia, winner of die One Thousand, and half the Oaks, and Chamant tie doable victor in the Middle Park and Dewhurst Plate. Other useful allies mare La Coureuse, tie oidy StockweU mare in training, Allu mette, Braconnier, Lina, Gamembert, Gavami, VerneoU, aad Leopold. And tie future is no lees promising, as ; in Chamant tie Phantom Cottage esta btiahment has lie first favorite for the coming Tiro Thousand and Derby. It will be remembered that the Franco- Prussian war compelled tie retire ment of tie Count from the turf, bat the reins wen handed over to M. Lefevre, who had such capital tackle to work with, and made such pood use of it) that daring the four yean he raced in England he was thrice head of tie poll, and when beaten I was second to Lord Falmouth. Lord Dup- ; plin follows with 16 races, value £14,300. Of this, Petrarch contributes £11,700 by ! the Two Thousand, Ascot Prince of Walea's Stakes, and Leger. Some deduction ap pareutly must be made from the value to Lord Dapplin, as Captain Oliphant was a joint purchaser, and lie breeder stipu lated for contingencies. The other winners were Kaleidoscope, Admiral Bjng, Le Promeneur, Somno lency, Polly Parkins, Slumber, and Teles-, cope, some of whom, as noted above, have been corcogned to hurdles. Lord Bosebery has caught tie Judge's eye twenty-four times, representing £13,190, and he has shown, most satisfac torily to himself, that he has nothing to learn in match-making. Lord Falmouth has done well with £10,000, by eight horses, out of twenty three races, and witi Lady Golightly, to say nothing of Silvio, King Clovis, and' Young Roscius, may well look forward witi confidence to tie coming season. [We are glad our Sporting Correspondent can speak so of the breeder of Mr. Ger ?ud's Tregeagle, who, by the way, is half brother to Silvio.—Ed.l Mr. Honldflworth after a run of most vexatious ill4uck has turned tie corner to sometime, winning£9,732 with twenty-five races. Springfield has an untarnished Escutcheon, and the son of St Alban'e and Viridie won nine races right off the reeL Sir George Chetwynd is tie winner of the greatest number of races, viz., forty, with eleven horses, but no single stake touched £1,000. His best were Dovedale, Chypre who won seven, and CapiOaire. Thanks to Kisber e Derby, Mr. A, Odtarci dn& not show so badly, and Cceruleas, Hesper, and tie Artemis colt floored a couple of thousand between them, while of course tie Grand Prix de Parts is not included. His brother is a proxime accessit thanks to his two-year-olds, as he had not a crack tiree-year-old in his stable. Mr.* Crawf urd has held higher places before, and Captain MacheU's score does not include steeplechases. But we need not pursue the analysis, and will only pause to note tiatMr.Smith'sdouhle event of Cwsare witch and Cambridgeshire, if it means only £3,805 iu shakes, points to something like £100,000 in bete, while it is pleasant still to note the name of Mr. Bowers. BfflScott's "remarkable yonng- un," who carries us back to tie days of West Australian, and still further back to the mighty Ootherstone, and further back etitl to earlier glories of the black and gold, when the Wizard of the North was its tried and trusted counsellor. Amongst tie trainers, Tom Jennings and Tom Stevens have, shown how much of racing success depends on the art of placing, your horses; quite as much—more, we think—as in pre paring them. Twenty-two races is tha practical result to Phantom Cottage—pity Ecossais is a gelding—and with a band of platers the Chilton trainer has secured £2,977. From winning horses the transi tion is natural to winning sires, and just as a tree is known by its fruits so is a father of die stud know by tie deeds of his off spring. The canons of breeding were laid down centuries ago by Horace—"Fortes Creantur" and tie ns£ and we have not learned much since. . Lord Clifden, the defunct eon of New minster, is at tie head with £19,288 won j by his stock. His death has left a gap in ; tie Touchstone sires hard to filL ft is curious to note bow tie Camel blood has clung to tie Leger. In 1834, Touchstone by Camel; in 1843, Blue Bonnet by Touch stone; in 1848, Surplice by Touchstone: in 1851, Kewminster; in 1863, Lord Clifden bv j Newminster; in 1870, Hawthornden by Lord Clifden; in 1872, Wenlockby Lord Clifden. In 1676, Petrarch by Lord Clifden, .to whom is due that sire's present position, now the great northern crown. Petrarch is the only three-year-old, however, Lord Clifden leaves behind him worth any thing. Nor can much be said for his two year-olds. Great expectations are cherished about his yearling, own brother to Haw thornden, and if he comes through the ordeal he will be sought for to perpetuate the line. Blair Athol is second, but the doings of his twenty-five winners confirm the suspicion that he gets them deficient in stamina. The only one of his stock that has done anything over a distance isCraig Millar, who won tie Doncaster Cup. But the race was run at a slow pace, while in a strong run race for the Amalgamated Queen's Plate and in a true run race for the Jockey Club Cup Charon and Braconnier beat him to nothing. The characteristic of all his stock is speed, and T.Y.C. Courses their best sphere. Sent to the stud at four, and witi forty i mares in his first season, we have no doubt there are physiological reasons for his trans mitting his pace and action, but not his own great staying powers. King Tom, now in his twenty-sixth year, is represented by nine sons and daughters, winners of twenty-six races, value £11,522 —all of them two and three year olds. Of the elder branch, Wild Tommy nearly won what wouldhavebeenamoresensational Leger than Lord Clifden's, while Skylark has not fulfilled the promise of his two year-old unbeaten career. But amongst the younger division the Mentmore sire can claim the best all-round .two year-old in England, Lady Golightly, who may be tile Eleanor and Illink Bonny of 1877. Between now and then will be an anxious time, for more reasons than one. Lady Coventry, dam of Far nese, and Lady Golightly, is by Thormanby out of Lady Uoden, tie dam of the roaring Lidduigton. Farnese joined the band, as k tie modern euphemism for turning , roarer, and the filly may inherit it from thegrandam. King Tom has, however, been pre-emi- ! nently favored in his female scions, a? ! Tomato, Breeze, Evelina, Hippolyta, Hip [ pia, Zephyr, and Hannah; and Lady Golightly looks like maintaining tie tradi tion. Lord Lyon has had his best year since he went to the stud, Cran Tair, Lady Ronald, and Placida, all two-year olds, being his best. Macaroni, that splendid union of Sweetheart and Panta loon blood is not only sire of the famous Cornelia, but also Maximilian, the yearling for whom Robert Peck gave 4,100 guineas. It k worth recording that tie dam of Camelia k Aiaucaria, by Ambrose out of Pocahontas, tie mother of such representa tive horses as StockweU, Rataplan, King Tom, Knight of St Patrick, AJraucaria— all of them landmarks in the Stud Book. Speculum stands next, and Rosebery's doings in the past will give this horse an extra lift in breeders' eyes, although his stock are credited witi wills of their own. Hermit does not reach £10,000, and per haps his best is Monk, own brother to Holy Friar, but disfigured with " clubbed" feet. Levant, Plunger, Polonaise, and Apology have left Adventurer in good company, though not so high as when Pretender and Apology made his fame ring through the north. That great mare Las left tie post for the paddock. To Plunger, however, we may look as by no means out of tie classic races of 1877, spite of the French stable. Newminster, through his son Victorious, who claims fifteen win ners, is keeping the Touchstone blood to the fore; and Beadsman, though dead, still speaks in the deeds of his children, to whose twenty victories Chaplet, Dovedale, Coeruleus, contribute most. The Palmer narrowly missed getting a Derby win ner, for if Kisber had been out of j the way, Forerunner would have gone down on the roll of fame. Parmesan j owes most to Hopbloom, but he must look back witi regret to the days when Cremome and Favonius swelled his gains, for it took sixteen to run the score up to twenty-six, value £G,083. llosi crucian looks like the coming sire, and the second year that his stock have faced the starter has been a good one. Ten have won twenty races, value £5,218, and Clievro.i and Rosy Cross stand out in advance. But if, as reported, Chevron makes a noise, the past is better than tie future. Aud s>< we might go on following the line throu^l; Knight of the Garter, Thunderbolt, Cathe dral, See-Saw, Scottish Chief, Trumptiter Broomielaw, Brown Bread, General P?el. the Duke,Citadel, Cambuscan, Julius, King of Hearts, Dalesman, John Davis, Kettle drUm, Oxford, and lesser, or at least less successful sires. But our notes have outran all limits, and we Till close our sires'gossip with the greatest name of all. StockweU was credited with two winners —La Coureuse and Zaccliaeus. Of speculation on the great spring events there is next to none, and just now the leading Derby colts are simply doing healthy exercise. Hayhoe is keeping Plunger fairly up to the mark, and Matthew Daweon is content with Ion? trotting and walking exercise, which is au fotn Jennings is giving Chamant Price . is giving an occasional exercise* gallop', and Rob Roy k cantering. Robert Peck is at long walks, and from that quarter danger is apprehended. PeUegrino has left off - with a fair claim to consideration for the spring, and the two dark colts, Actseon aud nlorier, are said to be undoubted clinkers. The Monk k doing similar work at Kingsclere, but to Robert Peck with one of his three, or Lady Golightlv, Eng land must look to keep the Derby from ! crowing tie Channel. The filly is in the Two Thousand, and if ehe wins that and the Derby as well, she will do a hitherto -unaccomplished feat. Twice the Derby and Oaks have faUen to one fiUy, but the Thousand and Derby never. • [The remainder of our Correspondent's j letter will appear as space permits.—Ed.] Won. Lost. Tatml F. Archer ... 906 ... 4(8 ... 654 H.Omt£le „. 74 „. 232 ... 306 &.Weed<m ... 55 ... 173 ... 223 H.Motjm ... SS ... 850 ... 314 T.Oumoo ... sg ... le9 W. Xevhooae ... 51 ... 184 235 i-Go^f ? ... i?0 ... 299 F.-W?* 48 ... Ill ... 158 C. Archer ... 38 ... 229 .. 267 J.lbakmald ... 3? ... 177 ... 211 CWood 34 ... 151 ... 185 Count Lagrange ... Lor?ll>applin Lorifthnoutt ... Mr. H. Hooldswortti SirG.Chetwyad ... Mr.^BaltuEi Mr. H.BaUani Mr. W.S. Crawford... CfcptainMaeMl ... Mr.8wik> ZMdWSHM Ur.T.Jmaxagt ... Lat4 Hwtiagtan ... Mr,W.?mrd BCr. VyiMr IMwieBdUyfcnff ... Mr. J. Smith... Me.J.Jdbmoa Mr.W.B.ManbKU... Dake of Hamilton ... Mr.Poltauy ... £17,050 ... 14,360 ... 13,190 ... 10,000 ... P.732 ... 7JM9 ... 7,425 ... 7JW0 ... 5,171 ... 4,612 ... 4,678 ... 4JU? ... 4£7? ... M70 ..4 4.SU ... 3,981 ... 3,1163 ... S.80S ... 8,780 ... 3^284 ... 3,065 ... 3,065 