THE FIRST PASTORAL. ho. xiv. , Passing over the twelve years reign of Alexander II. and his miserable contests with the Anti-pope Honorius-IL and the Emperor, in which worldly intrigue and warlike violence on- both sides showed how much the Vicar of Christ was opposed to the "Devil and. the Flesh," and how perfectly .he was the embodi ment of the Supernatural, Dr. Vaughan comes, in his Pastoral, to speak ,of Gregory VII., and holds him up' to his followers of St. Mary's as a granid illus tration of the Popes at war with the demon of "pride, luxury, cruelty, and revolution." " St. Gregory VII." says Dr. Vaughan, ' ' went from land to land, and died in exile." This was very sad. It is an affecting appeal to the susceptible people of St. Mary's, and it claims from them the sighing lament—" Poor man, his case was just like that of Pius IX., and the Devil had much to do with the troubles of both of them !" But let us see what kind a man Gregory was, and let us see a little of his warring with the Devil, as the impersonation of the Supernatural. We have seen already that Hildebrand was not the man of peace and love which Dr. Vaughan would gently insinuate. In the reigns of the last two Popes he was, as chief adviser of them in one capacity or another, an active, bold, and unscrupulous asserter of the power of the Papacy ; and to him more than to anyone else were to be ascribed the turmoils and strifes between the Empire and the Papacy which had slain more- people on both sides than any of the wars between secular armies. He forsbadowed in all that he did that, if ever he came to the dignity of the Papal chair, there would be small chance for any that would oppose his will ; for he plainly 'avowed1 that the Papacy ought to hold two swords— the one to smite down opponents with spiritual curses and perdition-woes ; and the other to shed the blood of his enemies if they would not submit to the supreme authority of the reigning Peter ! No doubt Gregory wept when he was made Pope. So modest was he, that, not withstanding that during two pontificates he had been virtually Pope, he wept when at length he was elected to the chair. He was officiating at the obsequies of Alexander II. when a cry arose from the clergy And people assembled — "Hilde brand is Pope." A Cardinal presbyter, who was yet under the charge of simony, and had been excommunicated by the late Pope, was especially officious in shouting " Hildebrand is Pope." So he received the tiara, and commenced his reign with a hypocritical submission to the Emperor — sending to. Henry messengers to an nounce his election, and asking the Imperial assent, with a sort of indirect intimation that he would do well to re fuse it ; and taking the name of Gregory VII., although Gregory VI. had by Im perial authority been declared an illegiti mate Pope. It was a sort of gentle hint that Hildebrand did not recognise the Imperial authority which he professed to acknowledge — he would count Gregory - VI. a true Pope, and take the succession by calling himself Gregory VII. Well, Gregory VII. did not long wait to shew his embodiment of the " Super natural!" At once lie began the contest with "the Devil, the World, and the Flesh." At once he sought to curse the " demon of pride and luxury." Hitherto the Popes had more or less, some very decidedly, and none more decidedly than those two who had been under the- in fluence of this same Hildebrand as adviser, claimed to have high mission from heaven in both temporal and spiritual matters. The first object of tho new Pope, Gregory VII., was to raise the Popedom to the absolute supremacy — to make the Vicar of Christ the sovereign arbiter in all dis putes, civil and sacred — to put all king doms in his gift— to make all kings' and rulers the' mere executors of his will and lieutenants in his service — to put earth and heaven and hell in his grasp ; the last for the'punishment of bis enemies, the second for the reward of his friends, and the first for the protection of those who were to be rewarded or cursed— and therefore to give him all power and weapons, both secular and spiritual, that nothing and nobody should stand in the way of his divine behests. Gregory saw that two things were necessary to his success— first, the clergy must be absolutely dependent upon the Pope ; and secondly, the clergy must be absolutely subject to his commands. What was called " simony " often meant no more than that office in the Church was gained by the influence of kings, or rulers, or mobs, and not by the direct gift and authority of the Pope ; therefore aimony must be put down ; and every office and dignity in the Church must come fiom himself as the fountain of all grace, and authority, and rule. Next, what was called "concubinage" among the clergy was often lawful marriage, although, because lawful marriage was always condemned by monks and ascetics, many of the clergy lived in the most scandalous immorality, with . as many concubines and mistresses as their means could engage or their lust .enveigle. So the clergy must by force be compelled to live in celibacy, that the better they might be ordered and ruled and directed as an army by the superiors appointed over them. Clergy, with their wives and families, were likely to have national and personal interests, and these might be alien to the interests of the great absolute king sitting at Rome. Such clergy might be loyal to a king in their own country who would not acknowledge the claims of the Pope in some particular ; or, such clergy in different countries might take different views of national disputes from those which the Pope might wish to prevail ; and so such clergy could never be made toois to uphold at all hazards the objects of the Pope. Therefore the clergy must be ftbsolutelv freed from the tie.q of family and country, and they must be organized as an army which would move and retreat, which would attack and defend as the order might come from head quarters. Thus Gregory planned ; thus he fought the Devil ; thus he sub dued the demon of luxury and pride; thus he embodied the Supernatural ; and with what success the world knows ; for from that day till now " the Church " has been thrown into, direct opposition to the world, not as a heavenly power trying to make better the world, but as a sacerdotal ecclesiastical power trying to put its foot on the neck of kings, trying to make civil liberty impossible, and trying to make all laws and rulei'8 mere instruments of its will. Of course Gregory found difficulties in the way of speedy perfect success. England he found was not going to bow down and allow him to go over. But the German empire was the difficulty. , The Emperor was subject to the Pope as a true son of the Church ; but the Pope was subject to Henry as a member of the Empire. The . Emperor had secular arms ; and the Pope had indeed these also, and he disdained not to employ them ; but he had the more powerful arms of anathema, hell and pur gatory. Which would win 1 It would .he easy to answer if superstition had not re duced the nations to mere serfdom. If the clergy, as an army, would obey the Pope; if they would refuse to preach, or confess, or marry or bury, if the Pope should order these ; if they would spread sedition and treason among the nations if the Pope should release all subjects from the oath of their allegiance, the chances were that the spiritual arms would prove more powerful than the secular arms, and even a mighty emperor would find himself weak when he came into contest with Christ's awful vicegerent. It was thus in the case of the German Emperor. He whose armies could have crushed the Pope was deposed by the Pope. He who had charged the Pope " By craft thou hast got money, by money influence, by influence the power of the sword, by the power of the sword thou hast mounted the throne o£ peace, from the throne of peace thou hast destroyed peace; arming subjects against their, rulers, bringing bishops appointed by God into contempt, «fcc. Thus accursed, thus condemned by the sentence of bishops and our own, down ! Leave the Apostolic throne which thou hast usurped. I, Henry, by the grace of God, king, with all the bishops of my realm say unto thee, down ! down!" Cowedbefore the haughty Gregory, stood Henry bare-footed, in the midst of deep snow, for three days, at the door of the Pope, praying most penitently for the Pope's forgiveness, and found admission on the most humiliating conditions. The imperious Pope had de posed him in terms which showed how arrogant were the Papal claims, and how uncontrolled was the Papal ambition. — " In full confidence of authority over all Chris tian people, granted by God to the dele gate of St. Peter — for the honour' and defence of the Church — in - the name of Almighty God, the Father,. Son, and Holy Ghost— and by the power and authority of St. Peter, I interdict King Henry,- Bon of Henry the Emperor, who, in his unex ampled pride has risen against ' the Church, from the government of the whole t'ealm of Germany and Italy . I absolve all Christians from the oaths which they have sworn or may swear to him ; and forbid all obedience to him as king. -For it is just that he who impugns the honour of the Church should himself forfeit all the honour tohich he seems to have,& c. I bind him therefore in thy name in the bonds of thy anathema, that all nations may know and may acknowledge that thou art Peter, that upon thy rock the Son of the living God has built his Church, and that the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." To all this infamy and humiliation Henry submitted; meekly he confessed his sin; " he fell upon his knees and in a passion of grief entreated the merciful interference of a woman to plead with the Pope for him ;" then only the Pope received him as if he had finally conquered him. We shall continue the article next week, 