Saturday. Qctoiier 13, 1877. Vincit, qui se vincit: a he conquers who “ overcomes himself,” is now the proud motto of the Legislative Council of Victoria, The “ rod lattice phrases ” and Pistolian bombast of the squatting journals of Collins street have ended in smoke. Like their prototype, Sir John Palstave, if they only had his wit, the notables have discovered that “ dis “ cretion is the better part of valour.” “ What is honour to him who was “ killed yestorday,” asks Belcher. The knights of Downing street and the de scendants of “ the twelve Apostles ” alone disdained to yield, and without a stain upon their escutcheons they re treated to the Melbourne Club, where a perusal of the letteis of Mr Rawhox Gueene (brother-in-law to the late Act ing Governor) no doubt afforded them some little consolation. We are not of those who attach much importance to a success of this nature, because the great agrarian problem remains unsolved and the constitutional question has not ad vanced one step, For another twelve months, howevor, the inconsequential land tax must have courso. Meantime let us at once bestir ourselves to do what we can. The electoral machinery of Victoria could not be in a more unsatis factory condition than it is at present. Plurality of votes and unequal electoral districts are of themsolves sufficient at any emergency to endanger the popular element in the Assembly. Only six months ago a corrupt majority was manufactured in that House, who at one fell swoop suspended trial by jury and the Habeas Corpus Act- It is'impos sible that such li class'couldgain iulmit taqce to the House had we the proper clobtoml machinery to work with,- How can we; work without "the proper tools ? Our efforts have invariable ■ ended in kero. It is like trying to make ropfes out of sand. According to the consti tution of Victoria Mr1 HenT.y1 Miller or any other wealthy mail may purchase tlm right to record fifty-five votes on the day of a geqersj blcptfon, qqd thus virtually disfranchise' fji’fcy-foiiV working men! Again jt will be fouud that ten constituencies of l-i,(jOO electors return ten members to the Assembly in oppo sition to another ten constituencies of 31,000 electors, who send ten members to the House, by whfch piece of jiqljtical legerdemain 18,000 electors belonging to the industrial .classed in the last named electorates are absolutely* and niost unlawfully disfranchised, in the debate upon' the Hnglish Jiousehold franehjje' the present Premier of Eng land said, “ The Engljsh ponstjtjjtjon shrinks from the proposal of double if votes, well knowing that property jn addjtion to the frifqchise has oyer at its command those great aqd varied “ influences inseparable from its ppsscs « sjon.1’ The manufacture of fjetifioiis votes is one of our institutions. Land owners, stock agents, and importers have invested very largely in purchasing qualifications for employees and relations over every electorate in Victoria. In order to check the malign tendencies of the English Reform Bill of 18:52, Sir Robert Peer’s order of the day to the Tory camp was, “ Register. Register, « Register.” In Victoria it is “ Manu “ Picture, Manufacture, Manufacture.’’ A"ain, when the electoral districts of Victoria were first laid out the scramble lay.between the compact, powerful, ter ritorial party with • aStawell at- its head and the people of the colony—the latter just enfranchised and without any social or political status whatever. It need hardly be said that the squatter had only to pick and chouse. You fake your pocket borough in the east, I take mine in the west, And it is still those rotten constituencies which deform the electoral topograhpy of the colony. It is now four months since the last gene ral election, and we consider it far from creditable that the disgraceful anomalies which we have pointed out should still linger on our statute book. We cannot indorse the opposition which Air Muxito met with. We consider it a sacred duty to strike at the disgrace ful system by all and every means in our power. The franchise is the vital basis of all. It must have precedence of all. Nor can we for one moment con cede the assumption that any Ministry whose united constituencies perhaps do not represent five per cent, of the elec toral body of this colony should for one moment sway the individual action of any member of the Assembly. Had Air Tucker yielded to such a theory, as he was pressed to do, the swing gates and the squatter would not at this moment be the unlawful obstructionists which the Assembly has decreed them to be. Glance at the result of the present system. Not only has property a house to itself which can veto the Assembly, but it has the direct and indirect sup port of all the leading journals in the colony, both Conservative and Liberal, with very few exceptions indeed. Through the bank parlour it influences commerce and credit and elections. It gives to its owners a prestige, a social influence and position far greater than the franchise, in addition to all of which our Parlia ment confers upon Mr Henry Miller and every capitalist in the country an electoral patent in proportion to the length of his purse, more scandalous than any nominee system which ever flourished in New South Wales., It has returned a certain class of politicians to Parliament, who possibly may think twice before they condemn the bridge which carried them over. And all this will no doubt stimulate a spirit of criti cism on the part of the people of this country when the next general election takes place. The present Assembly is the best ever seen in Victoria, but is it for ever to be made up of auctioneers, lay preachers, and land mediums ? When will the masses muster courage to look at its own moleskin with respect? When will they venture to place confidence in it ? Till such time we are afraid they must rest, satisfied with small blessings ; for if they do not respect themselves how can they expect others to do so. Unless the present Assembly remodels the con stitution of this country it will nevor be remodelled, except by violence. No Ministry ever had such a majority. If it fail them the people wilt never more believe in parliaments. It would be mad ness to do so. Shall our present Go vernment be satisfied to drift as it has done since the G.tli of last May in the wake of its predecessors. The Crown lands are going with unabated rapidity. There is not Sven the check which Mr Casey set upon them. The franchise is still a monopoly for the man of wealth, the electoral districts arc still as the wealthy made them, although even in Turkey equal electoral districts and universal suffrage pure aud simple have become the law of the land. Let us hope for the best in the words of Tennyson : And statesmen at her Council met Who knew the seasons, when to take Occasion by the hand, and make The bounds of freedom broader yet ]5y shaping some august decree, Which kept her throne uushakon still, Broad based upon her people's will, And compassed by the inviolate sea. In tropical regions more frequently than in other parts of the globe nature deviates from her routine order, eccentrically in troducing confusion on a general har monious rule. While scientific philo sophy cannot discover her motive of action or exhibit in detail the ultimate object contemplated, a bitter experience attests that the operation ad interm ix fraught with calamity and intense .suffering to all concerned. One of these interruptions lias recently occurred on the Indian con tinent. The suppression of the ordinary rains at the critical period of seed time has resulted in arresting the germination over a tract of incalculable extent. Not only has the rice crop—the main reliance —failed, hut under the same pernicious agency all other cereals and vegetable produce capable of protracting existence have boon blighted, and in direot con sequence millions of our fellow creatures are now enduring the excruciating'agony of starvation.' We regret to say that in the history of India this affliction is not unprecedented cither as to the numerical aggregate of victims or the area of country involve!!.' Very recently the Delta—the island triangle at: the enn fluoHce of the Ganges and another large river—was submerged by a tidal wave, nnd the tens of thousands of its occu pants with all they possessed instanta neously destroyed. This latter, how ever', is a catastrophe that will not bear cbmparison for terrific character with tho ope'^Te mpy bring under notice. • In the oaso 'of inundation there were but few survivors.' The contemplative mind, shocked at the awful suddenness of the event, was soon philosophically consoled under the idea that their sufferings had ceased ; that with its opening scene the drama of woe had terminated; that in a physical sense they were now beyond sorrow, and men rejoiced jn a providen tial policy'which apparently stem had been really niotciful'in annihilating them with their jiropertyA In the, famine, however, imagination sickens at the pic ture of whole families in ceaseless accu mulation expiring with want. Decrepid ago, youth recently ejqstic With ’health and vigour, ami the tender infant vainly drawing at'the jireast of a dying mother for that nutriment which her emaciated system is'adequate to supply. History on examination docs not present a e.asg exhibiting' si'nli powerful f^atures 'cif misery in im appeal j» the public sym pathy of ah nations, and nobly in other localities ha\;e they responded to fliat appeal.. It, is now our turn as one ’mid the thousand i;nniimmities of the British dominion fo eonsecratq an offering to this most hqly pause. V,re ])ave djlatcd to. this people of heathen faith on the superior character of our.creed, its re novating power in transforming selfish apathy to Christ-like compassion. Let us prove the' theory, give substantial expression to wlmt we profess. It i3 not external to the range of possibility that an all-wise God may have sanctioned this dreadful occurrence with a view of fraternising us with them by proving that our anxiety for their .spiritual wel fare is not a mere oral declaration. Con vinced of the genuine nature of our re gard, the assistance afforded may be the means of overthrowing their barriers of caste, assimilating them to ourselves in religion, habits, and customs. The Greeks and Romans of antiquity laid on their altars in vast profusion the most costly objects they possessed, saturated the burning piles with libations of choice wine with valuable gems therein. Let us emulate the example. We have no shrines to imaginary deities ; we have no jewels of inestimable value ; but we ourselves “ are the temples of the Holy ” Ghost and the spirit of the Lord “ dWelleth in us.’’ Let us propitiate that God by devoting our hearts to this .act of practical worship, enlisting our energies in doing good, the great, the noble cause for which Christ was incar nated. If in the career of life we could record an incident where the extension of the hand to some creature on the verge of destruction by rail, water or lire without our doing it, oh how would its appalling memory haunt every scene of enjoyment in the future. How would the agonising cry ring in the ear, the expression of anguish and the last re proachful despairing glance be indelibly fixed on the mind’s tablet in every moment of reflection and mid-night dream. In that retrospect which men are accustomed to take of life’s windings on the eve of dissolution, how would such nil apparition koni up in dark colouring, almost preeludiiighope beyond the grave. Only in a numerical sense the cases are not parallel., Not one, but millions are sinking. Men and women of Williamstown and Footscray ratify your mission as a Christian people of your superfluity, relieve their urgent necessity, and enjoy the luxurious reflec tion that you have done your duty to your God and fellow creatures. The secretaries of cricket clubs would con fer a favor by forwarding their communica tions early in the week as several reports are this week reluctantly crushed out. The license of the Morning Star Hotel Williamstown, was yesterday transferred front Mrs Amelia Senior to Mr Scudds. During the week which ended on Satur day, the 29th nit., there were at Willliams town seven births and four deaths; and at Footscray, eleven births and one death. The only business before the Williamstown court yesterday was a case to recover rates, in which a verdict for the amount was given, and the transfer of a hotel license. Mr II. A. Bunn has been gazetted ns the Government auditor lor the boroughs of Williamstown and Footscray, and the shires of Braybrook and Wyndham. The repairs to the Victoria are about com pleted, and in all probability she will sail for Bass's Straits about the end of next week to resume the marine survey in which she has been engaged for some time. D. Newell, Esq., the mayor of Footscray, is going to celebrate bis re-election to the chief magistracy of the borough by a grand ball, which will take place on Friday next. A number of invitations have been issued, and it is anticipated that the affair will be a brilliant success. A blow ily once made a dash at a roast of beef, intent on wreaking the destruction these varmints usually make. As he alighted the buzz of his wings raised the pepper the careful housewife had dusted over the joint. Master Ily rolled over gasping for breath, and while he nearly dislocated his wings with sneezing, he cried, “ Bless my sold, whatever have they been a doin' on with thp meat! " Had the Sunday’s dinner been in one of Kiuicowski’s elegant fly- proof Safes the surprise would have been greater still. The defects in the acoustic properties of the apartment in the town hall, Footscray, in which the court is held, and which wer? pointed out by a contributor m our columns last week, were painfully apparent on Wed nesday last During the examination of witnesses in the ease of larceny from the till of the Station Hotel, Inspector Lamer half frequently to request the witnesses to, spe.ajj out, and although they apparently did so, their words were hardly audible. Some effort should be made to remedy this annoyance, which is a great drawback—especially in a place where every word has to be so care fully noted and weighed. The middle ward of the borough of Foots cray has hecn enlarged by the annexation of an outlying district, which is described in the last issue of the Gazette as follows “ Commencing at a point on the right bank of the Saltwater river where it is intersected by the southern side of the Melbourne and Murray River Railway ; thence easterly, and south-easterly by that railway to the western boundary of the city of Melbourne ; thonca southerly by that boundary to the south side of the Melboqr'no. and Footscray road; thenqa westerly by that road to the present 'p^ster^ boundary of the borough ; and thence nqrl.it* erly by that boundary to'the point of com mencement.".'1 ' Mr Stewart, the contractor for the canal and drainage of the West Melbourne swamp, has from time to time discovered bones and other remains of animal life during the pro cess of excavating. Some of these have been iouhd at a depth of ten feet. Two of the specimens are said to he parts of the skulls of some large bird now extinct, and are in a state of fossilisation. One rclio whicji n]> pears to have been a leg bone was unearthed last week. It is completely potrifie^ age A number of gold fish have also been ob tained from the swamp, “all alive oh," one of which had reached Brobdignagian pro portions, as it turned the scales at two and n quarter pounds. On Saturday last an accident which term!* Railway Station', 4s ft? train liaipstaw.n vyas 'moving from the Ydrravijlo platforrii, a bill-sticker jlimped' into'one l<i the carriages. A seaman’ belonging to this schooner Florence nntned Owen Edwards, who was standing near the post of this wiejjMj gate, made an attempt to close the of the carriage, and- in doipg. so got betwee^ the fence' whjch j^ris from the, wicket to thCj end of the platform, i'here being but very little space between'the fence and the edge of the platform the poor fellow got jqmrped was swept , by the dooy pijt^erneatb thq wheels of the moyipg train, three of tyhkft passo(l qy.e^. his legs before the train wp| brou ght to a standstill. On being removed lie reemed to he in a terribly jputilated state* He was at once rollccj up in sotno oil skjft clothes lie had with him and taken to the Melbourne hospjtnl. On exanpnatioq it yfaq found that he had received Injuries wjiipl} precluded the chance of recovery. Ip dition to the wpupds on the rigbf thigji leg, which was severely lacerated, ftef? \W ft cut on the left side of the head. His spine, was also fractured, which caused his death. An inquest was held on Tuesday and a rer* diet of accidental death returned. 1 A of Footscmy :ire to ^ on w«lne--.lay evening Comely Troupe are «« ■I! ;cca to »ppw for 0,U! uvcnlP” " j panics* Instate. : '' csWcllts of Footscray are reminded of ' honied meeting this evening at the " i;v‘ ics- Institute to consider by what 1 ^ f„nd> can be raised to relieve the 1 ^sufferers in India. The clmir will : ^ at eight o'clock. k" "recent meeting of the committee of A‘“ ki„g 'ucn’s 'vcetly temperance enter sits at Williamstown, it was resolved 'Mil'll1monster gatlmring in the volunteer Tasco-street, which has been f t! wanted for that purpose. This event ^-J.e p];u-c on the 'Jth of November, '■'fdic anniversary of the birth of the ^ Wales. The preliminary arrange ?fl1 - 1-rre been entrusted to a number of Ci"' n'lio have a sympathy with the move life i 1st enjoyable evening was spent at the ■" ■ - i ball, Williamstown, on Tuesday ‘ i a large audience assembled to . fej ^the grand dissolving views exhibited Heady of Collingwood in behalf of the Methodist Free Church on the “ Life ■! . "cfcria." The views, which were of a very I.-;! character, were explained by the Rev. j“EuSand were much appreciated by the | J,'.ii;eIiCe. Mr Ilendy gave his time and ■'•I prices free. Though the expenses were : jIjer bevy a good sum will be realized. 1 j it the Footscray Police Court yesterday, i;;| ^re Messrs Newell and Mitchell, J.P.’a, n ’ roman named Elizabeth Downey was charged ' ^jjb having travelled by rail from North &; Melbourne to Footscray without having a heket for the said journey, and also with Mj ^,,2 dmnk and disorderly. The woman fe) ,discharged, Mr Hall, the stationmastcr, not desiring to press the charge for having '•M no ticket; and having, Veen in gaol since the l;| previous morning she was also set at liberty If on tie second charge. Jeremiah Sullivan, if fjr being an idle and disorderly person, was remanded till 'Wednesday next ' ! On Saturday last a Mrs Skipworth of ■! fsrrarille and her son, a little fellow about d a years, old had a narrow escape from what rr.'jbt have proved a serious accident. As ■.; titv were about leaving her place of business r;th some goods in a cart the horse—usually very quiet—took fright and started off at an ciaaial pace, making in the direction of the river. The lady became confused and was □able to control the animal, when luckily help campus, they were about colliding with ! j fence n&r; the Crown Hotel. The postboy who was returning from delivering letters ’ ssw the critical situation, and jumping from i hi; horse caught the runaway in iimo to pre rent the collision. :r An instance of unwarrantable officiousness ( was exposed yesterday at the Footscray f Police Court. A woman named Downey was [; charged with travelling on the railway willi n' oat a ticket. The sitting justice having asked ; Stationmastcr Hall if he desired to press the ‘ charge, was answered in the negative ; but requested to make a statement, which was as follows “ I have been a public officer for the last twenty years and never had a threat hurled at me till the previous morn ing, when a person—I mean Mr Atherton, a reporter sitting in the court—came rushing ! into my office and said if I did not give the j woman in charge he would report me.” The | statement of the stationmastcr seemed to be borne out by the.woman saying that Mr Hall i had let her go, and shortly afterwards brought her hark, This was done in order to serve a ■ number of passengers with tickets for the up i A gallant rescue from drowning occurred at Photserny last Saturday, adding another noble action to the long list to the credit of colonial pluck, Two vour.g lads, named Ro ganand Trophy, went bathing in the canal, at the back of Pridham’s slaughtering pre mises. Kogan went into the water first, but ipeedily came to grief ns he was unable to Etrim. His companion extemporised a rope and threw it to him. Rogan clutched the slender help, and in his struggles drew the other boy (who was holding manfully onj into the water also. They must have in evitably perished but for the bavery of another youth who saw their peril, and rushed to their assistance. 4 young fellow, named Kcigban, aged seventeen, observing the boys sink in the water, jumped in to their aid. Both the lads fastened on to him -one clinging to his neck, while the other held on to his arm. Nothing daunted, Kcighan struck them off, took one to the bank, and returned for the other. The boys had sank twice, and were insensible; their preserver, however, was equal to the occa sion, and, instead of leaving them to obtain trip, he set about the work of resuscitation. After a time his attempts to restore anima tion were successful, and he took the young sters home. So little did the youth think of bis humane exploit that no' mention was made of it until the mother of one of the rescued lads made enquiries as to why it had not been put in the papers. Keighan is said to have saved another hoy who had got into the Saltwater river last summer, and if the feport be correct, he certainly deserves some public acknowledgment fob his heroism. Among, the numberless and varied attrac tions which are to be displayed at the bazaar, to be held on Friday and Saturday next, at the Presbyterian school- rooom, in aid of the ijilliamstown, Ladies’ Benevolent Society, there will be ghost scenes rivalling those of Professor Pepper or the celebrated Fakir of Oolu. Mr Charles Maclean,'of Cecil-street, has constructed an ingenious apparatus, jrbicli will call up ghosts and other ghastly j-nt harmless apparitions' before' the awe sfthek;' wondering 'visitors. " l’lie adjuncts which have been prepared for' this really clever and artistic performance must have taken considerable time, patience, and skill. The scenery ’chosen for the visitors from another world to make their appearance in is pot the stereotyped, old, tumble-clown bnild ?n2 associated with deeds of violence; but in a grotto or gave,' like the haunts of brownies weliiri sprites Of old, so that the visions will awfully horrible, unless sensitive ,, s connect them with the doomed spirits of. the ' robbers, who left the little rial robins the heavy and ungenial task a- !]ur7inS the “ babes in the wood 1" he Artillery band have kindly 'given their i -.eryides fbr the occasion, and .will plhy in the pound at the Presbyterian school-room during the evenings, so that independent of jbe bar,4ar'other attractions sbonjii create a ;arge attendance. A very large and valuable tolleqtiop of useful and ornamental articles desire so and money tpent in assisting the poor. ' The Mayor will Pfeii the bazaar at three olclock on Friday afternoon. " .. . ' • ” (, pi pe exposed for sale. Those who (o ]>elp in 'this gause yyill he able tfjtlt) id the same time have a return for the not seem so ifflaginafiS,, 