"Mrs. Charlie Thorneycroft's Curtain Lectures," [BY THE Ghost OF CAUDLE] Now Charicy, I'll stand it no longer, you, have held the reins for the: last ten years, and have, done next to nothing. You have spoiled to be sure and bounced occasionally; tint you; make no "headway. £ mean to assert, my Woman's Rightis, JEsss Austen of : MccxEfly isa cSmrcfaWardea. and noooe can say of her what was said of her predecessor, "Jobjaa "VTtmeer was- Seek, medfest smd " strait*, . i'< PnWKanMHtqimn- ?IwT tiJJu. witfrenirf. jtrmr—. or debate; - I But?las, for Tobias f though —as be, , J He ogled most slyly one JBiddy Sfagise.** j No fear. Shell be fotma sl tbe end o£ ber , . yeas no defaulter, and no Ami I ; meat- to loHqw 1 suit. I Jutt iM* going; to see ' -my husband, with, only n. tUieen£Je-£ttQ ot ; brams,thxowawayeterychaaicec>fli£e,fQrthe sake Of an icrane love of popularity. Popu larity, Charlie, never boiled, tbe" pot; -sntt if your" pot wanted fuel to-morrow, not one of > your co legislators, would send you a load of . wood. But you axe representative of the : Soothera Territory and Town Councillor of the municipality of Sleepy Hollow 1 "Well, I admit all that, but tbat is no justification . of your extravagance, and your neglect of home duties. I can gather from, my Bible that there were homss before there were parliaments, and that of the two, the- borne had the more refining influence, the more endearments, the more rational and re munerative occupations. But Chsrlie, -By dear fellow, 1 don't think you're " the man for Gal way;'* you'll never he prime minister, aud less than that, if I were you. Would not satisfy my ambition. "But you're young at the business yet 1" T know you, .are, but you are not going to throw svaj n whole life to gather au experience which, after; all, may not be appreciated, and brine J oa no profit. Xoofc. at Windeyer. He has been ten years casiit-g "-a longings lingering look" towards *" the prize of his high calling ;" aud after forty- eight bonis in harness, he is sent "back fo ms stable. "What i-cnomhy 1 I pity him. and ineffably contemn the jackals tbat bound every man of honor, intelligence and probity, that offeiw to assist iv guiding -the helm of the State. But, Charlie, it will not suit yon, if you are to suit mc. Here I have these four blessed little habieaall -ill, said suffering ' from severe colds for the last mouth, and could never get them over it, hut for that > glorious Euealypt, Mc M. was so so kind as to send mc. That horrid girl I pay twelve shillings a week to, told mc she conld not afford to lose Iter night's slesp. Think of tbat Charlie, iv a Christian land! It's. enough la make one turn Turk, and never do a kindness for a fellow creature. "Couldn't I hire a nursed* You don't think mc so green as not to know what to do in. a iliffii-nlty ! I did hire, it nurse, and discharged her for drunkenness ;- and Ihired another, and she managed to surround her self with ,'? telegraphs," who, watching their opportunity, fobbed mc iv one week of more than I can tell you. I sent' for the police, but what could they do ? she had nothing . nbont her, and her lodging or wherebouts 1 was not easily traceable. So you must needs think mc a martyr. Now Charlie, times are getting bad, and onr rents have fallen to ten pounds -a. week. You squander five iv Sydney for' which the distinction of M.P_. and tiie Baft sawder with which yon are so plentifully primed, are, in my poor pxdg . ment. but a poor equivalent. " But something may come of it: yon are iv high favor !" Charlie, you are silly.' No man wai. in higher f&vor; than Cromwell :? no courtier's fall was more-disastrous.:. Xbok at Or. Lang. His.services should be written with a. pen of iron ou the hearts of this people; aud yet the Dondrcaty's of Ucd Tape, are pensioned off for their misdeeds, or no deeds, while this veteran patriot after a. half-century of devotion, receives not * emmb from tbe liberal and over-flowing exchequer of N.S.VT. It makes an cry to see good -men so little appreciated, and only the dullard and' the'sharper.'made much of. But Charlie, it's tbe old story : the wolf—as yet—cannot lie down with the lamb. The gulf, separating them, is too great.'. Jfy dear undo nsed to say ** A poor man cannot be honest." . And we know the bad man. wont' be honest. Nowj Charlie,;' all thcese men struggling for power are poor iv this world's' goods : they were always so, and what more natural to fallen humanity, than to snatch nt a prize. They have nothing to lose. People say of some of the minister?, if ont of otfice, that the tailors would hardly give them a suit Of clothes on credit. And think, Charlie, of the priceless interests which these equivocal sort of men have the disposal of. Tttealty makes one shudder. "Idon't undcrsUuid- Political matters 1" Is that it Charlie I Perhaps you may think I don't understand household matters either. "Would you like, clever fellow as you are, to | take my place, and try to economise with . five pounds a week,'pay butcher, aud baker,'j and servients, my draper's bill, and the long i list of etcetera* tbat help to bleed mc of these miserable live pounds T And what would you have done with' the children', and ' their colds ? - Have sent to he- sure, in your consternation, for doctor after doctor, and subjected.: the little dears to such a patlia logical crusade.; as .might have terminated iv. something 'too awful to think of. That's what yon'd have done. And then the ex penses! 'Why, Charlie, you'd have to do political penance for a month, to square the circle.— lo pay twenty shillings iv the pound, and send.the Facultyaway in peace. l?ow, *my?woman*s nostrum did it all. I cured taj children with leaves, jiist as tho French and the Algerincs .do, wheu nflicted with, colds. \- ,"Go to slee.V!" Not, Charlie, until I have aired nry grievances. I suppose you don't tike no to tell yon where the shoe pinches. I, of course, am the poor camel upon which Jrou can heap straw after straw, until at last someday; I shall have to drop down under "the superincumbent load. \- " You'll - get out of ' bed, ' unless I 'Cease!" Well, that's., coming: ?: it -very. ' strong for th 6 .honorable member for the Southerp T-rritorje-, and give mc leave to add, Charlie, most unchivalrous in one who has been -.lately receiving lessons in polite ness from the Chesterfield of the Assembly— I mean the member for the' Upper Hunter, But if I don't tike advantage of tbe season of rest to declaim againstmy disabilities and the disabilities of my sex. wh.su am I to do so 7 You are never here, -whether the House is in session or-not Ton bare" an -appoint- ' ment with this or that gent,; or you arc to attend a caucus, or something of tbat sort; but in this house or witb.this littlfe family, you arc never to be fonnd except-by the merest chance. I have Often heard m_r dtfar mother say, that the greatest Statesmen ot England were lovers of .home and of home enjoyments. She had known Sir Robert Peel, Geo. Canning, Huskisson, OlConnell, and many others in the first quarter of the century, all of whom were loving husbands, good fathers, and honourable men. .-They were cradled in virtue :. the very atmosphere* they breathed was perfumed with it, and the w hole of their after, life was helped a"nd \- sustained, by the amenities, the graces ailed the refinements which had surrounded their < early existence. (To he continued.) Sir William Jervois'and Colonial. Scrstchley have gone to Bockbampto-c John Stuckey, who was injured by the fire explosion at Gympie, has died. '.There is promise of splendid weather for the Queensland Exhibition. Tbe weather is .very dry. It is expected that cable communication between Victoria and Tasmania will soon be restored. A man named Faze committed suicide st Geeloug by banging himself. A lad, named JU'Pbellamy, haul his tbigh broken at .Newcastle, on Saturday afternoon, - whilst playing football. 