€Ije llffklist. AUNTEHODANTHE'S MISTAKE. Bessie and Miss Rhodanthe are sitting in the dining-room together. Bessie is doing nothing, unless you consider an occasional sigh employment ; but Mass itnodanthe is knitting vigorously on a long grey stocking. Who is BosBie, and who is Miss Rhodantho 1 V ery different persons, you may be sure, or this story would never havo been written. And yet, when Miss Rhodanthe Woodward was young and fair, as tradition says that she once was, she had not been so very unlike her pretty nieco- It is hard to believe it now, as you look from the parchment and angles of the eldor woman to tho blushes and dimples of the girl. Yet, if you look closely, you will see that tho soft grey oyos of the girl aro identical in shape and colour with tho cold, stooly ones of tho older woman. Tho features, too, if you traco thorn line by lino, making all due allowance for the shrinkage and hardoning of age, are lino for lino the same. When Aunt Rhodanthe's hair was dark and soft and plentiful, it must havo waved in tho same little rings and tendrils over tho same white forehead. If you doubt still, misled by tho difforenco of expression, look at this old- fashioned ivory miniature, and you will see Bessie's lovely, mischievous face, with tho dimpled smiles around the red mouth, and tho touch of pathos in the grey eyes, and the lovely curves of cheek and chin and throat. And forty years ago that was Aunt Rhodanthe, and to-day Aunt Rhodantho is a grim-faced, grey- haired, elderly woman, with nothing bright, nor fair, nor winsome about her. Eheu, fur/aces! Now and £hon Aunt Rhodantho casts sharp, inquisitive glances at the listless figure opposite to her. Once or twioe Bho opens her lips as if to speak, but snaps them together suddenly again, and the words remain unuttered. "Bessie," she says at last; and Bessie looks up with a start. "Wako up, Bessie, child," says Aunt Rhodanthe, briskly, "and tell me what ails you." A faint flush creeps over Bessie's face as she replies— "Nothing ails mo, Aunt Rhodanthe. What do you mean „o Aunt Rhodantho frowns and clicks her needles savngely for a moment. Then sho speaks again : "'Nothing' doesn't make a girl's clicoks pale nor her eyes hollow, Miss Bessie. 'Nothing' doesn't mako her sigh when sho thinks nobody hears her, nor set hor lip3 in a defiant fashion if a body asks her a civil question. You might as well tell mo all about it, for I shall find out if you don't." " There's nothing to find out, Aunt Rho danthe," Bessie says, a little drearily. " I've had rather a hard winter, that's all. I've been teaching, you know, since papa lost, his money last fall, and I'm not used to it. I supposo I am a little run down." " Ralph Uonner has nothing to do with it, I suppose?" says Aunt Rhodantho, peering suspiciously over her spoctaclos. " The girls tell mo that you havo not seon him since your father's failure." Bessie flushes a deep scarlet now, and her eyes flash. " Aunt Rhodanthe, what do you moan ?" sho exclaims. " Dr. Dormer was nothing to me, that I should care whether ho coineB or not. You havo no right to think nor say such things." Aunt Rhodanthe watches her grimly for a moment. Thon her lips relax into a smile, and sho nods her head sagely two or throe times. ' That's right, my girl. I liko your spirit. Take it that way, cover it up and tell nobody, and you'll outlive it yet. Ralph Dormer comes of a bad stock — a bad stock. I never liked him, never. Your mother was crazy to let it go so far." " But, Aunt Rhodnntho," expostulates Bessie, breathlessly, " mamma didn't lot it go : there was nothing to go. And as for ' covering up,' why, Aunt Khodantlie, what makes you say such things ? Nobody ovor said such things to mo before." " Time they did," says Aunt Rhodanthe, gravely. "Seo you peak and pine and dwindle and dwino, and never say a word to shake you back into health 1 Iron and quinine, that's what you want, mental and physical. No sugar coating nor gelatine covering — tho bitterer tho hotter. That's what you want, and that's what you'll got, for I'm going to take you homo with mo to morrow, Bessie, so you might as well go and pack up." Homo with Aunt Rhodantho to tho old homestead whore hor fathor wa3 born, but which Bessie has never seen? Well, it might havo beon worse, sho thinks. Bottor ? Ah, yes 1 it might have beon bottor onco, but never now. It might have been hotter if Ralph had not failed in his appointment that ono night — the very night that BosBio know first that hor fathor was ruined It might have boon bettor if sho had not written that short little savage note, broaking offtho engagement uttorlyand for ovor, making no explanation, only enclosing tho ring which ho had given hor only two weeks boforo, and setting him froo from his plightod word. Why had sho done it ? sho has wondorod horself somotimos; sho wonders vaguely now, as sho folds her drosses mechanically and lays them in tho trunk, smoothing out tho wrinkles carefully as sho used to do whon hor heart was in her wardrobe. Sho can hardly recall tho events and feelings of that ovoning. First her father had come homo to dinner, looking sad and grave, and had called her mothor out for a private conference. Then mamma had corao among thgm again, with tears in her oyos, and had told thorn of tho sudden failure of tho bank, by which nearly all of papa's property was lost, Thoy had all boon very quiet under tho news, had kissed mamma and cried a littlo quietly, and been vory tender and loving to papa and to each other, and that was all. Thoy had talked about what thoy should do, and somobody had said, " Bossio is all right, anyhow. Of courso sho and Ralph will bo married at onco now. I don't supposo he is tho kind to back out for this. Eh, Bossie ?" It must havo boon Fred, brother Fred, who said that. Such an idea would not havo entered the mind of ono of tho girls, or, if it had, thoy would have had too much sense to uttor it. But, of courso, Frod had blurtod it out in his hap-hazard way, and tho idea had entered poor littlo Bessie's mind and stuck thorojand rankled. And then whon Ralph, whom sho had confidently expected that evoning, did not come, and_ whon tho next day had nearly passed without bringing him, why, of courso, Fred's foolish words camo back to her. And thon — Bessio could not tell now why she did it, could not realise the storm of excitement and passion in which sho had decided that Ralph was falso and cruel, liko tho rest of tho world— sho dotermined that ho should not bo tho first to break tho bonds which had becomo irksome to him, nor should he bo bound against his will. So sho had scribbled a few cold, bitter words, and sent them off upon tho spur of the momont. Had sho repented since ? Why, what had she done but ropont, even whon his roply came, as cold and as bitter as her note, accepting his freedom and congratulating her on hor timely releaso ? They had hurt her bitterly those curt, cruel sentences, for away down at tho bottom of her heart, under all tho excitement and anger and suspicion, there had been a warm littlo nest of faith and love. She had not believed — not really believed — that Ralph would take her at her word ; but he had done it, and — "Bessio! Bessio, child!" calls Aunt Rhodanthe, " will your packing never be dono? Don't stop to dream over it. Dreams novor did any good yet. Tnko the world as it is, child, and you will soon find that there is no room in it for dreams." The sun is just setting as Bessio and Aunt Rhodanthe drive up to tho low rambling house, with its cream-white walls thickly mantled with vines. Tho sky is all ono flush of purest rose, and tho distant hills stand out hard and black against tho glow. Down from their tops Bweeps the fresh mountain wind, and Bossio's oyos grow brighter already as sho inhales it. "How lovoly it is hero, Aunt Rho dantho !" tho girl says, as sho looks around hor. " And you have lived hero all your life ?" "All my life," roplies Aunt Rhodanthe; " and that is a long time, Miss Bessio. Tho rocks and the hills are the same that they were when I was as young and bright as you — but the rest — " And Aunt Rhodantho stands still for a moment, and gazes ovor tho wide, fair landscape steeped in the tremulous golden light, and a shade of what is almost sadness steals over her hard features, while Bessie watches her wonderingly. It is only for an instant, though, and thon she turn3 again to Bessie. " See, Bessie," sho says, pointing away to where a thin thread of smoke curls up through tho trees. " It is there that Dr. White lives. He was an old friend of Ralph Dormer's father. He too, you know, was Dr. Ralph Dormer ; and it was there that 1 met him first. A bad stock, Bessie — a bad stock ; and Ralph Dormer is his father over again." " Did you know him, Aunt Rhodanthe ?" Bessio asks, wonderingly. " Know him !" says Aunt Rhodantho, as sho turns away. "JForsix montliB Ralph Dormer and I met every day. The road between tho houses was well travelled tlion. And for forty years I have not seen hi:-i face nor heard his name, until I heard it in your house. Tho path through tho woods betweon tho houses lias grown up long ago, but tho path between our hearts was grown up before that." Aunt Rhodanthe says no more, and Bessio follows hor silently into tho house. At breakfast tho next morning Aunt Rhodantho begins her threatened course of iron and quinine. "What do you intend to do with your self to-day, Bossio ?" sho asks. Tho girl looks out of the window. " I don't know," she says. " Tho days aro so long now that it is hard to fill them all up." Sho moans tho literal day, tho long bright days of July; but Aunt Rhodanthe suspects a hidden moaning and snaps her up. " ' The days aro so long now 1' and sinco whon aro thoy so long, prny ? Sinco Ralph Dormer proved himself a villain, like his fathor boforo him ?" " Aunt Rhodantho, what do you moan ?" Bossio says, desperately. " Why do you keep harping on Ralph Dormor ? And what did his father do, that it should be brought up against Ralph Dormor now ?" Miss Rhodantho hums a littlo tune and drums thoughtfully upon tho tablo for a momont before sho speaks. Thon sho says, " Never mind now, Bessie. Perhaps I'll toll you somo time, and perhaps not. It is moro to tho purpose now to fill up your day for you, Do you sing and play ? Do you sketch ?" "Yes, Aunt Rhodanthe," Bessio says, raeokly; "but just remember that I havo been daily governess all winter, and I am so sick of the things that I havo boon trying to grind into stupid children. Do lot mo havo a rest from thom." " Bessio Woodward," Miss Rhodantho says, sternly, " is there one individual thing in which you take an interest — a real vital interest, I moan — enough to mako you for got yourself and everybody else for a while ? Not ono ? I might havo known it. Who oxpocts a modern young lady to tnko a vital interest in anything but her dross and her flirtations ? Well, as you havo no interests, duties may do is well, and wo must find thom for you." Miss Rhodantho says no moro at tlu , timo, but leaves Bossio to idle away tho day as sho will. Miss Rhodantho does not idlo away hor days, as Bessio well knows. Indolonce Miss Rhodantho holds to bo tho paront of all vices and follies. To be happy, bo busy, is Miss Rhodantho's motto, and woll does sho carry it out. It tiros Bossio to watch hor at first, as, in hor high boots and broad hat, sho tramps about tho farm, directing, ovorseoing, scolding, on- cournging, as the caso may require. No wonder, thinks Bossie, that her farm is tho most productive, her house the best ordorod, her maids and workmen the most indus trious, in tho neighbourhood. No wonder that Miss Rhodantho's eyo has grown keen and hor tongue sharp in tho course of sixty years, if all of thom havo beon liko this. And yot there is a soft spot in hor heart, too, Bessio concludes, when she finds that all of Aunt Rhodantho's tramps havo not business for their solo object. Charity has its placo in her schcmo of life, and hor faco is woll known in all tho houses of tho poor in her vicinity. Gradually Bessio grows ashamed of her idlo, purposeless lifo in contrast with Miss Rhodantho's per petual energy, and it is not long before sho has begun to accompany hor aunt in her charitable expeditions. At first she is actuated only by a sense of duty, but soon sho begins to tako an intorest in Aunt Rhodanthe's pensioners for their own sakes, and by degrees sho slips into the position of solo messonger and almonor. Miss Rho dantho says nothing, but, if wo can judge from hor looks, sho is satisfied that tho moral iron and quinine havo boon found. Bossie has her favourites among Miss Rhodantho's pensioners, and her visits to tho little brown cottage tenanted by rheumatic old Hannah Lowo and hor rosy, toddling grandchild are perhaps longer and moro frequent than to the others. Sho has stayed later than usual in tho cottage on this special ovoning. Tho child is sick, and tho doctor, for whom Bossie had sent, has not yet come, and she waits to hear his decision. A stop on tho broad stono out side of the door announces his arrival. Why does Bessie start, and why does that bright flush leap up over her face at the sound ? It is not tho heavy tread of old Dr. White thnt sho hears ; but what thon ? What then ? Why, only that sho knows, when sho hoars the first tones of the new comer's voice, that neither ear nor heart has played her false. Tho step was Ralph Dormer's stop, and tho voico is Ralph Dormer's voice, and Bossie shrinks back into the farthest and darkest corner as he entors. Dr. White is tired, and has sent Ralph, who, it appears, is his guest at present, in his stead. Hannah Lowo looks at him doubtfully. Ho is too young to inspire hor with confidence, though his faco wears tho air of true professional gravity as ho bends ovor tho child, and inquires into its symp toms. Hannah Lowo appeals to Bessio, who shrinks deopor into her corner with a frightened murmur. Tho doctor can dis tinguish only a vague figure in the shadows ; but Bessio sees him clearly — sees tho frank blue oyos and the broad white forehead and the brown curling hair which she knows so well; seeB, too, an expression which is now to hor, which used not to bo upon Ralph Dormer's face — the look of one who has Buffered. But what can Ralph Dormer havo suffered ? she wonders. Ho goes at last. Tho child is not seriously ill— somo trifling childish ailment; and Bessie can leave her corner, and hurry homo through tho gathering twilight, with a strange, tight feeling about her heart, and a look in _ her oyos which leads Aunt Rhodanthe to inquiro wonderingly whether Bhe has seon a ghost. No, Bessie has seon no ghost and sho does not seriously think it worth while to say that sho has seon Ralph Dormer. Two or three days havo passod, during which Bessio has not again seon Ralph. Then, ono aftornoon, as sho is roturning homo she moots, Dr. White. Bessio is a special favourite of tho bluff, gonial old doctor's, and he turns and walks with hor now. Soon ho bogins to speak of another favourite of his, Ralph Dormor — speaks of him as Bessio hersolf might have Bpoken six months before, as Bessie has, oh 1 how often, thought of him in her own heart, thought of him in hor own heart. A noble, upright, manly young fellow, ho calls him — strong as a man and tendor as a woman. " I want to introduco him to you somo timo, Miss BeBsie," the good old doctor goes on, "but not just now. Tho poor follow is hardly up to ladies' society at presont, for ho has just had a bitter, bad blow, and it takes all his manhood to livo it down. It was a cruel, shameful thing in any woman to throw away such a heart as his, and for such a cause." Bessio gasps. Sho cannot articulate, cannot form a question amidst the con fusion in.her mind, and tho dootor goes on : " Poor follow! he started in lifo with such bright prospects, and now ho is so cruolly woightod. He had just entered upon tho practice of his profession whon all tho money which his father had left him was lost by tho bursting of the Bank. That was bad enough just when ho needed it most to givo him a fair start; but the worst was that tho girl ho was engaged to jilted him in tho most shameful manner. Tho very day after tho failure, ho received a note from her releasing him from the engagement, which, under tho changed circumstances, ho could not fail to feel a burden.' The jado might at least have had tho docobcy to wait a week or two ; but no 1 sho must do it, at ouce, and crush tho poor fellow utterly." " Who was sho ?" The words sound strangely to Bessie as thoy fall from her lip3 ; she hardly knows her own voico; but tho doctor notices nothing. " I don't know. Ho never would tell mo her name. He is tender of her even yet, littlo as sho deserves it." Tho doctor talks on, but Bessio hoars no more. Gradually, out of tho whirl in her brain, thoughts omorgo and form them selves clearly. Tho Bank ? Why, that was tho ono in which her father's money was. And so tho same blow which had crushed their fortune had crushed Ralph's hopes too, and she had never known it. That, then, was tho reason why ho had not como that evening. And sho, base, ungrateful littlo fool that sho is, has thought that Ralph was a mercenary coward. And ho — what has ho thought of hor all thoso months ? Sho romombers tho vague terms in which hor noto was couched, for ovon thon sho had not darod to for mulate hor suspicions against him. Yes, it is easy enough to boo how tho mistake had arisen ; but how can it ovor bo corrected ? All thi3 timo Balph has beon dospising hor, has beon learning to outgrow his lovo for hor, and is it lilcoly that ho would despise her loss or lovo hor moro if ho know tho truth ? And whilo Bessio thinks, the old doctor talks on, unmindful of her abstraction, until they reach tho gate, and Bessio awakens from her thoughts in timo to hoar his last words : " So I asked him to visit me liore, with a view to taking him into partnership, for I am getting too old to go Hying about tho country, liko tho Wild Huntsman, at tho call of every old woman who chooso3 to got up a midnight panic for tho benofit of 'hor family. Perhaps I havo been indis creet in telling you all that I have, Miss Bessie; but I know I can trust you with Ralph's secret." " Trust her with Ralph's secret 1" Tho words sound liko a burlosquo to Bessie, but she answors mechanically, and bids tho old doctor good-night. Aunt Rhodantho finds her standing on tho porch whore the doctor has left her. " What ails you, Bossio ?" she says. " Why don't you como in ?" " Aunt Rhodanthe," exclaims Bessio, suddenly, " I havo seen Ralph Dormer." She does not mean to speak the words, is hardly conscious of what she is saying ; but she must go on now ; and tho wholo story comes out. Aunt Rhodantho stands in tho groy twilight and listens, with a faco as cold and groy as tho ovoning sky. "Woll?" sho says, whon Bessio has finished. Thon as tho girl, uncertain of hor moan- ning, does not reply, sho ndds, " What aro you going to do about it ?" " Aunt Rhodantho, what can I do ?" cries tho girl, tremulously. " I cannot — oh 1 I cannot lot Ralph think of mo as he has boon doing, as ho must do ; and yot how can I explain aftor all this timo ? How can I bo sure that it will do any good ? Help mo, Aunt Rhodantho ; tell mo what to do." The faco of tho eldor woman does not soften at tho girl's piteous pleading. " Will you do as I toll you ?" sho asks, in a cold, hard voico. " Aunt Rhodantho, I will do anything, anything, to set right this cruel wrong." Cold and hard fall Miss Rhodanthe's words upon Bessie's ear : "There is no question of sotting right, Bessio. I know what Ralph Dormer is, by what his fathor was before him. It is a nice story, a pretty littlo fable, which ho has invented to clear his own skirts of the chargo of falsehood and treachery. ' Blood will toll,' and Ralph Dormer is hiB father's own son." "Aunt Rhodanthe!" All Bessie's old love and faith blaze up afresh at hor aunt's "words, and she cries, passionately, " It is not so, Aunt Rhodantho. You do not know Ralph; and I— oh 1 I am rightly punished for doubting him for an instant. I will not rest under, it. I will clear my self at whatever cost, and thon if he despise and spurn me, why, he must." " Listen to mo, Bessie," Aunt Rho danthe Bays. " I tell you I know what Ralph Dormer is, though I have never scon him. What I tell you now, I havo nover told to mortal oar beforo. Long ago I know Ralph Dormer's fathor only too woll. Ho was staying with his friond Dr. White, as _ Ralph is now. The families wore intimate, and wo met every day, and I thought him as good and truo and noblo as you think his Bon. We wore lovers, people said, and _ I suppose I loved him. One has such follies in youth. And then at last he asked me to marry him, asked mo by letter, and I — how absurdly happy I was 1 I remember now how bright the world looked, and how I sang as I wont about my work. Of courso I answered the letter, believing all that ho said, liko a fool that I was ; and thon — " "And then, aunty?" ropeats Bessie, timidly. " ' And then,' Bessie ?" says Auut Rho danthe, sharply. " Why, there was no ' and then.' That was all — absolutoly all. Ralph never camo, nover wrote. Tho next thing I hoard ho had loft tho country, and two years later I hoard of his marriage. I was young thon, Bessio ; and when peoplo are young, thoy suffer sharply, but beliovo mo when I toll you that thoy got ovor it. Grief does not kill but shame may. And I toll you, Bessio, that sooner than seo my niece tho laughing-stock of tho country, I will turn you out of my house. So long as you stay under my roof, I positively forbid your attempting to communicate with Ralph Dormor in any way, by word of mouth, or message, or letter." And to saying, Aunt Rhodantho turnB away, without waiting for an answor, and loaves Bossie alone in the twilight. Tho days drag themselves into weoks, and tho weeks slip away somehow, and still Ralph and Bessie never meet. Aunt Rhodantho is doubly kind to Bessio in these days ; but if the girl tries to uttor a tremulous little appoal for loavo to seo or write to Ralph, tho eldor woman's faco hardens, and Bessie dares not go on. Neither dares she disobey Aunt Rhodantho while sho is under hor roof, and even if sho did, would it bo of any use ? That, after all, is the thought that keeps her silent. Wero she but sure that Ralph's lovo for her would como back, yos, then Bhe could bravo Aunt Rhodanthe's wratb, but of this she is not, cannot bo sure, and the risk is too terrible. Bessio is in tho library ono day, turning over the old books. She is often at a loss for occupation now, for she does not dare to go about among her pensioners as sho used to do, for fear of meeting Ralph again. The books date from Aunt ltho- dantlie's youth, most of thom, and she looks at them with a languid amusement. " Clarissa Hurlowo," " TheScottish Chiefs," " Children of the Abbey," " Thaddeus of Warsaw" — did people really read such, thrill over their pages, siuilo and sigh at tho pathos and sickly sentimentality — smile and sigh, not in ridicule, as Bessie does now, but in genuine sympathy ? Sho takes up an old volume bound in time- stnined leather, and turns the leaves care lessly. " Elegant Extracts" is tho title lettered on the back, and sho laughs a little over the quaintly turned rhymes and obsolete spelling of tho old ballads and extracts. Why, what is this betweon tho i loaves ? An old letter folded in the square, primitivo style of tho days before envelopes were known, sealed with a pretty dovice of Cupids and darts — an old letter, which bears in faded ink the name of " Dr. Ralph Dormer" in Aunt Rhodantho's old-fashioned hand. Dr. Ralph Dormer; yes, that is tho name, and tho handwriting is Auut Rho danthe's : there is.no mistaking its char- actor; but what should a letter to Ralph Dormor bo doing among Auut Rhodan the's old books ? Bessio stands with tho letter in hor hand, pondering. Ralph Dormer? Why, that was tho namo of Ralph's father, too, and tho letter has never been opened, and — " Now, then, Bessio," says Aunt Rho dantho, opening tho door briskly, " moon ing again, as usual? Whon will you learn, child, that moping and brooding nover did any good yet ?" "Aunt Rhodanthe," interrupts Bessio, unheeding hor words, " will you look at this letter that I have found ?" Miss Rhodantho takes tho letter from her hand and looks at it, turning it over and over with a vague, uncomprehending expression. Gradually a light breaks upon her mind. Tho mists of forty years roll away, and sho sees hersolf again a bright, light-hearted girl. The old library is still before her eyes, but instead of Bessie, a curly-headed boy (who is Bessie's father now) crouches over a book, tho same which Bossio holds to-day. Tho boy's eyes brighten and his cheeks flush over the old ballad of " Chevy Chase," and ho looks up impatiently at his sister's voice. "What is it, lthoda?" ho says, and carelessly takes tho letter which she hands him. " Tako it over at onco, Fred," sho says. But tho boy reads on, and forgots all about tho commission boforo sho has loft tho room. Forty years ago 1 And for forty yoars she has been cherishing rancour aud malice and hatred in hor heart — for forty years — whilo tho old letter, that nover reached hor lover, lay quietly botween tho leaves of tho old book 1 Ralph had gono to his gruvo long ago believing her false and heartless and cruel. Tho wrong can never bo sot right now ; and oh 1 tho wasted years and tho wasted love and youth and hope 1 Not a word says Miss Rhodantho, as sho muso3 , but Bessie, watching her aunt's faco seos two slow tears roll down tho withored cheeks. "What is it, Aunt Rhodantho?" Bossio asks, timidly. But Aunt Rhodantho does not answer. Sho only gooa slowly out of tho room with tho letter still in her hand, and that strange, soft look upon her faco which for forty years it has not worn boforo. So it was only a mistake, after all — a cruel, fatal mistake ; but at last, aftor all those years, sho knows that Ralph Dormor loved her, and that ho was not tho villain which sho has so often called him. Her world is upsot by tho knowledge, you boo. All that sho has held most firmly, hor anger her hatred, her bitterness, aro slipping from her grasp. And if Ralph Dormer wero not a villain, what of Ralph Dormer's son ? ller premises being overturned, her theory falls to tho ground. The mistake of forty years ago can novor bo sot right now ; but tho mistake of to-day must, at least, be rectified. And so Aunt Rhodanthe, prompt in all things, writes hor letter, and despatches it, as she did tho other ono, to "Dr. Ralph Dormer." This letter, how ever, does not fail in reaching its desti nation, for, just as Aunt Rhodantho is saying to Bessio, "I havo written to Ralph Dormer, and I think that he will be hero in tho course of tho day," a step is hoard in tho hall — a Btep which' sends tho bright blood flushing up to Bessie's forehead. Miss Rhodantho disappears, and Bessio goes shyly forward to meet Ralph, but finds herself caught up unceremoniously in two strong .arms, whilo a voico whispers, " Can you forgivo me, Bessio, for all the hard things I have thought of you, and for all I havo made you Buffor ?" It is turning tho tables with a vengeance, for Bossie has thought that sho was tho ono to ask for forgiveness ; but sho accepts the situation with a good grace, understanding that Aunt Rhodantho's explanation has been ample enough to spare hor tho pain of confession. ' "As far as I understand it, noither of you has much causo to prido yourself on your behaviour in tho matter," Aunt Rho dantho says, afterward. " Hero havo you both been thinking exactly tho samo things of each other, and making idiots of your selves for months, when a dozen words would havo sot tho wholo thing straight. There arc times in lifo when silence' is anything but golden.' I supposo I am hardly the ono to reproach you for it, though," says Aunt Rhodantho, with a half sigh, as sho thinks of tho fortv voars which lio behind hor. Dr. White is gathered to his fathers now, and his partner, Dr. Dormer, reigns in his steady Dr. Dormer's wife will never shrivel and fade into tho likeness of Auut Rhodan tho ; for tho light of happiness which went out so early for theoldor woman, still shines brightly over Bessio Dormer's lifo, and is softly mellowing her to a ripo and fair maturity. When Bessie is sixty, you will find it ovon harder than you do now to believe that Bessie in youth, as far as looks went, was simply Miss Rhodantho over again. 