The Chronicle. ¶ TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 1877. ATTEMPTS of a feeble kind are being made to revive the spiritualist craze again in Melbourne. The great travel- ling oracle of the now-exploded faith is "on hand'" once more, and the opera house has been engaged for the purpose of giving MR. PEEBLES the opportunity of venu?atii g ti:s Anmerican "'wotions" in the shape of Sunda evenlling lectures. We are heartily glad to hear, on the vert' it inthority, that this fresh cx perani?,t on public credulity has proved a complcete breakdown. Although the admni-. inn is f:ee to lthe Jourke street louglluýer,, i:e audiences are not numerous, and itnr artiC the very reverse of enthusi astic. i I laet, su (complete was the failure of the first lecture on the old story of the table-tapping spirits, that Yankee " beer of the Ages" had to be rake himself, in order to get up a little popular excitement, to the resource of crying up the religiont of the pagan Hindoos, auddecrying the divine system o" Christianity. But it would not do, The game was up. The audiences would not and did not respond with either cheers or halfpence. So, a ionve was made to humbler quarters at the Tem perance Hall, and the Spiritualist apostle came forth to address a very limited audience on the subject of his personal travels in Central America. Not above a score or two of the Seer's admirers cared to pay so modest a fee as sixpence to hear him descant on the wonders of Mexico and Yucatan. Taken all round, then, the present missionary visit of SIR. PEEBLES is a lamentable fiasco. People have had enough of him and his dismal gospel. It is well for the seer and his few disciples that Melbourne is not London, or else there might be some danger of police inter vention-with consequences-as in the case of the convicted impostors, Dii. SLADE and his brethren. The shallowness of the imposture in this case is shown by the single circum stance, that after years of experi mentalising with tapping-tables and "inspired mediums," after journeying round the globe, and meeting every where, as he alleges, with multitudes of believers in spiritism, this travelling apostle had not a single fact to set be fore the public of Melbourne, nor a single argument to adduce in support of the defuinct superstition he preaches. He did not dare to al!ege in his open ing lecture, that lie had either the one or the other to produce. The spirits have given no sign, after all ! They have not uttered one word of a revelation from their own sphere of being, nor revealed one secret of the unknown universe, nor made known a single unknown truth in science or philosophy., All their wonderful initervention ends only in the unintelligible mumblings of grossly ignorant mediums (so called), in move ments of tables (caused by real human hands),-and in blank iimp6sture of the Da. SLaDE kind, or of that other rogue and vagabond who wria found guilty at home of passing offl dutnmiiy figures as real supernatural ghosts. This is the final outcome of the P EELES creed. Tifs is what such mean and nmercenary charlatanism must always end in. Ai to the attempt to eke out the deficiencies of the Spiritist gospel by lecitures in praise of Buddliism and descriptive of Central America, a few words are all thalnt are needed to dispose of that fresh form of imposition on public iutelli gt me. In the first place, 3,a. PEE.LES is110 lec~urer at all. IHecis grossly illiterate. andl unacnquainted with the English language. Of luddhlisnm, he knows simiply nilotllhing a all, cexcpt what .craps of incorrect informnation lie may have picked up aIt second hand fromn books. Of Central Americna, lie knows still less, although lie was there in person: for rightly to de.cibe that conuitry requires the talents of a STE" PeuSs or a CATHEmRiooD, compared with whom MIn. r. J. .PaELtEs is, as a pigmny to a giant, in intelletual stature. IT is soinetimles a disadvanitage for a jotirnalist to be placed in a position ini which hle cannot reply to an adversary wilthout a loss of dignify. If lie attlempts this, no niatler how mildly or gentlemanly, lie is sure to be misrepre sented, he will probably he ablhsed, instead of argued with, and lie must always c lcon late unpon the imputation of tihe most unworthy motives. That was the posi. tion in which The Argus was plaiced last week by the comlments of 'The Age upon one of the ablest articles which has ever appeared in the columns of that journal, and which was deserving of very differ- in ent treatment. However conscious The hai Argfus may have been of the soundness pei of its position with regard to the pro- toi poed imposition of a penal land tax, pr< our 'contemporary could make no reply cie to The Age's assault upon that position, 18 without running the risk of being 15 dragged himself, and of having his lar friends dragged, through a perfect deluge th, of personal invective. Our contempo im rary has, therefore; acted Visely in so abstaining from any reply to the coin- we ments on the article in question, as also from any notice of the jibes and sneers at it, but others are under no obliga- pa tion to act in a similar manner, by and we, therefore, reproduce from that TI article what appears to us to be most a deserving of attentive consideration, th The great object of our coutem- G< porary was to show in what the el right of property iin all civilised coin- to innnities consists,; 'id low unreasonable o0 it is to insist upon the iniposition of a penal land tax, either on Sir Charles th Gavan Dutfly's plea, that lndl is ' "bought subject to the original and inextinguishable lien of the coumiiiity,': t or on that of John Stuart Mill, that the t "unearned incremel.t" in the value of hlnd is a fair subject of taxation. In " answer to the former of these ito pleas, c I our contemporary shibmits: first, that Sir Charles Gavan Duffy's idea of an original and inextinguishabled lien'' on land is a pure myth. the creation of Sii 1 Charles's niot over-brilliant imagination: I secondly, that, undertheRomar sys-tem of I jurisprudence, probablythe most scientific f r and complete the world has ever seen, r "no officer was allowed to sue or fmolest a purchaser of the demesne after it had d been fairly assigned to him, and lie had paid the purchase money for it " and, L thirdly, that, as had been Well reiharked by one of the most e'iinent of the t French ecoloomists, it was simply ; Svisionary to talk about forcing the cul tivation of land by imtposing a tax upon Sit, or by any other legislative measure. s By asking the following question, Bas tiat had put an extinguisher on all solemn nonsense of that kind :-" Since - it has required six thousand years to t brihg a tenth part of the earth to the sorry state of cultivation in which we find it, how many hundred of ages must Selapse before its entire surface shall be converted into a garden ?" In spite of s the earnestnes, therefore, w·ith which this plea for the imposition of a penal e land tax is urged, on the ground of land being " bought subject to the a original and inextiinguishable lien of the connmmunity," there is not, our con Stemporary concludes, one solid or satis factory argument to be brought forward d in its favor. g With reference to the latter of the t two pleas for the imposition of a penal S land tax--namely, that based on John SStuart Mill's assumption that the " unearned increment" of land is a fair Id subject for taxation-our contemporary at first draws attention, in his answer to e- this, to the fundamental error of con le founding utility with value, in regard to of land, and then remarks :-" The records n of the Victorian Racing Club, the mn receipts of our principtil theatres, the returns of large hotel-keepers, the pro id fits of many persons in business, and the incomes of some of our leading as physicians, would all show an ' unearned incremulrI,' in consequence of railway s extension, anld the cheaper and more rv expeditionus communication which has s been opeied up between the provinces and the capital, but we have never heard u's this urged as a reason for increasing tile e fiscal burdens of the persons thus beue e fitted. And it is difficult to understand en what justifiration can be alleged for Imakin I land an exception in this I respect, or f,r imposing any specially of oppressive imposts upon a description mll of property which possesses no value at except that which has been conferred re upon it by capital and labor." There r- can, in fact, be no justification for any e such allegations. They are all founded in the rankest injustice, and should be generally discountenanced. -If land is in to be taxed, let it be dealt with as every other deccription of property, taxed on ri_ fair and equitable principles, not other Swise. On no principle of equity or honor would the State be justified in confiscating what it has once sold, or in y endeavoring to oppress any into whose possession it has fallen. e aA WRITER ill the Daily Telegraph of of Frilday last takes up the question of the s. decline in the price of wool at the open n- ing sales inl London this year, and dis ae cusses it with much ability. He its first calls attention to the number of ye bales offered at the opening sales this m year, as having probably contributed to td this decline, and next to the reduction or in tile value of the' flannel and other in woollen exports from England during r tile orevious year as having lhad still he more to do with it. It is notsaid how ly many bales were offered, compared with 'e- those at tile opening sales of the pre an vions year, but it is said that 350,000 he bales will be offered at thle next sales, ue and that the River Plate is coming to at the front in such an extraordinary man as ner, that this year's production of wool ie bids fair to double the 10 per cent. in d. crease of last year. The average value ry of a bale of wool in 1869 was £15 15s; is in 1872, it lhad risen to £26 10s, the ies highest it ever reached; in 1876, its in averagP. value was only £18 l5s ; and of that is abbut its value now, although all worth £21, it is said, at the opening sh sales of 1877. This fluctuation in the li- price 6f wool is very noticeable, espe cially when viewed in connexion with the no value of flannel and the otlhr woollen te. exports of the United Kingdom for tlhe sh same period, the decrease in the value nf Ws these, according to the trade returns just lat received, being very large on every de l scriptionl of goods, against an increase "" III 11e impIort.01 WOOl. OuIc Deoellg Ile wS state of things, we have two facts to face: in first, the steady increase in the quantity iat of wool produced, and for which a market 'E must be found, and the steady decrease. ith in the out-trli of woollen goods at the D' British rnanuflactories, as shown by their exports: and it would be useless, and worse than useless, to attempt to dis a guise, o'overlook their significance, il either social adl political. With iry such facts as these before us, we see to lie whatextent the prosperity of the coumry. or during the last few years, is to be attri re- binted to the pastoral inlterest, and ad whence the ionicey for the imptrovements :n- on the estates of the large holders, and )st the iicrease in their value, has been si. derired. Not, as is too of.en asertc d, ist from railway extension, a'nl other facilities on for internal conimunication, except to a rer ver v linmitel ext.-nt, but from an increase in al, the price of wool. That, with the increase in the plice of other pastoral products, I has contributed more largely to the proe- dis perity of the colony, than all else put Jar together. Again, we see the folly of bet proposing to crush men, who were re cieving £26 lOs for a bale of wool in ini 1872, and are now reciceing only £18 do 15s for it, by a progressiVy and pehal nies land-tax. That wohld si'mply be to kill eig the goose ithi the..golden egg. Only impose such a tax, and one of the main mi sources of the prosperity of the colony 26 would be at once dried up. wi pa It was stated in one of yesterday's morning 11 papers, on the strengh of a rumor supplied is by a Geelong correspondent, that Mr. ti Thomas Shaw was about to offer himself as pl a candidate in the Ministerial interest to the electors of Ueelohg, and that he iiv-s in C( Geelong on Saturday, f'elnA the pulse of the A electors. the facts of the case, we believe, n to be these, that Mr. Shaw was in Geelong in on Friday, on his way to Camperdown next si day, and that he was pressed by many of si the electors to allow himself to be put in F nomination in opposition to one or otherof the " stonewall" candidates, and that he took ii time to consider the request. We may also state, with perfect coufidence, in addition to f this, that Mr. Shaw would, wvu believe, be willing to nppeýir against any "stonewall', candidate in any district, where there was the slighest chauae of success, and wouldt take the risk of being beateu. At present 1 the candidates for Geelong are--Mesers. Berry, Kernot, and Johnstone, opposition; Mr. Garratt, ministerial; and Mr. A. d Rutherford, independent; so that there is plenty of room for MIr. Shaw to take the c field, if at all disposed , lls sole object in b retiring from the field in Ripon and Ramp- 3 den was, ttat he did not wish the issue to be 0 d doubtful, and, as theother fr?e trader showed f d no dispositidd to retire; whatever the issue, 1, he determined to do so himself. d We give in another column an account of Ce the way in which the circular of the St. y Arnaud Shire Council was dealt with by the 1- Shire Councils of Hampden, Corio, and I n Warruambool during the past week. Sub e. stantially, the proposal of the St. Arnaud s- Shire Council, is to deal with the roads of the 11 colony in the same way as was proposed in :e a petition presented to the Assembly at to the close of the last session of parliament, ic which always appeared to us to be a very rea. ýe sonable one. This proposal was, however, re st jected, by the Shire Coducil of Hamipden at be its meeting on Wednesday last by the casting of rote of the chairman, principally on the plea :l that no further legislation on the subject is al needed. Inthis respect,the coursethen taken is of justtheopposite of that takeuby theCorio and lie \arrnambool Shire Councils, and so it will be, of webelieve, of a majority of the other Councils At any rate, for the sake of peace and good Swill, not overlooking, at the same time, the r justice and reasonableness of the case, we hope so. Me a r. Peter !M'Arthur, of Meningoort, is 11 about to erect a boiling-down establishment near his wool-shed in that neighborhood, ie not for operating on diseased, but old sheep, ir which, it is presu med, will be more profitable u than selling them. Not many publications back we alluded: to the parrot pest at Hamilton and in other \- places. There, it was said, no means could to be devised for putting a stop to the depreda ds tions of the blue mountain, rosella, or other le parrots then infesting those neighborhcods. he camperdown was visited about the same ro- time, and is still visited to some extent by id these pests, and the same complaints were ng heard, and are still heard, of their depreda ed tiois in the fruit gardens. But Mir. Charl ay ton, is well-known gardener and fruit re grover in Camperdown, assures us that he las found no difficulty in protecting his garden Jes against these depredators by one of the Lrd simlplest an. commonest of contrivances for :le striking terror iinto the feathered tribe. He- e constructed a few mills, w-hich went nd round with the least breath of wind, and for stuck themu up among his fruit trees, with his out taking any further notice of them. The consequence was, that the fruit in his on garden was left untouched, whilst that in e his neighbors' gardens was completely de ed voured. If the marauders can be kept at a distance by such a process as this, those re having any fruit left, apples and pears, to ld wit, should surely have recourse to it. be Various signs, says "Atticus" in the is Leader, in the political horizon, portend an early termination of the system of payment of members. It commenced on the 25th of o April, 1871, and, after a six years' experience, r politicians on both sides of tie House are Stestifying to its utter failure. Ereu Sir 0. SG. Duffy, who was in reality the Parlia mn entary sponsor of the Reimbursement of )se Members Act, freely admits that the measure, which he took so much trouble to initiate, has~by no means answered his expec of tations. It is a noteworthy fact that only one member of the Assembly, Mr. Higin \- botham, declined to draw the money. In is- the Council, Mr. Bear has not received any Ssince the renewal of the act in 1874, nor Sir of Charles Sladen since his election in August his last. Messrs. MacBain and Spenseley took to care to pocket their screws during thei leaves of absence from the colony, and Messrs. Michie, Graham, and Fraser, of the Council, did not forget to do likewise. The ng only members of Parliament who disdained ill to bill the Treasiury for back pay whilst O away we.e Mrs Bear, a present, and MI' itl M 3'Kellar, an ex-member of the Legislative e- Council. There is a good round sum accru 00 inlg to the Hen. N. Fitzgerald, who has just CS, returned from his European starring excur to sions, but whether he intends figuring as a u- " claimant" this deponent knoweth not. The fourth annual sale of Mlr. Thomas 1- Bath's long-wooled sheep by Messrs M'Leod tue and Kelly will be held at Ceres, near Lear >s month, on Tliursday next, April the 12th. he The sale will commence at one o'clock on its that day, as advertised in our columns, and ud catalogues of the sale hive. we understand, gh been pretty generaily distributed. They Ui consist of Lincoln ewes, Leicester ew.'s, and tIe ipure Lincoln rams, all the Lincolus being of pe- Mr. Bath's own breeding. tie The Shire Secretary reported at the lasIt len meeting of the Council with regard to the tie instrhctions given to the town herdsmeu to o f have thepigs and geese removred fr>m the com_ ust umons, that he hal inquired into the law of le- the case, and found th:at there was no other ISe way of dealing with the latter of these ce: under the provisions of the "Pound Act," ity and if the Council thought it necessary, he ket would instruct the l.erdsmen to that effect. Ise. No instructions, were, we believe, given on he1 that occasion, but supposing it to be do:e, eir what is to become of the pigs and goats, l which are by far greater uuisauces, and is- w'hich the owners might surely be nude to c. keep from trespassiig on their neigihbunrs' itl and, and in their neighbors' gardens? to Things are just a shade better in this respect r. in Camperdown than before Mr. ranmilton I was appointed town herdsman. They would id admit of further improvement, however, and its we hope this notice dill lead to something of the kind. It is sadly wanted. Tenders for the following railway works etll have been accepted, andt contracts for that P, purpose have been entered into by the per ties sons whose names are attached :-For the o erection of passenger stations at Winchelsea. i" and Birregurra, ,am King ; and for the Cii erection of goods shdls' at Colac, W. II. asec Smith. M1r, Dugan, inspeutor of stock, has been El dismissed, and the appointment of Mr. James Malone, as distributor of stamps, has beet cancelled. The iusual auarterly meeting of the com- REr inittee of the Mechatnics' Instithte; Camper. dos'n. will be held at the institute en Wed nesday evening next, April the 11th, at eight o'clock. The last day for issuing ordinary sum. monses for the County Court, will be the of 26th of April, and the last day for service far will be the 30th. For enteringa defence, or Mc paying into court, the last day will be the its llth of May. Special stininoirses to be thl issued anid served thirty clear days before be the sitting of the court, which Will take po place on the 18th of May. be An elettoral ke`'isibh coirt will be held at th Co ac, on 1Yednesday, the 18th day of p A pril, for the purpose of revising the supple. mentary lists of persons entitled to vote for th members of the Legislative Council, and a di special court of petty sessions for the revi- mi siou, of the jury lists for the district, on th Friday, 20th of April. As regards notices of applications for lice:s:s,, leases, and grants of land, in these, Frid..: ; Gazette, Wert a blank. ar Tenders are invited in Friday's Gazette for the occupation of a long list of grazing Ia nds, principally remnants of forfeited runs in different districts, and the tenders must be sent to the land office not later than noon of Tuesday, the 24th of April, Births in Melbourne and the suburban ct districts for the week ending the 31st of T March, 1577, 151 i deaths, 8$. This is an unusually it'vorable report. 31 We have received from the publishers Messrs. J. and A. McKinlay; the sixth num- of the MELBOURNE REVIEW, of which the following is the table of contents :- On Property in Land, by Professor Pearson; On Biblical Inspiration, by r the Rev. H. A. Wollaston; On the Tem. perature of Acute Disease, by Dr. Balls. e Headley; On Phases of London Life, No. 1, by the Hon. A. M ic hie; On the Origin of Language, Anonymous; The Incidence d of Taxation, and Expenditure of Public Money, by R. Savage; and Should not the Melbourne University be Removed, by t Professor Strong; with some smaller pieces. Of one or two of these papers, we shall take an early notice. The Australasian Sketcher is embellished this mouth with illustrations of Casting Cylinder Piers at the Fulton Foundry, of the interior of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church St. Kilda, of the Volunteer Encampment at Sunbury, of the Melbourne Regatta from the Umpire's Boat, of the Rustic Bridge at the Melbourne Botanic Gardens, and of Kangaroos in danger. There are also other illustrations of more or less local interest in the present number. But the best of all, to our minds, is the portrait of the late Archbishop Polding. Th s is capitally executed, and it does the artist great credit. It will bear looking at again and again, and is worth more than the price of the whole number. The Australian Journal makes its welcome appearance this month to that class of read ers who delight in gdud stories, with which P' it is, as usual, full. In the poetical line, le " Thens Snalies," by " Billy O'blique'" is not bad. It will raise a laugh, if it does no more, er W\e have received the first number of the d Warrnambool Guardian, which makes the third bi-.weekly paper now in that thriv a- ing township. On the gastronomic er principle one shoclder of mutton making Is. room for another, our iVarruambool friends se will, we trust, give our new contemporary a by cordial welcome. There is room for all. !re A very distressing accident and norrow . escape from drowning in a hole, is recorded 1- by the DUnolly Elire·es of Thursday last. it It seems that on Shiuday week, about 2 o'clock, as a son of Mr. Parker was crossing he the Old Lead, nearly opposite his father's en residence, he somehow fell into one of the old he shafts, in which there was a good depth of or water, and although close to Broadlway his cries for help were not heard till nearly 5 e p.m., when a lad named Hill caught the ut sound of the drowning boy's voice, and found ud out the hole whence it came. Here the ih- little fellow was hanging on to a projecting he root, waiting for that deliverance which now was speedily rendered, and he was lifted to the surface, his legs quite benumbed, and Shis strength almost exhausted. He was at le- once taken !home and cared fora A tcrrible cmmnotion was oc:asioned in a se railway carriage on Tuesday last by a to drunken man on the way to Beaufort. Ac cord:ng to the B'!llorat L-nini Post, the individual starte with a hottle of t hiskey, he a.d as the train lproccdcd hlie became mto:e an under the infi?ence of the spirit till he he Scamle raving iald. and pretty sos: there was of a tight in the carriage, is which the whiskey bibbler held hi; own. Eventuaily several of :e, the p:scsngcrs thlrew themselves on the re mtan:t. alnd suc:eeded, after some ditli 0\. culty, in tying the fellow up. lie was ia- handel over to the police at Beaufort, who of kept him locked up for the night, and al lowed him to continue his journey to Sta well in the morning. The large importation of A merican fresh meatinto G(reat Britain seems to have created I' a revolution in the meat markets there. n- Although the trade must yet be considered In in its infancy, it is stated that the weekly ay importation into Liverpool alone averages S300,000 ii, and at the cattle market in that city on the 29th January there was almost ast a comptlete stop to business, even at a reduc ok tion of 30s per head. The effect of thcse iei largetransatlanticimports has been amost wel nd cote one to the general communit)y, nasely, he a reduc'in, in thle price of meat varpitg fr.nm ¼ to 2d in the pound, and it is believed he that the slaxinlum redaction wiil vtry soul ed become gineral. The Amuerican Fresh Beef st Companuy has established and is still estab S lishing shops it the principal towns, and Shas achieved a succees which is stated to be even beyond its most sanguine expectations. n- The public buy the meat readily, finding it tst quite equal to that grown at hime, anil r- having the desirable adv-antage of chealpune:s. sa Tie meat pseserved by the cool-dry air process is tilhe favourite article, that which is preserved by freezing being less esteemed, as as it is found whens cooked to have lost its A flavor, and retailers tind it profitable to ad vertise "primue non-frozen American fresh h meat." This is a fact of much siguiticance to those interested in the process patented on by MIr. Mort, of Sydney; but as the success ad or otherwise of that experiment will be S kInownu soon, it is unadvisable to speculate upon it just anow. It is to be hoped that ey the project will succeed, for a largeo amount td of money has been subscribed to give it the of fair trial itis about to have; but if its suc cess is not complete there shouldt then be a t a trial made with Australian meat of the Lool-dtry air process, which has already ie proved so successful with the American to artic!c. For although America possesses the m. great advantage of being much nearer to the of British market, there cast be no doubt, ter when we con.ider thie high estinmatiti in which Australian tinned meats are held in sC the mnarkess sf Europe, that this country Swoun 1101(1 its own lu ttle competitior, andl s," ecure a pro?itable outlet for the immense hi surplusuage of beef and mutton which t Australia is capable of producing, on The Central Board of Health ha: issued a circular to the various local boards of health e irl reference to steps to be taken tosecure ts. good water in country places. The cilcular ad is to the following effct :-Finding in many to pa.ts of the country the dome.tic water rs' stupply, especial;y when obtained from Swater-holesor creeks vwhich areoily occasion S ally running, stands much in need of puriti act cation, we deem it desirable to place within oil the hauds of the local hoards of health plans lid of a filtering and pftrifying apparatus, which ld can be readily and inexpensively con strncted." One of the plans represents a ng cask filled with muddy water, allowed to Srun ,ff into a barrel or bag containing hone -ks charcoal, and. flue gravel or quartz tailinvs, iat fr m which it is drawn off purified ; and the er- other represents a wooden tank containing lie a box tilled with bone charcoal, through .ea. whichl the water must percolate on its way he to the tap. It is also stated on the plans, I. Ithat, for muddy water, from two to jive grains of slam may he used. 