THE ESSAYIST. ENTHUSIASTIC MEN. ' Kvrty great and commanding movement m tbe world ie the iridmpb of enthvsiasm.'— EMEJifiON. Emerson is himself an enthusiast, and loves the quality of his own nature ; but some of his readers — if he has any readers who are untouched by the same inspiration— may hesitate to accept and endorse his dictum. Others -will stoutly maintain that in the above sentence he has only spoken words of truth sod soberness. And yet there is no hiding the fact tbat numbers of nard-neaaea, nara- working, clever ptcple think and speak with unconcealed pity or contempt for enthusiasts. Why this difference of opinion r Is it because enthusiasm is intrinsically a quality hard to be understood, and of questionable utility ? Or is it because in the looseness of language tie w«rd carries widely different meanings to different men? We take the latter alternative. It is the fate ?f many words denoting mental qualities to be used in a bad as well as a good sense. Enthusiasm, in the conceptions of some people, means a mischievouB impulsiveness that deserves all the contemptuous indignation which is hurled at it. There are men in society who are the creatures of fhort-li' ed inspirations. They are full of schemes, smbitirns, purposes, aims ; but they work nothing out ; ikiy have no 'staying power;' when the novelty oi ihe thing wears off, their interest in it flags; and so they are always hard at work, and yet are perpetu ally deserting one thing for another. ' Society very t con brands a man it he has not got a perseverance as w ell as sn earnestness about him. Society very soon puts its mark upon a man whs lodges in a succession of Utopias, the unwearied but objectless builder who -never roofs his house, either because he was unable to finish, or because some more brilliant speculation dazzled the builder's brain. The world has got so matter-of-fact nowr that it jostles such a ?-niuB off the footpath.' It will not be disputed that men of this clsss are a disagreeable element in a conrmunity, because they often involve others in their fruitless plans. No wonder that when they become thoroughly known men care to have very little inter course with them. But enthusiasm is one of the noblest qualities, and is utterly misconceived when it is understood to mean a mischievous impulsiveness. It is really the heat, the ardour, the fervour of a gifted mind. ' It is the instinct of the energetic nature, never wholly divetted of a rude nobility, and never wholly destitute of influence upon the lives and charac ters of others.' It is that quality in a man which kindles his powers into white heat before some difficult but worthy object to be gained^ or in front of some suffering to be under gone. It braces a man, gives him thorough command of himself, and nerves him for his duty. When the old ©reeks saw a man who was never so truly himself as w hen he was placed in great peril or difficulty, they said the gods breathed into him ; and hence our word enthusiasm. An enthusiast simply means one into whom the gods hare breathed. So Homer, when Achilles Tesolves to return to the battle and avenge the death of his beloved Fatroclus, makes Jove send the 'blue-eyed maid,' Minerva, to the hero ; and no sooner has she ' poured divine ambrosia in his breast ' than he dresses his limbs in ** An s which the father of the fire bestowed, For* ed on th' eternal anvil of the gods.' And then, strengthened by Minerva's gift, ?' Tbe chief beholds himself with wondering eyes, His arms he poises, and his motions tries ; Euoyed by some inward force, he seems to swim, And feels a pinion lifting every limb. And now be shakes his great paternal spear, Ponderous and huge ! which not a Greek could rear : From Felion's cloudy top an ash entire O.d Chiron fell'd. and sh&p;'d it for his sire— A spear which 6tcrn Achilles only wields, The death of heroes, and the dread of fields.' 'We have discarded the direct interposition of the gods ; but we recognize the fact that some natures are capable of being kindled, and that when they are fired they are able to do things which are impossible to their duller neighbours. It is the enthusiast only who can lift Achilles' speaT. He becomes inspired, not by the gods, but by liis purpose. It is a sign of true enthusiasm that it does not quickly die away. The sun has been blazing away for ages, and there is no diminution of his lire ; and the enthusiasm of a nobly-gilttd mind is not a mere transitory flash. *? When I take the humour of a thing once,' said one of the sturdiest of English dramatists, ' I am like your tailor's needle— I go through.' The man who rushes off at express speed, but presently vackens his pace, falters, hesitates, halts, gets cold on his purpose, and finally abandons it altogether, is only the miserable counterfeit of an enthusiast. Applying the test of utility to enthusiasm, we may say that many a man owes the success of his life to thisqualityofhi nature. Twomenwhohavebeen reared together, who have been about equally dowered by nature (except in one point), who have had the same education, make their start in life with apparently equal advantages. But the one is enthusiastic and the other is not. The former fashions his purpose on the anvil of his own thoughts until his nature glows with it, and then he goes forth to achieve it. Hib whole being is heated with hiE aim. It domi nates him, and harnesses to itself every faculty lie has. It constrains, impels, directs him. Irom step to step he struggles on towards his aim, displaying a patient energy that levels all difficulties of mere labour — a resistless force of will that conquers all the phantoa.s and realities of oppo sition — and a healthy hopefulness that renders him proof against the misery and weakness of depression. Siia enthusiasm inspires all that is best in him — his intelligence, his courage, his patience, his enterprise. He succeeds in the world. Year by year the sphere of his life w idens and brightens— better things invite his effort, richer rewards crown his endeavour. But the other man is cold, cautious, passionless, distrust ful. The very ghost of a risk frightens him. He may have as good an appetite for success as his friend, but lie will never venture Possibilities have no charm for , him : the earnest, eager battle of 1 fe into which his friend has plunged only terrifies him ; he sits shivering on the bank of a stream, while the other man fords it, tnd reaps the benefits of the other side. And as the years roll past, these two persons diverge mors and more widely : the one wins honour and wealth — wins the world ; the other is fortunate if he keeps the level on which liis parents or guardians first placed him. Enthusiasm wants a noble purpose, and a noble purpose wants enthusiasm. Even granting that someiraes this quality overreaches its mark in its exuberance, it may be that the Indian was right 'when he said, ' I don't know about having too much of it ; hut 1 think it is better the p t should boil over than n^t boil at all.' History is full of ex amples showing how the success of individual live6 is the fruit of enthusiasm. The stiry is told, for in stance, of how the artist Correggio, when youn^, saw a painting by the great Raphael. The boy gazed long and ardently upon the picture. His soul drank in its beauty, as flowers drink moisture from the mist. Then and there he wakei to the consciousness of artistic power : and burning with the enthusiasm of enkindled genius, the bio id rushed to his brow, and the fire flashed from his eyes, as he cried. ' I also am a painter !' That conviction carried him through his initial studies ; blended the colours cn his palette ; guided his pencil ; shone on his canvas — until oneday, the master, Titian, on witnessing hia work, exclaimed, '-Were I not Titian, I would wish to he Correggio !' But the brightest t'iumphs of enthusiasm are not those which enrich individual men with wealth, honour, or learning, but those which conter great benefits on society. Most social improvements and political reforms and advanres are the result of the enthusiasm of those who have been the principal agents in their accomplishment. Statesmen and philanthropists need to be enthusiasts. If a man wishes to write some noble principle in the Btatute Book, or blot out something which is a disgrace to it, he must needs address himself to his task enthusiastically. The men who, after a long sustained contest, eventually carried the abolition of slavery through the British Parliament were enthu siasts. Patiently did they 'On occasion's forelock watchful wait,' till their will was done and their wish was gratified* Such men as Huxley and Tyndall are enthusiasts in science, as Gladstone is an enthusiast in politics, and as Howard was an enthusiast in philanthropy. Among ourselves, the citizens who have set themselves to have the waters of Sydney harbour and the air of Sydney city purified, so that they shall minister life rather than death to the inhabitants, have an hercu lean task before them, which will never be conquered without the aid of enthusiasm. Given an enthusiastic man — the rule is, he will inspire others. ' Nothing,' says Bulwer Lytton, 'is so contagious as enthusiasm ; it is the real allegory of the tale of Orpheus : it moves stones]; it charms brutes. It is the genius of sincerity, and truth accomplishes no victories without it.' Men who have this power, which, as Dr. Chalmers says, ?* flourishes in adversity and kindles in the hour of danger,' are rarely gifted, and are able to make noble enterprises succeed which otherwise would inevitably fail. LOCUTOR. 