'C; ^GERMANY.. .'. r t ' BEMGldTTS HBEBTZ IK PRUSSIA. i t5- The following list will give some idea of 'Tl-hbW they manage things in Pruesia. The '/'- record will stand afc the wrong side of the account when Prussia cornea 'io square up. ? '.- 'In Prussia the six following Bishops !: have been deponed by the Government : — The Archbishops of Gneaen^Posen end '. ' Cologne, the Prince-Bishop of Breslau, the xSianops or jraaorDorn ana ivxunscer, ana cue Auxiliary Bi3hop of Posen. _The proceed ? ings against the Bishop of ijimburg, and Bishop Eamzanowski are still going on. ; The Sees of Treves and Fulda are vacant by death. ' s- About 600 members of different orders and' congregations have had to leave the diocese of Cologne, amongst whom are 120 . priests, who had been active in the cure of souls. 'The following houses have bean dis solved :— The Carthusians in Hayn, near Bath ; the Franciscans in Aix\la-Ckapelle, Hardenburg and Dusseldovf ; the Domini cans in Duoseldorf ; the Jesuits in Aix-la» Chapelle, Bonn, Easen and Cologne, the Lazaristc ia Cologne, Neuss, Munstereifel, Malmcdy Bedburg ; the Trappista in Marianwald'; the Redeinptorists in Aixla Chapelle1; the Congregation of the Holy Ghost, ia lVEarienthal, the Christian Brothers in Burfcseheidj the Poor Brothers of St. Francis in Cologne ; the Alexian Brothers in Aixla Capelle. Besides these the following have been expelled :—The Benedictine Nuns in Bonn and Yievsen ; the Poor Clares in Derendorf ; the Carmelite ITuns in Aixla Capelle, Cologne, and Neuss ; Sisters of Kotre'Dame in Essen ; the Ursulines in Hersel, Cologne, and Dusseldorf ; the Sisters of the Poor Child Jesua from fifteen houses ; the Sisters of St. Charles Borromea, from the orphanage in Cologne ; the Sisters of Christian Charity in Crefeld, Solingen, : Steele, and Yersen ; the Sisters of the Holy Cross ia Bath j the Sisters of St. Francis in Villich, of St. Salvator in Muhlheim ou tho Shine, and of St. Yincent in Norf, near Neuss. ' In the archdiocese of Cologne there are 95 parishes without a pastor., 61 without a curate. tSIn the diocese of Paderborn 90 priests Iiaye died since the May Laws, and there are none io supply their place. 'In tho diocese of Munstev 60 parishes, ? ' are without a priest. 'In the diocese of Treves 140 parishes with 136,573 Catholics, are without- a priest. The whole diocese has 731 parishes, conse ' quently one fifth of the parishes are without a priest. Last year (187G) 25 parish priests of this diocese died. 'In the dioceae otLimmburg 17 parishes ???' «*in that of Hildesueka 11, (with 66d0 souls) \- ia that of Breslau, 64. 