FARM & STATIQMr PASTOEAL.-. AND. -AGBICULTIIRAL < NOTES AND COMMENTS Specs our.last issue.the xreather haabeen delightful;4; The ram'which fell ,a fortnight ago'has not' only entirely, changed thonspect of the country, but it has afforded fanners .the opportunity they had long wiaited for of plant ing the late maize. Boxing-day -was* by many agriculturists utilised'for the performance of suspended work.r All through- the "week all hands havo "been as.husy asbees'.. AVehave seen corn three or four inches high whichhas been planted since the rain felL .The cropsaro making upfor.lost timo. Amongst'the many causes which' have, during the holiday time, moyed people to joy and gratiilation, none has been more powerfully stimulant of such eenti • mentthan the splendid, rain, which dismissed many dark fears and dread anticipations.; The year has.literally been crowned with goodness. Fiji islikelytobeeoinea vigorous competitor with Northern Australia in the prbduction.!of sugar. It w^at onc time expect^ thattiicFijian Bpeoality would be cotton; hut cotton has not realised expectations, - and'owners of land aire turning their attention to'sugar. '-.The season's cropi promises' tbbe a very good one;, the cme is of a much higher density than at any former crushing. T. tAbout .seventy' tons, haveibeen shipped .from Tariuni for. Auckland.-. The Bhering.was to take on board.eighty tons from the-Bewu.Company's'AIAls; Suva had pro duced sixty tons, and; the first shipment no'm Nadroga has been about twenty, tons,; • 'If sugar can -be giovvii successfully at Fiji, and we see no reason .why it should_ not,' except the labour difficulty^ the southern , colonies will probably draw the bulk of their supply from that quar ter. ' The period maybe remote when our trade with the Mauritius will be transferred to Fiji, but it will probably arrive. The£y«f«ey Ifai?, of tbe SOtKultimoTpives a description, accompanied by an illustration, of Howard's three-furrow plough. It is a new invention, patented and constructed by Messrs. J. and F. 'Howard, "of the Britannia Works, Bedford. ;-The plough-combines lightness .with strength, .jit has" already been, adopted in several European countries. . In Bussia, where the .-animals used for. ploughing work. are bullocks/ the plough his become a favourite. They have also been introduced into . the Cape colonies, 'and arc .'giving satisfaction. If. is stated that four bullocks, in a three-furrow plough, can do easily three acres per: day. The! MaU adds :~</The implement' is,easily managed :-onthe* "headland,, going'.o.ut .and turning in on; the two singlewheels.with' tHe greatest facility; This' is decidedly a master piece in the construction of this new imple ment, which commends itself to special, atteny tionj fbrTnfKeri© lHe~ difficulty experienced 011 the headland with double furrow and triple furrow ploughs has becn .the ;great drawback to their 'graeral^.usej for'r the outgoings and incomings were.Vragged mass,- whilstt.thfl headland itself, of extra breadth, was torainall sorts of ways/ The Ioss/wub considerable', jand so conspicuous that'no practical farmer could shut, his'pyes* to it; ; It is;: otherwise' with Howard's new patent three- furrow plough, for by means of the long lever, with catch bolt or slide bar on the top, ho can relieve the catch from the rack, fix it in another notchJn an_ instanttime,' wbeh fhe breasts rise out, hnd are carried round on the two large wheels, turn- in likora cart, -and drop intp:workby means of'tins lever handle'without stopping. This'is sound practice, and more than this/ for in ploughing .the ploughman can adjust the depth of the furrow without stopping his team, so that he can plough different depths',, should the nature' of the land so require! it^-asil; frequently does." • • : r u 'f"' Sericulture, in-Queensland, has apparently failed. Mr. W. Coote has gone to,'great expense at -his plantation at Salisbury. The mulberry trees-will grow, but we hear nothing now of any advance being made in . the: pro? duction of coooons, or of the exportation' of grain. In Victoria the prospectaword ing to Mrs. Bladen Neill, a most determined and energetic lady, a success.- Andghe has a little of her own enthusiasm into other Victorian ladies, who are legally associated to encourage and aidthe production, of silk. 'The old assodation is to be wound up, with a view to re-formation on a more extended oasis. Those ladies actually propose to raise a capital of £60,000. t At their half-yearly meet ing this proposal was carried. Mis. Neill, wfcp has recently returned from. V European tbur then'gave an address.:. She exhibited some articles made from Victorian' silk. She then explained that her object in. visiting Europe had. been to open np a -trade in grain, but her views had quite altered. She .found disease so prevalent in southern Europe that she' decided upon exporting silk rather, than grain. : Not only was the climate becoming ; colder, ' and frosts more frequent, but the goU was exhausted, and a remedy for the declension of the industry seemed hopeless^ During last season, thousands of mulberry trees had died in France, and she had been informed by the Minister of ; Agricul-: tnre that it was seriously contemplated to abandon the cultivation of the mulberry, and to.^Bubstjluto_. cereals. JCbe ...cocoons taken "home by her had been everywhere admired and commended. The demand for them, would be almost unlimited. "The British Consul at..Mil&n.; informed/her.: that, one man wra (.willing to take twenty tops \ot cocoons and<jgiye75a..per lb.; more than.for cocoons" from anywhere else. Mr. Brockle hurst^ the Mayor of Macclesfield/ and, one of the largest sQk manufacturers in England, has taken the matter up warmlyj he*.is;- so favourably impressed with the' quality-- of Australian, cocoons that he, hasVpromised/ to communicate on thc subject with the 'A'ustra lian Governments. Mrs. Nedl was permitted to hatchsomo'of tho'graitfftihotook'ttf Italy on the •estate-of .-an eminent; Beincnlturist, >jfhd ;.was ^perfeclljiSicliaijtcd " mflLfiio result.- "-The cocoons ^exhibited ?n Milm wm .pronounced fo be the fiie best seen thero for years." There cannot be two opinions now about the suita bility of our climato and soil for/tho mulbeivf, I but aro tho labour conditions such ag" to warrant extensive planting? " On this, point i Mrs. Xeill takes. comfort from the. fact. that i nearly all the work can ho dono by women and children*. ' She would like to import and em ploy a proportion -of the half- million spinsters,' now in England, for whom there.aro no hus bands. -. It would "bb a generous thing to do, and becoming, supposingfchnt those unfortunate females could bo persuaded that growing silk was not less respectable than wearing it. English ladies have taken this subject of sOlcu hand, andhave subscribed £1,000, but whether to send , forlorn "spinsters to Australia, or to open a depot in London for the Australian silk trade is.hot very apparent. English merchants advise tho.abandonment of grain .'exportation and the'thorough prosechtion !of silk-produc tion. Said one of those^gentlemen:—" Grow silk; never, raind'tho grain, ai^d bring the trade, to England." This terse advice is character/ istio of a class of^men to whom, time is of im portance/but it contains good'adyiccl! If we produce grain only we shall • have ''France and Italy for' purchasers'; • but: if we send the cocoons we shall have England and Franco as markets. Mre.Eeill Baya.she. found in Ifcaly much prejudice against Australian' grain i- - - sequence^of/Jjthe quality of the grain sent from Queensland." "Who can explain this?, Here, is a light and profitable'industry,^offering prac tically unbounded scope for enterprise, hut it & one whose initiation is beset with exceptional difficulties. In South Anstraliii experimen talists are disheartened; Will the ladies of Victoria be able, to pull it through' its. early difficulties to success ? Meanwhile, don't let us here in Queensland be.camed away by our feelings. " . i j i During last month there were :seld in.Now Zealand, four imported shorthorns/ which sold respectively for £464, (a bow) £336/-£222,10s., and £115 10s. " : At the n^nni sale ox puro and three-quarter bred bulls, belonging- to the Australian Agri cultural Company, which took place at Warrah, an the20th ultimo, .157^ bulls' were/sold at prices ranging from £7 73.' to £42 eafch. On the same, day, htr. Smyth^-'of this'colony, bought from Sir. A. Boder twenty- five Durham bul&at; twenty guineas eafchl"! : -,v'- ' : We give the following racy, extract from the Medical Record of 20th December on the new sheep disease in Victoria:—" Fortunately, the late rains have filled the water hol^—diluted the water in them—so that their contents are a little' less like dung pastebut'still dung pre dominates, but in the shape,of a fluid Very like grecrfpcasoup. While it remains in this state there/ is just-a chance that ,there will not be another outbreak.- • But if -January and Feb ruary happen to be hot and dry, sheepowners will have to hunt their pockets a good many times over to find even the ghost of the smallest coin yet issued by the Melbourne Mint to keep the devil from danQing;in ithem. The case, everyj one must admit, : is ,a ,hard one for the poor squatters. They; have . .been innocently crowding ten or. even^more sheep ..on ah acre of land covered with four or five inches of dung—sown with rape, because it grows quickly,Land-therefore1-it; is profitable. Tho animals^tbus .overfed, ..inhaling,.the. gas. from the manure, drinking liquid manure and getting nd' oxerrise1—it' is 'hot 'surprising^ at least to any one bnt squatters, that every day from a dozen to fifty 'of the very best of their* sheep, worth from 15 to!2o shillings apiece, are; dead. ' VVithan eye to saying,,the dead oncs; are skinned—no matter whether thoso who do it become indculated witlrthc ^disease and die, or get erysipelas, boils, or inflammation of the lymphatics,farid those animals, likely to. live until they^can'be got to martetj where they often drop "down dead, are sent, off ';to spread tHe disease, just the same as & pktient suffering from fever spreads;it to others. "The disease, both stock-owners arid stock inspectors say, is not contagious. • If;it is riot,'. then puerperal typhoid 'and scarlet/ fever/ small-pox, arid a host of diseases depending on blood- poisoning 1 are not/";r •" 