MEMORANDA.. It has been decided by the. diapers of Prahran to close at 8 o'clock every evening (Saturdays. excepted) during the winter months, and placards' have been issued soliciting the co-operation of the public to assist in carrying out the arrangement. We have always: been strong advocates of early closing, and artisans who enjoy th' benefit nfthe eight hours' system oughtto do all they can in furthering the object sought. A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. E.:J. Dixon, M.L A., was convened in the Court louse, Greville-streer, Prabran, on Wednesday evening last. The night:was exceedingly wet, but notwithstanding some 60 or 70 persons put in an appearance. As a great pumber of gentleme. aor South Yarra and St. Kilda bad proiised to attend, and doubtless prevented on account.of the weather, it was thought ..advisable to postpone the meeting till Monday evening next, at the same time and place. The plans and specifioations by MMessres Terry. and Oakden of St. Mat'hew's new Church, Prabran, have just been completed and will, we are informed, be exhibited to the members of the omngregution on Wednes day evening next at 8 o'clock by the trustees and committee. On Sunday last the anniversary services of St.. Matthew's Sunday school, Prahran, were held. The sermons were preached by the incumbent, the morning subject being 'Q Christ blessing little children," aind that in the evening "'lThe little maid carried captive into Syria." The congregations were large especially in the evening, the aisles having to be filled with chairs. The sing of the children was very good, reflecting great credit on Mr Davies, their teacher. The collections amounted to £25. The welcome rain which fell so copiously on Wednesday had the one ill effect of necessitating the postponement ol the moon light concert arranged to be given in the Bltanical Gardens mn aid of the funds of the Ladies' Benevolent Society. It has been decided that, weather permitting, the concert shall he given this evening, and it is to be hoped the compulsory delay will be proved not to, have damped the ardour of the bene volent. The St. Kilda Amateur Dramatic Club contemplate giving a third performance in the Assembly Hall, St. Kilda, on Tuesday evening next. The pieces selected for the occasion are " Meg's Diversion," and "The Spectre Bridegroom, or, a Ghost in Spite of Himself." 'The,object of the entertainment is a commendable one, namely,' the supple. menting of the funds of the.St. Klda Ladies' Benevolent Society, and it' is'to' be hoped there will be a full house. The band will be under the direction of the Messrs. Robert, a faet that guarantees it oxcellence." ' His Honour Judge Noel in the Insolvent Court yesterday week dielideird his reserved decision on an application made to him, on behalf of Mrs Sharp, :furniture dealer, of Prahran, to set aside a resolution of certain of Captain Dane's creditors, under which they agreed to release him of his debts,'and to accept a composition of one penny in the H. His Honour overruled all the objections that had beeinraised'by counsel against the resoblution, and discharged the rnile nist which had been obtained' with the view of setting it aside, with costs for the de fendant. Early on last Sunday moruiing two eight. roonmed,' one-story brick dwellinghouese, situated in Park-road, West Beach, St. Kilda, were almost .completely destroyed under very suspicious circumstances by fire. Both, buildings have' been .nhccupied' for some time, and are said to be the property of Mr. Hurley.. They stooid apart from each other `a distan'ce of about'21ft., and a paling fence ran between them. At a quarter to 1 o'clock fire broke out in the one furthest west, and. in 15 minutes afterwards flames were seen issuinig from the other.: The wind was blowing at the time from an easterly direction',' so that.'itl second outbreak could not have been caused by sparks' from the"' first: 'The flames- spread,very rapidly, and in a few'minutes had full possession ot the buildings. The conflagration was seen from the look-out in Little Collins- it'riet, and the Metropdlitan brigade immediately.started' forlthe scene. They arrived-there in a short time, and were quickly' joined by the Emerald-hill and St. Kilda brigades. After some searching a fire plug was found, near the railway line, about 200 yards distant, and hose having been' idtached, a stream of water was brought to bear on the flames. By this iean's the:kitcheis, back verandahs, and a small bedroom in each house were saved. The fires had evidently originated in the roofs of "the honses, and to all appear ance were the work of an 'incendiary. The police htivre th casaein hand, and an inquesat will probably be hteld The Railway department has accepted the' following tender :-Carting railway' plagt from Spencer-street station to-;the com mencement of the first section of the Gipps Land Railway, near Oakleigh, Thomas" Gaynor, £1,265. On Saiturday last the children attending' the Sabbath Sbbhool in conisexion with the South Yarra Presbyterion Church. were taken to the Albert-park for their. annual' treat. T'lhe weather was everything that could be desired for outdoor enjoyment, and therefore a most pleaesast afternoon was spent. Tphe following gentlemen have been gazetted a. committee of management to exercise control: over the reserve for a public garden at Elwood :-Samuel Grifliths, John George Dougharty, and Edward James A Tie complimentary: benefit tenderea to' Miss Jennie Rowe .by he, friends did not turn out:such a financial success as.the pro gramme warranted. She .was assisted on this occrsion by Messrs. Knowles ( isa Emmett), Walter Redfern, Miss R. Rowe, Miss Bassett M'Donald, Miss Joey Brooks, and others. The esingig of Mr. Knowleq, in his song of the "Gal mit de wooden shoe" demanded an encore, when :he substituted " Odd man out." Miss Rowesanog ahbari tone song " Here on the vessel''deck" in 'a meritorious manner, which was redemanded, when she substituted " Merry in the Green wood" very nibely. The;performance con-: eluded about halt-past 10 o'clock, everybody appearing, well pleased with the entertain ment. in ?donnexion with 'the coming Easter encampment of the Volunteer.Force, a pro posal has been 'made -by Major 'Sarood, of the St. Kilda Artillery, that the field batteries; of artillery' should proceed by thles roand, starting:on, the Thursday evenig- preo ': ceding Good Friday, and camping at Keilor ' for the night. This coirse was pursued by the. St. Kilda Battery the year before last when they took part in the volunteerreview at Castlemaine, and..as the three barteries can' arrive in the camp, at 9 ianm.on Good: Friday, it is more than prot,able that this scheme will be carried out. .The extra night's camping out in addition to' the trip is an in ducement to the men, and as it will be moonlight,, there will be no necessity to start from" Melbourne until the members of. the three batteries have finished their day's work. It is not improbable that some of the rifle companies may join in the march. . Some.months since the officers command ing the Collingood. Richmond, andSouthern Rifle Corps agreed to have a drill competition between detachments of, their. respective corps, for a trophy, which was to be awarded by an umpire (appointed biy the colonel commandant) to the corps which, in his opinion, had produced the best drilled detachment. The competition' took place on the drill ground in Powlett-street, East Melbourne, on Saturday last, and was comn maenced at 4 o'clock.by the detachment of the Collingwood Rifle Corps, :cnsisting of 37 mied and three sergeants, with Captains Buchan and Blannin, and Lieutenant Fraser as captain and guides. The detach ment was drilled by Major Uther for three quarters ot an hour in company and skirmishing drill. At 5 o'clock the detanh ment of the Southern Rifles, consisting of 31 men and two corporal:, with Capltain Hill and Lieutenant Lawrence as officers, .was drilled by Captain Chambers for some time. At 6 o'clock, the time appointed for the Richmond Rifles, they did not appear uon the ground, so that the competition wa. reduced to a contest between the Colling wood and Southern - Rifle Corps. 'Tbh umpire, Captain J. A. Stubbs, of the local, Artillery Corpe, has given his decision in favour of the first- named. Considerable ian terest was taken in this competition in volunteer circles, it being the first that has taken place in the colony, and much regret was expressed by the competitors that the' Richmond Rifles did not compete. ' Cclonel Anderson was present on Saturday, aed closely.'watched the proceeeings. .. 'A solicitor's clerk named John Thompson was: brought, before the- City' Banch 'on Thursday, charged with stealing £5 from Mr. J. IR. Goodson, solicitor, Gardiner, by whom he had formerly': been, employe! Thompson was remanded to Gardier. 