Surveyors' Institute. i A MEETING of the council and members of the Surveyors' Institute was held yesterday, at the TownHall, 2 Present Mr A.,C, Gregory, president ; council, Messrs J. R. Atkinson, C. J Warner, J. , Worner, R. P Graham, George Phillips ; members, Messrs, N Bell, T Freney, Roehricht, J. Jeays, W. P. Townson, J. Roessler, land E. Bostock. J The PRESIDENT! stated that this was the half yearly meeting of the institute, in consequence of the last quarterly meeting having lapsed. The SECRETARY read the minutes of the previous meeting, held in January last, which were confirmed, ' " * CORRESPONDENCE. A letter was read from Mr. W. L. Barnett, licenced surveyor, calling the attention of the council to the fact that licensed surveyors were debarred the privilege of sending telegrams to heads of departments asking information, &c;,' free of charge. He explained that the nature of the work frequently necessitated reference to head- quarters. After a short discussion of the point raised, in which it transpired that the privilege was only withheld from contract surveyors, the council determined to take no action in the matter. BALLOT PAPERS. On the motion of the President by-law 37 was amended so as to admit of the council opening ballot papers, provided the voting papers were posted not less than six weeks previous to the ballot being taken, "and if there were a sufficient majority of the council present to declare the candidate or candidates elected. After some remarks from Mr. TOWNSON on the of object of half-yearly observations which it appeared were not satisfactorily dealt with, the Secretary read the following I FINANCIAL STATEMENT, RECEIPTS. Balance, January 1, 1877 ., Cash since receiving ..,,,.. . EXPENDITURE. Potty disbursements ,. < .. 5 0 0 Stationery, 6.. 2 6 7 Salary, secretary of .... 100 0 TtUgrajih , .. ' .{ 1".'. .' at 5 8 1 Goura- ... , ,. 2 8.0 M'Nanght ' 'a < ?-'.. .... 310 0 Balance in bank i .... >'., i 87 v 8 £05 14 6 The statement was submitted merely with a view to show the financial position of the insti- tute.,,, ,;,,.,* t,. i "i s i' s omaiNAL ifEMnni. On the motion of Mr. GRAHAM;, Mr. Thorneloe Smith was admitted an original member of the institute, subject to the payment of the same fees as the original members had paid. ' IIEAL rjioviJiTV ACT, M/.,BpSTOCB: called-, (attention to several provisions in the Real Property Act referring to licensed surveyors; The Act gave certain powers to the Registrar-General, one of, which is the cancellation of certificates, the,Reg¡8trar-Gonoral having extraordinary powers conferred, on him for this purpose. Another message, stated that a licensed surveyor should be able to rectify mistakes at his own expense, when possibly those mistakes arose from incorrectness of, original survey. ' ,, The CHAIRMAN pointed out that there was already an Act in existence which provided that any officer of the Government who had, power of appointment must also have power to disease. He thought, however, that some modification of the bill now advisable, and that it should take this form : a surveyor should not have the right to appeal, but the Registrar-General should call On him to show cause why his certificate should not be cancelled. 1 A general discussion of the question ensued of a more or less technical description, in which the question of incorrectness of original surveys was freely discussed with a view to bringing under the prominent notice of the department the difficulties under which the present licensed surveyors labor, through having to make their plans agree with original surveys in the hands of the Registrar-General; while they knew the originals were incorrect,' ' ' ' l 1 A rising out of this, Mr. BOSTOCK moved, "That in the opinion of this institute, no surveyor should fix a declination under the Real Property Act, to any plan unless he has made a survey of the land." < i Mr. TOWNSON seconded, and it was carried. in the course of the discussion it transpired that members considered it advisable, to give publicity to the views of the institute, and also to bring the matter under the notice of some member of the Legislative Assembly, in order that the interests of surveyors might be watched over. , ji > NOTICE OF MOTION. . Mr, ATKINSON gave notice that he would move, at the next meeting of the institute, " That an additional rule be passed to the effect that the two retiring memebers of the council should not be eligible for re-election." The meeting then separated. i i ? pistol i Turn Right Rev. Monsignor Howard, who is added to the Sacred College' at 'Home by his Holiness is a distant COURSE of the present Duke of Norfolk, and his name figures in" Lodge's and Burke's Peerage as the only son of the late Edward Gyles Howard, who was the son of Edward Charles Howard, youngest brother of Bernard Edward, 15th duke. He is described as a prelate of the Church of Rome," and he was born on February 18, 1828, so that he is only just^prty-oight years of age. In early life he was an officer in the 2nd Life Guards, and we believe that he rode at the head of the military procession on the occasion of the Duke of Wellington's funeral is 1852. He subsequently quitted the army and went to Rome, where he entered holy orders. He is at present Archbishop of New Caesarea, in partibus mycelium. It will be remembered by readers of English history, and especially of that 'by the Stuart era, that he is not the first member of the ducal house of Howard who has been elevated to the Cardinalate. > a I GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA writing to The Mus dated London Naas, says : " The bodies of Some 8000 Englishmen moulder peacefully in this (Soutar!) graveyard.' 'I fancy that the remembrance of theirjdeathsmigh,t moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely those politicians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short memories. I remember the episode, of the Crimean, war as though they had happened yesterday, for then, as now, I was earning my daily bread by literature and journalism, and the war brought me everyday fresh materials for my pen. I was within an ace in 1856 of going to Sebastopol, but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who are middle-aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the, fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff! Do you remeirdjor"the Ghost's Derby day in 1855 I Do you remember when, on the cliff at Brighton and the Marine at St. Leonard's, you could, scarcely walk ten paces without meeting groups of ladies, and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain iii that wretched Chersonese, or who had^ickenert and died in the cheerless wards of the Scufaii IIoBpi tell?; Are we to have those years of private agony and bereavements of public blundering and ! mismanagement, over again? I suppose SO glory is a very fine thing. I am only a pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory ; but I, confess that my blood grow cold, and that my heart sickens when I hear politicians pertly prating about the ' arbitrament of the sword,' and' 'war clearing the atmosphere,' and so forth. I never , met ; Glory yet, and I don't know what he or she is like ; but I have met War face to face half-a-dozen t times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the crimson of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sisters who follow him wheresoever he goes. They are, three, sisters, and their names are 'Rapine and 'Disease,' and 'Death.' This is, of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of looking at war I cannot help it. I have seen only War's madness and wickedness, its foulness' and squalor. To me it 1 has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, but famine and slaughter and I can but think that if the warlike politicians were to wit nessrjust half-an-hour of actual warfare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial' ardour would cool down a little, and they would not be quite SO 1 prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet." 