DEAD EYES THAT BEAR "WITNESS. There is a well-known story of the conviction of a murderer having been attained by the circumstance that a recognisable image or like ness was found impressed upon the victim's eye after death. One verson of the affair places the occurrence in Lyons, France; another in Eng land. It was probably invented about the time that daguerreotypes came into use, and was perhaps suggested by the fact that a small pic ture of whatever the eye is looking at is formed in the centre of the eye and is plainly visible to other eyes. As the story is told in one way, a daguerreotype was taken of the victim, and the image of the murderer was found in the eye by a painter who was making a picture of the mur dered man and had occasion to study the daguereotype under high magnifying power. Another version makes the image found that of a friend who bent over the victim when ex piring ; the friend is, of course, arrested as the nnnderer, and thus the plot gains variety. The notion that such an image in the eye could remain fixed after death must certainly have seemed plausible to romancers, or they would not have rung so many changes upon tt. Per haps, however, most readers have dismissed it from their minds as absurd. But the conceptions ot fancy in one age often become the facts of discovery in another. Within a few weeks a patient German has announced and exhibited some startling ex periments that bring the eye picture story fully within the limits of possibility. Dr. W. Kuhne, Professor of Physiology, in the Uni versity of Heidelberg, has been carefully re viewing and extending a discovery of Dr. Boll, now of Rome. Dr. Boll had found that the ex ternal layer of the retina of the eye possesses in life a beautiful purple colour. The colour is per petually destroyed and renewed, while the eye is doing work. Kuhne found that light was the agent by which the purple is destroyed; while the animal is alive the colour is quickly restored by the secretive action of the neigh bouring tissues. The next discovery was that only certain kinds of light have the power of discharging the colour. If kept in other kinds of light, such for instance as is obtained by burn ing a mixture of soda and alcohol, the purple colour remains unaltered, even after d.ath. Finally, Dr. Kuhne found chemical re-agents that would fix the colour. Now. came the crowning experiment. He fastened a rabbit so that one of its eyes was for three minutes ex posed to the light from an open window shutter. Then he instantly decapitated the rabbit and put the eye in suitable pickle. Two minutes after the decapitation the other eye was similarly exposed to light, and it too was after wards pickled. The next morning both eyes showed a sharply defined image of the square of light, surrounded by a deep rose-tint. The image in the second eye was somewhat sharper and whiter of the two. Professor Bunsen was present and witnessed this marvellous experi ment. Obviously under more delicate treatment th^ eye could be made to tell the story of fainter impressions. The eyes of human victims may yet bear testimony in courts of law, when mur derers are on trial. In the case we have de scribed, however,we have no doubt that Professor Knhne and Bunsen dined on tin: decapitated rabbit, and that it agreed with them. We ar e only on the threshold of a similar)class of dis coveries. Window glass, for instince, that has had letters fastened upon it and has been ex | rosed to light for several years, is found to have | undergone some structural change, so that no cleaning will wholly efface the evidence that the letters were once attached. No matter how thoroughly the glass may be wiped and polished, a breath upon it brings back the'.shadowy out lines, the ghosts of the letters again. Similar results have followed where nothing but a shadow bad rested upon the pane. It is found that sunlight changes the color of glass, just as it alters the sensitive plate in the photographers mera. A little more of such progress may enable us to compel the walls of old buildings to picture forth the scenes that were last enacted ' within them. The opened tomb of a Greek hero may bear witness to the last procession within its walls before it was closed from the; light. How the detective of the future will revel in such evidence ! Armed with a pocket telephone he may find means of conveying the fatal whisper of a conversation miles away from the speakers. The mirrors, the lacquered furniture may picture the occurrences. Last of all the ghastly head of a lap-dog may be brought into court, and its pickled eyes, under the microscope, may yield such images as will con vince a jury that a divorce is justified. Think of what a blood-curdling romanae Edgar Allan Poe could have written, if he had been pro ] Tided with such materials!— -New York Tri bum. 