AFFAIRS IN FRANCE. [From our own Correspondent.] Paris, February 17. No. one in this country attaches the slightest importance, still less gives the smallest attention, to the reported Or-<*> leanist conspiracy to overthrow the Re- public, and, selecting the Irac d Aumale lor General Monck, to seat Mb nephew, the Comte de Paris, on the throne. German canards— for the story conies from Vater land—is as unsuccessful as German wit. The Orleanist? are an unpopular party in France; they are the models of irresolution. They would faint at the" idea of organising Acmipd1 etat. Were it possible to overthrow the Republic by a lobby intrigue, or a par liamentary coalition, or by a Guizot system of bribery, or a De Broglie respect for con stitutional liberty, or a Buffet execution of the law, they would engage in the venture in the twinkling of an eye. They are political Christopher Slys, who in politics can throw pebbles on the rails; but to resort to violence—that programme is the mo- ' nopolyofthe Bonapartists. The fact is, there are no conspiracies in France; the Republic is now being re spectably and honorably administered, -and the head of the Cabinet, Jules Simon, is compelling the extreme parties to obey the institutions of the country. The' Bona partists have even ceased to be boisterous, and employ no other weapon against the Bepublic but bad names. Words break no tones, in proportion as the Ministry displays the courage to .promote and de fend its Republican programme; to act fairly and liberally towards all men; to assure the good, and to warn the bad, bo does the Constitution become acceptable, as a matter of course, by the nation. It is difficult to muzzle a free press. It is no easy matter to silence in France an obnoxious writer. Rochefortfs Droibtde FHomme has been suspended for six months, so his partisans here provide him instantly with a successor, the Radical. The departed journal was disgustingly personal, so much so that not- an extreme .Republican deputy could be induced to bring the Minister to task for employing the arms of the Second Empire to prosecute a newspaper under the Athenian Republic— JS Jvmta la 'tnivrica. The best means to silence Rochefort is to not dignify his speculation with a prosecu tion, and to pardonall the penitent dupes of the Commune. A vessel is now Deing fitted out to bring back to France from New Caledonia nearly 200 Communists for given by the country. At the same time the remains of the police massacred intiie Baxo Sue have been exhumed, and plaeed under a fitting monument in the Metro politan Cemetery. The Carnival ended on Ash Wednesday morning, when according to custom, masks and costumes ought to be buried before sunrise, and the Sons of Folly to clothe themselves in sackcloth and to com mence mortification by breakfasting on salt cod. During the three days that people were free to do Dearly as they pleased,, so far as making fools of themselves, only 760 drunkards were arrested. The figures are not high for a capital of nearly two | millions, and when it is known what aemall quantity of alcohol steals away a French- j nap's brains. In his case the fire-water preferred is absinthe, which is the most ter- j xjQjle and abject of intoxicating drinks, the jpnncipal instigator of suicides, but stiange, ret of other crimes. The 1 poors rate levied on the receipts of the various public masked balls were never known to attain so high a figure as dozing this carnival. ? People who thus play cannot; be in a bad position. Two new establish ments gave children's fancy balls, and, in a monetary point of view, with success. There were as many" orders of princes under nine years of age 4s Mr. Wallace asserts exists in Russia? the Dukes were as plentiful as under the Grand Monarch, and the Marquises as under that of Louis - .XV. This assumption of titles by young Bepnblican France, it is to be hoped, will not be misinterpreted by the Comte de Chambord. \ Turkey is almost sinking out of French recollection, "-. Midhat Pasha has carried ' into his exSe all the bright prospects of j Ottoman reformation. Sultans, like leo pards, cannot change their skin. Even the robbed bondholders count no longer on being paid -anything in the pound. It is mare a matter of feeling than of belief that the coming hostilities between Russia and Turkey will be localised. There is no sympathy for either of the belligerents in i nance, and when they have fought so as to resemble the Kilkenny cats, Europe can interfere more decidedly to wind up the Eastern question. The suspense of the coming collision weighs more in affairs than would actual war. But all things snst come to an end, even the position of the Turk and the Cossack facing one another like a pair of porcelain doge on a chimney piece. The death of General Changarnier at 83 might have been an expected event since some years, as the bachelor dandy was merely propped up by bandaffistes, tailors," and male Rachels. It is difficult to estimate a man gravely who at 83 dresses like a cox comb in his teens. The deceased was the incarnation of military and political vanity. He was a capital skirmish ing ? officer' in Algeria, by *ny.Tring brilliant dashes at the Arabs, bat as for ; other -capacity he had none. Bis services ' were utilised at Metz to negotiate the capitulation. In 1848 he solicited a com mand to defend the Republic, as "he was ccustomed to conquer. It would be charitable to draw a veil over his potitica antecedents. He wa? everything by turns and of bite was distinguished by bis fierce bate against the Republic. He was the chief puppet in every intrigue against the present Constitution. He labored to bring rock the Comte de Chambord, the Comte de Paris, the Prince Imperial, rather than bow to the nation' 6 will. Like Erasmus, he is reported to have had "a Catholic soul and a Lutheran stomach." He was the most intimate and oldest friend of the Rothschild's, and it is the lady head of that family who has taken charge of the burial of the old bachelor. __ His bed was a tru'y mi-itary one, in iron, narrow, and the mattress was ever composed of lye straw, while his room was simply a military tent; he had his uniform ever ready, as if expecting at any moment to enter on duty. He had the honor to be exiled after the coup d 1 etat, a crime he un consciously did -so much with his royalist friends topromote^ Hewj&sthe; life- long friend of Thiers, and when the latter was . President expected to receive from him the' baton of marshal; great was his duaj^ pointmentonbeingrefased, so he taroeit his arms against Thier?, was one of &? three who intrigued the Jotter's downfall, expecting to occupy bis place, and could hardly believe bis eyes when WpiMwrn was selected. It was Ohangamier's boast that he would bury the' Republic, and now it is the Republic undertakes bis obseqmesw The French were really pained at tfa? prospect of Austria's retaau to officially take part in die Exhibition of 2678, Urn necessary foods having been voted. Tte ostentation of Hie oth&r; itaneir crestes cextuer surprise, and it may lie added* not regret. The worlis are progressing as satw* factorily as could be dearod,?nanot?mnl the shadow of * shade of complaint natv been heard respecting the gigantic organi* zation. This nappy result is due to the exclusion of all -private influences, and hence of obstacles and wrongs. At present the vieito? can not only take ia en idea <tf the Taatneas of the undertaking, fart also of what its many beauties arast be. . Tfaft result will prove that all lias not been dona in the matter of World's fairs. It will not be the fault of the Bishops if religious peace cannot be mamtained; tney seize every occasion to attack the represent Utives of lay society, so that the raeadt between . Catholicism and Liberalism is widening. Thft TtjpnMir^? do wifr ?,rt??V they defend fhemselves. The Bishops on every possible occasion seek to vilify existing; institutions; their pastorals are political manifestations. When ordered to pray'toy the-Bepublic they did so, whOs fanqmMgW it, and notrjn their Lenten charges, insteadl of confining themselves to ;t&e; ;pecaliftr xegulations for passing the Forty Dsyfe,lliey resume, the role of politicians. Tins iaa Bishop of Angers -decudes tatjl marriagei U?j be concubinage, and tie chSdren^bor? ?<£. that union akin to bastards. ? He iimiiilihimi' aleo Out law which, directs tliat HbecbSUn* of a family should all enjoy tfce parents^ property chare and share alike. The Bishop of Rodez declares thai the mission of jjfcfe Church is purely one "of d^ninaiion, to nd? over all peoples and all IflfiSs; .while His Grace of Cambrai maintains that it is im possible to be a good Cat&olicnniem; one b? an Ultramontane^ tn- Wasunee of these provocations the ctergy has „ the presumption to complain that thd people are falling away from rel&fon.; The contrary would ?eem to be true. French people are, amhappfly, eanttftenesij^ to ccc in priests not only political anttaje^ niste, bat men without, patriotism, abafCi requires no ghost tetsome. from ifcejftajlF to announce where tie battle wiH fimC?ji azidhow. ; ? ? '?. ?- V ?„ ?'????> cAis. The French Government in Algeria IMF adopted.an excellent reform. One of tie 3 great difficulties in administeiing &s;£ inf-^ portant colony arises from 4h? civil -&&& goyes being ignorant of idiomatic An&'< eLcefortii an official's salary and praAo^- tion will be regulated aocardtng to-Hr. proficiency in the toeai dialect. Tneswiafes interpreters make awful blunders - dcc*6T siacauy.. Before the Tribunal of Algiers' one of these dragomen interpreted "ahob-^. maker" as "locksmith." It is a neeeasttyc to set an interpreter to catch an intei>-: preter. . ~ ... . MadamePiermarini was engaged hy^'Mt.r. Pasdeloup, the director of con- > certs, to sing at one of jus entertainment?i. Impafieiit tc) gain her place, she jumped ?. across the raffing of the oichestra, elippedyi and broke her arm. She took an action fee- >; damages against Pasdeloup, who declined t the responsibility, aTlpguy- he engaged.; Mdlle. to tang, and not to Tfifl^ court decided ihhis favor. -...'? 4 The Tribunal has also dispoaedxrf a TiiiHflT interesting to advertisezs and newspspenu i A manufacturer of feeding', battfea f?uW> lished a puffiing advertiseniant^ slleginK.., that, by.a decision of. a^court at £eilin,i?a--*; feeding apparatus alonejweseesed a?ovetef { excellence. No such judgment "was em ' c rendered, so other roanu&ctnrers.lield; tib?: journals responfilble for?idine^bis dialojal: competition; The. Ereiich j^^mal ??-? . l corded nominal gm<ffi >J w"'fMJn* Tf?f^ papers,-but ordered the auverfisin?.j^^9ii . to' pay them as well a 6 all expenses.in*.^ enrred. The complainnw can still pursue the agest jfi^jdnu dami^ea^' if'they can demonstrate bairtt^jridSeiedfa^; loSS; l^'-rci* '?"? :-.' A conntry gentleman cana?^ Paris, to " witness the carnival, and entered Into eOn>;?- TermtionF with a stranmr near the Seak ' Bridge; they became faendsln^sertnt"^ go mnch co that the utnu^er"^uuinled 19/' the genfieattn's topcoat being eo2ecL,anL; J aided to take it off to jrt btnsned.. Whn%^ in thgr:yJtitj|*^<>-n^'i**^'*'''B ?** put on flia ? coslflgam, the stronger bolted wifl> h\ sag the unfortauate gbntlenlan in^fettmrnfflring to run after him was^npped np by a ready " pat " ? ? .- = ? ' The Prefect of Police has bow orgam?eS ' a telegraphic portrait departeeni. ?' Sob- * posing your ca?hier to decamp, an everyday - occurre?Ce in Paris,.before hrtmrmg lns-? cash, youiave only to present Ins sootow-^ at the-detective depwbnemv sad m ient: minutes its copy willT? in the Bands of anet - frontier authorities, so Uiat the cashier on alighting, will enable the gendarme to soliloquise this- picture and on this. 1* - Several important an-ests have already1 been made owing to the discovery. _It 18 worth knowing the opinion of tie chief at ? the detective service on the malady of behV ; ing cashiers. He states, he never knew* r case of robbery to occur where lie cashifi*_ was compelled to take a few "weeks yaca? tion every six months. ? ? - Secator Aisgo ias a proverbaHy Isxga . nose; he is an hereditary.repaMican, ana.. royalists swear by hia OOTn^ and artiste are loud in their nraises of its vermflioa. color. A few days ago he was going to Versailles, and in the same compartment of the railway carriage were brother Henatorg and a lady with an infant on hex knees. The child commenced to cry, and Arago> . endeavored to coax it to be calm, bat toe ' child cried the more. The lady begged be would cease hie pleasantry, as aoe -was Sj ing Paris, her infant being testified with the masks and false noses, ao she vonkl be obb'ged if Arago would ranmn liia, and conceal it for the remainder at- flbs journeW There are 4,000 bwliffein fads, and all are up to their eyes in bttsmess. A gentleman committed eoidde <m Shi-ove Tuesday in the Bpis deJ?onlogne ~ by blowing ont his brains. Instead, of muV - lets he employed ten pieces of lmlf Turn n, ; aU the money be po??eesed, eehe eofte|si his * memoirs." -??" ;*-:" ?". -; to bint s mu^c-te^her, to te^titemfiMad|tk a correctly. ? * 