TEACHERS’ SALARIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, ,&c.;, G.P. O. SIR, —The subject of teachers’remuneration appears likely to become a ghost not ehsily laid, unless it be laid promptly and effectually. Figures quoted during the education debate in the Assembly make “cou- fusion worse confounded.”- The Minister of Education is repolrtedrirlifavingsaid irihis - speech'on theqiiiation that ” a State school.teacher-in charge was only sup posed' to. have)£3Bo per. annum,-but. he found from, 'returns that some of the lowest ayeraged'£677 : per' ■annum - .’”'. Now, while the' “ fixed” salary for a school of'lOSb children is £3BO, one hundred per cent, of the half of that amount, or £l9O, may pusaibly.be.earned in addition- by way, of “results;!! (giving.the head teacher of a say,rpf'the size of 33, Doveton street,., a, salary .0f,,£570.,' Such/are, of course, the, ’“'blnW distributable'-on i-the occasion r oi 'angels’ visits, In addition,'’ however, to the fixed (portion of the'salafy; thereVre so-called'additions of la sixfold character, the last of which, is an.allowance |for maintenance arid' incidental expenses - : - not for ithe maintenance, of the. - teacher or./.his family, but la. sum-.allowed, to enable;.the teacher to provide : certairi necessaries—peris, _irit, pencils," fuel; &o; \- ,, arid.to cleanse", the: schoolrooms . and out-offices. To !many, doubtless, this is'a source'.-of- income; as,';for. ‘ instance, where the chi:dferi~are.ieft to provide them selves, and if they want a fire have to wood. But to a teacher who conscientiously provides, as he used' to riaak’e declaration that he did; little, is ,: left in the shape of /additidri’.to incpriie,! Intimately ooiri,; nected-with the subject of income is that of situatiori^ - or. size of school perhaps, speaking) more-correctly. The schools may be divided on the of iricome" into good, middlingpand poor ones, and I cannot help-thinking—that-the really good ones—few in number—might be rendered much'.more - serviceable than they are. Take, Ballarat as nearest example; ’ how many.,changes in head teacherships.have been made during • the ; last : dozen years 1/ I don’t. think ! am far" wrong in' estimating the '■ number of head teachers at about'looo who have to. take charge'of schools worth-£250 per annum and, less, and among all these are there not many who have been in the service as long, and are ns fully competent to manage those schools,-as the men who have had charge oh them so long, and who consider that they are entitled to such charge for the term of life 1 I remember a good while ago rrioptiog this subject iu the. presence of, one fortunate man in the .West, whose first division certificate, if he : possesses one, was, I am informed, granted as a favor, for long service, and not as was my own, fairly gained by examination years since. I speak not 'from disappointment or envy, but from principle, and urge that - in the large schools the system of itineracy might be judiciously Why should there be so many waiters for “dead rrien’s shoes ” when so many, are on • equal tennis;? And as to the matter of payment generally, the Minister, .without making such - sweeping reductions as would seem to be contemplated,- bas largVscope for amending the system of payment. ' The head teacher of a school of one thousand children has, indeed, very little, if ariy more, to do than the head teacher of a school of one hundred ; why; theri, should the - fixed salary of the one.be £230 in- excess of- the,other, or with 80 per cent, “ results-’’- added, -£336 in excess ? Every thinking individual will, say that it is high time an alteration was made; and I am sure that I may go further, and say that until there.ia a “decent levelling up,” it is useless to expect the great bulk of teachers to be; satisfied. Once do away with cause for grievance in this direction, and muehwill be effected towards making the act a success. 