| .WADING THROUGH THE "ADS-* i On* looking over pur advertising coliiihns re cently we (Telegraph) were fyiite gratified to notice a.niost pleasing variety of notifications under the head-of "Public Notice's." Our printer, being a married man—as all respect able printers ought to bo—evidently considered tb'ft following niece of " nfftmr " the most im the following.piece of." agony " the most^ im portant .to the public, and therefore put it at the head of the column ':— ! Two young men, lately arrived'from'the .Pander, wish to correspond with two young ladieS between" the ares of U and 26, with a view ttt m&tikhOhy.; JfoncpMOteeC. '' Precisely. But why go to the trouble of adding ^ Money no c\jtct . Every young.lady, in Brisbane knows,"or at' all events, is fully im pressed with the idea, that when ybuiig mfen from the Palmer, .or- front * any -'other * where the: ^colour." can be got, come fossicking ejtpedition to Brisbane, all pecuniary considerations are thrown.aside as so.much, useless tailings, and things generally are gone in for regardless"of expense^if there's only the ghost of a show;- - We are- personally aware of the existence pf Several young ladies in this, .city . "between the ?. ages of 24 an'd 26"—in fact more so—whose growth would not be spoiled by'a-matrimonial alliance, and we are quite sure - that these two • young men from the Country will meet with the most unqualified success if they. only go about the thing in the orthodox style—get a full-share hat at Clarke and Treleaven's, a couple of heavy-looking knuckledusters and a loud chain at the Grotto, and hang out a couple, of rugged-looking nuggets (which Uncle Mor wich can supply), to ensure an auriferous tout ensemble—then a couple of visits to the opera with the fair one, and a drive to Sandgate on Sunday.; and. after that, if there he any just cause or impediment—why, may we die an old bachelor 1 . But we are allowing this matrimonial affair to lead us away from the idea with which we started—just ■ the same as we used to be led away by the girls in our time, letting everything else sHde, till at length we ourselves*' led away" one of them for better or worse; and here we are I do hereby acknowledge that what I have raid against the character of Jlr. — , and as having proved It to he true with mine own eyes, is not the truth, and I do now regret having said so. "We have often heard people expressing a doubt as to whether they tould believe their own eyes, but here we' have a gentleman (whoso name fc-e need not repeat here) giving the lie direct to his visual organs, and express ing regret at having allowed himself'to be misled by them, to the detriment of 1 another gentlemen, whose name it is equally unneces-; sary for us to mention. . . . Pass we on to tne next:— Mr. E. Thome is booking Orders' for eggs from His imported poultry^ 1*. and Is. 6d. each. Apply,-Pcfricf office. S&reiy; there must be some' mistake - here, or else eggs are going high! If may quote from this authority, eggs, to speak commercially, are now being. placed r—or, to use a. more appropriate and, withal, synonymous term, laid—at eighteen shillings a dozen. -Ye gods and little chickens! "We have often promised our better half — curious division of unity f—that we would go in for raising poultry when sufficient inducement offered.' That time seems to haVe now arrived. The following, however, would he better suited to the state of our finances at present:— To be given away. £30 worth-of an allotment at Oil ey,West. The undersigned is authorised to gfre a {nil-sired allotment in the townibip as a free gift to any person who will immediately build a bouse te the value of £75 tberebn. The house to be erected within a specified time. Apply to George Harden,-Town HalL That's a reasonable. price—we allude to the first part of the advertisement; we cannot quite understand the proviso contained in the latter part. It has not yet struck us why a person finding himself in a generous mood, and wishing to bestow a full-sized allotment at Oxlev West Upon some deserving object, should stipulate that the recipient shall put £75 worth of a house on it in a specified time. We have no doubt, however, that the proviso is inserted from the purest of philanthropic motives. We shall step across to the Town Hall, and see Mr. Harden. The following, which also appeared in our columns lately, is worthy of serious attention: Wanted by a Highly respectable lady, with an in come of two hundred a year, a suitable partner for life—one who i* not prejudiced against pockmarked free. Communications ttrictly private. Address, M E.3.P.," TWfprflpA Office, Brisbane. • For young men who do not hail from Gympie or the Palmer, and who cannot lay their-hands i on their hearts and say " Money no object," J the above is a very fair opportunity indeed, and we hope the lonely and afflicted advertiser will find in Brisbane at least" one, who is not prejudiced azainst a pock-marked face,"-who would be willing to enter into partnership with her for the term of his natural life. We believe there are many young fellows in this city who could endure two hundred a year, and whose natural distaste for pock-marks would most probably be got over by the con sideration named. We shall be happy if events should prove that we have been the humble instruments of bringing about tlm happy" con summation desired, by thus directing attention t* this generous offer. Such chances don't often occur in a life-time. " 