ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. \------------ * -------------- It is always a pleasing duty for me to record' any instance of intelligent zeal and inflexible conscientiousness on the part of a civil servant. I like to know that the State has secured the services of men who display such qualities. I think my readers like to know it also—that's why I am never weary of recording such in- stances as come to my knowledge. That's the reason why I am going to give the last instance of the kind which I have heard of. It seems that we have a Sub- collector of Customs at a northern port who is so scrupulously exact in the discharge of his duties that, a few-days ago, he refused to allow a storekeeper to pass entries under the heading, "iron castings for building purposes" for some nuts and bolts which had been sent up to him. This sub-collector hunted up the Act, and there it was, as plain as a pikestaff, "nuts—all sorts except coconuts—2d. per lb.;" while under the other designation they would only be 2s. per cwt. Iron nuts to screw on to bolts are "nuts" in the strictest sense of the word— if names are to be accepted as proper designations of the things to which they refer—and this sub- collector was not going to be caught napping, and allow the revenue to be defunded, without proper authority. He told the storekeeper he could have the huts and bolts by passing an entry for them and paying 2d. per lb. duty, and if the object he must let them wait until he (the sub-collector) had communicated with the head of his department in Brisbane. The storekeeper said he thought he would wait. A telegram was accordingly sent down here, but could not be passed through until late at night—near midnight, I believe—and in order that there should be no delay it was sent over the river to the Collector's private residence forthwith. The Collector of Customs was \ just in the midst ox his first sleep when he was called up most unceremoniously to receive this telegram. It is on record, that when he got a light and read that telegram, as he did under difficulties, having to keep up an incessant battle with the mosquitoes, who took a mean advantage of his light and airy costume, he invoked blessings on the head of that one sub- collector—breathed a deep and fervent prayer for him, the Customs in general, the telegraph operator in charge in particular, and then sent word to the sub-collector to crack one of the sanguinary nuts and see if it was a cocoa- nut. I haven't heard the result. It is rumoured, however; that the storekeeper got his nuts and bolts by paying a duty of 2s. per cwt.! But it is comfortable to know that the revenue is so carefully guarded at that port. And this is not the only Civil Servant by many a one who is equally deserving of credit for the manner in which he discharges his duty to the State. Our railway is as well looked after as our Customs duties. Is it not a fact that we never have any accidents—worth speaking about—on our railway lines? Ask any of the officials, from the highest to the lowest at any time, and they will tell you at only that no accident- worth mentioning ever was, or is ever likely to happen, so long as the lines are under present, management. This is in a great measure due to the cool and metho- dical manner in which the employees meet and overcome any and every difficulty as it arises. A passenger by a night train, recently, informs me that the train stopped rather, suddenly at an unusual place, and he, after waiting for some time, had the curiosity to put his head out of the window, and ask the engine-driver, or fireman, what was; the matter? "Oh, nothing of any conse- quence," says the man, " only a tree across the rails!" The passenger did not seem to pro- perly appreciate the thing, for he asked the man whether he wanted a stone quarry or a hay-rick on the rails ?—which was irrelevant, to say the least of it. The man did not want the tree there, much less a stone quarry or a hay-rick, but as it had dropped in that incon- venient position, he concluded that the proper course was to clear it from the rails as speedily as possible, and without fuss or worry. That fireman was a philosopher. There are several beautiful moral reflections which might be introduced here—but; I haven't time just at present, so I will leave it to every reader to fill them in for himself. A little more philosophy, and cool, hard common sense, brought to the consideration of everyday matters, would not be wasted on most people. As a matter of fact, there is too much false sentiment, and "gush," and Brum- magem sympathy passing current about many things. A paragraph is going the rounds of the papers just now about a little nephew and niece of the late Charles Dickens, who are only kept from the workhouse at Amboy, Illinois by a poor old couple who have found the children a home since their mother died. Nearly everybody who reads this paragraph gushes over it and says, "What a pity! what a shame! that the poor children of such an uncle should be allowed to be fed, lodged and clothed by the charity of strangers." Yet the same paragraph goes on to state, what wasi tolerably well known before in fact, that their late father was a drunken, unprincipled scoundrel, who deserted his wife in England when she lost her eyesight, and eloped with a school girl to America. As he was the brother of the great novelist, however, interest was brought to bear, and a good billet was found for him in the Land Department of the Illinois Central Railroad. But he spent his money as fast as he got it, sponged on his brother, and everybody else within reach, got discharged from his billet for misconduct, and at length deserted his second wife and the two children above referred to. He sponged his way through the States, and do Australia here, his brother's great reputation being his only capital: but it was sufficient: it procured him free quarters in every town and township he visited; pound-notes, half- sovereigns, half-crowns, and unlimited drinks at bush public houses—for the poorest bushman knows and appreciates Charles Dickens. This Augustus Dickens was at Bris- bane here for a few days twelve or thirteen,; years ago, I remember, a bloated, shabby, dirty, loafer. He died a pauper and an out- cast—as he was bound to be, in spite of fate and all the help of all the people in the world. The poor victim whom he seduced and took to America with him, lived in utter misery for a number of years, and at last poisoned himslef, and her two children have been with this old couple at Amboy, Illinois, ever since. The "pity" and the "shame" of the whole matter is that such a man should find [?] foolish enough to show him [?]- ness of which he was unworthy— simply because his brother was a great genius. that could happen to them if they are deluded into the idea that because their uncle was a great and gifted ma, therefore they have a claim on [?] reading public of the whole world and on [?] not to be compelled to earn their own living by hard, honest work. The sooner we learn to call things by their right names the better. That is my opinion at all events. It is a pity that the late Augustus Dickens was not born and bred in Scotland. He would have acquired more strictly moral principles there, or I am much mistaken. I don't mean to assert, mind you, that all Scotsmen are strictly moral—but they are the least liable to be imposed upon of any race of men I know. When they are victimised it is because they cannot help it. There are exceptions of course, but I am speaking generally. A beautiful illustration of the truth of this was afforded me only a few days ago. It appears that a Presbyterian minister in a neighbouring town was so ill supported by his congregation that he was obliged to resign. He had borrowed £30 from a member of that congregation, which he had not the ghost of a chance of repaying. That member suggested to the other members the propriety of getting up a money testimonial to the retiring minister and presenting it to him as a parting gift. The thing was agreed to, and the gentleman who suggested it was made treasurer of the fund. When the subscriptions were all in, they amounted to thirty pounds two and six- pence. The treasurer of the fund went and bought a new purse, for which he paid two shillings, got six pennyworth of new bronze coin, which he put into the purse along with a receipt for the thirty pounds borrowed money, and then formed one of a deputation to the minister, to present him with the purse of money and a very flattering address. The minister was a Scotsman too, and therefore it is scarcely necessary to say that he thoroughly appreciated the stern probity and business-like character of the trans- action, and was quite overcome by the deli-, cacy, tact, and discretions with which the thing was carried out from first to last. I have no doubt that minister left his late charge with a light heart and a clear conscience. He was out of debt, and under no obligation to any one except for their kindness in relieving him of his burden. Now that way of helping a man will never demoralise him. On the con- trary, it will teach him lessons of self-reliance and self-respect, which he is never likely to forget. I should like to see more of the testi- monial business carried out in that way. . 