INTERCOLONIAL. SYDNEY. ... AAroduosdav. , . 'Tho Honornblo Goorgo Thorn has mot with a good rcooption horo. SouoOl op - Arts.— Tho quarterly mooting of membors takos pluoo this ovouing. ' AVkek or Prayer. — Special sorvioos will bo ; hold this evening in tho -Baptist Oliuroli, and ttt-morrow evening thero will bo a United 'communion ,sorvioo iu tho Prosbytorian 'dliuroli.- , . , '''' Police Court.— Boforo 'tlio Poiioo Magis- trato, , yostorday, : ouo porson- charged with drunkouuess was adinouishod and diBohargod. Jumos Simpsou, ou remand, chargod witli lnroouy, was further rumnudod uutil. this morning. ; , Ihi'ortant Land Sale.— Wo, aro requested to draw attention to the salo of landed proper ties' to bo hold to-day by Mr R. L. Dibdin. on tlio grouud, Bolsover-stroet. Tho sevural allot ments aro well Bit'uatod, had worthy tho attoa- tion of purohusors, , , - j . . , The AVea'Ther. — Tho uiotoorologioal reports yostorday, stated t tho rain-fall . for the 24 > hours prcoodiug 9 a.m. to bo at Gilbert River 0.58," and Normantou 0.35. Fino weathor pra- vnilod at all plnoos from whioh communication had boon rcccivod with the oxcoptiou of the Nortkorn -flistriots whoro hppearancoB were cloudy. Short Horn "Bull.— Mossrs. .Mncdorroott Brothers reooived by tho Juma Putorson, s.s., from Sydney; a splondid ' bull 'of tho short horn brood, namod "Marmion." Tho bull, a roau,' was brod by Mr. John Clayton, of Saffron AValdou.iu tlio oounty of , Essex, on tho 9tli Mnroh, 18G6; and isby Uosta, from Miriam ; Costa by Barleycorn, and Miriam by Snowball. Redress.— Our Brisbuno correspondent wires, tlio news that Cax>tain Macdounld is likely to bo temporarily appointed to tho command of tho voluutoor foroo. This, wo tuko it, is a high honor ; and it will, nt, any ruto, give tho holder of the oflico uu opportunity of readjust ing- tlio soules of justice in regard to, local affairs. This will havo to .'bo dono by somo ouo, but wbothor by Cuptain Macdounld or his t/TA- Ukut.. — 1 he- Turkish Baths. — Our renders will bo ploasod to lourn tlmt on Saturday next, and honooforward,' tlio luxury of a Turkish bath will bo at thoir disposal. Mr. Dustor's arrangements aro completed, and he nnuouncoB his intention of opening his ostablishmont to tho publjo tlio day af tor , to- morrow, tlio hours being from G a.m. to 8 p.m.. on live days of tho wook, with two hours later on Saturdays. Of oourso, thoro will bo no Sunday baths, six days out of tho soven boing miliciout to ensure a oleau aud henlthy body. Saturday, then, friouds ; but pray don't all go.at onoo ! , The "Scottish Hero."— It will lie soon tlmt this fiuo vessol has been put on tho borth' for London, and is oom'moncing to'tak'o iu her loadiug. Sho ib iikoly to liavo a. .vory. quiok: despatch. Tho largo quantity of wool coming iu isono good sign; aud- iu. addition to tlio onterpriaiug way in which Mossrs. Hunter and Co., tho agents, push Biioh mattors, wo Had iu what lniB beon douo latoly, tho boHt guaran teo for tho future. ' AVo refer to tho rupid louding both of tho Scottish Bard and tho Llldv JDouirluflk lllAfl nf Minim aramnl.1. — o — i wAHtitiuo aui£juuirs are tho boat judges. Tho Lady Douglas is" on tho ovo of sailing,, and it: will not b'o tlio fault of tho agonts if tho Scottish Horo. bo far bohind. Additions to School Buildings. — Tho girls non vested school iu Derb -street lias long; boon overcrowded, and, to provido nooominodn" tion! for tho inoroasing numbor of applicants both of Protestant and Catholio children, it was dcoidod, not long ago, to cnlargo tho aohool buildings. Tho alterations imff addi tions liavo beon commenood, and wo undorstand that tho present aoooinmodation will be nearly doubled. Funds, bowovor, are wanted, and there being no Government grant towards tho orootion of non-vostod school buildings, self liolp is all tho more nocossary. After a littio consideration, it was deoidod to givo tlie publio an opportunity of contributing, und for this purposo a soiree' will bo held somo ovoning during tho ensuing week. AVo aro not yot in possession of the details, but wo beliovo tlioro will bo nothing wanting to complete tho oujoy-: ment. The Parson in Trouble.— Soiiio short timo ago un individual now under tlio oaro of Mr. Slioohy was iutroduoed to ouo of tho fair spx, and oscorted hor homo from a f riond's liouso whoro sho hud boou spondiug tho ovouing. During tho walk homo somo oonvorsation took pluoo, in tho courso of whioh hp reprosoutod liimsolf as a Mothodist Ministbr ; undsuobbedod iu onrryiug out tho churaotor by singiug a fow iiymns-and doing a littio oxtoinporo proaoliing before a small but soloot uudioueo ut the lady's rosidouco. 8ho aftorwards missoil a gold ahniii, lookot and purau, uml gavo information to Detootivo Long, with a description of tlio " parson," whioh tallied oxaotly with that of a porson lutoly committed for trial oa a ohnrgo of forgory. Long took tho lady to tho gaol, aud tlio idoutiiioation was ut ouoo established ; whilo tho artiolos found ou the .priaonor,.whon previously arrostod, woro olaimod by the lady as hor proporty. It is hardly nooessary to ' stutb that thoucouspd is James II. Highton. Rookhampton Light Infantry.— This com- puny is boing vory badly treated by the authorities iu Brisbane ; and .what is more, it sootiis impossiblo to got redress or oveu to olioit a roply to any romonstrnneo. Lottor aftfji- letter has boou forwarded to : liond- quartors, but tlio oirrosponilonoo— if a soi-ios of cou muuicatibiis ou onu' sido may bo so doBignatod — has beon simply ignored. Tills is a most cifootivo plan, liowovor othorwiso objootionablo. Tlio bprden of tlio complaint is that nn invidious dlBtiuotiod'is.mndo botwoon 'tlio lilglit/.InfpnUi'.Uomnxn 4ho othor divisions of thb | Q.1V.R.B.. Fir'cxamplo, No. 4 Co., (Rooklijimptbri) isj jprfividod by tho Goyp.fnmofat .iblth .si; drill-room :pnd R drill- iustruotor; while, hitherto, No, 11 Co. (Rook- hnmpton) lias boon oompollcd to dud both for -tliomaolvoa, ut thoir own oxponao,. or do nothing? Slumtly before tho eloso , of tlio session, tlio, Govenimont- assured lyir.' Buz'uoott that tlio quontioti.of drill-instruotiou would bo uttonded 'to ut 'or'ioo'i but ndthiujflias yot been dono iu tho mattor, and it- is impossible iliow to get a reply to a singlo oommunioation on tho sub- joct. If suoli ridiculous distiuotions are to bo inado iu tho vohintoor servino' tlio Qovernmont hud hotter diabaud thoir fproos at ouoo, . for tliey will novor mako anything of thom. Mon of - any spirit will simply " oliuok " i tlio whole thing up, as tho chairman of ooinmitteus would any. Again, No. 4 Company roocivod u. re quisition about uniform; No. 11 roeoivod none. Still, wo do not attuoh much importiinoo to this omission, sinoo tlio granting of uniform to n now oorps cannot bo based upon ollioioucy and attention to drill; and especially as tho Light Infantry , havo tho ohodaing of thoir own uniform. ' Tho sovoiith rulo prdvidos that " Tho Uniform shall bo sclootod ut a goncrul mooting ot tho moinbors, and submittoil for tho approval of tho Govornor." Accordingly, photogrupliB of tho uniform and undress liavo beon taken for transmission to Briabano. It might strike - any ono ns absurd tlint, in tho mattor of driU-iustruotioil, whioh is-of primary Ai(ijiuiiiuuuu|. uuiiipuuiua iu nuu ouiuu wwii should ho troatod so dill'oroutly. Thoro must bo somotliiug at tho bottom of it, aud ovory oifort should bo mudo to disoovor what it is. Rookhampton Benevolent Society. — Tho usual monthly mooting of tho conimitteo wuit hold at tho School of Arts yostorday uftornoon. Tlicro woro present tlio Ludy Prosidont, Mrs Huutor, .who oouupiod tho oliair.; Mrs. Hoad- riok, MrB. Look, Mrs. R. Hartley, Mrs. Ferguson, Mrs. Orr, Mrs. Thomson, tho lluv. AV. Look, and Itov. It. Hartley. Tho minutes of tho' previous neotiug woro rend und aonfirmod,' and letters ron-i, (1) from tlio Colonial Secrotury agreeing with the opinion of tho cbinmittco as to tho fjrootbu of uu Asylum, and- stating tlmt a sum would bb plncod on tho ostimatos equal to tho aoiouut raised for tho purposo by privuto contribution ; (2) from tho, ltov. W, Looko ' appreciating tho .efforts of thp suoioty,. and enolosiuf a obequo for £2 us a monthly contribution ; (3). from tho manager A.J.S. Bank with' s1 donutiqu of £1. from tho Rov. Mr. Horan; .and. (-1) from Mr. BuSohol ,on- olosing okequo for £1 Is., tho uuiount received by Mr. -Mcrson for his musical services and returned by hiui as a contribution to tho society's fuuds. Tho following district reports woro reud : — No. 1 : ltoliovcd, 1G adults, 29 ohildrbn ; expenditure, £9 0s. 9a. No. 2 dis- triot : 5 " adults, 4 children ; oxpondituro, £5 lb. lid. No, 3 distriot (Novorabor) 3 adults, 7 ohildrou ; oxpcnditurp, . £o 4s. 2d. (Daooiubcr) : 7 adults, 8 children ; oxpondituro, £5 lis. 2.jd. No. 5 distriot (Novombor) : 0 adults, 11 children; oxpondituro, £7 9s, ljd. (Dooombor) : 5 adultB, 10 ohildrou ; oxpondi turo, £4 15s. 6d. Tlio tumporary asylum report stated tlio numbor of inmates for tho uioulh to bo : 8 adults, and 3 children ; and tlio oxpondituro, £13 5s. Tho Ludy Prosidout stated thut a cheque for £80 4s. Gd. had been paid in to tbo Bank of N. S. AValos, as tho net proooeds of tho oxbursion, und further tlint tho success of tho nffuir was mainly dull, >kmJ>'VSflSJ£irUfaikrfr imtl to whioh sho at oneo took tho respon sibility of agreeing,' ns there was not suffix oicut timo to call tlio oommittco together to consider tho quostion. A motion was thon carried unanimously— "'That tho warmest thanks of tho oommittco ura duo to Mr, AV H. Busohel for his kind offices and bonovolont iis-sistunoo iii aid of tho Socioty." ' A voto of thanks was nooorded to tho A.S.N. Co. for their kiniluoss in reduoiug tlio ohorgo for tho steamer, and to Captain Cottior, whoso courteous-behaviour und uttontiou to tho oom- fort of tho excursionists -oontributod greatly to tlio pleasure of tho trip. Tho monthly aooounts having boon pussed, tlio meeting terminated. Fiji.— AVo havo lilos to tho 16th December. Tlio following is oxtrao'tod from tho Times ;— Thoro sootns to ,bo a hankering uftor responsi ble govornmont 'again, as tho Tcmes reports Abut in answer to certain quostious or suggos- J-ions with rospoot to ropresontativo institu tions put to the Governor at tho meeting recently hold ut Vuua Point, wo 1 urb informed ' that His Exoollonoy replied " that self-govern ment was by far tho host form of govornmont for nil mirHnM whnrn (tin hoahL r.. -.w.w ».w fvuiu wutg uuiu CO govern thoinsolvei, but that ho anticipated 110 oliungo in tho constitution of tt oonutry suoli as this was. It was not likely that the powor of govorning tho oolony would bb granted .oithor tq tho mass.of tho people, who woro not ftt for it, or to a small -oligarchy of difforcnt 'ruocs.and iutorest from tho mass of tlio pooplo." Tasmania. — From Launceston and Hobart Town papors to tho 2Gtli Deoembor, wo Ic-aru thut tho City of Hobart olaira, Mutliinna, crushed 155 tons of stoue, whioh yielded 200 ouuoos retorted gold, giving nn avorago. yiold of I ozl 6 dwta. to tho ton ; tho atono for tlio crushing was taken from tho 470-foot lovol, tlio grcatost dopth uuy- niiuo haa boou workod iu litsmuiiia. — lima do Murska appoarud at tho Tpwn Hall oa tho 23rd Deoombor, to a smtili audisuao. — A largo pionio was given by tlio' Muyor of Lnuuooaton to tho oflioors of H.M.S. Sappho. — A rooont analysis mudo by Mr. E. AV. Woodguto of thu wutor supplied to tho town of Launcoston confirms tho gouoral' impression us to its purity and . its favourabio comparison with tho supply of many othor towns in tlio Australian colonios. Luxurious Yaohtinq, — Mr. Brossoy (says tlio European Jl tail) is muking a lung voyage in his steam yaoht Sunbeam. Tho yaoht is a spleu- did spooimou of naval arohitooture, and is fitted out in tlio most luxurious stylo. Mr. Brussoy seoks to onjoy tlio nctivo life of uu English goatlerann with ull tho comforts which tho possession of iminouso wealth plaoos at his uonimund. Ho will visit Monto Video, Vul- purniso, China, aud Australia, and, no doubt, as au uouto observer and au-oduuatod man, his excursion to thoso oouutrios will produoo im portant fruits ia the politioal oaroor, ho now pursues ns ono of tho loading members of tho British Hauso of (luminous. A Free Church Minister on Danoino. — No Blight sonsation lias boon created iu Glen- shiel, Scotland, by tho Rov;4 Mr. Miiokay; of tho Froo Ohuroli, donounoiog from tho1 pulpit tho holding of a ball givpn by tlireo of tho prinaipal farmors in tliul distriot to tho shonp- hords nnd others in thoir ouiployniout. Tho rov. gontlomun threatened to withhold from 'thoso who attended suoK!''eiitbrtninmehts tho privilogos of bnptisin und ohureli uiemborship, uud oharaotoriso'l dunoiiig ns an immoral und profano pruotioo, whioh led' its vutarios ou tho broad putli loading to dostruotion,' and ought, thoruforo, not to bo toleratod among professing Ohrisliaus. Tho Established Ohuroh minister of tho parish, it Booms was : present at ,tho ! entortuinmont roforrcd to, whioh, wo aro in formed. wus of a most orderly, iunoOont, and enjoyublo oharuelnr. Tho furmers oohoornotl aro indignant at tlio uotioo lukoii of tho matter. - ' ' - > - Arsknio Poisoning. — A vory curious onso of nvsonio poisoning, says the Graphic, is ro portod from Paris. A rich lady) rosiding in tlio i1 nubourg.St. Honorb,. found ,-liorsclf grniy.- ing vory ill,.ati'd ilio doofbr prbnouiiobd' lior' to' bo suffering from somo slow poison. Miida'mo X, rejootod this idea us |absurd ; but, oh rising, ono mornin'giS fotiud "a gluss of water, .wliioli was usually placed by hor bodsido to bo diH- oolornd by u whito fllmy powder. On showing this(tp tho dpptor ho at onoo, dpplarpd. it.to-.bii Arsonlb,- Airinquiries failed to doteot tho otiU' prit, and thqnext night mndamo filled thogliiss herself nnd kbpt onroful ' wntoli that no ono moddlod with it. Novortlieloss. in. tho morning tho Iriiit'd'p'Sivdbr again "ninde its uppuitraiioo,' nnd tlio dootor .was' fairly ut his wits' ond to find thu oauso. Finally ho disoiivurad that his natiuut was in tho habit of roudinir in hnd. nnd for that reason cundlon woro kopt burning all night in her, room'. Thoso oandles, of a ilnzz- llng whiteness, had boon strongly impregnated willi ntsonip ..during their jileuohiug. proocss, uud tho nrsoiiio, been niing voliitilimid by tbo oombustion, thus poisoned. tho uir.of tho bed-: room. ; , ;.. ,.... Sions and Omens.— Au ' old1 gentloinaiil 1 wlioio stylo wiis Germanized, was ' nskod what bo thought of signs ahd omens., " Voll, j, don't ditiks mouoh of dom. dings, uud I don't- beliovo ovorydings ; but I dells you somodimos dcro is somodings ash doos dings. Now do odor night I sits und roada initio papor, und tnino frau sho speaks uud say—' Fritz, do dog is howling " voll, I dou't dinks luooah of doin dings,- und I goes ou uud ronds mino papor, unil initio frau sho say — Fritz, floro is somo- diugspnd is. happcu— dor dog ish huwliugl' Uufl dou I gotsliop init ininosolf und look out troo do wines on tlio poroh, uud do moon was shiuin', uud mino lettlo dog ho shouuip right up und down liko ovorydings, und ho park lit (let trinntt. (Iilf. VIIU ultllirt uit liMivltf. uu nnvni< vrttu Und ash I hnuldod mino hot in do winder; do' ol' voomuti sho say ' Mind, Fritz, I dolls you dor ish somo pad isli happen. Do dog ish howling 1 Veil, I goes to pod, und I shloups, nnd all night long vcn.L vukos up dor vas dnfc dog howling outsido, vorshur ash novor. Und iu tho morning 1 kits up und kits tniuo preuk- fast, uud miuu frau alio looks at mo und say,! worry solomu— ' Fritz, tloro ish soinediugs pud ish happen., , Do dog vas howl ull night.' Und slioost don do nowBpupor onmo iu, uud I opens him, und by shingo, vet you dinks 1 dor vus a man died in I'hiludolpliiu ! " — Detroit t'r'eo Press. ' " ' A Scotoii Testimonial,-" Buliomiau," in tho .Week, tells tlio fulluwiug good story :— A Presbytoriuu minister . iu a neighbouring town was so ill supportod by his uoiigrugatioii: f.ltith )in WiiH nlilirrnil fit rnuirm Nn Lurl borrowod £80- from a mombor of' that "nou- grogation, which ho had not tlio ghost , of a ohuuuo' of repaying. " That' mombor suggested to the other mom hers tlio propriety of getting - up a money tostimouiul to tho retiring minister aud prosoutiug it to .him us a parting gift. Tlio thiug was ngrood to, und' tho gontlpmuii who suggested it was miidc treasurer of tlio. fund. When tlio subscriptions woro nil iii;' thoy amounted to thirty pounds two aud six pence. Tho treasurer of tho fund-wont and bought a now purse, for whioh lib pitid' two shilliugs, got six pouuywortli of now bronzo coiu, which ho put into tlio. purso along with a rcooiptfor tho thirty pounds borrowod money, and thon formod - ono of a deputation to the luinistor, to prosout liim with tho purso of tnouoy nuu u very liauoring uuuress. Alio- luiuisicr was a Sootsinnii too, aud therefore it is, .scarcely noecssary to say tlmt ho: thoroughly , appreciated tho slorn probity and business. liko olinraotor of- , tbo trims- > notion, and was quito overcome by! tho 'deli-'- ouoy, tnot, itud discretion with whioh the thing was ourriod out from first' to lusti I have uo doubt that minister loft his ohurgo with > u : light hourt nnd a clear conscience. -Ho was out of dobt, and undor no obligation to nny ono except for thoir kindness in rolioving liim ot his burden.' - Now 'that way :bf h'olping a man will noyor domoruliso him. Ou.tbeoon-. trary,at will: fbuoh'hiin le'ssoiis of' s'elf-roliunob and- self- respect, which ho is novor iikoly to A I- Ix, " The population of England now amounts: to 24,000,000- porsons, distributed ovor about 80,000,000 noros of oultivnblo liind. Thoro is, therefore, ouo porsou to ono and a; quurtor aores, wliorons in most of tho othor kingdoms of Europo thoro aro ubout five acres of luud to onoli porsou; aud ou tho.ontiro sur- fuoe of tho earth, oxolusivo of tlio arotio zones,, ubout tou acres of laud to onoh ;peison ; or, nftor a fair doduotion for uninliabitablo dosorts and mountains, probably seven or eight noros of oultivnblo land to ouoli person." Now at tlio present rate of increase of population, tho English, people uud pooplo of English desuont would in twenty gonorutio.ns havo ,so inorousod as to require fifteen worlds as populous us our ciirtli now is for thoir habitation. Ratlior uu uwkwurd Btnto of things 'this to look forward to ! : But, moroovor, bow iB this continually, increasing population to bo fed P Can wo: al ways ouloulato on otlio'r'nniions supplying .thorn 1 with food undor ill! obiiocivablo oireunistunbos, for it is cortuih that, lipon them, wo must do- poudP On this point ho said:— ".It did. not, appoar to have .--truck any porson thiit ciroum- ' Btanoos might ariso in which thoro would bo u dofioionoy. - Tho' Customs returns show that about 40 por oout. of the most iuiportnut artiolos- of tho food of tho peoplo now cornea from uoronu, ana tuis, too, tor tuo daily Huston tation - of tho oxisting population of 24,000,000; a per- coutngo which, your by year, will bo aonsibly added to us tho population augmouta'. AVo look at our Bonrd of trado nnd at our OustomB ro- turus ; wo rojoico because wo find' so many mil lions of oxports and so many other millions of imports, aud wo oxelnim with vust exultation, t Was thoro over so great a nation us tlio Eng- But wo ore oblivious of thp fact that, out oxports consist of commodities wo. bnunot catj whilet our imports oousist largely.- of ooin- moditios without which, wo shoald starvo. Now I jisk you whothor a lintion oun, iu tlio- propor sonso of tho word, truly say of itself.'1 1' urn groat,' so long as it is unable, if nood'bp'; to maintain itself ?"—Mr. JIawksley's tuldress ut tho Social' Soicnoo Congress, Liverpool: " : " Serious Case at- Sorrento.— An acoidont, attoudod by very ' painful circumstanobs, occurred ntSorrputo on Christmas moruiug.- It apponrs that -a youiig lady from Sandhurst, with somo Melbourne acquaintances, - arrived at Sorrento ou Saturday, and put'. , un at tho ooropany's hotol. Tlio youug person informed tho lady mauagor soou ufter her arrival that sho was not iu vory good health, '-ami -had oowo down from Sandhurst, whoro sho was under tucdiottl attendance, to rooruit. f On tho day uftor hor urrival sho was very sic!;, retoh- iug violoutly, aud iu tlio ovouing sho pvoforred a request to bo put into r.uothor hodroom, tlio request boing ncoedod to. Ou Christiniis moruiug tho yardmau of tho hotol gavo iufor- mation that lie had discovered thp body of- a nowly born infiiut iu tho .earth olosct of tho corridor iu wlnok tho young lady 's bedroom was sitnatod. Tho manager at ouco instituted iin inquiry among tho servants as to whothor auyouo iu tho liouso had boon ill during tuo night, but eould lonm nothiug. Rooollootiug tho oonvorsation with hor visitor, sho noxt proceeded to hor room, whoro alio found hor stnudiug at lior glass dressing. Aftor some conversation, iu tho oourso of whioh the visitor stated sho had boon very sick during thp night tho lpanngor asked hor if she hnd given birth to a ohild during that poriod, to whioh she replied, " How can you ask , mo such u quostion.' Suspioiou being in no way allayed, Trooper Forgis, of I'ortsea, ivas quiokly sont for, tho visitor in tl)o meuutinio prooooding to tho publio tablo to breakfast. On tho trooper's arrival sho wns su nmoiiod to, lior room, whioh wus oxamincd, and sulUciout' wus discovered to 'wurriiiit tho, trooper in arresting lior, niul Oonvoyng hor 'to 'Portsda. ' It is stated that sho ooufossod tl;o wl:e|o iilutioi' to thp ootistabio, uffogiug that alio did not know tho state sho was in. 8tops linvo beon taken to communionto with her friends at Sandhurst, who aro vory rospootnlilo people,— livening News. New Caledonia. — Tho Saturday Iler.icm writes respecting Now Caledonia: " It ia oor- tii.jnlj-.Jo'b'O'rprotted that our Iinporinl ally in (fipOtymoiin wpr of 1864 was nllowodat tlqit tliho, by taking Fronoh loavo, to possoss lifm-v pelf of | Now'Oalodonia. This not was ooolfy porpotrutod! in spito of tho protest of Sir Qcorgo Groy, at a timo wlion tho island; notuully stood as British territory named iff tho commission of n oolonial Govornor. By. our condonation of this rnthor uiidnoious PXP.lpit-r, almost, thp, puly. ppriPt.inanppo.f.NapA'- leon III;, oxoopt tho ' rovondioution' of Savoy;' whioh inndo uu'y pormnuout uddition tit tlio French Empire— a plnoo of transportation, oddly puoiigh, was provided for tlie i Parisian .. GommuniHtn"bf 1871. Our'AustrhliaTiooiouists now wistfully imaglpo that: tlioy: oould havo put that largo island, otio of (look's happiOHt Hitiitrtunt'Snu fn mnrn nvnfl f.iililn llHft . OI1I' missionary sooiutios doploro tho oxtlnOtion of < llioir touobiug in the adjuoout Loyalty Islutids. But wo soarooly oonour in' ilio npprohonsiotis somotimos expressed of a -"pmisiblo future duitgor to our ooloiiios, or to tlioir maritimo : trade, from this French acquisition of a naval liatbor iu tho.-. AVost. 1'uaifiu. . If over; un- lluppily, war should ariso, Now Caledonia ought not to bo loft six; wouks under tbo | French flag ; it could, and pliuiild, by an easy stroke, bo restored to our Australasian system. Tlio colonial ....Gavornmouts thoiusolvos, if ' Iiaporial FcitoriiHou' monns tboir uotivo co operation In tlio wars of thp British ompire, ought to bo readily aapublo of raising aud using, for that purposo, u sufficient naval foroo, AVo rely on tlioir Htriotly rospocting, during a p'enco , wliioli wo trust, may novor bo brukon; tlio oxisting rights of Friiuoo ovor Now Caledonia." ' ' The Little Diokenses.— A : paragraph is going tho rounds of tho papers just now about u littio nopliow nnd niceo of- tho Into Charles Diokoiis, who aro only kopt frotn tlio work hohso at Amboy, Illinois, by a poor old oouplo- wlio liavo found tho ohildrou a homo sinoo thoir mother died. Nearly ovorybody who roatlB this paragraph gusbos ovor it and says, " AVhat a pity-! what a shatno 1 tiint tho poor children pf suoh nn undo stionld bu, allowed to bo fed, lodged, anil clothoil by tlio olnirity of ;stniugors." Yot tho same paragraph goos on to state, that their Into futhprwas a drunkon, unprinoiplo sboundrol, who rtosertod liis wifoin England wlion sho lost, her oyesight, und eloped with a sohoot girl to America. As ho Was tho brothor of tbo groat novolist, bowovor, iutorest was brought to boar, and 11 good billot wns found him in tho Land Department of tlio Illinois Central Railroad. . But ho spout liis monoy us fast nH ho got it, sponged on liis brothor, and ovorybody olso within ronoli, got discharged from liis billot for miscondnot, and nt length dcsortoil bis second wifo and tho t wo ohildrou abovo referred to. Ho spimged liis way through tbo States, und to Australia horo, his brother's groat reputation being liis only onpitnl ; but it wus sufficient j it - prbourcd him froo quartors iu ovory town and township ho visitod; pound-notes, half- sovereigns, luilf-orowus, and uiilimilod drinks nt bush' publio liousos — for tho ' .poorest biiBliiiinii knows nnd appreciates Charles Diokens. ThiB Augustus, Dlokons was at Bris bane lioro for a fow days twolvo or thirteen years ago, I romombor, a bloated, shabby, dirty lonfor. Ho died a . pauper and nn - outcast —SB ho was bound to bo, in spita of fate and all tlio help of all tho pooplo in tho world. Tho poor victim whom ho seduced aud took to A morion with bim. 'iivod in utter misery for a numbor of years, and nt last poisoned horsolf, nud lior two otnldrori. havo. beou with, this old couple nt Ambuy, Illinois, ovor sinoo. The pity" and tho sliiimo" of the whole m'aticr in that such n mnn should find peoplo foolish enough to show him kindness of which ho was unworthy— simply because; Ilia brothir' Was a great gbnius.- Tt 13 tho best thing' that could ''happen to tho two ohildroti'nt Amboy, Illinois, that tlioy nro 110 longer 'under tho blitliing influeuoo of so'oli a fatlier ; und it will bo tbo' worst thing that oould happcu to them it thoy arc doludo.l into tho idea that because thoir uncle was a great and gi(tud mnu, tlicro- foro thoy havo n clnim, ou tlio rending publio of tho wholo'world and ought not to bo eoin- polled to .earn their own living by lmrd hoiiost ....... i-,.u nuuucr w.o leiirn to uull tlllllB thoir right uuines tho bnttor " Bohominu in tho' Week. Gai.lant Resoue from Drowning at Sea. Tho S. A. lteyisier mentions tho following , inoidont which ooourrnd during tho puasago of the Clyde from Plymouth to Adelaide : On the 17th Ootobor tlio ship was in' 930' north, 18 'west, with all sail sot to a: broozo, had goln" at seven knotB per hour. Ono of tho immi 'grants, Miohuol Molinoux by imme, had, against orders, scrambled ovor tho hows, uud' was fishing from somo position on tho kend<mar. Suddonly -ho lost his hold and foil overboard' but boing porcoived by a seaman nnmod Janios 1 Kolly, who wus somewhere in tho fore-rigging tho sontnnn flaw at a glanoo tho poor follow could not swim, and thoreforo was iu immi- 'nont diuigor. There was 110 tiino for hositn 1 lion,- und ho took a bold houdor aftor him; and Iin less: timo than it takos to write it ho had collared his man boforo ho sank. The alarm had instantly set people 011 deok on tho quivive and a youngster who wns engaged at work, on tho i poop nt , onoo saw J the atato '.of affuirs, soizod a life-buoy, whioh ho pitohed us near as possible 'to the men, and then, taking with him .anothor, ho mado straight ovorbonrd. By this moans ho' not only supported hiuisolf, biit was enabled to ...... .... '" «uiuwu . uuuy 10 r,ne men, 111 :tho water. Siuiultanoously tho liolin of tho ship wns jammed hard down, aud tho qunrter-bont's crew woro nt thoir stations with tho greatest celerity. Fortunately tlio boat wus fittod witli Clifford's patent lowering apparatus, and, tho full being out, tbo boat droppod away oloar of, the, ship, and pulled rapidly to thief hiou. Tho rcsouo was complotcd, und it was computod that in twelve minutes tbo purty wore back to The aKip. So' muoh admiration was shown for tho gallant oouduot of the mon that a subscrip tion Gist amongst tho people soon -realised a sutn of £8; which wus plaood iu tho master's hnnds to purohaso for tho men a momonto of tho doriug oonduot whioh, so promptly tukon, resulted in saving tlio life of tho muu. 