THE PROCESSION WHICH THE POLICE DID NOT STOP. When Bailey and Cooper proposed to parade Up King-street and Pitt-street, their progress was stayed ; The Bobbies, drawn up in terrible baud, Arrested their progress with truncheon in hand. But here's a collection — each reptile and beast Is equal to any two others at least ; And the elephant Noah confined in the Ark 's Well known as a duffer compared to old Parkes ! The trumpets are blown, and in order they fall ; They march down the street to Macqnarie-street Hall , They march through the doorway, and Axam & Co. Do not even a.v Vw their passes to show. First marches the elephant, waving his trunk — His Driver appears in a deuce of a funk. And looks but the veriest atom and speck, Astride of that mighty leviathan's neck. Saul Samuel and Piddington loll at their ease In the howdah, enjoying the evening breeze ; And while the sun's rays on their canopy flash, The one dreams of letters, the other of cash. There 's Lloyd on a donkey, his face to the tail, His features are ashen, distorted, and pale ! And he looks like the shade, or the wraith, or the ghost Of one of the mighty Sennacherib's host. Next Suttor comes on, and he sticketh like glue To the slippery back of the fleet kangaroo ; In the office of Justice the work being slack, He's off on a species of "wallaby track." On, on doth the wondrous menagerie pass, The lizards and leopards, the snakes in the grass, And the monkeys and apes, neither little nor few, From the plains of Woollahra and Woolloomooloo. There are magpies and owls, there are parrots as well, And the length of their tongues sure no mortal can tell : There are birds with sweet voices, and others with rough, There are birds that are downv, and birds that are tough ; There are vultures, and ravens, and eaglehawks there, And they prey, but they never indulge in a prayer I They rend the still air with their cries and their shrieks, And they snap and they rattle their ravenous b< aks. There are carrion crows, and they carry on games That might well make 'em blush ; but unhappily shame 's A thing about which, if we 're right in our guess, They know very little, and care even less. There 's the ostrich, the emu, the owl, and the bat ; 1 There 's Terry the Terrv-bull, Hoskins the rat ; There 's Windeyer the Whin-deer, or Parkes's mon goose ? And mercy protect us if e'er they break loose ! 