NEW LAMBTON ROAD. (To the Editor of the Herald and Advocate.) Sir,-I see by the report of the Hamilton COUNCIL that they are going to apply to the Government for a sum of money to complete the New Lambton Road to their boundary ; and not befobre it was wanted, I think. That portion of the road on the New Lambton side is metaled, but the metal has not im- proved the road much, as it is almost impos sible for any vehicle or pedestrians to go through without being stuck up; in fact, if the trustees do not make any better progress than they have up to the present time, the road will not be fit for traffic in our genera- tion. The wheels of the lightest vehicle go right through the metal on to the logs. I agree with the remarks you made in your leading article some few days ago, that there was not a mile of good road from Newcastle, no motter which way you might go. It is not very pleasant to travel up to your eyes in mud where we ought to have good roads. A ghost appeared last Thursday night-- A tall and slender frame "A Skeleton of the Workmen's Rights," I believe that was its name. At lirst my courage failed me, As the ghost it to me said, " You are no hundred thousand pounds, I stood like one bewildered, Not knowing what to do. Between here and New Lambton We held our interview. "O, pray, what spirit are you," With trembiing voice I said, "Or what on earth does trouble you, Pray, where's your body laid?" "In Macquarie- street in Sydney - If ever there you go. Five of of us there got poisoned One night, all in a row, Tlrrough no mistake or suicide, But strong against our wills: The doctors forced them down our throats A hundred thousand pills," "That's twenty thousand pills apiece; They must have been very small; Your case must have been hopeless When they have killed you all. How many doctors had you? I should like to know their names, If ever, in necessity, Not to employ the same.' "'There were thirty doctors present That on pills could not agree. Just have a look at the Sydney Punch, It shows the massacre. Our names all there appear in full, Without imagination ; Likewise the name of those deadly pills The Want of Immigration." Some hundreds here are very ill, And almost in starvation ; At Lambton there is not a few Without home or habitation.' Not long ago in Lambton, too, And many neighiouring places, These pills on many here Proved fatal in all cases. All you that live a warning take, Let you be rich or poor, On those great pills make no mistake, Against them bar your door; And tell them of the ghost you met Upon the Lambton hillls, No clothing but a fisher's net, Through purchasing those pills. If I but had the power And don't you think it fair The hundred thousand pounders. Would sit no longer there. I'd give each one a paste pot, Provide them well with hand-bills, And make them paste up all the lot On immigration pills. Now, at the next election. (And that may be ere long), Beware of all their quackery, Their pills are rather strong. Perhaps they might send canvassers For to declare their skill; They'd try to turn a black crow white In favour of these pills. Now, mark my words, l'm going away. And mind this midnight call When on my body's inquest, In Plattsburg, in the Hall. This week we'll have an inquest Held here on your remains, And those that brought it forward Shall take the greatest pains; And if its brought out murder, (Which many think it will), We'll hang their hundred thousand up, And do without their pills. The ghost is gone, and I'm alone With all this information ; It proves to me a bare shin-bone This want of immigration. Besides this hundred thousand pounds That's voted for immigration, Will fill our young Australian land With hunger and starvation. If we were 500 miles up the country pros pecting we should not expect anything better, but here, where there is a large population, as you stated in your article, I think we ought to have better roads than at present. There is the crossing at the Australasian line, enough to smash any vehicle that goes across it. Hoping, Mr. Editor, that these few lines will meet with your approval, and that you will find a corner in your valuable paper for them, I remain, A PEDESTRIAN. 