BETTING AGENCIES. The revelations of William Kurr teach us that the popular mania for betting upon horse rices, which was supposed to have attained its h 'ghost' development in the days of Davis the Leviathan, and of " the lists," is an avenue for fraud which we fear that even the experi ence of the present year will to powerless to close. It is evident that for many years William Kurr, in collusion with sundry as sociates/has been in the habit of opening bet ting agencies, sometimes in England, some times in Scotland, and sometimes on the Gou t-neat; which, have been extremely lucrative, aid were in point of faot neither more nor less than' frauds. Thus he states that in the August of 1874 he startod a "racing firm" 'in "''Adam-street, Strand, under the name of " Archer and Co.," and that when their pro- o ladings in Adath-street were Btopped by the police he transferred the business to jorignton, and'subsetpiently to Glasgow. The firm was colled the " Systematic IoveBtment Company," but no returns were ever made to the victims who intrusted it with their money. He con- fosses with charming naivete that the adver tisements of the firm were translated for inser tion"1 in Continental papers, and that " we made a great deal of money." He owns , that he was acquantsd with a man called Walters i" and it is probable that this Waiters was the same man who backed a horse belong ing to Sir Joseph Hawely, called "Vagabond, for the City and Suburban,, and headed a de monstration against the reforming baronet to hoot bim for scratching bis horse because he had been forestalled in the market. Un doubtedly the contumely to which Sir Joseph was thuB exposed had not a little to do wiih driving him off the Turf. It must be patent to "all that no stable secret can be kept from uhscrapUlous men 'armed with any amount of money, to bribe jockeys and stable boys, and to keep their army of touts on the waich at every training ground in England. But tli9 mie- chief is not confined, to this ocuntry alone. The ounning eatabliuhersTif " betting agencies" « 4Ua immoaonrnliln nrAHlilit-v cave uwwvoiou ww of foreign backers, and every nation in Europe is exposed to their alluring machinations. Thus, at the end of 1874 the newspapers of France ltaly, Russia and Germany were flooded with adveriisementa announcing that "The Genetnl Siciety of Assurance against Losses upon ihe -Tuif," had been - started in London; -with its " central office " at 25 Moor- eate-street, and its branch offices at every great racing centre in England. The bank of Eng land uhd the London and County Bank were proclaimed as its bankers; and many weeks elapsed"' before' the disclaimer of any know ledge of "Mri William' Osborne " and " Mr. Sydney.Montague " issued from the managers of the two banks in question. Thanks to >h« vionrous denunciation of this fraud ap- peared in one of our daily con temporaries, the police at , last stopped the registered letters addressed to " Sydney Montague ; and it was found that within six weeks nearly L5.000 bad been sent to bim from the Continent. It is ohr melancholy conviction that, notwifh- stmding ii»o nrimaskiog evidence of William Knrr, such knaves as the ed-called Montgo mery and Osborne and Montague will scon- fine somd. new device by which to entrap the fooliBh add avaricious public. The long list of aliases under which Ceueon, the Kurrs, and their oolleBgues contrived to rob Madame de Gonctiurt and her hapless fellow victims will;b'e impotent to teach caution to a new generation of simpletons. " Tilete is a fool bora every hour-," said one of these simpers to an informant of Mr.. Anderson, the member for Glasgow; " and, thank Heavens, the majority of 'ihem live 1" But bt least souie effort ought be made by Mr. Cross and Colonel Hender- Bfn do: protect society from knaveries against !vL:.'t'nMAr»o rtnurarlaaa hn nrnfrpfit it. vxqluu'lvbcauio — f-" — - sM)F.r; jWhen there is no lack of fools willing to Relieve that " a thousand pounds may be won. byi. sending twenty-four, postage .stamps " to' A. orjB.; it . is obvious that proficients and expertB'duch as Benson and Kurr, or their itpitatois 'are. never likely, to be without a long fiat. of foreign and domestic icliots ready to contribute money without stint to provide our modern pirates with gigs and: broughams of iteir own, and to ' enable them to live in arhianAruiii «t nnir fashionable town which thev may honour w jth . their oompany. - -Field. 