Calholicus' iuuJ 'The Track of BBistory.' j (To tho Editor of the ' Illawarra Mercury.') I Sir, — Rest and change of air arc considered good auxiliaries in restoring impaired health, but though 1 havo liacl both, yet 1 feel very little re lief. Perhaps it is the nature of Iny malady that has baffled the ordinary methods of recruiting tlio health. 1 am afraid medical men would be of little service either, as Popephobia has not, hitherto, formed part of the curriculum of tho Allopathist. ' Catholicus,' by his boasted chal lenge to ' gaze' along ' the track of history,' will no doubt cause many to examine, in a methodical manner, what thoy already knew only in scraps, and which gave tliern but. a very indefinite idea of tho colossal swindlo they had been gazing at for the period of their natural lives, but into the structure of which they never thought of looking, nor per haps never would, did not some of the Idol wor shippers themselves compel them to do so by some such boast as ' Catholicus' made. And, strange to say, when one of these champions, by overwean ing conceit in his ability, breaks the forbidden bounds and provokes discussion, ho instantly takes shelter behind some llimsy pretence, and manages to get up the howl of persecution, which rouses tho Faithful, who are now ready to condescend to the meanest stratagem to rid tho world of tho vilo heretics. Just picture to yourself a Champion Papist loudly proclaiming his readiness to ' gaze' along ' the track of history,' and in his next ut terance stating that ' Whether St. Peter was in Rome, whether St. Peter ate meet on Friday, whether St. Peter ever wore knickerbockers, or what ho was or was not, has no connection with tho question in dispute, Ac.' That is — St. Peter is not a historic character, St. Peter has nothing to do with the Church of Rome, or perhaps with any other Church. Mr. Anderson, then, may claim him as an Orangeman. Really, Sir, this is too bad, and, I think, too glaring to be mistaken by the most unlearned of ' C.'s' admirers. Be assured, Sir, I would not return to the sentma scntinarum (Vatican) wore it not that 'G.' and truth demand it. You may ask, why f I reply, the moral foetor that arises when you but touch tho precinct of that immoral fountain, is sufficient to give a delicate person like me the malady of which I havo already complained, and am still subject to, when I ' gaze' for any length of time on this foul streak in the clcar ' track of history.' But I must, however, reluctantly, pass onto those who falsely call tliemso) ves the ' 'Succes- sors of St. Peter,' and blasphemously assume tho title of 'Vicars of Jesus Christ.' (But 'C.' cares not what Peter was, or what ho was not — . not so, I trow, with other Papists). ' The Council of Pisa was convoked a. d. 1511, to check the frenzied Pontiff Julius II., the fire brand of war. To oppose this Council another was assembled at the Church of tho Lateran, called the fifth general Council of Lateran, a. d. 1512. J ulius died the following year, but the Council was continuod by Leo X. 'What must strike horror (says tho historian) into pious minds, are the names of blasphemy ascribed to tho Popes Julius and Leo, by Cardinal Cajetan, and by the bishops and speakers at the opening of this Coun cil.' (Spanheim's Ecc. Hist., Sec. 16, v.) It was said of Julius, ' He was the spouse of Christ and God's vicegerent ; ono who has made his mili tary prowess to be so dreaded by great kings, as none had done before (very like the meek and lowly Jesus, eh 1) ; ' one who ought to be adored, and who most resembled God, and was another God on earth.' If this is not blasphemy, perhaps ' Catholicus' will inform us what is 1 But this is not all ; Leo is styled ' tho lion of the tribe of Judali, King David, the Saviour, who was to come, King of Kings and monarch of the world, holding two swords, the spiritual and temporal, in whom should be fulfilled the prophecy ' all kings shall fall down before him,' ' to whom alone all power was given in heaven and earth!'' (Act Council Lat. v.) But I leave Protestant writers aside, and out of respect for the feelings of ' C.' and his companions I suppress some of the most glaring and shameful proceedings of the Popes, and quote again from tho Roman historian Liaromus. He says, ' What was the face of the Holy Roman Church ? (Ninth and tenth centuries when no less than fifty (50) Popes succeeded one another on tho Pontifical throne, possession of which they secured by fraud, money, or worse expedients.) How exceedingly foul was it ! when the most powerful and sordid courtezans ruled at Rome, by whose will Sees were changed, bishops were presented, and, what is more horrid to hear and unutterable, false Pontiffs, their lovors, wore intruded into tho chair of Peter (knickerbockers), who are only written in the cata logue of Roman Pontiffs to mark the times. For who can affirm that those who were illegally intruded by women of this description were la.vful Roman Pontiffs ? There was no mention whatever made of the clergy electing, or afterwards approv ing ; all the canons were closed in silence ; the decrees of the Pontiffs quashed ; the ancient tra ditions were proscribed, and tho ancient custom, in electing Popes, and the sacred ceremonies and prestine usages, were wholly extinct. Their mad lust, relying upon the secular power, and stimu lated with a rage for dominion, claimed everything for itself. Then, as it seems, Christ was evidently in a deep sleep, when theso winds, blowing so strongly, the ship itself was covered with tho waves.' No doubt ' C.' and his admirers will have discovered by this time that 'whether St. Peter was in Rome' is something, and a very material something, though his oatingand wearing is nothing ; and also that when ' brandishing the sword of Gavazzi,' my object was to show that Peter never was in Rome, from which follows tho inevitable conclusion that the Popish claim to Peter, .as first Bishop or Pope, is a myth, and so far as Peter is concerned tho .Popish Church is without a foundation. And trom what has been advanced, it is plainly evident that the Popish claim to Apostolic succession is a most impudent falsehood. There is a very material circumstance regarding Peter being in Rome that I neglected to state when 'brandishing the sword of Gavazzi,' and which I now take tho liberty of referring to, viz. : — Pope Pius IX., in the month of February, 1872, selected Canon Fabiani, an accomplished scholar and arclncologist, Signer Cipolla, a Priest of Rome, and Signor Guidi, whoso repute for talent and learning is considerable, for the purpose of meeting Sciarelli, a Neapolitan, Ribetti, from the Alpine valley, and Gavazzi, of Rome, on tho question' Was Peter ever in Rome?' Th# learned Canon Fabiani, in liis speech on the occasion, says, 'Lot us not argue as to his (Peter's) arrival in Rome ; a single day, I repeat, spent by St. Poter m Rome gives tho victory to the Thesis we defend.' But that he was even a day in Rome could not be proven, as is plainly shewn by the quotation already given from Gavazzi. But let us return, and finish up this ' track,' and take up the teach ing of the holy (?) men described, and tho results accruing from such teaching. Readers ! yon can judge for yourselves of the character of the Popes, from what has been said, though the ten thousandth part has not been said that could be, were it at all necessary. The Scripture saith that God resisteth the proud, and showeth grace to tho humble, and pronounceth blessings on the poor in spirit, and exaltation to they that liumblo themselves. St. Gregory says, ' Pride is tlio root.of all mischief,' and Augustine, that ' it niaketh men devils.' ' Can any man, then, which either hath or shall read the Popes' lives, justly say that they had the Holy Ghost within them '/ First, as touching that they will be termed Universal Bishops and heads of all Christian Churches throughout tho world, we have tho judgment of Gregory expressly against the.m, who, 'writing to Mauritius, the Emperor, condeimieth John, Binhop of Constantinople, in that behalf, calling him the Prince of Pride, Liicifors succesiior, and the forerunnor of Anti christ. St. Bernard also agreeing thereto saith, ? ^ i And Chrysostom pronounceth a territiL, ! tonco against them-aflirming plainly 6 ?' soever Seeketh to be chief V, earth i 'i'0- confusion in heaven ; and ho wliiol , find ! supremacy shall not he reputed ?unnnitr lfor i of Christ. Again he saith T i'g, 7™' i it is Erood : hot +„ , 10 a^odvvork. it is. more vanity. Do not these TOffidOTOv°nor' ! vmce their outrageous pride, in U,„S !' J j selves a superiority 'above all nH,n« '' - ministers and bishops, as Fin^s also and V, WeU ' But as the lion is lU-n o/ hi. ^7^ ! know these men by their deeds. What h n 15 I say of him that made the noble Franc^D i T i to be tied by the neck with ,.i, ? ?Uandalos ! flat before his table? tLr to J. ^ and-? ' dog? Shall we say' that he haft's HoTv£ ! within him, and not rather the spirit of tho rfi '?i I Such a tyrant was P(-»0 Clement . M,„ TiJ?0 d,?'' shall wo say of him that proudly and rw N tnously trod Frederick, the Emperor , ? 1?' H feet, applying the verse of the Psalm 'to h fmul® ^ flion sl.alt go upon the lion and the a£r ' young lion ami the dragon thou si, alt trca.l mt U thy foot I Shall wo say that lio hul t! . ^ Spirit within him, and not rather the spiriuft P wi t i n a yn'nt Was Alcxa-'l-ir tlio Third : What shall we say of him that armed am 1 nt - mated the son against the father, causin- ) i ' ( - be taken, causing him to be taken i ^ to be cruelly famished to death cont™ to tho law both of God and also of ,? ! i'- Shall we say that ho had God's Holy Spirit K him, aiid not rather the spirit of the dlvil) £ 1 a tyrant was Pope Pascal the Second. Wh«t2 * 5 we say of him that came into his Popedom like' U fox that reigned like a bon, and died like a do° 1 Shall wo say that ho had God's Holy Spirit within ! him, and not rather the spirit of the devil 1 s 'h ( ; a tyrant was Pope Boniface tho Eighth. WW i- shall we say of him that made Henry, the Em i peror, with lus young wife and his younc child ,'n i ? stand at the gates of the city, i„ theroufh winJer bare-footed and bare- legged, only clad in linsov- ? wolsoy, eating nothing from morning till „i„u b and that for tho space of three davs ' Shil1°wA f say that lie had God's Holy Spirit within him, and t-'- not wtner the spirit of the devil? Such a tyrant ! was Pope Hildebrand, most worthy to he called a - firebrand. Many other examples might be 'iron ' ' —as of Pope Julius the Second, that wilfully cast ' St. Peter s keys into the River Tibcris ; 0f ' p0D0 i Urban tho Sixth, that caused five Cardinals to lio i put in sacks and cruelly drowned ; of Popo Ser- r gius the Third, that persecuted the dead body of ? Formosus, his predecessor, when it had been : buried eight years ; of Pope John, the fourteenth, i of that name, who, having his enemy delivered i into his hands, caused him first to bo' stripped : stark naked, his beard to be shaven, and to be ' hanged up a whole day by the hair, and then to - be set on an ass, with his face backward toward the tail, to be carried round tho jcity in despite - &c.;, &c.;' j , -tsut, as a rebel to myself, and in charity to i | ' Catholicus,' I will refrain from 'gazing' any '-? longer on this streak in the ' track of history,' ! and hence conclude this chapter with the followinc £ additional reflections When wo find arroganco i and pride, euvy and hatred, contention' and f cruelty, murder and extortion, witchcraft and ? necromancy, prevail, as wo have found in tho j Church of Rome, there, we say, is not the spirit i of Christ, but of Antichrist. But where Faith, ?? Hope, and Charity provaileth, and if any man f liveth in accordance therewith, it is a plain token - that ho hath not usurped the namo of the Holy !:? Ghost in vain. \ PROTESTANT. j 