GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA ON THE WAR. Mr G. A. Sala writes to the " Illustrated Lon don News," from Constantinople, concerning the war as follows: — "The bodies of some S000 Englishmen moulder peacefully this (Scutari) graveyard. I fancy that in the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely those politicians must be mainly young men, or they most have very short memories. I remember the episodes of the Crimean war as though they had happened yesterday, for then, as now, I was earning my daily bread by literature and journalism, and the war brought me every day freBh materials for my pen. I was within an ace; in 1S56 of going to Sebastopol, but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who are middle-aged and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fail of the Mai ikoff ? Do you re member the Ghost's Derby Day in 1S55 ? Do you remember, when on the cliff at Brighton and the Marina at St. Leonard's you could scarely walk 10 paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Cheronese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari Hospital ? Are we to have those years of private agony and bereavement, of public blundering and mismanagement over again ? I suppose so ; glory is a very fine thing, I am only a pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory ; but I confess that my blood grows cold and that my heart sickens when I hear politicians pertly orat ing about the ' arbitrament of the sword,' and ' war clearing the atmosphere,' and so forth. I never met Glory yet, and I don't know what he or she is like ; but I have met War face to face half- a-dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into tho whites, or rather the crimsons of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sisters "who follow liiui wheresoever he goes. They are three sisters, and their names are ' Rapine,' ' Disease,' and ' Death.' This is, of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of looking at War. I cannot help it. I have seen only War's madness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and profli gacy, but famine and slaughter ; and I can but think that if the warlike politioans were to wit ness just half-an-liour of actual warfare as I have . witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, and in Spain, their martial ardour woulfi cool down a little, and they would not be quite so prompt to blow the bellicoso trumpet." 