HAUNTED. Hinnted— haunted ! Our^ life keeps drooping ? 7 fY^ar/by' jear, as we near Jibe abroad ; ~ S.tHVsas. time ages, tbe ehoftts come trooping, . 'kiln, 'an ever and ever* increasing crowd. When night come*, its dewy mantle throwing - . ? O'er, the parched brown grans and the sun-scorched ground, And the fitful, noise of the river flowing .Breaks the mournful silence that feigns around — The wailine voice of tbe river only, i v.. Save for. its sad note would all sonnd be dead— From the darkness that circles the camp-fire lonely I i ?_.. Gather strange phantoms with noiBeless tread, .fcven as guilty Clarence, Bleeping ''.. His restless sleep in the dungeon's gloom, .With the crimson blood stains its fair hair steeping*, ? Saw the pale shadow that shrieked of doom I So they come flocking, these phantoms, primly -.Arrayed in all garbs tbat humanity apes,, i, Through the eddying smoke-reek their eyes peer dimly, ? They assume all looks and they take all shapes. . But mostly in semblance of friends departed, They come and stare with a wild w* ird gaze, That quells the spirit, erstwhile bold -hearted, .With its bitter reflection of desolate dajs. ? A half-seen hand is outstretched for greeting, ' . UnfelC for years — still you know its grasp ; But you know full well, if yon court the meeting,' A skeleton hand would return tbe clasp. A girl's slight form, tbat was once hailed gladly, Bends down with a ne'er forgotten grace ; But the eyes tbat look into yours po sadly . Shine out of a dead and buried face. .Haunted— haunted ! Our life keeps drooping . .Year by year, as we near the shroud ; Still, as time ages, tbe ghosts come trooping, In an ever and ever- increasing crowd. When the soul, in its new-born thought awaking, \- From old-time fetters would fain arise, It finds itself bound by a chain past breaking, The icornful light in a spectre's eye*. You are cowardly spirits that come to daunt me, You shun the morn and the gladsome light : But your shadowy faces draw round and haunt me In tbe loneliest watch of tbe darkest night. You are cowardly spirits, to come upbraiding The soul with things it Would fain forget ; In the work of life it iff little aiding To recall the past. What avails regret ? Still, as the ''star-crowned night' grows older The ruddy embers will fade away, And ever darker 'twill grow, and colder ; But behind it all there will break the day. O baunting spirits ! Ye have areat reason To assert your power in the dead of night ; Man is then your slave for a time and season, . - But he breaks from your thrall with the morning light. Haunted — haunted! Our life keeps dropping ? - Year by year, as we near the shroud ; Still, as time ages, tbe ghosts come trooping, In an .ever aud ever- increasing crowd.. ,_ .',.'„' .' Queensland. DRAMINGO. 