Isfalkt ? : I&IaaescrHjable;,... ' { ' ... Here it is done; : 1 :The -WomaiitSbnl ieadeth ug.V,.,:.,:'; ;. Upward and on!" (Continued ) _,Gl£DY3, clad m a quaint costume of tarnished grey and silver daraaBk, singing in " the swcot voice of a bird" "Trim, 1'ortimc, tarn &>• -nice!, and^lowcr :iie cloud; : , :.-.:>-> - . - . . .. "Ito, Fortune, turn :thy;wheel Iwith'-smilo iad : "Wltli that. wild-rc-heel irega xiot-un nor down: :; - - ' Omhoni-a is JiMo.iratoui-hearts <ircsp-eat.. . ' 'fi:rJie iiid n-e OTiie, the lords of .mam- lands; "gjW- smile,-.ffielords of ornate hands '; ^xor.maji isman and-master of insfate.: .•-..' " : Ihy/wheeliraa thee we neither love nor hate:" . l'horc was something inexpressibly toncli. ing m the way Gladys gave the words, which had such significance addressed to those who listened so intently, .that they Beady forgot to pay the tribute which 111 actors, the greatest, the least, desire, when the curiam dropped, and "the song was done. " Axapitalldes ol Olivia's,ana besahfally earned out^'This promises iohe,pleaBsnt4" and Helwyze sat-erebi npon the divan, where Canaris cams to'lounge beside him- " ""Which-comes next' I don't remember. If it is Vivien, they will have to skip it, : unless they call yon in' ; forMerlin,"le said, talking gaily^ hecanee a little consoiencestrioken by the look Gladys wore, as she «ing, with her. eyes upon him, . " Our hoard is little, but our hearts aregreat." "They will not want a Merlin; for Gladys coald notaot.Vmen, if she would," answered' Helwyze, tapping restlessly as he waited. • •' She said she could do 1 anything' tonight;, and, upon my life, she looked as if (he might even beguile yon, ' mighty master,' oiyour strongest spell." . >., " She will never try." But both were mistaken; for, : when they looked again,-the dim light showed a dark and hooaed^shape, with glittering eyes and the semblance of a flowing, hoary beard, leaning half-hidden in a bower of tall shrubs from the conservatory. It was Olivia, as Merlin ; and, being of noble proportions, (he looked the part excellently. Upon the wizard's.knee sat Vivien, "Atmstof gold was round her hair; ":'•••'•':'' ''••"•' Jl xobe of saioite without ^ince, -that more exprest Itoiud her, clung about her lissome limbs, •'"' In colour like the eatm-Bhimng palm On si^om m the wmdygieams of March'" In any other mood, Gladys would novcr niTe consented to; be loosely clad in a great mantle of some Indian fabric, which shimmied like- woven light, with its alternate! itapaB of gold-covered siIk and softest wool. Shoulders and-anns showed rosy--vriiite under the veil of hair which: swept to her knee, as she clung there, singing sweet and low, with eyes on Merlin's face,--lips near his own, arid, head.upon-his ireastt— "In Love, if hare be Love, if Love be oars Jaith and mifaith.can ne'er.be eoualpoirers . Unfaithm- aughtiswantof faithinall. " .. It15 thelitde_z3ft'mtbm the late . - xhat by and by will make the music mnte, •-• And ever widening, Blowfly silence all- : *' Eie little Jiffc within the lover's lute, WrMte -V- That, rottmgmwara; alOTflv.3noiiiaers3>li.- r '"- \- . "Jit is not 3rorth42ie keeping: ietitgo: -: . • Eat eliftll.it 1 .-AnjrffBrvd-arlmffyanswer-flTo;' And trust one not ^.t -all crfdlonall- . •-••: There Gladys seemed to forget her part, .and, tunungj-atretched3ier..'arm6 towards Aer; tushaad, as jf jn mnBic she had found a tengue.^^leadjiierjwi^iwThe^nTOlnntaiyi gesture recalled-to her'that other Tense which WVenstLdded -i±b Jher^song, ,and something impelled ler^o jsmg-'ai,--(standing erect, with face, figure -voice -trembling "with the • «trong amotion, that ^nddenly -®ontrolled her — " Ky canie, onoc- mine, nowi!im*j IB cloudier nime.. xor fame, coiild'fame'be minej- iiiatfaziieweretliine; And phamc/OGuld.shaTnp bts thine/that eiiair.d -were 6o trasl mw, nrjt .at-jill or all : m all" Down fell the curtain there, and the two men looked-atone another .in 1 alenoe , for an instant, dazzled,-troubled, and auiynsed; for in this bnllianti jmpassioned.oreature ithey did not recognise the Gladys they believed thej knew so well. ••. ..- ,.•• •."What ^ossessedierto -sing jthatf:. :She is 80 unlike ierself> I. do not: Imow^ her,".said -.. Canaiis, -esoited by." the -discoveries -he ;=waa makmg- " She is inspired to-night ; BO be prepared for. anything. : These women =wi31) work Wonders, fornfchey. are aotmg to the :men they love," answered Helwyze, warily, yet excited also; because, for -him,^>a-double:draina ^ ifas pasEmg on that itrfcle stagej-.-and .'he found it marvellously fascinating. • "Inever JknfiWhowbeaufaful s h e : : masedGanaris. Mf -alondj iis eyes inpoii the bine drapenes which hid ier fern.iis sigit.) " Tou never «aw her m such gear-before Splendour suits her present mood, as well a( simplicity ^becomes her usual self-restraint •will prove herself a woman, after all'" "Is that the cause of thu inddtn change in her ? Then I don't regret playing truant, for the woman miit« me betttr than the »ngel," cried Cauns, conscious that the pale affeotion be had home hi« wife *o long »»« already glowmg with new warmth »nd colour, in spite of bii teeming negleot. "Wait till you see Olivia M £»ui»M»- laow (On OToaot nput «fc*t suspect she is willing to efface herself so far that she may take us by storm by and by." Helwjze proplieiied truly; and, when -next'the curtains -parted the stately Queen sat in th« nunnery of Almeabury, with the little novice at her feat Olivia teas right splenaid now, for ler sumptuoua beauty" well became the costly stuffs in whioh she' had draped herself with the graceful art o£ a woman whose physical loveliness washer best possession. A trifle <oo gorgeous, perhaps, for the -repentant .Guinevere; but a-inoBt grand and gr.icious spectacle, neverthel»ss, as-^he leaned in the tall carved chair, with jewejled arms lymg latiguidly aoross her iap, ihd absent eyes still full of Jove and longing for lost laiincolot Gladys, in wHle wimple and close folded ygown of grey, sat on a atool'beside -the "'one Aow iight,".Jhtimming softly, her rosary-fallen at her feet,— » - ' flu-Queenl akalM] nl ji^Bimai&mmsSaSmSS;^^ ^iQjjnaidectj Biigf- toai^inaaiiyS^iiSat'Ti ngfarLdTmb) . "' piSi^ti^m^Sei'l-'dSii^Seuniaitr Too late! loo;.lite! ye cimnot.eotef.r Too late!. too late! ye casnot enter now. -. • • ; i .. - iHave we not hiard tte bridogrooiais so sweet? ?' .' -' ©letiM'initho'^ate^to.laBS &feet;! i • j V Slowly. :the proud head - had : drooped, the stately figure sunk, .till, :as the last lament died away, 'noshing remained of splendid Guinevere but a hidden face, a cloud of black hair.from which.the crown had fallen; a heap of Tich robes quivering with " the stormy sofas--:of a.-guilty woman's smitten heart. - The curtains closed: on this tableau, winch was -made. the. more, effective by ths strong^oontrast.between the ' despairing Queen and the little novice : telling-her Ibeads in meek dismay. " Good heavens:! that sounded like the wail of a lost-souli -My blood runs cold, and I-feel as if I ought to say my prayers," muttered Canans, with a- .shiver; for, with his susceptible temperament, music 'always exerted over him an almost painful power- Ifyouknewany," sneered Helwyze whose eyes now: glittered, with something stronger than excitement. " I do : Gladys taught me, and I am not ashamed to own U." .. ; Much good may it do you." Then, in a quieter tone, .he asked, lf Is there any -song in : '^Elaine ?' I forget; and. that is the only- one we have not had." " There je 'The Song of Love and Death.' Gladys WHB learning it lately; and, if Iremem- \ her rightly, it waBieart-rendmg. I hope she will: not -sing . it,- for this sort of: thing is' rather .too much, for me ;'-. and Canans gotup to wander'aiinleasly. about, humming the gayest airs he knew, as if to drown the sorrowful "Too late I too late J" still wailing; in his ear. By this time Gladys , was no longer quite herself: an inward excitement possessed'her; • a -wikl desiro .to-:: sing.: iher-.:.very. heart out icame :over-her; and a .stxange ehilV wh lclr she thojj'ghta vague presentiment of icommg'ill,'? crept-through-herblood.-Bverythingseemed vast^and awful', ,every ajnse^grew gainfully | acuteg'-anSsheTjalked BSXQ a dream^ovina^ iplaln"2t-:evenv;tO'iherselt ^Heriidentity- was' doubled i-one Gladys-moved audspoke as she was tolcl-^-a pale, dim figure, of no interest to anyone; the other: was alire m every fibre, : -thrilled: with intense desire for something,' and bent on finding it, though deserts, oceans, and boundless realms of air were passed to gain it. Olivia wondered at her unsuspected power, -and felt a little envious of her enchsnting - gift; -Bat she was-too absorbed in " setting the stage," dressing her prima donna, and' planning :how.to end the spectacle with her 1 ayourite character of Cleopatra; to do more than iobserve that Gladys's eyes were luminous and large, her face. growing more and more -.colourless,-her manner less and leBS- .exclted,.yet unnaturally calm;- : 'This is the last,'and you have the stage alone. Do- your beet for Felix; then 'yon shall rest and be thanked," she whispered, somewhat aDiiouely, as she placed Elaine in her tower, -leanmg against the dark screen, which was unfolded, to suggest the casement she flung back ;when Launcelot -passed below— "And glanced not up,-nor waved his handj : Noc.bade.farewell, but sadly rode awav." The " lily maid of Astolat" could nol have looked more wan and weird than Gladys, as she stood in her trailing robes of dead white, with loosely gathered locks, hands clasped over the gay bit of tapestry which simulated : the cover of the shield, eyes that seemed to see something invisible -to tho e about her, and began her song, in a veiled voice, at once so sad and solemn, that Helwyze held his breath, and Canans felt as if she called him from beyond the grave .— Sweetis : traelove,-tho'givenin.vam,ni.vain; .-•- And sweet is :death, who puts an end to pain; . • ~ know notwhich is sweeter, no, not I:.. . Love, art thou sweetjtlien bitterdeatlimu£t be; - Love, thouart bitter;, sweet is death to me.- 0 love, if death be sweeter, Jet me die. : : Sweetlove, .that^eems not madeto-fadeaway,-- .-Sweet -death, that seems to'make r.-S .loveless elav, \ v linownot-whichig-sweeter,jioj notX- .. -:-- ... Ifaiuwouldiollow-love.afthatcouldbe; 1 needs must iollow death, who.calls for me.- ; : Call-and If olio Ifdllow'.let me die!" - - - .:'. . Carried beyond self control by the unsus- • pected presence of the drug, which was. dSing its work with perilous rapidity Gladys, Tcinpmbenngrnnly .that ^the last Jine whon 'd be ung withUorce, and that she sung for ITelix, -obeyed the mid impulse to Jet her .voiceJ*ifieandringout'Wjth,»BhTill,'-de0pfarlistener, and echoed through'" the room like Elaine's unearthly cry of hapless love and. death. Olivia droppsdherasp, terrified; ..the maids.: stared,' uncertain whether it >was acting or; •insanity ; .and -Helwyze sprung up aghast, fearing'that he had'.dared itoo -much. -: -Butf Cauaris, seeing only the wild, wofol eyes fixed on his,-the hands wrung as if In pain, forgot everything: but Gladvs, and rushed between the curtains, exclaiming, in real terror— Don't look so! Don't Bing sol My God, she is dying '." Sot dying, -only; slipping fast into- the unconscious -stage of:-, the hasheesh .-dream, whose coming none :can. foretell- but- those aocuetoined to its use. Pale-and quiet she lay in her husband's rms, with half open tjes and-fluttering breath, smmng up at him strangely that'he was l>ewjldered :;Bs well as panic stricken. Olivia forgot her Cleopatra to order air and water, the maids flew -ifor.salts iand wine ;•-Helwyze,-'.with''difficulty^ hid hu momentary dismay ; while Canaria, almDstbesldehlnnelfjConld^nly-hajig^ver the eoucb where lay '' the lily-maid," looking as if already, dead, and drifting down to Camelot. "Gladys, do you know me?" beer ed, aaa: little colour came to her lips after the fiery draught Olivia energetically administered The eyes opened wider, the smile grew brighter, and she lifted >er .hand to br ng him nearer, for he jseemea immeasurably distant. , . .„ , " EelisJ Iiet me be still, quite still? I -want 40 sleep. Good-night good-night." receded,-vanished, and, as she floated buoyantly away upon the first of the many oceans to be.croaaed in her; mysterious queBt, a faroff voice iseemedto say, :solemniy,-.as if an a -lastfarewell-T^/. ..V' -Hush J let her sleep in peace." • • It was Helwyze-; and, having felt her pulse,, he : cheerfully assured them all that : she was only .over-excited; must;r,est an hour .or two, and would soon be quite, herself again. : So-the : brief panic ended quietly ; and -having ; -lowered, .the -;lightB, : spread Guinevere's- velvet -mantle over her, and •reaesuredthemaelves.ihatshe.WFTS'Bleepiiig .quietly, ithe7Women ;went to reBtore order to ante-room and hall, .Canans.: sat down to watchwbesidesGladys; and: Helwjz» betook himself to the library. "Is she still leeping?" he .Raked, with unooncealable anxiety, when Olivia -loined! him there. B ' lite a baby What a iigh strung little? tfeasaLk ,Jf.shebad strength-to bew the: trainiugyareTrould nirnlS^mtflattuua proud of, Jasper " •- "Ah, but she'never would 1 Sancy that; modeat oieatuTe on a-atage ^or all the --world: to gspe.at. She Was happiest in the nun's gown to-night,-though simply. .TavishiDg- as Yivieu The pretty, bare feet were most effsctivs ;-but how did you. .persuade her to it'" :: "I had no sandals as a compromise: I therefore iniisted-that the parfc-musJ be so dressed -or .undressed, and she - submitted: People usually: do,.when I command," - " She was on her mettle.: I could seethat; and well she might be, with you for a rival .' I give you my word, Olivia, if I did not know you were nearly forty, 1 should swear it wan a lie; for:':age c3,nnot wither nor custom, stale' my. hnndsome Cleopatra. ' We^-ought to have had .that,-by the by; It - used 1 to 'be: your best, oit. I could not be your Antony,' but Eelix might , he adores costuming, aid would do it capitallj-." ' •"-. '•:.'- " Not old enough. Ah ! : what happy times those were:" and Olivia sighed sincerely,' yet -dramatically/for she icew she waa lookiiig wonderfully well, thrown cown upou'a couch, with her purple.-- skirts'' sweeping about her, and twoine arms ^banded with gold clasped over.her dark head. . - .. . • Helwyze. had flattered with a purpose: Canans was m the way, Gladys might betray herself,- and.all-wasnot safe yet.; thoug;h in one respect the experiment had succeeded adm!.rably, . for he :;»till tinRled with the excitetpent.wf the evening. Kow he wanted help, not sentiment, and, ignoring .'the: sigh,.: said, catrelessly— *-I£ all obey: when you insist, just.make Felix go home.with'you. The drive will do him gooo, for he is as nervous as a .woman, audi fihall'h'ave'liia fidgeting about ail night,.; unless he forgets his fright," . " But Gladys ?" ." She will be tlie better for a quiet nap. and ready,!by the <ime he rg.turns, to. laugh at. ber.heroics. He will only disturb her lf he sits there; like a mourner at a death-bed." '.' That sounds sensible . and • friendly, and you do it very well, Jaiper; but I am impressed that something ls amiss. -What is ! it? Better toll me; I shall surely find it ..out, and will not work in tlio darki 'I see mischief in your eyes, and you cannot deceive : e " iQlnwspofce;half -in : jest,but ashe had so, often seBnshis ^aceiwithout -a.'maskj that it: 3»a»Mjij®cult >wear.«ns m her presence. He frowned, "hesitated, then 'feai-mg she woald refuse :.,the'?cfavour, -if ,-3ie witiuild the secret,.be jeaned towards her ' and: answered • in a whisper— " I gave Gladys hasheesh, and do not care to have Felix know it." "(fJaeper! how dared yoa ?" f < She was restless, suffering for sleep. I know what that is, and out of pity gave her the merest-taste.' 1 Upon my honour, no more ; than a child mi'ght safely take. ' Sbe did not know what it was, and I thought she would only feel its soothing charm. -She would, if : it had not been for this masquerading. I did not count on that, and it was. too much for her." Will she notsuffer from the after-effects ?' Not a whit, if she is let alone. An hour hence she will be deliciously drowsy, and to-morrow none the worse. I had no idea it would affect her so powerfully; but I do not reget it, for it showed what the woman is capable of." > -. " At your old tricks. Tou will never learn to let your fellow-creatures alone, till something terrible stops you. Tou were always uryine into thincs, even as a bo v. when I caught butterflies for you to look at" I never killed them • only brushed off a trifle of the gloss by my touch, and let them go again, none the worse, except for the loss of-a- few invisible feathers.". - All' but that delicate plumage is the glory of the insect-; Tobbed-of that, its beauty is mar ed. No one bnt th^ir Maker can search -bearts- without" harming them. I wonder how it will fare with yours when He looks for its perfection ?" Olivia spoke with a sudden seriousness, a yearning look, which jarred on nerves already somewhat unstrung, azid Helwyze answered in a mocking tone that Bilenced her effect ually— «I am desperately curious to know If I can come and tell you, I will such pious interest deserves that attention " 1 1 Heaven forbid '" ejaculated Olivia, with. a shiver " Then I will not I have been such a poor ghost here, I suspect 1 shall be glad to rest - eternally when I once fall asleep if I can " Weary was his voice, wear his attitude, as, leaning an elbow on either knee, he propped his chin upon h's hands,-and sat brooding for a moment with bis evee upon the ground,:, asking himself for the thousandth time the;, great question=which only:liope and^aith can answer truly. Olivia rose. " Tou are tired; so am I. Good night, Jasper, and leasant dreams., But ::Temember,.no= more. ..tampering:with Gladys, or I -must tell her husband " " 1 have had my lesson. Take Felix with you,-and I willssend Mrs..,Bland.,to ;ait with her' till he comea back. -Good-night, my cousin, thanks for a glimpse of the old 'times." Such words, uttered with a pressure of the band, conquered 'Olivia s, last -:scruple, and she went away to prefer her request in a -form'which made- itimpossible for. Canans to refuse. Gladys .still, slept,,quietly., The distance was not long, .tie fresh air 'grateful, Olivia her - kindest: self, and: -he .obeyed;; believing that the motherly old woman would take hla place as soon as certain housewifely duties permitted Then Helwyze did an evil tiling—a thing few,,men could or would havo done.. :He: 'deliberately violatedithe-sanctity. «f-a human soul, robbing it alike of its most Becret and moat -precious thoughts. Hasheesh had lulled the-seneeswhiehrguardedihe treasure;.;: now, •the magnetism of a potent,:Will force the reluctant lips to give up the key Like a thief he stole to Gladys' side, took m his the dimpled bands whose very child: IshceBS should "have pleaded -for her, and fixed his eyes -upon the face before him, nn - touched by its helpless .innocence, its un-. natural expression. The half-ojjen eyes were heavy as dew-drunken violets, the sweet red mouth waa set, the agitated bosom still rose and fell, like a troubled sea subsiding after storm. • So sitting, stern and silent as the fate he believed in, Helwyze concentrated every power upon the accomplishment of the purpofe to which he bent his will. He called it psychological curiosity; for not even to hiuaelfdrtln dmewnfm the tnnsieaitog of the impulsevwhich 'drove him to this act, and dearly did he pay for it; . .Soon the passive,palms thrilled in his own; the breath came faint and: slow, colour died, -and:-,life seemed, to recede from "the countenance, leaving -a pale eiligy :;of the-woman ; •lately. so f oil'of- vitality.:" " It: works'!: - it works 1" muttered Helwyze lifting his head at length to wipe the dampness from his brow; and, *end a: piercing glance about the shadowy room., Then. kneehng down beside: the cou ch, :he jput (his lips to her. ear, whisperni g in a tone of still command— ,. ,.:>--. i .. " Gladys, do you hear me ?-". lake the echo of a.voice,,so low, expreasionless, and distant .-was it, the .answer came'— "I hear." '"Will you answer me"?" " I must." " Tou have a sorrow—tell jt." " All-is so false. T! am unhappy without confidence,".sighed the voice. 'it^,-- - • •» - Yethedeoelves.hedoesnotlQVe'yoii. liP ll^ HflPB Tint lnVP TOll " - • He will" ; " I« this the hope which sustains yon 1" "Tes" " And you forgiTe, you love himistill?!', : " Always " "If the hope fails'" "It will not- IshaUhave help." "'What help?" : , Uo answer now, but the shadow of a smile seemed :to float across the silent .lips as if re-, fleeted from a joy too deep and tender for speech to tell. . :" Speak 1 - what . is-this 1 happiness ? The hope of freedom ?"- • *' It will come." - - -• " How ?" "Wnen you die." : He caught his breath,: and for an instant seemed daunted by the truth he had evoked; for it was terrible, so toldi so heard. : " .You hate me, then ?" he whispered almost, fiercely, in the ear that never shrank from his hot lips. : ... - ., - -- -I doubt anddread you." "Why, Gladys, why? To you I am not cruel," ,- . ••••-.--.. V Too kind, alas, too kmdl" . .- . "' And yefc you fear me •?'.' - • : .--- V God help us. -Tes.-" " What IB your feur ?" • -- " No, no, I will nol tell it!". >:' Some, inward throe of shame or anguish turned the pale face paler, knotted the brow, and locked the lips, as if both soul and body revolted froin the thought thus ruthlessly' dragged to light: Instinct, tbB first; last, strongest liiipulee of human nature.:struggled' blindly to s»vo the woman from beiraying.the' dread which haunted her heart like a spectre, and burned^ hpr lipa .iii .tlie ntterance of itB name. But .Helwyze was pitiless,- his will' indomitable; his eye held, his hand controlled;-' his>oice-commanded ;.:and . the answer-came,' so reluctantly,io inaiidibly, thatle seemed to: diviue, not hear it. .-' ,-.... -"- : -' ,,. ".What fear?". .,}-:.•-::: " Your love." . " Tou see, you know it, then ?" i " I do not see, I vaguely feel; I pray God I may never know." • • • Witii t liu involuntary recoil of a gnilty joj-, -Ebame .aa great,- Helwyze:: dropned -the, ne'ryeic'ss bands, .turned from the rmutely, accusing face, let the troubled Bpirit RIJET,-: and aasked:no-more.«;But*iis. punishment i •began ias :he: stood'-there, : ;fiudingi the stolen •: truth a heavier burden than baffled doubt or deBirehad been; since forbidden knowledge: was bitter: to the taste, : forbidden love possessed no sweetness, and the.hidden hope, putting off its well-worn disguise, , confronted him in all its ugliness. An awesome silence filled the room, until he lifted up his eyes, and looked at Gladys with a look which would have wrung her heart could she have seen it. She did not see; for she lay there so still, so white, so dead, he-seemed to have scared away the soul,, he had vexed with his-impious questioning. In remorseful hnste, Helwyze busied himself about her, till: she woke from that sleep within asleep, moaned wearily, close! the unseeing eyes, and drifted away into more natural slumber, dream-haunted, but deep and quiet. •• Then he stole away : as he lad come, and, sending the old woman to watch Gladys, shut himself into his own room, to keep a vidl which lasted.until dawn; for all the poppies of the East could not have brought oblivion that night. XIV. IT seemed as if some angel had Gladys n especial charge, bringing light out of dark nes , joy out of sorrow, good out of evil; for no barm came to her—only a great peace, which transfigured her face till it was as spiritually beautiful as that of some young Madonna. .- - - - Waging late the next day she remembered little of the past night's events, and cared to remember little, having clearer and calmer thoughts to dwell upon, happier dreams to enjoy. She suspected Helwyze of imprudent kindness, bnt uttered no reproach, quite unconscious of how much she had to forgive, thereby innoceijtl adding to both the relief and the remorse he felt. The doubt and dread which had risen to the surface at his command, seemed to sink again into the depths, and hope and love, to still the troubled waters where her life boat rode at anchor for a time. (To be eonhmud) ivt,- , :,..:• '':.- —Second Part if 'FitmK 