TiIR0.o ArroPe?toi0 .D l0HoAsoeso.-All suo?ering from Irritation of the throat and hoarsenOess will be agreeably surprised at the almoat immediate relie afforded by the use of " Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famous "lozenges" are now sold by moast re speetable chemists in this country at ls lId per box. People troubled with a" hacking eough,"a "slight eold," or brotnchlbl affections, cannot try them too soon, as tsimealr troubles, if allowed to progres, result In serious Pulmonary ald Asthmatic affecttoru. See that tie words "Brown's Bronchial Troches" ar on the Government Stamp around each box. --Manufac. tured by Jolrs I. Blnoweee Soso, Boston, United States. Depot, 493 Oxford-street, London. ADVIca TO MOilalr s.-Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with a pain of cuttlng teoeth Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Moi. WrsuLOw'u Soorns? STRUr. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it prodnces natural auletaleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awokes uas bright as a hutton." It soothes the child, It softens the gams, alnlays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best knoswn emedly for dysentery and diarrhmca, whether arisln fromn teething or oher causesr. rWl.Wnslow'a Seoothing Syrup Is sold by Mledicilne dealers every where at Is lid per bottle. Manufactured at 439 Oxfordstreet. London. VALUAnLn DscovaYn FOR Tlla Il.lb.--If your hair is turning grey or white. or falling off, use "The Iexrcan lnair lRenewer," for it trill posiitiely restore ia reryJ ease Grey or While Hair to its orlginal rolour, withrout leaving the dlsageeable smell of most "'IRestorers." It makes tie hair charmingly bemautitful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair n bald spots, where the glands are not decayesd. Ask your Chermis for "TIE htEXIecAN HU ta htrzwaLR, ,reled by ItE\iY C. IALLU', 403 Ofo<le-street London, and old by Chemiats ad Port unmers every :whcg at 3 Gi per Bottle. JFor a wedding nong- Love knot. TVhat is lhar't hich" by losing an eye has only nose left ?-A noise. o ,: A fast friend-The telegraph. TheBest Iemnody-A lady ncebeingasked what she thought was agoed remedy for bee "tings, said she haod never found anything "better than to keep away from the bees. Mr. Smith is bound to have his joke. His wife was'walking nearly in front of a railway train the other day, and he said, if she had gone a step father his children would have a step-mother. True-The other day a policeman, in mak ing out a charge against an arrested party, . wrote: " The prisolnr set upon ime disorderly, Sand called me an ass, and a precious ruffin, and an idiot, all of which I certify to be true." His Own Shadow-Tipkins aroused his wife the other night from a sound sleep, saying lie had seen a ghost in' the shade of anu ass, "Oh, let eme sleep," was the reply of the irate dlame, " and don't.be frightened at your own shadow.'' Shameful ]mposition.-(Overheard at the hethnal Green Exhibition).-Workman. " They be clever chaps wet dros these 'cmn out o' their own 'eds ; but, lor, I knows for a fac' as there ain't a" figger here but wot's been copied from a hactual pIerson."--Funny Folks. :A negro in South Carolina, who was com plaining of the hard times, declared they were the hardest ever known. " Why," said lie, "I work all day an' steals all night, an' yet I'u blest if I ken make .tn honest living I" Bar Thnt !-Prser, Q.C..; ?'ow. the, sir. h.- ?ho. arc. y0ou" -?- l ittcess.,. (fromo.tht forst class MHoos'orsoil' " ' Ho wiis carviug at dininr, and thetiglit lio minst talk to the iathetic looking angel on his right. i ' o BHo do you like Beethove ?!!. he asked, at aventure. .." Well done,".said she, promptly, interested intlhe business'nt )innd. Twoo friends were, passing a church.one cvening Wohen a strong, smell of bitrniig lcather pervaded the air. " 1 wonder if that ss th odlour of sanctity," saidloac: I think it must be" was the quick reiply, i."for'it smells of soles.,~'. : Have Courage.--It condubcs much to our content if we pass by, tliose.things .whicli happen to our trouble and conisider whalit is pleasing and iprosperous, tht-t by thli re epre cntation of tlihe better tlhei worse may be blotted out. . .. : This is how an Americani authoress says it feels :-"Take a man and pin three or four large table-cloths about )lim, fastened back with elastic and looped itp with .ribbono; lrag all his own ihair to tli middle of his bend and tie it tight, and hairpin on about fiveo pounds of other hair, and a:big bow, of ribbon. Keep. the, front pins on locks all night, and let them tickle his eyes all day i pinch his waist'into a corset, and give him glores a size to small, and shoes ditto and' a lat that will nIot stay on without .1'torturing elastic, and a frill to tickle his chin, an a little lace veil to blind his eyes whenever ho goes out to walk, and he will know what woman's dressis." lly! IMr Hollister has a.largo: and well kept! moustache. .Mrs Hollister has a large and'well kepttcat t. r Hollister's iioinstache is in a constani t stite of eiiing wded, aid its bing ends stanid directly out like tlid boakds on'"a linger: post 'A min 'with a msoustachelikce that can scarcely consent to lumber his mind w'ith the progress .of science..,. Mrs. lollistcr; whs dressed to gjo owii to brcnkfast the other morning,' whileoI MrHolistcr still reniained in' bdf The icat sat on its hind legs listening, to the conversation, between l lr and " Mrs Ifollister, ,:her interest therein being some-' what itensified by the circumstance that her breakfastwould bohastened lib its conclusion li'. Hollistcr sjiokdoto such'len'th thtat the cat'finally tnriied her attention n' thie dirc-. ion 'liisnvoice.: Tlleelothed were drawn so clhse to his face.that she could not see it. But she observed something else, and, for.n noment all isterest in the conversatioii was lst. ' Her .eyes shone, .her crs. leapdd for .ard, her tail whisked to and fro, hoet whose bodyj quivered for an instant in the throes of a mighty emotion, then she sprang' upon' the ied, .nd. in a. flash both forepaws were iantled in the face of thel horrified Mr. Hol ister.' To see. the look of 'astbonishment obi' lhe'cat's face when s~hediscovered that what she had taken for a rat's tail was no: tail :ni alt, but.merly anend'.of, her. master's mous t.che,. was . a sight ncver".to ho forgottcn.; 'C;mpltetel,.dumnbfosundcd and',crestfallen the' nihappy, animal lit off from the bed,' aijid liink throngh' the 'door frotii sight." It 'is very rarely a cat is' taken -in-like that." Mr: Hollister is.'spending 'a few- days on. his ather's fartnin the mounins . tain. .. , 