TALES & SKETCHES ONE OP THEM. When Mrs.Maroh left this earthly scene she speedily underwent that canonisation here which wo trust she experienced abovo. Every body remembered her loveliness and her martyrdom; Jnobody—but Sir. March—re membered an irritable, selfish body, little more than a baby when sho married, and a baby ever since. Nobody, however, pretended to' have met suoh a loss as Maria, a girl/of fifteen, who'having been the slave of bor mother's whims, was bewildered by ber idle hours. The ohild .had been fond of her pretty, helpless mother, and she sat crying in her room, or wandered about slipshodly and ordered away the children, who were in mischief from the time they were ont of bed till they were in again. Mr. March's home life bad always been an outrage on decency. Now breakfast. with three.: half-washed children, without Maria's societydinner varied only by ragged tiers and braised faces and Maria's appearance as an ornamental gravo-stone; lonesome evenings with Maria at a neighbour's for a dish of flat tery as the model daughter of a saintly mother —this: was subject for thought. And Maria had no right to surprise when Mr. March told her that ho was about to bring into the bouse a second wife who would boa kind mother to Mb children. Miss Maria went ont of the door with a bang, and was found in hysterics on tho best bed. But 'Mr. March," giving the servants tho same intelligence, kissed the children, and was off to the home of Miss Bell, which had made him tremble, remembering the domain where Maria was mistress. Miss Melicent Bell was a sweet-faced woman, not yet forty, and so winsome as to attract those tired of- beauty, her expression of good will, patience, and purpose, having grown with practice of her virtues. Mr. March thought if a limner would Bketch an angel, hero w&b; the face for him to study. Sho.was walking in the gardon when he went down the path. It was hardly changed since he strode up it twenty years ago, snapping off the poppies with his stick, and slamming the gate.behind him. The box. had grown some inches—it reached Miss Mitioent's shoulder now—but it gavo the same spiced odour as the wind stirred it, as that tobin rustled from point to point along it; and Miss Melioent had changed only as the box . had—to, sweeter growth. When sho turned, with her gentle Sunday meditations—she was thinking of that verso," Thou wilt show me the path of life: in Thy presence is fullness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures fdr ever more"—and saw Mr. March. She put out her hands with a start as if to ward off a -ghost., But her hands were taken with such a pressure as only flesh and blood gives, and itwas Melicent who looked most like a ghost, as with by putting an arm about her. Poor Mis3 Melicent! ' Twenty years since that lovers' tiuarrel had left her alone in her garden—years in which hope had died, and lovo, if it had not withered, had been pressed away like a sacred flower that has lain in the hands of the beloved dead. Poor Mr. March! Twenty years, in which he had learned that " as a jewel of gold in a swine's snout, so is a fair woman which is without discretion." But Moliccnt was herself again directly. It was. only the apparition of. her youth in Mr. ' March that hod startled her: in that evening light he was young as ever. But Mr. March waited for no comparisons between now and then ; he . plunged' into his errand, he said he had regretted to the core of his heart his head strong ; temper, his subsequent infatuation. Ho did hot utter another syllable about his wife; he only told the story of his home and his neglected children. She was silent, and ' her tears fell. Then sho replied that ho must' know any thing like that old girlish love was impossible to her now; but her interest had always lived, and her affection—her affection. And then Miss Meli ccnt's tears obscured her voice, nnd sho mur mured chokingly, something about those motherless children; and the next thing was thnt Mr. March had her in his arms, and they had forgotten all about the lapso of twenty years. • - • Perhaps it 'had boen wiser had they told Maria tho story of their youth nnd their old lovo. But if they had done, so, probably she would- havo regarded it as an oven greater indignity to her mothor than tho existence of a second wife; and it was judged host to say nothing, ailonco being the part both of native dignity and natural precaution. ( But the now Mrs. March had not stepped in fitflo her homo nnd received tho stiff touch of Maria's hand boforo sho saw tho lion in her way. She did not blame tho young girl; she rather liked her chivalrous constancy. 1 She drew.her .to herself and kissed her; and Maria, resenting it ns an intrusive im pertinence, ran down to Mrs. Loo's to complain of • it. " She's a designing hypocrite," said Mrs. Lee, " queening it there, and your mother, that sainted soul, not cold in her gravo! " As her mothor had. departed' two years boforo, this . ultimatum hardly sounded like tho proper fato of a sainted soul. "Don't you.", said Mrs. Lee, " lot that woman got tho upper hand of you with kissing and palavering." And there • followed a conversation, on tho bride's toilette, froin which ono could gather no other conclu sion than that tho second Mrs. March's plain duty was to wear mourning for the first Mrs.. March. Maria meant to.mnko it hor own duly not only to wear mourning, but to obtrude it. Sho had chnnged hor linon tuckers for crapo on tho announcement of the uiarriago; she sat up by night to put a dcopor crapo fold on hor gown; and going about as solemn us though looking into n tomb, sho lost no chunco of liiring hor handkerchiefs, rocontly purchusod, with a black border twice as deoj> as thoso used when hep mourning began. " I havo Ioet my father too," said Miss Mario, with swoet sensibility. , But that was mero bagatelle beside her general con duct. She had led the younger children into full belief in the enormity^ of their father's act and tho. atrocious qualities of his wife, and there was little insolence of which aho was not guilty. The moraing after lire. March's on trance on hor duties, descending to breakfast, she found Maria pouring tea. u Maria, that is your mother's place," said Mr. March. "It used be, sir," ihe said, with indignant solemnity. . "No, indeed," chimed in Mrs. March, silveriy. "I have poured the tea so many years. that, if Maria is willing to relieve me, I shall bo glad."- And at that Maria flounced out of tho seat.' Nor ;had Mrs. March, been in the house a week before she found that tearful sympathy for the motherless children was an act of grace on her part, for they were enough to exasperate the recording angel. Abominable in behaviour, insulting in language, they utterly perplexed the new mother. But the verse in her thought on the evening her old lover came back to her, " Thou wilt show me tho path of life," sounded lik$ a promise still, and she trusted. One at a ' time Bhe coaxed the children into her room,j and talked to them so sweetly and seriously that, surprised and abashed, they .were half converted, till Miss Maria undid the woik. When, then, kindness had failed, and Mrs. March felt that the welfare of these children depended on the integrity of her authority, yet felt unwilling to vex her husband in the matter, she was forced to resort to punishment —to oblige little J alia—who, at eleven, knew enough to know better, and who, being frank and affectionate, would have done very well alone,but,stimulated by Moria'samusementj one day made a succession of mouths at her mother, and snapped her fingers in her face—to sit beside ' her all tho afternoon, and to sew the Beam of a sheet. Sho really tried to -make it entertaining for the little thing, having no desire to grieve her, but merely to make necessary authority felt; and the child, beginning in rebellion, found, before she was dismissed, that she had enjoyed herself vastly, and being ingenious, came back pre sently and put her arm round Mm. March's neck and said, " I'm really sorry I waB so had. I don't ever mean to believe a word Maria says again. I think your're very nice indeed, and I mean to love you—and I do!" But when Maria went down to Mrs. Leo's that night, she had a fine story of the stepmother's brutality in robbing little Julia of her holiday, and forcing her to her sewing all the afternoon. And Mrs. Lee hold up her hands and said if she were Maria she would resist the woman tooth and nail. Maria had presently the chance to act upon Mrs. Lee's advice. For.Tom March, having used the advantage of biB eight tough summers to roll little Charlie on the floor, and after a ! thorough drubbing, having nearly bitten off a | piece of his ear, Mrs. March—first trying to comfort Charlie, who scorned her sympathy and 6tyled her a blamed fool—proceeded to administer the .same punishment to Tom that had succeeded ~ with. Julia, mean ing not to put needle and thread into bis hand, but to ' show him some drawings of cruel people and tell him their, .hapless stones, and possibly to win some mutual interest.- Of course Tom refused obedience when Bhe directed hifn to go upstairs, and of course when-she felt herself obliged to lay hor hand on his shoulder and lead him along ho stoutly resisted; and un fortunately Miss Maria was in the room to throw herself between tho two with a shrill voice and flashing eyes, calling out that Mrs. March was a worthless interloper. By the mercy of Providence there was a closet door open just beside them; Sirs. March was not a strong woman, but a quick one; before Miss Maria knew what had happened, she had been clapped into that closet and the door locked upon her, and there she was ignominiously left, shrieking like a maniac, while Mrs. March led tho aston ished Thomas to her own retreat. She directed the release of Miss Maria at once, though, and then fastened herself in her room with her robel, but with no good result, as in her pre vious experience; for, uuuBed to suoh scenes, and tlio rough horror of a hand-to-hand broil •wounding all her susceptibilities^ she gave way to. a hearty cry, whioh evidence of her weak ness put Tom March on his pins again. The servants, meanwhile, did not hasten to let Miss Maria Out of durance; but when at last the door swung open, the wind could have given her no swifter wings to fly to Mrs. Lee's, and burst in, red, weeping, dishevelled, to make tho awful revelation of tho manner in which horstep-moiher had locked her, a grown woman, into a closet. And Mrs. Lee, responsive, told tho child there was always room for hor in her house—meaning all tho same to ask Mr. March a round sum for hor board. But Mrs. March had ample satisfaction in her husband's Iovo and veneration, in his happiness, and tho comparative order and comfort to which ■ sho bad reduced bis home. She had made the house beautiful. The table shone with her wedding silver; the dishes were faultlessly served; tho children, bright and clean, received smiling encouragement to join tho cheerful talk; and if after they were,in bed Maria chooso to sulk in bor room, sho lost a: great deal, of pleasure. Still Mrs. March's gentle heart was sore over Maria. Sho would havo been glad to win the girl, glad to provide pleasure, for her. She understood lier emotions, and seldom had any but tender feelings toward hor.. It hurt, her sorely to think that sho was unlikely to be ablo to train tho noblo trails of tho boys to noble ends. Occasion coroiug to everybody, camo at last to Mrs. Murcb, whon ovory ohild of the house was. smitten with the dreadful epidomibatthattimo raging in tho vicinity. Miss Maria, frightened out of her senses, betook korsclf,to Mrs. Leo's. But Mrs. March, though miserable, herself, drcamod of no fear. Sho had tho 'children moved iuto connecting rooms, and although ihoro was a professional nurse with them, yibruted between those rooms as we think only mothers can. Not a night did sho Bleep until the crisis was over; and in their comvalescence it seemed to the. children that it was only an angel moving about in her long white robe, bathing their foreheads, singing them to sleep, bringing them tempting messes, telling them entrancing stories, winning their hearts at last completely. On the whole, though tired out in the offort, Mrs.ATarch did not know that in all her life she had. had a happier time than during that month of convalescence. And then Maria, came home.. ' \- " Mamma and I have a secret that she says I may tell yon, Maria," cried Julia, after the greeting. • ■ • "An open secret," said Maria insolently, " that all tho world knows." ; " Do all the world, mamma?" cries Julia. "Mamma!" says Maria with a sneer. .' " Only a small fraction of it; dear,", answers Mrs. March.. " I have told no one hut you." "Yes, 'Miss Maria March," cries Julia, " mamma! and the dearest, sweetest, best mamma, who took care of me when she could hardly take care of herself, and when you ran away!" "Oh, no, no, Julia," exclaims her mother. " Don't say so. 'i'hink that if Maria bad stayed and taken the illness, it would have occasioned us so much more trouble that it was a kindness inhertogo.". ; r *' Ohmy!" said little Julia,laughing. "Well, I* don't care. Look here, Maria—whisper. Mamma says I may name it She told me when I was getting better, so that I might have something pleasant to think about." > . ; "Pleasant!" " Oh yes, so very! And we have had such beautiful talks about how it will look and what we will do with it. And I am going to wheel it out in Charlie's old carriage—and—and—See here, Maria;" and she drew from under the sofa-piliow an absurd little sock she was knit ting, and'contemplated it as if it were Pene lope's web.. "You must have been mighty rick!" cried Maria. "And as for your mamma, as you call her, you* wicked little girl, it is shameless in her to talk so to a child like you!" Mrs. March took her work and left the room quietly; and then lilies Maria,feeling the wel come of this little new comer was the last out rage, broke into a flood of angry crying, and sobbed herself into hysterics, with Julia ex- ; claiming at intervals, "Oh, 1'U tell my father of you! You see if I don't, Maria March!" Mire Maria presently knew just how rick Julia had oeen. For it was not a week before the contagion, from which she had run when it was at home, assailed her in some of her out door jaunta and she went down as suddenly as the rest. Her first act was to send for Mrs. Lee, who returned regrets that duty to her own family made it impossible for her to come. Her next was to summon her father and demand a nurse. He assured her that the nurse still in the house should remain. ' •. "A creature of Mrs. March's," murmured the sick girl. " The sickness is so general that there is not another to be had. Tour mother and I mil be with you—" "Don't let her J don't let her!" 'moaned Maria. "I am'glad to seesnch consideration oh your part, my dear," said hier father. "Bat I am afrmdshe will insist." ! She did insist. When both the'doctor and her husband nrged Mrs. March to keep away from that last sickroom, sho replied that it was impossible. "It is the only chance I have to win her love," she exclaimed with tears. ; "'Heaven sends it—you must hot prevent my using it." And the others, fearing too much I opposition, let her have her way. I It was a hard way, with nothing bnt thorns I for the treading. With all Maria's behaviour, . Mrs. March had never realised tilt the girl's | delirium how violent had been her execration of herself. It was a sad strain upon the poor lady's nerves, to bear this torturo of reviling, without the suffering that sympathy with sick ; ness gives in itself, or the unconscious effort made by her hourly acts of forgiveness. Bnt though fierce, the fever had a short run; the fatigue of unceasing attendance was.great, but the delirium was soon over. Mrs. March trusted that the last act of that illness was delirium, and not nature. Left alone with the patient, and obliged to do something that was resisted, sho held the aching head on her shoul der, saying, though hardly knowing that she said it," Dear child, why won't you let me love you?" and the next moment received a slap in the'face. If it were delirium, Maria had afterwards an uncommonly clear recolleotion of her wander ings. It was not a strong blow, of course; hut in the amazement and recoil, Mrs. March sthggored back and fell against the corner of the table that held the lamp; and table, lamp, and bottles had gone over, and a tongue of fire was licking up the canopy. Mrs. March never knew how she got the sick girl out of that bed or upon the lounge, or bow she tore the burning hangings down and trampled out the fire on the empty hearth. She only remembered having thought that even if Maria died of the exposure, she would rather be supposed guilty herself of carelessness than let tho girl's father know of the vicious act. And Maria, whother stunned or overcome, sank into a long slumber, from wbiob, when sho awoke, sho was out of danger. "I owo you my lifo, dootor," said Maria, feebly, somo days after. " No, indeed, child," he replied. "Yon owe it to your mother. I should never have pulled you through but for her caro. You owo it to her, too, that you- wero not burned in your bed." • • "0 dootor! did sho toll.you' then—" " Tell mo what?" . "That I—I,"whispered Maria, hoarsely,—"I slapped her then ?" "You did!'! "It scorns to mo I did," said Maria, who know perfectly well sho did. . " No," said the doctor. " Sho has kept that secret." "Miss Maria," Baid tho nurso, as tho doctor loft, ,(I saw it all. And it is a miraclo that the shock did not kill Mrs. March. You. should thank Heaven not only that all is well with you, but with her !" The doctor came back, and found the tears trickling through the girl's fingers. " It was too harsh medicine, nurse," said he. "But we will do the best wo may with it. X have known you too long, my dear, to disre gard the happiness I see you throwing away." "Oh, doctor," cried Maria, "I think the fever has burned all the venom out of me I" And she hurst into her old hysterical sobs. But the doctor.soothed her, and did not leave till sure the nurse had not misjudged her strength, and that the truth would bo a tonic. As Maria lay there, thinking it all over, the enormity of her conduct and its possibilities made her blood run cold. If her stepmother hod died in consequence of that shock, she did not see how she could live herself. She wondered if the doctor was right in thinking all danger of accident past. She was amazed to think she cared enough to fear it, and then she. recalled days and nights of pity and sympathy, and felt all at once that her step mother was superhuman in her goodness. : .What if trouble should come! what, if this late happiness of her father's should he robbed from him, and by her! what if this gentle life, with the beauty of it now she saw too late, should go out! She was fast working herself into another fever. She sent for Julia. "I want you to sit down," Bhe said, " and tell me all. mamma said to you about—about your secret, you know." And as Julia prattled on, the secret became of vital interest. "Oh, how blind, how blind And wicked I have been!" she cried. "How happy the little thing will make us! how.we will all love it together!" And Maria felt as though her own life and death hnng upon the fate of that little unborn child. When Mrs. March came into the .room, having been compelled to keep her own some days, Maria took the hand she laid on-her fore head, and pulled her gently down. "How are . you ever going to forgive mc, mamma she murmured. . The tears hurst out of Mrs. March's eyes. " Call me Melicent, dear," she cried. " Oh, X am so happy!" sho said to her husband that night. "All the children love me-—and it seems now as though I had more than,my share!" And at her prayers there was a sort of ecstacy in the way she repeated that verse, "Thou wilt show me the path of life; in Thy presence is fullness of joy; at Thy right hand there ore pleasures for evermore." ' It was some weeks after, that Maria, having seat the children out to-play, 6tood grave and solemn by the parlorwindow,feeling as though the universe itself must hold its breath, when she was summoned by the doctor—" She is sinking," he said, " very fast. No—ho hope, no help. She was never strong. .Be qrnet, dear child; nobody is to blame." Maria did not hear him. She was frying np the staircase, and falling beside Mrs. March's bed. " Oh, 'it. 19 my fault! 1 have done it! I!" she sobbed. " Hush, darling," whispered Melicent. " I have been so happy that I am almost content, dear." she breathed, " Take my place. Make him "—and her eyes wandered to her husband, who sat utterly overwhelmed—" happy too- I have shown you how. You musn't mind his grieving for me just at first; he—he was mine, Mar"*, more than twenty years ago. And, dear," she began again presently," I am going to give you my little daughter for your own. You must be to her what I would have been so glad to be to you. Will you take her ? " And she laid Maria's hand on the little velvet cheek.. " Will you love her? " " Oh," whispered Maria, aching like a mur derer, " if I have killed her mother, I will die for her!" ' And she gathered the little creature in her arms, and hid her ashen face upon it. There was a long, long silence in the room. Then Mrs. March turned her-sweet, dim eyes once more upon her husband. And . when at last he lifted his face from hers, the gentle 60ul of this step-mother had passed away. / 