BATOBDAT, MU.T , , With bat nine courses left lor deotofoiv therewat noneoesrftir for the qpdal train leaving Spenoer-Btreet aa early as it did, more especially as (here were many, who would have liked to have been with as, d* barred tbe opportunity,1 from the fact ol not teiDgaWo to run to thehjrespective offices previous to departure, which might easily bave been accomplished, And *ould have been far more gratifying, had the time been fixed for 10 o'clock. The meet was at Digger's ReBt station, fromwhence, by way of perfecting thOBe present in either the art of equestrianism or pedes trianism.we were taken a long beat down by the railway Ride over the rough stoneB to Warwick's paddock, vbere the first brace bfdogs were no sooner intheelipa than one was driven from them, and, as for w readily at hand, everything ms bb jolly w coald possibly be. There ?Vfting no necessity tor hurry, after lancheon the deciding couM'of the Warehousemen's <jap (left over from.the 5th May) was ran off, bringing one of the most enjoyable meetings at which we have ever taken part to « finish. Tashakian PLATE-Third Ties.-Waratah and Yuba Dam were let go to a real traveller; the former seemingly gaining the lead, bat *s Yuba Dam got puss on to a bit of good soing, she dashed away with her, and never ifter let her opponent have a ghost of a chance. Regal was three lengths ahead of Telegraph when she became unsighted, owing to tbe hare suddenly jerking back in some long grass. This gave Mr. Clark's dog a good opening, of which he was not alow of tailing advantage. Regal, however, came resolutely up twioe.on the outside, but puss afl often shifted from her, and gamely as she straggled she coald not wipe off tbe score before tbe hare escaped in a home-an anfor. tunatetrial for the loser. Deciding Course Telegraph, being much the freshest, quickly forged ahead of Yuba Dam, and keeping well down to the line of his game, only gave -the smart little fawn the chance of scoring a few weak points before he again took pos session, and. rattled away over the rocks out of eight. STONBHENGH Stakes-Second Ties Ho ratio had all the first and last of a long and wide run trial with Misty Morn. Both Hazal and Electricity temporarily threw up their heads after leaving slips, but no time was lost, as they momentarily sighted.- Hazal at once taking premier position, and Bcoring a lot of rapid work, but in attempting the kill she came head over heels. Here Electricity steadied himself, and monopolising his game, had more than wiped off the score when he began to tire, and although each strangled gamely, Hazel Btayed longest, and, besides finishing with the kill, was a clever winDer. Deciding Course.-From a grand slip Horatio was showing just clear of Hazel until they neared the hare, when the latter shot out for first and second turns, when she ran wide, allowing Horatio but one look in before she again raced past, and had the finiflh to herself. BOWEK STAKES.-Second Ties -Benicia Boy led and brought the hare round to Revel, -when they cannoned, both coming a cropper. The Boy. being soonest on his legs, was quickest to the fray, fend Revel, Beemiogly running raw, lost a lot of ground at his turns, bo that a long set-to ended, with Benicia Boy killing at the far Bide of Warwiok's hill. A racing hare jasfc suited Josephine, which Bhe commanded in grand style, and although she placed Rudiga on two occasions, she came round on the outside, and again to >k the hare away, and aa far as visible was in front Deciding Conrse.-Josephine took a conmanding lead of Benicia Boy, who was never able to get on terms before the course ended. 