A NEW PICTURE. We tad the pleasure of seeing on Friday at Mr. Bridges Art Gallery, in Lydiard street, a new [?] painting by Miss Sheppard. The work is not yet quite finished, and the artist is engaged now upon some concluding touches, but it fa ao nearly oat of the artist’s hands thit'wejnafr say at ohce a few words by way b£ description. Gur teaderS Aill'teiiieiflbet that Mias Sheppard has already a large oil-paintint hi Mr Bridges’ gallery, >a' Virgin and angels, in which there are some beautifully- painted cherub heads and a general control of color, but with some crudities in effect and;a:little dubious drawing. The new work is of -the same size, 5 feet 6 inches by i feet 6 inches, ' and" is an'entirely original composition. The artist .has chosen .the.Lappeafahce :of the spirits before Man fred'and the Abbot' as’ described in the last scene of Byron s dramatic poem. Manfred fa in a chamber of his tOWel-, from whose wide window due Sees that The stars are forth, the moon aboVo the tbgs Of tlie snow-shining mountains, and. Manfred recalls .his. visit at a similar hour to the Colosseum and other ruins of Rome, for ’T was inch a night! ’lis strange that I recall it at this time. As he meditates. the’ Abbot enters to tiy once more his ghostly' influence upon the erratic Manfred, who tells : him'to retire'. as it:fa not ;safe to be there, drawing attention as he speaks to ths apparition oftha .‘first' spirit. Oiir readers can read the scene, and; we . need not refer further to the text. 'Miss Sheppard has drawn a noble dhambet with tesselated floor, massive masonry, with ele J gantly plain cornices, and a wide window divided bya pillar into equal compartments, and looting out upon mountains and clouds lit up by the full moon, ..whose rays enter the chamber in the tower and fight up the pavement- and the groups. assembled there. Manfred is in the centre of the picture, and. has thmedphis hick upon.the window to greet-the ea- Abbot, on the,right, thus, facing also toward, the. apparitions which are seen on the left. The artist' haaintroduced three spirits, the first with arm uplifted and finger extended, summoning Manfred to .come away. ' Another looks on from the rear, and is intended to represent the departed spirit of one of Manfred’s loves; and one, half seen, fa supposed to be floating' in upon the air. The weird group is almost.in ;the full moonlight, and fa painted with a certain ghostliness of hazy outline in robes, but the massive arm of the foremost spirit ‘ denotes a remark able solidity in the artist’s conception of the mode in 7 which' such- visitants are to be made visible to eyea of flesh and blood.. There is vigor in the attitude and expression, and when finished will, we suspect, ‘.be,more weird than at present. ;Manfred boldly fronts the ghosts, hfa purple robe, half fallen from Ms shoulders, lying oh the floor behind him, while the .moonlight.;falls upon - his face and head as they are thrown back in stiff challenge, as it were, to the unpleasant visitors. ...The Abbot, in hfa mitre and vestments, and leaning on his crosier, fa a stately figure, well drawn and posed, and admirably finished. At his feet one of his' acolytes fa picking up the censer, which has droppedfrom the bauds of another, who haa fallen on ' hfa knees in fright, and two or ' three 'other attendants are seen in the right back ground all looking towards the spot to which the gaze of Manfred and the-Abbot is directed. As befits a moonlight scene, the general tone of the composition is sombre, but there is some effect of color, neverthe less. The perspective lines are well managed, the play of light- and shadow vigorously brought out, and 0 poet’s story is told with vivid and eloquent force .. There is an admirable effect o£ distance preserved in the view of the moonlit mountains and clouds, tnoog the artist might have lent to the sky, perhaps, a more of the stormy mood of the mind of manned, from- a sudden rift, so to speak, in . , dark cloud let in the startled moon upon the scene - within the tower. Whether ghosts s enter by window or, door we know not, buti instance-the artist brings them to view, appare from'some inner portion of. the chamber. ■* is behind ;them, before them Manfred and line of moonlight, which leads the eye to the tains and the heavens beyond. As we have ia '. - Miss Sheppard has in this'work produced an 8 ’design, and in doing so has : certainly disclosed »rg faculty both of conception and of realisation, . art gifts whose cultivation, we take leave to ay, duty'so gifted a lady owes to herself>nd t, ne £ community. There are many signs ot which require mellowing in the picture, and many touches yet to be;given to it to per e aW ork unrealised ideas and oongruitiea, and upo . the' artist is how engaged. To the credit J Smith, .who saw the work at an earlier st. g > . ent state that Miss Sheppard ha» had permissio herself from school datioa torn period, «* ■ - - ect she may be able to devote more time to. u . . We understand that it is probable the painting, ' 1 handsomely,framed, will be an exhibit a Exhibition. We should add that Mr Bridges W several fresh pictures in his collection, to may refer'at some future time. 