I "WESLEYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE, j -" ClOSING SESSION-. 'HE (Jinforenca yesterday morning and concluded its fittings in the Wesleyan Church, York-street. The President took the chair at the usual hour, and after prayer by the Rev. C. Olden and Mr. J. Wearne, the daily record | wes read and confirmed. 2 On the motion of the Rev. S. WILKINSON-, seconded by the Rev. JAMES WATKINS vote of thanks was unanimously accorded to the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, ex Pro iidenr,for the vary scriptural, affectionate, and "awful charge delivered to the newly- ordained ministers on Wednesday evening last; and Mr. Waterhouse was requested to furnish his address for publication in the Wesleyan advocate. The Rev. CHARLES SLADEN brought up the petition in favour of the closing of public-houses on Sundays, and stated that the petition had been readily signed by every Minister and layman present in tin Conference. On the motion of the Rev. G. fluasr, the sale of the furniture at Moruya Braid wood and Queanbeyan was authorised, the proceeds to be paid into the funds of the Church Sustentation and Extension Society. The Rev. F. B. Waterhouse was reappointed clerical treasurer of this fund as well as of the Loan Fund. The Rev. B. On WOMAN. General Secretary of Missions, novels' That the cordial thanks of the Conference be given to Mr. E. Vickery for the valuable services he has lB'.dotodto the Missionary Sno'etyin connection with the management of the John Wesley and otherwise Mr. Vickery had assisted greatly by his advice and the best of KB staff ; he had stored our goodland rendered valuable aid in many other ways, and well deserved the than Its of the Conference. The Rev. G. HURST seconded, and the Rev. C. OLDEN supported the motion, which was put, and carried unanimously. On the motion of Rev. J. GARDINER, seconded by the Rev. W. MOORE, the resolutions of last Conference in regard to temperance were ordered to be reprinted in the minutes. The PRESIDENT appointed the Revs. W. J. K. Pidding- ton, W. Fletcher. F. Tait, F. Firth, J. Gardiner, G. Lane, and Messrs. J. Wearne, J. Corbett, E. Bayliss, P. S. E. Lees, Crawshaw, and G. W. Barltsr (Rev. F. Tait con- vener), as > committee to take steps for the formation of a Sunday School Union. The PRESIDENT also appointed the Revs. G. Martin, F. Tait. F. Firth, and J. Gardiner, with Messrs. E. Vickery, W. Davies, P. P. Fletcher, and B. James, jun., convener, as a committee to carry out the resolution of Conference in reference to the publication of the advocate as a weekly paper. On the motion of the Rev. H. H. GAUD, seconded by the Rev. CHARLES STEAD, it was unanimously agreed " That the thanks of this Conference be given to the friends who have kindly entm-tainedthe ministers attending the Conference, and that this resolution be conveyed by circular." On the motion of the EX-PRESIDENT it was also re- solved,-" That the thanks of the Conference be presented to Drs. Moffitt and Walter O'Reilly, who have gratuitously examined and reported on the physical fitness of the candidates for the ministry from the various districts." It was resolved, on motion of Mr. W. DAVIES,-"That,, as travelling by railway and other public conveyances on the Lord's Day is a cause of offence to many devout and conscientious Christian, and inconsistent with the Sabbath law, this Conference expresses its disapproval of the practice, and urges its ministers and people to do all in their power to discountenance it." On the motion of the Rev. J. B. WATERHOUSE, thanks were accorded to the Revs. G. Lane, W. H. George, and I. Osborne, the assistant secretaries, and the Revs. E. J. Rodd, J. A. Waddell, and W. W. Rutledge, the correspondents for the Press. The PRESIDENT of the Conference said he would like to say a few words in closing the proceedings of the Conference. They were about to return to their several spheres of labour; each one was an orb, and as these bodies who have orbits should shine, be trussed each would shine in his particular orbit; but they could not shine unless they continually ret lined a sense of their acceptance with God; they could not grow in grace without this. It would he well to ask, " Am I a weakling ? Am I a dwarf ? Or and a giant?" They spoke sometimes of the ladder which reaches from earth to heaven : but he spoke now of the ladder of Christian experience. They were all climbing that ladder. But was it not possible that some of them were remaining in the same position on the ladder, resting on one of the rounds and not making any progress ? Let their aim be to ascend the ladder. A flood of intense worldliness was covering the colony, and he was afraid that worldliness was affecting the Churches This world liness accounted for the fact that there had been a fall ing off in the attendance at their weak evening services, and it exerted a baneful influence in the of alone. If he were right, their average piety would not counteract this evil. Every one of them, as ministers and laymen, should be determined to attain to a higher position in the divine life. They had heard the statistics read, and they were such M to give them every encouragement; still they reported a small decrease, and he could not think that that decree, small as it might be, war alt'eetherfo be amounted for by deaths, removals, and so on. They should be able to report a large increase rather than a decrease; they should not be satisfied with their progress in externals, numbers could not properly indicate the amount of good they had been doing during the year : but, 1 looking: at the number of communicants in proportion to the number of those who worship with them from week to week he felt that something? more was wanting. Their ministers he believed, could stand shoulder to shoulder with any in the colony. They did not want more pressing", or much greater pulpit ability, what they really wanted was more power. When Charles Wesley was preaching he always had six, ten and sometimes twenty conversions every " day he preached. Sometimes they were almost prone to say, " I wish we had a Thomas Collins, or a Sammy Hick, or a Billy Dawson"; but they had the memory of those noblemen, and they might obtain some of the power which they enjoyed and exercised in the world, and God was as willing to work by them as well as by these men, in the by jar 1863 they reported an increase in every district, with the exception of Western Australia in 1869 they reported a similar increase in 1868 and 1869 they had also increases; and why should they not have an increase in 1877 is all the districts in connection with this Conference ? This would only come about by prayer, and then they would possess the power they so much needed. If they were men of prayer they would become part of power, and their circuits would partake of the same spirit. Let them here consecrate themselves afresh to God ; may Christ breathe upon them and say, .. Receive ye the Holy Ghost," and as a result may Methodism greatly prosper to a still greater extent in the year 1877. The minutes were then read and signed. The holy communion was then administered to the members of the Conference, and, after prayer by the Rev. H. H. Gaud and Mr. W. Davies, the" President pronounced the benediction, and the Conference adjourned' sine die. as 