SOCIETY & PERSONAL. LIGHTS AND SHADOWS OF SPIRITUALISM. Ik a work lecently published with the above title, Mr. D. D. Home, ' the Medium ' (says the Pall Mall Gazette), has undertaken ti support his theories as a spiritualist by an appeal to hist -ry. In a rhetorical and somewhat unctuous style he surveys the early annals of Assyria and Chaldea, Egypt and Persia, India and China, and shows, or attempts to show, that spiritual manifestations were familiar to . those nations. The histories ot Greece and Rome are sub mitted to the same process, and doubtful facts as well bb unquestionable legends are quoted as authorities in support of his argument. Thus he accepts the oracles ot jjeipni as genuine revelations from the unseen world, and, because Herodotus ie a trustworthy his torian, believes all that he tels us of mystic rites ani saperna'ural phenomena. And the reference to - Id stories of strange portents is capped by allusions to Mr. Home's own experience. Thus the Emperor Vespasian saw in a temple the double of a man known to be living at a considerable distance, tnd the same species of apparition has appeared to Mr. Home. The priests of a temple at the foot of Mount Soracte are stated by ! Stra*x- and Pliny to have walked barefooted over plowing embers, and Mr. Home states that the hand- i ling of live coals without injury is a manifestation that has often occurred to himself. In the lives of saints celebrated in the Roman Catholic Church there are stories tald of these worthies having been raised from the ground, and held without physical support floating in the air. These are manifestations of great interest to the writer, since they are said to corrobo rate his own experience ; and, for the same reason, we suppose, he relates ftories of apparitions, of fatal prophesies, of magical arts, ot strange dreams and omens, as though one and all were of undoubted authority. Apollonius of Tyana, for example, to give one instance among many, is spoken of as a prophet, and the legend that he recalled a dead girl to life is giveu as an historical fact. Moreover, e\\-:ry noble, self- sacrificiiig aet re corded is traced to the agency of good spirits, and all the evil of past ages is due to the machinations of evil spirits. Characters well known in history or in litera ture are claimed as spiritualists by Mr. Home, because, like all Christians, thev believe in spiritual agencies and in a life bevond the grave. Of Wick lMe, Mr. Home writes : ' Whether he was throughout life supported in his task by communion with spirits is unknown. It may, however, be asserted with con eiderable confidence' that sufficient evidence remains to indicate his having been on more than one occasion delivered 'from imminent danger by power not of earth.' The secret of Luther's success is 'that the spirits who surrounded him forced him to their work in spite of himself. . . . j When he fainted, they inspired him ; when he was surrounded by dangfrs, they raised him up friends.' | Calvin and Torquemada, It is probable, were also supplied with spiritual guides, but guides ' of an ex- ; ceeciingly undeveloped cla b.' Bunyan, on the other \ hand, was ': one ot the noblest of spiritualists,' and the famous ghost that troubled the parsonage-house of , Ep worth, whoie doughty deeds are' carefully recorded by John Wesley, had probably a tale to untold which, had he been questioned by means of the alphabet, j ' might have convulsed Englandin the reign of George \ I.' Unfortunately, however, 'Old Jeflery' 'dis- j covered that the vicar's mind was not of a calibre to comprehend his system of spirit- telegraphy. Hu there fore 'retired in disgust.' The most important part of the volume is devoted to modern Ep ritualism, and here Air. Home clears the way for his own performances by exposing the tricks and contrivances of his brethren in the craft. It would almost seenms if he alone ha i the power of levitation— of calling up spirits and performing the signs and marvels which are attributed to mediums. There is a book called ' People from the other World ' which Mr. Home considers important enough to need a long chapter for its refutation, although as a composition ' it is almost below criticism,', and *' as. a display of reasoning altogether beneath contempt.' Th s book is probably as worthless as it is represented to be, but it can scarcely beinorefooluh than sotneof the stuff with which Mr. Home undertakes to refute it, and his dislike of the volume is perhaps due to the fact that the author does not seem to have treated him with particular respect. A chapter on ?' Absurdities ' ex poses some flagrant follies of the spiritualists, and ' total abstainers ' will be sorry to hear that some of the spirits conjured up are said to have a decided taste for gin and water. Even the Virgin Mary herself is said to like plum pudding, and Mr. Home has heard a man relate with the . gravest conviction ' how at their seances spirit voices would suddenly speak from out of the darkness, telling the sitters, ' Here we are! .The Virgin Mary's coding. Get out the sherry wine and the raisins.' ' The number of swindlers among the . spiritualists astonishes Mr. Home, and he observes, of which we have no doubt, . that spirits do not come back to this earth ' t- drink tea and play on the fiddle, to give blasphemously ludic rous commnni' ations regarding Christ and Ids Apostles, tostrutaboutinskull-capsandyellowboots, to beat people over the head with .paper tubes, to throw cushions at sceptics, or to tell people by what omni buses to travel.' What the spirits do come for we are informed in another chapter, in which under the title ' Higher Aspects ot Spiritualism ' Mr. Ho i e tells eome of his own experiences as well as facts related by friends. There is the apparition of an old woman in gray Bilk, who objects to having a coffin placed above her own, and blames a man for cutting down a tree in order to convince a friend of her identity. There is also a strange story related by Mrs. S. C. Hall of what happened one afternoon in her ' pleasant drawing-room in Ashley place,' when Miss Andrews, a medium, was present 4 'Not even this lady's beautiful hair, her soft eyesi and gentle plaintive voice,' says Mrs. Hall, 'had won us to put faith in her m'raculous powe-.' We may observe, in passing, that it would have bejn strange if they had ; but all doubt was dispersed when upon a gentleman entering the room the medium re lated a circumstance known only to himself and wife. There is also a taleof a young man who was saved from suicide by the intervention of a medium who was instructed to go out by a spi it voice, and walked along Piccadilly. ' When almost in front of Apsley House a miserable group arrested his gaze. Crouched against a wall and almost hidden by the night and the obscurity of the position thejr had selected were two most wretched figures. Their squalor and hideousness seemed scarcely to belong to earth. Indeed the medium of whom I speak doubts to this day whether the figures whom he saw were real flesh and. blood, or a phantasmagoria which spirits had created for purposes of their own. However, he halted and looked at them ; and a young man who was passing did the same. At that instart the spirit voice again made itself heard. « Speik t the person beside you,' ran the new mandate, ? and o no account suffer him to escape you.' ' ' The rest of tl ° story need not be told here, but one may l)e t,g 6 initted to wonder that the medium did not test tli reality of these figures by charitably offering them some coppers. In a passage already quoted, sir Home savs that spirits do not come back ti earth in order to play fiddles, and yet there seems no reason why a fiddle should not be as spiritual an instrument as an accordion which, when in Mr. Home's hands, is said to produce music beautiful beyond description, without the intervention of any visible touch. And it does not strike us as any proof of spiritual manifestation that a table near to which Mr. Home was sittin' should rise within a foot of the ceiling and then come down with a bang, without disturbing the lamp or other articles upon it. A long story is told by an Italian countess of a seance given by Mr. Honi'p at which her dead child reappeared to her, and promi'od ? a more distinct proof of her presence the next dav ? On the morrow a knocking was heard upon a box I which contained the little girls boo*s. With trem bling hands the countess turned the key and lifted the lid. ' On the elastic of one bo-t was im printed a perfect star, and in th? centre of the s^ar an eye. The^substance with which it is drawn is black ? it has since faded slightly, but remains still thoroughh' distinct. So mathemutically pevfe t is the draw^n™ that great skill and precision are necessary for an accurate copy to be taken. I have had an enj avin-r made of it, which Mr. Home lvill give. It is an exa-'t facsimile of that cherished token. At each of the six points there is, as will be seen, a letter. Tinted they form the name of my da ling. ' The reader has now probably been told e'nough of the ' Higher Asprc.s of Spiritualism,' and we Bh-ill only add that Mr. Home's style of composition is pretentious and vulgar, and that his mode of allusion to Christianity in connection with the supposed achievements of modem spiritu alists is in the highest degree offensive. 