POLICE COURTS. Adelaide : Monday. November 12. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., G. B. Scott, S.M., and T.S. Porter, J.P.], Joseph Carlyh, Edward DeLacty, Michael Moran. Otoen OHhre. John ifrMurrhu. Mani ?' Burn, Augusta Watson, and Ann Ilurphy, old . oflFenders, were fined 10s. each for drunkenness. DeLacey was further fined £1 for indecency, and Moran 10s. for using insulting language. William Smith, labourer, was charged with, wilfully breaking three squares of glass, value 20s., in the dwelling-house of James Copley. : Fined 10s. and ordered to pay the damage. John Maiden, Michael Coonan, and Patrick . Flanagan, young men, were fined 5s. each for ' using insulting language on West-terrace. Coonan was further fined 10s. for using indecent language. . - Arthur Anderson and Frederick Harrow, young men, were charged with wilfully smashing a ? door, value 20s., in the dwelling-house of Lucy Dwyer, Hawden-street. Fined 10s. each, and ordered to pay the damage. . ' William Underwood, labourer, was fined 20s. .. for drunkenness on two separate occasions. Emily Jane Green, a young woman, was charged with indecency. Discharged. Mi chad Babbit, labourer, was fined 5s. for drunkenness and 10s. for using indecent Ian- . guage. Henry Bartlett, a youpgman, was fined 5s. for drunkenness and 10s. for using indecent lan guage. Henry Lockwood, labourer, was charged with using insulting language. A special constable said defendant passed him in Victoria-square on Saturday last, and called him a 'ghost.' Mr. Beddome— 'Is that all ? The constable— . 'Yes, your Worship.' Mr. Beddome (to defendant— 'Then you may go.' (Laughter.) - Henry Joseph Austin, a young man, pleaded guilty to being the person for whom a warrant had been issued for embezzlement in Victoria. Remanded to Melbourne. Edward Gordon and Richard, Morris, two young men, were charged with aBEaulting Thos. Wm. Campbell and stealing from his person a silver watch and chain, value £6 10a., on Novem ber 7. Mr. W. V. Smith defended Morriss. ' The case was adjourned sine die. David McCaffrey, b youth, was charged with stealing a pair of boots, value 103., from the establishment of William Oarlyle Hutchinson, bootmaker, Hindley-street, on Saturday night. Prosecutor identified the boots produced as bis '-. property. They were hanging on a nail at his - shop door on the evening in question, and sud denly missed. From information hereceivedhe : followed the prisoner down the Etreet, and found the boots in his possession. Prisoner had them - hidden underneath his coat. Sentenced to ona - month's imprisonment with hard labour. 