SPORTING IN ENGLAND. [BY WESTON.] The meridian of the present racing- <*> season has been marked by the death of one who throughout the British Dominions was known as The Admiral. For well- nigh half a century he was the ruling spirit of the Turf, and tbe one object of his life was to promote Its best interests. A link between the past and the present, he was one of the few left who vaced when George IV. was King-. Link after link of that chain which bound the new and the old together has snapped, till now only General Peel, the Earl of Wilton, and Mr. George Payne are left The List race meeting he attended was Epsom, on the Derby Day, and on the same evening he dined with the Prince of Wales at the Marlborough Club. Thenceafter society knew him no more. During his last illness the Queen, and all the members of the BoyalFaxtulyevincedthe keenest interest in bis welfare, and his death has occasioned universal rflgret He had taken a correct diagnosis of his own case, for when asked by his medical man." What is the matter, Admiral ?" be replied— ? The matter of 82 years, doctor." Seven years ago the death of his wife—she -was found dead by his side in bed—bad been a shock, and it -was observed that the upright figure -which defied the keen blasts of Newmarket Heath stooped as it had not before, and the hair -was -whitening fast. The details of SO years of turf life can hardly be condensed within the limits of ? paragraph. But we may Bay briefly that when he took the reins at Newmarket the Jockey Club was heavily in debt, with circumscribed pos sessions, and in no way acting for the good of the Turf. Hie paid off the debt, he added some hundred acres to the pro perty of the dob, he increased its revenues more than four-fold, he elaborated a code of racing law that is a text-book through out the world, and he gave prizes at New market such as his predecessors never dreamed of. As a Turf arbitrator one of the best features in his character was his readiness to listen to any case, grievance, I or complaint, by whomsoever made, and as he frequently would cay, he was there to encourage and help those who, like himself, " were in the ten pound line of business.." Whether a better sphere of action might not have been chosen for such great abilities is not the question to be raised now or here. England and English-speaking men will not forget that ihe work which he took in hand he did with his might, and that he shed over the sport the halo of a great name, a name synonymous with honor and honesty, and which has often saved it from reproach. He commenced one of his famous letters to the Times with the words, "So long as these islands keep titeir heads above water, so long, will horse- racing flourish." And we may add so long as horse-racing flourishes will the name of Admiral Rous be cherished as that of a man " who did that he did in a general honest thought and common good to all." Would there were more like him. The earlier days of June witnessed the annnal Middle Park Sale, if there was no such sensational price as that given by Robert Peck last year, viz., 4,100 guineas for Maxmilian, still die young stock did not go for much under their value. Forty* five lots realised 12,285 guineas; making an average of 273 guineas. The colt by Rosicrucian out of Bos Blue, was generally spotted as the fancy one, and Captain Machell secured him at 1,500. The brother to Ersilia. by Kosicrucian out of Hilda, reached 1,050, and a filly by the same sire, out of Pandore, a daughter of old Caller Ore by Newminster, fetched 900. There is nothing much worth recording about the other lots, and so we may turn our thoughts from the paddock to the post. Ascort is par excellence the meeting of the year. Over the famed Berkshire heath nearly all the best horses in training strive for the mastery. Another feature in its favor is that the races of a" mile and over are numerous and important. If the two-year-old races were weaker than usual, the sport in other respects was excellent. The Queen's Stand Plate was really a match between Springfield and Kcossais. Tom Jennings thought no horse in the , world could lead fccoseais out of slips, but he found his mistake, and Springfield is probably one of the fastest horses that ever trod the turf. What weight he could give away to tbe Derby horses it would be difficult to say, bo easily did he trot away i from Rob Roy. That Silvio had some thing in hand -when be won the Derby was certainly proved by the way in which he carried his penalty and won the Ascot Derby, beating Glen Arthur and others with marvellous ease. The Prince of Wales Stakes was the good thing for Glen Arthur that on paper and judged by the Derby running it seemed to lie, and by this the Royal Hunt Cup seemed at his mercy, but the boy who rode him could do nothing with him j yet Bates considers him a nice kind horse for a boy to ride. As it fell out Lord "Wilton won it with Cradle, who thus followed the lead of his eire, Seesaw, who defeated Cock o' the Walk by a neck for this race in '69. The way that Skylark mowed down the great Rosebery for tbe Vase was astonishing. But it 18 the old story. When handicap horses meet class horses they find their level. But the hero of the week and the champion of the year is Petrarch, and there is now no question that he is a Cup horse of the first quality, and all doubts as to his stamina are removed. Tom Cannon made a waiting race of it, and going down the Sevinley Bottom lie was about 200 yards behind Sugarloaf, who until lie bolted made tremendous play. A mite from horns F. Archer forced the pace on Skylark to find out any weak spot, but Petrarch stayed as well, and always having the speed of his rival won very easily when Tom Cannon asked him to go to the front. Appended are details of the principal events:—' The Gold Vase, given by Her Majesty, added to a sweepstakes oi 20 sora. each. Two miles; 9 subs. Ziord Falmouth'e b.c. Skylark, by King Tom —Wheatear, 4 yre, 9 sfc. (F. Archer) ... 1 Mr. Masque's Hosebery, 5 vib., 9 sfc. 3 lbs. (Clement) , 2 Mr. W. Bevill's Bhidsrroch, 3 yra, 7 et. 7 I •lte.{Uewbon£e) 8 Mr. BaltnczTs John Day, 4 yxs^ S sfe. 1O lbs. (J. Goater) o Mr. Beddington's A%re, S yrs, 7 rt. 7 lbs, (Morgan) : O Duke of Monbrae's Labyrinth, 4 vrs., 7 st. 121fae.<Moran) „. ... 0 Duke of Westminster's Dalham, 0 yiu, 0 st. 3 U*. (F.Webb) 0 Betting—7 to 4 agst Rosebery, 4 to 1 i agst Skylark, 6 to 1 each agst Altyre and John Day, 300 to 15 agst. Dalham, and 10 to 1 agst. Rhidonoch. Altyre and Laby rinth cantered in front, followed by Bhi dorroch and Skylark, John Day lying next, cleat of Boaeliery and Dalham, who were several leugtlis behind. After rounding the top turn Labyrinth took up the run ning, and simultaneously with the advance of Hosebery into third place John Day be came fourth, HMdorroch going on fifth, clear of Skylark and Dalham, which pair we?e tailed off a long way flesceudW; the Swinley Hill. There Was no other change "worth mentioning until half-way through the Swinley Bottom, when Altyre resumed the lead, and John Day joining him at the turn into the old course, the pace improved sufficiently to get rid of the steeple-chafier, who was successively passed by Roaebery, Rhidorroch, and Skylark, before Teaching the last turn. Altyre and John Day entered the straight side by side, and the former giving way directly afterwards left the lead With John Day, Skylark, the .latter of' -whom settled the favorite without, an effort, and won in a ' cantor by three lengths, Ilhidorrocu fiaisV _ug a neck behind Bosebery, a length in advance of John Day, who was unquestion ably "second best" Dalham cantered in next, and Altyre whipped in. Tbb Botai HraT Ctrp, value 300 ton, with 160 save, to the second, and 60 sovb. to the third, added to a J^f?ii??p of 10 bovb. each. New mile. 92 nibs. Lord Wilton's brJ. Cradle, by Seesaw— Honeymoon, 4 yrs., 6 et. 4 lbs. {Hopkins} I Mr. Maunington'e Button, 6 yrs., 7 et. 7 lbs. Mr. W. 8. Crawfurd'e Prince George, 4 yrs., 6 st. IS lbs. (Gallon) 3 Captain Starling's Whitebait, 6 yrs, 8 et. (F. Archer) 0 Dolce of Montrose'e Hopbloom, 6 yrs, 7 at. 9 lbs. (car. 7 st. 10 lbs.) (Glover) 0 Mr. T. Cannon's Timour, 5 yrs., 7 tit. 9 lbs. i (Watte) 0 Lordl J on?dale'Jester,4yr?,7 Bt.7lba.(oar. ' 7 st. 8 lbs.) (C. Archer) 0 Mr. H. Bird's The Ghost, 5 yn., 7 st. 6 lb?. (Hnzteble) O Mr. Mitchell-InnesVi Saint Leger, 5 yet., 7 st. 5 lbs. (Dodge) 0 lord Anglesey's The Grey Friar, 3 yrs, 7 St. 4 lbs. (J. Mncdonald) 0 Mr. T. Hagbetfs Bowkton, 4 yn, 7<rt. 4 lbs. (J. Edwards) 0 Mr. E. Hbtacm's Ernest, 3 yrs, 7 at/4 lbs. (Newhouse) 0 Mr. Rymill's ChaatceUor, 5 yrs, 7 et. 2 lbs. (F.Jeffery) ... ... 9 Mr. Cornwall's Babagaa 11., 5 yrs, 7 et. (Glwstermaa) 0 Lord Bosebery'e Bosbach, 3 yn, 6 st. 10 lbs. (Morgan) 0 Lord Howe's Tetrarch, 4 yrs, 6 st. 10 lbs. (W. Macdonald) 0 Mr. Harris's Garteriy Bell, 5 yrs.. 6 st. 9 Iba, (Heather) 0 Count F. de Lagrange's Fivonnet,3yra,6st. 4 lbs. (W. Johnson) 0 Duke of Westminster's Helena, 3 yrs, 6 st. 2 lbs, car. 0 st. 2 Iba. (A. Wood) 0 Mr. B. Jardine's chx. Bteaihmore by Man drake—The Thane, 3 yrs, 5 at. 10 lbs. (J. Jones) 0 Mr.Battaori's Getrofien, 3 yrs. Sat. 7 lbs. (Lemaire) 0 Lord Bradford's Piccalilli, 3 yes, 6 st. 7 lbs. (Greaves) 0 Betting—3 to 1 agst. Strathmore, 6 to 1 agst. Whitebait," 100 to 15 agst. Cradle, 10 to 1 agst. Helena, 100 to 6 each agst. Hopbloom and ICosbach, 20 to 1 each a<ret. St Leger, Sntton, and Prinre George, 25 to 1 each agst. Jester andKagabas 11., 100 to 3 agst. the Ghost, 40 to 1 each aget. The Grey Friar and Get roften, and 50 to 1 agst. Chancellor. They got away at the second attempt, and the two blue jackets of Cradle and Strathmore instantly showed in advance, followed, as near as we could make oat, by Piccalilli, Bowkton, Helena, Sutton, Whitebait, Prince George, The Grey Friar, Getroffen, and Hopbloom, which lot extended in a line across the course clear of the rock, which -was whipped lit by Timottr, Chan cellor, Babagas 11., and Garteriy Bell. The race does not call for lengthy description, &3 ft partook of the nature of a match between Cradle and Strathmore until the hitter, after running a long way in difficulties, died away at the foot of the hill, when Helena, Piccalilli, RowktoTi, Hopbloom, Getroffen, and the Grey Friar, also hong out signals of defeat. Whitebait there upon took second place, but running out to the right opposite the stand, was passed by Suttou and Prince George, who foiled, however, to reach Cradle, who won by a length and a half, twice that distance separatirip: second and third. At a wide I interval Piccalilli was fourth, Rosbach fiftfa, Helena sixth, Hopbloom 'seventh, Strathmore eighth, and Getroffen next, all together, just in advance of Pivonnet and St. I-eger. the last lot being Babagas 11.. Jcetcr, acd Chancellor. Tub Gold Cfp, value 1,000 bovb, with 300 iots. for the second, and 100 soys. for the third, ;:iV.ed to a subscription of 20 soys. each. About two miles cud a half. Thirtr-iix subs. Tiord Londiiie'a Fetrarcfi, by Lord Clifton laiir?, 4 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (Cannon) ... 1 Lord Faltuouth's Skylark, 4 jrs, 8 ?t. 10 lbs. (F. Archer) ?„ 2 Mr. Acton's C?oma?sie, 5 yrs, 9 st. (Glover) 3 Duke of Hamilton's Wild Tommy, 4 yra 8 st.lOlb?.(Caifance) ... ... "... 0 Cnke of Hamilton's Sogarloaf, 3 yis_ 7 st 5 lbs. •Boasitrr) q Lord Kosebery'e Controversy, 6 yn. 9 at. 6 lbs. (Constable) „ q Betting—Even on Petrarch, 7 to 4 agst Syklart, 100 to 8 agst. Coomassie, 25 to 1 agst Controversy, 25 to I a<rst the Duke of Hamilton's pair. Sugar loaf jumped off at his best pace, as if the distance was half a mile only, and on passing the stand had a clear lead of nearly a hundred yards, Controversy and Skylark lying next abreast, clear of Coomassie, several lengths behind whom followed Petrarch and Wild Tommy side by side, i At the top tarn Cootrorerey drew ctear of I Skylark, and Wild Tommy parted company • with Petrarch, who momentarily ran slug gish, as if anxious to retarn to bis corn bin i at the stables close by, which will account for Tom Cannon "driving" 1 him to catch bis horses at that point. Descending the Swinley Hill, Sngarioaf increased his lead, , but had not proceeded two hundred yards along the bottom before he bolted out of the cou:6e by jumping the ditch which runs alongside it. Controversy was thereby left with the lead, and Petrarch having re passed Wild Tommy at the foot of the hill, soon_ gave Coomassie the go-bye, taking his place at the quarters ; of fetoykrii, in wtocU order they ran to the I Brick-kilns, where Wild Tommy got on better terms with his horses. It turned ! out to be an expiring effort, however, as lie dropped further astern before reaching the last turn, where the two fovoritascfosed simultaneously vrith Controversy. When fairly in the straight both headed him, \- Petrarch, who was on the outode, having his neck in front, and gradually increasing' bis advance, he settled Skylark at the dis tance, and won, without being called upon, by a length; Coomassie, who got within two lengths of the leading pair at the dis tance, finished six lengths behind the second, a dozen in advance of Wild Tommy; whilst Controversy, -who palled up very leg-weary, trotted in some distance behind. 