CHiPIEB II. WDI Bo|den had been atnngely beautiful as a child. Be had a large head, and luminous, large eye-, and eflvery hair that blew softly ?boot bis head ; eo beautiful, that his mother was sometimes frightened. His father took it more calmly. One dav, when lire. Burden bad been fretting, asking in her awed way where the boy got bis looks, old Burden went to his eectetary, and drew out boo it an engm-ed psrtnit of s certain Burden, buried a hundred yearn before, wbo bad died young in the ministry. ' last's Antanr, »on know,' aaid be ; 'old Antony who left Norwich on account o' that lov»«ross with his cousin.' Them TO a stsiz&D;' resemblance between the pale image of the preacher and the joyous, beautiful little boy: but it did not comfort WSI'a mother, fine knew the tradition of poor Antony'e disappointment in love, which had driven him away bom Connecticut to tbe tben FerWest of New Tort, and it troubled her. 'Pray Heivet), W31 is not to ehare of his fate!' she murmured, with pious aadneaa. But as Will grew, be threw off enough of ibis ancestral Burden, and enough of hit rare chudiA bloom, to secure him against immediate disaster, h seemed. He went too far, however, and became protH, eccentric, peculiar. He entered school with Ik Appergul and Martha, bat be was never bright at anything but hi. Beada-. He ni always unluckv in games, being f srwrer ?* it ' fw tag, aad mortally dreaded the laugh of his fellows wben he nnaaed catching or tutting a baU. Ik, on the contrary, was wonderfully sandy at tU tports, and sad ?reu mechanical aktU. Once, he act op behmd die Doubleday'a bouse, on a littk meadow brook, a email eaw-miti having a lively asar some two inches long, which f—J—t— » Martha and entWai to the heart with envy. He tried a long time to make one lifce tt^ but ^-^*fr ano* 'Foot Wat!' cried Ik, when he found ft out, 'J5-» eantbnOd snflls: Ton loot balf the time aa if yon saw a ghost.' Tben the boy endeavooied to look as if he did wot tee ghosts, but, being unable to dis cover bow it waa done, gave it op again, and resigned himself. About this time, hia father. wfaose mvoorite mbject ot thought and ois~ coarse was that of bis numerous cood Con oeetient ancestors, betas to tell the boy old family histories. Among the*, he related the romantic episode of Will's greatgrandfather Antony'* erie iata Sew York, wad early death tbere. AU this sank deep mto the boy's mind — deeper than any one imagmed Heiettthat a new work! was opened to mm, where he atood abova bia aaceeasfol achool^compankKia, and where be could escape their ridicule. He secretly reaofvof tnat some day be wooU become rich and powerful like hia ancestor*, and then! ? * ? Ateevantero, he told Us fattier with a grand manner that be meant to be ahwyer. Old Burden was deugbted. He had a friend, an Assemblyman, at AlbanT, and thither they went in long snd solemn pugrim age, to consult him. WBI was then a tall, braad-ahouldeKd, but slender lad, with cheeks as dean and smooth as rose^aave*. His eyes be commonly held east down, indescribably shaded by tbe long kobe*, eo that they seldom met vou1* ejantc dinctly. But now and rheo he looked out swiftly for an instant; with a wide, rapt £az#, fall of light and meaning. Hie Assemblyman examined him severely, and was not well impressed. He kept his hands m his pockets, jingling some keys and a cork-screw, and awaved op and down on his tow, while Burden talked to him. *' Oh, yes, yes.' be ssid. M Send him down to New York, when he gets teady. and 111 take cueof him.*' WBI blsxed out with one of those flashing glances, and aaid aturdily : ' Pm ready now.' 'Good!' cried the lawyer, changing his style completely. 11 When t get through law-makiug,' he said deridedlf, ' FU be glad, young man. to under take the making of a lawyer oat of jroa-' So father and son relumed to the ham, and three nsn passed before the eammons^ame. But these three veer, altered ererytnine. Old BcrdeodieJ. and Will's taste tor' the law bad time to grow very weak, and be hsd wandered farther and farmer into *' tbe oorridora of time,'* searching for sr-gsae men. SHU be befcirw* bravely. He left Columbine, bent noon making a good fight to be praetieal, and went down the Hudson ta the gnut car, with big j resolves beating high in his breast, much as the i clanking engines shook the boat be was on. But all bis ancestors went w£t*i him. *t'be Uw-ofiee was not large enough to hold Burden and his ancestor* too ; and so be bad to leave it. In fine, he failed in bis law-stndy as com pletely as he had in aa« uuU building. And then be judiaaaah/ decided to go home and write poetry. 