LITTLE RIVER. (Fhoaroun ovIT coRInEs ipOmImnT) - Twa celeinony of laying the foendit ionl stonc of :the iinew Englis church at. You. Yan s Little Rivotr took place on Wednesday, the 13.th instantt. The Right Rloverend Dir. MIoorihouse, Bisdlp:: of Molloirrne officiated, assisted by the Rev M. Goodman, M.A., of Geelong the Rev I Calm pistor o.f the ditrict?, and ithe trustees, of theli buidin Thi??e'wBiitholihin accordne e wi~h.the rdei, of servie observed on such, occasions, said that it was cusitomaiy, ii the erection of 'ill snch edifices, to lay with: solemnity .some principal stone to re i esent the foundation or coirec stoine: Ini adc cid?idance withh this custom iej were now asl: :sembled to l'ty the foundation (or coentr) stonie of a building to be dedicated to t:he special sirvic?id of God. The Rev. Mr. Goodman then proeeeded with the ieading of the. service; which is in the foi- ii of a gprayer, contains ;the .Christin :creed and is intispersed vwithl hymns suitable fo the occasiond A scroll lontainincgs the datei of thei t ilection, mof tlhe edifice, the names of the Goveinoi of Victoria, !thi · C Seeerre taryL of ornthe ove- i entIet thed President' of the Shire, oitiucil; the tinistees of the build~inand othieirs immediately codiected tbeiewilh was then deposited in the cavity maide foi its iebption. The coini. stone Sdas tlhenelevated, when the Bishop; with a silver .trowel pries~nted :t him foi sthe purpose. aving s.mohed the mo r:aro aioundthe cavitycona:inif Sthe iscoll, the ston te waslowered to its posii and the -Bishopgently tappig- it with a hamimer :said "ll lJ tlfis founidtion (oficornerj tbon of c hto be cl hilethe c .if . Si.t .a.es, in the nam f th Fater; an d of the Son and of :the Rely Ghost;~p ~ ·~ i Ame n Anaddre~ss wathe read by the clinich5 Secretaiy, welcmial the Bishoand.: ?ishin him God.speed in the wok of hisDivinie Master giving due praise to thiii pasti .theRev Mr Can, if comiplimienting the itis'ftees foi the. strenuous effoits they had inade!I and ederiing thiks to the eoneral ,pablic foi. their liera:ity i? -the way of donations to the liildiing': Particular reference having been made to the very meitked liberality of F W. Armytoage Esq. of Woolanianatta, who, on a recent occasion 'of a ihke :nature, generously and unsolicited gave :£1000 towards the erection of anEnglish church at Larabesides £100 he has annually given to the ?iirgyman's stipend, the Bishop took occasion to lpubliclyacknowledge his munificent generosity,and waimly ieihorted all whom fortune had circum stainced in a -similar position of affluence to follow Mr.: Arimyita ge's praiseworthy example, arid con" tribute-liberailly to the Church, and the -cause ofi Christ, ourr Redeemer, throughout the land. Thea Bishop wished to be clearly understood a:s not laski.ng anyone to strain for effect, and give beyond hismeans. But, having ascertained what he could. aofford to give without injury to himself or famil?; then let him do it ungiuidgihgn1, and?iii his . hole heart and soul. :e theo hit it- was a bad pdan that of collectino' moniey by what ihe might 'term convulsivo fits and st~ ts l?'et eaclih nei ?l 'culate his mieanshis :octd"i' ad incomings, I:also: his liabilitis, d a.hi vir'ekoned' wh- h can safely afford to give, let him just look upon it as an item to be paid away in his yearly expendi ture. He would further tell them it was not the amount given, but the christian spirit in which the offering was conveyed that was most pleasing in the sight of God. And he with an income of £100 per annum, if he gave one-tenth, gave just as much as he of £1,000 a year who gave £100. A collection was then made, which resulted in offerings to the amount of £10 6s. 3d. being laid on.the stone. The ceremony was then brought to a conclusion by the singing of a hymn, the reading of a prayer, and the pronouncing of the benediction.by the Bishop. The building will be obf stone, and the style plain Gothic. Its cost will be'£400, of which £220 is now collected. : 