ALBURY. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. The week set in with fine bracing weather. A clear sunny sky, and a sharp south wind, made active out-door exercise very enjoyable during the whole of Sunday, Monday and Tuesday, and on Tuesday night there was just the least suspicion of a white frost. On Wednesday however, a change took place; the thermometer rising, and the barometer falling, with a dull leaden sky which portended rain and plenty of it. Nor was the premise unfulfilled. About 3 o'clock'in tho afternoon, of Wednesday a few slight showers came down, earnest of,what was to follow. Later in the day a fine steady lain/set in, which continued with few and" brief intermissions throughout tho whole cf thu night and tho following days. So lar us I lmvo bren nblo to leam, this rain liai been paierai. Accounts to hand from Hiingownnnnh, Howlong, Moorwatha, Corowa, Jindera, Gerogery, Mnllcngtndrii, Gcrniajiton, and ulong thc Upper Murray,' all report u copious fall, nnd aro jubilant thereon ; and tlu re can bo no doubt that it will do n world of good. As tho sun has not yet attained any great power, tho grass generally is in tirst-rate condition ; but if tho feed has not been' lmmi.<A up, the crops in 0:10 or two places woro beginning to-draop for luci: of moisture, and could not havo withstood nuother week of dry weather without being seriously in jurel. Tho rain has come just in the nick of time, and places the question of tin abundant harvest beyond all reasonahlt-doubt. Tho grass is abo benefited wonderfully by tho full; in many parts you can almost seo it grow, ¡1 period of two days making sntliclent diü'erouce in the apponrutcoiof n paddock to itriko tho most careless observer. Stuck uro picking up more rapidly just now than they huvo done sinne tho end of tho drought. On tho'whole, tho district may bo said to bo free from disenso, though cases of pleuro aro îitill reported on tho Victorian side nf til« river. Stork transactions are still didi, not- withstanding the improved aspect uf tho country. With tile improved stale of tho pastures, dairy produce, which has been very V'earco und ut famine prices for a longtime past, is now becoming moro plentiful aud cheaper. Flour also Ls falling in prices, being quoted by Howlong millers nt £14. It is a shade above t'iis rate in Albury still. The result of i be Freo Selectors Conference in Sydney i was watched with much int ¿rest hero by ull connected with agricultural pursuits, nnd^-tnem! satisfaction was exprès.cl I upon learning tho do)et:utesy hud Ih-inly rejected tho proposal* of alliance with the Wonting Men's Defence Association. Ko far us this district is i.-oucernel there is no doubt that tho i selectors will hohl fast ',0 the programme agreed tn by their repräsentative.-'. That is, of course, when tho occasion arises. ! At prient they arc wi jil enough satisfied with their motnber. who has always slowly fought, for tho selecting intérisí. Should the district bv#accorded additional representation the second member will hu ve to subicribo to the Conference [programme before he-gets the selectors' vote. In compliance with a tclccram from die Mayor of Sydney, tho Mayor of Albury hus called a public meeting for'Tuos I day noit, to CODS ¡der what Fjteps should bo laken in nid of \ the Indian Famine ltelief Fund. Thc .quantity'of wool passing through the (own, on its way to tho Wodonga, railway station, shows a marked fall- ing oß conn «jed with the returns at this -season in previous yeats. This is no doubt, principally owing to tbedelicieucy in the clip, canned by the late drought. At some of thu largest stations in the district the deficiency is very serious. A meeting of the Board of Directors for the newly created sheep district of the Hume, held a few days since at Germanton, Mr. Gordon Bruce was appointed inspector. Mr. Thomas Mitchell Woomargama, was elected chair man of the Board. Amongst other business trnusi"!.-l, was thc pissing of a rcsolation to the effect that, as tn-xiptaions nf the lora! Bairds 1-jid bein altogether ignored in one or two important matters,,» letter should be writtcu, asking tlvit the powers of theAlirectors (if tbov have any) be clearly defined. At Bethanga operations in connection with tho new s.-nclting works, for the treatment of tho copper ore. have now fairly commenced. During the week Me-:sr3. Harris und-Hadlow -marked ct a site tor tho farniccf. and the cere- mony ol' turning tho lirst red MUK performed withdue for- mality, in the presence of 11 large crowd of spectators. Work, n>-.v'cniii.tieiifi.tl, v.ill b ? carried on with energy, and ii is fully autierpated that bofore two months (rom "the present date tiwi furnaces «-ill lie in full swing. For tome time past the propri.'t >r.< ot amalgamated claims Noa. -iandö, ca the EnipresB line, have been nuder the impre-siou that their quart/, was yielding more gold than' was saved at the machine : thii wcik they determine-.! to put the iiiutter toa practical test bv huming tho t ulmus, ann the result o; the experiment has been the recovery of a large per courage of g-'id. At Khodes's milla crushmgirnm tho Excelsior claim was Ünished ou Saturday, with very satisfactory result?. This week the sime mill is at work upou a parccrirom the New Year's Gift, about St) tons having be?ncarted down to the machine. In this chum the proprietors have let the portion of their ground from the second shaft south to the boundary pegs ton p;r:y of tributors for twelvemonths, There will now, for some timo to come, be over thirty men employed on this claim alone. Messrs. Itedolin, Davis, and Co. fare getting up the copper ore as rapidly ns possible, tim! have a kiln of 'about IGO' tons all ready fer burning. Tho ore uoiv being raised conics from the ' lSU-foot level, where the lode looks ns well us, if not better, than ever it did. At S.ibelberg's mil!, several small parcels have been pul throus.li for varions owners with generally satisfactory results.. At Mr. Spargo'* mill, a lot of 40Í tous ha« beer cleaned nt> from Messrs. M'Crea and Hums' claim, the lol yielding the very handsome return of 118 oz. 15 dwts. This is tho largest yield from a similar quantity of stone which has ye: bci-u obtained from any claim ut Bethanga, and is largely in excess of the return nntieipated. The last crush ing from this claim gave onlv 2 oz.' ? tlwts. to th'; ton. Mr. Spargo "appears to bc very successful in tho matter of saving gold. He'intcnds erecting largo pans for thc treatment of the mys- terious mineral which passes on the diggings by the name of blackjack : tbemodeof treatment will be, I am informed, similar to that adopted in various paris of Victoria with success, in iho ruse of pyrites. Mr. Spargo has had mucii experience in this p.-.rtii:ufir branch of bis business, and will, therefore, havo a fair chance of succeeding in tho effort j to extract tho gold which is known to exist in the black- jack. Should te manage the job it will prove n great boon to the . locality, ns most of the good claims have now boon worked down to tho level nt which thc sluiï comes in. and failing the discovery o!" some pinn to extract the go'd many of thc ree;*» will soon bo worked nut ; whilst, if thc block jack can only be proved payable, then a now era of prospe j rity will ba opened up for ibo district. Suioe, the dato'of my last good progress has been made with the er.'iHion of "the c'ti'hiug mill at Blnek Ringo Creek for 'he One Treo Hill iocf. Tho machine is ar. I f-ight-st.impcr buttery, aud is now half built. Tho erection of this machine ought to give an impetus tn prospecting operations in tho lucility, which have been altogether aban - j doned for a long time past. One or two enthusiastic turfites aro wrath with the I Government for falling to take into account the spring meeting »f the Victoria Racing Club when ilxing the poll ! ing day for the Hume election. This day is tho 5th November, und as thc Melbourne Cup-the great Victorian carnival-takes plar.e on tho fitla, there was somo guash iug of teeth at tho idea of being compelled to choose between duty to one's country and the fascinations of Flemington. I do not think, however, that lo.-al lovers of U ¡.port will have to sacrifice themselves. In tho first place, it is scarcely likely that any ono will have tho hardihood to con- test tho seat with Mr. Day: and secondly, nobodv who did so would havo tho ghost of n a chañes of succeeding, even though every voter in Albury were to run off to Melbourne ou Guy Fawkes Day. The following selections were taken up at the Albury Land Office on Thursday:-E. Post, 75 acres, Cookardinia ; Samuel Watson, 114? acres, Gerogery; T. H. MATE, 320 lucres, BURRUMBUTTOCK; John Tucker, SO acres, Vautier; Isaac Cliff, 50 acres, PULLETOP; Richard Chant, 80 aoje?, Germanton : J. J. Adams, 180 aeros. Manus ; George i Lander. 120 acres. Manus ; James Osborne Morrice, SO ! aeres, Mountain Creek. Mr. George Day has this morning issued his address tc the electors, announcing his intention again to ' come for- ward for tho Hume. Ho does not outer into particulars with regard to his political views, but promises to addresi the electors at length on tho day of nomination. The season. promises to be a favourable ont? for. tin orehardists. Plums, cherries, and pears have set'wrjU ; th peaches, however, are as usual, much affected with blierht and many varieties of npplo aro in the samo stato. Th vines have made a good start, and so far appear to bo in very healthy condition, but it is greatly'tobo feared tba unless some change takes placo in the tastes of the public the winegrowing.industry w ill in a fow voars dio out. lt i already languishing, as tho winemakers lind no loco market, and tho demand outsido tho tUslrict docs not kee paco with. the increasing supply. Had it not been, in deed, for thc energy of Mr. J. T. Fallon in pushing tie s?.'l in other colonies and abroad, tho production would berni this havo been too great for the requirements of the (Trade. October 20..". .. 