SPORTING NOTES FEOM NEW ZEAUm, By KSBELM. CHRI8TCHURCH, APRU. 19. There was a pleasant Utile meeting at Oamaiu on the 5th and 6th AferiVand Mr. Delamain, who all through the Beaaonup to the present has been very unfortunate, won no 1MS than five events Commencing with the Maiden Plate, which Titania-b/ Malcon (imp.) fiom Mountain Nymph (iuip)-won in a canter, and passing over a selling race, the big handicap of the meeting brought out Te tuple ton and Guy Faux, Mr. Redwood's faoree conceding 61b, This he could not do on this occasion, being naturally a bit stale with the amount of work he has done this year. He consequently succumbed, in a slow lunrace, by a length. Not satisfied, however, he was, as usual, pulled out again for the Tradesmen's Handicap, in which be ran eecond to the Maiden PJate winner. Four vtry eecondratere made up the field. The pport. commenced on the second day with t he Hurdle Race, followed by the Publicans' Handicap; and in this event the Dunedin Cup winner, Fishhook, disposed of both Templeton and Guy, after a really good race. In the Flying Handicap he did not show to puch advantage, as he finished last of four starters; Mr. Delamain's two fillies, Titania and Pungawerewere, being respectively first and eecond. Tbe stewards considered the tnnning of Fishhook to be suspicious, and held a meeting immediately after the race, which resulted in the disqualification of O'Brien's horse. A consolation, won by Pungawerewere, wound up two davs' fair sport. I am glad to Bee that the Oamaru meeting not only shows eignB of revival, but bids fair to be one of the best up-country fixtures in New Zealand. The course ia a most beantiful one, and the stewards intend going in for improvements of all kinds before next season. Tbe Canterbury Autumn Meeting was held on the 17th and IStb, when the stewards were favoured with beautiful weather. Good fields were the order of the day, and the racing throughout was quite up to the mark. Tbe first race on the card-the Leger-was, as has been the case for the last two years, a failure, only two going to the post forit-viz., Mr. Redwood's Puriri (who had won the Danedin Derby in a canter) and Dead Heat. Tbe latter never had the ghost of a show throughout This race will be expuaged from tbe Canterbury programme after next y^ar. The Champagne Stakes brought out a field of seven, six of them being by Traducer, and a very good-looking lot they were. Webb's stable ran first, second, and third, his nags having tbe pull in condition. Ray, however, supplied the favourite in Mireille, a half-sister of Tambourini's, but I am inclined to think that staying, and not speed, will be found to be her forte. Trump Card, the winner, I have already spoken of in high terms, and I look npon him as likely to develops into a racehorse of the highest cha racter. His dam, Revoke, was one of the best looking and best performers of the daughters of Sir Hercules. She has not hitherto been fortunately mated; but the cross with Tra ducer has resulted in a great improvement on any of her previous foals. Jangler, who ran second, is a big powerful colt, who ptaould pay his way if his legs Btand. Tell Tale and Oberon, two undeniably-bred ones, are rather on the small scale. Ladybird, the half-Bister to Guy Faux, does no credit to berillustrious relationship; but Foul Play is a well-grown, useful colt. His owner was unlucky in not being able to send Tres Deuce (sister to Calumny) to the post, as, owing to an accident a fortnight before the race, ane was unable to put in an appearance. With regard to the race itself the interest was par tially destroyed by a very bad start, of which the winner had considerably the worst. Condi tion brought bim home, however, and a good fi nish resulted in his receiving a neck verdict Eleven were saddled for the Great Autumn Handicap; Bribery, who had been a firm favourite ever since the appearance of the weights, rewarding the confidence of her stable and backers by winning with some thing in band by a length and a half from Pungawerewere, with the inevitable Guy in the third place. Fallacy. Danebury, aud Puriri had all admirers, but they were never in the hant with the favourite. The winner is a very plain, powerful mare by Traducer oat of Ethelred, the latter being by Riddlesworth (imp). She was purchased joss before tbe Wellington Meeting by Mr. Redwood from Mr. Griffith, by whom she was bred, and has alwayB been credited with galloping powers. Her only pnblic performance before this wasin tbe Dnnedin Derby, won by her stable com panion Puriri. The Steeplechase, the first event of the eecond day, was won by Tommy Dodd after a splendid struggle with Mouse trap. Nothing would go down but Bribery f<>r the Flying StukeB, and she won in a esnter, with Punga again as her nearest at tendant After a Selling Race, won by Foal Play, twelve weighed out for the Easter Handicap, and, for the third time, they made Bribery the favourite. She, however, was destined to be defeated on this occasion, and, after a really splendid race, Pungawerewere revenged herself for her previous defeats by geiting home firet by a neck. The South Canterbury Meeting, atTimaro, will be followed by another at Ashburton, and tbe jumping fixtures at Waimati and Oamarn. These, with tbe birthday meetings at Auckland and Dunedin, will bring the racing season of 1876 7 to a close. The Middle-park Stud Co. have been fortu nate in getting out all the line English mares rt cently selected for them by Mr. W. Bevill, sound and well. I enclose their names and pedigrees Aglais, ch m, by Enoweley-lliaa Wilkinson, by Cossack-The Bee, by 8weetme*t-Wasp, by Muley Moloch-dam. by Emilias oat ot Bee la a Bonnet. Krowsley, by Stockwell-Orlando mare. Aglala is si in ted to Tbe Speaker, by Filbert-son ol Nutwith. Fienrange, ch m, foiled la 1872, by Consu1 II ad emoiaelle de Fontenoy, by Helrof Lynne -Twilight, by Velocipede. Consul by Mou&rque-Lady; Lilt, by Sir Hercules. En Avant, b f, foaled in 1878, by Lord Lyou-lady Marv, by Orlando-Bplltvote, by 8L Luke-Eleotreos, by Election. Lord Lyon by Stookwell-Paradigm, En Avant U out of the dam ot Gang Forward. Sbrenua, brf, (oalsd in 1874, by tbe Duke-Mellona, hy Teddington-Honey Dear, by Plenipotentiary. The Duke by Siock well-Bay Gelia, by Orlando. Btrenui is own sister to Dukedom. Bupee (late Hall Orown), b m, foaled in 1S7I, by Dollar-Minoucbe, by tbe Baron-Fiction, by Boyal Oak or Physician-Deoeptlon, by Defence. Dollar by the Flying Dutchman-Payment by 81ane. Of the above Aglaia is by far the beat looking, and next to her I like Strenaa. Tbe Stud Company held their first sale a few days ago, and qaitted the only three doltB offered at fair prices. Mr. Nosworthy held his Bale the same afternoon, and Mr. Griffith the following day. In both cases buyers from other provinces wen conspicuous by their absence, but the prices obtained were certainly satisfactory. The sensation of Mr. Nos worthy's sale was the 1,100 guineas paid by Messrs. Lancelot Walker and G. 8tead for Le Loup, a grand oolt by Tradnoer ont of Mermaid, and consequently own brother to Lurline. Mr, Griffith's sale was a great success. The Middle-park Company bought three oat of the four English mareB, and Mr. Nosworthy got a bargain in the fourth (Aurifera) at 275 guineas. Old Traducer went to the Send Company at 800 guineas, Albany (by Thor. manby from Griselda) to Mr. Nosworthy at 500, and, in the handsome and fashionably bred Blueboy, who was sold as a yearling in England for 1,100 guinea*, Mr. Delamatn got a cheap investment at 160 guineas. 