MQmT GAMBLER WESLEYAN ^^yERSARy^,; :. The-.jWcsleyana of Mount Gainbie/'. can,look bncK upon the mmivWsary celebration of Itleir j church in 1877 us an eminently successful. ono. The, (jirorts that .were made, to ensure its being | 8«6uesM'iinV/nihieil uut xm"- worthy .of their rewurd/j . ft, wn^ ,(leteniiinc^l eomljipo the i anniversary with the ^erciuony of laying the j mpuioriiil 'stone, of tbo additions to the church, now iu course of ereoiioi'i. The one. event' assisted the other. The liev. S. Knighf,' Presi dent oUbciMiuih Aust!uiitui.'v.'oiif!'reiu:f, .honors tho occasion with hU .presence niid assistance *yfp'l}UA: 4iysu.\v-:Sj5UvicK8. .... There./wore, three, special services on bund^y, These'wfcf'e cbifdrieted'by the 'Rev, Mr. kmglit,. aiid the lUteujin'uofc litraoij wa^largc. ? During tta.itot-service Mr, Jinight preacluM fi'oiu Hebrews xiit l uiul 2, ristifriUgwrinoii on "Tho Clirisli«n .llacd'" iioilitiiig out, in a telling and interring - W^yf tluit in ordor to ensure victory in this race tlie runnerjnust.go lightly, by.tbio\y lug aside'bvery encunibranco ; must rail with patioaco'"' and submission to t!ic ? t reatment" o God, hisphysician,; and must look to Jesus., In the afternoon lie preached on the " Incarnation Of Christ." from Luko ii. H. His text intho evehufg was Psalm xcii. 4,' from which lio delivei&d; u powerful. disc6urie oi|-gn\titivJe to God for his goodness. Collections were made nt eacli servieo iu aid of the enlargement' of the church;! The church choir, under tho,;lead' of uMr. J. Lambert, led the singing ,most efficiently. ' . ? : . -LAYING OF THE MEMORIAL STONE. ? ? It was announced that on Monday afternoon at 8 o'clock the memorial stono of tho additions w'ouldvbe laid, and a considerable number1 of persons assembled to witness the proceedings, At'about half-past three tho Rev. Mr. Stubbs, pastor of tho" circuit, arrived ; and then Mr. S. T; Webb, who had consented to lay tho stone, and ft number of friends, including tho Rev, S.t Kwglit, R. A. Caldwell, nndT. Jarrett, ascendod tho prepared scaffolding, anove which the stono. was suspended. A hymn having been sung, tho, Jtev'. A. Stubbs . offered prayer, aud tho lvov. Mr. Onldwcll read Psalm lxxxiv. The Rov. Mr. Stubbs then, on behalf of tho Trusteed of tho Churoh, called upon Mr. S. T. "Webb to bvy tho stone. ! Tho bottle containing the usual records was placed'iu t he cavity bouoath tho stone, which, W tlion duly laid. Having* performed his ^r. Webb declared the stone," well and truly; laid, hrthe> luMue of the Father, the Sou, and ttie: Hqly Ghost." Ho went on to say that he iMuotjuio'wr that'bo need make!any .speech. Sometimes a'ctious were better than, words, and. ho hoped they woflld prove this on that occasion. Ho was one of tboso who had a part in tho erection of tho old building, and he was glad to be in n'position to'tf»kq part in tho dnlargomeiit,.; He liked tho idea of enlargement,,: Those, wI»o; had.k'noww Moijiit Gambier during the last 1,5 year? were owaro. of the great advance . it , .hnd, made iu population aud prosperity, aud it would be a very bad sign if the old churches woro not enlarged or now ones put up. As population increased, so should churoli accommodatiou bo provided for tho - people. Ho^ took it . that by the work they were engaged in that day they were honoring God, and he hoped God would give prosperity to llis church. . . ? ? '; -.'The Rov. Mr. Stubbs then read a copy oftho ad6to'cnt'\vliich had been placed in tho bottloj & follows*; f-» The .memorial stone of tho enlargement of Unchurch, by'the addition of twenty-fivo feet to its"feigth, and accompanying class rooms, was: laid by Samuol Titus Webb, Esquire, on Mon-. day, March twelfth, eighteen hundred and seventy eoven, boiug .tho fortieth yeav of tho happy roign of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria ; His Excellency Samuel James Way, Chief Justice of South Australia, being , tho Officer' Administering tho Government of this Province; Roverend S. Knight, President of the Conference of South Australia ; Reverend Albert Stubbs, Superintendent of Mount Gauibior Cir cuit, pastor of this church : and tho following dbuttemon. trustees for the Wcsloyan Methodist, Oonfeience, namely, Messrs. Samuel Titus Webb, James Cock, Andrew Attiwill, William Ilejiry Iienfrey, William Fensom, John Cock, William Wodd, George Pnnnell, Isaac Gould, Joh» :Goss, Joseph Hoslijng, William Webbor, and John . J'ki£tuco. George I'lWjislI, Lsquiro, architect.; Messrs, Webber, ,." Ellison, Mivis, Dunning, ami Harvey, contractors."' \- .Besides this document there wero enclosed In tho bottle copies !of tho last issues of tho Border IVatefy, Mount Oambicr Methodist and Tern i)er'dnc4 t Advocate, S. yj.. Advertiser, aud Methodist Journal newspapers. Tho Rev. 8. Knight, iii response to a call from: i the tRoV. .Mtv Stubbs, thou addressed the n^stnnbhige.ii Hp suppii«d that some years ago, when tho church was built, a great many jieoplo thought, " There's an end of that~-ut sll events ' for.this generation ;'.'; and ho hail no doubt, that bV Mount' Gambicr, as elsowhere, they thought they had dono eoniethiitg Very much in advanco of their own times. But tuis colony was of quicker growth than many believed, 'and h'»l atrbady' outgrown its churchcs. IIo jiajiAO.nie Bfffioi^s yiq>v3 on this question, and had not iv frained, frosu -giving o'ipression to them. Ho thought'the colony was outgrowing its churches, and the We3loyans of Mount Gambier wero doing .a very propey thin" in trying to.overtako the population. lie1 tooV it/.that tliey, wero thoroughly impressed'with tho proprioty of tho work iu which they were engaged,'-mid tho necessity >to}\ enlargement; aiid thoy could not be 'engaged {»'.a better, work. .Thoro were various.atatidp-oiata from which they, could view tfithipl&isufe; tho v«rk they had now in hand, rt'^ai :per^ajl>3 as \yoll to sity that if he did' npt' thirik'tlie jnissiou of that, church ciill existed, lie eliould' Iiavo- little pleasure in that oceation. Hi .toWf'ilm}; niuch of tho work of Methodism I acpQinpfelicdi and , ho thanked.... Go4 for it. It, was no ' boast of hia brothers or.himself to' say' that _ when Methodism arose thero was «'great inissioii tor it to achieve, and thut (thjit, liiission',had been performed, .was irttttter for thanksgiving. Tbo speaker then propeede4' to aUito the special tenets of Methodtsni, <ind «ud luV believed thoro was not a sect iu lJvavgelical Christendom that did not hold similar views of Christianity, ns a result of the rise and teachings of thafc bndy. They had been followed ovtiii' in Iheif -revivalism. Re vivalism ; was1 peculiar to the fathei'B of Metbo4isin,' Now it wiis.'characteristic pi every Nonconformist and I'jpiscojialian; church in thtf world; Mothodism had lost its distinctive ness ill these respects. But its mission'liad not ended. . .occupied <\ sistor place ,w^th. pthcr denominations j and, thank God,., it roceivcd .a sister's recognition. In tho earlier days of BlotUofliflip' thoy' did note care 'su much for a ? ljuildiiig eucli as this.iu which ^o worship God, Ibut ;{vqw its, work hail to be;conducted itt n, /different way,i:a!thongh] it wus 'tho Samo work-. / Ho Hop.cij .its . work .would prosper .alnmclimtly. ?ThoyJiev,, T. Jarrett wao; t|ieii calleil npon. He cqngmtulated the Wcsleynn congregation on tboir. success and prosperity. The advancement' ofthe 'CftUse of God that had led to the pleasing everit'of that afternoon, was reason for gratitude. They-sboutd rejoice in the spread' of.Mothodisni nsjtfiq adyaiiccmeut and oxtensiqnof tho Gospel ag t^o aavancbnicnt aiid triumph of tho great truths' of tho Gospol- -(hear, hear); and hence the tiiuniph of right over wrong, of light over darkucsa, of holiness over sin, aud of Christ over.Satan.!, ifoeould heartily wish them " God speed " in tho enlargement of their church. Ho lioped tho blessed doctriues of tho Gospel would long be preached with no unceitaiii sound within its.,wn)lii. He hoped the stono that iiad been laidithalj aftsrnoon would bo tho type, of many a living stono that should bo placed iu'tho living temple'of Jesus Christ ; and as this building was raised aud .brought to a successful complo tion, so they prayed that tho living temple ./should progress and advance until it should be completed amid tho 6houts of tho ransomed and the sdngi of the angels. Thoy could join in tho jsehtiments of tho poet !;i!u $}®'80. WfllH we tq ^Thy honor ra.iso j ,. .jpong may they cchq to Thy.praiso, Aud Thou descending fill tho placo ( With choicest tokens of Thy graeo, ; . ...A^d in tho great decisive day, ?? When God the nations shall survey, 1 ?' fiffty ifc before the world appear That.crowds were born for glory lioro I" Tho Doxology was then eung, and tho Bone diction pronounced by.the'Rev. A. Stubbs, Tho people at once loft to attend ' ... .v,if.^.T||B ANNIVERSARY Tka: "STrisfira* laid out in the schoolroom bolow the xfhlirtfh; !It tf«s attended by a great crowd of meqplo, tho tables having boon twico filled. The was provided and presided oyer by ladies of Itlio congregation./ Tho Tninistors; wlui luul tieeu presoiifcat the laying of the memorial 'sroiie were : present,: mn|/ the ; company inciu«h."ii 'several 1 lea^M|g< i of I ptlier. llQllaioqB r .M'jijia; jRt. i Mount Gunibier. Thv usi^al j .;1 l'U II 1,10; M lili'l'INU ' 'Was conmiouced in tliu church at 7 o'clock. iTlio building, was well filled.: Alio , following 'ministers wero proseutKey. ifMossra.; Knight, tCaldwell, Stubbs, and Jarrott. Mr. Caldwell,, (contrary t^gpiieral expectation, hadreturned from iNurracoorto during tlio uttornoow. ,A. well jtrainwj choir ofhbout 20 Indies ana gclitfqmcn, r led liyMiv J.Liu'ubert, carried out tho musical [portion of the proceedings in un able maimer.' |Mr. E. Broad presided' at tlio harmonium, 'After tho singing of a hymn tho UeV. A, Stubbs oiforcd'pi'iiyuiV uiui turn announced tlmt Mr. 'fc3. T. Webb hud been ohoson to preside. ' Tlio Chairman, after a four introductory'to.' marks, read tho iinniicinl statement for the past yoar. Tho receipts had been as follow ;-l'ro ceeds of last anniversary, £32 4s. (id,; sub scriptions in aid, £75 lOs.j seat rents, £01 5s. j-total, £101). At tho commencement of last ?year thero was a balauco duo to the Treasurer of ;£10 18s. -Id. During tho year tho small buldii'co that remained of the loan had beon paid off. , {Tho, total oxpeudituro had beon £}7Q, w]nchwas£l beyond the receipts. But 'thero was one subscription of £2 5s. tliot he had hot hatf ntjf opportunity of collccting, 'which xrtisqd the revenuo to £171 5s,, and left £1 5a, to tho o'redit of the Treasurer. The old building wns' cleared of dnbt, and they had been able to j)av' something to tho credit of tho parsonage, which' was not yet out of debt. (Applause.) '! .. 1 Anthfem by tho choir. Tlio Nov. S. Knight, in response to n1 call1 from tho chair, then rose, aniidjieartjr applause, .to .address tho. " meeting; Ho said it ' gayo him" no small amount of plcasuro. to accept tho iuvitation of his old and valued friend and colleague tho Rev. Mr. Stubb3 to visit his parish and prcauli to his pooplo. Ho thoroughly appreciated tho beniities of Mount Qunibior,'of which he had heard much : and ho felt great satisfaction in what tlioy (the Wos loyaus) woro doing here. Ho hoped thoy would resolvo upon completing tlio design of tlio new building, including the organ-loft, Ho referred to tho great advnntayo una attraction a oliurch possessed in an offioicnt choir, and urged tho congregation to make nmplo provision for it, aud also procure an organ. They had no causo to bo frightened for the debt. Many other con gregations in tlio colony no larger tliuii thoy woro Imd'inciuTod a debt of twice and throo times as much, and spiritedly met, and safely got over it. Why should uot thoy ? Having briefly explained that thG Rov.. A. J. Bogle, who had just re turned from a tlireo years' roasting in tho North ern-Territory, had kindly enabled him. (Mr. Knight) to visit Mount t Gambior, by taking charge in tho meantimo of his congregation at Adelaide, he said ho had been prescribed a .topic on which to speak that evening, and ho must thefefove do so. Tlio subject wis," Who hr<)( to rcgenora(o; society f" or lie might' nut' it this' way--'* ]rVho aro tho rogenoratora'of society ?,1 Many persons, like, the colebrated Mr. Mieiiwborj always waited for " something-to turn up but m this matter thoy must hot wait for some thing to tiirn up. If socicty was'to bo Re generated it must bp by' »ican3 of hard, earnest, well-direptcd work. Others looked and )v»iit6d for gfeut' and distinguished leadors. But this wait ing ,fqi; leaders wasa great calamity, for it dwarfed effort,' destroyed opportunity, and hindered progress, ,tfis .(the speaker's) hopo was in tlio avorage maii. Keop him' right; and hence'his desire to seo, their uatioiial systo.m of education universally1 upnlied.''' llo should like to seo the compulsory clause in full operation, making education raiso tho muuhood of tho country.. This would regeuerato socioty in the very best senso, Society had been advanced in past times by great uiid'advanecd thinkers, who had led the age in which thoy lived. Thero had been giants of intolloct that led wholo armies of pigmies,' Now socioty wos led by tho mass-and that was tho best method, Thoy found, for instance, tlmt in this colony tho voico of tiio people was ahead of tlio voice of tho Parliament of tho country; and ho believed in tho voice and opinion of tho people abovo that of priests or legislators. ' Tlio people wero generally right (hear, hear); and if they could only regenerate and advanco tho masses tuoy.regenerated socioty in tho greatest senso. Tlio ago was ono of general advancemont, and in his opinion great end original men were uot wanted. In order that ono man nwy bo seen conspicuously tlio great mass of men must bo silent-must hide. Whon a great and original man stood out froqi among his fellows it was, through thosilonco of and tho lack of activity and worth in his follows, that ho was great. It was by contrast only that ho was groat. Great men wore lilco great landholders-they wero all very well, but tho fowor tho bettor. (Applause.) , So in tho sumo way, reformora and statesmen who stood out solitary am) distin guished, wore enabled to do; so by tlio laolc of public oj)i;jioji and want of development of vigor hi tlio masses. U WHS this that raised fljo great j men of the past. ilow PiW Difi Qjjo of > tho masses. What did thoy now want to hid Jjiptu do their duty P What tliey lmi! ill thu past el; to bo done I Did they not see work to bo dono now i> , Jji the past the leaders of tho world saw ignorance, nr.d /flijght it ; and degradation, and grappled with it. Dfd Jhoy not now? WJiorevor they saw work; to do-^Jp't jthe/if do it. Wherever they saw an onemy-smito jt. Sjpjtp until tho evil wit|i.(|pstj'oycdj or thoy woro. jLct tlteiu liot wait n|!tjl they wtii'P set to work. II'o said, do.not waft for notpp of iuvjtyf|o#i.9 >/ovk, nor foV; compllmoiit.s;'bijt lot thein'gQ'Ojuf do tho work whon thoy sav/ lfc, Woo thoy sijcli cmyeiiif as to bo nfraid .to,do anytiilng:^ V.YJtfd tlicy such low spirited things as to be-doterred from duty by foar'of boingTau^licd JiiiP'1 Would thoy. permit drunkenness nnd_, abuconity, and sahbatii'bronking to exist in their midst and not venture to apposa them? Nonsense I Thank God, mc-irworo gcttijw jijoi'o ennobled. When over there was something to b£ d.Q])0, oy sorrow or wrong to be romovod, thfcl'o was wojlc, aj|d iji cull' to wo'rk, lLet theiii go inid do it. ! hAMp (jf tho older among them said-Wo must loavo |t to tho young pcoplo. .It is. too Into," Yesj like old pensioners thoy wero content to livo on a tiilo 0,'ifj "fight their battles o'or again!" But,thu must not be. Koine of tho greatest discoveries woro Dl.id feats of intellect performed, by ineii who'iftid pije.ood middle lifo. Look at Franklin, at over 10, laying tlw foundation of the discovery of tho olcetric telegivpJ) J Handol, at over CO, composing "Tho Messiuh,'1 wlifcii fwd revolutionised music ; and V.on .Moltko, approaching /30, by: his tnctjcs.nnd gdiiohdslifp ana oonstiijirnutc skiii oi;tvitfji^' and outvying cyery geu'oral that confiojjtcd Jiim. jn tho field, and obtaining tho moafi splendid series of ,victories tho world had ever rccoidod, . (Ap plnusa) Tliorp wero othore among their yoimgiu1 friends who said, " It. is too.;early." When wca it AOO wrly? It was novcy too early to bogin. Koino of tho greatest aehieyomenta ill art, 'in1 si^iico, in litoraturo, /jtnd other walks of life, had been begun iu early l|fo. IIo instanced Georgo Smith, the Aesyriologist { Burns'^ind Byron, tlio poots ; aud Liunajus, tho naturalist, as examples .of early industry m>d grfinfsuacess. It was nevor too early to 'begin. The fact was, man wanted purpose and determi nation. If thoy had purnoso and determination . achievement was iuevitabLo. Tlifl great doctrine of tho ago was pleasure, endless pkjjswa, Jvook even at Adolaiuo. ? It was estimatod tliafc wheff tho threo cirouBes had douo there ,^30,000 will have beon taken out of it by them I All for ? pleasure. What was' got out of pleasure £ ? Nothing'! " ' " Nut enjoyment, hud not sorrow,'" la our destiuwl cud or way } . , ( , 1 BUI to in't, tlmt eaeli to-morrow Find us furtlier tliau to-daj." '. 1 . What they wanted to Icindlo in the world;was enthusiasm for Christ and humanity. Boculnrisni cried, " Humanity ..others cried, "Christ" aud not humanity. But, no ; lot it bo " Christ and humanity." Lot this bo tho enthusiasm o) the world, Tlio masses wero now tho regenerators of socioty. lie did pot look for great moil now, , IIo was looking for the average man; nud ho saw him approaching,1 lie saw the dawn of the better (lay coming. It' was overywhoro } The shadows, woro,lighting, and darkness was passing nwny ; and tho good old world was getting better und'bottov. It wiw bettor now than when Christ and Luther and Wesley wero in it. II would bo bettor still, and .brighter) until there would bo moro difl'erenco between tlio future aud the present than between the prosent and tin past. Tho brighter day would vise? and novel close, and God would reign for ever and over, Amen, . (Loud aud prolonged applauso.) A celled ion in aid cUw? building fund was t)ien mudo, and the OlioU' eang oii'iuitheui, uftei which. ' " KaMMfcaa-3-Jgrtitoyrfo*...! » Till irflffniilfl^l ! ' 'f - J1 ? The Hev. It. A. Caldwell addressed tho con \- gYejjrttioii. Iio expressed his pleasure at meeting tlium attheirnnnivorsary celebrations, and said ho : liiijibd ' tho good feoling that existed, botwcen iliuui would enduro as long ns ho'wiis at Mount Liumbior. Pooling very tired ho waa physically unablo, ho said, to make a long address. He wfis pleased they had determined to jnako un> addition to their church, us.it wan a gratifying' and oncouruging sign. lie complimented Clio l>,oy. Mr. JCniylit ou his address, and. lipped his excellent speech would sot. tho k audience. alii .vigorously and poworfully to vork, Ho caw no: rcasou why they should And tho debt.,they had mourned a gicat inoubua upon them;. Ho hoped they would bo abundantly cucceiaM,u( Applause), Anthem by tho Choir. t ; ' I'lio, Kov. Mr. Jarrott Kiud lio would not try; their ,'|)tUieneo ipvy long. 'Following tlioRcv(; Mr. Knight, ho said he hoped cach o.n'0 of thorn would find his work in tho world and'd? it with. a'singlo' oyo, us iiiito God. Many professed, to; wonder wliy tho cause of God did not prospor, and jetthoy nover tried to help it on. Now WHS their opportunity ; let thonr ombraco it. (Appluuso.) Tho llov. Mr. Stubbs then gave somo dotaila as to tho coat of tho now building, lib said--rl don't uoino beforo you witli a speech, but I fcpl' I conio beforo you witli a case j und; I would like, as far as I possibly can,_ to place that case fairly before you'. Tho question is not whothor \vp shall onlargo this church-. That iiaa beon dccided. The question ip not how much tho addition is to cos't. ? So- far as the church itself is concerned that has been decided. The two .quoafio'iia beforo ua nte, iirat-IIow much do wo wautP and secondly-Ilow uro wo'to get itP And if wo turn tho questions yound, so as to nssumo anotlior form, they may/bo placod thus -What huvo wo got P and what do wo. v/unt ? Jjju_ai»-awxi).'-0-.t.«idei'o - -woro. .occeptdd Jo. ihq amount of £87G 18s. - It v,aa founu afterwards that provisioii would havo to'bo mudo for the ohapel keepov-provision to trim his l&wps;, aikl do anything olso h<y liked; and that lod Ustbiii. cur an additional debt of £50. This is tho estim ated cost of tho foundation of tho organ loft.1- Bo that brings tho amount; to £j)2.5 18,s. Now. tho question as to whether-tho designs wo haye,.b,o foro us ,'jl)all bo. coijiploteii, is not yot. dcuitlcd. It is still an opou question, I hope it will bo de cided, becqusq I beliovQ firmly and unhesitatingly in our capabilities of doing it. I boli^vo wo havo tho'ability to carry out tho designs >vith this addition, and l>v it bo supplying a placo' for the choir in tho shape of an prnanient to' tho church, as well au a .comfort io thfcm.' If wo comploto tho design, and I havo no doubt wo shall, tho amount will reach about £1; 100. Now, tho question is-How aro wo going to moot this ? Wluit aro wo going to do with it P I think I represent tho feeling of tho- most in* tolligenti ineii in tho'congregation tvheu I say that if. .w.e "can raise £000 of this,amount no dillioulty will bo felt, in grappling with tho dobt, and no foaV will bo realized by any of thorn iu relation to our futuro advancement. > Six hun drod pounds,is all \yo ask to" carry .on this en hirgomoiit inul complete th'o design.' This^vill include tho enlargement of tho church, pro viding accommodation forlOO'moro worshippers; it willi include an organ loft for tho choir,1 and if they get onco into it 1 beliovo tlwy won't rest satisfied .until thoy_ havo an organ thoro (hear, hear); and it will include a class-room for tho young mon, which is an important thing. I have not dono oiie-fiftioth part for tho young, mon hero'that I would liko to do, and winch, if they allow me, I will- This room will bo fur nished and provided for thoin, and I hope will bo found as comfortablo as any homo tlioy; over were in, ,1'hon thoro will be a largo room fqr Sunday school scholars, What I want now. is enough to lift us out of feav or npprehonaion of danger-the small amount of £U00. I am exceedingly happy to tell you that so far wo have raised ouo half of this sum, (Applause.) I havo figures (not figures of speech, but real figures)-which, howover, I shall' not read to-night-and according to tho beat judgmont I have I may stato that out of tho £(J00 wo havo raised £300, (Applause.) So wo aro half way -and tho building is not finished yet-wo are half way to tho accomplishment of , what wo need, ana of plaoing oursolveu, by tho enlarge ment of tho church, in' a position of comfort, safety, aud peace. What I want to ask you to-night is this-that thoso who havo not responded to tho appeal that has been made, or who havo had no appeal mudo to tlieni, will come forward and assist us. I havo before mo in this book tho names of many frionds, and yet thoro aro somo hero to-night, 1 know, who will feel it in thoir hearts to give. I shall be happy, with the Chairman's permission, to wait on you,' and receive tho promises you aro prepared to give. Tho rov. gentleman'then descended nnd asked for spocial donations, During tho timo he was dolng'so the Ohoir sang two pieces, arid tlio Kb'vi Mi;,; JCniglit told a talo aucnfc giving. Afterwards tlip/jllpy,., Mr, Stubbs thanked tlio < meeting hearfily for its cheerful response, and anuouncod tlitt'tltjncluslvo of £20 promisee! by.,tl)o plioir,for. tho orgaii loft, tho proccods of tno,(^u}voraM'y. had amounted to the lmu'dsomo'sum of £100 16s. (3d. (A'pplauso.) Mr. Jus, Dock proposed, and tlio ItoV. Mi'.'1 Stijlibs ,t) yoto of. thanks-to ,% Jadle^y; to tlio C'lioir, to Mr. liiijglif ipjc] tl.ip qtUbr'ol'ergy mon present,'and to tlio' Chairman,'fyllifch wi}3 carriod by acclamation. / ,11' (V/ll I Mr, Knight, in responding foY liim'solf,! tooli tlioi opportunity to convoy, at itho roquest of'thdl I>£j/. Wp)ls, that, gontlem^nV' Idndeafc . rem9!()brt)i)c(03 ti) f)jo p.qngrc^t}o.ij,( ,, " ,1 Tho proceedings closed, at iiboijt tO; ten o'clock, with tlio Dojcology ijud' lje'iicdictiqiu 