THE NOVELIST. THE LAST OF HIS TRIBE; OR, THE GHOST OF THE GRANGE. A ,t.E'Ný1 IUlATIVJ O1 H ,AMILTON. UO.UK 3:E'i~l--': "~:;'*. l 'ATic5o5n.) "I Thrae nrs more things in heaves nnilearth, . Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your phllosophy." O . fAKIPEAXRX. 1. CnrAPTE. I. ' o ,. " L c. ntiiri t rCnieiefbcr uelih tiblngr weet, And were most dear to me."-lInroN. ,.-....-.Bullock.drays wre -.tlhe-: principal 'mode of transit in .the early days of .. . Victoria, nld, indeed, tlio profession of Sbull 'punchor ' ivas no einecuiro, in vrTolving- as it did a thorough know 7i DIJ Llidkbtof the: nboiuntry, blacks, cattle, '-.'. bullock-hide, cranckers--n?l last,, brlt ..,.n'. sot ,leist, the. art of.' bronachlng.' .It was in the winter of the year 1834 that ' Black Jim ' and ' Hopping ]ob,' camnping'on, tihod'OrangoI 4Hill (the very spot wlhcio nloiv sliinds Ar. . D.. A.,Boeath's privato divelling), as-, -i6imbled thl Ilads around the Grango or ii't sproee. Bluack Ifrryy" waa ".':'i! J'oadod .withl severnl hogaleads . of . qupr, and forthwith n barrel of ..- ---randy was ' broached.' The rudest oBf, reovelry was indllged i!,.for three 'dfays, .,duyilg which flounr anid ton the'oitly exetunsive comnmoitics to tll, entorlinors, for the sqauntter's muttoll '"'"belhlg?i'it tllime.rcy of their ' tucker knives." Wlhon tlh barrel was emptied tihe visitors diipersed, and the * .bull.pnIelir's ' prepared to depart next morning. Thio enmpty barrel was I' rolled down thelisoop hill to toe creek, .' ,wheore a mobol of blackflllows woro ':.'._-cnmped, and it waRs tllrrorn iln the ' 'water. Jim nidt.-olio tIen rAtirold brllidri drunk ', tu?. imir boeds under thel i ' .pole of Bob's drvy.ý, The hlnckfellows. i: ..who possess tIh keeiest of ovCe, had? 'watched their opportunity, filled- the S empty barrel with wArter,.rQtolei it mtp hill, phineiol iWn ihlo'riy;,nod Mstaillh 4i ily proct'reo d fiIl 6hl oli' hl randy iil its -i stead. Well, thli'drivc's. hlimnliC t pro S1 Lceri6d,-ft'-or 4hIoe roni(l 'uxt norning Swhi- lthlr' "hot copperl'" t)lmnndedl i! uometlhing niore 'plnrtarilo thin, water. i Tlih barrel of larna p?rcure w pir c'hance ' Iraonchelit' in mirlsako for brandy, and le hte tfiVd ,liHovered. 'T'ri l .:, enraged Inen roturnod toi the blacks' ; camp with suspicin, tho'emity hbarrel S was nnwberr to be OO ro, and thn it ly , our aboriuines left ero vinllinwri in S brandy. 'Thore with buiriiiiiLIh lignliatiioi, ' (I suldder a I wrto ite ?),.unt three .' " huudred ynrda frrim a civllimed nbde, . they slattered the braiills of the fiur ...... drunken blackfollrows in thelr-mnii moni', gave their corplc.se tlo the gurglig wsate-a t;,. thte GOrnge, and lquietly puIrsed.' the ' .nave o'totor of thbor ways.' lnowover, eyu. r. d the ficta ouf uumia romialus being discovered near,- where neow :'sait H Itchesou's mill, and thebullook-driveri boasting of their bravado, no more re mains to be told, and no retribution wai sough~t for the lisea of the ignoran' darkies. Therefore I must conclude the cirrumstances by mourning- O tempora O mores 1 On the demise of Mr. Greed, AIMr Blastock (thlln .'cooking in tile hotel' succeeded him as landlord of tli Grango.Inn;.land it ,was in his time that an innocent babe was 'taken "frogi the waters, sanl a verdict of'' infinti. ticide" r6iorded against an unknowt inhuman mother. But the culprit if as yet seatheless, unless judged by hiel God. Mr. Huuntly next followed il popsession o the hosteliy, aiid enljoyed the favor ff 'the ' diggings' epoch, Mir. Ba'lk. was the succeeding boniface, and would have amassed a:fortune, but alasn lie became a slaveo to thit intoxi. eathig glass, and was one morning found a' piece' of lifeless clay. Mr. D.A..Beath, then proprietor of the Grange store, joined Mr. R. Heath, now proprietor of the Harrow inu,. i joint partnership, as landlords of tihe .Grange hostelry; after which 'fTl6 pro. perty fell into the sole liands oft Mr. Heaith. Heowar the last:publican,'ns, about, eight years ago, the premises were 'pronotineed - too dilapidated for a licensed hotel. i Blt with tile 'departure of the license and drunken revelry, the tragedies of the 'black waters',(for so the !locality vWas ktdown) did not take their, 'exit from tihe Grange. Poor Phil ICeilay, one hot summer's day, whilst 'earning his daily bread by wood-carting, fell un watily before his wheel under my.very gaze, and hislar;dina' smeared the stories of the ford, leaving a mourning. widow and helpless family to bemoan his loss. I gave a trembling hand; to'"Iut tihe corpse into Biown Bros. spring' cart, and mothinks such grating .of bones .would'even force a shuddei still;. . Soon afterwards the liat of an un oil'uoding Bacchanual, familiarly kitown by the sobriquet of " Slieoak Joe," was found on the banks of the Black ,Wateos, ' lhilst Joe had been last seen a few inights. provioas' staggering. to wiards tlie fted s'eiot Grappling irons were procured, aind, again under my gaze, ;lat discolored remnqihs of faith 1ul Jos .wore, taken' fromn tho,deptlis. (What food for a temperanlie lecturaer!) The followilig summer waslecorchelr, antl one sultry evening a itirnbei of hbyi' were swathing theiri bodies in the muddy waters of thie creek, whell an 'unavlary diver` 'struck somieting antngouistic at the bottom; and arose to thile surface with a lshriek. It wiis' a - lhe 'could not speak;, but; the pallor of his cheek might hlvo told it was lifeless clay. Assi~tanbu wias, i :tiodiately procured, and draggudt tio fie surface were the nmortal rdmoititof I woman, clad only ini a petticoat, bear ing it harsh contusion over the e lft'eye, lhiving her hands tied behilnd 'lii'btib'k, andS,a huge stonq attached to her neck. Gre?t'Godi ;what fdtl;hna'tid. had, done An inquest at thile Caledonion loiol fol lowvd,ant tostinmoy wasnlddluqgd show. iag tliat Mrs. Williams was of' ccentrlic habits, andL subjoet of Into)to fits of b;elaclloly; and further, tlht:asllo Ifiil thlreatened to commit sni idel The natural verdiet-'viz.i'." suicde whilst ii a state of temporary iashn'ity" :fol lowed, and public curiosity wsts itstantly quOlled. 'It muit also o be told thlat;.it, was 'hinl tis locality-'lfr. WN Tredren, hlail'eti bitllintr, receivetd a iut frolih'ti 'glais-bottle whitch:leaves hinti a crilplpt for.life';' and 'also a boy G?le hinad' Is femoral 'artery severed at tl6 'saime plane, by a piece of glass, wlhiliolbhfori few hours left hilm a corpsointltishItm' Iltoi Hospital. Not only wasn llnmatilty loomed to terriily the alnias ofl the Ilanck? WVtiere, for'dtlrnib-r linuilu of 'all desteriptiol mot their flato in tihe tifling eloement. ilThe mostpntanblle of thut lattdr records was in '51, whenl ih' floi:t of sheep, consigned fiom MoutiC E.clus to toullti Sturgeon station; was pass ling thi Granleo crossing, and-prefer: ring tle 'stiootllh suii'?lac of ithe Black IVater to the Iharmnless ripple of the Ihallow' consiilg, 250 of lthem weret smothered in the stifling hIlle. T'iis lllay seot11 stralngo to peoplle who knouw Iow well shlUee caln battle with tlhe tibo; bit whllen t is lexplained .that a hiltf f bllk on Ithe opposite side oeiansed the woolly innocents until they.'w ere tihree tiers dloep, it will perhlpsll. be compreltondite. And what n stench of etirelasel ]'veti Joe, Biriwn's fell. monlgery 'of to-day is frtigriant mullshl compallred to the iliiigi'oeailtle poppy Which enmittedl its funtmes firnt thu very same site onl this 'oeatsiuon. I'liea, againl, but a ftw yearns recently, we all relmtiIlreile how Mr. M nlte'sgrtcer'cartl, hlore altlii nu, were sweptli with the flood over tlie stones of, the foirdl i and the tinimhnl tllt therewsll i Ibas ford tl tihe wairin?.; Arid I shall say notlling of tlie hlluilred andlll o ne coltllom.ail, thllllgh perlinapi fiaitlftiul' etuie ntil f(ellltne pots, which like ttoreunhils lio tat i te bot ton of the deep blhuo si.' Andl st stirlid the black aitnals of tle illstoty 0f tile Gmrange. , The glries of tIlie G'eigeet nlle ii t few, unlecs Indeed swe ioltlle by lthe flesild Ctle gooui old tites wlte[ n Judy thle Flatt,' isirhli otl hlr st'l Il, oxelledo l evei ' Flshll J,!Jk ' it Iils feats of tlloscetttluilip over crues'otttry ;i oir lhow thht uttart hiii Jimuly i ilsoli (now of Sb. Allnais I, Il reculpt oft s, ~tor week Iroln old Mt'Gilvrty, the poutdkopesr, for tiallitg the imprisoned cettle, wis a terror to e every man' but Tom Sayers' and his s numerous disciples., - .' By the way,. the pound' was one of the Sfirst institutions of the Grange, and rone of its *first keeper was, bonest though unsophisticated, John M'Gilvray; whoin the Is'e of Skye, Kum, Mall. or Cantire, might have made an ad rnliable auctioneer, but 'iu an English. speaking comtnunity was: at a sore dis advantage withhis Gaelic. Illustrative of the letter fact, is related a certain pound" tile, whereat ia poley bullock, ainder 'Johi's lhanirner, bad risen to 19s. when the auctlioner continuned ':" 'ine teen shillings I'.m said; twenty shillings ; ale 'pound ; one' guinea;-so good a piellock as ever peepit through a bow-" I Ire. Judy the Flat initerposed. sjt.l a significant nod,'and Johi, in fstiltOiria tones, reached One ' uinea une,' at which figure the beast wail knockud down to lbo purchaser. The terms being cash, Judy proceeded to ' fork out,', by advancing one pound 'and a shilling. The poundkeeper demanded an'ilher RoIbert' for the ' one guinea one,' but Judy sternly refused as that be ' nne pounld tire,' whereon the articl', in a'ccordance with the nactioneer's terms of dispute, had " to be put 'up again and re.sold.'. Judy walked off indignantly; and,' fortunately for John, the alnnimal wais kiockcd down the second time obefoi it had reaclood the ugly .'one guinea one.' Nicknlames, which clharacteriso the associations of ' old ihalds, were' very prevalent' in tlheso dlays??, aid 'ol? *'Oie Guilne One ' mnay e hrecognised unto thie present day. ... . CHAIPTER . i "-Ist hlolceof years that aregone-they roll before ame with all tleirdeed,."-O?ai?st 'Tis just fourteen years ago now :ince the Wannon" anid'' Mount Rouse tribes of abor igines,' adorned 'ii their skinis, leaves, nnd'war-paint, assembled at' iUnilton to fight the lust of a series of , long-contending party feuds. Hlots' of miamiisas Ireea bling the Afrlcani villageo of my ifanttine picture book, were eretoid among the trees on the now Poet's Hill, the sparkling -fires peeping fiom 'beneatl tihe curling ismokeo fortmilg a most dilinl 'picture. 'Horror !, the evuts of that turbulent evening, when some hundred bleck, demous made the air tremble - with their: wild whoops, mingled with the' dull' thud of the liaiigle ansd shield.? ?Th waddles, boomor;angs, and spears shot through tie'air like lurid lightning, anll the police nutihbritiea were forced to stand quictly' by uiltil the rutlhless contest had ablitel. , And ohl i I tremble with vitgtie'sffright when I reflect on the htlini tllat was slilt' that eventful even ug 'iii the very spot' where inowe stnds opr home of Australian ;virginity, te l'liie'eus Alexuntir' College.; :'V ell, alike to all things horrible rld l lo'eli, Pl'ovldeiceo brought., Ohe l?etoueement,, andt Winollioio your :t' umphant banner.s of 'possum an"ai kaingnioo skin " fluttered in the breie9 ?" I 'T *wda fi lght for pureo ihoour (If ascid a term can hbe applied to uindcvilised ;hSllr fel?iLs)), for neither ransom; did .tlieyleiomauirndt; nor inldem nity'did thoyoexpeot;' it wses an atffiry ., whevik haltl its'.origln withl the sable ,hifesii l tiaýs gude ?y,' rid' vnas now ni tine?~i iiotl'red custom.: - Afte . nitp ettle, bothe triesi retired toI., iellenit.tmiin; wilicvi eri i a i ns mode,--- all -amicably built oal the one 'di.m')l".,'iTheytliteii ehlliv poed wounlhed headsnt i-iidty handkerehiefs or cloths, i,,i?nld"n shohhr'tt tit is' y humin of lazy. , yabbpi?rpoioepeac ant. sorelity. ' i. t? was ;now spstt ten.tire, as ,th II risrig loon throw a. sickly irnclltho'i htiru barb aric sioe, and ,,those of the v Iainriltroi populsei w.hoi?hhil an taste e for tho sllnsational,r sought tille renlez- r voles of ignoranceltiunld riiliio,'t listen to a tih gar blced nconlbts if the most alihid 'r of the daikies,. and rvl'eili at; thelir' haluits ant l custlo is. ' ' ' "MiMhinll'g vitli the aborignnos, wv i'?. two 'liHamilton blih6lkfelro ve, named r Jiinmy Gundia iiail Sbrloly Ilamilton. t Theoy were well known about tu trwhe t ; n feeact, as was ratl l'with the ciilUd- I minry typo of bllackellov, they were o conisleried the dom'restics pf lthe back e yards of our most af)ilmnt townsminb=' i to wit, Mr. Floompeel, the pound. a keeper;. Siady anIl Jimmy were bosom I and attached friends, of Ipeace le dis-. position; but as their itowI (Hamilton) v was thii soe'ie oft notion in i hb presnrt I contending fUel, they were Iby lsatihe.i tivel feelings. di:nwn into tile srry. t GuCliid" ol?hlifilly hadl been as. f scinted - withl the ,'li lurmna t(ibi' , whliitlt Sandy linl' sw'ord r life- ihke ' illinndc to the li ,(o tihe Moiult. 'i'hereferel .,lil t(ioe 'bantle, il'oa+d 'iw 'b v ronlvees had been opposed to encll other. 'I It wirs einstomnryl tln' nritivu 'flghts, qt t the solund of ilio tini'r-whoonp. to iteet enrro tol n mqut idlhil ideld 'to shili ; ian, d as if Satln hand ilevised'it, Sanldy andti Jitlily 5wero that 'dlay 'pitlutl tigainst I oeeh otlhet:' 'Sitidy 'IIanmilton was of i robust elotiiir' nildl I .nitrlned wnrrlior, vonuiewhnat iof the Oawontcon tylli i whilst Jilinly wae slitl, rietivti ntil unelren. I ttlous,. After IIn.floeros't.rfuiggl tietween I the niollnutloi8ls, Gmiinlio. iecceeilllell hin gtttlig hls Ihis iigh. 'li l aiio' oil Suniiiy's skull, whch perfienniuee eelihteil thie Intirt' to tihe roelvivilg Ieliiieiee of the t niliiu tI; uIl ellr m n e lilereIil iii his ii - i llacurhlu natlire a iitollnI anld listling i Ihatrio l nRigilst tliu vi?tnl': . 'corrobiree' followolntnilrh, liliti nodl by t'ltb .~,WVllliiooi aslibrligins, indt provel oune of Lhose ntaive muntllstu- I tions of a joyous event, whiclh, on this' occasion, need hardly be mentioned, wa that day's victory. Some three score swarthy imps, o both!tribes male and female, assembler for the performance. 'Tie said the 'beauty unadorned is adorned the most, hnd ao it'was perhaps that, beyond' girdle of gum leaves and the hideous streaks of white and red clay, Modesto seemed resigned to the sunadornment o nature. About a hundred Europeans congcegate!l as an audionce, and this first spectacle was the 'witn?saing of tile darkies sitting enoirt?:'d t?n'ostit a ihuge lonfireo, ill chinting a mourn. ful dirge alte' the fashion of. thie traditional Irish " banshee." Sod. denly, as if by a preconcerted arrangeo mont, all jumped to, thcir feeot, and brasedishgd their weapons imeeeaningly at each other', while the broad grin of pleasure'which .made their white ivory shine, bespoke the sham of thlei thrcatenigg attitudes. Those of the Mount Rouse persuasion, I noticed, conintntedl themselves with cracking crosswise a couple of yamt sticks, which Appeareil to identify them with- the vanquished army. The Wanton heroes now arrayed themselves in a line, and' Indulged in a series of grunts, shouts, and mimicry, flnally bursting into.a pmon of hilarious laughteIo 'and mingling again with their defeated brethern. The lubres, during::the whqle ceremony. eat contentedly chaunt isg the aforesaid mournfiul dirge, ad nirisig the antics of the coolies and ,warriors..; :There was Jimmny.. Giandie in all the glory of his native ;pride, sipping theAweets of triunmph'thr'ough thIe untif ely circumntance (not per son) which laid Sandy rlamilton beneath his liangle; and there was Sandy, in wounded luailiaationb buffet ted and taunted by thd IIaniilton spectators that such a person "as quiet Jimsuy shd4uld have thrashed the blowing' warrior. At length the strange celebirattosti'wits over, and every lHamliltonliasn was ready with a cheering word for little Jimmy ; but .those praises stuck deeper into Sandy's heart than did the Wound in, his head, as, minus the hecling balm flr either,:hes retired to bhis miamia, breathing through his clenched teeth, r (EVENGEd.) ( 10" Cbe 'Ontinued.) ~ 