nf- ?lovdro'p.'fniliu!,' in tho wililisea wave,, ; \ -?? : ?? , ??M^E-tMninSedirtfoa'-r' I Parish i,v tills urave, , V iBu'tf in.Vshdl fco.'iyi'd. tint drop of ilcw; ? ? v'. -Onto n pcnrl of yinrvcllom beauty Rrnw ;, IAXndl. naopvunh'. the -,'r.V' '!'' nm-nify ,_ Whirh thriis-t it forth, ns ithml t.aro'i, to me, Until nc-Vm. ' I perish quite,' it mid. Torn liv rude diver from its ocean Mil. O «nhfllcvinc!-»o it came to irl-am ? Chief jewel inn ni.innivh's diiidnn. — HkMia'kd 0. Tiihni:h. DHStr.niorx Cmiiicit of Kxni,.vxo.-fle nti mrvtriu th« local paper that on the Mi insmntump.it lnS of. tho member- of t. he ooiiST^'atinn « St. Pan U ? Church. Deniliquin. was held in the .?oiirt-liiiii«!. I he ncT.-Arnhdc-i.-nn I'uwnnll presided mid thn-objec t-ol ' the ineetinir w to ileviso uie.in'i for paving thii bal nnco of stipend owe! to the Hev. Mr Ware, the lain Inniirnhnnt : amnltor that had lifpom« more urijent by thermal departure of that gentleman from the town last week, and the expected arrival nl the Kev. .Mr Jones, to take charge of tin; iliMrict, diirinp the coming month. 1 1 appeared that there was owing to the Kcv . 'rWuro-.-isnanineeofstiiiend, £-J!l0 7» .-id; and -on 'the patsouau-e building a debt of £.578. the latter includ iiiK£ir.(), which Mr Ware was willing to siilisi-nhc hi.n wlfwhen he had rercived his bahinre of s, pond I was resolved— That the yearly interest on the debt _- of tin- onisoniicc be raid from time to time out of the Sbd?cnllitfcl by .1.0 finauee couimittee and that on endeavor should be made to extinguish the whole debt now due on the parsonage building. After some inquir ies had iieen answered, a list was subscribed to by those present, which amounted to £72. '?TUK-Jiendiijo Independent state* that the new enst iron produced from Bcndigo ore nt tho Plunnix rnnndrv hns alreadv iiMumed a business-like character. Mr Challinderhavin-r been introduced to Mr George Lnn sell, lniil his samples before him, when lie at once n-ried to put its quality to the test by ordering a set of sl,n« for a h.itterv to be east from it. With veference to the discovery of this ore, the Jtallarat Courier re marks:— ' It may he news to our Uendigo contempora ries, though such is the fact, that iron ore was found tu Back Creek as far hack as 18W. It was discovered m the centre oTfhe flat, at the bottom of Derwcnter's Mis- take ,Gully, and nt little moro than nine feet tram the S?Tue 'desi-hqois Railway and Mu. Whitton. —In his rupurc oi, this railway to the Minister tor Works, Mr Whitton describes his objections to the line in' thesetorms:-' Although this line will lie per fectly safe for public traffic, .so long as it is propeily maintained, I re'.n-et that 1 am unable to cerlily that it has been fomplc'tml to my satisfaction, nnd for the iol lowin' frasnns -—Rails : The rails weighing f)O!b to thevard arc too light for the heavy rolling stook uow runniriirover them. Ballast : The ballast is not of n quality to merit my approval, and I do not think n good road ran be maintained with it during wet weather. Bridges. No enre appears to Imvb been taken in select ing the timber for the bridges, as many of the beams m almost every structure are very much split and have large dead knots, worm holes, and gum veins m them. Tho driving of the piles lias been most erratic ; they are leaning in nil directions, aud nre rarely driven through out nnv bridge nt equal distances torn the centre line ot roadway. The carpentry generally is oi the roughest possible kind. The line has not been set out in n satis factory manner. Those1 port.ons which should be straight nre in most instances crooked, and some of them to a very considerable uxtent.' The 'satisfaction of Mr Wh'.tton is n condition essential to the granting by the Government of certain land in fee simple to the corbnany.— Exchange. __ ' , ...... Thk LA.XD for T1IK 1'KOPLF..— Hie janropcan Mail savst-Professor Newman has been lecturing at Manchester on ' Land tenure in relation to food supply.' Briefly, his propositions are that that the land is not a surface to bear rent for grandees, but a surface which the nations must dwell upon and have food. It will he seen from this that the professor contemns utterly the modern svstem of tenure, which places vast tracks of Innd in the hands of grandees, who by high stone 'walls »nd park palings will not let the people even gaze upon it, much less walk or dwell upon it ; and which ..iTwnl-a ti.o'ihnii.nrodurin-r power of the soil, because the tenant the ratepayer, is never sure that be will not. be turned' out of his farm. We are not wise enough to face the land question yet. The masses of the people nre too much accustomed to the system of grandees. Perhaps our children will bo wiser. From a Sydney e.xohaiice of the 17th January wo learn that the English cricketers left for New Zea'nnd on 'that date. The Council passerl the second readiug of the Criminal Law Consolidation Bill. At the coursing club's annual meeting this evening the Governor was re-elected patron, nnd Mr Edward Lee president. The heat is intense ; nt Hoiirke the thermometer stood nt la'- deg. in thi! shade. Them is great scarcity of feed nnil wntcr on the road from Warrego. where stock are travelliiic. .Stars may be seen from the bottom ol a .teen wcl. when they ennnot be discerned from the top of a ninnn tain. So nreinany things learce.i in adversity which the prosperous may not not dream of. We are glad to learn that, our Government have re solved to make a trial of the American railway car rin'es This we regard as one of thn. first fruits of our Exhibition Commission. Who that has travelled in American carriages would ever desiro a seat in our box cars lucked in as prisoners without the possibility of communicating with the guard or conductor, or engi neer, or receiving a glass of water if faintinir from thirst, »r removing a few inches, it may he, from a diseased occupant of the fame. seat. How all this hai been en lured so long seems to us a mystery. As we have been urging for the last four years the introduction of .the American caj-s, it is with no small pleasure that we learn that two arc to be shipped at New York, on the first of next in.mtli. A sleeping car is also to be constructed, and will be ready for shipment alwut six weeks after. The sleeping car is made very much on the same principle— the berths can bo changed into seats in the day tim.). A passage runs through the centre of the car; the berths, upper nnd lower, nre on each side, with curtains hanging from the rouf. A reai; compartment is set. apart ns 11 lavatory. In nearly every American train there is a department of one car at least partitioned off ns a. closet ill case of sudden sickness. — Witness. Tidi-scs have come that the. first ship load of emi grants from America is to sail from New York about the 1st Fehrunrv. New York is not the best place for emi grants, and'tbe greatest possible care must be used, or the worst of characters may come here. If we could only transport the British' Americans located in the States, the gain would be somethmg. Tiik Vi.xnvK or Gkassiioppeils.— The visit of a swarm of the above destructive insect is reported in the Yass local journal. They have devoured the cabbages down to the stalk, on their track, and still further de vastation is dreaded. Nor were their ravages confined to those vegetables, for they attacked fruit-bearing trees and' denuded them of their crop; potato foliage wns swallowed, and not a blade of grass was left wherever they traversed. They are now steering their course. in myriads nrouu.l Waroo. As bearing upon the nbove visitation we quote tho following extract from n letter addressed to Mr Mechi. of London, by Mr William Howitt, from the Tyrol :—' Signer Poteruel wtites from Borinun— On tho Idth of this month some mowers at their work observed a dense swarm of butterflies, which, going slowly, formed a long cloud, which con-1 tinned in sight.from 11 o'clock till noon. on the summit of the mountains. ' The butterflies cnino from the direc tion of Plezzo nnd Cer-Soca, traversed the mountain of Terk between Herperizza nnd Boriann, and went in the direction of Bregin, flying therefore from north to south-west. This continuous swarm of butterflies pro gressed slowly, nlinost touching the earth, till, at the river Nntis'ono they were seen by other laborers to rise andtnkc the way towards Italy. Here it is the opin ion .that the butterflies came from Cnrnlola, and were flying towards the south in search of n better climate nnd more abundant food. They are considered to be the cabbage butterfly. I'ontia brassica. Here, as well as in the district of 'Udine, they have totally devasta ted the crops of- winter cabbage. They stayed here n considerable time. : We may add' also that inthecoun try round Treviso they left great numbers of caterpil lars on the cabbage. ,. I have no doubt that you have noticed the accounts from the American newspapers of the tremendous ravages of all sorts of vermin this year, — cntcrpillnra, locusts, grasshoppers, nnd rats. The locusts nnd grasshoppers have devoured in a few hours extensive fieldsol corn ; and in California the. legion of mtflfrom a IakCj which feed oirthe water-grass, driven hack by n flood, discovered n field of 10!) acres of wheat, thn property of a. great corn-grower, nnd devoured it totally in an incredibly short time. They had then be gun'otf a fleld'of 400 acres, and. he nt once set on a great band of mowers' and cut it for hay, iu the only means of saving anything. No doubt the unusual bent ol this summer, too, gives this immense stimulus to vermin life,' nnd it may be called tli«. year of vermin.— S. Ml'HeruU. ' . , A Contiiactok's Wail— The Daily News of No vember 24 contains an article having the title ' Houud About France.' The writer visits various cafes and restaurants, and in jme of them drops across au Ameri cau speculator nnd his friend at breakfast. A question is inked the Yankee relative to his opinion of : the East ern question. ' WWI.' he replies, '? 1 have sold some considerable amount of old stores to the Russians and to the Turks. 'I -shall soon have' them ready for de livery. We have an nlmighty lot of them in tho United States, besides arms and ammunition to nny extent, which 1 have offered this nfte'rnoon to I'lince Boguhiltchnuo for delivery by hind or water car ringe in any part of Koumania. You see this looks to uk in America like a contractor's war brewing, nnd wo determined ut litst scent of It to make our game ns well us wo could. Sly partner is now nt Vienna, nnd I declare if here isn't Prince Ticknvitch from tfervin. Haven -drink. Prince.' The person thus addressed was a lank, cadaverous man, who seemed to be made of pale-colored gingerbread, but whose demeanor wns of prcterhntural gravity. ? ; Farm rents in England are on tho decline, tun] land there at present in worth Jos'r tnfnrm tli an- it was fifteen rears ago. Expenses ]i;ive increased enormously, nnd proceeds do not k«i-p pace with them. iVlr Meclif men tions iniati; corrnspoiiflenrft one farm in. Sur- rey being let at Ss SKI per acrr, and a drop in rents on several large estates is expected. A m:m a UK able 8iirgichl; operation has just been successfully performed at Paris by an eminent French surgeon. Two years ago a young man swallowed a fork, and it re mained embedded in tho stomach during that time. The rather hazardous operation of giiRtvotomy, or cutting open tho stomach, was resorted to, and tho fork was removed without difficulty. ? '?,..?. A chimney-sweep named Smith, residing at ' Caversha'm, a' suburb of 'Oiinedin, has fallen in for a fortune of £400,000. An American paper states that there are now eight pin factories in the United States,, which miike 47,000,000 pins daily. In addition to these, tho importation of pins reaches 25,000,000 daily. As those are sold it is safe, to say that 72,000,000 pins are lost daily, or 50,000 every minute ! In t\io Veterinarian, Lieutenant-Oolonol Sir Frederick Fitzwygram, Bart., a retcri nary surgeon, stated at a meeting of the Royal Veterinary Society, over ?which he presides, that all the cavalry horses in the British army are shod on the five nail prin ciple. Nuws received by the Californian mail confirms (says the Courier) the statement made some weeks ago in those columns, to the effect that Mr C. E. Jones, erstwhile Minister of Railways in Victoria, is still alive, and, to allappoarances, flourishing. A Madison (Wis) paper of 20th September, re ports a lecture upon Australia delivered by him, of which it is stated that it abounded in curious nnd comical illustrations, somo'of which wero side-splitting'; but in the main the humorous consisted in the narration, which defies reproduction. The peculiarities of the aborigines, of a certain Viscennt General, who out- Dundrearied Sothern, and many other oddities, made up many comic interludes, which made it impossible for any person to realise fatigue, although the lecture lasted more thpji ninety minutes. The pero ration wiia very fine. The Hon. S. Hastings, who visited Australia last year in the interest of 'Good Templarism, has also met Mr Jonns in tho course of his travels in the United States. Tacks and Ghosts. — Thero is nothing which ia more revolting to the sensitive ghost than the sharp flat-headed tacks known to artists as 'drawing tacks.' When one of these tacks is tossed on tho stago whore ma terialised ghosts disport themselves, it inva riably remains with its pomt upwards. It may readily be conceived that an unsuspect ing, barefooted ghost who treads heavily on. such a treacherous and penetrating tack would have a right to manifest a heirty and violent indignation. Indeed, almost any amount of language on the part of the in j^fid ghost would be pardoned by all humane men. But what did the ghosts of Daniel Webster do when he recently tried to walk over a stage strewn withdrawing tacks dur ing a materialising seance in a Wisconsin town? When the first tauk entered that os tensible ghost's right foot, he calmly lifted up tho injured limb, and undertook to with draw the intrusive bit of steel. It was not until, in his efforts to balance himseif on one leg, ho ran another tack in his left foot, that he broke silence by softly remarking ' Ouch ;' and it is doubtful if lie would have repeatsd that statement, or ventured upon a'y another, had he not incautiously sat down, 'and thus inserted two more tacks into his person. Tn thuse circumstances he might havo totally lost his temper, and no one could have had a word of blame for him ; but instead of letting his ghostly passions rise, he merely expressed his views of the matter by the simple and touching remark, ' Well, by gosh,' and hur riedly withdrew into tho mystic cabinet. Startling Death Cry. — The following extraordinary story is told by the London Daily News': — 'Mr Sjnith, the Assyriolo gist, died at Aleppo on the 19th August, at about the hour of six in the afternoon. On the same day, and between three-quarters of an hour and an heur later, a friend and fellow worker of Mr Smith (Dr. Delitzsch) was going, to tho house of a third person, the author of the account of the labours of the departed scholar which appeared in a weekly contem-. porary (the Academy). In the course of his walk Dr. Delitzsch passed within a stone's throw of the house in which Mr Smith lived when in London, and suddenly heard his own name uttered aloud in a 'most piorcinn cry,' which thrilled him to the marrow. The fact impressed him so strongly that ho looked at his watch, noted the hour, and although ho did not mention the circumstance at the timo, recorded it in his note-book. In this particular case, as it is reported, the sceptic can scarcely make use of tho fact that .Dr. Delitzsch did not state his experience to any one at the time it happened. The record in his note-book would be amply sufficient evi denceof the liveliness of the impression. Cri ticism would be better employed in discover ing the possibility of a suggestion of Mr Smith to Dr. Dolitzsch's mind. He was at that moment 'passing the end of Crogsland road, in which Mr George Smith lived.' Ha was, however, not thinking of him, and it is difficult to imagine that an unconscious suggestion of the brain, caused by the law of the association of ideas, could take the shape of a seeming cry, not of his friend's name but of his own, bo piercing as to thrill him to the marrow.' '?Tub Early Snake Bean. — A new kind of bean was discovered in New Guinea by. Signoi- D'Albcrtis on his late expedition' up the-Fly River. When full grown the pod at tains a length of from 3 to i feet with a cir cumference. of 6 to 8 inches. . When dried it becomes singularly wiry, tough, and twisted together, and is used by the natives as a ropo, for which it is admirably adaped, being much stronger than any cordage tho expedi tion party had on board their ship; the seed or boan has been found to possess' medicinal qualities which have a peculiar effect upon the digostive organs of the horse, and has been administered with remarkable effect in cases of colic, glanders, or gripes. To the farmers of New South Wales this interest ing leguminous plant would prove invaluable, ? for a row of it grown in proximity to the wheatfield, would furnish bands ready to hand for both sheaf and truss purposes.'.. It pos sesses a singular contractile- power when damped, and of such forco as to reduce a a truss of hay to half tho usual size, and thus supersed'o the use of a press . , Rep^kshntation oi^ this Sydney Uni versity. — In reference to the late election' for; the University, t\\\a' Pall Mall Gazette quotos the conditions of the franchise, and an extract from the Herald commenting upon the conditions and tho then coming election, and observes: — 'The Australian colonies are not usually credited with any great readinoss to modify their democratic institutions by giving political power to any clement except more numbers. New South Wales, however, distinguished itself some time ago, when the latnstj'Electoral Reform '-Act; was i adopted* by granting to -the University of ^Sydney tho privilege -of -returning -one member- to the House of Assombly as soon as tho number of its members who had taken tho higher de grees should amount to one hundred.' In a Intar issue tho same journal says:- — 'Wo notice a few days ago the concession of repre sentation in thn Parliament. of Now South Wales to the University of. Sydney. It now. appears that this good .example is likely to have' an influence upon the policy of tho neighbouring colonies.' The above alludes to Victoria, that colony, however, for tho pre sent has declined to give University represen tation in Parliament. — S. M. Herald. 'Strange Affair. — ;A very curious inci dent is recorded by the Burrangong Chroni cle as having occured at the sale of some effects recently disposed of within a few miles of Young. For a long time the deeds of some property concerning a house and premises and about 100 acres of land wero mislaid, and could not be discovered. It' was supposed that they were irrecoverably, lost, and application was made at tho Registrar General's office, in Sydney, for a copy of the missing documents. The persons interested were nimble, however, to give a satisfactory description of the property, nnd the conse quence was their application was not success ful, for the simple reason that, they could not accurately, describe the property conveyed. Tho family was still in possession of it, how over, and did not manifest any further care in the matter. Upon the death of the sur viving parent, which took place recontly, the children began to adjust 'affair's, aud to look into tho matter of the landed property. The same difficulty presented itself as of old: the deeds could not be found. Tho furniture was sold, amongst which was an old stuffed chair, made out of an ale cask, well padded, and used, exclusively almost, by the departed male parent of the family. The discarded article was removed by one of tho sons of the family ; for some time it was used by him in the parlor ; then it was taken into tho bed room ; finally it found its way into tho kitchen, as a lounging seat for Mary Ann. The son got into difficulties, and gave a bill of sale to one of his Creditors over tho entire lot of his effects. The man taking the in ventory was pleased with the comfort the old chair afforded him, and having an eye to business put it down, with tho intention of buying it, should it be put up to the hammer, which result he foresaw was immediately pending. A few weeks' time justified the prediction. The son's effects were sold, and the family being in reduced circumstances, many articles were bought in by private friends for them. The old chair, however, was spotted by the man who made the in ventory, and was purchased by him for Is 6d. This so exasperated the servant girl that, taking up an axe, she dcliberatelj cleft the chair in twain ; when lo, and behold ! was discovered to view in its interior, not only the missing deeds of tho prooerty, but si will, some £900 in notes and gold, and various valuable trinkets. The bailiff was so duiv&- founded that he appeared to have lost all re flection, for certain it is that Mary Ann took possession of her unlawfully acquired pro perty, which' however, in all honesty she immediately handed over to her master and mistress, whose joy can well bo imagined. 