MUSIC AND DRAMA. Town is now full of visitors, and the various entertrun monts have received full attention from them. The Exhibition by day and theatres at night have been thu regular order of proceeding. The Victoria last week was, as already mentioned, devoted entirely to Shakspeare. We have not, however, previously noticed Mr. Dampier's Shy lock, which he on Thursday week impersonated for the first. rime here. To this performance the greatest praise must be accorded, notwithstanding that in Sydney we have had the ©pportunity of seeing some of the best actors of then- day in the part It is characteristic of Mr. Dampier, as of all real artists, to make his part consistent throughout. Whether the version be approved or not, the consistency is preserved, and the conception of the character shadowed out hi the introductory scenes is worked up to the close with, gradually increasing power and effect. Shylock's hatred (for it passes aversion)) for all Christians is the first feeling nmnifested by Mr. Dampier; and his special animosity against Antonio comes next, for which he gives an express reason by emphasizing two lines in a way which, if it be no* new, is certainly vncommon. The Jew, addressing; Antonio, says, according to the ordinary delivery of the lines, ' Signor Antonio, many a time and oft, on the Rialto,' &c;, Mr. Dampier points it differently. He says, 'Many a time — and oft on the Rialto — you have rated me about my money and my usances,' &c;, thereby conveying the mean ing that not only has Antonio sneered at Shylock on all ordinary occasions, but has taken every opportunity of specially vilifying him on the place where bis words could. do liini most harm in his business, and where the word6 of the rich merchant would have most weight. This points the bitter feeling, and gives Shylock a special interest in re venging himself on Antonio, above all other men. And it is to be observed that, though his dislike applies to all Christians, he never addresses the others with the same peculiar malignity with which he speaks of and to Antonio, a lid even at the last when leaving the stage makes him cast a fiendish look of baflled hate on him. Miss Adelaide Bow-ring, as Portia, was excellent both in acting and de livery. She spoke the famous lines on ' Mercy' with fine emphasis; and indeed all through the trial scene was natural itud impressive in her manner. Miss Pixlcy had st suitable charaottr in Ncrissa, and so had Miss Kcniblc as Jessica. Mr. B. K. Jones was the Grutiauo, Mr. Fulford the Basfanio, and Mr. Jordan the Antonio, it is easy to i))-.;:gii;e what humour Mr. Bland Holt throw intoliis acting of L,auncolot Gobbo. On l'riday *' Othello' was repeated; butnu this occasion Mr. Dampier appeared as Iago, and Mr. Fuliord undertook the part of the- Moor. Miss Pixley was tho Dj.sdumona, and Miss Adelaide Bowring the Emilia. Not one, certainly not Mr. Dampier, will object to Mr. Fulford being iirst iDintioned. 'ihis young- actor -?«?!« inlv took his audience by surprise. It was not doubted that he would do * his best, but there was considerable question as to whether the part of Othello was not loo heavy for^ him. However, there was an agreeable disappointment. Mr. Fulford acted exceedingly well. Here and there he over-exerted himself and forced his voice too much .' but ns « whole ho deserves the greatest, credit for his work throughout. He had evidently taken Mr. Dampier as his model, for the stylo was in places un mistakable ; but, in addition to this he must have studied burd for himself, and his success must have been peculiarly gratifying, and not the less so «,s it was really camed and well deserved. Mr. Dampier's Iago is entirely stii ffctttris. He discards all outward uppa-tranoc of inang jiity, and even of passion — saved what is feigned. There is *a cold malice and cruelty about the part — a fair f .ice and a friendly manner which irresistably suggest the .spirit of Mephistopheles. Then the affectation of ignorance of Othello's feelings when Iago is condoling with Dusdc mona, and the sudden change to his natural manner in his asides to Emilia, are delicate pieces of acting. Mr. Damp ier fairly camed away his audience, for it was no un common thing that night to hear murmurs of surprise and indignation run round the house at the manifestations of Iago's consummate hypocrisy. A higher cosiiplimeiit could wcarcely be paid to an actor. Miss Pixley's Desda inona was good, and. indeed this lady has wonderfully improved in her acting of late. The scenes in which slie protest*- first her ignorance of the cause of Othello's anger, and then her innocence of the charge he makes and her wcmanJy indignation at their falsity, wisij rendered in an exctcdingly natural manner. Miss Bowring's Emilia was, its might be expected, the representation of a high-soulerl wcniiiii resulting even- breath of suspicion, despising the Moor for his causeless jealousy, and, while half suspecting her husband's share in the deception, compelled to bow before his superior will. To these lour characters the interest ol llio play is of course ctmiined ; but the others were, at till events, as well filled as could have been expected. After all this Mr. . Dampier and his company naturally require a rest of f-ome kind, and consequently a romantic drama called ?' Rel the Romany' was put upon the boards. Beyond the fun iind merriment of the play it has nothing to recommend it : and the three parts which Mr. Dumpier takes — it is a strange way of resting oneself to take three parts in one play— Rel, Elliot Gray, and the Chickaleary BlokeJ (O ! Hamlet's Ghost!), are amusing but nothing more. By the way, ' Hamlet' has been performed twice more, and on each occasion to crowded houses. No one character among all Mr. Dampier's extensive r&psrtoirc; seems to find more favour with a Sydney audience. There is a happy feeling about the company at present at, the Victoria Theatre, to which we alluded last week, and which has received further illustration this. A short time ago a picnic excursion down the harbour was arranged by Mr. Dampier, and the whole of the dramatic corps were invited. On Tuesday the return picnic was given by the company to Mr. and Mrs. Dampier, and a very merry and pleasant daj* was spent. The affair was carried out on a, very liberal t-cale, and there was nothing to mar the har mony of the gala. It may be thought that these proceed ings are of a private nature, and so they are to n certain extent ; but the public gain the advantage in finding that, the company piny heart and soul together, and that the performance's arc' improved by these little reunions, which have so great an influence in overcoming the little petty jealousies to which actors arc proverbially subject. At the Theatre Royal matters have taken a turn for the better since the engagement of Mr. aud Mrs. Tavares. It is a long time since a play both good in itself and really well acted has been produced at this theatre. For the most part the public have had to rely more upon the merit of the per formers and on good mounting than on the excellence of the drama. The announcement, therefore, that Mr. Tavares and Miss Surtecs (Mrs. Tavares) would appear in the favourite and ever popular comedy of ' Loudon Assurance' was particularly welcome. The cast was — Sir Hareourt Courtly, Mr. luvares ; Lady Guy Spanker, Miss Surteos ; Dazzle, Mr. Chaplin ; Harkaway* Mr. Joyce ; Grace, Miss Docv Mainwaring; Charles, Mr. Douglas; Meddle, Mr. South ; Dolly, Mr. Leston ; Cool, Mr. Welsh ; aud the other characters by Miss Maggie Oliver and Messrs. Brown, Hcsker, and Elliott. The first impression of the play was good, and throughout it was an undoubted success. Every one seemed fairly at home in the character which he or she assumed, aud there was consequently that ease and smooth ness about the performance which is imperatively nzrcawvry in comedy. Of Mr. Tuvares' Sir Karcourt Cjaitiy there is little necessity to say much, not because evciyfhin.r could not be said in its favour, but bec:insK3 his jvrfcitly natural sictuig of the c-harKi-trr is already thonir.tiurhly well fctw.vn here as i:i everr other place in which h-; ha- anpwel. If the pint had been written expressly for hi'.u he could not do it more justice — the whole nmlie-iip of the character was complete. Miss Suriees also gave a very capital representa tion of Lady Gay Spanker ; and, as might be expected, her idea was that of the happy, merry English girl. Mr. Chaplin's Dazzle deserves notice as being a piece of really clever and ingenious acting. Miss Muimvaring- was also good. Mr. Welsh, who is really a most deserving actor, was everything that could 'be desired as the thoroughly quiet,* attentive, and unscrupulous valet. The comedy was repeated on Wednesday night, and was eqaallv well played. Mr. Tavares has also appeared as logo and as Sir Peter Teazle. Miss Surtees is a very ensr.iging actrrsK. She has the cheerful sunny minncr whioli emi nently fits her for the parts in which she has appeared Lady Gay Spanker and Lady Teazle ; and Naomi Tight! in ' .School.' Unfortunately she has not been enjoying good health, and on some occasions has scarcely been able to get through her part; but the merit of her acting has been re * ognized notwitnstanding. Miss Mary Young Is a good reliable actress. She is almost always perfect in her text, and her manner is quiet find ladylike. There is a_ little too much sameness in the very deliberate enunciation she always adopts; and this prevents her from giving sufficient light and shade to her characters, but she .rarely spoils her part ; and her acting jrives the spectators the comfortable impression that a scene in -which she takes the chief part will be well done. Her fault, and really her only fault, is want of animation. If she would remeay this she would be one of the best actresses wo have. Mr. H. N. Douglas, who, we understand, is About to join Mrs. Gladstone's company, has considerable natural ability, but on the other hand, is, in his acting here at any rate, rather careless. It cannot be too often or too ?strongly insisted upon actors that no part in a good play is «o insignificant as not to require attention to details. The very footman who announces a visitor or brings in a card ought to be able to do those small offices with a view to the effect of the play itself. The actions have their signifi cance in the piece or they would not bo there ; that being so, and the object of acting being to convey the author's meaning harmoniously to the audience, all the accessories deserve study. The best proof of this is that the greatest actors never neglect them. Mr. Douglas would be much more effective as an actor if he would give strict attention to his parts. We shall probably be able next week to speak of the style of some of the other members of the company at our two chief theatres. The poor Queen's Theatre is again, we notice, to let. Madame Duret'6 reason has not proved, a success in any way, we fear. Popular favour is very capricious, but having taken a turn in one direction it is not easy to divert it. Now its directions at present is not towards York-street, and so the Queen's has no attraction. The only things to be noticed this week in musical matters are Mrs. Rosenberg's concert and the return of Levy, who is engaged for the Exhibition. Mrs. Rosenberg's concert, which was given at the Masonic Hall (surely one of the most inconvenient of concert rooms) was under the patronage of the Hon. Lady Robinson, who was present with her suite during the greater portion of the evening. A well -selected programme was presented, comprising classical music and other num bers of a lighter character. Mrs. Rosenberg sang ' Robert, toi que j'aime' (and for an encore gave ' Coming through the rye '), 'The power of love,' from Satanella ; Arne's 'The soldier tired ' (and on being encored sang 'Home, sweet home'); and as a finale, Arditi's valse, 'L'Estasi.' It will be seen that these songs embrace a great variety of style; but they were all rendered with great sweetness and expression, execution not being in any case wanting. The onlv one defective was the Scottish song, which requires a good deal more piquancy for the true national effect than Mrs. Kosen fcerg gave it. The famous duet, ' La ci darem,' with Mr. Andrew Fairfax, was another unfortunate number. It went anything but smoothly, and there was none of that finish about it that might have been expected from two vocalists of such ability. The accompaniment was far too loud ; indeed Mr. Huenerbein played as if his object was to keep the voices together. Herr Kretschmann's violin playing was distinguished as usual by great brilliancy .and effectiveness. His best solo was Vieuxtemps' ' Reverie,' ?which he performed with much feeling. The other, Alard's Fantasie from 'Linda di Chamouni,' though exeeedingly brilliant, was not sufficiently full and round in lone, and everytliing was sacrificed to execution. Herr Kretschmann was loudly applauded, and in the ' Reverie' was encored. Mons. Meilhan is not a man to play commonplace music, or to play any music without the spirit and feeling of a musician. His ren derings of Weber's ' L'Invitation a la Valse,' and of Beethoven's ' Moonlight Sonata,' were both marked by his usual careful execution and by delicate expression. Mr. Andrew Fairfax sang ' The Wanderer ' (Keller's, not Schubert's) and Balfe's '* The Peace of the Valley,' in which his fine voice was heard to great advan tage. Altogether, the concert was, so far as music is con cerned, very successful, and deserved a larger audience. Levy is great at the Exhibition concerts. He has returned from Melbourne, -where the papers speak enthusiastically in his praise ; as witness the Australasian : — ' If you are martial, you can bo stirred into enthusiasm by his warlike marches, and if you are patriotic, you will suffer acute nostalgia, as listening to some one of his national hymns, the tears ran down your face. In short, Levy is a ma gician. He will send the bloiW palpitating through the wnallest artery of your body, or he will dissolve you into a heavenly calm in which the whole world seems carpeted with primroses and canopied with rainbows. If you have not heard Levy, your musical education is incomplete. If you refuse to lion' Levy, I question your taste, 1 doubt your good sense, I have misgivings as to your sanity.' And the Leader is not less loud—' It is in these wonderful expositions of simple melodies that Mr. Levy so completely chains his audiences, and when at length the spell is broken their regained facul ties are used in vociferous outcries to the magician to again renew the fascinating sounds which enslaved their facul ties.' Cooper, Bailey, nnd Co.'s Circus is doing a great business at the pavilion in the Haymarket reserve. Wilson's Circus has concluded a successful series of entertainments. Bachclder's Diorama is exhibited to very moderate houses sit the School of Arts. 