LITERATURE Mongolian Migration. NO. II. THE CHINESE LEGEND. BY WILLIAM HEPWORTH DIXON. THE Chinese legend current in San Francisco is a little wild; making the Chinese in America a mere gang of bondsmen, owned by the Six Companies, and governed by an Asiatic Vehm Gericht, Grand Lodge or Council of Ten, who wield a secret and mysterious power, which neither male nor female can escape. Feeling some doubt as to the truth of this Chinese legend, taken as a whole, we seek for light among persons who are likely to have fecfetted out the facta—officen of police and ministen of religion; but for several weeks we pouch in vain. The Chinese legend is in books and mag—ones, and no one cares to ask his neighbor whether that current legend be true or false. At length, by help of Consul Booker, we approach the only people who have sure and perfect knowledge of the facta—the upper class of resident Chinese. Among the small group of rich and educated Chinese living in San Francisco, Lee Wong, a merchant of high standing and approved in tegrity, seems to be a man more likely than any other to give true answera to plain questions. • Lee Wong happens to Ue under obligation to our excellent Consul, for certain good offices in con nection with hiß business. He is willing to pay aome portion of hiß debt, by giving ub any in formation we may seek. We therefore ask him to ft conference at the Consulate. He comes at the appointed hour, and after formal compli ments we seat him in a chair, so that the majesty of Queen Victoria's face may beam into his Asiatic eyes. " Will you be kind enough to tell us, Lee Wong, about the Six Companies!" " Six Companies 1 Tour people make mistakes about these Companies. We haye, in fact Five Companies, not six. The body called by you the Sixth Company ia a oommittee of management and arbitration, a local body, living in America, and oharged with looking after busineaa on the Pacific coast. The Five Companies have their seats in China, and are known by the localities in whioh their memben live. These Five Com panies are—l. Ning Yung; 2. Kwong Chaw; I. Hop Wo; 4. Sam Yep; 5. Yung Wo. These Five Companies collect the emigrants, carry them to Canton and Hong-Kong, make all arrangements for their transport and see them E7 on board the mails. The Sixth Company Committee) sits in San Francisco, where ita ctions are to reoeive the emigrants on their arrival, and to see that all their contracts and ■ obligations are carried out" " Will you explain to us theae contracts and obligations!" " Yea ; but will you put yourselves in our place, and see the truth in a good light T The ——loans call ua heathen, but we have our own religion; and our religion is not, like the Melican religion, only for those who like and only when they like. Our religion is for while we live and after we die. So, when the Five Companies agree to bring a man over to Cali fornia, that is one thing; when they agree to take his ashes back to China, that ia another thing. You ace ? The agreement to bring bim over is a contract; the agreement to carry his ashes back is an obligation." "Are all your passengen placed under the aame kind of bond ?" "Not all. We have two classes on our lists : first—suoh as oome over in our debt, and under bond to us; Becond, such as pay their own fares In Hong-Kong and land in San Francisco free. We have a contract with the first class only ; but we have our obligations towards the second olass alao, since we are bound to carry them baok in case of death.'* " Tell us how you begin your labor. Where do you find the people to come over ?" "The Five Companies send their agents up and down the provinces, both near the sea and far in land, to tell poor people, who are pinched for rioe and tea, of the great markets which are opening for their labor in California, Oregon, and Nevada. Of course they talk big. Melican talk big ; Chinaman talk bigger than Melican. These agents say the hills are made of silver, and the riven run with gold. They offer help, giving passes to such penons as care to move. They find all means of transport; here by road, there by river; doing things so well—having plenty of rich men to help—that they bring a man to the coast in carts and boats for less money than he could get along on foot For five dollars they pick him up in his village, and carry him down to Hong-Kong. If he iB poor they take hia bond for those five doll* I—,1 —, supplying his needs in meat and drink, for which they take a second bond. When he arrives in Hong-Kong, they get his licence and secure hiß berth. The fare is forty-five dollara, which money they pay, also a landing-fee of five dollan, which ia repaid by the Steam Company to our Committee in San Francisco. These five dollara paid by the Com mittee go into the Dead Fund." " Then, as a rule, each man who sails from Hong-Kong to San Francisco is not merely a pauper, but a pledged debtor and bondman 1" " Hum I Chinaman is used to all that—he no care; he work hard and save much money. Then he go free." " How much, on an average, is the amount of hia debt wben he lands ?" " From first to last a common passenger may ewe his Company ninety or a hundred dollara. All this money he will have to work out" " Before he becomes his own master—before he can do as he Ukes ?" " Of course, before he does as he likes he must redeem his bond." "Do the Five Companies in China take his personal bond, trusting to the Sixth Company in San Francisco to get their money back!" " They take a family bond aa welL In China every man has some one—father, uncle, brother— who is ready to give pledges. We are not like MeUcanB. Our family system makes it easy to obtain such bonds, for every member of a family has his place in a sacred Une, ascending and de scending in a series from the firat man to the . last If there be houße and land, we take a Uen on house and land, tbe family giving us a mortgage and allowing us interest at the rate of twenty-four or thirty-six per cent" " Good interest!" " Yes; it is a trade, and as a trade we make it pay. If an emigrant has neither house nor land, we ask the personal security of his father and grandfather; his ancestors being the most sacred things a Chinese man can pledge. We charge more interest when the security is only personal ? Yes, we charge ten dollan a month in place of two. Yet these securities seldom fail. Of coune, we run some rißk. Our man may die; wone still, he may fall Bick; wont of all, he may commit a crime. If sent to gaol, his work is lost Again, his bond may turn out bad. But every business haa a lucky and unlucky turn." " A man with auoh a debt as yon describe is virtually a slave?" "In Canton, yea; in San Francisco, no. We never use such words. We are his masters and parents. We receive him on landing into our two great societies in San Francisco—the Wing Yung and the Fook Ting Tong—where he is watched over in life and death." " What are these great societies of Wing Yung and Fook Ting Tong ?" "Wing Yung is our Uving office, near the county gaol. When the ships arrive, we bring our people to Wing Yung, where we lodge them, feed them, and hire them out Fook Ting Tong is our Dead Office, in Laurel-hill Cemetery, where we lay the ashes of our people till they can be sent home to China." " Do many of your bondmen run away ?" " They cannot run away. They have no food, no money. They speak no English words; they know no Mehcan magistrates. Nearly aU the people in San Francisco think them bad men— paupers, convicts, and rebels. No family will engage a Chinaman unless we give him a character and guarantee his conduct So they have to stay with us, or die in the streets. We let them out on hire, receiving their wages, and giving them so much a month to live on—tiU our debta are paid." " About the second class—the men who pay their own fares, and come on their own account —are they on landing free from your control T' "Free from the Sixth Companyf" "Yes: are they free from all control, save that of the Amerioan courts ?" " They pay the Company five dollan eaoh as a landing-fee. Thiß fee they are oompeUed to pay, because they cannot land without our leave." "Then, your company have some authority over every man who comes from Hong-Kong, and lands in this port f" " We have the moral obligation to restore his bones to China; so we tax him five dollan on his landing—to be safe. Unless we give him our certificate, the Pacifio MaU Oompany wiU not let him come on shore. That oontract is made by the Five Companies with the Mail Company. When a passenger has paid his fee, he is at Überty to leave his ship—but not till he can show that he has paid this fee, in either gold or bonds." " You keep an eye on him afterwards, much as you keep an eye on your bond-servant ?" "The Bame. We keep an eye on everyone. Who else would care about his bones ?" " You have your own poUce and magistrates!" " We have our spies and head-men everywhere. In San Francisco we have many spies. It it thought a good thing to be a spy; a bad thing to be a ghost A spy serves the Chinese, a ghost serves the MeUcans. By means of these spies and head-men we hear of what ia going on in every house. We know every man's name, and where he is, and what he iB about It is our duty to fish out things. Even when a man iB dead, we have to find his bones and send them home. If not, he would be buried and forgotten like a dog." " Your Company is said to wield such secret powen that you can reach offenders in any place, and strike them down at any moment, even under the eyes of local magistrates. For instance, I have heard that two of your people Uved near Reno, in the Nevada Mountains; that one of them broke some rule of the Six Companies ; that his fellow received a hint to kiU him ; and that he was put away so craftily that the crime has never yet been traced. Can Bueh a tale be true ?" "Who knowß? Some Chinamen good, some bad. MeUcan law make bad men worse. In Hong-Kong if you kill a man, you wiU be hung, whether you have plenty of money or not Money makes no difference. In San Francisco, you kaU a man ; if you have plenty money, you get off. That is not good law. Here, too, all Borta of Becret societies are allowed. In China, only bad men enter into Masonic lodges; rogues and rebels, who want to change the dynasty and destroy the faith. These Becret societies are all put down by mandarins. Here, the bad Chinamen Btart a lodge. We ask the MeUcans to put thera down. They answer that the law allows Masonic lodges. That bad law. The Sixth Company has to put them down." " You seem to exercise the power of a Vigilant Committee ?" "No; we have no Becret powen. We only have our bonds and mortgages, the sway which those who lend money have on their debtor. All beyond is moral force—and the two great so cieties of Wing Yung and Fook Ting Tong. Chinese ourselves, we undentand our brethren ; having the Bame religious rites, the same family sentiment, as the poorest followers of Tao and Buddha. Our chief authority Ues in our oontrol of the Dead Fund. A man who might not atop at murder, would shrink from vexing a tribunal that may cause delay in sending back his bones to Hong-Kong." "Ib such delay frequent ?" " Yes, for months and years. Exoept on our certificate no steamer will carry dead men's bones, and some of the captains wiU not carry them at all." " You have no vessels of your own ?" " Not yet Our trade is carried on in English ships, and English sailors hate to oarry bones. It is no part of their religion, as of oun, to be buried on the spot where they are born." " Your people all go back ?" " Yes, all good people. Here and there some Tartar rascals, having no regard for their an cestors, cut their pig-tails and put on Melican clothes. Not men, but cure. Except these dogs, ail Chinese go back—when they are dead." " StiU you are pouring in ?" " Yes; more and more ; each season more than ever. Last year five thousand; this year thirteen thousand ; next year twenty-five thousand—perhaps. In MeUca, plenty land, not muoh people; in China, plenty people, not muoh land; so Chinamen like to Uve in MeUca, and go back to China wheu they die." 