Amusements Theatee Hoym, Mr. F. M. ..Bates appeared last eight as Hamlet, u wiih the raven locks, ' and there .being now a decided majority in favour of the 'flaxen but ' in the nigs of Messrs. Alfred Dampier and G. D. Chaplin, me suppose the disputants upon this momentous qnertiou will con sider it gmficieutly ' haired ' in favour of the flax. Of the performance of the character of ' Hamlet' by Mr. F. M. Bates, we advise him when next he thinks of playing it ro renu jrujicn* aunce hi persons aoonif to marry, and take it Mrs F. M. Bates played Ophelia, and Hiss Melville the Queen. Miss Maggie Oliver ap peared eBOsric,andg&vegreatsati8faotionaithBt; viva cious gentleman. Mr. J. H. Bkinford played the Ghost, but delivered his words in too set a series of breaks and pronouncing ' gins ' with the liquid sound mams! the poet'a meaning about the glowworm. The scenery was excellently managed, and the play was mounted ap propriately enough, although for some reason or other Hamlet on this occasion did not ' draw.' To-night Mr. O.D. Chaplin will appear as 'Maobetu.' and Hrs.F. M. Bates aa Lady Macbeth. The whole of Locke's beautiful music will be performed, so that a treat may b» expected of no mean order, especially as Macbeth is, birring the costame, one of Mr. Ghaplio'a finest per formanoes. On Friday evening Mrs. F. M. Bates will take her benefit, when the beautiful oomedyaf 'School' will be performed followed by thg faroe of 'The Toadies.' On this ocsasion s photojjrapli of the talented actress will be presented to every occupant of the dreti-circle, stalls, and family circle. SCHOOt OF A.BT8. To-night is anaonsoed'AS the last of Dr. Silvester's popular and really elegant entertainment at the above plane of amusement, QdEKf'a Tbbatbe. The Japaneae and Variety tronpa continues to amuse the tolerably good audiences who assemble at the above theatre, although some of the local wit is most absurdlyTabused byjone or two of the comic, auerv. . Ringers. If they wish to attract thoy must cease to offend. On Saturday, St. Patrick's bight, will be pro duced the Irish drama of 'Handy Andy' in ?which that favourite and popular actor Mr. William Andrews will sustain the character of ?? Handy.' Those wbo know jar. Andrews'a power of delineating Irish : acotah, or even Deacon Skinner-like parts, have a rich fond of amusement in the play of Saturday night, ana as Mr. Andrews wiU be assisted by Miss NeUy Mon tague, who ha! not appeared npon tho stage for* con MAAmhlA lama nf 4»**«b ma _ll __. t ... vtu.wa.HHaw ?«-/uv w. uui^a on WDU Bs] OV *|1 6X061160 «ompany in the mjaor jcharacteni, public patronage should recompense Uieaotor's abOity aaa endeavourto cater for its amusement »»u» w Iffhe E, C. BiBbop of Maitisad Jaid tfee founds^ tion st»ne of the new Cathedral Ohurch at Tamworth. on Sunday last. The ram gf £400 was laid upon the ?tone, in addition to several handsome donatieas that had been forwarded previously, - - A meeting was held at the Glebe Council Cham bers last evening, at whutfajarge number of geutiemen jsre present, for the ptatose of forming a volunteer fire oompsny ; Alderman James Graham in the chair Several gentlemen spoke at some length in favour of tbe movement, and a embscription'was opened. A oon Bderable amaant was snbseribed, aad several gentle ?^ff*S? 3t_ eelves *? forking members. Mr Q. W Tftt#s^BB elected hon. treasurer, and Mr. W. J ?wS? ft ff t Jt WS8 decided *n»t a monster public 3S*raP?Ula*ibe^ela ^1JfeSiae^y eveninl, the »tklns»ant, at the Council Chambers. 