CARDS SPIRITUALIZED ; OR THE SOLDIER'S PRAYER BOOK. " The Perpetual Almanack ; or Soldier's Prayer Book," giving an acconnt of Richd Lane, a private belonging to tlie 47th regiment of oot, who was taken before the mayor of the own for playing at cards during Divine Service. Ihe sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, and when the parson had read the prayers, he took his text. Those who had a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor common Prayer Book, but pulling out a pack lit' cMdsiieumrepd-them before him. He first at the other; liim, and said; 'Lcllard, put up thoShStfYtliis is no plaie&t; them." "Never naMjtliat," .said RicffarcjXW'hen the serviceife2ycr, the onstahleNtKiebtfmlri«ejr5r ?qmKbrought him befor tbe mayor, " WhabTlttTtf-yeu-ght that soldier here for ?" " For playing at cards in church." " Well, soldier, what have you got to say for yourself?" "Much Sir, I hope." "Very good; if not, I will punish you more than ever | man was punished. " 1 have been," said the soldier, " about six weeks on the march ; I havo had but little to subsist on; I have neither Bible nor common. Prayer Book ; I have nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope j to satisfy 3'our Worship 'r of the purity of m' j intention." I " Yery good," said the mayor. Then spreading the cards before the mayor, he began with the ace. " When I see the ace, it reminds me there is only one God. When I see tbe deuce, it reminds me, of Father and Son. When I see the tray, ii reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four, it reminds me of the four evangelists that preaohed— viz., Matthew, Mark, Lake and John. When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. I There were ten ; but fivo were wise and five foolish, and were shut out. When I see the six, it reminds mo that' in six daya the Lord made heaveu and earth. Whon I see tbe seven, it remiuds me that on the seventh day God rested from tbe works which he had made, aud hallowed it. When I see the eight-, it reminds me of the eight righteons persons that were saved when God drowned the world — viz., Noah ami his wife, his. three sons and their wives. When I Bee the nine, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were eleansed. There were ten;: but nine never returned thanks. When I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Commandments, which God handed down to Moses on a table of stone. When I see the king, said the sol dier, it reminds me of the Great King of Heaven, whioh is God Almighty. When I see the queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who went to hear the wisdom of Solo mon ; for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and whioh were girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash themselves. The girls washed to the elbows and the boys only to the wrist ; so King Solomon told by that." " Well," said the Mayor, " yon have given a description of all the cards in the pack ex cept one." < " Which is that ?" asked the soldier. The knave," replied the Mayor. " I will give yoar Honor a description of that, too, it yon wit I not be angry." " I will not," sai I the Mayor, "if you will not term me to be the knave." "Well," said the soldier, "the greatest knave I know is the constable that brought me here." " I do uot kmw," said tbe Mayor, " whether he is the greatest knave ; I know he is the gr-itpst foot." ' When I couut how many spots in a pack of cards," continued the soldier, "I find 365, is uiauy days as there are in a year. Wheti I couut the number of cards in a pack I find there are 52, as many weeks as there are in a year. When I connt the tricks at cards I find 13, as many months as there are iu a year. So you see, Sir, the pack of cards serves for a Bible, Almanack, and common Prayer Book to tne." A Substitute for Beeswax. — We learn from our Continental correspondence that a curious fact has lately como before the Italiau public, viz., the oxisteuoe in certain parts of their country of an oleaginous stone resem bling beeswax, and which may be substituted for the latter, for nearly all purposes for which beeswax is used. The police of one of the Tuscan towns recently arrested a woman because, having frequently sold wax to grocers, she refused to say where she had obtained it. At last she declared she procured it from a certain species of stone. Two days afterwards a professor of chemistry happened to be in the office of the examining magistrate, who laughingly related the iucident. " Do not smile," said the chemist, " for, in several localities of Ga'ecia and Moldavia there is found au oleaginous stone resembling wax, and that melts in the heat of the sun. It is called ozocerite, and a large trade is done in the unicle. Why may not the same sort of stone exist in our mountains ?" The magis- trate at once ordered that the woman should be brought before him ; and she declared that the facts were precisely as the professor had supposed. " Bin why," asked the func tionary, " did you refuse to tell where you bad obtained ilie wax." " Because," she replied, ' the Government would soon have deprived me of that source of gain, although the piece of land where this precious stone is found is in' own property." .Strange Natural Phenomenon. — Daven port (Iowa), 2nd June. While Mr George Penrsal, of Coo Township, Roek Island Country, was boring for coal on bis farm in a ravine, the surface of which is probably ten or twelve feet higher than Rock River, and when down seventy feet, they heard a heavy, rumbliug noise, immediately followed by a rush of water from below, filling the six-inch tube, which raised the drilling machinery, weighing some 700 pounds, up many feet. On moving the drilling apparatus a volume of water was thrown into the air, perhaps twenty feet, and yet continues to raise seveu or eight, when it spreads out into jets like an artificial fountain. It is estimated that it disoharges a barrel of water a miuute. The water is pure and cold. A stone thrown into the tube is immediately hurried back into the air, as is a ran wnen iorceu aown into it. rue subter ranean lake or river must be some sixty feet below the bed of Rock River. From whence it comes or where it goes; or if it is a pent-up lake, fed by springs or an underground river, is unknown Insects. — Insects of all kinds appear to be in a disagreeable state of activity at the present time in the United States, and are daily making their presence more and more evident as a tribe which from numbers alone possesses a power no nation can afford to despise. An incident, reported by the Chicago Inter-Ocean as having occurred the other day on the Northern Pacific Railroad, illustrates the gigantic nature ot the operations under taken by the caterpillars, who, as an invading host, are even more destructive than the armies of the Czar. At about fifty miles from Chicago, near Sicotte's station, "an eastward bound train was stopped by the slipping of the wheels on the track. On examining the rails it was found that the entire surface of the ground was covered with caterpillars. hey were scattered along the road for nearly two miles, as the train ran over them the track was made " quite oily" with their bodies. So serious was the obstruction caused by these creatures that it was only with extreme diffi culty that the train could proceed on its journey, which, however, it managed to do after several vexatious delays. The cater pillars, according to Dr Heichhold, who was a passenger by tlie train, were destroying all foliage in their march and leaving the country behind them a desolate wilderness. They are supposed to be " going west," and the sooner they arrive at their destination the better pleased 110 doubt will be the farmers ou the route by which they are advancing to that point of the compass. General Grant at Guildhall — The Times of June 10 observes : — General Grant received a peculiar English mark of atten tion yesterday by being presented with the freedom of the City. Whatever else may be said of the City of London.it is certainly a piece of 'Old England. The General was told that the freedom with which he was in vested had been confirmed but not granted, by the Conqueror, and that it had existed for eight centuries before the Pilgrim Fathers had set foot on the Plymouth rock. What ever the particular date of its. origin, the City charter opens up a boundless vista of tradition. England may, in a certain sense, claim 10 be the oldest of a compact political organizations, for France, which presents many points of rivalry, cut the thread of her history by the Revolution. The City may equally well claim to rank with the oldest phrases of English political life. It represents as forcibly as any part of our Constitution the English tendency to abide by ancient, forms. There have been Radical Lord Mayors, but their revolutionary instincts have not found vent in the City. They have defended ancient mysterious customs as passionately as the most bigoted of the Tories : whom they have reviled on going west .of Temple Bar. General Grant may find it difficult to understand such a temper ; but it ought . to interest every American citizen, for the mingled Conservatism of the City represent the moral stuff out of which American as well as Eng Iish life has grown . . . The General's service to America will be remembered as long as its history ; and the Lord Mayor justly said that the City conferred honor upon 'itself by honoring him. A Tassianian Cricketer in England. — The Hobart Town Mercury has the following : — Mr E. H. Butler, the well known Tas- raanian cricketer, has been distinguishing himself in one of the greatest matches, in? England, Gentlemen v Players. The match began on the 5th July, and as the mail left on the following day we haye.only received a: report of the first day's play.' Mr Butler's 18 not out, is an excellent score, and full- justi fies his selection to be a member of /the gen-' tlemen team. During his stay in England, he has, we believe, played in- other matches: Where is Rockhampton ?— It has alway been declared by our enemies (says the C.apri-i corniah) that Rockhampton is in the wrong place. We always held the contrary Opin ion, but the logic of facts just published h'as given a smart blow to our confidence. It would seem that even now nobody knows for certain where Rockliamption really is. The Registrar-General assigns its, place in one locality, the " Old Commodore" in another, the district surveyora third, and Captain Bed- well a fourth. This conflict of opinion ought to be very " distressing to owners of real pro perty. If it is impossible to say to a mile or two where the town really is, what beoomes of the titles to the £50 per foot frontages in East- street ? If the post and telegraph offioe, for example, turns out to be a mile away from the place where it has always been assumed to be, what is the actual location of the various banks, or of the stores of Messrs Hunter, Reid, Mulligan, Jones, Budden, and others ? It is quite dear that more than one savant is out of his latitude, and equally dear that the public ought to be informed which xaotly in it. School Contracts. — The following tenders have been accepted by the Education Depart ment : — Extension to school at Barnawartha, J. Keene, £167 16s; new school at Spring- hurst, T. Sandham, £210 12s ; wood school at Sandy Creek, Eli Thornby, £289 ; ve randah, &o.;, at Stanley, Beeohworth district, W. Scott, £62 16s 6d. A Pugilistic Councillor.— A shire Coun cillor has got into tronble at Griffiths' Point At the Police Court held there on Sanirdray David B. Kennedy, a councillor of the shire of Phillip Island and Woolomai, and also electoral registrar for the Corinella division of the county of Mornington, was charged with having assaulted John Kidd, another councillor. The evidence given for the prosecution by four councillors add a police man was to tin- effect, ciist the 2ist July 'ast a revision e-.-ur; for the -hire wag held before the local council, an. I that Kennedy twice ii.terrnnii-.l the Pr,si a-i.t. ilr M Turn- bull. On tin- ilei-hiiant. inlet rupliug for the third time, Cou»ci!l>-r Turnbult said "I have called you to order twice, Councillor Kennedy, and I now do so for the third time." Councillor Kennedy said, "Your area liar, and I don 't care a for you or your orders." Thereupon Councillor Kidd got up and said he would not sit there any longer to hear the president spoken to in that way. Councillor Kennedy then said, " You old fool take that," accompany his words with a blow, striking Councillor Kidd on the eye and knocking him down. The president gave Councillor Kennedy in charge for as sault but the defendent was bailed out. The defendant denied having used the lan guage attributed to him, and alleged that he struck Councillor Kidd in self-defence. He called two witnesses, Missen and Both- well, who said that Councillor Kidd put his hands to his (Kidd's) eoat as if to pull it off. Bothwell said that Kidd struck Kennedy. The bench, consisting of Mr Heron, P.M., and Captain Reid, J P., considere i the case proved, and sentenced the defendant to one month's imprisonment in Melbourne Gaol. The Planet Mars.— An English journal says In August, 1719, a ruddy star, far brighter than any of that colour which per sons then living remembered to have seen, was observed shining towards the south at midnight Astronomers knew it to be the planet Mars ; but Mars had not shone so .resplendenily for seventy-nine years to come. Persons who were ignorant, or knew but little of astronomy, supposed that some new star had made its appearance. Baron de Zach,in his" Correspondence Astrouemique," states that considerable alarm was experienced on this account In 1798 the idea was again entertained by man that a new star was shining iu the heavens, though men do not appear to have been much alarmed in conse- qu-. nce. Iu the autumn of tbe present year the planet Mars will present a similar ap pearance of unusual splendour ; ami as he will not be seen under such favourable con- ditions again during the present centur', or indeed during the lifetime of any of the astronomers now living, considerable interest is attached to the circumstance, and prepar ations are being made in all observatories for the careful study of the planet's position and appearance. Hulieman Pasha.— In reply to a letter which appeared in our issue of Saturday re questing information as to the nationality of Snlieman Pasha, we have reoeived the follow ing, which we publish for what it is worth:— " Casllemaine, 3rd September. — Dear Sir, I can give ' Inquirer' the information he asks for relative to the nationality of Sulieman Pasba, ns he happens to be a relative of my own. His real name is Pat Snllivau, and he wa3 born m the county Monaghan. When, a young man he enlisted in the 29th High landers, and soon rose to the rank of colour sergeant. During the Fenian excitement he got involved in that foolish movement, was arrested, and kept in prison for Borne time, but for want of evidence was never brought to trial. In prison he made the acquaintance of James Mnrtagh, another soldier prisoner, and on their release from prison, being dismissed their regiments, they got into the Turkish service. This was through the influence of O'Reilly Bey, 'a '48 man, whose chequered career is so well known. James Murtagh is now Mukhtar PaBha, commanding the Turkish armies in Asia. I may add that Sulioman Pasba is still a Christian, and that he contri butes bandsomely to the mpport of an aged mother in Ireland. — I am, ate., John Sulli van." — Daily Telegraph. r.ELtGiou3 Instructiok.— The Protestant ministers of Emerald-hili have arranged with the head teachers of State schools in tiio town, and the Education department, that the schools shall begin on Tuesdays and Fridays at a quarter to teu a.m. Oa these oiomiugs from nine to balf-past nine, and on Saturdays from nine to ten, tbe ministers will give re ligious instruction in the Bible only, in their several places of worship. They have com menced this work, and they appeal to pareuts to send their children regularly, and to members of the congregation to give their services as teaohers on one or more days per week. — Age. Startling Scandal.— The London corres pondent of tbe New York Times telegraphs:— " As supplementary to my recent letters on society in London, and illustrative of the un healthy tone of aristocratic life in the metropolis, I may communicate a social inei. deut that came to my knowledge to-day. This is the elopement of Lady Ernest Tempest with Mr Hungerford. Lord Tempest swears that lie will shoot Mr Hungerford, and a duel between persons of the prominence of the parties involved ia this scandalous affair will tend to make it more than a nine days' wonder. Mrs Hungerford, whose hus band has been guilty of this violation of the social and moral law, is a great friend of the Prince of Wales. This is unquestionably the most startling scandal of tbe season. Lord Ernest M'Donnell VaaeTempest is the brother of the present Marquis of London derry. He was born on the 29tli Februaiy, 1836, and married on the 12th of January, 1869, to Miss Mary Hntchinson, daughter of Thomas Hutchinson, Esq , of HowdeH-hall, county Durham. They have one child, a son, born in 1871." Dabing Feat of Hobskkakship.— At the Btisbmo Exhibition ra'oes, iu the Hurdle Race, Pygmalion, late Comet, was ridden by his owner, and won after an unparalleled feat of horsemanship. Ha took seven hnrdles in excellent style, bat toaohed the eighth and fell, being apparently oat of tbe race. The rider was immediately np again, and did not stop to pat the bridle over the horse's head, and came in a winner mintu his stirrnpB. The whole thing was a clever piece of horse manship, and was rewarded with immense cheering. Badger was second. " A Million of Monet." — Nearly every reader is acquainted with Mrs Betham Edwards' novel entitled "A Million of Money." However, the circumstances stated in that' boob are fiction, bat the following startling telegram from Sydney m the Herald is given as a statement of fact. The telegram says :'y-" Information has . been received in .Sydney.of a tremendous, piece of good for- tine, jvhich has befallen a man who was at fine time a well-known resident of Sydney. The fortune's favorite referred to is a Mr Thomas, who was for a long time engaged in business here as an undertaker in a small way. He frequently stated that if be could get home he could prove bis right to an enormous estate, but he had not , the means of getting homn and presenting' his right. He at length sub- ' tnitted his proofs to some gentlemen, who saw that the. case was a good one, and the conse quence was' that they subscribed a sum of money which- enabled Thomas to go home, 1-iy claim to his estate, and prosecute hia claim. The information now received 13 to the effect that the claim has been allowed by the Court of Chancery, and the resnlt is ' that Thomas has come into possession of an immense fortune; worth in the aggregrate, about a million sterling, and consisting of £500,000 in cash, and property in Wales worth £430,000 more." Cure for Burns.— The Glasgow Herald publishes the following simple remedy for curing burns. It w 1 suggested by Lord Elbury. The common whiting of commerce , reduced by cold water to the thickness o cream, is to be spread on a light linen rag, and the whole burnt surface instantly covered and thus exclndsd from the air. The ease it affords is instantaneous, and it only requires to he kept moist by subsequent oc casional sprinklings of ould water to prove an effectual cure. War Printing Offices. — Every large army of modern times if accompanied by a fully equipped printing-office. The Russian forces are accompanied bjr one replete with every requirement both for typographic and lithographic printing. No fees than four waggons are appropriated to this specbl de partment. 