ODe _5>gönei) Jftonttog peíalo» TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1877. I -* A SHORT time ago we drew attention to the j difficulties that were felt in finding competent teachers for the large Public schools, which ought to servo as models to the others., The same difficulty, according to Mr. J. G. FITCH, existí in England. In a recent number of the Contemporary Reiieiv, this gentleman points out that the want of teachers for large primary schools, and also for middle-class schools, arises from the fact that the English education system has hitherto made no provision for furnishing them. The necessity of finding masters for the ordinary primary schools has enforced on the educational authorities the necessity of making some provision for getting trained men. "We have done a little in this way our- selves, but we are bound to own that it is only a little. "We dare not express any satisfaction with the thorough efficiency with which our teachers are trained ;_on the contrary, there is still almost as much to be done in teaching the teachers as in teaching the taught. We are not alone, however, in this respect. Mr. FITCH; when referring to the English system of training, which is more complete than anything we have in force here, says of a certificated schoolmaster :-H Those who entertain the truest respect for him, and have had the best opportunities of testing and appre- ciating his work, must also be conscious of his special faults, and must have grave misgivings1 as to the future of a gigantic system of national education which is to be exclusively in his hands. As a class the ele- mentary teachers have had few opportunities of general culture. They have passed the better period of their education and apprenticeship in the primary school. Everything «lias been acquired in view of its direct bearing on the standards and the code. Even at the training colleges their life has been spent in the midst of other students of the same origin and des- tination, and under the care of tutors and normal masters, a considerable number of whom have been selected from the same class. Afterwards they become assistants or masters at once, and begin their life's routine, having never during their entire career come into con- tact with the outer world of thought and culture, or had any opportunity of comparing their own acquirements with the standard which in other professions represents a liberal education. Their minds are bornes in every direction by the traditions and the somewhat close atmosphere of the elementary Behool, and they evince a frequent tendency to over- estimate the importance of mere theory and technical drill, and in the same proportion to undervalue the necessity for an ample, varied, and accurate knowledge of the subjects closely akin to those which they have to teach." And, he adds, " the best remedy for this evil is to Tjring some of the teachers at least into the profession by other routes than apprenticing and training colleges, and so to tempt into a calling which is one of increasing honour and emolument a few per- sons who have enjoyed broader culture and experience and who possess more knowledge of the world, that they may break the monotony of the Privy Council system, and infuse some elements of a better spirit into tiie corporate life of the teachers' associations, some of which are at present sadly deficient in high aims and true self-knowledge, and are displaying ominous signs of a selfish and ignoble trades-unionism. If, however, the preparation of primary teachers leaves much to be desired, there is hardly any distinctive preparation for teachers of the largest Public schools, and for the middle-class grammar schools which form the next stage in the upward progress. Mr. FITCH seems to think that the very faet that England began by training teachers for schools of the lowest grade, has created a little prejudice against men so trained, and that if the custom had begun at the top it would have descended to the bottom, while it will be very hard to raise it from the bottom to the top. " Fashions descend but do not easily rise, and it has thus come to pass that amongst school- masters who have University degrees, and ladies who preside over genteel seminaries for the upper classes, the belief prevails that their superior knowledge and refinement render them independent of a kind of discipline hitherto exclusively confined to a class of workers whom it is easy for a super- ficial observer to stigmatise as deficient in breeding and in culture, and as occupied mainly with the humble work of instructing poor children." That a training is necessary in most cases is admitted frankly by eminent teachers. Mr. FITCH quotes DAVID STOW'S say- ing, that j* among the students who came to him at 'Glasgow, he only found one in fifty distinguished by any genius for teaching, and only five in fifty failed to be efficient teachers, after a good course of normal training ; and he gives testimonies to similar purport from Dr. BÜTLBB, of Harrow, Dr. ABBOTT, of the city of London School, and Dr. JONES, of the King William's College, in the Isle of Man. An aptitude for learning by no means always means 'an aptitude for teaching, and good . scholars do not necessarily mean good teachers. Natural genius ia a rare thing, but ordinary talent capable of being trained to do a thing well is by no means uncommon, and it . is to training more than to the chance of genius that we must obviously look to pro- vide the number of men that are required. There is the same difference says Mr. FITCH " between skilled and unskilled labour that is observable in other professional trades, and the problem how to get .the best and truest results for skilled work in a short time with the minimum of friction and. the maximum of spontaneous joyous effort is at present un- solved. In the secondary schools of England it never will be Bolved until the attention of aspirantB to the teaaher's office is as systemati- cally directed to what philosophy and experi- ence offer to teach on the subject, as that of a medical student is now directed to the ['principles of physiology and anatomy, to the ' phenomenon of disease and the condition" of health." J In Bristol, it appears, there has been estab | lished a training college of the sort adapted to the requirements of secondary teachers. It has become possible to divert to this pur- pose an old endowment no longer wanted foi primary schools ; and it has to be seen how far this institution will answer the purpose. Mr. FITCH himself thinks that there is little prospect of multiplying institutions of this kind, and does not very much desire it. He gives a preference to the plan of establish- ing at the universities piofessors of the art of teaching. He thinks men may be found who will gather up all the literature on this subject, which is aheady considerable ; who will make pupils who intend to be teachers, acquainted with what has already been done in the way of systematising their profession, and who can start them on their career with an amount of experience more than most of them would ever have the chance of gaining during a long life ; and he thinks the best effects will arise from having English teachers trained to theil' work under the general atmosphere of a university with its broad culture. This is a remedy which we fear is not available here. THK House did well on Tuesday last to give the weight of its sanction to the report of the Select Committee on the Employment of Children. It is of little use, however, for Select Committees to make inquiries, and for Legislatures to express their approval of the recommendations made unless the preliminary labour be followed up until a satisfactory practical result is obtained. The chairman of the committee (Mr. W. H. SUTTOR, Jun.), will do well to keep this matter in view, so that in due course the 'recommendations which have been adopted by the House may be embodied in an Act of Parliament. Upon the whole the evidence shows that the appointment of the committee was not premature, and that legis- lation to protect children of tender age, employed in manufactories, is desirable. The select committee on tho employment of children was first moved for towards the end of 1875, by Mr. SUTTOB, and it was granted without discussion, the resolution having been allowed to be taken as a foi mai motion. The committee consisted originally of Mr. STEPHEN BROWN, Mr. BURNS, Mr. CAMERON, Mr. II. C. DANGAR, Mr. FARNELL, Mr, STUART, Mr. FITZ- PATRICK, and the mover. Subsequently the name of Mr. WATSON was added, but that gentleman afterwards resigned in consequence of ill health, and Mr. JACOB was chosen in his place. The committee was authorised to make visits of inspection to, and to hold inquiries at, places in which children of tender age were employed, and they exercised pretty freely the power thus conferred on them. They appear also to have had the good sense to visit without giving special notice of their intention. This is the only way to see the state of things which ordinarily exists at such places, and not a state of things specially prepared for show. The committee was not able to finish its laboure during the session ; and in July last year it brought up a progress report, together with the evidence taken, and recom- mended that the committee should be appointed again during the following session. It was BO reappointed on the 19th December, with the addition of the name of Mr. F. B SUTTOR ; and on the 25th January last brought up its final report, which we published a short time ago, and which the Assembly adopted on Tuesday last. From the evidence taken, it is clear that in brickyards children* are employed to do work beyond their strength and under circum- stances ruinous to their constitutions, and altogether unfavourable to intellectual devel- opment. Children are sacrificed in many instances to the cupidity of their parents, A letter on this subject, by Mr. GUILLE, Church of England schoolmaster at St. Peters, is worthy of consideration: It contains the fol- lowing passages:-" I have many instances of children being removed from the infant depart- ment to go < pugging-up,' " that is, to carry heavy lumps of wet clay all day long from deep pits to the brickmakers bench. These children, Mr. GUTLLB says, would be from six to eight years old. And he adds : " My ex- perience as a teacher is that there is scarcely a trade in which there are so many illiterates as are to be found among the brickmakers of St. Peters, and I impute it to the early age at which they have to go pugging«up." An instance is mentioned of a brickmaker who had at work six boys, not one of whom could read or write intelligibly ; and the youngest of them (who was only nine years of age) said ho had been at work in a brickyard for four years. As a rule, brickyard children work from 6 in the morning till G at night, and it is a mockery to say that they can attend evening .school with advantage after labour so prolonged.1 «--* In<the boot factories, the committee found children of very tender years, who, for a few shillings per week, were being deprived of their educational birthright, and who, in two oi the establishments, were employed in rooms near to places where the most offensive pro- cesses of leather manufactory are carried on. The committee remark in their report :-" The stench arising from this branch of the business was intolerable, and in certain states of the weather must be injurious to health." It is bad enough that children should be deprived of tho advantages which usually accompany the school age, but that they should be allowed to be kept in an atmosphere such as that which has been described by the committee is monstrous. A remedy will no doubt be provided in the bill which ought to be introduced by the Government to carry into effect the recommendations of the committee. The children employed in the tweed factories noticed hythe Committee present some lament- able instances of parental heartlesaness, and the evidence fully justifies the statement of the Committee that the educational condition of the young employees is not satisfactory, and that "so long as the children perform, the day's work and hand the result of the day's labour to their parents, parental duty seems to be satisfied." Close, hot rooms are not favourable to robust physical growth any more than the employment of young children ten hours a day is favourable to their educa- tional progress. One poor little girl in VICABS' tweed factory stated that she was going on for eleven years old ; that she had been work- ing there a year and six months, from 6 till 6 ; that she would like to learn, and that formerly Bhe went to a night school, but when she went she fell asleep. Of the two tweed manufacturers examined, one appeared to be anxious to air his protectionist views, and the other waa reticent upon some points concerning which the committee might have fairly expected to have had the benefit of his opinion and of such information as he could have given. In the establishment of Mr. VICARS, boys and girls were employed in the same room, but neither he nor Mr. BIENES was able to givo much information to the committee as to the ages and circum- stances of the children employed. "We like to see manufactoties flourish, but they can be purchased at too dear a late, and we do not believe that in older to their development it is necessary to ruin the health of joung children, or to deprive them of education, or to employ them under circumstances favourable to a vicious life. Lads employed in and about coal mines appear to be upon the whole rather botter off educationally than many who aTe employed elsewhere, but then it must be remembered that among the coal-fields regulations is one which makes it illegal to employ, under giound, children below the age of thirteen. It would be better if the ago were increased. Many younger boys are employed above ground about the screens, and in îegard to their educational necessities legislation io required. Employers aie naturally glad to avail them- selves of any suitable labour, and in the absence of legislation it is not likely that they will trouble themselves specially as to the ultimate consequences of their business upon the future condition of the persons they employ. It is with them a case of so much labour for so much money. As to the natural guardians of the children, it is use- less to argue with parents who for a few shillings per week would allow their offspring to grow up in physical weakness and mental daikness. But with the State it is different. To permit children to grow up in ignorance, and with constitutions impaired by excessive labour at a time when they ought to be at school, is a cruelty to the children themselves, and an injustice to the colony, which is interested in the multiplication of the number of those who have robust strength to toil-education sufficient to enable them to toil intelligently and to be easily governed, and amenai sense which will keep them clear of the ranks of crime. We hope that next session a bill will be drafted to carry into effect substantially the recommendations of . the committee. SUPREME Cou«..-Business This Day.-Jury Court: Campbell v. Commercial Bank, part heard; Baker v. Nott, Buckley v. Hudson, aud others, Burns v. Spears. Banco Court : O'Brien and another v. Hiuimeloch. Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Court: Manning; v. Manning, to settle issues ; Smith v. Smith, to make decree nisi absolute. In Equity, before his Honor the Primary Judge, at 11 o'clock : For judgment, Burt and others v. Holmes and others. Motions and Petitions generally: Underwood nnd another v. Underwood and others, to he spoken to; ro Genornl Möltko Gold Mining Co., appenl. Master's Office, at 11 a.m.: Blaxland and others v. Burn and others, adjourned evidence ; Macalister v. M'Innes and another, adjourned plaintiff's evidence. METROPOLITA* DISTRICT COURT.-The only case for trial yesterday was Webb v. Patcrouel, nn action to recover £6 Cs. for goods sold and delivered, tho defence to which was that tho goods wero not ordered from tho plaintiff, hut from his employers, that they were badly made, and were returned. A verdict was given for defendant, for whom Mr. Heron appeared. Mr. Read appeared for plaintiff. MARINE BOARD.-Pursuant to the Navigation Act of 1871 and tho Amendment Act of 1873, the Water Polico Magistrate (Mr. Marsh) and Mr. G. Thornton. J.P., attended it the Custom House from 11 till 1 o'clock yesterday, for the revision of the listi of persons entitled to vote for the election of wardens of tho Marino Board. No alterations were made. SYDNEY INFIRMARY.-The following cases have been received for treatment at the institution in the out- door patient department :-Ellen Gallagher, for a splinter in tho hand; William Ryan, fracture of the radius. Also, tho following cases in tho accident ward :-James Struck, who was seriously hurt by falling from a roof ; James Saw- yers, injured by à fall into a ship's hold; Frederick Heli- man was brought in suffering from injuries received by falling from a ladder. LAYING A GHOST.-During the past few days a rumour was prevalent in ono part of tho city that some ghosts liad been seen in tho vicinity of tho University, and that they had taken the form of female figures in flowing robes, and disported thomselves amongst tho gloomy battlements after the " shades of evening " had closed o'er the city. Numbers of people, intermixed with a large assortment of the larri- kin element, congregated on several occasions in the vicinity of the seat of learning for tho special purpose of having a glanco at the spectral visitants, and last night they were gratified beyond their most sanguine expectations. Sub inspector Rush recoived information of their desire, and sent senior-sergeant M'Kay and several able-bodied constables to give them satisfaction. They found a motley crowd assembled, nnd also saw a figuro marching up tho University avenue dressed in a petticoat and covered with a sheet. Tho constables imme- diately gave chase, but this ghost was too nimble for them. It dropped its cerements, vaulted over tho palings, and ran across tho shrubbery, where it disappeared among the people and was seen no moro. The sheet and petticoat wore cap- tured, however, and boro evidence of having been used by some person or persons with little regard for clean- liness. It is to bo regretted that the polico were not suffi- ciently cautious and nimble to catch the delinquent whose want of brains appears to havo been compensated for by flccmess of foot. THE CABLE-LAYING SHIP AGNES.—-We leam that the Eastern Extension Australasia and China Telegraph Company's cable ship, the Agnes, maybe expected"here about the 20th of March. Mr. Gregor Taylor started yesterday morning early for Melbourne, cn route to Wel- lington, New Zealand, to completo tho work which has dotained the ship there sinco November, viz., tho laying of tho second Cook's Straits cable. If thero should'bo line weather in these Straits after the 6th March, it is expected that the twork will bo finished by the 10th, and that the ship will bo in Sydney bv the 20th. - PADDINGTON OMNIBUS TRAFT.-We are informed that sinco the complaint which appeared in tho Herald last week in reference to the Paddington omnibuses, two addi- tional vehicles have been placed on the line, to run from St. Matthias' in tho morning to supplement tho in traffic. Two moro vehicles have also been put on to run to Pad- dington from tho city between 4.30 p.m. and 7 p.m. Next week, in all probability, an omnibus will ply on tho Glen- more Road, to assist the traffic from Paddington, and the omnibuses running to Park Road now proceed as far as Regent-street, Paddington. \- CHOKE-BORE GUNS.-An impression has been abroad that guns bored on this principio are an American invention from the fact that Captain Bogardus, the champion wing shot of the United States, was tho first to bring it pro- minently before English sportsmen. The gun ho shot his matches with was not a "yankee shooting-iron," but one supplied to him a year before by Messrs. W. and C. Scott and Sons, of Birmingham and London, and ho gavo thom public credit for supplying him with tho best gun ho evor shotwitli. LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. - BOURSE-STREET AUXILIARY.-The annual tea and public meeting of this Auxiliary was held on Wednesday ovening last, the 2_lst instant. Tho upper room was well filled at the toa, to which tho missionaries, tho captains, and officers of the _ Mission ships, John Williams and Ellangowan, wero invited, and also the nativo teachers, now on their way from Now Guinea to their own native Islands. The annual meeting was held in tho church, presided over bv the pastor, tho Rev. Thomas Johnson. The Revs. Mr. Murrav, J. Ella, Dr. Turner, Wyatt, GUI, and J. P. Sunderland "each addressed the meet- ing, and Captain Turpio followed by appropriate observa- tions. The treasurer, Mr. Salier, showed that tho financial operations for 1876 had been unusually successful, showing a balauco of about £83 in hand, which, supplemented by £17 contributed by tho Ladies' Missionar}' Association,, amounted to about £100, including £21 as a gift offering towards defraying tho cost of the mission vessels. TIN ORE.-The following is a return of tin ore for- warded from Muirurundi railway station during the week ended February 24, 1877 :-XT, 3 tons 6 cwt. 1 qr. ; Tingha, G tons ¿> cwt. 2 qrs. 20 lbs. ; Britannia No. 2, 3 tons 2 cwt, 2 qr* 20 lbs. ; PS over E, 25 tons 6 cwt. 2 qrs. 2 lbs. ; Swinton, 9 tons lo cwt. I qr. 4 lbs. ; H&G;, G tons 8 cwt. 3 qrs. ; BBS, 8 cwt. 3 qrs ; IM in diamond, ö tons 2 cwt. ; M, 2 tons 7 cwt. 1 qr. 8 lbs ; H&G; over Tinga, 3 tons 14 cwt. 3 qrs. ; HG, 2 tons l8 cwt. Total, 68 tons 13 cwt. 3 qrs. 2G lbs. HOMESTEAD SETTLEMENT AND GRAZIKO.-" Capri cornus " has «»published, in a pamphlet, his papéis, which were published in the Herald of November and December last, on "Homestead Settlement," and "Grazing, Past and Future." Tho pamphlet contains 46 pages, neatly printed. It is published by Messrs. Turner and Hen- derson. BALMAIN.-The members of the Mechanics' Insti- tute-essentially a working man's society-arc making praiseworthy efforts to put up a new building, and to-night a concert is to be given in. the Balmain School of Arts to augment tho funds. Thero aro somo attractive items, and the cause should recommend itself to all residents of Bal- , main who feel an interest in the welfare of the working classes. TOTAL ECLIPSE OP THE MOON.-Mr John T"i,v.... of Windsor has supplied us with ttafcUoÄjÄ! respecting the fortficoniing eclipso :-A huAft moon occurs in the morning of tho 28th ins ant- rll following: aro tho principal phases of the phenomenonin Sydney mean timo :~First contact with itio alT, 3b . 32-lm. a.m. ; Gb. 8-lm. a.m. ; last eonfact with^l^'shadpwlli Mm' a.m. At Sydney the moon will set about thirteen minutes 31;4n>. nu, ; bogiiiniiig of total-phase, 4h. 32- m "m . middle of the eclipso &,. 20-lm.n.m.; end of totaTptaV before the end of the total phase, but the whole ccbCwiîî be visible in the western parts of Australia. At london i. UV, ^enomenon admit of necurato observation' wo should tims have nu opportunity for immediately deter mining the difference of longitude betweeu thetwocitic, According to the Chaldean Snros, this is a return of fht eclipse which occurred on the 17th February, 1859. HonTICULTUKAL SOOIETY'S EXHIUITION .- Thi> twenty-ninth public cxliibition in connection "with tho Horticultural Society of Now South will be opened m the exhibits mo to bo displayed was in course of erection It is fully expected that in point ol' quality the present exhibition will bo equal, if not even superior, to any of its predecessors. The forco of the exhibition, juiiem? from the entries, will be in flowering and variegated plants. And thoiovvill nlso be a good display of cut flowers- but the drynesi of the season will prevent this part of the show from being1 anything Uko what it would otherwise have b.'Mi; or like what both the inhibitors and the corn . mutee of tho society would hnvo wished There will bo a capital assortment of fruit; and some of tho exhibits to be displayed iu this department will be shown bv residents of Goulburn mid tho neighbourhood. The com modious marquee will be quite full with its various botan iwil treasures. Tho visitors to tho Exhibition, bv the wav it may be mentioned, will have an opportunity of lookin«- at the Botanic Gaulons mid the Outer'Domain, "both of'wbich aro in «mi order. Tho captain and ofHccrs of the German war-steuuier have been invited by tho committee of the society to bo present. LINNEAN SOCIETY OF NEW Sorrit "WALES.-The or. dinary monthlymeetingof this society wns hcldlastevcnin" at the Free Public Library. Mr. W. "J. Stephens, M.A. (flu president), occupied tho ohair. The secretary (Mr. T Stackhouso) road the minutes of the las! meeting, wíiiri. vvero confirmed. Tho following donations to the socich were laid on the table :-" Proceedings of the Entomo- logical Society of Belg.'um, No. 31, 1S7C;" "Papers «nJ Proceedings of tho Boynl Sociotv of Tasmania for 1S7C." Mr. Brazier road a cott!rnation of his paper on the Mollusca collected dnrius- the Chovcrt expedition. He read also a p. per on th*-ee n species of Mollusca (two of Helix ami oin- of Auricula from Australia and New Guinea, specimens of which were exhibited. Mr. Ramsay read a paper on a now species of parrot, allied to our rosella«' procuiod from some part of tho interior of Australia. His attention was directed to it some two years ago by Ùr. George Masters, niter whom it is named. Ho also ¡ead a paper on a new tree frog, from New Ireland, fioin the col- lection of the Rev. Mr. Brown. Auothcr paper by this gentleman was on a new species of PcloJms from" Now Zealand. Votes of thanks were cordially n'wnrded to Mr. Brazier and to Mr. Ramsay for their contributions to zoolo- gical science. Mr. Masters exhibited the skull of an aboriginal female, from Bigga, remarkable for an aperture between the parietal boues. Dr. West exhibited a specimen of a sponge-bearing crab, of the genus Main. A vote of thanks closed thc.proeccnings. HAMLET'S HAIII.-"We continue to receive numbers of letters on tho subject of Hamlet's bair and "suit of sables." The subject, however, has been sufficiently ventilated, and scarcely merits further space. Mr. Buchanan writes again to show that ho has not " beaten about tho bush" or "shifted ground." The unpublished corres-1 pondenco does not tfvrow any new light on the subject. Qt'p.Ey ELIZABETH.-At the Now Temperance Hall, last night, the Rev. J. Ollcy delivered his popular historical lecturo on the lending features in the life and times of Queen Elizabeth, inking up the thread of historv.on the 17th No- vember, 165S, when tho knoll of the departed Mary Tudot told also of the death of papal supremacy in England, never moro to bo recovered, and tho occidental star of Elizabeth arose to dissipate the clouds of tho political ns well as the religious horizon of England. She was the daughter of Henry VIII. mid of Anne Boleyn, and wns bom in 1533 at the favourite palace of tho king at Greenwich ; and tho vicissitudes of her childhood, the perils which beset her during the reign of her sister, have invested her nama with extraordinary interest, while the great events of her reifrn have surrounded its history with a.- glory which entitles hor to .bo considered the most, illustrious of England's departed monarch«. The lecturer then proceeded graphically and eloquently to review tho events of her reign, the "plottmgs at home and abroad against her throne and person, the relations between Elisabeth and Mary Queen of Scots, tho destruction of tho Spanish Armada, ice. ; and showed the connection between tho troublous times of hen reign and the quiet and the civil and religious liberty enjoyed at the present day by tho subjects of the British Crown. Mr. J. Pomeroy occupied the chair, and, at the closo of the lecture, proposed a vote of thanks to tho Rev. J. Olley for his very eloquent and instinctive address, which was carried by acclamation, and tho audience was dismissed. LECTUHE ON* THE IIUOUEXOTS,-Last nightthe'Rer. E. Symonds, B.A., delivered to a largo and appreciative audience in St. Stephen's schoolroom, off Newtown Road, a lecture on tho Huguenots. The proceeds wore to bo devoted to the funds of tho Sunday-sch'ool connected with St. Stephen's Church. Tho chair was taken by Mr. "William Crane, who, after a few appropriate in- troductory observations, called upon the rev. lec- turer, who spoko of the important lessons to bo derived from tho history of the Huguenots; leading him to choose that history ns the subject of his lecture. He stated to his audience that his lecture was based on tho work on the Huguenots written by Samuel Soulos, tho author of "Self Help." An interesting sketch was then given of tho effects of the introduction of printing, and consequent dissemination of tho Holy Scriptures on the religious thought of Europe, and the effort which was made to prevent their spread among the people, and to repress reformed opinions' among the people. As of an early representative Huguenot, the Rev. Mr. Symonds narrated tho biography of Bernard PnEssy, tho potter, together with tho effects of his aud the teaching of others, winch, notwithstanding persecution, resulted in the spread of the Gospelrin France. The religious condition of Franecmight have beendifferent, thought¡¡Mr. Symonds, if at this period that country had only lind either a wyckliffe, a Luther, or John Knox. The'various earlier persecutions to which the Huguenots were exposed in Flanders and in France, tho flight of many into Holland and England, with tho effect of their immigration ia the industries of these countries: ,tho massacre of St. Bartholomew's Day : the passing of tho edict of Nantes in 1598, securing (legally) to tho Huguenots the free exercise of their religious tenets ; the revocation of the edict in 1685, and the consequent sufferings of the=e devoted people, were successively described. The rev. lecturer then dwelt at greater length, as befitting its impor- tance, on tho influences on the arts, sciences, and literature in England, exerted bv the Huguenots who tied from France after the passing of the revocation of the edict of Nantes : and their illustrious descendants, somo of whose biographies were succinctly cited. In conclusion, the rev. gentleman referred "to tho loss which France sustained tlirough tho crushing of Protestantism in that country;, to the after troubles of France, having their culmination in tho horrors of tho first French revolution ; and to tho dangen felly, and un-Christian character of persecution. A cordial votó of thanks was awarded to the rev. lecturer at tho closo oí hi* remnrks. ST. MAKK'S BELL RixoEits.-On Thursday even- ing last, tho 22nd instant, tho members of St. Mnrks Tower and Hand-Bell Societies met at M'Inerney'fl Hotel, Rushcutter Bav, for the purpose of entertaining their tate conductor, Mr." William T. Wood, prior to his leaving tho district. Mr. T. Ridley occupied the chair. After ampio justice had boen done to the good tilings provided, and tho usual and lovnl toasts disposed of, .tue chairman, on behalf of the members bnetiy expressed the general feeling of regard for tuçir guest, referring to tho valuable services rendered of him to both societies for many years past, his earnestae« m endeavouring to advance tho members in the art ot cou ringing, and as a mark of esteem presented him with seve- ral volumes of Ainsworth's works, each bearing ft suitablo inscription. Mr. Wood, in a few and very reeling remarks responded, thanking those present for then- wna expression of goodwill, suitably acknowledging the gut. and concluding with n desire to see both societies continue io flourish for the future as when under his supervision. Several other toasts being drunk with tho usual honours nnd duly responded to, the company indulged in a few bongs recitations, Sec, nnd a very pleasant and social ni« was brought to a close at a seasonable hour, with a verae ox the national anthem. MEssns. GIBBS, SHALLAI«), AND CO'S Ficsic.-ít*' annual picnic in connection with the printing establisümern of Messrs. Gibbs, Shallard, and Co., of Pitt- srreet, took place on Saturday, tho 24th instant. The weather w* rather inauspicious in the early portion of the day. Dm, notwithstanding this drawback, moro than 100 persons, including theWds of tho ürm, the employees, and some friends, proceeded to Clontarf, Middle Harbour, bj,"» steamer Quondong, which had been specially en^o« T convey them there and back. Arrived at tho scene of tua day's festivities, enjoyment commenced in earnest, awrwa-, kent up with spirit tilf the shades of evening gm. «« that the timo for returning homewards could ne lon^ci, delayed. The dinner was provided by Campagnoni, ana ample justice was done to it-tho toasts usual orsuchoc» sions having been duly honoured. Dancing wa« the prin cipal source of amuzement, and took place ia? T0 "fe pavilion, while cricket, fishing, &c;, also bad their votaries. Altogether an enjoyable day was spent. x THE QUEENSLAND Mnmrav-The Brisbane CowUr of Saturday states that « ruinours haye been «»entW some days past of dissensions in the Cabinet,, and >«««"«£ H vas stó, on what would seem tota«taMe«gon& that Mr. Stewart had resigned, and that it. was F°UB d that Mr. Douglas would exchange the-portfolioot wmu» to thrt of Colonial Secretary Who is Hkek,mBucb event, to succeed. Mr. Douglas ia the ianda Offlwwe *ow» beard..» ' '' . » PHA\ER FOR THF E-PRFSS OF INDIA - A natue .1 j-lim sent for publication the following tbanki .'^leroacrcdto God b> a hiothet ot (lie Madias fi^Sïnùcnwl Association on Mnndiu, the 1st Tammi \ 1» it * minted \ ibitiin - Ou the etlcbi.itIon of the ''"..rhffli of tho title of Pinpie-s ot Indu lj ha moil | <*W» Queen \ictom -Cid Alim lill ' who is ffCnie Creator mid .uhr of tin > .st mid ii.i.-i.i'kont . ': f-Luifinitc m M. dom «MI 1" tia, go illness and S-immmen' in milln, ni hold nie and qui kein,, - all ^Lmcmcnts and n.ti itiilh di pensile v>\ mci liles nigs I fl His clnldien In tho e\cn iso of Hu m ci i t .hie mern kudos! consMuth pom on ti. intiuift ood, \ itliout ir mm ' !oSmM"0i e i teluro-i thanks ni iel um um he ut, 1 mil ami «oui and langmve, me not suilinaith fSc of com «i«l oin finnis to theo, vho ait the m £%» Oui deep mid ienent fcclni-s do not peínut us to lim horn 11 nm. ,n fllC0 "' flom "imikinjr thoo Tntrc linr of tho Imp-nil nssi niblugo at Delhi m I-mir oí the installation ot ti o 'title of Empirss of India' Tcr Mnie-,U Oui lient is tiuis-xilcd Milli t\ iieioi uJicuwewitncstbe grind btlittinar corcinonii rftioiíurbnr, under the auspices ol the Collet toi, Mi A\ \ \\\Tiitesiilc a« an emblem ot th« n" umption oi tin title Iro-bebul so\eiu"'ii O Lill, we tin faithful ¡ml El natue subjects ot hoi Mip l\ oliet up mu pi net-. Ii hunks nmg in onelmimom m thorns foi tin mistic n { "jujirfhc Bntish nation to India 1 i lee ne nil those "" blessing which thej ne de untd bj line ¡ confer on limnv inilliois of human bom M 0 Imln ^° thanlfulh ncl noulciVo the hi-h f__uluable benefits of oui pitemnl Brid h Government _i nlv owing to )t">cneiPT, cnteipnse, mid tin c\oi lions ni ¿ir i»n of oui bo'>ud Queen mulei win cení J lum li ist dicod'n stupciiUls- till t (1 mini,'of eui gioit r-ounln OMistorof tiiciinuei t vouchsifc ten e\ei toou"!ici us «jvfrci " "^" 1 lion eiow-nthe 1 npu s of India with tjuidliealtli 'tien-th 1m eut\ pro pi uti and all sue es ."life Bo llioumtr lc'oml Que n i ihiold mid buri lei |°¡l He her Mflcslt with tin 13u i li Melon us fla"' mf-ledonthesjilof Indi i ft i o\ei imdevei Pioin the ¡inl0cfdoi>tln ot o*i hi nts mai pi use ml thnnl "mil,' rrfunto i¿> hoh mil den nntne noi and for tier " STATE OF THF COUNTRY AND STOCK ON THE UPPER BOGAN. The alai tnm¿ state of nffurson the Upper Bop: m ulta fuliv detuled hi it ouespoudout of the roi ¡II S J ni -The count n foi »he most part is tin and bau of l-d nnd of eonscHionce, the stick are not niathinuv «édition About Coridgen, Messis Palmci s he-id ution milnt n few of the out stations, ns Mt \ atei is m | f,r supph, out the intenso heat and vagi mt itock ato i 1 Juc on tho mer holts VII our this um io-xl is \cn ciiix bevoriUbtks have been iehe\ ed of shephe-d and de nnd are ¡elnutted to run at lur^e with evident nthuii (jj Screntl thousimls uro on the huge plnm norn the bip rid will soon baie it ash no as nbonel Simp of the i-cpof tins run aro travellini', but it is thought better that it bulk should stn at hone At Connulpie, Mossn ¿mlmcind Ilaiwoods, ther is (ino gi ass in the hone p_do.li but outside ns much as ion might expect to find liinictilit- roid Tliereis a mail ed diilciento beti cen I oif'idennd tho inside of the fence In tin mci theio Litolcmble'jppH of wittel, but to some of the out sta- tins that commodin is being carted Se\eial \ ceks ¡otraenin fell on this run, hence it has boen m i som - tit letter state than others At Bulganduiniup Mi 0¡itinuri theieisa good lot of watci in the mci sonu dis- tune nkae the hotel but at the head station the hole is rev shallow Some of the stock look middini- but i cid j KIM «o»circo tint thti must baie hard work to mike a living. At Mimgery, Messrs Strahorn's, the piopnetors I ionotseem tobo in piiticulnrauvieh oi distre s, though j furn me purpo es tht> will \en «oon hive to eirt water itemile« Bid fiom themer theie is «onie iced, nndon li»tun «onie miles down the mer from tho henel st ition tteoi3H finodnm, with an adminble supph cf watei \\.t MtnuaUen, Mr Phillips's the% are in c\tiemeditliculties kmnt of fee lind watti , just upon dned and sfnncd ut îif stock nieKinjiemoied A small hole with rnpidh ipartingwitcrrepiesents the Bo^an foi mnni miles At Ätlot», Mi ¿llinour's, and Algala, Mr Hains', ¿e sime mm be r^minl ed. At Derribong, Mr Kerr's there is water for about two months, and ir;feed not plentiful, back on the run and the stiel [attie) eudenth fool the ill effects of then long ti imp to ntcr. At Dandaloo there is a fine lot of water in the dam , but the holes in the river are so many mud traps, and cattle are pulled out daily or, if they cannot be got out killed to prevent protracted suffering. At the police station here they have had to turn their horses out to take their chance, in that the officers are powerless to render service at any distance. It seems that the tenders for supply of forage for the police horses at Dandaloo, were thought so high that the government rejected them. Did the Government expect to pet feed at Dandaloo at Sydney or Bathurst, or Orange or Molong prices? If they did, their ignorance is as striking is their knowledge ought to be. At East Tabratong, Smith snd Russom's matters are queer. Several thousand sheep jtemnning in a fivc-nulo ptddock, wheie the plains aio »pitenth mnocent of herbige M%all branehos ate bemg cit down to supph teed* 'lhere H good witer here for the time, because there is n ¿ira At Lower West Tabratong, Mi Peiks', evils ntl cloie at bund Starvation and bogging will do their nsanlwcrk At Bnrdendii, Mi Hunt's, i\ ntei is scarce for the sheep but snlt-bush is plentiful, so that the stock do not looiv so bud For the house thcie is a good w eil, about 20 ntds from tho river bank, whWi iUi sunk «onie months «¿o, and water good m qinht\ and nbuiiunnt, struck nt 22 feet At Tarranyem, Mr Lee's jjio^t of the stockweio disposed of 'onie tune ago, aud thotenie onh about 300 on tho run so tint thero is not much ernie for alum Porn iroughn tune feed and witer are ui fan supph Unless min in ¡argo quantities should fall within n few w eeks, von little stool will be nine on tile Tjfpei Bogan "Nithm rowrg npuhirns tlcdiv weither lasts the death rato is idinncmg And when the rain does come main of the nakoneiwillbe^ctims, ns thoj will bog nnvwnero, or L i0nn t0 ni0 no m01e ^^o wntert ourse culled the Bogan Ruer is now drv for miles As thero are manj now ians,perhaps when thor nre all hlled the mer will not get B_y ngam, as the w iter will be kept back for miles At í «nt thih¿s aro m a VOIT bid state, and groit losses must He however early run nm\ come TUE EFFECT or GWINASTIC TIUTNING ON TAT MEN - "Tat men. not less than weak men mnv profit bv Riding ' (savsth" $viila>y Itccoxt) "tho lesults of an mgunbvDr Biucq on the phvsical results of the gym- naste trvmuig of adults Dr ßurcq's mv estigntions wero mide at the Military School of Gvmncsties, 'S mccnuos Ho weighed n cortnm number of the mon who had to go through these cxircises, mensured tho< cnpacirv of their lest and bv means of a dynamometer gauged their mus ulnr strength fliese observations weie taken before and liter tho series of e\eicises which tho men had to go through for a certniu period, and tho following were the tsuhS of observations on one thousand men at the end of sit months Tho muscular strength wns increased bv 23 «3d even 38 per cent tho eapasirv of the chest was enlai ¿ed it least bv ojo-sixth, and the weight ot tho men was indented bv li per cent It mnv bo observed that the Wight of the subject was lucreased nt the e\penso of tho kalk rather a dcsirablo result for fat individuals, who ought to feel encouraged to adopt such simple meins to got nd of their superfluous fat by converting it into foice " THE BOEDEII TRADE BETWEEN SOITH AISTRALIV K\D'\ iCTOitu-In older to nscertam the present state of tloborder trade between "\ letona mid South Austialiu, and uncir of the recent opening of tho new luio of railwnj fromNnrmeoorte to Kmgston, Mr Ivlcr, assistant com »onerof Customs ioi A letona (sus tho Aigas) recenth »ftMr Louis, Collector of Customs for South Australia at ¡Wrneoorte, to inquire into the whole mittci of tho border Customs duties After inquirv m the v ltmitv of tho boi-dci, fflilcarefulcousidention ot tho statistics submitted to them, thbe gentlemen have -irnve I at the conclusion that the »renee m the trndo of tho two colonies crossing tho Mcrdoes not amount to moro than £100 per annum, and tua opinion thev have embodied in a reuort to then «sportive Governments It is quito possible that thcio is a I tile íimi£rrlin.r going on, but it is veiv «-mall, and scaicelv with considering It is, bowovei, impossible to foresto .t present what will br> HIP olfect of the opening wthenewlmcof railwav fiom jSairacooite to Kingston on T bonier trade, but ns a nnttcr of fict dilling tho present rason there has been a considerable amount ot wool sont to ¿Mrneoortc for shipment at kingston which lins hithoifo «en som to Portland for shipment Stnngo to sty, bow- ker, those who hrv o sent thin wool to Kingston foi ship- ment have still obtained their stoic- norn Poiflimd, but the Mvwavin whuh the wool trade can still be letiinpd bv tMt port is bv the rapid completion of the Victorian rail- wy to the South Australian border Whilo the store topen in the Wimniero ilistuet neil tno border complain itot the residents about thom got most of then stoics from {woerlownmSouth Atstralm, tho stoickcepeis m tho »h portion of that colony compl un that the icsidcnts near liem get their Btores fiom Cast ci ton and tho adjacent town TP3 If this bo tho case, it will bo seen tint the one «lances tho other 'THE CONDITION or THE AnomoiNFs- -The Bench at gfflnaalo (SAV s tho Expi i ti) hav o rccciv ed the circulai fiom «eselectcoimnitteo oi tho Legislative Assemblv now m Pnng into the condition of the iboiigmal inhabitants of "»colonv The moro important answeis as to thenbou Pnesunlntdistiictnio ns follows -Probable number m amnct, 100, tho number had diminished ono-half during Tpast ten velts, decrease attributed to the frequcnev ot Pjumonarv complaints and drunkennc s, condition inisci ?W,froiuawhitt s point of view , thev aio novel i of used «apitoltreatment thehnlf-castcs nsaiulc, lue v ith the ¡r'Pn«, theic is no disposition on tho pirt of the whito «wunngpopulationtoauiilgainate with the obongmos so ,".0,,.orm families the nboiigmes m tho distnct ni o in '"Tv relationship with the settlers, no destinotion of ir,i « aa3^cen occasioned bv th" nboiigmcs thev nip «aaiy towards each other in tho distnct, intanticido is T|oown amongst thom, the opinion entcitamed of thon muMiuness is vu-y low do not think theu evideucc Justa attm 0f fuct could bo lehed u»ou m Coults of ^«rnEsmuLNo -Mr Alfred Lee, of Brunwick i *'>*«¿rov (sajs the Ai gus) has for some time past «a experimenting with butchois' meit, with a Mew to its ¿ff,etTutl0n ra a better condition t,han is attained bv means, Ji,fP.ro«ssesgenerallv musc A samplo of tho result iiZ«? i, nsbconshowntous It wa o2-lb tmofbeot, i ni*? 'ttTld lts c0,"e»t1> Pi ov ed to be pei fcetlv f i csh nnd tsà!.'?"' nni1 ttl,t0 "">,nclt "as ñtm ntl(1 compact, | thn (, v ° S'ICP''tkc newl> -"'«de cheese There w as in Al*,,0Htanouuccofhquid grnw.but neither tnt noi honnfrt nvorluavnotbo cousidoieda rccommenda- | dnSS proec,,s Mr Lee's operations have beencon tir»«;5uilinvat0 house 1Ä'lth tm3 simplest and most primi Eooircs U9' mth Wlucl1' ncTrtlleles3 ko has produced PROPOSED DEMONSTRATIONEN- THE OPENIVO OF THE" RAILWAY TOrORANQF-A'crowded mooting ot a "very enthusiastic ohniattoi, convened bv the Ma} or on requisi- tion, was held in the Court-house, dango on "V\ odnesdav evening, to mai c an ingomciits loi tho pioj o*el cloirirmstia tifiu ou the appioK lung opunn- ( 1 the lnilwnv to th it place Tit solution were earned necessary to the pioposcd demon- stran jn but in tin cmiise of theptocceJin s a question wnsmtiodiictd bv a »Ii Kenna that to somec\tent thtow a dnkshidow o\ei the previous blight picture Iii sud that in the tout so of û\o ci si \ weeks the i ulwai woiks woiilil he completed, an 1 in less than two month i 700 or MO mon "would be thrown out of empl Miieut, as the\ weio bem" disclitngctl now at the rite ot 50 ot 00 pci dm 1 his would ht n gleit enlmmlv, espeeuilh in the present unfa v our iblt stnson, lor thcie was no employment, and the men had now heit togo ii show they wero not selfish thev ou^ht to urt,e the opening of the rmlwnv MU Ironbarks US speetlih ns pussib'i He ntver siw so nianv idle men about during twenty Mais I ho suburbs of Oiangc re- minded linn of tho c unis town settlement in the eaih davs Government bullit'ed bidh bv ileliving the woiks, mid iiom the win lhe\ were Roinj" on he dil not soo un pios peet ioi the nc\t oij Lt oi lime months mid it it was decided to cn i \ the line to Molong it wcnld take tw eh cor i içhleen months lon_ei to get the Une m (ho s« ne state ti o Ii oui inks hue w is now in In ii hilts had been Mini as fin nsShtphe d's Gieek, mid ho tlvui|.lit tr dels ought tobe eil' eliot that extension-ii jt (onsitl ung tho bondit of the town of Or "in c, but the woil ing intu Bcfoie the lmo | was i omplctcd to Bathurst tendeu wer called for tho c\ ttusion to Oi n_,e, but for some reason or other a diffeient 7>1 in lind boc i ntlopted m the extension fiom Orange, nil all th"se men would bl thiown out cf cmplenilirnt I Mi Lutledgo seconded Mr Kcnnn's piopositnn Iho I s nut thing had struck lum foi sonic tiuw past, mid ho did I not t msulii tht question bid be n minted u moment to> s m, and it was will to tilt advantage of the enthusiasm of the pit cut mee mg, not onh »sa matttr of phil mihi op\, bat is touching then pockets Ihtv lould mit sti them stn vi und thus thev would be iffe t«i He would liki to sie i petition lai-clv signet and piescnted lo Government t> lune tuidcis talltd foi withtut dell) 1 ortitnatclv fn them Pnilinment was sitting, so there could bo no e\cuse foi I dehn, md it Government hid luipi ned the recess thev ought to be leith to do so at once iiudnot lot men w mulei about in i hilt- sttivmg condition Sonn dissent w is oxpiessodb\ vinous speal eis at the ubovo reniai ks mid it w is thought the tune vins moppoitunc foi mtio luting tho stibjt t, ns tho meeting hld been called for a pirt.culir ohio How TO Tnvi> KvxoVROOS-The ravages of tie iiiatsiipials on stations duimgthe du weither olton causo e,ielt loss to the owners, piitieilmh m scisons of greit tltynoss mid consequent scnrcilv of griss A simpto and effectual methol ot trapping them has (sivs the Wagqa Tip) d') been earned out with gre it success bv Nlr i Helftrnan of Sebisfopol A pit of 8 feet square In 0 feet deep is dug bv the side of a fence, the front and two sides ot tho pit being enclosed b\ logs, Mindi mo covered with binsh to the height of 2 feet G inches Bovond the pit mo extendcs.1 wires to the height of 7 feet A wing sttetches fiom the pit for a distance of about Ö0J jurds, the other wing bing foimed bj the fenct nbovc lefcried ti 'Hie kmgaioos aie dinon between the wings and I lntuiilh take the low fence, and bein; unable I ti see tho v nes bevond, thev fancy thev have thus I tscaueJ Those who eludo the pit oie brought up bv the | wire andin this manner full an easv piev to then puisueis j As min be reidilv conceived, the expense is hilling, the pit liavmg boen sunk nnd wings oiccted at veiv small cost As nu indication of the elnciencv ot the scheme, it mav be stated that on Sftturdny last Mi Hcilcmin, with ten moimtcd men, drove sixty sex kangiroos into the sniuo tins being clio first attempt Tluv woreuuussisled bv dogs, ' nnd we heir that Since no fewer than 3-3 h ive been des j Itovcd bv the same mean* then being no ,'icater difficultv in securing the last lot ti in the first Supposing kangaroo skins tube w oi th Is 6d eich, tho process might be made I doubly piof table-m the first instunce ridding a run of a . von serious post and m the second ninhiu.cn profit out of I t^hc annuals It would be worth the vhilc of anv squatter who is troubled with kingaroos to try this plan, instead of the ordinary method of trapping TltUTE ClIILDUEN ^LPPOSETl TO HFDROVVSED-New« lins been n "en ed ni Vdilnide(sivstlie 7? yuin) of imclin choh tillan which is loported Jo hnve happe uti noir 1 Cillmgton, on Saturdnv list Three children ngclre I spectnelv one, nine, mid eleven veirs, named Buirow-, i weio lost at Dnshwood's, near "su import mid it is supposed I that thev hav e all been di owned as the body of the v oungcst 1 was found washed ashore, and the clothes of the others had been discovered close by i GROSS OUTRA.O_-An unusual outrage his been 1 perpetrated at Muswellbrook (the Ti wes relates) ia tho wilful tlesti notion of the tomb of Mr George Blunt flic matter is surrounded with some mvsten, and n reward of £100 being £50 offered by the Government, and £ JO from private sources-has been offered for the appiehension of the guiltv peí »on or persons A SNAKE'S NEST -_ correspondent of the Bathurst Fire Piess, writing from O'connell, under dato 22nd mslant, informs us that two little bov s, named Noweomo and Hair) Walker, amuse I themselves by digging up a snake's nest, and succeeded in killing fiftv jouug snakes, nearlj a loot long of different colours, some black, «omp brown, yellow, and stuped The) also counted fiftv -three eggs, several of which tho bov s broke, and "\ oung» snakes caine out They did not see the old snakes while at their amusement of despoiluig the neat, and were not disturbed ACCIDENT FROM THE Fat. OP A VERANDAH -During tht storm which passed over Bathurst on Thur daj evening (says tho Fire Pieii), a Mrs M'Alister, who lives in Durham-sticet, had a narrow escape from a violent death She was washing beneath a veiandnh nt the rear of the house, and wInk so engaged the whole veiandnh without warning tell, knocking her down, and completely birrung her Two of Mrs M'Ah ter's daughtets, vi ho v ere in tho house at the time, hearing tho noise, ran out, and, seeing the state of affairs, munediatelv set to woik to cxtncato their mother After using great excitions thev succeeded in accom- plishing their object, and to their surpiise found that thou mother was alive Tho vornan sutteied verv much fiom the shock and bruises, but, marvellous to relate, not a bono had been broken How Mis M'Alister escaped death is a mv sterv, for tho verandah was v or) heav v, and fell hoddy upou bei A NOVELTY IN PF-EsTRiiNisvr-_ footrace of a somewhat novel character (savs the jrallatoo Tone*) took plnce at Green's Plains, on iVbruaiv IG, between Messrs Charlton, i\tn , and T Nugent I he distanco n_edupon was 100 vards, Mr Nugent to carry a saddlo and the heaviestman in that locality, and to havo fiftv ynrds start Mr "W 'S Brown, being possessed of the greatest quantity of " adipose tissue," was selected for tho jockey, and tho race dulv carne oil, resulting m a victor) for tile weight carrier bv one v ard EXHIBITION AT NOUVIEA, NEW CALEDONIA -On the 1st of May nc\t, nt Noumea, New Caledonia, nn exhibition of the industiial p-oducts of thocolonv will be opened A similar e\hibiti m was held nt the capital of the colony on the 16th nnd 17th of Mai cb last Both have beenundei the auspices of the Comité Central dol'Ex-posi tionPcnnancnt i Noumea 1 ho object of the eiJiibition is notonlv to gather together tho moro interest mg articles of nit and luxurv, but also to makoasort of industrial exhibition ot all useful objects of even dcscnptior S imples of ev cn the lesser indigenous products will bo recen ed v\ lth fav our bv the committee iho Worntt ur <lt la 2soinc!l" Cil dome of the 14th mutant, in speikmg of tho JSPW Caledomm Exhibition, savs that it ought not to be foi got ten that it wdl bo ns a point of departure for tho great TJmvcisal Exposition to be held m Pans m lb/b and that to it w ill be sent all the objects provinuslv cxlnbitid in the capital of the colonv which shall bo judged worthv bv the juiv Iho committee stato thnt thov count on tin /eil .mid the good-will of the I\PV-Cale- donian oxlnbitoi s that the colonv w ill be repi osent ed m a manner at once ns complete mid as hi llluint as possible In- tending oxhibitois tor Notimei ato mfoimed that thev must make known, bcfoio tho 1st of Apnl next, tho numbers and desciiption of mnnuils and objects destined for tho Exhibi- tion, so that spice um be Kseived foi them AU dommds for admission received nftoi this date v ill bo consideicd as non-ontiics, and ncconmiodnti >n will not bo given them "N hile thev will not bo responsible tor damage, sickness or cisitilrv to pxlubits thev will toko most ngoions mensures foi tho protection and sufetv of the propetty entt usted to thom A SiNCtr vu Menura CVSF IN TVSVIVMA-At the Ilobait lown Ciiminal Sessions1 (tho Mt)not/ reports), Michael Bal ov wns chaiged with having VMHUIIV murdered one Ihomas Lvncli, m tho distnct of 1 ranklin, on the 9th Tnuiiniv last Hie ficts pi-ovod in evidence wcro briefly th it B i ov, being jealous ot ono Denis O'Reillv's mtimncy w ith his w i fe pluied a bottle of mm containing n quantitv of stnelinme m O'Reillv s garden O'Reillv happened to bo n tcetotilci, and give the min to the deceased man, who happened to bo pissing, on 9th Januarv Lvnih duuk ncailv half the contents of tho bottle, and died m tetanic convulsions an hour or two aftei wards Iho «-evoral steps m the mimo were clcarlv traced home to the prisoner, and, notwithstanding nn nblo dofr- nee, the jurv, afterashoit rctneincut, brought in a veidict of guiltv,vuth a recom mondation to IIIOKV on the giound ot the provocation received fiom O Rcillv His Honor passed sentenco of death in tho Ubual loi m DEATH OF ABORIGINAL -There is nothing either sensational or out of the common in the death of an abori- ginal woman, recorded in the Bombala Times of Saturday, but it is always we think desirable to notice and recognise charitable acts towards the ''children of the forest," now that they are fast becoming extinct on the eastern or New South Wales portion of the Australian coast. The old woman whose death is mentioned by the above journal was a well-known character, the aboriginal Betsy Bungel, who expired on Tuesday night. The deceased was suffering for several days prior to her death from bronchitis, and during that time Mrs Hogarth attended to her in the kindest manner possible, supplying her with all comforts necessary in such cases, and Mr. Scott supplied her with medicine. Betsy, it is supposed was a daughter of one of the oldest warriors, known on Monaro as " Charley York ." Suspected INCENDIARISM -Another fire occurred at Delegate on Monday, 19th instant when a stack of wheat, oats, and barley, the property of Mr. T. Rodwell, and situ- ated about 150 yards from his house, was completely destroyed. The loss which Mr Rodwell sustains (says the Bombala Times) is estimated at £200, and we understand it has almost ruined him.Two men have been taken up on suspicion of having set fire to the stack mentioned -MenDEroüs AssUiLT ni AN~ITALIVN-Tlie Agc reports that nn Itttlmn named Noccoii-io Miiggim was charged on remand with stabbing his employ«, a fellow - countrvman, with a knife Pranci-co Antonio Parilli ice- cream mnnufncttirer, ot Littlo I onsdnle-stiect I ist depo-cd that on Sundav, the 11th instant, at ni tut halt-past 2 o'clock, he was tal tug wine with 'ho prisoiiu and otliois after dmnci hcti'ik the i_g fiom his hnnds, as lu wes spillin" ti« w mr and ni doing s > pushed lum so 'hut he fell down hohclpullnmt mse, "wingut tin same time, "Don f spill the vi me it costs monty '' thepiisuici g itup and went ¡ Into Hie vmd vu hcut spc mm' in two ni thrco minutes he enmt in and tlnow hnnsell < n the bed for a few minutes he linn gol up m n fiuioiis minmi und ns the witness tame in lum the vnrd he lushed at him with a knife and stabbed lum in the side the knife was tal cn from lum bv a Mi Castem Antonio Perugia iigiirr modollei, I deposed that lu v as present v hen the pnsunci stabbed Mi I Patilli, whose evidence ho witness (onuboraled Di Jijan, who wnsenlHl in todrcss the prc-ecutoi's sound, < deposed that tbo cut was over an inch m d' pth , theie was I at one time dan cr from pleurisy, the lcsitlt ot »he wound, j but the prosecutor was non onto! dangei Heirn Ann strong plain clothe« nllicn, proved Iho aircst ot Iho. prisonci, who leserved his defence, ard was full) com- mitted for trial BttrvcK oi Prtov.isF or "\r,itrtr_cF-Acas'>of the above kind was heard befon the Brisbino Sttpiemt Court, on the 19th instant, tint of llollmwoith v Gem lue Attorney -General, vyith Mr Powoi appealed for the plain- tiff, unil Mi Pimg, QC,with Mr Pope Cooper, for the defendant A nirv hav ngbeenenipuinellcd,the Attorncv Gcnei ii smd this was an nttion foi bieith of premise, biou-ht by Annie Goidon llollmwoith ngimst Godtrcv Nanua Buniaimn Gem, thedimages bung hud-jit £2000 Hie defendant was thief clerk m the Lands Ollie* and also held a commission us major in the "\ oluntter Foice Ho (the Vttcmçv Central) wis mstiucfd that th"> pinnnse, for th< bleich of which the nctun vins brought wis undo about the veir 1S70 after which lime theputies remained on aflectioniite terms and in cousLmr concspondencc, until nbcut two months «go, when encum stances arose which necessitated tlie piesent suit It was notneeessirv tosiv mote, as he understood that Mr Pi nig was willing to submit to a veidict for £1000, which he (the Attorney -General) vins picpared to attept Mi Prill" liming stated that lit was mstiuetcd to consent to a veuliet for the sum mentioned the um in nccoidance w ith msli no- tions from the piesiding fudge, returned ii verdict foi the pi untift foi £1000 DnovvNiNo or A "\IVII Bo\\-Hie "S\ nmnicravv a corresçnndcnt of the Duli!o Dtyatch repoitsasid ense of drowning whirh happened to a kid of 17 or 18)cars of n_e, named "\\\ Johnston Ho vvas tmploved m convtvuig the mails bttweon Mount Hains and the Wammerawa Having arrived witli tnc mails on the evening of the 13th instant, he w ont down to the riv or vi ith lu ! hoi se the Wammerawa Itmg neatly a banket, caused bv the Bai won hu king its v ittr np he intended putting his horse across as the grass was much better on the opposite side D M Phail, sen , happened to bo at the rive- at the same time and seeing tile lad dnostmg himself of his clothing, asked him if he could swim, when he replied that he could not but stated his in- tention of riding the hoi enctoss Mr McPhnil ndv ísetl lum to hobble the horse and swim in that innuuci Ho cvcntuallv rode into the vvatei and when about mid-stream the horso turned round for the side ho had left and the v oung man hy som" means got oil the horse and held on bv the manu for ord) a shoit time, vihtn he let go the only chanco he had, and commenced snuggling in ii despertto mannci Mr M Phail had only tune to c,et his boots and tiousers off, when Tohnston sank to nae no moro Hie bodv was îe covered on the morning of the 17th instant This is tbo second ensunltv bv di owning m this neighbourhood within tiro last fortnight-the other case v as that of a man who had left Walgett en route tlown the Barwon, when ho arrived nt a branch of the Barwon called the Winnowr), end rode into meet a watery grave Tv-t, or A CHILD now A SHAFT 33 rrET DFEP, WITHOUT INJIRV - V child fell down a shaft at Grenfell and from its depth was supposed to be «eriously injured, if not kdled Onbemg recovered, however bv the father, the little fellow was found to have received onlv a scratch or two Jlissivx PRFrvnvnoNs-A tele<riam ftom London uif ni mod us a few days nço that Russia had an mm, of 200 000 men and 720 guns in splendid condition at Ixishcncv re idv to cross the D mubo, mid in an English militan journal of 13th December it is stnted that the militan authorities at Odessa are reported to hnvo received orders for the mobilisation of a new militia division, consistuig of G00,000 men to be un ide I into twelve anny corps , all the men w ill vv e ir the nation ii uniform and be aroied w ith the new Russian breech-loading nile 1 roc-ps may bo trans- ported J rom Odessa to the mouth of the Dneistei and taken thenct to Ivishonev, situated upon its banks, or ihey mav be marche I ov erland It is pi obable the 1 ir_c number of guns in proportion to the contingent of 200 000 men mav ho due to the mobilisation above stated nnd it mav be that nt the piesent time Russia has a million of men road) to enter Roum ima or Bulgin i Iho m místico concludes on Ihurs duv next EVTVI Gi/N ACCIDENT THROUGH BAD TFVIPER-A gun accident rttcndtd with f ititi consequences, occurred neir Booligal on Tridnv, lGth mstunt It appears (the Deniliquin ijloonich reports) that two voung men, Michael Rvan, the landlord of the Drovers' Arms Inn at Boolig ii and James Gi een, n fnend, vi cut out turi tv shooting upon thodav nnmed, and whilst «tilkmg a bird tbo horse aid not obtv sufficiently well the reins, and b) his moving st irtltd tlie bird which flew nwav thereupon poor Rv in lost his temper, and rever ing the gun foolishly struck the animal with the stool , the weapon immediately exploded, lodging the contents of both ban els m the lower pai t of the tin for- tunate man's bod), and as the gun was charged with wire cmtndgCE, the v ound was a dreadful gnpmt, fissure from w Inch tho entrails protruded R) an In ed loi about eight or nine hours DROWNED IN Tier M'THRI'MBIDGEE - it inquest was held at Wagga on the bodv of Tames Michael Larkin*, found drowned in the Murrumbidgee Rivet on Thurstl iv morning From the ev idence of Christian Stomer (reported m the AihcitiseiJ it appeared that on Monda) deeevsed was at Stemei's vincvard, and left in the afternoon to go across the bndge Deceased, being on horseback, was seen to go towards the river in a cantor George Sterner stated that on Tuesda) morning he wont with his brother to oithe m the nv er, and then saw a man on the opposite sido on horse- back, lending a horse with o snddle and bl idle on Ho swam across to the mnn and saw that the horse was deceased's, that the saddle seat and padding were wet, and the crupper broken He at oneo suspected that Larkins was drowned, and taking possession ot the horse reported the matter at home, and afterwards to tho police "\\\ ilhaui Warren, who resided on the river side, believing that the man was drowned, went to a fordmg-plaee on the nvcr, about a milo and a-half below Stemor's, and about fift) )ards from this saw tho bod) foul of a snag THE HODGKINSON GOLD-FIELDS.-As the Hodgkinson River reefs are still exciting some interest among the migra- tory diggers of other colonies besides those of Queensland, I we" extract from the Brisbane Conner an epitome of- the Warden's report for the last month, ns giving moro reliable information than tho fugitive statements so frequently sent to various Queensland journnls:-Tho Warden for tho Hodgkinson Gold-field (Mr. Mowbray) reports that tho last month was one of the busiest siuco he took charge of the field. Tho commencement of work bv tho crushing-ma- chine* of Messrs. Martin Brothers at Thornborough, Plant nnd Jackson at the Caledonia, Mon-isby and Stewart nt Watsonville, and Forsyth and Co. nt the" Tyrconnoll Reef, having had a marked effect on the prosperity of the mining interest. This is fully evidenced by tho very large amount of ground that has been taken up, "more particularly in the remote parts of the field, no fewer than 114 prospecting areas having been granted, and twenty new lines of reef laid off sineo Mr. Mowbmy's previous "report. Pay- able gold is also said to have "been discovered in some twenty moro prospecting arcas, which he has not yet had timo "to visit and lay o(F. The erushings have boon very satisfactory to the claimholdcrs, and the yields in almost every caso exceeded nil reasonable expectations. Tho stimulus these rich returns have given to roofing enteprise | is apparent in the daily increasing progress of the field. A very promising belt of reefing country has been opened on I the eastern boundary of tho field, "eloso to the Granite Range, between it and Bull's machino, and distant only about forty miles from Trinity Bay. Eight distinct lines of roof have been laid off in this locality. The gold, which hero shows freely in the stone, appears to bo almost nil of a high quality, some twelve ounces dollied from the Minnie prospecting claim having, on assay, proved of the value of £3 19s. Gd. per oz. The great sizo and apparent richness of these reefs will ultimately draw ii largo popula- tion to this locality, who will enjoy the great advantage of being within a short distance of the port. An immense reef c.allpd the Coomstock has boon opened about ton iriles in a northerly direction from Thornborough. Iho width of tho quart/, vein now being worked is over twenty feet ; tho stone, which shows n littlo fino gold, .appears to prospect very ovonly for over two ounces to tho ton, and 4000 or 5000 lons of quartz lio exposed on the surface. The reef i» visible for over a mile, and in ono place stands up like a solid wall, three feet thick and over twenty feet high, the surrounding strata having evidently been cither worn away by the net ion of tho atmosphere oi1 torn away by sonic" convulsion of nature. Four claims nre now at 'work on tho lino, but tho long distnnco from machinery at present detracts greatly from tho value of the discovery. Á number of good reefs have also b(>en opened in tho neighbourhood of Thornborough, King- ston, Macleod's Creek, and tho Eastern Hodgkinson. Forty six head of stamps are now crushing quartz, and twenty five head more will bo ready for work by the end of the current month. The return" of erushings for tho past month shows that 512 tons of quartz yielded 2163 oz. of gold, being an average of nearly 4 oz. to the ton ; mid in addition to this, n. crushing of 55 tons, which lins been finished up sinco tho 1st February, from the Kingsborough No. 1 north, has yielded 10450* oz.-a return which fully justifies the high op'inions formed of this claim. A steady increase in the population of the fioid is daily observable, and the value of mining property in proximity to crushing machinery continues to improve, while at the same time tho exertions of prospectors aro'opening out a wider extent of reefing country, and increasing the number of ascertained payable reefs. The weather from tho middle of January to tho 5th of tho present month wasvfrenor.illy dix and cool, with a few thunderstorms, nnd thoMiealth of' the population is everywhere good. A return nttaehod to tho remort-shovvs that the average value of tho gold crushed in January is assayed at £3 6s. lid. per oz., tho lowest being £2 11s. 5d., and tho'highest £3 17s.-tho latter being from tho Magnet, Victoria p, c. . 