CHECKMATE. SX T7B AUTHOR OF ' TH8 HOUSB BX TEI OHUBOHXABD,* '.mUJMS TO BB,' - TJHOI.B 6TLA8, RTC. ': Ana he places his hand on her ehouldei gently, * *ndloolc8 to ward the corridor that led to the room'; then taking up (one of the candles she had left alight on, the table in the hall, he lays,— ' riigi^yottalifibt,' &ad; he repeats, with a wandeious heavy sigh, * Good-Eight, dear old Mirths.' * ? God bless ye.Maetar Dick. Te much chirp up a bit, mind,' she Bays very kindly, with an earnest look in net race, » genius to zest, ye utsmi v feu me walkin' about to trouble ye. Bet ye must be careful to shut the hall door close. I agree, as it is a thing to be done ; but ye must alse knock at jay bed-room window when ye've gone out, for I must get up, and lock the door, and make a* safe ; and don't ye forget. Master Richard, what I tell ye.' He held the candle at the end oE the corridor, -.down which the wiry old woman went quickly; and when he turned to the hall, and set the candle down again, he felt faint. In his ears are ever the terrible words : ' Mind, I take command o£ the house, I dispose o£ and appoint the servants; I 4oa't appear, you do all ostensibly, but from garret to cellar, I'm maBter. I'll look it over, and tell you what ia to be done.' Sir Richard roused himself, and having listened at the staircase, he very softly opened the hall door. The epire of the old church showed hoar in the moonlight. At the left, from under a deep shadow of elms, comes silently a tall figure, and ?aoftly ascends the hall-door steps. The door is closed gently. Alics sittiog at her dressing-table, half an hoar later, thoaght she heard steps, lowered her book, and listened. But no sound followed. Again the \- same light foot-falis disturbed her— and again she was growiag nerroue. Once more she heard them, very stealthily, and now on the same fbor on which -her roam was. She stands up breathless. There is no noise now. She was thinking of waking her maid, bat she remembered that she and Lousia ?Di»per had in a like alarai, discovered old Martha, only two or three nights before, poking about the ?c^iina-closet, dusting and counting, at one o'clock: in the morning, and had then exacted a promise that she won] a visit that repository no more, ex cept at seasonable hours. Bat. old Martha was so pig-headed, and would take it for granted that she *was fast asleep, and would rather fidget through the bouse and poke up everything at that hour than at my other. Quite persuaded o£ this, Alice takes her candle, determined to scold that troublesome old thine, against whom she is fired with the irritation thac attends on a cause loss (right. She walks along the gallery quickly, in slippers, flowing dressing gown and hair, with the canolein her hand, to the bead of the stairs, through the great window of -which the moonlight streams brightly. Through the keybole of the doer at the opposite side, a my of candlelight is visible, and from this room optics the china-closet, which is no dopbt the point of attraction for eke t.-oublesome visitant. Holding the candle high in her left hand, Alice opens the door. Wiiat she eeeE is this, a pair of ctndles burning '-' 013 a small table, on whi:ft; with a pencil, Mr, LoDgcluee is drawing, it seems, with care a diagram; at the same moment he raises his eyes, and Richard Arden, who is standing with one hand S laced en the table over which ha is leaning a tt!n. looks quickly round, and rising, walks straight to the door, interposing between her and Jj;neclusa. ' Oh, Alice ? You didn't expect me ; I'm very busy, looking for — looking over papers. Don't mind.' He had placed his hands gently on hsr shoulders, and she receded as he advanced.' : 'Oh! it don't matter. I thought— I thought -I did not know.' She was smiling her best. She was horrified. He looked like a ghost. Alice was gazing piteously in hie face, and with a little laugh, she began to cry convulsively. ? What is che matter with the little fool ! There, there -don't don't— noseenss !' With a little effort she recovered herself. 'Only a little startled, Dick; I did not think you were there — good-night.' And she hastened back to her chanber, and locked the door ; and running into her maid's room sat down on the side of her bed, and wept hysteri cally. To the imploring inquiries of her maid, she repeated only the words, 'I am frightened,' and left her in a startled perplexity. She knew that Loogciuae had seen her, and he, ?that she had Been him. Their eyes had nut. He saw with a bleak rage the contracting look ' of Inrror, so nearly hatred, that she fixed on him for a breathless moment. There was a tremor of fury at his heart, as if it could nave sprung at- her, from his breast, at her throat, and murdered her ; and— she looked so beautiful! fie gazed with an idoli trous admiration^ Tears were walling to his eyes, and yet be would have laughed to see her weltering \- on the floor. A madman for some tremendous seconds 1 CHAPTER LXXII. MKABUBES. About twelve o'clock next day Richard Arden showed timeelf at Mertlake. It was a beautiful autumnal day, and the mellow sun fell upon a foliigfe that was fading into russet and yellow. Alice was looking out from the open wicidow, on the noble old timber whose wide-spread boaghs and thinning leaves caught the sunbeams p ea santly. She had heard her brother and bis compa nion go down the stair -, and saw them, from the window, walk quickly down the avenue, till the tree3 hid them from view. She thought that some of the servants were up, and that cbe door was secured on neir departure; and the effect of the saocr she had raeoived gatdually subsiding, the looked to her next interview with her brother for an explanation of the occurrence which had so startled her. Tnat interview was approaching; the cab drove np to the steps, and hot orother got out. Anxiously she looked but no one followed him, and the driver shut the cab-door. Sir Richird kissed his hand to her, as she stood in the window. From the hall the house opens to the right and left, iu two suiteB of rooms. The room in which Alice 6tood was called the sage- room, from its being hung iu uge-greea leather, stamped in gold. It is a small room to the left, and would res war -very prettily for a card party or a' tete-a-tete.' Alice had her work, her book, and her music there, she liked it because the room was small and cheery. The dooropened, and her brother comes in, ' Good Dick, to come so early I welcome, darling,' she said, put.ing her arms about his neck, as he stooped and kissed her, smiling. He looked very ill, and his smile was painful. 'That was an odl little visit I pud last night,' . said be, with his dark eyes ftXBd on her, inquir ingly she thought — ' very late— quite unexpec ted. You are quite we!l to-day?— you look -flourishing.' ' ? I wish I could say as much for you, Dick ; I'm atrtid you are tiring yourself to death.' 'I had some one with me last night,' said Sir . Bich&rd;, with hie eye still upon ber; ' I don't knew whether you perceived that.' Alice looked away, and then said carelessly, but ' very gravely— 'I did— I saw Mr. Loogclose. I could not be lieve my eyes, Diet. Toil must pro anise me one thing?' ?WhatiathitP ' That he aba'n't come into this house any more — while I am here, i meiu.' ' That is easily promised,' said he. ' And what did he come about. Dick ?' ?Oh ! be came— be came— I thought I told you, ' he came absut papers. I did not tell you ; but he has, after fill, turned oat very friendly. He is go ing to do me a very important service.' She looked very much surprised. . The young man glanced through the window, to which he walked; He seemed embarrassed, and then turning to. her, he said peevishly — ' Ton seem to think. Alice, that one'1 can never make a mistake, or change an opinion.' ? But I did not My eo; only, Dick, I must tell you that I have such a horror of that man, a terror of him, as nothing can ever get over. 'No, I can't say yon are. I don't mind stories eo much as ? ' 'As what ?' ' As looks.' 1 Looks ! Why yon UB«jfl to think him a gentle ? manly-looking fellow; and so he ia.' ? ' Looks and language,' eaid Alice. ? I thought he was a very civil fellow.' ' I shan't dispute anything. I suppose you h&vs; ftrand him a good friend after all, u yen say.' 'As good afrUndJ&B; most men,' said Sir Eichtrd,, growing paleF* they all ace from interest : when . interests we the same,.men are friends. But he has saved me from a great dealt and ha may do mare ; and I believe I ma too hasty abont these stories, , and I think you were right when you refused to believe them without proof t .?'?'. '? ? '?'? ' I daresay, I don't know, I believe my senses, and all I say is this, if Mr. Longcluse iB to come here any more, Inust go. He is noiientleman. I think, thatie, t can't describe howl dislike him, how I hate him I I'm afraid of him I Bick, you look ill and unhappy ; what's the matter 1' ? I'm well enough,- I'm better; we shall be better -all better by-and-by. I wish the sex: five w«eks were overt We must leave this, we most go to Arden Cjurt; I will send some of the servants there first. I am going to tell them now, they must get the bouse ready. ? You shall keep your maid here with you; and when all is ready in Yorkshire, we shall be off, Alice, don't mind me, I'm miserable; mad !' he says suddenly, and cover* his face with bis hands and, for the first time far many years; he is crying bitter tears. Alice was by bis side, alarmed, curious, grieved, end with all taeae emotions mingling in her dark and beautiful feaiures, as she drew his hand gently away, with a rush of afiectionate entreaties and inquiries, ' It is all very fine, Alice,' he exclaims, with a sudden bitterness; 'but I don't believe, to save me from destruction, you would sacrifice one of your least caprices, or reconcile one of ycur narrowest prejudices.' ' What can you mean, dear Richard ? only tell me haw I can be of any use. You can't mean, of course-——* She stops with a startled look at him. ' You know, dear Dick, that waB always out of the ques tion; and eurely you have heard that Lord Wjnderbroke is to be married to Grace Maubray P It is all settled.' Quite another, thought had been in Richard's mind, but he was glad to icc;pt Alice's conjec ture. * Yes, eo it is, so, at least, it is said to hi, but I am eo worried and distracted, 1 half forget things. Girls ere such jolly fools; they throw good men away, and lose themselves What is to become of you, Alice, if things go wroru with me ! I think th« old times were best, when the old people set tled who'was to marry whom, and theie was no dis puting their decision, aad marriages were just as happy, and courtships a great deaf more simpler; andlam.very cure there were fewer secret re pinings, and broken hearts, and, threadbare old maids. Don'c you be a fool, Alice ; mind what I say.' He is leaving the room, but pauses at the door, and morns, and places his hand on ber arm, look ing in her face, and says — ? Yes, mind what I nay, for God's eake, and we may all be a great deal happier.' He kiBses her, and is gone. Her eyes follow him as she thinks with a sigh, 