THE NOVELIST, THE LAST OF HIS TRIBE; OR, THE GHOST OF THE GRANGE. A TRUE NARRATIVE OF HAMILTON. (By PATRICIUS.) " There are more things in heaven and earth. Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy" \--SHAKSPEARE CHAPTER V. "He waxes desperate with, imagination." \- HORATIO. Three years more have passed away: I have an aversion to dogs,and when my blA 'F loss' takes th liLbertf of anking me ,.* vossesso? of. in numerable puppy dogs, 'I anm eobnse quently enraged. One dark turbulent' night a?.winter when Jupiter Pluvius was pattering his spray agalist the window pane, I took it in my head to sacriflco the offspring of 'Floss,' I, therefore, shouldeied my victims in a 'gunny bag,' and sought the locality of the blackened waters. No eye save Heaven looked on, the deathly stillness was congenial to my thirsty soul, and I was ' fully prepared to. do the bloody deed.' What made me so courageous on this occasion I cannot tell; for, although I was above:superstition, I must admit that the inculcations 'of my nurse and childhood anent' bogies' and t fairies,' still reigned in my nervous nature. However, I was just on the point of committing my puppies to eternity, when a solemn, dismal moan arrested my earl I. shuddered, and impul sively drew my bog 'towards me, as if the voice said' Don't I' I looked around me-half frightened ,;I confess-and saw nothing:. Not even the decayed relics of the-old- Grange Inn, now remained to familiarise the eye; for the memorahble floods of 1870 had swept all before them, leaving but • lonely chimney to bespeak the desnia. tion. After a moment's suspense, during which my brain wasflleld with a flickering dance of ghostly rainbows, I obecked my nerves and ears for their unfounded fancy, and was the second time about to commit my parcel to its dooms, when that same solitary, weirdly oanan rang throssl she n;r, ' ,,! thrilled my very brains! The next instant followed the silence ot death, and my blood ran cold. Foramoment 1 was pnralysed with fear as the re sponsibillies of my position in the locality of the Black Waters hovered around mry trembling reason. I could not think of making an exnaination of the locality-its history was too weird -therefore, all my remaining strength was summoned up for an inglorious retreat, with mercy for the life of the dogs. Clumsily I shouldered my bag, and blindly I bounded off at a run. I had proceeded about twenty paces, top speed, when I stumbled over some thing most unearthly, and, great God! before Iliad time to regain my equili. briam, that same ghostly, lonesome moan, ten times mcre horrible thans before, shot after me. It was too m.uch. I fainted. On coming to, I found myself lying on my back in a drain, minus my bag and puppies. I felt that in that In trim of snspenas, my soul had been a moonlighted chamber of ghosti, my. elilf wiithiithb, dreariest of. them all. I looked, up, and within .ten yards of moe,I espied the flgure"of a woman dressed .lIn'black, apparently intoxi cated, flourishing a blnlr bo.,io, wliilst lier fens"*'o were undoubtedly those or a black woman. A pair of lips shivering with cold intercepted a num ber'of rambling epithets, making the sound .an unintelligible tremulous vibration. It was this unearthly noise, no doubt, that had previously frightened me. After banishing the idea of a ghost, and supplanting it with the 'picture of a ' black lubra,' I again summoned courage, and once more was'' 'rising to administer death- to my puppies when 1 heard approaching footsteps. Icowered down in the drain, holding the water in full gaze.' 'Forward, solumnly and cautiously, with the tread of a c eat, anesiked a man'of huge stature. He was dressed in black from head to foot, as.I could easily perceive *from his close proximity to my hiding place.. Lying in' ambush,' almost fearing to expose myself,'and 'anxious to watch the pro ceedings of the unknown vision-either spiritual or human-I bided in silence. Witbin"tweis?y paces trom me, at the edge of the water, the apparition balted. and luoked cauliously around.. He then drew from under his arm, a trlangular grapling iron'and tackling, and launched them noiselessly in the deep. -: After a short time he took froni the water what appeared to be a bag, which he put upon his.shoulder' and directed his course to where the woman lay. SHallo, old woman I' he said, Drunk again ? Have you got a .lp with you V . S. Who'. ttat . -Ah I 'tia you. Give sme your hand, old boy,' answered the woman, tre~tbling like a leaf in the wirnd, and haiking his hand with joy. She then handed him from her pocket a second bottle, which appeared to be full of liquor, and he took a 'deep, deep draught.' -' .* . "" _ '& By this time I: had 'better fazility to more closely' scrutinise' the unknown pair. ' pIerceived that they were both prepared with veils, ready to mask them. selves at a moment's notice ; the fnet, also,' taught me that they were in com pany for the perpetration ofsome asecret act. - II thought I heard footsteps a while &go;,' said the imale, * but my ears belied iiie.-i'bhave. them in a bag,'lIe added, and, bending close to the woman's ears, he exclaimed, The bones.' ;'Bonesl what bones? , Ithought, and I shuddered afresh. .' Good, old maul' cried the fomrnle, with a hiclup. ':Take them to the Wannon, and then you can ileeip'enasy. ' . Another ' swll' each from thu *how. faltering hdottle, and tlheir: speah :be.' came thicker, and flnally inaudible. Iltimately, the converastio n.idropped ' and the.duet fell.asleep, dead drunk. My reason now begun' to. force re. flection on the words, that had -fallen from , the . unknown man.. 'Bones,' * sleep oaey,' and both wearing veils to defy detection. There had not been a lubra aboust UImilton for years.., Was the man a blackfellow?' Der4end upon. it, some dark deed was under way.! Wicked dreams' may have abused their curtained sleep, but certainly not to such au extent as to prompt wake. fulness; for, an audible snore now spoke their harmlessness. This was my time for retreat, and arising from the drain, I made one receding step, when I boethoght me of my hag. Its find. ing with my puppies might betray my presence and indentity; and such would lead, perhaps, to my connexion witl the secret and foul deed now being perpetrated. 'I eineaked'forward and procured the bag, and in doing so my eyes fell on the features of the man, which, till now were turned from me. Underneath a mass of curly, crisp, black hair; was 'a ghastly. pale, white face-surely not belonging to this worldl I mever could'mistake 'or forgot that countenance, nor the "re markablo contour of his figure as lie lay stretched under the influenco of one, two, three, four, or five star cog nine. The woman was lyingon her face and hands, but it was enough for mua that she was a lubra and a stranger. They were, in fact, both strangers. I shrank from the ghastly picture, and wended my wny homewards, wondering over the peculiarity of a loan being dressed all in black, with a black woman also in black, both having black veils, and talking over the black octa tn the blackest of midnight I resolved now it, p...... the life of my young dogs, tand as they were well bred pondlee, 1 apprehended no difficulty in disposing of them to my friends. Renorse seemed hiwever to have settled in my breast before reaching home, whet I reflected on my cowardice and indiscretion in leaving the dark pair to pursue their treachetous deed. 1 turned on my heel, and made one desperate resolve to 'do or dia'-I would watch them. Back I trudged, in the oeld sad mud, and on reaching the spot the second tine, ln I both had itsle. Beinld with lInsniness and fright, in a few miinutes, was gone; for the malaria of fright, like an unseen desmon lay hidden lit the Stygian stream -hidden, cfr nsindubtedly the only deadly curse which the puoisned waters emitted was the unisees malaria of fear. Before closing my eyes that night, I firmly swore to my Ood,-rather than reproach my soul with. indifference towards the blood of a fellow being, that when neael rce?oaissing ' man in blacek,' whethers In'.tthnder, lightning,, or :rain,'; I would secure him at the hazard of my life. CaAPTRn VI. " Slept Till morning waved the city o'er . Her filmy wings gold interlaced." -Cowesa. The next morning, my first coneiders tion was to reloeae the pups from their suffocating confinement. On turning out the contents, I beheld with horror and amazement that my bag was filled with human bones l . The truth flashed across my mind in an instant. I had taken the wrong bug the previous night. Cuonsternation I What would I dot Secretly-almost afranid of the pre. monce of, the light in my bedroom-I examined the remains, and found the skeleton was perfect, with the ex ception of . the skull, which was pierced 'with a rude hole.. The bones were rather mouldy, without flesh; and ilest lave been lifeless for some .con siderable -time. The idea flashed across ny mind 'hat tlhey were.'the mortal remains -of the ýblackfellow whom Bandy Hadmilton was supposed to havel murdered years ago. Yet who was tlie white man from whose possession I had wrested them, That was a matter must be solved even to clear myself fiom an unjust impute. 'ion. What to do with the remains was my neit charge. If I pursued my rational course, and handed them over to the police, the rm-" in black' would be 'armed coo shield himself, and the ,aser .Would end by his never. more boing heard. of. :I therefore ,,.olved to preserve the nabo,, In hopes of hearing something of my young poodles, and;, thereby tracing the guilt to:the en'ctors of'the hidden mystery. ...... CHAPT R ;R V II. .:-":' •nt .: "I have the'not, `et I ? e? thss still I." ,-The curiosity anent Gundie's .dis. appearance' was :still 'living, and any. thing founhd' in 'thie shape of Hlumlan remains was , immediately. communi. ,ated to Sergeant r ' .L :. It was about a week subsequent to the previoius chapeir thant a young urchin, 'nlbk'namied ' Gorilla,'. came. rorth panting to. the police-statlon, stating that he had seen ' Patinhoey,' the lilackfellow, at the dead Iliur of tilhe previones night, stealthily, place, a bag in'tlie creek ilathe vicinity of" the Episcopalian parsonsge. There ought to be nothing,'miysterious is 'Aia plicelng a bag in the water any.imore ithanl any oher pesoni' but 'PauncLy's '.every action was doubttd/isinoe'le waes'us pected of Gundie's death.: , - . Snrgeant'. ' e,ger ta catch 'the ilighitest clue, was immediately on the 'cen'e, acconmpanied by Isis 'Worship the Mayor (thien A-. J: B. Dsleher,'Eeq.i; and a large' concourse 'of 'excited townspeople, amongst whom was my self. Grave, silent, and serious the ereook was dregged for aqsarter of an hour, whereupon the assembled crowd began to grow weary. Sticks, stones, and boittles were discovered, but no bones. At length the grappling irons caught ui..lthing, and began slowly to draw it to theu enrftace. Each spectator caught his escitea t .athl, and peered with expectant eyes. Merer.c.l God I there it is, the bag I.. Well donoe notoe S* * I And the. murmur. of lamentations for the 'corpse wis mingled with eulogistio expressions' of praise for the bravery of this gallant defender of the peace- so muich so, that our hlero.was afforded an opportu ilty' of " showing his bombastic authority by ordering the 'crowd ,ti keep back from the stifling corpse I The bag was hurled ashore, and none other but the' sergeant's fingers were sacred enoughl to allow the'long.looked for and now-prized bones to lithe 'world. A knife was procured, the thong was cut, and out.rolled my two drowned puppies I '. Shouts of '. ' sold 'rang thrnugh the'alr, as'the 'townsperiple dispersed;, and "'Dl -,-tho . truest of men, nowat rest h-you were wrong fully;sccre'dlted 'with the perpetration of this diabobllal''sell.' Butt wihiisttlie aoneationallists he. pacted in hillarity:at the joke, a more serious m?od was'depreseing my phyei cal nature.:? 1souglit the 'Gorilla' and ascertained?' i the most round about manoiae,,possible. that it was unmistakably Sandy IInmilton who placed the 'bag- in the creek. I then au ltcred; ihomeward musing to myself, with numerous aend conflicting thoughts crowding round my brain, bearing the following cogclusion- alandy i-tamllton drowned my pups I Where did ihe got them? I am more confoundedi than ever. Some white man undoubtedly took possession of my poodles; and certainly as I took those bones from that man, I ennnot confront Snndy H. whhll a secret deed. I wonder where Sandy got my dogs. Yes, that would explain all, eoxonerato Sandy, relieve emy anxiety, and com mit some unknown fiend to durance vile for the murder of his fellow.-eipg. I must see Bandy herewith. Oh I if by chance those bones were discovered it my posseascioln, wilh no evidence to sholw hbw I came by them, what could save me fruom hbeig hbng for the murder of Jinmy Gunldile I 1 shudder as 1 thick of it I I must, therefore, hide them with the deftness of a murderer until I bshall have hineed the culprit down to solve the mystery. What an awful ettnllos I The only thought that cheered me was the hope of a solution awaiting me fiom Paunchy, If by bchane be had ol?l picked up the bag;,to:what dtl.ppoint ment would Ibe dooeisr t :. a Otrran VIII.. . "God makes the palate, but mancicltlvates "the tdse."-Atnox, Although the murder of Gundie had seonsntion9l 'Hamilton :by the ~e"ar? fur years pqat, I had almost forgotten the matter ; and eveit now% I could' not reconcile the fact of those being the bongs of Gundle, for no white man Itving bad ever been con nected with his disappearance. . I looked about town that day, for. Sandy; but not "a soul had seen him for week,, and I concluded that, the ' Gorilla,' as boys will do, lhid'mietlken some other person for Paunchy, not withstanding his. faithful assurance and description of the man. I was idetermined to see Sandy, how ever, and regarding his absence from town, came to tihe conclusion-not that lie had inade an escapade-but that he was indulging'in one of those periodl cal tour amongst the neighboring townships, so prolific in old clothes, 'neew, drink,' 'atdddstray slipeices. Apropos, of 'new drink,' I once re tniember! an anecdote related by Old G.,; the pnblican', 'iin conneation' wiili PauunohyY which may lie accepted as the origin off the above quitation. ; It will be remembered thaiaith firat common use ofthemrael tonic water as a. bar bs*erage ,i of very recent date, irnd it was about it.at period that Sandy, one boiling hot summer'is dal, stalked into the' Vie. in quest 'of a quenchler. 'How do you like that?, asked ]lniface, as a bottle of lemonade disappeahed. It was ' splendid.' ' How is ithatl'-Esit a hottle of good old British. 'Sploodider l' exclaimpd his sable majesty. Next a noggin of rum was pronounced ' eplendidist.' .Fourthly. the. tonic was uncorked and King Sandy coa?ienced the work of demuplition. He winced and turned inwards !the balls of his brown eyes, anid ,delivered hmseelf thuesly: SBorank,l that fellow; him too old; bim got mouldy I' Accordingly Sandy was ever after in' q?esteot 'new drink,' and wan pro bail-y. ou~ a searebhig expedition ildring the weeld under notioe. "t (To be continued.) 