i.-. CtiL LA N KQUS'TrJiMS. \ AifA!'i kr'p T On Wednesday iSi'.rnnon"# voniiB c.)i:;iIo, of tlic ITohvoiv jiorsua- ; : aco.-.in:V.i:ioii h,v a minvrous parly of friends, .Iil":!iled the D:r:aiiV-!:e.m fc'vtiagognc. according i i anpoititiucut, f-r the norpoae of boras united 'II, « o .mnlc'cd the iiic'iiraraaty . mailt ie.s nod tvere.ive.Uing only for the Regis- .'.ur, wliowns :i fow ijiauteshchiiHriiiiie. wucn i luesseiraer nvrived with a telegram frr.m :. .;:i'1ou and read ay follows Slop marriage at . /race. His wife irad children liavo arrived in .(radon." A dislrcssiug scene ensued. JHie iride, nearly swoouing in cscitomeiit, turned for an explanation lo tho hridegioom, who warmly 4jmtcstod Iiis inuocenco, nud denied that there .\vae .anv foundation for tho chnrj?e» but circnm- ;;t:tncos appeared no mnch ngainpt him that an3, of tlio bystanders refused io believe liiiu and.tho bride was induced to postpone the eompletiorrof tlio ceremony, pending .further- inquiries. _55lo ,1 ewish authorities iu London were at once com- . municated with, and a telegram despatched to. llie address given by the sender of tne message. This telegram has since been returned with on intimation that the address given is incorrect and >he Chief Kabbi in London also reiwrts aa tho result of his imiuiries that he is niiablolo discover ihc sender of the message. There can be little doubt tliat the bridegroom has been made the .vietim of a lioax and this bemg so tlie :nnrnngo w\\\\\ be celebrated without further demy.— Til/ir. .1 GnonTH op tjie Eaktb. — In the interesting /wivse of lectures on astronomy which Mr. 31. A- fWtor has been delivering in tho theatre of the »Sf<ciety of Arcs, for the especial benefit of yonng persons, his subject ou Wednesdav was Mcteor5.-GomeU, and-Stars.- — In sp.eakiug of meteors, he develnred at sonic length tne (bought, which will strike many as a novelty, that the earth is, lias always been, and so long as.it shall exist as a pari of our crsmteM system must ever continue to be, growing in size. -Meteors are bodies, composed of extra-terrene matter, which travel in vast Itfiis and in highly eccentric orbits round the sun. These belts, or systems of meteors, arc very numerous, and iwhen their orbits inrerscci that of the earth they are brought within the influence of its gravita tion. aud on entering our atmosphere become — riutuinons r.nc-f:iH-to thorsnrfacc of our planetm- ihose periodical showers of shooting stars which nre so v/sll known. ' Not.a night passes in which i;omc falling stars are uot seen, and in certain months and on particular nights the golden rain is incessant. Of course, too, incieors fall in the ( daytime, although unseen. It is computed, said the lecturer, that hundreds of thousands of these extra-terrene bodies become incorporated with the earth every 24 hours, and 400,c00,00o in the course of cacu year. They may vary in weight between a few grains aud a ton. One is known to have fallen in South America which weighed 15 tons. Yet those small accretions to the earth's " 'matter would take many millions of years to add a singlo foot to its diameter. It bad been shown that one of these meteoric systems fol lowed in the track of a small telescopic comet, although not to be confounded with its tail, aud it was how the genera! opinion of astronomers ilmt all these belts of meteors wero similarly related to comets. Mr. Proctor then proceeded to rpenk of cornels and stars. — Times, Jan. 12. The Sea Sxr.rr.nt by Affidavit. — Tlie captain nt:d crew of a vessel called the I'aulinc, which jjns arrived in the Mersey from Akyab, report i ..that-liu July,._lS7o. -ofL-Capa- SanJlluquc,- onJ the nortIr-cn"stcohst of Brazil, they wtw tlie \ great sea serpent. On Tuesday the captain, j whose name is Drovar, appeared before the I stipendiary magistrate of Liverpool, Mr. Raffles, j and expressed a wish, ou his own behalf and that of his crew, to make a declaration alarm ing the truth of their statements respecting tho eerpent. Mr. Bufiios desired Captain Drevor to prepare a witten declaration and bring it before _ him. ThiH_Captjiin_ Drevar- did. yesterday, _ac- "" fomnauied by a number of his crew. Tlio declHmtion-is.to the vfTect-thnt he and others ou- board the I'aitiine, on July 8, 1875, whilo in latitude 5 deg. lo inin. S., loug. 85 deg. W., observed three large sperm whales, one of which was gripped round the boily with two turns of what appeared to be a huge serpent. Tlie head and tail appeared to have a length, beyond the poils, of poor, I and the girth seemed to bo eight or nine feet, Tlie serpent whirled its viqtinuround-And-mundfor:riboiU15 minutes, aud then suddenly dragged the wbulo to the bottom, head first. Again, on tho 13th of July, n-similar serpenwnsneen'flboufflOO-yardaljfr tho Pauline, shooting itself along tho surface, its hend and neok being several feet out of the 'water. Subsequently the head of tho animal was shot some 60ft. into tho air. Tho declara tion was signed hy Captain Drevnr, Horatio Thompson (chief oillcer), John Henderson LandelUi (second officer), William Lewarn 'steward), and Owen Baker (senmau). — 'Times. A House Thick. — On Tuesday evening, at tlie Preston Horse Fair, a uew trick was tried upon a Fylde fanner hy three or four swindlers, The Tarnier, after the usual haggling bought from pne of than a line agricultural colt, not yet' phod, for £30 ; and lie wan leading his purchase towards ihc mihvay station, highly pleased with his bargain, an tho animal in well worth .£40, .when he was accosted by throe fellows, com federates of tho seller, who, after pretending to pxuniine tlio coll, began to depreciate it; and put of them offered him .£-20 for it. While this man was engaging the attention of the farmer, another of tho gang drugged tlie colt, aud by ihe time the buyer klmd got it down to the rail-- way station it was coughing and roaring, and soon afterwards began to roll its eyes and stag: gcr. Matters now looked serious, and tho asseriinu of one of tho fellows that "it wasn't iyorth a had sovereign" seemed to liavo eomo truth in it. M It's going tp die," said another. I' Well, it's in a bad way, for certain," said the jhird, " put I'll risk it anyhow, and give you £25 if you like." l>ut while all this was going jfin the nnimnl seemed to recover somewhat from (he t-iTccts of the drug, and the farmer resolved ! to stick to his bargain ; and lie was fortified iii his rckduJipn_by„ft_policoman-who-had-now- . Joined the crowd' that had gathered round the ;;; "junties. Eventually, however, ho was induced to It t the fellows Imve the animal lack for A'80, jniit the amount ho had given for it, the police: 'loan taking caro to soe that he was paid iu good money .r-'/Vwira, Jan. .12. — An Austii.vuan CiiANckuY Case.— It is otaied u uuEuglisii journal, thut a romantic' contest for jiossesBioii ofthe prpperiy uf-an Ausli'nlmlraquatter is going ou iu the Court of Clmncciy, Londou. Ulie money value of tho proiierty is about £00,000, and the man who left this vast wealth was originally a poor Scotch emigrant from tho a — i-Islci— of-Arraiij-wlio-lHuded-in- Aualralia-witlr Jinlf-a-eiown in his pocket. Having died with- put a will, IiIh relatives are squabbling about the . i'iglit of succession. Thomas Yivors emigrated about 60 years ugo, and died at Sydnoy in 1857, leaving 000 acres of grazing land, valued at X'14,000, with 80,000 (heep, 2000 Jicudaf cuttle, gnany Jkufcr, and much general farm stock, tlio whole 'valued at X50,0i;i). Two nepliews had (ilso gone out and lived with him a few years, pno 0 Iheso ' nephews, Itobcrt Vivera, was a character, and distinguished lnmsolf as n local preacher and mngic lnuttn-n exhibitor, and ho be- Juapip 'fditpr pf Sydney Punch, ltobnrtseized tho whole property on tlib deutb of his uncle, do- (dared him self next ,of kin, and even came to muloii to take' an path in Chancery to that — "£fiocL — NownrsiSU'i of tho dead squatter, Mrs. sbio, cohtt's forward to claiin U19 i/roporty ns next of ton. and nepuV.cs her nophew of forgeiy rml 3_oijnry hi selling iip liis gi'oundlvss chum. j'ho case promisoK to occupy .V'lUw-i.nuiieclfor- hpts'siua (iuiOj ' poittiliits by TF.lnoilvpk.— The Paris corres pondent of the Londou SMmkirrf thus writes on tlie above discovery -iu tclograpliy, which has been briefly noticed already: — "It has often been said that tbdscienooof telegraphy-is as- yet- onlv in its infancy. What it will bo when it reaches tho ago of maturity it would bo difficult to sav with ccrtaiuty, but some idea mny be formed from an extraordinary telegraphic ms- eoverv just madcin Parifl._It nppears tliat.somo- iii venter has' found out tlio moans of . Rendiug portraits bv telegraph. The modus operandi has not vet been disclosed, but experiments have been made and— if wc are to belicvo tho papers —with complete success. Tho trial was made bv the police authorities of Paris and Lyons. Tie portrait of a Lyons official was forwarded from Paris by the new telcjp-aphic apparatus, and was at once recognised. In return the Lvons police telegraphed to Paris tho portrait, accompanied bv the usual description,:ot.a.clerk who has just absconded with his master's money, and :he Paris police, thanks to the telegraphic poitrair, were enabled to arrest the thief on. his alichiing from tlio train at tho Lyons railway flatten. Tlio facts are published on tlio best auth ority, and, incredible as they may seem, nre no doubt authentic. So far, tho iagonions discovery is only bciug employed for tho detec tion of criminals; but it is ovident that the police anthorities will uot bo able to monopolise ft. and that it will be turned to account by ?t>cirty--at-lftrge- under-the-varions-trying-cir- eumctances of life, , and snore especially in tlio coses of deserted wives aud husbands, 'missing heirs, disconsolate lovers; and similar interesting beings. — — A Singuivr Visit ation.tt-TIic London papers tell a story based on the supernatural. It is as follows i— " Mr. Smith died at Aleppo ou the lOtli of August, ai or about U10 hour" of C'ih tlie afternoon. On the same day, and between three- quarters of an hour and an hour later, e. friend and tollowtworker of Mr. Smith — Dr. Delitxch — was going to tbe house of a third 'person,' tlie author of tlie account of tho labours of tho departed scholar which appeared in tlie Academy. In tho course of his walk Dr. Dclitzch passed within a stone's throw of tlio liouso in which Mr. Smith lived when in London, and suddenly heard his own name, uttered aloud iu a most piercing cry which thrilled him to tho marrow. Tlio_iaet-impre£sed- him-ro-strongly-lliat-be- looked at his watch and noted the hour. Dr. Dclitzch, who strongly disavows any supersti tious leanings, was- ashamed to mention the circumstance to his friend on reaching that gentleman's house, "although on his return home he owns that his nervous apprehensions of some mournful event in his own fainilv- found relief in tears, and that he, recorded all the facts in his notebook that, same night. Dr. Delilzch told the story on tlie 6th instant, at n friend's table, with all the circumstances mentioned al>ove, including the -shrill cry. He distinctly denied linving beon thinking of Mr. George Smith at die time, Phylloxera in France.— Some idea may be gained of tho extent of the disasters caused by die Phylloxera by a recent report of M. Duchartro, of the Central Horticultural Society of France, in wliich the learned Professor of the Sorbonne details tlie results of his examinations in various districts of Franco. Where tho invasion of the insect took place some years ago no traces aro now left, for tho vino itself has disappeared; and no traces are apparent that tlie regions in question were once wine- .growing- districts. .Wherc-tlie—dostroyinc-rin finances are still at work the spectacle is heart rending (navrant). Ill many places- 'Anierieau I vines are being planted rapidly, these so far not : being attacked by tho phylloxera, and on tliese ! it is intended to gr:Jt the European kinds. It must bo remembered, however, that this im munity does not extend to all the American kinds, hut principal'y, nr. shown by M. Plunchon, to those vines derived from Yitls rotnndifolia .(alias, vulpine), from winch the Scnpperuong, Thomas, Flowers, and other American verities, -liava-hccn. derived. _These- vines-requiro-much heat to ripen the fruit, and their juice requires the addition of sugar to be converted into palat able wine. Oi.d and New V/ars— tiiein Duration and Cost.— The prosperity of France (exclaims the Times) makes her the wonder of Europe, and the figures given in our Paris correspondence of yesterday must excite the envy of every Minister of Finance. A yearly revenue of JH09;000;000" is, of course, very far from being a good in itself, but it is a marvollous_prmif-of-Whut_France.can. bear without any, visible distress. After her war with Germany and tlio Commune, most peoplo expected that she would be crippled for years. That seemed to be a fair inference from tlie fact that the war and tho foreign occupation had cost, from first to last, about 4:870,000,000, Most of that prodigious sum had been cxpended within twelve months, and it was more by some. £8,000,000 than the addition which this country made to its debt in the war with Franco which oncnod in 1703 and wont on, with littlo break, till 1815. Nothing could more vividly show thd vast increase in tlio cost of war than the fact that for twenty-two years England was able, not only to fight tlio greatest military power in tho .world, but to subsidize her less wealthy allies for a smaller sum than that which Franco threw away in a few months. It is true that more than half of her oxpoudituro war oausod by the 'fine of two hundred, millions sterling which sho paid to Germany, and we may assume that in future tho victors will make it a rule to send tho vanquished a bill for tho payment of their ex: pemes and something more. Thus the cost of war will bo incrpaEoJ iu two ways. Drink n? Fraeor. — According to tho budget of M. Leon Bay, France, considered ono of the most snhor nationB iu Europe, draws a rovenue of 415,000,000 annqally from tho sale of iutoxi-" eating liquors. Tub Wadrley Tombstone Case. — "J. M," writes Mlt.inight tend to modify the vjows of the incumbent of Wadslcy wore ho to pay a visit to St. Paul's Cathedral or Westminster ALboy. In thoso' grout .Repositories of national .mouuments.lie.would.llnd:sign8:and=symbols-in. abundance to indicate the callings of tlio dis tinguished men to whose memories , those monuments are erected. Statesmen may he distinguished hy their, attitude ; literary men by their books; Admirals by their ships, telescopes, -and accompanying sailors; and Generals hy ihcirjnyords, cannon, and pilos of camion balls. Why should not tlto tombBtono of a deceased cricketer boar similar tokens of the calling in which ho was distinguished V"— Times, A Soldier's Disgrace. — A general coml- inartial has sentenced Sergeant Iiill, Jt.M., military foreman pf works at Chatham, .to—bo- Tethiced"fo"Tho ranks and pay of n privato soldier, to have a good conduct medal taken from him, and to umlorgo twoivo months' hard labor for misappropriating a largo quantity of stores belonging to tlio Admiralty entrusted to liis charge. ' . State of the T1oai>s in the NoitTri,— From gentlemen recently iimvcd from Araumo, (says the Copperjicld Miner.) wp lcaru that there are upwards of forty heavily ludcu up. country tennis between ' here umi Arunuic. There aro also a fair number of teams returning with wool." Tlio road is in gocd order, grass and water, being plentiful nil along tho road. Mr. Schneider, of Aral uac, who cam e by the new road from the Belymido, reports that' track to be nnporior- for teams to tho 011c now in use, besides being somo 'hiity-livc mili-B shnrtor— which is a cnnRiflera- iion. Camera, who vrill probably be. light loaded down froimtho Wof.t nl this season, ought n> give thi» track a Iria1, which would soon have .ho effect of biiuglnj; it imp public favor. Tin: C.vTosntBnr OONsrnncv. — Tho last tu" riror of tho Cnto-strcct Cowplrney— ono Matthew Booth— died a few days ago in tho Leeds Workhouse. To what a strange rocial-worid-docs this announce incut carry lis I George IV. had not quite a month exehnncettllfe Regency for the; Tlirono i-tim-naUuiL TRt« troubled to" the core by tho King's accusation ogniiiH Im wife, -mid by tho- rcsohito opposition ot the Gorornment. in which Lord C&stlercsgli; exewiw paramount- influence, to every proposal of political roform.'-A'"pe.ieefiilmeeling"iit"MaTiohefltor"iirthp prerious summer had been "dispersed by drago -n«. Tiit> Corn Laws prohibiting tho importer grain Iiml rni#«l the cost of wheat to famine prices, and th> Xnpoleouic wars which hod lasted 20 years bod left the usual legacy of wars, universal unrest, and the restirenrs natural under n great It tncreasod , burde" of taxation. At this juncture Thistleweod nnd hi# 2J ti»sociates resolved to imitate Guy Kawkcs'a inteu tion; but, instend of blowing-up tho Parlintucnt Houses, they determined on'assasrinatihg the Minis ters as they snt nt dinner, the guests of the Earl of llarrowby, in Grosvenor-squiire. The hope was tint ouee tho "Ministers were out of the way, a reform Government- .would .bo..establtshod by the peop'e. But traitors in the camp of conspirators acquainted the Government with nll the plot. On tho day of the dinner partr, February 23, tho conspirators had assembled in a loft over a stable in Cate-street (new Flower-itrecl), Edgwsre- road, and were arming when the polico entered. In tho scufflo most of the- cens- spirntors escaped, bat Thisllewood was taken the next morning, and in the following May he and four of his companions were hanged at the Old Bailor. JH»ey-were-the-l(»tt-prisoner»-con6ned-in-4he-To»r'''.- Of the' remainder, ; »t« were transported,' and the man now deceased, who has survived his crime for 5G years, citlier eluded the vigilance of tho police, or was doem?3too youbg anu obscure to.be worth taking. . During his long after life he has «n -more than all which lus fellows sought accomplished by tho Constitutional changes, amounting almost to rcvejulions,_which have been wrought; Thp_Engianri "of te-day is scarcely more unlike Turkey than it is unlike the England of the days of the.Cato-street Conspiracy. — Echo. Change of Weather. — It may not be gene rally knotvu that tbe twinkling of tlie stars, as measured by tlitTscmtillonictor, affords a reliable indication of approaching weather chnuges. _ A day or two beforo rain tho scintillntious in crease in intensity, and; this effect continues during wet weather,- and also when tliera aro high winds and barometrical depressions." All this has been proved by a French savant, who, -in-280-days,-mado -1820-observations-upon70 different stars. Science seems to bo following in the footsteps of the ancient .astrologers, ' though at a respectable distance. The subject is oae.that might recoivo local investigation.— A- 6cientific writer remarks that a " coutinned in- vestigaiioit of sointillation would bo of great service, not only for the prevision of weather, but also for tlio general study of meteorology, affording very useful means for the exploration of tlie higher regions of the atmosphere. — Ex change. Eucalyptus Tea, for Cold and Fever- — The personal experience of sorao one writing for the San Diego World, of. tho efficacy of tea made from-the green leaves of, the eucalyptus, in cases of approaching, onld and fever, is given in that journal. The writer says:— Some weeks ago being taken in a severe cold wo made a decoc tion of eucalyptus loaves aud drank it ou retiring to lied. The result was that it brought on a gentle perspiration and sleep and inthemoniing all symptoms of the cold had disappeired. A fortnight ago a friend of ours was seized in cold and fever. He had aching pains nil :over liis body, and to evory Appearance bode fiir to he _CQuhued_to_his_room—Wo— thoiiglit-o£_the- eucfllyptiLs, and told hiut of our expnrieucc. He went home and hnd a stroug decoction made, and drnuk freely ou going to bed. If worked like a charm, for lie was in perfect health next morning, only a little weak from profuse per spiration. His wife was suffering from oold at ihe time, and tried the rcmody, nud fcuud it a perfect cure. One instsnco moro itronrown caso. Last night, just before retiring to bed, we ; were seized. : with a violent- ohill,- accompanied \ with pains in the back and legs, This was fdK . .lowed-hy..iv-littlofeverr-TltQ8e-Hymptonis'hftd" presaged a very serious illness a year or two ago, uitd wc thought ominously on the subject. Wo 'sent out to the street, had some leaves plucked, and our favorite tea was made at onco. Wo drank about a pint and soon foil osleop, and to the credit of eucalyptus wo say wo ore as well to-day as ever wc wepe in our life. Oar opinion is that the tea is perfectly harmless J»_ frjnk, -oveu ina'largquaiitity. For ft medicine Irco we can recommend everybody to grow cuca- lyptus." - Discovery of a Very Old Treaty.— Genoral Meredith Bead, United States Minister to Greece (says Harper's Bazaar ), has presented to tho Stale Department at Washington, an interesting and unique gift — a remarkable relic recently discovered fiTmaking excavutions at tho base of the BOuthormvalL of tho Acropolis at Athens. It is nothing less than a treaty between the Athcniaus and Chnlcedoniaus of tho' third your of the eighty-third Olympiad (446445 b.c.), en graved upon a largo block of Pentelio maiblo several years beforo tho Parthenon was com menced by' the orders of PcriolcR. Not a letter is missing from tliis rcmurkablo document. It completes a pqssago of Thucydides, and is refenrod to hy Plutarch, and by Diodorus Sicr.lus; Immediately after it was brought to light by the learned secretary of tho society, M. Couinimo- ndis, GenoralTicad ordered a plaster cast to bo taken, of tho size of tlio original. , .This was handsomely framed in a dark olivowood caso, with a door to preserve thp inscription, .pnrt au. appropriate dedication iu gold letters. A Ghost.— Tlie correspondent of th $ Dispatch writes from Plymouth, Dec. 14 rTo-day's. Western Morning Hews reports a strange inci dent at the villuga of Kingston, Devon, "Wliile, the choir was engaged in practising for tlio Cliriutnias Rorvicns. a distant door opened, and through the dimly-lighted church a figure, draped in whito, slowly stalked np tho aislc and mounted the pulpit. No ouo cliallenged tho visitor, and tho allowed apparition slowly re traced its stops, vanishing' nt tlio snino door. Tlio terrified choir fled in dismay. Somo assert that in'tlio ghost tlioy recognised tlm featureB.of'. -ft-deccascd-popular"ministor\ Next day ouo member at least required medical aid. Gome Stock Statistics of South Australia —Our imports of chccp and cattlo liavo (says tho Register) greatly exceeded our exports. Tho number of slicop imported during the yoar was 157,112, of whioh 84,112 camo from Viutoria and the remainder from New South Wales. ' Of thoso from the latter colony 750Q wore fat slicop for tlio Adolnido market. The number of Bheop oxported was 64,706, of whioli 8576 weutto Victoria and 56,000 to Now South Wales. Of this lost number 217 wero stud sheep, of which _clu6S.aLqo.80_wcro_sent-to-Nc\v_Zcaluu(i; — Tlio- imports of horses have, boen largo. From Vic- torm wo havp rccoivod 1571, aiid 370 from Now Botuh Wales, and in addition soma ciioico uniraalfl from England. Tho cattle trade has boeu small. Ton stud cattlo .wore imported froin Victoria, 13 bulls were scut to Bydnoy, and ouo to Tasmania. "BcUKntRY, Sept. 1869.— Gentlemen, 1 feel it a. duty I owe to yau to. oxprc&s; . my grutitudo for the great benefit 1 hare derived by taking 'Norton Camomile Pills.' I npplied to your agcul, Mr. Boll Borkley, for the aboTO-namcd Pills, for wind in the Btenmch, from wliioli I sulfiirad excruciating puin for a length of Utile, baring tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but withont doriring uhy bencdit- nl all. Alter taking two hollies of your valuable pills I was quite rcatored to iny usual stale of hcallli. Ploase dvc tlu publicity for the benefit of who may tiuis be Hftlieted.-r- 1 am,. Sir yours Indv, JIkxky Alli'ASS.— To the Proprietors o'l Nouto.vV Uamomilb , Pn.r.-." Wholesale Agents for Queensland t— iJi-psrs ufuklky k Taylok, Wholesale Urisbaiic 