with whicb is ixooanuTtn TITS ZAUNCESTOir TIUSB. Monday, Dccucbxb 17tb, 1877. Onv of those absurd contests between local 'powers thatWnas arisen here, and the origin ot it is as singular as the contest is ridiculous. More than twenty yean ago the Municipal Council adver tised for competitive designs for the beat plan of Msrarage for Launcetton, and fifteen different plans srare sent in and transmitted by the than Mayor, MrHenry Dowliag, to Sir William Deniaon, Oover aorOeneral ot N«v South Wales, «W resommended that the gentlemen who nad adopted the motto 'Sub Spe' (Mr W. C. Bennett, Assistant Engineer in charge of Sewerage, Sydney ; and Mr W. B. Wade, Assistant Engineer Sydney Water. works), should receive he first priic of £260, and the gentleman who had adopted the motto Kaporauoe' (-lr Walter Hooper, Civil Enginer.of Sydney), ahculd reocivo the aeoond eof £100 \ocordingly on the 2Mb September, 1857\. Alderman Clayton moved— ' 1 hat in .he opinion of the OoudcU the price plans selected by Sir Win. Deniaon should be adopted in their entirety for the Future sewerage of the town of Launoeston, and that the Mayor be instructed to have a map prepared of the town on a acale of two chains to an inch, showing the sites and descriptions of the sewers through the several streets, their depth below the lend at the intersections of such streets, and at any intermediate points where -the gradients change, as also the high water mark at those points and taa difference, if any, between the present and future per manent leveli at the same pUou. This waa aeconded by Alderman Fawns and carried, we'.beliere, unanimously. Sinn then ' Sub Spe's' plan of sewerage has been actod upon as far as the means of the Corporation would admit, and seve ral loans hava been obtained for the purpose of improving the, sanitary atato of the town by carrying on sewerage works si portions of 'Sub Spe's' plan. A very important portion of it, the main aewer in Margaret-street, waa carried out chiefly by prison labor obtained in lieu of the use of a portion -f Bathorxt atreet, which had been ? ailed jp as a stone -breaking yard for the penal Bstabliahments. Altogether, we should think the expenditure upon works in con nection with 'SubSpe'a' plan of sewerage, must amount, with the loan ot £702) now in course of being expended, to some £15,000 or £20,000. It is, therefore, almost too late in the day now to discuss the question ot how to deal with the sewerage of the town. Besides the outlet from the Urge aewer in Margaret atreet, there an others near the Tartar Bridge, Lower George and Lower Charles streets, and on Friday the Town Surveyor had a party of men employed at the foot of St John etreet excavating for ice purpose of making another outlet there. This was ' the straw wh ch broke the canri's back,' and the Master Warden, on belalf of the Marine Board, entered his probst against the Corporation carrying out tlia portion of 'Sub SpeV plan, and holding the Council responsible (or any dansge they may do to the harbor by makinr this nine inch outlet. On Saturday Uie newly e'ected Mayor (Mr Tumor; coasidered it beat to bring the whole matter Vefore the Municipal Council prior to [roceeding| further with the work, and he authorised j the Town Surveyor to knock tie men off before dinner hour. Thus the vexed I question stands at present, and it is per haps as well the littlo ' tempos: in a tea pot' has arisen now, aa it thoroughly illustrates the absurdity of having the town and pott managed by two different boards or guilds . If the members of the Municipal Council are competent to manage the affairs of the town, they must be equally competent to receive the light dues, harbor dues, and wharfage collected by the Customs, and disburse it in working the tug, the spoon dredge, and in planning a beacon to fit Long Tom's Nose. Tho protest made by the present Master Warden on behalf of the Marine Board must be of rather a qualified character, we should think, as one of the members of it, Mr Dowling, was, as we hare shown, Mayor when 'Sub SpeV plan wss adopted as the sewerage phut to be carried out in its entirety, and tbereMe he cannot consis tently oppoae the portion of it objected to. Mr Harrap. another member of tho Marine Board, and in ill probability the momber who will be elected Master War den for 1678, is the late Mayor who in structed the Town Surveyor to proceed with the work, and Mr Harrap still remains a member of the Municipal Council. Thus we see how a very simple matter becomes complicated when dealt with by two Boards, where only one is required far the benefit of the town and port The Marine Board has never at any time stood ao high inatatusas an independent, intelligent body aa the Municipal Council. To tlie extent of two members it forma a nest for the elereiw of ministerial patronage, while the Chamber of Commerce is permitted to nominate the other ttm* members, aub, jectto the approval of tke Qovumor.io Council. The Marine Board is merely a costly excrescence- It is '.non-elective, every member of it is paid far beyond— the Master Warden excepted— the value of the duty performed. It involves the cost of a rented building and distinct establishment, when the whole of the duties could be performed far more creditably and efficiently by the municipal officers in the Town Hall. We ehall not pursue the subject any further at present, but await the decision of the Munidpsl Council, as the question will be dealt with at the weekly meeting to beheld this afternoon. Ton Mercury of Saturday last devotes a lengthy article to the subject of tele graphic extension throughout the island, and particularly points to Kewtown and other places along the main lino of wiro, which the writer thinks should bare the benefit of direct communication with the capital. Kangaroo Point, on the opposite shore of the Derwent, is another rising place which our contemporary thinka entitled to telegraphic facilities. We could name a doten other places of im portance in tho north where telegrapnio communication is very necessary, and where it might be had at vary little cost, if our telegraph department was not so wedded to its own particular system of working by the Morse instrument. That is unquestionably the best and most perfect ayatem of commu nlcation by wire yet invented, but it entails a condition which must ever pre vent its Jbeing applied in small districts, with very limited business, such as some of those mentioned by our contemporary. It requires the services of a skilled operator, which means an operator with a salary adequate to his or her skill A month or six weeks close study, at the lesst, ia required to make even a tolerably competent Morse emaUmr, end aa the position in some of our suburban districts is not likely to be a vary entidng one, frequent changes may b« looked for, and a difficulty thus arises, whloh, under the existing system, would not be easUjr over come. Butlhen is no necessity what rver for adherin, to a system of this 1 kind. An -instrument exists which is now largely, used throughout Victoria with the greatest success, end which is so simple that it may be manipulated by any intelligent school boy or eehool- girl after half an hour's instruction. Mr T. C. Just brought this instrument under the notice of Parliament early in the last session, recommending its use upon all short circuits in our tele graphic system, and especially as a means of connecting unimportant dutriets, where the business might not warrant the employment of a skilled operator. Sir Charles WheaUtone'a A.B.O. instrument is that referred to, and a full description of it will be found in a Parliamentary paper publiahed early in the session. The Colonial Treasurer promised the House that he would inquire aa to the | [suit- ability of these instruments during the recess, and we trust he will find it worth while to give them a fair trial. He has only to get a couple of them, one to fix in his own office, and one at any department — aay the Oustoms — with which he desires to be brought into in stant communication, and a day'a stork ing will convince him that Wheatetone's instrument is the very thing wanted to ensble telegraphic communication to be opened up almost anywhere throughout the colony. Don't let him be persuaded by the scientific objections of Superinten dents of Telegraphs, or telegraphic officials of any grade. Let him get a couple of instruments snd test them himself. Telegraph officials are wedded to the Morse instrument for very good snd sufficient reasons — the more mystery there I ' can. be attached to working the telegraphs the higher will be the status, and the better the pay of the staff. We should be sorry to interfere with them in regard to busy stations or on long and important circuits ; for which the Morse system is unquestionably the best, bnt if it be found desirable to connect a suburb like New Town with Hohart Town, or to bring departments together by magnetic tie, we don t aee why it should not be at once done by the ' A B.C.' of Wheatstone, by the aid of which ' he who runs may read.' Thi 'fire-eating' Berry continues to hurl his anathemas against the Legislative Council nf Victoria for having rejected the bill tor payment of members, and he challenges them to reject the Appropria- tion Bill, with the objectionable vote included, if they dare. According to our telegram in another column, Mr Berry, at a Ministerial banquet given at Beechworth on Friday night, referred to the Council as the thirty tyrants, and threatened, if they rejected the Appropriation Bill, to stop the railways, auapend the trantmia* aion of mails, and generally to bring all the functions of Government Up a BUnd etilL The DaUy Telegraph haa been punished for ita opposition, by the with drawal of all Government advertisements, and generally pnhlio affairs across the Straits do not look comfortable. The position now is this:— The Council having rejected the Payment of Members Bill, Mr Berry reverts to his original plan, and attempts to carry the item by what is to all intents and purposes a 'tack.' 'In committee of Ways and Means resolutions have .been adopted to vote £1,127,170 for the service of the year— that aum including the item of £18,260 for the payment of members for the remainder of the twelve months. On Tuesdsy last a- bill waa ordered to be brought in to apply this money, and also (to appropriate the supplies granted in this session of Parliament,' and Mr Berry aud Mr Grant appeared at the table with the measure, which was read a first time and a aecond time, aud committed pro forma without any division being called for.' The bill has been forwarded to the Legislative Council, with a message re questing that concurrence which rumor ssysit is notdestined to receive. The Leader drawa the following startling picture of the. probable effeot of the Council's action. ' The rejection by the Legists' tire Council on Tuesdsy last of the bill for the continuance of payment of mem bers Is a matter ot the gravest import. It is a proceeding fraught with tho most serious consequences to the public and private interests of the community. It portends the Council's rejection of the Appropriation Bill, which must now, in consequence of the failnre of tnis measure, include a vote for payment of members as one of its item! of the public expenditure. And what does the rejec tion of the Appropriation Bill mean t It moans tho sudden stoppage of the Govern ment supplies . It means the immediate eiaation of payment by the Government throughout the country in sll its dealings with the civil service, and all directly or indirectly engaged '.in the employment of the State. It means the destruction of individual credit, the bankruptcy ot all atruggling traders, manufacturers, and pro daeera It means suffering, misery, and Bsrhaps ruin of hundreds of families, and thousands of individuals, who have not the remotest connection with, and scarcely understand the cause of, the quarrel which brings snch disastrous consequenoee upon them. It means, in fine, the bring ing down upon the people of this country in a time of peace and prosperity of a'l the evils of a war waged within their tjrritory by a foreign enemy.' The motives actuating the Council are thus aammod up by the same writer t — ' ' It may well be asked what is the came of this elate of things. Payment of members has been the law of tho land tor the last seven ypn, with the approval and consent or the Council ; and the members of that House have to a man participated in the distribution of the money. These gentlemen and their poli tical supporters outside Parliament have heretofore commended It as a wise and politic measure, and one especially requi site for a new country situated aa this Is. What then is this chmge that has eome o'er the spirit of their dream I Payment of members, which, for tie first two Par liaments, left matters pretty much as they were previously in the poli tical representation of the people, at last produced the effect which its advocates expected fromit, and eventuated at the general election last May in the formation of a Legislative Assembly thoroughly Liberal in its charaoter. This body soon allowed by its measures, and especially by the Land Tax BUI, that H meant business. When this fact fully dawned on the members of the Legislative Council, they at onoa took Ik* alarm, and the old policy of obstruction was again resorted to, wit) something like the ?upBrsnHloos feeling of * religions aaalots For very shame's asks, indeed, rthsry had to pass Us Land 1-x| BUI ; but every other measure of the As sembly wss mutilated or rejected. It is not, however, merely to gratify a vindictive feeling against the Assembly that payment of members is rejected. It ia felt that uuleas the majority in the Assembly is broken np, the Council cannot expect to have its way in the inattor of legislation. And the moat effectual way of scattering that majority appears to the Council to be to deprive ts members of their present Parliamen tary allowance, and to force on a genaral slection— and by thus subjecting these gentlemen to great and unforeseen ex penditure, make it impoeaible for a con uderable portion of (hem to carry on an electoral contest, or prevent the Assembly being once more filled with the agents and the tools of the Council It must be remembered that there are great material interests at the present moment at atako. The present Parliament, if it is not dis solved before ita time, will have to deal with the question of the continuance or otherwise of the squatting tenure. Then the asms period is fixed for putting agri cultural settlement on a new and amended basis. And hut, though not least, cornea the all-important subject of constitutional reform. In view of all these it would appear that the Council oonsiders it to be absolutely indispensable for the success of its designs thst the Assembly, as constituted by the general elections of the Uth May hut, should be first of all disorganised, and then put out of existence. The refusal to pass the Payment of Members BUI is the first, and aa they think, the one effectual itep towards the end they have in view.' Lr Berry is very determined in reference to this vote, declaring he will carry it or perish in the attempt— most likely matters wUl be pushed to extremities, there will be a dissolution of Parliament and another general election, when the publio of Victoria will have the privilege of aaying whether they will pay their representatives in Parliament or no, Thb Melbourne jfoyiu seems to have got into sad disgrace through its inconsistency in dealing with the question of payment of members. From the first our conUm. porary'a conduct in regard to this question has been somewhat inexplicable. In 1871 and again in 1874 the Argot waa very strongly in favor of payment of members, and did much to bring about the aoupt anoe of that principle by the Legislature of Victoria. More recently, it has seen fit to oppose the principle in the strongest terms, and again to turn upon ita own arguments within a woek. On the 1st inst. our contemporary wrote very strongly against payment of members, showing that it did not prevent corrup tion, and that, in America, experience his proved 'that the higher the rate of re muneration rewarded, tho greater has been the rascality, and the more exorbi tant the demands of that large class of persons to whom politics has becoruo a regular business, and is pursued simply (? a source of profit.' oil days after, the same journal just as strongly urged the Legislative Council to pass the Payment of Members Bill, declaring that by so doing that House ' would not be making any sacrifice of principle or honor,' and ' would avoid a deadlock, earn public gratitude for its moderation, and com mand general admiration by a dignified disregard of vulgar and impotent abuse, but it will elso gain asuhstantial victory.' Inconsistency like this will not tend to raise our big contemporary injthe esti mation of the people, and we should think, must be rather [damaginj to the eause it professes to support. fitrrrxBHENT. — Oar supplement to-day contains mtaceUancous articles and poetry, Government ndvcrdsemcnU and Una sales, Penh Ilegatta, Tamar IlegatU, and miscel laneous adverttaementfl. A Phiktebb' Holidiv.— It is not often that those engaged In the issue of a news paper like the CknnieU, can avail themselves of the bolidsya usually enjoyed by ordinary mortalB, but Christmas Day fsllg fortunately tula year for the '* typos,' and we fed that we may, without injustice to the public, afford our employes a real holiday. To effect this object the Cornwall Chronu&t; will not be published on Wednesday, 2Cth Decem ber. We request our friends and the public generally to observe thiB, bo that there may be no disappointment in regard to advertise ments which should appear in Uonday's paper. Chsustiub PcBUCinona— We have re ceived through Messrs Wslch Brother! aud Birchall, the Christmas numbers of ilelbmnu Punch and the AiutraUuiait Bketchrr. The former Is a most humorous production, in almanac form of course. The Skrtcker, bcudes the usual series of engravings, has a very well executed colored engraving byway of supple ment, entitled 'A Bush Toilet.' A Broxks Leo,— On Friday last, Henry Watson, an employe of air John Fawns, met with an accident, by which he incurred a fracture of the thigh. He was assisting to lift a half hogshead of ale from a dray on to the wharf, when the cask slipped, falling u|ion the unfortunate msn's leg. Watson was taken home, and was attended by Dr. Mafion, who reduced the fracture, and placed the wounded limb in splints. The man is re ported to be progressing favorably. AKOTHEB OniLD flnBKT TO DEATH.— The frequency of accidents to women and chil dren throughout the colonies resulting in death, by that moat terrible of all means of expelling life— fire— isreallynnpalling. Only last 6unday a poor infirm old woman, agol 71 years, ni accidentally burnt to death at Young Town, and on Thursday last a fine healthy girl, about six years old, the daugh ter of Mr Lamb, one of the employes at the British and Tasmftnlan Iron Company's workB,atPortLcmprIere,wasab)OBCcidcutAlly burnt to death. Tue child hod been out playing on the beach and set fire to some . tussocks of pan. The flames from these caught ber frock, and the poor child '°» morally burnt to death before her screams attracted others to the terriUlo uxat. Were Australian statiatjolaru to sot apart a column showing the number ot deaths resulting from burning, the total in one yc&r; would scarcely be credited. It i« almost Impossible to take np any colonial newspaper without finding ttio dolaJla of (be death hj? fire of some help lesa victim— generally a haiploas woman or an innooant ohild ; and yet It is difficult to niggnt any useful practical preventive measure for the purpose of lessening the number ot then terrinlo oocunwes, Gold from Mount Cambbos Rdbv Tnr Mintko Company's Claim.— On Satur day, Mr Alexander Rsolun, the legal manager of this company, lodged In the Union Bank two sm»U oakoj -£ very nure, mid, weighing together 42os 4dwts 12gn, valqed at close on *170. This Is t)m result of oooaomlqil man agement at tho works, under the superin tendence of Hr tieoege Ranldn, mining man ager, woo collects the pM by the Judicious use of- blankets. Ne doubt similar attention would produce simitar results nt other chums, where the gold Is allowed to escape without any attempt being made to collect it The yield of gold at the Bubr Claim araragea m ounce and a half u- the ton of tin ore Walton out during the period, this sVTO worth, of gold was being obtained, Trodt Funnto ? In another column wil be found a notice from Mr a F Irvine, secretary of the Northern Fish and Game Protection Society, offering a reward of s?10 for such Information as will lead to the con vicUon of any person netting trout contrary to lew, Pmabobe Tbiw.-Oo Boxing Day the ?team tag Tamar will-leave the 'wharf si T.81 ajn. on a pleasure trip to George Town and the Heads, the proceeds in eld of the funds otUnTrraity Bandar School. We observe that the at Joseph's Band bare also an nounced a pleasure trip to the same Blsoe.ty ties*. Devon, . , , Ma. Ocoboe E. HABiur, of Bake of Aaj&tkalama.;— We find from the Omu and Murray Adartuer, of the 11th instant, that Mr. George K. Harrap, eon of Mr. Alfred Uarrap, late Mayor of Lounceston, has ob tained further promotion in the Honk of Aus tralasia. Ur. li. E. Harrap first entered the Commercial Bank, and left thia colony some three years ago to aocept a better |-osition in the Bank of Australasia. Sincclhenhehaauad considerable experience ns accountant anil acting manager in hcvernl towushipii. At Yoclt endandah, which lies I»5 miles north-east of Melbourne, he was treasurer for the Indian Famine Fund ; secretary to the Public Library, and was looked up to as a most trustworthy, honorable young man. The paper referred to above tikiles, 'The ac countant in the Bank of Australasia, Mr. Geo. E. Harrap, has received Instructions in Albary. Where Mr. Harrap's ultimate destination may be he docs not know himself, but, as we presume this means promotion, we must congratulate him. Nevertheless, we regret Mr. Harrap's departure. He has identified himself with all our uports and omusemenU— is always ready to lend a helping hand iu a good cause, and if) always kind-hearted and gentlemanly.' It is there fore evident that Mr. George E. Harrau is not only a credit to his father aud family, but to Tasmania. Robbkkv of Watched aud Jf.wkl LEBY. — Mr Summon of Hobart Town has met with a serious lost to the extent of from £G00 to £700 in gold and silver watches and jewellery. It appears that the property was deposited by Mr Busman himself on Friday night in bis hodroam at the Erlsliane Hotel. Richardson, a coach maken,' blacksmith, and who has been well-known here as a vocalist, is suspected, and he is missing. As llichardsou's name has been mentioned it may ho as well to odi that evidence has been obtained implicating him in two other thefts, one of jewellery from Mr John Crookcs In *July last when Richardson waa ?laying at the City Hotel, and the other at a very respectable house whero lUchordson lodge!. CUBIBTHA9 PCESEHTS AT BOSTON' IBOX uonobby Warehouse.— Mr Frank Hart announces that he is opening at the Boston Ironmongery Warehouse, recent importation)) of novelties, Yankee notions, and fancy and useful articles, many of them entirely new In this market. The hydraulic lift is to be in operation after to-momjw- conveying risitorti to the show rooms, which arc to be alien till 9 o'clock on Friday aud Hatunlny. Amongst the novelties arc the Lloyd com bination pen-holder, the safety extinguisher kerosene lamp, the household tool, the litt'c giant tack hammer family scissors sbnrpcucr, the empress knife polisher, the star friction mat for lighting matches, the dishwasher and potato tongs, the fruit press, the magic pic crimper and trimmer, the unique hair crimper, the champion nutmeg grater, the wide-awake can opener, the champion kerosene stove, the magic plaster, the moustache protector, the nutchlcu cigar lighter, the needle threading thimble, and a hundred other new inventions. Dickens' 'Old Curiosity Shop' is as familiar as his '? Household Words,' and Mr Frank Hart's Boston Ironmongery Warehouse is certain to become equally well knomi in Tasmania as ' The New Curiosity Buo]i.' rjniTEn Fbiekdly Societies' Demon btbatio*. — Nominations for the 440 yards handicap and entries for 160 yarda handicap closed on Friday, tritb the following result :— 440 yards, 13 nomination*, viz. : D. J. Klude, W. Johnston, W. Conway, A. J. Buotswoffi, W. E. O'BuUivan, B. Theltval), J. Uurcton, Launoeston ; O. Counsel, Piper's River ; J. Tinker and F. Self, Hobart Town ; D. Hur none, W. Smale A. Wright, Longford. IM yards handicap, 1G entries, viz. : G. Counsel, Piper's River; Jus. MeAuliffc, John McAuliffc, D. J. Fludc, H. Matthews, W. Johuston, J. W. Bradshaw, John Henley, G. W. Crooks, A. Castlcy, T. Atkinson, A. Doric*. Lmmccston ; D.Mumnnc, W. Smale, T. Pitt, Longford ; F. Self, ilobart Town. Tendbus fob £70300 Tbeawry Hills. — The Colonial Treasurer invitc9 teuden* to be received up to 12 o'clock on Friday, the 28th ioHtant, from pcrsous requiring Go vernment Treasury Bills to the amount of £70,800. A 80CVBNIB. — As some recognition of the valuable assiatonce he has received from the Town Clerk during his three years tenure of office as Mayor, the Merevry Bayfl, Mr Perkins has presented Mr Wilkiuwn with n handsome gold ring, on which is engraved tbe Masonic sign, both gentlemen being Freemasons. Cabbick IUCB'.— We would remind own ers of horses that acceptances with moncy enclosod must be made to the sccretarv of the Carrick Racing Clnb on or before Wednesday next, 19th inst., by 8 o'clock p.m. Tekdess, — The Government invite tenders up till noon to-day for supplying Ibe public service with 00 tons of Hour, 40 tons 2tl per cent, and 20 tons 12 per cent., to be de livered at tbe Campbell-street gaol, or the Government store, Kcw Wharf. Chows Lauds Sals.— Oa the 28th inst. a sale of Crown lands will be held by Mr G. 8. Crouch at the Alliance Rooms, Hobart Town, gubjc:l to the provision)) of tbe ' Act to make provision for the Alienation of the lands of the Crown at Tasman's Peninsula,' and the '? Waste Lauds Act.' The advertise ment will be found in our supplement. Ulvebstonk Races. — The programme for these annual races, to be held on Boxing Day, is published. There are five events to be competed for, vir., Maideu Mute, Ulver sone Mate, Hock Race, Novel Race, and Hurry Bkurry. Entries for the Maiden Plate and Ulventone Plate are to lie mode to tbe secretary, Mr W. K. McDonald, at the Leren Inn, on or before Saturday next Sokday School Onoi- The three Episcopalian Sunday School* celebrated their anniversary yesterday, by special services et St. John's. Triutty and Bt. Paul's Churches. At the Triuily Church tbe Rev. W. 1 1. Bavifrny preached in the morning in the un avoidable, absence, through, illucss, of the Venerable Archdeacon Hales. In the evening other duties occupied Mr Bavigny's attention, and no eervicea were, held in this church. The Rev. A. Barkway, incumbent of St. lWs Church, preached at the morning and even ins service 1. The children saug their hymns efficiently under the conductorship of Miss Masou. who also presided at the organ. Collections lumle with a view to augment the funds of the echool amounted to nearly £20. At Hl John's Church, tbe Rev. Canon DrowuriL'g preached in the morning from 1 Corinlhians iv. 2v : — ' Moreover it is required in sLewarda tUnt a maq ho found fnithlnl ' In the aftcrnoou a special ser vice was held in the saino buildlug for the edification of the scholars of the three schools, who all assembled there, and ivere neatly nrmngcl in the body of thochuroh. Special psalms, prnyen). hymns, and responses had been printed and circulated among the congregation for use- upon this occasion, and Uie Rev Canon Brownrigir delivered on ap propriate address to the young folk, taking as his text, Proverbs i. 33 :-?? Whoso hear kcnclh unto me shall dwell safely.' He potato 1 out to tbe children that hearkening to God by raeaaB of prayer and study of the bible would ensure thorn safety from the potver of the devil, from tho snares of evil men, ai)d from the loss of the will. At Ibe evening services the same preacher spoke from tho leu, Johnxxl, 16, ' Feed my lambs.' The church was crowded In the afternoon, and at the evening service many were unable to gain admittance. Special anniversary hymns were set apart for eaeh dllferent occasion, the conductor and organist being MrF. Ferguson. Tho children went through their hymns with fooling and expression, on/I In good time and tune. Collections wvro taken in the morning and evening and the sum of 436 I4a vroa obtained. Tbe unfavorable suite oftho woather In the mominc kept a large number from attending. Talcing that fact into consideration and remembering the many tnnvy onl)a made upon the pockets of tbe congregation within the but fow tvoakt, such a collection is 0, very credUablo sign. Vn. Aucjidiucoh Halks.— The Ven. Archdeacon Hales was suddenly arisen with an stuck of an old asthmatics! complaint on Friday mornlm. As ch wga of air ia the only mntnaof eotnhat'ng these attacks, the rev. mntleman left at a few houra* notice by the Derwent far Melbonrne. We hope a trip to the sister colony will have tbe desired effect of restoring him lo health. 'Rkmubkb tub Poos.'— The Secretary otlhe Dsnevolent Society notifies that the committee have decided to supply as uiual extra comforts to the poor for Christmas, and they will thankfully receive anr eontrt buttons to aid them in defraying the additional expense. ADSiriaons Qoabtx.— Mr Robert Trail, a gentleman from Victoria, returned from a vlrlttoBack Creek on Saturday, bringing vjtn htm a box of vary fine specimens of smrfferous quarts from the afoontlghtolalm. Toestouels very similar In appearance to that from the Lenra Beets, and some of lha platan en rich In the precious metal, which ia, however, ehlely la the nlpeolar easing rather than In the solid atone. The specimens will be on rlewst this otses to. Tu Ittv. Geeviis Smith, D.D.— Dr Qervase Bmlth and Mrs Smith remain the nueataof Mr Henry Recd.st Mount Pleasant. Uai evenine Dr. Kn,|ih conducted the service »l ill- l'ntrrsnn strei-t Wc-leian Church. Ill' lo li nt tlieihiireh «u. flllid, hut not rmwoVri. 'ian- rui-uibcra nf uther chnrchea in |ir.Ki'M. |-r. Smith took for Ills text Ibe 8th vrra. of tho lit chapter of ihr Ants nf the Apostles-' And ye slisll recrl-e l-i-wcr,n(ttv ttisl the Duly Gnntl Is raw. upon you, und ye shall be wltncssca uuio me both in Jerusalem and in all Judes, and In tUnwrln, nud unto the uttermost part of the ?artn.' uc pave to brier a reaiine of the lowly ytt triumphant career of tbe Sarlonr in eartli. ChrUtianit; he a-ld dated not from the birth of the Sjviuur, but from the gilt af tbe divine spirit to the apostles on the dsy at Pcutecrat. The number of members of a chur-li be hrld would not keep Christianity alive , if they had not the Holy Ghost with them thea they lud nothing to do. He pointed out that it was not the porer to work miracles whU-h made the apoatle great, but the Holy Ghost living In the man. There waa plenty nf manhlnery In lbs Chriatlnn churches of Ihe present day | he thought they had scarcely room for any ii' ore machinery, but they wanted more spirituality, and when Gi-d made the churches - better thru we should have a better world. In tbe time of the Sivlour'n walk onlurih tbe people were divided Into three classes, tbe Jem, the Simarluna, and outside those all were Gentilea. The great merit and power of Christianity was Its suitability to all. Dr. Bmlth'sstyle la marked by simplicity, sustained power, and natural eloquence, without anything approaching sensationalism In expression ormanuer, beyond malntaWng the wonderful spiritual poster Inherenrlh tbe Oospel he preaches. This evening a tea meeting Is to be held In the schoolroom, Patterson street, to welcome Dr. and Mrs Smith lo Tasmania. Un Wednesday they will proceed to Morton Col lege, remain that night, and pus on next day to llobait Town, when a committee has been appointed to make arrangement* for Dr. Smith's reception. He s to prcacn in Meinue street unurcn on Sunday evetriuir next. Yesterday morning Mr Henry R-cd prr.i-hed In the Patterson street Wealeyau Church from Kpheslaas II., 8. and in the course of the service asked for the pray era of the congremlton on be hr.lt of his son, Mr Arthur lleed, who hod liccn rccomnieuded a sea vovagu for tbu beni fit ot bis health, and who was to leant for London by the barque Berean, in charge of Captain Wyrill, for whose safely and that of the ship he also asked for the prayers of the congregation. Diktal.— In another column will be found a notice from Mr Alfred J. Ball an nouncing that he haa resumed practice at bis residence, Bt. John strut. Cant.ru.. Holtoavs.— We publish Id another column a list of Ihe tesdlng asr« chants and shopkeepers of the town who have agreed to close their respective estsbllshments on Monday, sllh Inntant, la addition to Christmas and Boxing Days. SmrBEurs or Tin.— The steamer Devon arrive I from tlic NonliWeitCoiit on Satur day, with a parcel of 47 toua nf tin from tku Mount Blschoff Company's claim. Tbe steamer Avon arrived from Mniarooma on Saturday, with 1U4S luge tin ore from the following claims:— 7 bags, Victor j 44 do, FB ; 41 do, Lothair ; 107 do, Fronie Bif er ; SI do, Tlioinai Hirer ; 93 dn, IT ; s do, Abbotsforrl ; 10 do, M; 9 do, B ; li do, KB1I; lUd\i,Sr.rin|i;6 dn, BBR; 84 do, O 4 ; 16 no, G ; SJ do, Union ; 110 do, Main Creek; 117 do, Native Youth: 03 do, All Nations ; loo do, United Natiout ; to do, Star of lioiie. Tim GovEftXoa's Cur.— The rifle con petition for the beautiful silver cup offend as a price by His Kscellency the Governor commenced on Batur.lay at the Butts, Hobart Town, and from tbe Iclejtram piilil!sht--! iUe where it will be seen tbcre was some goo! shooting. There were tweuu-ilx oouiueil tors, the 'score' being members of the Southern Hide Asaodsllon, the 'half. dozen' members of the Launeeatoa Volunteer Artillery Corp.. IVe has* mojk the rules of the match, but understand the distances are 300, 400, and 43Q yards, re(u. latlon weapons snd llvlhe positions. There are to be two competitions for tke cup, the second to come off an the Launoeston range. The first competition leaves the pritc virtually between Berteant Major Martini and Mr Westbrook, of Hoeart Tom, both of whom marked H out of a possible 81, seven shots being fired at eats. range. For the aecond prize— a anm of money— Gunner Rastlier and Mr Drake, of Hobart Town, have both acored (5 points. The shooting at the first competition waa really first claaa, avenging a fraction over If p -lnts per man. In ordinary competitions 4? to £0 would be consldrreda good awaran. The Influences of light and wind are different tin Lannceaton ground to what they are ia Hobart Town, and southern competitors will do well lo bear this In mind lu the forth, coming competition. Kaw MiLiuav Ittxvar.— A writer la the Melbourne Uidtr thus alludes to Ike new head dress for the Brltlih army:— '? There is no accounting for tastes. A new head dress has been adopted in the Britiah army, anil is to be uaed from the beginnua of next month In place of the. old shako uS busby. A sample of the helmet baa been sent to a volunteer oBccr In Victoria, sat those who saw It, it is stated, are loud la their praises of It, and hope ere loof sose* It introduced into our local force. -It Is somewhat of the same shape as ihe helsara worn by the police.1 Perhaps our dvlo defenders may feel leu keenly the ridicules* appeataice they present It tkey And tke volunteers condemned to turn out In the earns style. ThlB appears 10 be a case of levelling down In the way of costume, ' A Splekdid Seleotioh of English, Irish, Scotch, end Continental fancy goods, suit able for presents, are now for sale at Bichard Gee's Boole and Stationery WsRhouse, Cen tral Charles street. They consist of mother or (Karl goods, fancy basket ware, croquet, spa goods, fans, Bohemian Klaaswexe, ink stands, paplor nacbic goods, Xnuu and New Year's oards, Tunbridge desks and boxes, card cases, card baskets, albums fall *lndl), rrioccu Beatrice baskets, glove and hants kerchief boxes, snow storms, Victoria. eabK nets, ladies' companions, trinket boxM,smell« ing bottles, ladies' and gents' dreaunr cases, gift books, family and pocket Bibles, t«v books— new styles— and a thousand otter useful articles. Also two cases auMohUne ware direct from, the manufactory, wtoich are the prettiest and moit useful presents ever Introduced Into Launceslop. Note the addresi — UiouAitp Gee, Cluuta «trect.-^ADVT.] TttRABUBE Tbove.— Kot the old oak caht. net this tlmo— Found, 1 scrip of a Colonial. Bank and I ot a Public Institution. Legiti mate inquiries only responded to. Inqiire of J, Sikcuue, Charles street— [Adit.} 