Consecration of Trinity Church, Fortitude Valley. THIS church, of which we gave a description in our last issue, was formally opened on Satur- day afternoon, when the usual evening prayers were said, the sermon being preached by his Lordship Bishop Hale. Yesterday morning the edifice was consecrated, according to a special form of service appropriate to the occasion. Every available seat was occupied, and numbers of persons wero unable, until several forms belonging to the schoolhouse were brought in, to find more than standing-room, the total number of those present being upwards of 1000. Shortly after eleven o'clock, Bishop Hale, attended by the Revs Messrs. Mahalm and Smith, arrived at the main entrance of the church, and were there met by the Rev. James Love, the incumbent, attended, by Messrs. Gibbon and Wybern, churchwardens, and the following petition was read : To the Right Rev Mathew Blagdon Hale, D D., of divine commission, Bishop of Brisbane. The petition of the undersigned respectfully showeth that for many years the parishioners 0f Fortitude Valley have worshipped in a building used both as a school and a church. This edifice, never well suited for a church, has become too small for the requirements of the parish, and the parish- ioners at considerable cost have erected a spacious and elegant building, and they now request you will dedicate it to the blessed Trinity to be called Trinity Church, so that it may never be claimed as private property, alien- ated from sacred uses, nor appropriated to any purposes dishonoring to God, but that for the present and for all time it may be a temple wherein our children and our children's children may worship Almighty God, according to the teachings of His Holy word and the ritual of the Catholic Reformed Church of England. And your peti- tioners as in duty bound will ever pray (Signed) JAMES LOVE, Incumbent A. R. ROGERS, ) R. GILLESPIE, J. ROBINSON, S. RIDING, His Lordship replied :-Mr. Love, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Wyborn . It gives me very great pleasure to be ahle to come here to-day to comply with your request. The Bishop and ottending clergy then pro- ceeded up the main aisle to the communion table, und the consecration service was proceeded with. At the close of this portion of the cere- mony the Bishop delivered to the incumbent the foUowing certificate . This ia to certify that this church-to be henceforth designated and known as the Church of the Ever Blessed Trinity, 'Fortitude Valley-is now consecrated and set apart forever from all profano and common nies, and is dedicated to the worship and service of the ever bleesod Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. (Signed) JIATIIEW B HALE, Bishop of Brisbane July 22,1877 The prayers being concluded, his Lordship preached from the lesson of the morning, 1 Bungs, viii, 22-62, and in his prefatory re- marks said that it hod not been cus- tomary in England to consecrate churches the building debt on which had not been extin- guished, but that the circumstances of the eulo nies frequently rendered it desirable that this regulation should not be carried out. He hoped to see the parishioners enterinto some systematic and methodical scheme for the extinguishment of the debt on the church within a given period. At the conclusion of the sermon the usual offertory was made, after which a large propor- tion of the congregation left the church, and the Holy Communion was administered to thoBe who remained. His Excellency the Governor, Miss Kennedy, and suite were present at the consecration service. There was a very efficient choir, and the psalms and hymns were well sung. Mr. Vidgen pre- sided at the organ. In the afternoon and even- ing the church was again filled, the sermon in the afternoon being preached by the Rev. J. R. Zillman ; that in the evening, by the Rev. R. Mahalm. 