FICTION. (aTram B«g»'thi itra.rleaa, aad omer Furlodseiüa. THE MYSTEEY OF ATHERSTONE GRANGE. Chapter X11. 6TBICKEN DOWN. But hashed be every thought that springs From out the bitterness of things. -Wordiworth, " Oh, don't mind mo," Mr. Athcratone re- plied. " My business oan Wait & few minutes. I am in ne hurry." " Thank you," said the lawyer, taming over the papers with a rapid hand. " I won't keep you long. Hero, Turner, answer this, and send the boy over to Charnford's about that bill of . sale." ') Very good, sir." The clerk closod the door, and the lawyer went on 'slitting each envelops with a thin paper knife, and mastering tho contents of each at a glance, as it seemed The squire watohed him dreamily, thinking angrily and bitterly of tho business ho had come there about, and admiring the orderly way in which eaoh successive document was either con- signed to the waste paper basket, or folded neatly and laid aside for furthor consideration. At length ho came to one at the post-mark of which he looked attentively. " Birmingham," be mattered under his breath ; " and addressod to me. What's going on, I wonder. I'vo seen that hand before on one of the forbidden letters." Which ho had Mr. Whiffin had twice di- rected a letter to the Grange, tbinkiog that a étrange hand might ensure them being opened It was many yoars ago now, but the lawyer had one of those unerring memorias wbioh are some- times snob, a boon to their posBCBSors, and a terror to ovcryono oleo. . Ho hastily opened the envelope, and the cer- tificate of the doath of Leonard Athcrstone fell out. Ho picked it up with a startled exolama iion he could not repress, and his client looked np. " What is it ?" ho asked. " Something I should have had a month ago." "Bad news, I fear.'' "Not for me. It oonoerns yon more nearly, Mr, Athcrstone." * " Me !" « Just BO " " Ab, another letter, I suppose, directed to you as a subterfuge! I won't answer it, Car eon, not a line, though they sont one by every post in the twenty-four hours for a twelve- month " " This lotter requires no answer." " How so." "It is merely an official dooumont, Mr. Atherstono. Your son will never inherit the Grange, nor mourn in his empty home his lost inheritance. You will bo spared any reproaches from him for all time to ooma; and the knowledge that ho is walking the earth in poverty, a living momonto of your injustice and cruelty, need troubie you no moro " " What do you moan, Carsop 1 Are yon going mad ?" " No, I never was wiser. I em Bpeaking too strongly, perhaps, but in aoy matter whore your son was oonoorned I have always felt strongly, 4gj you know " " I do not understand you. What haB hap pened ? What ia that paper ?" " It speaks for itself," returned tho lawyer, Handing it to the êquiro. " You need bo in no hurry a sign that will now " PerhapB Mr Atherstone guessed what it was, and was prepared in somo way for its perusal He turned his face away, and his hand did not quiver in the lea6t as ho road the announcement of the death of his only ohild He had been dead a month, and ho bad been thinking of him with bitterness and reproaoh inhishoart while lie was lying cold in his gravo. Mr Carson busied himself with his other papers, that his client might read the bitter news unobserved When he looked np he was alarmed at the ghastly pallor of his faoe, and hurriedly went to his Bide. " You are ill," he said " No, it is nothing," was the reply, in a husky, broken voioo. " It was the surprise, the shook, that waa all. As you say, there is no hurry to sign that paper now. If you have sent for your old lady, send her back for the present. You .vb.ave not told Mrs Carson, I presume ?" ."Mrs. Carson never bears anything about 'office matters, nnless they immediately conoern ber," the lawyer replied. He did not live in Bath-street. An elderly widow woman kept tho house there, and cleaned the offices. The lawyer's house was in the Boyal Crescent, and a very moe, well-appointed hooee it waa. " Ah, thon you needn't sty anything to her. Keep the will. I shall have to revise it. I may think of some fresh way ia whioh to get 1 the guardianship of the child. I'll go homo now. This has shaken me a little." " Let me send for your horse ?" "No, I'd rather be alono. I want to be alone," said the squire, with a meaning look on bia face whioh showed that be was not all heart lesB. " My groom is at the Boyal. Good morning Oh, Carson !" " Sir." "You may as well write to those people, and get all particulars. I don't feel equal to it my- self " " I'll do it at once. I wish you would let me walk with you, £quiro; you look sadly shaken " " No," was the iraßoible answer, and Mr. Car- son was fain to let him go. He felt very uneasy, as he remarked his tottering gait, and dull, dazed look. *' It has knocked him over, that's a faot," he said to himself. " He looks as though he would have a fit, or something. Someone ought to follow him. Jmusn't, andme'd know the olerk. It's a long waikato tbe^Boyal from here. Ah, I have it 1" . . \ ^s \ v He opened the window and called, " Diok ! Dick, I say !" and a bright-faced lad, offourteen or thereabouts, with a satchel of books over his shoulder, looked up from the other Bide of the street. "Yes, papa." "I've just oaught, you in time, my boy. Come here." - The boy scampered across tbe street, and his father went down to meet him. " Give me your books," he said, " and go up the street till you overtake Mr. Atheratone He's gone to the Boyal Hotel, and wouldu't let me go with bim, or tbe clerk either. I'm afraid he's ill, and I want to be sure he's safe Go after him, and find out whether his servant ia there, and if he's all right. I'll make it all right with the mater if you will keep your dinuer waiting." The boy sped off, and his father returned to his desk. " I'll write at once," he thought. " Maybe he'll, come back, and want to see the letter. Let's see, who am I to write to ? These people flit about so, there is no knowing whether they aro there now. Ah, the manager will be the man! What's his name? Oh, Masters, I re colleot? He'll do On my word, that Delphine woman has a deal to anBwer for. If it hadn't been for that sarape this marriage of poor Leonard's would havo been forgiven long ago. I wonder what has beoome of her, tho black eyed oat. 1Sho was very pretty, if her portraits were like her " After a little consideration, he sat down and wrote : " 21, Bath street, Leamington, September 30 l8 " Mr. Masters. " Sir,-I should be much obliged for any informa- tion you can give me about the last illness and decease of Mr. Leonard Atherstoue, whose wife, formely Miss Beryl Joyce, is or was a member of your company. The father of the deceased gentleman, Pierce Átherstone, Esq., of Atheretone Grange, re- ceived the intelligence to-day for the first time, though it would appeir that the demise took place more than a month since. 1 "I shall be glad of any particulars, which please forward to me, at the above addresB. t " We should bo glad to know whether the widow is still in Birmingham. " Awaiting your reply, " Believe me, yours faithfully, , '" Richabd Carson. | "-Masters, Esq., Theatre Royal, Birmingham." . Ho folded the letter, and put it in the raok for the post, aud then sat down to wait his eonY | return, . .., ^ " So this is the end of it all," he musrd "No heir to Athcrstone Grange but'an actress's child, after all. Parbaps it would be as well to let him sign the will, and let the money go to the old blood. The others can sell them tho plaoo whon they como into poBsetsion of it, r.nd then thero'U be an end of the connection alto gather. Bless mc ! I'm looking ahead into the nest generation, when all old fogies like mo will be under the turf. Master Diok should be back by this time. Ah, hero he is. I ought to know the siam of that door." The outer door had been flung violently open, and then pushed to with a bang that shook tho house from top to bottom, and in another moment the boy was in the room, flushed and breathless. "Come, papa; oome quick!" he gaBped, soaroe able to speak. " Come where ?" " To tho hotel," " What for ?" "He's dying" " Who ? Mr. Athorstone ?'» . "Yes." " Nonsense !" said the lawyer pulling on his ooat as he spoke, and picking up his hat. "Who told you so?/' "They all say so, papa. Dr. Burgess is there, and a lot of people.. I caught him up before he got there, and went after him. I thought he was drunk, for he was tumbling about and talk- ing to himself, and when be got iuto the past-age be just foil down flat on his faco I told Dr Burgess I would fetoh you, and ho told me to rua, or it might be too late. And I did run, too," added the lad, with a boy's doljgbt in an achievement, "all the way from the Royal to Bath Street iu tiro minutes and a half. Not bad, was it, dad ?" " No, indeed, Diok, and now run onoa more and tell your mother why you aro so late, and | whore I am gone to. I nuy not be home till late I shall have to go to the Graneo, Icxpcof Dear, dear, I was afraid of something of the | sort " i Dick hardly used too strong a word when he ' said dying. It was more like a oorpso than | anything else that the terrified employé* of tho hotel lifted from the floor, andjaid upon a couch ' in tho nearest room. The doctor tbe boy bad I spoken of was Mr. At honour's own menioil mun, who lived not a store's throw from the Royal, and, happening to b> at home, was on the spot in a v«.ry few minutes\ i " Paialysis," he said, unhñsi|¡at'mgly, when ho looked at his patient, "He 'must have had some Bhook" By tho time the lawyer arrved the patient was becoming ooneoious. Ojo leg and arm were powerless, and there was a slight contraction of the musoles of the face. Not enough to prevent his speaking, though the voice was thiok and dull They oould not oatoh «hat he said at first, but tho tones grew more distinot after a few minutes, and he moaned out Leonard's name " Oh, my boy ! my boy !" Tbe doctor looked enquiringly at the lawyer, and Mr. Carson drew him aside, and told him what had happened " ' ' " I was afraid of this when he left the office," he said. " He wouldn't lot anyone como with him, so I Bent Diok after him." ." Ay, I wondered to see the youngster up here at this time. So that poor young fellow ia dead, is be ? What a sad thing 1" " Yea, very. What aro you going te do ? Can Mr. Athcrstone go home?" " I should say decidedly not. Thoy must make him a bed up here, and send for Mr. Athcr- stone of Lillington and his wifo He may rouse and get better, but I oonfess I think it doubt- ful." ' But the squire refused point blank to bo put to bed, or dootored, at the hotel. " Take me home !" he pleaded. " Take me home ! Let mo die at the Grange !" He grew so terribly ezoited about it that the dootor resolved to fcniove him. So a small bed was pat into a comfortable carriage, and they managed to lift bim into it, with the dootor and lawyer to support him. The servant wai des- patched at full gallop to prepare the housekeeper, and to tell the reotor, and then they set out. The motion of the carriage made the patient so faint, that the two who were with him tbonght moro than ones that it was a oorpse they held between them, bat he rallied when they reached the Grange, and was sensible and oolleoted again by the time they had plaoed him in bed in his own room. The gay party assembled in the house began most of thom to make basty preparations for departure, and, by the middle of the next day, the house was empty of all save the reotor and his wife, and Mr. Carson, who had ridden over early to see how mattera stood. The dootor's report was favourable. Mr. Atherstone would certainly reoover, he thought, at any rate for a time ; but one stroke of paralysis was generally the preoursor of others, and, if any shook oame to distress him, it would most surely ensue. "He'll bave no more sbooks from that quarter," Mr. Carson remarked. " There will only be remorse to worry him now." " And he is feeling it," said the dootor. " It is pitiful to hear him murmur his son's name as he does. What a fatal pieoc of severity it has been." Remorse was a mild word to express what Pierce Atherstone was really feeling as he lay on his sickbed. He would have given all he was worth-tho whole world if he had it-to have boen able to look into his dead son's face ODCO more ; to see the frank eyes that always mot his with suoh fearleas honesty ; to press the lithe, warm hand, whose very clasp seemed the grip of a generouB heart. But it was not to bo And ho writhed and moaned in impotent anguish, as he moaned out the hopeless words. And yet, with all his agony for his dead son, bia heart did not soften one jot towards Beryl, or grew more human towards his little grand- child. If be could got hold of her he would have her properly brought up, he thought, but that was all. There was no wish to see her, no enquiry after her welfare. He was very im- patient for an answer to the lawyer's letter, and extremely irritable and angry wbon two posts elapsed before it arrived. When it did, ho grew less restless, and finally dropped the subjeot of his son's wife altogothor, and desired the Jawyor to mention her no more Mr. Masters informed bis correspondent that Leonard had died of consumption, on the date named, and that he had wanted for no comfort aud luxury that money oould buy in his last moments. The manager added that he was awaro of the oiroumstanccs of Mr. AtherBtone's marriage, and hoped Mr. Carson would inform the squire of the love and devotion of the de- spised lady. She was very oomfortably provided for for the present, ho informed the lawyer. She had gone to Melbourne, with her ohild and hor foster-father, to fulfil a most lucrative engage- ment, and would be found, if wanted, at the Theatre Boyal, in that oity. Chapter XIII. AFTER MANY YEARS. The baby finger of the giant mass Oí things to come. . -bhaXesiiCare PieroB Atherstono rallied as mon will rally from the very edge of the gravo, and, by tho time that the New Year chimes were Bounding from the belfry of Lillington Church, and men's hearts wero full of good wishes for odo another, and of plans and projects for tho year that lay before them, he was onoe more sitting by his library fire, and moving about the old house in his aooustomed fashion. More feebly than before, and with thinned and whitened hair, and a furrowed faoo that told how tha blow had struck, but with no trace of sorrow in bis manner and voice. Mourning was ordered for the servants, and notices of the death of tho heir'of the house were sent to various papers, sotting outsiders wondering at this sudden announcement of the death of a man who had been for weeks in the grave; and oards, and visits of sorrowing oondolenoo, but real curiosity, carne thiok and fast to the Grsneo The latter were received by the reotor and his wife, who spent most of her time in their oousin's house while ho lay ill, and who vouchsafed no information wbatovor about Leonard's death Mr. Atherstono had heard of it suddenly, aiid tbe shock had upsst him, was all ho told any- one; and by tbo time tbo squire was able to seo bis friends himself the ouriosity had somewhat dil d away. As soon as he thought it prudent, Mr. Carson introdnoed tho subject of the letter ho had received. His olient heard of it without any apparent emotion, and discussed it with perfect calcinées. " You think it is true. I suppose ?" he said ; " and that this woman and her ohild have roally gone abroad ?¿' j " It is quito true. I have been to Birming- ham, 'and verified all the faots. I have seen your son's grave, and the tablet his wife has r-rcotcd to bia memory. But, pardon me, perhaps you would rather Ij.did not speak of these things." \ _ V " Go on, Carson", nothing you can say can affect, me now. I should like to near all you havo done " "I made every onquiryl possibly could about Mrs Atborstone, and I have heard but one opinion of her. I think, in adopting the oourse you bave followed, you have lost, not only a soo, but a good, off otiooate daughter, one who would have been a oomfort to your deolining years, and a oredit to your name and house. You mue t forgive me if I speak too plainly. You asked to know all." " I do. Pray go on with your raptures Dosy't forget that this aotreas, this painted puppet, robbed me of my only Bon, and made the end of my life lonely and wretched - Ia that part of her marvellous goodness ?" Standing face io faoe with death had not taken an iota of the bitterness out ofPieroe Atberstono's heart, though it had robbed, bim of tho power of showing it, maybe, and-jie went on " What elie did J où hoar' of this paragon, Carson ? This shining light of ker moat honour- able calling ?" " Simply that she was a good wife, and tender mother; an honest-hearted, honourable gentle «oman, keeping herself pure and stainless in her walk through life, and bringing up your grand- child to follow in her footsteps." " Ay, to go upon the stage She has begun early. She is an infant prodigy, I hear, a baby star ! Bah ! My grandchild ! An Atherstone ! It makes me sick to think of it. Go on, if you have anything else to say." " Anything that I oan say will make but little impression on you ; but I heard more, and from those who know it to be true. I heard that but for his wife's efforts your son would have died long before, for want of the actual neoeBsarieB of life, Mr. Atherstone. Her love and devotion kept him alive at a time when it seemed as though Heaven itself were deaf, and there was no siiocôur anywhere You will do well to re- member the cxistenoo of these two, squire. They are the nearest kindred you baye io tbe world." " I am not likely to forgot them, Carson," the old man said, bitterly. " I am feeble and help- less now, and foroed to listen to all you obooso to say. Have you done ?" " I have nothing more to tell yon, except that they are really gone to Melbourne and nothing ia said about their return. The engagement offered to Mrs.. Atherstone was a very good one, and ber foster-father counselled her to take it, and is gone with ber." " Theo let as drop the subject, please, at once and for ever. It is only another page turned in the history of my life. The hours are getting few now." | " But your will ?" " I will sign it when it is necessary. The dootors assure me I shall get ah.nt again now, and when I am quite well I shall have some trifling alterations to make. I shall not alter the money points in any way. Let this uoplea sant subjeot die, Carson. I have had enough of it" And as far as Pierce Atherstone was concerned it did die. He never opened his lips again to speak of his dead son, or of the loving kindred he had left behind. But time passed away, and the will lay unaltered and neglected in the lawyer's strong-box, and Beryl Atherstone, at tbo Antipodes, was growing from a lovely child into a beautiful and talented young woman. Norton Atherstone and his family were to be the squire's heirs, that faoc was talked of every where, and believed by all but the lector himself. Ho bad made up his mind, that oome what would, the rightful owner of his cousin's wealth should have it when the time caine, and he never allowed his family to forget that there waa a nearer relative thau themselves, to whom the moneyjhey heard so muoh about would come. The*engagement at Molbourno to which Beryl and her child had so suddenly gone turned out a very good one Tho good people- of Australia had not forgotten Beryl Joyce, and welcomed her back with open arms. Her position was as- sured at onoe, and for several years she remained in Melbourne, following her profession, and pro outing the best education ehe could for her child. She never allowed her to forget that she was a lady, and she brought her up with tho manners aod habits of one ; not with any thought of her ever mixing with her father's friends-for tho very remembrance of their connection with Ather- stone Grange began to grow dim as years wore on-but from a sense of duty, and the knowledgo that the more thoroughly Beryl was eduoated the greater would be her chanco of suooess in her profession. She had not allowed her to wear herself out with work as a ohiid, as many parents of olever children do, thereby making their ohildren stupid nonentitiea for the rest of their lives She bad only allowed her to tuko short engage- ments now aod then, just to keep her familiar with the world behind the scenes. Moro than one oifor of marriage carne to her in her now career, for she was young, clover, and attractive still, butsho turned a deaf ear to them all ; '-he world had never hela any man for her since the one sho had loved and lost. For the tuture ßbo would live only for her ohiid, and well and dutifully her daughter repaid her love and tenderness. _ . So theHwo, with Mr. Whiffin, beginning to grow old now, lived on together, and took many engagements, after Beryl the younger left school, and made money and prospered exceedingly. The pretty girl, with her fresh, fair face, ber pure stylo, and her unquestionable talent, made a tremendous suooess, and engagements poured in from allquartera. India, New Zealand, Japan even, all furnished managers eager to secare the new aclress, and Beryl became quito a traveller. In New Zealand they lost thoir father and friend. Mr. Whiffia sucoumbed to a severe fk of fever and ague, and was laid in the little ohurohyard at Dunedin. Then Beryl and her daughtor went baok to Melbourne, resolved upon settling there. Some- how they dreaded England, it had been a land of sorrow to the older lady, and ho child was too young to have formed aay lasting attachments there. All their friends were in the southern hemisphero, <Bery! had made a sue oessful beginning to her career in Australia, and she herself had a fair opening as a teacher of reading and elocution. So it was settled Mrs. Athcrstone would give up the stage and reside in Melbourne, and Bgryl follow her profession. She was ¿bout eighteen when her mother oame to this resolution, Mjd endorsed it with all her heart. N-. "I don't remember much about England now, mamma," she said; "and what I do reoolleot wasn't very, nice, I think. I would rather stay in Australia." Beryl did remember a fow people in England, and spoke of them often. Good naturcd Mr. Masters, who had been sor kind to her, and Mrs Jarvis, she recollected perfectly, and one or two others, bat she had no wish to go back She bad grown into a very lovely girl Hor child- ish beauty had developed without altering in oharacter Her faoo wá/s lees round than of yore, and her figure had developed into womanly perfection. Hor hair «as -the sn'me glossy golden brown as when shawns a child, and was very lovely in its warm luxuriance The colour of her eyes had deepened in tint till tbey looked almost blaok at timos, and alto gether Beryl Atherstone was raved about by the youths of the colony, as the eighth wonder of the world. Cheap photographs had not begun to inundate the shop windows in the days of our story, or the portrait of the Australian aotresB might, have found its way to London, and figured among the unclad women who call thomsclves'actresses,-and exhibit their limbs and their shamelessness in pbotograpbio studios If suoh a thing had been, and the portrait of pretty Beryl Atherstone been a thing easily I come by, the future destiny of the original, I might have been materially different. Beryl's was a happy,innooent life ; her future seemed a bright one, and no thought of Ather- stone Grange, or the possibility of its ever com- ing to her, ever entered her mother's head. If Leonard had ever told her that the old house muatoomo eventually to Berjl, she had misundor stood him, or forgbtten the faot ; her idea was that the old squire oould leave it to whomsoever bo oboBe. As to the girl, herself, she know no- thing about it She had heard of her grand- father, and that was all j and she was looking forward to a future in whioh dreams of the old Grange had no share. f Already there had atme to her the sweet dream which " makoB earth seem heaven," when it comeB in the first flush'of youth and happiness. The son of the manager 'pi the theatre, a young man of much promise ana good expectations, bad already confided to Mrs Àthersone that he loved her sweet daughter, and she had promised oondi tionally that she would ¡not say him nay if he continued in the same mind till Beryl should be twenty-one, They wire both very young, and oould afford to wait * Allan Temple was a well-educated, gentlemanly young man, with means besides what carne from the theatre. His mother had had money, aod married the handsome aotor who now held the reins of management in Melbourne, for love. She had been sensible enough to take caro of her own interests, and had so disposed of the money whioh was absolutely hers that it oould not be lost in any unsuccessful speculation Her son was independent, but liked the pro- fession, and followed it for its own sake. Such was the state of affaira when Mrs. Ather- stone and her daughter returned to Melbourne, after Mr. Whiffin'a death. They had no house, but intended to take one, and in the meantime looked about for a comfort- able plaoo to board for a time. Mr. Temple recommended them to a house, newly-established, not far from the theatre, kept by a MrB Dalton. " She hails from Now York," he said ; " and lins only just come, but her place is beautifully clean and well-appointed. There's a little of tho the Grand Duchess about her, but you won't mind that " Mrs. Atherstone laughed and took the oard, whioh set forth that Mrs. Dalton was prepared to receive boarders at a reasonable rato, who would find in her house all the comforts of a home. I5 It was all that Mr. ¡Temple had described it-a roomy, olean house, with a largo garden, and Mrs. Dalton herself was a decidedly lady like woman, dressed simply, but with grca-, taste, and with the m aimers, as the manager had said, of a duchess. 'She was tall and grace- ful, and her hair, whioa was snowy white, was brushed back from her forehead over a small roll, in a fashion vory enoommon at the period of our tale, when plain) bandeaux were all the range A oap of gofid'laoe, and becoming pattern, surmounted the white hair, and a dainty ruffle of the same finished her black dress at the throat. Altogether a striking-looking person was Mrs Dalton) " I prefer not to take» ladies, if I can help it," abo said " I have not a large number of servants, and my accommodation is intended for gentlemen only." \ " I hope you will lay^aside your soruples in our favour," Mrs. Atherstone said, " Mr. Temple assured as of suoli oomfortable quarters in your house that we shall be sadly disappointed if you cannot take us in *? " Mr. Temple is very kind. I should like to obligo him, but-" Á " Perhaps you object t$ the profession ?" Mrs Dalton laughed Í u I object !" she exolaiined. " Oh, dear, no Why should I? But yoii do not look like pro- fessional ladies." ' " Wo are," Mrs. Athorstone repliod, with a smile, " and pretty well ^nown, too. This is Míbs Athelstone of the Theatre Eoyal, and I was Miss Beryl Joyce. I don't think I am quito forgotten on tho boards yet, but I am going to give it up mys^'f, and leavo all the triumphs for my child. I hope you will find room for us, Mrs Dalton.jf A strange expression hjad oomo over the faoe of the lodginghouse keeper, as Mrs. Atherstone spoke, and she stared curiously at Beryl. " No wonder the face puzzled me," Bho mur mured to herself " Arc you any kin to Pierce Atherstone, of the Grange, in Warwickshire ?" sho asked. " We are," said Mrs. Atherstone, wondering. "My daughter is' his grandchild. I am the widow of his son. You know the name, thoa ?" " Yes, and I know Pierce Atherstone," was Mrs. Dalton's reply. 'Come io, madamo; I will find room for you, for the sako of those old times, and the Atherstone name." Chapter XIV. AT REST. My mother, when I learnt that thou wast dead. Say, wast thou conscious of the tears I Bhed? -Cowper. There was a strange fascination for Mrs Atherstone and her daughter in the appearance and manner of this singular-looking woman, and they walked into the little parlour she showed thom to with an odd idea in both their minds that they had seen her before. They were wrong chey bad never met her-never heard of her, though Atherstorje was a familiar name to her, and was olosely linked with most important periods of her life. "It is strange to meet anyone here that knows our name," said the elder lady " Are you a Warwickshire woman, Mrs. Dalton, that you know the GraDge?" "No; I have seen the place, that is all. tMsy I ask you and this young lady what yon aro- come to be at the Antipodes ? Id thorp an elder son at tho Grange? I have not been in England for moro than thirty years, so know nothing." " My husband was Mr Atherstone's only son, 3Jrs Dalton-my child is the only descend ant of the old gentleman ; but we are unacknow- ledged kindred, hated with a bitter hatred, I am told, because of our profession Ho would not thank anyone who befriended us." " Ay, ay ; I understand," said the old lady " All aotresses aro alike wioked in his eye'. You are welcome to Agnes Dalton's house The young lady is Uko you, but she has the Athor stone eyes and a look of her grandfather when he was a young man " " Her father always said so. There are somo family portraits at the Grange that he said she very much resembles. He used to think that Beryl would grow op like his mother; but the resemblance seemed to fade as she grew up " " And well for her that it did," said Mrs Dalton fieroely. "Your daughter would have made a poor show ea the stage if she had been like Margaret Atherstone, a spiritless, baby faoed doll, who died, I verily believe, because «he hadn't vitality enough in her to keep alive -an apathetio nonentity 1 Oh, I'm not mad, Mrs. Atherstone; but when I think of what men will forsake and desert'for the sake of such inanimate creatures, it seems to me as though the world wero all money, somehow, and-" "And you won't right it with bullying, grannie, dear," said a fresh young voice, and a pretty girl, o( about Beryl's ago, tripped into the room. " Why, I've been waiting ever at» long to show these ladies to their rooms, and here you aro airing a grievance What particu- lar one ia it ? Grannie always has a grievance," she went on with a smile. " Are the lattes going to stay, dear ?" , /m " Yes, ursula. Show thom tojfto 6 Mrs. Atherstone looks tired. We oanItalie every- thing after she has rested " Atherstone !" repeated'the girl impulsively. " Miss Atherstone, the aotross ?" " Yes, my dear," said Beryl's mother, with a smile " The very same." The young girl looked at them with a de- lighted faoe. ^ " I'm so glad," she said. " I've seen you act, and you're splendid. We never* have anyone here bat old fogies, and I oan't boor waiting on them. I shan't mind waiting on you." " Mrs. Atherstone won't relish your atten- dance if you behave like that," M<-g. Dalton aaid in a sharp tone, but with a look of tender- ness in her eyes that belied any scolding that her tongue might utter. "You must exouce her, madame. She ia my right band, is Ursula ; but abo ia a spoiled ohild, and apt to be brusque " " le would be hard not to forgive her," Mrs.' Atherstone said, pleasantly. " Ia she your daughter, Mra Dalton." "My granddaughter. Ursula, show the ladies upstairs," the old woman said, in a tone that preoluded any further questioning, and Ursula went demurely enough. The apartments were in every way suitable, and Mrs. Atherstone agreed to take them for a considerable time, and by night they wero com- fortably installed. "What are you thinking of, Beryl?" asked Mrs. Atherstone suddenly, when they werqjqfo paring for bed. " You have been in a -bmra study for the last quarter of au hour. What ia it about?" " Ursula Rhodes, mamma " " What about her ?" "I hardly know. Her face seems quite to haunt mo It's like Boeing a ghost." " Whose ghost?" " Papa's." " Beryl !" " It ie, mamma. My eyes must be bewitched, I think-have a glamour over them, or some- thing-for every time I look at her faoe, I seem to sea his. Her hair is not like his-it's more like yours ; but the rest of her face is horribly like " " My dear ohild, what a notion ?" said tfce mother, with an outward smile, but an inward shiver, for she, too, had seen the curious likenoss, and itiad set her thinking. " Urania Rhodes is merely a pretty girl, with eyes like your poor papa, and hair somewhat resembling mine; that is all. The rest is a stretch of your imagina- tion." They had heard all about Ursula Rhodos by this ti ruc. She was the orphan ohild of Mrs. Dalton's only daughter, who had married very young, and had died whoa she was bom Her father, too, was dead, having been killed accident- ally ia some works where he waa employed, ia I America, and the infant orphan waa thrown ' upon her grandmother's hands, who brought ber up with the passionate love and devotion which women sometimes show to the seoond generation when they have been chary of it to the first. And Mis. Dalton had been by no means an affectionate mother to her daughter Sybil, but had troated her with a stern coldness, whiob. seemed to arise from the fact that sho was " the image of her father," as she was told daily. Mrs. Dalton would seem to have had small re- spect for her dead husband, for no ono ever heard her speak of him, and her ohild had not the elightcst recollection of him. It was gener- ally supposed, among those who knew the grave, silent woman iu after yoars, that Mr, Dalton, whoever ho might bo, had been a " bad lot," and that his widow was not proud of bia momory Mrs. Atherstone thought over what Beryl had said, and a strango, uneasy- feeliog grew up in her mind ubout Ursula Rhodes. There was the likeness, certainly. Sometimos it seemed as if she were looking at Beryl's double when she looked at her-a coarser Beryl, with bluo eyes -oh, so like the Athcrstones ! even in that feature. And yot the girls wore not alike if their faces were compared. Beryl's likeness to her father's family was all in feature. Though she resembled her mother in expression, at times thoro would come into her faoe such a look of Leonard that her mother's heart would aohe with a keen pang for the husband wbo had laia in his far-away grave so many weary years. Ursula Rhodes resembled the Athcrstones also in shapo of feature-a chance likoocss doubt« less, but odd ; and Mrs. Atherstone made some slight remark upon it one day lo her grand- mother.' A curious expression oamo over Mrs. Djlton's faoe. " Chanoe, of oourse," sho said. " Nature playa f orne strange, pranks sometimes." ¿^ " Is sbo like her father ?" Ä# " No, except that she haa blonde bair, tifa ? was a German, with tho national characteristics very strongly marked. I am happy to say none of them have descended to tho daughter save the one. My Ursula is the living imago of bor mother, and people usod to tell me that Sybil was beautiful." "Her ohild is," Mrs. Atherstone repliod, aüd was right. Ursula Rhodes was very beau.iful, mo: e beautiful than Buryl even ; but it was wil h a sort of " beauté du diable" that was at times almost rcpellant in its nature. She was a verv fairlv-oduoiferl mr!. \- - _ ,~.J -'J "».-"»"» gi.«, with great natural quiokness, aud a quiok ob- servance of all that passed around her. In Bpito of the strange, weird likeness whioh had puzzled Boryl so muoh, tho girls took a great fancy to one another. Beryl had not been thrown muoh into the sooiety of young people of her own age, and Ursula's iinpotuous nature warmed towards the other's beauty and talents in a very natural manner. She wailed on the two ladies in a way that was unusual with her, for she rather resected having to work at al), and was wont to bo what her grandmother's lodgers oalled " short" with them if thoy gave any extra trouble. Mrs. Dalton made her house very oomfortabla to the mother and daughter, and tho time sped rapidly by. Beryl's engagement was suooessfal and prolonged, and Mrs. Atberstone'a foi mer fame brought her many pupils, so that they w< ra in a very good position The future seemed very fair to Beryl. With her mother's tender care and Allan Temple's love, there seemed to bo nothing wanting to make life happy. / Ursula, when she carne to hear of this *<£*$* of Beryl's, whioh is tho natural order of tbinjíjp» she did, rather disparaged the virtues of wSt friend's rara avis. " You ought to do better," she said, unhesi- tatingly. " With your beauty, and your fame, and your name to boot, you ought to marry t» duke!" e " Duke» are aosroo out here," said Beryl, laughing, "I should bo puzzled to find ono; and if I found fifty, and they a^kod mo to marry them, I should say ' no.' Allan is worth { Jf~<all the dukes in the universe." ^ í «Pcrhttps he is- He's a very delightful young man ; and if he, or anyone in as good a .position offered to marry me, I should think -myself a very lucky girl. But you are different -you are Miss Athcrstone, with an oid family name." " And nothing else," said Beryl, laughing " ' Lord of thy presenoe, and no land beside,' as Shakespeare has it. You think far more of my name than I do, Ursula. It has nover done ma any good, and never will." "I wish it waa min«," was Ursula's odd answer. " If I were Bsryl Atherstone, instoad of the nameless granddaughter of a Melbourne lodging-housekeeper, and I had a grandfather rolling in wealth, as yon have, I'd make him own me, ay, and be proud of me too, before twelve months had gone over my head." And she was just the girl to do it, Beryl thought aa she looked at her flashing eyes and aniritcd faoe. Allan Temple did not muoh like Ursula, and he told Beryl he did not. ."I do not know why," he frankly acknow- ledged, " and I don't want to prejudioo you against your friend, darling, but take caro I'm Bare she's dangerous, though I oan't tell liow or why. I feel that you will come to harm at her hands in some way or other." But two yeara had passed away, and Beryl y ad entered her twentieth year, and no harm ad come to ber as yet. Mrs. Dalton had made bem so comfortable that they had nover moved ; ed it waB an understood thing that Boryl was D bo married from her house, with Ursula for ne of her bridesmaids when the time came, a 'a few more months abo waB to be Allan Temple's wife, and retire from the stage alto- gether, except when sho likod to play for any .par-ioulsr occasion. ? But, as Burns says " The best laid schemes o' mice and men Gang aft agley." And all the sohemea that Allan Temple had < been planning for hia future went very much "agloy,"and turned the whole ourront oftho young man's life. Before her twentieth birth day Beryl was motherless. The Christmas was exceptionally hot, and the heat of the days waa followed by oold blasts from the south at night, delightfully refreshing, but horribly dangerous. Mrs. Atherstone oiught a violent cold, through exposing herself to ono of these night-breezes, and inflammation of the langs supervened, and she sank with alarming rapidity Everything that they could do for her was done The first pbysioians of Melbourne carne free of charge, happy to tond the mother of the talented young artiste, of whom tho whole oity wob proud ; and Beryl and Mrs. Dalton nursed hor with the tenderest oaro, but it was all ofiio avail. Tho flat had gone forth, and while the new year waa growing into life, and the snow was thick on English hills and homesteads, and the fieroe Australian Bun bluzing down on the Melbourne streets, they stood around her dying bed. Roryl had given up hor work at the theatre for her new and sad duties at home, and was oblivious of all that went on in tho outer vrorld. Allan Temple oame and went, doing what he could to oomfort and sympathise with his be- trothed, but all powerless to assuago her deep grief. Beryl felt as though the world wero slipping away from her with the loosening olaip of tho feeble hands, and the failing look in the loving eyes. She did not know, poor ohild! how elastic the human heart oan be-how grief, even for the dearest, will deaden and dio away in timo. If it were not so, what a placo of mourning this lower world would be ! The ond oame at last, aftor days of exhaustion almost like death in its prostration; but so quietly that thoy soarooly knew the exact mo- ment whou abo ceased to breathe. All her loving words had been spoken to her child before. Thore wero no death-bed sayings to chronicle no wonderful utterances which no one hears, but everybody reads about-a little unintelligi- ble murmuring, one or two oalls for " Leonard," a word or two about " little Beryl," and then she seomed to sleep. It was only the stiffening of the hand she held, and the nndofinable some- thing that death brings into tho faoe that told tho woopiug girl beside tho bed that she waa motherless. Very gontly they led her away, and wept with her, and soothed hor into oalmness. It was her first great griof, poor ohild 1 and it was vory bitter to boar. She remembered her father, and had wept for him with a ohild'a passionate sorrow ; but a ohilcl's tears are evaneso:nt, and Beryl's grief for him had spent itself before many months were over her head. But her mother had been hor near and dear friend, her guide and counsellor, and it seemed to,her, as she moaned in speechless agony over tj& ber loss, that sho must die too-that sho nevor .^mk cou^d livo in a world where that sweet friend say^S was not. Mrs Dalton was very kind and fon- der-wonderfully so for her-and undertook all the Bad offices about the corpse which wo all so ' fear to eeo roughly or carelessly rendered. In tho midst of them there oame a knook at the door,-a brisk, businesslike, jaunty knock. Evi- dently the person was unaware of the sorrow io tho house; and presently Mrs. Dil ton's servant «arno up with rather a frightenod faoe. " Well, what is it ?" she aßked. " A gontleman from England, ma'am. He wants Mrs. Atherstone-saya he's come all the way from there on purpose to soo her." _ (To be continued.} A caso pending in the Irish Matrimonial Court raises a point never before pronounoed on in Ireland. It is sought to dissolve a mar- riage contracted in 1874 between minors of resppotablo position-Maria Courtnay and John MileB-on the ground of improper publioation of banns, Miles having induoed her to falsify ber Christian name, and sign so, and sot down also a wrong address in order to bafflo her mother, who waB kept in ignorance of the mar liage. Tho parties separated at the ohurob door, and never lived together, MileB awaiting ?a publio appointment. The lady apparently at last tired of the delay, and appeared in oourt to make the application. At By worth, near Horsham, Charles Steos, aged four and a half yeara, baa died from hydro- phobia' On the 21st of August the deoensed was playing in the atreet, when a mad dog flaw at bim and bit him severely in aeveral plaoes, and afterwards attaoked some abeep wbioh have ' -ainoe died, The deceased was modioally attended, and the wounds healed ia a" few days. Last week he beoame very ill and would not touoh food, and gradually sank and died. It seems that the same day the dog attacked a little boy 'fivo years of age. In this ca3e the ohild was <bitten severely in the face, and has also sinoe ?died. 