POCKETS. The present is a pocket age ; the idea of the pocket i has entered into almost every phase of life ; and we j can hardly dive very deep into our pockets without causing our souls to' wince ! We are moved by a two fold i ipulse — to discover pocket analogies in Nature and the world, and to reduce Nature and the world to pocket compass. In obedience to the former, we talk of nights dark as a pocket, of pockeiing affronts, of a pocket conscience, a pocket sheriff, a pocket hero ; call Monaco a nocket kingdom, and in short ring a thousand changes on the' theme, sub. as will recall themselves to any one. In the other dire, tion, besides our old familiar f ocket Bibles, pocket pistols, pocket dressing-cases, and pocket overcoats, we are getting pocket bath-tubs, pocket easels, pocket bedsteads, pocket canoes, and pocket shelter-tents. At this stage we need no prophet to herald the man who shall live in a well- furnished pocket mansion, drive out ui a pocket steam-carriage, profess a pocket religion, yield up a pocket ghost, and be interred in a pocket coffin. A formidable m nEter, truly, is this pocket— a sort of Frankenstein, which we 'have set a-gomg, but cannot control. In order to realize the fact that our pockets are, in reality, our other selves (and not our secondary selves, j either), we have only to imagine the reception wnica i an individual destitute of pockets, and of what goes into them, would meet with in a civilized community. He would be lost, shunned, a pariah, an outcf st, un succoured and unbelieved in. Wen are susP*0101?6,,.* the most encasing stranger until they have, at i«* figurativelyr picked his pockets; and would won askance at their best friend -were he to turn up some morning pocketless. More surely than the apparel the pocket now proclaims the roan. We know one another through our pockets ; we love* and marry, and are divorced through our pockets ; we fight, or abstain from fighting, at the instance of our pockets ; in deference to our pockets we murder, steal, and lie. When a dead body is found, we look, to identify it, fi'8tin its pockets, and only afterwards in its face; and that suicide must indeed despi'e life who will empty his pockets before committing the rash act. A prisoner's p' ckets are searched, as a sign that he is henceforth deposed from his position as a responsible human being. The test of our power over a man is our hold upon his pocket; and there are probably few slaves so abject as not to possess at least one small fob unrifled. It is a remarkable anomaly in our code of justice that pocket-picking is not made the capital offence, since it is the pickpocket who injures us in our most vital part. He is the bane of our generation, he commits the unpardonable oin, his hand is against every man, and every man's hand is against him. His most appropriate and most terrible punishment would be, to be cast adrift upon the world, fo ? ever disqualified from wearing a pocket ; but such a sentence the ster est of Judges would shudder t - iniiict, and the wretched crinvnal would plead for mercy and a halter. As might be exi/erfcd from what has been already adyanced, pockets are in many ways a subtle and trustworthy index of character ; in fact jioc/iidstrt/ — to coin a word— is quite as well worth studying as cither phrenology, palmistry, Or grftmmatomancy. Whether we consult the fashion of our fellows' pockets, their contents, or the peculiar ways in which they af e manipulated, we shall find them rich in sug gestions. A cuiious observer might profitably spend a good part of his time in a fashionable tailor's shop — in the ostensible capacity of deputy assistant measurer, perhaps— but really with an eye to divining the souls of the various customers from their Eeveral tastes in pockets. He would note, in the first place, that in the matter of pockets, and in that alone, does the fashionable tailor aforesaid permit his votaries any freedom of choice. He knows, being wise in his generation, that discretion is the bet er part of despot ism ; and that a man will sooner submit to wearing a fashionable strait* jacket than to being overruled, even in a fashionable diicction, in his pockets. Ac B rdingly this youns swell of the haw-haw type orders his trouscr-pockets to be cut vertically down the seam ; while that other who belongs rather to the horsey order, and wears heavy rin^s, broad sleeve buttons, fancy scarf-pin, and glittering watch-chain, must ha\e his open horizontally in front of the hip. Mark, ngain, the gulf that divides the gentleman whose handkerchief peeps from an outside breast pocket from him who we:irs it mysteriously within ; how different are both from the respectable personage who produces his bandanna from the Bkirts of Irs black frock : and how superior all three to the wretch who smuggles his ?' wipe' into the pocket of his trousers ! Here is a schoolboy ; he ca es little for the appearance of his pockets, so that they are deep and stout, as his nature iB ardent and insatiable. Yonder comes a yellow-clawed stockbroker who will have buttons put to his pockets ; and af er him a commercial traveller, whose pocke s are a speciality. Next, but 6pace fails us, and we must cut this pro cession short. Wl.en we see an unkempt, anxious individual, who refers on all occasions to a sequestered inner breast pocket, as though he owned nothing that was not in valuable, we know him for an injured bankrupt or a deserving refugee. A timid, retiring nature is preju diced in favour of waistcoat pockets, because he can pet in and out of them readily and inconspicuously. Large, pompous men, on the contrary, love to fetch things from their tail-pockets, with a grand sweep and a fiouiish. The bald-headed, complacent philan thropist rejoices in wide, baggy pockets, to hold the overflowings of his heart ; footpads and suspicious characters like baggy pockets too, generally in their overcoats. A rich country squire, with cheery voice and broad shoulders, prefers doing business with the side pockets of his knickerbocker sac-coat, which are accessible off-hand, and without bothering. And as there are pockets proper to different types of men, so also are there pockets peculiar to all these* en ages, from the child, vi'.h his single trouser-pocket, to the lean and slippered pantaloon, who feels for his tremu lous snuff-box and gold-bowed spectacles, To that branch of our subje t which deals with the manip ulntion of pockets we h ave scarcely left ourselves roomti allude, though it involves much that is curious and interesting. Pockets are a great assistance in striking attitudes, and a man's attitudes betray him. Insolent wealth thrusts its hands into its trouser poukets, ra'tles its money at you, and measures you from your head to your boots. There is a species of jaunty exquisite who poises his white forefiger and thumb in the pocket of his wais'coat. There is a bluff stern-browed man, who Bhoves his fists defiantly into the eide-pockets of his roundabout jacket ; there is the elderly, old-fashioned gentleman, who gets his slender hands into the pockets of his broadcloth skirt coat, and turns his back upon the fire. But all these are not a tithe of the discoveries which reward the student who looks at life through a pocket lens. On the whole, it appears that, the smaller a man's nature is, the more self-conscious and fussy, the greater his dependence on pockets. The more pocket the less man ; petty people run to pocket. But the man who ignores pockets proves the wealth of his internal resources. Heroes make little account of them, put their hands in them only for the purpose of takinp something out to do good with. The hands ot 6imple, great, preoccupied, men hang by their Bides, awkwardly perhaps, but respectably. Pockets are an ti- Christian — at least the Apostles had none — and we shall look for them in vain in the New Jeru salem. The ideal is pocketless. — Examiner. The Sagacity of Elephants. — The following story of the wonderful sagacity of elephants published in the Field will be specially interesting at the present time, while we have an opportunity of seeing a number of the animals in Sydney. H. E. the present Governor of Bo.xbay sent his elephants to Delhi, in charge of their mahouts, to take part in the recent durbar on the proclamation of the Queen as Empress of India. On the road our elephant— which ?used to belong it would seem, to the former Governor of Bom bay, but is now used in Khandesh for the purpose of shooting tigers— joined the others. This elephant used to have a nnhout who treated it with great brutality, and that mahout v as now attached to one of his Excellency's elephants. The Khandesh elephant took particular notice of the mahout, and one day in the course of the journey came up close to the elephant which the mahout was driving, no doubt recognizing the mrn's voice. In an instant he rushed at the other elephant, upset the mahout, and, taking him up in its trunk, dashed his brains out on the ground. It then walked round and round him, kicking his body repeatedly. The other elephants with their drivers fled. After a few hours the mur derous elephant followed the rest by tracking their footsteps, and quietly submitted to be caught by its own mahout, and gave no more trouble. And now comes the curious part of the story, showing the wonderful intelligence of the elephant : it had not seen the si ihout it killed for more than eix years. 