OLGA OF VASSEILVITCH. Min? is .a strange, wild story—improbable I grant, yet is not truth often iriore improbable than fiction ? is riot fact continually .proved to be wilder than:the wildest fancy dares portray P I, Karl Yop Hempfeldt, was ever a morbid, dreamy, speculative youth, separating myself,from my.,fellows to.,pursue, in politude my researches j into the mysteries which: we call life apd, death—not even scrupling, to practice forbidden arts, if thereby I:might attain unto some revelation of the dim inexplioable " beyond." which held for me so strong a fascination. It was in the beginning of my . twentythird year that, reaching the south-weBtern corner of BusBia, Harried for awhile \fithout apparent reason—drawn thither (so I said afterwards) by insorutable fate, or rather fortune, to wait the event,of my, life. Perched on the rocky coast of the Baltic, was then the small seaport of Vasseilvitch, a quaint mediseval town,. whose ' kremlin ijoldly.faoed the sea and,seemed a part of the rugged, stern .coast; . it// protected. Crowding close, within the walls ofj the fortreas'lay thelittletown. Alliunohanged stood houses whiot lopg vanished generations had inhabited, arid if thpir,rspiij{s yet lingered in . the dusky corner?, their presence did not disturb tiie living denizens. Superstitious," pious) contented, * the gentle .Bussiaii .accepts life placidly he, it. peyer so' hard,..believing,, implicitly [that through jthe help of bis jfiendjy'.saints find the-aidof hiB.priest he shall in .due|tme enjoy:his paradise above. r: . , • ,, \- It was a.. bright, day ,in. pudsummer (for. even in that tend of snow/thjey ,haye ^heir^ summers) jrlien I.arrived at the btjle town,' but .1 recognised at once the presppce of an fill-prevading glfK>m. ,The, spin, shone tones. The very, children played quietly, and: cold-hearted indeed would have been the maiden whose eyes remained undimmed with tears as she passed the house over which the shadow of death .lurked in solomn silence. I soon gathered from the talk around me that this same town, now bo Bad and hushed, had been but yesterday crowded with gay young folks happy in the anticipation of a grand military ball. Then the air had been filled with merry voices, as tho young men and maidens hurried' through the narrow, crooked streets, impatient for the pleasures of 1 the evening, for danoing, to the true Russian, is a satisfying and never-endtng delight. Scaroe had the : long shadows faded into twilight gloom ere the sound of musiofjom the ball-room announced that the.,festivity, had begun, aid .there from far and near hastened the guests, thedroschkies driving with mad speed,'yet even too slowly for their impatient ocoupants. ••• All through the hours of that summer night, the sound of thet^nusie never ceased, nor did the feet of t® dancers grow; weary.. , ••fp-^ • When at last the ball was over, and . the revellers turned reluctantly . homeward, every tongue was loud in praise of the beautiful Olga—she had been chosen queen of the ball and crowned with a wreath of white roses, as was the custom of the town. Wherever she moved a throng of brilliant officers clustered, until, loth to part, the more enthusiastic of the young men escorted her home and left her smiling and happy in her triumph. In the morning the belle of last night's ball bad been found in her room, her head crowned with its wreath of flowers, her muslin dress falling in soft folds around her, her little hands clasped together; there; just as she had come from the ball ehe Bat, lovely, smiling, and dead. The mother would not believe the cruel truth, the prayers of priests were sought, the value of sacred relics vainly tried, the favour of the BleBBed Virgin invoked with tears and presents ; then, all else failing, nhysicians were brought that they might try, by their vaunted skill, to restore life to the beautiful dead form. All this and more was recounted to me soon after my arrival, and so powerfully was my imagination excited by the tragedy that "- l T I found '— * it -*•' impossible to think of any- thing else. Suddenly I was seized with a mad impulse—what if I could carry off the body of the'dead girl and experiment upon it—and the thought, pnee entertained, speedily became a devouring desire, which silenced reason had led me altogether captive. I shut my eyes determinedly to the dangers and difficulties in .my way, indeed, they but added zest to my mad project, and set myself to plan the ways and means of this robbery of the dead with all the enthusiasm of my nature. Restlessly I paced the narrow streets, but found myself ever returning to the house I would fain have entered, the house where Olga slept her dreamy sleep. It was an old, austere-looking building. From each of its five stories iron cross bars spread themselves out into clusters supporting the house, and thus atonceserving for use as well as ornament. • - It was overtopped by ari:old-fashioned, denticulated gable, abas relief of a syren was set in the wall, and though defaced by tiine I could fancy that the stony eyes were fixed sternly and disapprovingly on me, and this glance impressed me •with a vague^^jgggftj^the declining Still I lingered as in a dream, gasing at these walls that told no secrets," half 7 tempted to try and force open the massive" door; but on either side was a recessed pediment where chubby cheeked but fierce Caryatides kept watch and forbade my entrance. Overhead the crows and ravens flew swiftly, flapping their wings and screaming discordantly as they sought their nesta for the night, and to my distorted fancy these uncouth birds seemed to be chanting a requiem for the dead. The day was now over, and as I turned to walk away in the deepening shadows the lamps before the holy pictures .and shrineB were beginning to glimmer more brightly, and the sacred figures, . half resembling heathen idols^ looked out at me as if they possessed a dread phantom life. Before the curtain had been drawn for the night, I had obtained a glimpse of the room. This, with my knowledge of Bus-' sian. customs, enabled me to: picture to myself the scene iridoors. The torches I knew were already lighted around the bier, revealing the beautiful Olga arrayed :in a pink shroud, with her hancb crossed meekly on her breast and a garland of fresh, flowers on her head. The priest chants the psalms for the dead, and scatters perfumes over the body, while watching maidens cross themselves, and pray for the repose of the departed soul. The light of these burial torohes barely reaches to the distant corners of the lofty room, and but faintly illumes the old dingy tapestry and the portraits, ancestral and. historic, that adorn this*walls.; Men of fierce aspect with perukes aud, steel cuirasses starred with golden nails and traversed with the broad ribbon of some knightly order—high'ladies iri costumes of different reigriB display their faded charms and graces long gone by. One lovely young countess had retained lips of brilliant carmine arid -blue eyes of unaltered azure, and she looked out from the depths of her tarnished frame 'upon the form of the kinswoman, and seemed to Bmile her a welcome to the world of the dead. , I could fancy all this painted company, watching with earnest; fixed gaze the mourners, the priests, the lights and the corpse, wearing a sad smile, as if they would say, " Tou too shall be forgotten." .Three, days pf.,J^purriing pass—the' toroheB burn low jEresli'oriqs are brought— ever dounds the voice of the priest (Planting psalms and prayers for the rest otVfiffe soul, while 1 the murqiur of the mourners : keeps low and sorrowful accord..,, -" Determined , to carry out my plan; I waited, with what patience I oould. command, until on the, burial.day I. mingled 1 with the throng of mourners and .entered the house,, and then for^the first timfe' I f gazed upon the dead girl. , . Long, and earnestly ;I scrutinised th& lovely face, so exquisitely: beautiful even in dcia,th that a feeling of: pity came oyer' me, and the impulse which had jpsBessed .me .thus far-peemed monstrous I struggled with myconfUo'tir awe,: tenderness, curiosity,.filled. iny breaist by turns, until my . a^tatiori. ,.becaime almost uncontrollable, and l felt .timt Iwsis drawing attention to myself ..jyhioh , Was by .all means, to be avoided. Yet I cou'ld not leave.-the spot ; -the' more i hkted 'my former project, the more l seemed drawi .to. the side of this angelic, create .whose loveliness, already doomed, held me pdth a speil -which no living woroan ha^. yet exercised upon me.. Exactly .what",I pro- "' • * '-•">-«—' "' funeral ,1'ious darkness'. ' The pioturfed sointa etood dim against their gold backgrounds; and the holy tapers flickered ttitha fitfully ellow light upon the altar, ••'' • • The prieBt,a venerable, long-haired,long^ bearded old' inari, mitred like a magician^ elkd in a dalmatic, stiff with gold embroid; ery, and supported by two acolytes, came out of the sanctuary and'recited the sacred formulas iu a -voice senile but perfectly distinct. After he had chanted a psalm the ceremony was ended, and the.prOcesBion moved toward the sepiilchre in the outer garden, • J , During these mbmerits l had formed-my plane, and while everyone wbb kneeling for the concluding' prayers I Btole lfrom th^ church, arid crept silently down ihe little yard. Long cloisters' stJetfehed on Vithej /side, their'arches embrowned by the smoki and rust' of ;isenturies— 1 Uiilnhabited" now by' monk or riuri^ ''a homg 'only 'for the mouvnirig wirid or tW solitary bird. ^ • I Unmindful of the desolation; as' of th£ by-gorie grandeur, overmastered by temptation, I entered the open sepulchre, an4 standing, close in one corner was lost in thfe gloom.' Here. I remained until the long 1 , Blow tolling of the bell roused me to a 'full consciousness of my position. ABthe deep vibrations smote the dread silence around me, I knew that the ceremony was over, the mourners departed, and I alone with the deadJ The spell of the tomb was upon me. I moved softly, as if these dull ears could hear, or these closed eyes could Bee me. With trembling, uncertain fingers I raised the coffin lid, longing to gaze once more upon the face that had so enchained my fancy. So beautiful she was that my heart smote me afresh, and I could almost, fancy that from every. side the voices, of her dead kinsmen were threatening me, the profanp disturber of. this last sleep, with sudden vengeance. Surely it was little wonder if my sojourn in that abode of death , and decay, coupled with the reproaches of my conscience, should have tended to unsettle my reason, or to light rash impulse into madness. As the stillneas of midnight crept over the town the far-away murmur of the. sea made itself audible to my excited senses. The moaning lullaby quickened my pulses— a desperate courage nerved me to. my task. With the superhuman strength:of a. mad- man, as I was, I shook violently the iron gates. Busty and worn by time the bolts yielded, and slowly the door of the tomb opened. I looked out into the . dim, deserted garden—no signs of life or movement were descernible.- Back into the dark;-gold, musty vault I went, to return with the maiden in my arms. Carefully I wrapped' my cloak about the tender form, softly. I pillowed the fair cheek on my shoulder, then with many a backward, startled glance, half- expectant of ghostly followers, I fled toward the wide, Bounding sea. The cool, night air fanned my brow/the stars hid themselves from me, as'with this strange, cold burden strained close to my heart I fled on, and still on. At last th4 cliffs were in Bight. Exhausted, I sank down, still grasping my treasure, yet powerless for some moments to proceed further. , The waves dashed against the rocks, and the white foam leaped up in huge fantastic 1 forms like legionB of ghosts;' the late moon crept slowly up the heavens, leaving a lurid trail on the water and lighting the mad waves with a great^glory, lust of all, shining on the white face of the beautiful dead Olga. All glorious, terrible and unreal was the soene; I felt myself on the boundaries of the spirit world; the foaming waves seemed like friendly shapes beckoning me with outstretched arms, and in a new transport I bent and kissed the upturned, moonlit face, then sprang fearlessly into the sea. There my recollections fail me—I have a contused impression of struggle and growing weakness—of anguish of body and mind as the fierce waters closed around me, surged -over me;, engulfed me—then came a shout, another, lights, Btrong graspings, and »II else is blank. ' When at last I groped my way back to conscious life, it waB hard to separate the real from the shadowy, the actual from my dreams, and I was fain to ask help of the sailors-who surrounded me; . ; This story,' stripped of its details,' was brief enongh.' Almost in the moment of my mad leap into the sea; a ship wos. sailing in the moon's path of light,, and.' to her crew J owed my rescue from the death'I' had dared. ' ! '' Close-clasped I had held :my companion,' so closely that it had b'een difficult to 1 lopsen, my. grasp. \ At 'first the' ship's surgeon had pronounced us both dead, bit. after' hours'.iof ,patient, ministering .tffij".; breath of. life biia iieeri won'back to botii.; .Here i, •stifirig^, roused . in(^' sudd6n'| strength and, recollection by that' last word. "Both 1'? 1 gasped, " both!" arid then dared spy no more. ; :The mari "repeated if. " Yes, , both you and the lady^sir, p,njl she is pi beautiful ai' an angel, though she don't . seein' to be altogether right in, her.' head yet.' But maybe when she sees you agauyshpjll do Faint, speechless, ZliBtened. . Was Olga not * deadf j Were : .the , events pf,' that terrible night adelusionj"/ .But,thenr-hO'w was it that she was found in ,my arms.: The sailor i waited .as if giving me .time. At last 'I whispered, trembling) " .Tpse irie to herl" and he guided my faltering steps, lor I was yet very weak,, to a corner:on: the deck, where, supported with • shawls and cushions, ! saw: the dead and: buried Olg^, alive'/ • ' • • ; Yet, was this indeed life, this shtfflpwed, silent; mute existence,' ^herein.the greats ead eyes gazed forever irito. the ^iBtancfe. kB' if seeing jimitterable^hings, an^-.Vb^ ^ fainteat smile ever,%(^sed puire' iipsf -•" .••.!•• • • ,n t ,:,. : I SankJ down :her. J took; her chill, lifeless hand in-^Mn I ppurgd) out all' my 'soul in loving, words; but .to no 'purpose.- : She did not iook,at,me. Sh^ did riot liisten. She - iorfy "gaaed. on> and - »nade no-answer, gave rio sign. The'n<^fb^fc)j'eye^ioa're l aricl^^•JihSouglitiTKaB; 1 given to'Qlga/' 'Her resferatibri bedaVrie n[y, one arid|I;singled hourly, :s yet ftfl, bp breakf tlie iiwhiph soibhia|n^S h^c j t,-.., ,;I bad soon learned tbit .we were, indebted tp apirateior^Pvurrej^e.jaji^jMjjla^ie trent 'by,:one,dliy the captain tbrew^jen; some trunks full: of, rich w^i^^p^lJairii bade me take what I chose fpr.Qlga'^in^eds;: eaUinglher i iny . sister, :a«i ijad^pcQtbpy^-j had :named her ( frotn > the first. ii^t^Vfriui^ thanks, 1 . ! dragged!»out. (postiy ; rPbe& bnd laid "them do%n< befprej^j; / butshe,ttar|iing^tmyjlktiesslyito^glwnM ing'tilti and'ehimmeiing ^p^ji^sptoriy: anun'edreBSofgrey^erge.mdiWiW^r 1^ nb'ottol'" Ji--1^tf g&fb.; 3 ' l e ^ - ' W ^ ^ m S ^ ^ m M ^ ' \ scaroely; strange fthat. the ;ei)_ sailors:looked<lpoA her as an, {ingel yieitfta' i. Meanwhile. fan, iship: was resiling aoutir-' ward, bound;toan;obscure,port lor-repairs and fljipplies, so f» unwilling to -Iftad amjd strangers, fearing the effect :of pew^eoetoeB on my poor Olga,-determined to; remain on board until the captain could t^kejua back to Vasseilvitch. Thus it :happen6d that the months flew by, and still lie sailed onwards. ; • >»!•;.•£••*>'.ui> •<"• Wi'-m's What need to say more:of the yoyage: Suffice it that we neared ourvhaven/ and early one. morning were oautiovfflly astit ashore, the captain prafmising notfto eiii until be knew the reSulb juU ni :',.- ;n!tr:of> • At ' last- we neared the house I r^Memberodeo:WellL: ,'i'he stony:eyed: syren 'had no;look of, treloome for , ms; thfe jsfieifce .Caryatides stillkept watah At.fchedoorj&s; Olga 1 mounted the steps «nd with trembling hand. raised the hdavy knocker, whilef I stood near iireathleBsly, waiting ^he result. The summons brought a strange servait. Hie gazed at heriiri. stupBfied.silencp, Wit unmindful of hiiiir.Ehe attempted ,to -^ass into .the house. ;: , •• By this : time the man was ^thoroughly alarmed, by this• weird • appacition, .iiid called for help." forth, came .the^mastfer, but, alas!. he. too was a stranger, arid, sharing at once in'his servant's terror, Ihe made a motion as if to thrust Olga from.:the door. ' .'••: a^-yj-i' aii- J.r'. Alarmed for: her safety, X.was about to draw her away, when she tamed and- fled swiftly down the street. ••' - :, : Following closely on her footsteps, I soon found myself within the shadowa of the 61d cathedial. Startled and puzzled, I.watched her movements as through! the: deserted convent garden: she sought ;.the family li! tomb. •••.'••; . ; What strange intuition Was: leading her, I knew not. Could it have been that'in that home of death ,ehe: had been 'partly conscious?' Was shb even now blindly searching for that other -half-remembered •self ?' • • ••• r- Still I watched, and:aoted' that aa her eyes fell on her own nMg^Brshudder passed over, her, but'just befwiiMai^e: freshly gravennameof her mother. /At eight of this .she wept. Then for the firat she looked toward me. •{ • In a moment X was by her side. I took her hands and held them in a Btrong,. but tender grasp, while I told her; the estrange story of her death and. return^to life,' and of how I had loved her through; all and waited and longed for this moment . - • ; 'Her hood" had' fallen > from hpr. < head, releasing: the waving masses of :her' : golden hair, and as she listened to my passionate words, a flush mantled hei\chaaka, .rendering her so lovely-that I couli no longer resist the temptation to clasp her in my arms and kiss her...:'< \--r '--i <•'.(!(. ••, I ->•': .: She yielded to my entreaties:toleavethe home that knew her bo more and:go with me, and so, hand in hand,'we orice rmore wended our way toward the sea.-'" •.• 