T H E S L E D G E ; H A M M E R . IT is a singular fact, one for which I can personally vouch, that King Casey and even Francis Longmore are most unpopular with the free selectors. The former, everyone conversant with the doings of the Land Office knows, toadied and fawned at the overgrown feet of the seeker after 320 acres, until the name of Casey became a pass-word through any wire or dog-leg fence in the newly settled territories of Victoria, Now, why are these almighty protectors of the earthhungered selector unpopular now-a-days ? I can readily understand that a squatter, whose eyes have been picked out of his head, by the rapacious 1869 Act of party spoliation, would as soon admit Satan to his dinner feed as J. J. Casey ; but yet it seems hard for the Kmg to be distrusted and disliked by his pets. Francis Longmore is shaping towards a neat dilemma. His craze just now is the refusal of mortgage or sale to the selector's license after the poor devil has struggled through three years of tribulation and sorrow. Coming out of gaol after six years' hard labour is slow work in excitement to most selector's feelings after a three yeara' struggle with sandy plains and general impoverishment; and as a wind up, Longmore threatens to compel the man to stick to his coffin and burst. These be thy gods, 0! voter for hustings up. When will the horny-handed idiots learn wisdom ? Evidently not in any way, save through much suffering! The honorable and gallant Major is getting annoyed very much. I know that for a considerable time back he has worried poor Berry s life out for a Cabinet appointment of permanent value while there is a chance. Everyone is aware that the gallant Major is toddling round the defences with Sir Wm. Jervois, with a view to a special screw as Minister of War or head fighter of Victoria, and now he has learnt of Sir William's appointmentto South Australia, whereby, f course, Sir William is retained for regular consultations upon eeds of valor, defences, blood, etc., and hence the wretchedness f the gallant W. C. S. Berry couldn't help it; he has done everyhing man could do, he has offered the gallant Major to the Turks, ust as we borrowed Jervois and Scratchley, and Turkey says she tias got Baker, and one man too fond of women's rights and wrongs s enough in her army! Berry, through Carnarvon, then tried ussia, and Russia said " With pleasure, send the gallant Major, only he must produce credentials of having seen service." Poor Major! He and Berry got so excited over this telegram, they read it all wrong, replying, "From Berry to Carnarvon. Have seen Service. He will not interfere." Then the gallant Major set a blacksmith at it for a week, on Ballarat, making swords ! He had made seven, when Berry read that telegram again, and told Smith of the mistake. They tried Russia again oh another tack. The gallant Major got that blacksmith to hold a pig while he stuck it, and got covered with pig's gore. Berry has sent word that Smith has been in action. He fought in more than one bloody struggle. The answers ain't back yet. I hope we shall lose the gallant Major though. If we are permitted once again to revisit the glimpses of the moon, we shall get some strange shocks to our systems anon ; that is, if we run a system in these days capable of carrying a shock. Imagine an old Murray downer—a pioneer of the back blocks, aftgr being away -with the majority for five-and-twenty or thirty years—looking over my shoulder say last Saturday evening. This shadow of the bygone days would have just probably finished a ghostly sneer at pianos, antimaccassars, and things of that modern sort, lying around, and it would then observe my paper knife eagerly at work. I should have been discovered by that now astounded ghost cutting the cover from the London 'limes of May the 10th ! Forty-two days from London to the granite and bouldered hills of the Kerang district—a day's driving beyond even the railway settled settlement of Echuca !! I should reckon, without wishing to become irreverent, that that old man's spectre mouth would open pretty wide while he turned to his lightly clad mates, exclaiming with a ghastly sigh—"Glass, old man, we never had a show like that—selected just as we meant to begin anrt buy. Come on; let's go over the river and have a look at the Sydney amusements. Too many frills on here. Cut up enough for two." A sun-downer the other day ! Pardon me, city reader, perhaps ou do not kno w what a sun-downer is ! Well, a sun-downer is one of the grandest loafers on God's fair earth. He it is who crawls along the fences of a station, making the homestead at sundown, where he demands flour and sugar and tea, and he mostly gets all he wants, and he then stretches his cussed legs around the sheds, and sleeps, and loafs, and damns the squatter who has just fed him through all the spaces of eternity. Next day he crawls about after a shanty, smelling for liquor, aud at nightfall repeats his sun-downing principles : being denied, he burns your paddocks, turns your fences into ashes, and quietly and unostentatiously ruins you. To return. This sun-downer and his mate made my friend's homestead the other day in the gloaming affected by these cusses. To their reasonable requests for all they could devour, my squatting friend replied ni stores, this sort of question not requiring long deliberation. One of the gay sun-downers, he who held the tea, flour, &c.;, then became homely-like and social, as most men do with full stomachs in pros- pective, and rejoiced at the kindness of the squatter, tellmg him how often he had been similarly treated by the squatter's brother on another run. This thankfulness moved my friend's heart, and they chatted upon earthly subjects for nearly four minutes, the two sundowners retiring with gratitude enamelled upon their dirty jaws. Within an hour my friend of sheep, sheepy, went out to a clothes line to fetch in his only complete suit of clothes which had that day received an overhaul and a cleaning. That passive sun-downer had put miles between him and his Sunday fixings,'night had fallen, and 1 cannot remember more earnest, outspoken, manly words, than those I heard falling from my friend's lips durrng the next two hours, all of which were upon sun-downers, and hell (hell), &c.;, &c.; I spent last Sabbath with him. He had commenced to forget lus sorrow, and as the delicious wild warblings of the magpie came through our open casements, doubly accompanied by the bleating of lambs and the resonant note of the wattle bird, he went, as was his wont to a drawer for those pantaloons which seemed like to carry a Sunday impression of a godly day and a reverie of holiness m the absence of churches round there. As he put on the same breeches which he had taken off ere he slumbered so childlike the night before he used language so totally unlike what the new pastor Jones uses that I was forcibly compelled to think that my pant-deprived friend would have cleared Mr. Jones's congregation in three minutes, and entirely upon the subject of sun-downers, during this calm, this holy day of rest. Yes he would. 