HOME NEWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OF VIEW. (ir'KOM OUlt own COllKESrOKDENT.) Paris. 27th Octobcr. When the Senate voted the dissolution of the Chamber of Deputies, it was never intended that the senators were bound to support the Marshal right or wrong; consequently, in MacMahon's struggle to override parliamentary institutions, it may lie concluded that the Senate will not support him against the unmistakably expressod resolve of France to govern herself under the Republican Constitution. Minds are made up that only two issues are open to the Marshal; to loyally avow ho is beaten in his direct appeal to the doctors, to decide between personal and parliamentary government, and act accordingly—all that the Republicans demand, or simply to resign. His retirement cannot be compulsory, but he cannot expect France to yield to his personal ideas or to sacrilice her constitution. If he remains he must simply govern according to constitutional forms. An appeal to force is considered so hopeless that no one ever alludes to it except to raise a laugh, and equally impossible is the expectation that the Senate will vote a second dissolution—for what interest? It is thus, that 011 all sides a clear solution is desired, and the Republicans are resolved that they will this time accept no other. The Orleanists are at last allowing signs of rallying to the Republic—their natural posi tion. Had they done so when Thiers was Presi dent what agonies and losses they would have spared their country, and what humiliations for themselves. Opinion looks favorably upon the idea of John Bull going surety for the good conduct of Turkey in reference to the Bulgarian Christians who have disgraced Christianity. Thus the Czar has no reason to "keep pegging away" at ap parently a Sisyphian task—that of extermina ting Islamism from Europe nnd Asia Minor. Were he successful, he would not be allowed to occupy an inch of Bulgaria, and English interests would have to limit his conquests in Armenia, where the Turks are yet strong enough to oppose him with other Plevnas. The Freuch do not give much attention to the losses of the belligerents. These they accept as a, matter of course, and that no sentimental or philanthropic regret can avert. This may ex plain also why they take so small a part in sick and wounded and compassionate funds. They prefer playing the Good Samaritan without the oil and the twopence. It is expected that as the Czar is now a better-informed man than when he addressed an ultimatum to Turkey, he will be a wiser, though a sadder one, when his army shall have passed December aud January in Bulgaria and Asia Minor. M. Gambetta has made a manifesto-speech, full of wholesome truths for all whom they may concern. It was blunt, without being violent; Conservative, without ceasing to be broadly Liberal; aud conciliatory, while resting inde pendent. It will produce a good effect at the present juncture, when it is necessary to con vince men of the necessity of taking virile resolutions. He predicts that the will of France will be obeyed, and drew a rapid picture of the frightful violations of the law, and of the unexampled Government pressure indulged in during the late elec tions, aud which shall be laid bare for the benelit of France, and the edification of Europe. The Ministers have a hard time before them, and those of their subordinates who have sinned, will have to personally pay the piper. Voting-boxes with false bottoms were em ployed, aud in some cases it was quite common to find more bulletins in the urns than thore were electors on the registers. The Chamber of Deputies will have plenty of work to inquire into the electoral iniquities, and as such elec tions must be broken the temporary representa tives must feel uncomfortable at the prospect of being unseated. A curious point to clear up will be that to know where all the fuuds came from to carry on the war against the Republic. Perhaps the discovery will be as difficult a3 to ascertain whore Russia finds the money to pay her coupons. It is a remarkable fact that the cir culation of those journals claiming to be " con servative"—God save the mark !—and which urged tho Marshal to make a coup d' e.lal, as they would for him to take a run to the exhibi tion works, which he never does, though close by—"the nearer to church the farther from God"—have to witness a sensible falling off in their circulation. The Fi'jaro, for example. It has had to suppress its supplement, while Girardin's organ La France, by writing fearless common sense, has now a circulation of 150,000, instead of 7,000. The fact is, the Reac tionists did not doubt a momont of their triumph against the Republic. They sold tho skin of the bear before they had killed bruin. Among other signs and wonders, the tribunals do not convict so many journals of misdemeanors now as before the elections. Let us be thankful for small mercies. The municipality of Versailles have decided to baptize one of their chief streets " Thiers," and which leads to the Presidency—always the gall and wormwood. The Government has been asked for its official sanction, for in France local authorities cannot indulge in such changes, or oven help themselves to a barrel of sea •water without permission from head-quarters. This is the beauty of that " centralisation" system, of which the French boast the world is so jealous. M. Gambetta having won an elec tion bet of l,000fr., sent the amount, not to the poor of Paris, but to the "indigent of Ver sailles;" but Gambetta is now a rich man. A great admirer of his, M. du Bochet, has be queathed him fifteen or tweuty million francs. Paris has ''uncles" as well as America, or rather Switzerland, a3 the deceased belonged to William Tell's canton. There is nothing new about the exhibition; people feel more than ever confident in its suc cess. Sinister rumors are vanishing like ghosts at" cock- crow. The tickets are being printed by the Bank of Franco; a daily admission will cost one franc; for the season, lOOfr. Everything is very rational about the regulations. The barmaids and dressmakers are in high glee; they can compete for the prize of beauty, open to all coiners; a photograph of their charms is all that they are required to forward. Chopping a man's head off without almostshed ding a"drop of blood is the latest improvement in working the gmlloti^ This has just taken place in the ease of a man named Albert. No wonder the headsman Koch was noticed to look dumbfounded. The English Government had a London uohcc officer present, who must havo been also astonished, to report, it is said, on tho working of the "bijou." iMarwood's slack ropes, tight ropes, and long ropes, would appear not to be at the hatiteur of civilization. Albert ji.13 a great scoundrel, and society is well rid of lum. Two good traits in French executions— there are no meetings to save a murderer's head: and the culprit is only allowed one-parson power to become a convert. Albert killed an old woman, keeper of an eating-house, to rob her; then he threw tho body into a well, as tUo Russians are said to do when takin- French leave of a Bulgarian village, lmt as the'body dill not descend rapidly enough he dropped stones o» it,^ though he professed " respect for tho Ueacl. _ Hu passed his last days like a states man, writing his memoirs, and imitated tho JT!tI'Iicrs by asking the chaplain to ad a treatise he (Albert) composed oil death ,, l'u arms corded, and his shirt collar and hair cut oil. On approaching the in strument he faltered; the executioner seized him, assured him "it was nothing, as he will see, and then his neck was i^laced in the half moon of the upright plank, and all shot into tho corresponding half-moon, through which tho knife talis. W hile m this position the unfortunate man was hoard muttering a prayer. There was a pause for a second to permit Koch to see that all was m order; then a third, a black ball leaped into a basket of bran, that an as sistant; shook up; another mass, like an out litters dummy was rolled into another basket oi bran; the head rejoined it, and a van escorted with a guard of mounted policc, con ducted all to the Turnip Field, where, after formalities, it was handed over to the School ot Anatomy. Hardly a few drops of blood fol lowed the decapitation; fear drove the fluid into the internal organs. Just as the knife fell " a •» late dog, that had found its way to tho inner circle, commenced to howl. I noticed no lady reporter" present on this occasion, but tho executioner appeared strangely livid— frightened, as it were, which is strange for a nan that chops off thirty heads per annum, ' and whose expenses "in the estimates follow ie grants for public instruction. All Albert asked, when told to get up and dress for death.' £ as for permission to roll and smoke a cigarette. S'p futu''e> the executed instead of being buried in a trench with their head between Wli,l mv.c,thelr re»«in3 enclosed in a (leal coihn. lhc liepublic ameliorates every Jr'-'f, y°u, se.ec ^ is «o secret that the lato Heindreich, Lochs predecessor, wrote a trea and' KTPf' a?.aiMt death Pu"wt>™nt, and that the day ho " operated " he abstained from food—lived 011 cigars. The Chaix printing establishment has held its aimual/tfc, where the apprentices undergo an cxammatioii and receive prizes for proficiency in their studies aud punctual attendance at the night school. The "devils" receive a very superior education, including classics and modern languages, and they are paid higher nlariea in proportion to their intelligence; tho apprentices have a right to employment when they become journeymen, and there is tho pen sion fund, where the proprietor allows an in creased sum for every year an employe rests in eiTabUshment ^ ^ dio * o.xeellenb Benson, who belongs to the " Upper Ton" criminals, would have remained unknown to fame, if he had been kicked out of a club at iirussels, when detected in 1870 robbing, dur-. ing a card party; the gentlemen did not like, creating a scandal. Four young men returning homo from a supper party, and arriving at the Place do Concorde, proposed to drown themselves: two jumped into the Seine, despite the efforts of their comrades; one was drowned. A young woman in order to effectively commit suicide dressed herself in the servant's clothes, and ache W herself into tho river; cause—tooth The French journals have attempted to cstab w n ru^.Cltu',; 'lt °Pe»s badly with a red hot Bonapartist for president, and a ditto for secretary. Republican writers keep shy of the guns'5"11 ausPcct man-traps aud spring Dr. Pcncl was a firm believer in a head being conscious after separation from the trunk X railway accident placed tho required-head within his reach; he was discovered applyin" a red hot iron to the tongue, when a gentleman pointing to the trunk said, it would be better store it t r°f'°r 0CCU*)y himself trying to re 'Ihc Omnibus Company of Paris, a monopoly, refuses to roof the tops of their 'busses, alleeinir the amelioration would attract too many pas sengers It is established that tramcars aro one tlurrt cheaper than 'busses. The late l'hcodore Barriere demanded on ono occasion of Baron Haussmann where an old ladv friend could build a liouso, "sheltered from the demolitions." "Along the line of a new street, was the Baron's advice. I he best stories are: Short ones whon you them' and l0^ ones when you relate " C;usar Augustus Napoleon,"—what a name to go to church or war with—is the appellation tribunal S1CUl' ^ S°ekS r°drC33 beforc n Dumas, ]»:re, stated that if you desired to know what the gout was, place your finder inside the bone of a log of mutton and turn it tightly therein, then place both in a vice till tac bone is splintered. A groccr in a Normand churchyard has thrco loaves of sugar engraved 011 his tombstone, to represent not "salt'' but sweet "tears." 