INTERCOLONIAL. 1 ; " SYDNEY.' ' Wodnosday. Tho Viotorian Delegates at tho Cablo Con-, foronuo liavii given their un- ofliciul assent to tho propoBod sooond oablo botwoon Singapore and Port Darwin. Mails. — Mails for Brisbane, Australian oolonios, Now Zoalund, uud Fiji, to bo tran shipped to Egmont j iu Koppel) Bay, will oIobo por Bunyip — for registered lottorf ut(!, and ordinary lottors at 8 o'clock. Meteorolooioal. — Tho reports for tho 24 hours preceding 9 a.m. yostorday stated tho rain-fail to bo : At Maokay, O'OO j Watorviowi 0-63 : Normanton, 0'70 ; Gilbert River,. 0-69 i Kimborloy, 113. It was still raining at Mnc- kay, Bloomsbury, Herbert River',' Watorviow,. Kimborloy, and Cooktown. Fino woathor prevailed at othor plaoos from whioh oomunioa- tions had boon received. Awointments." Tho Polioo Magistrate (T. P. Pugh, Esq.) has received on intimation from tho offiao of tho Ohiof Justioo, Brisl>ano. that ho has beon appointed a commissioner for affi davits. ' Mr. O. W. MoAuloy has boon ap pointed Aoting-doputy Sheriff, during tho suspension of Mr, F. N.'Boddok, for tho pur- poso of issuing summonses for tho Distriot Court to bo hold at Rookhamptou in Mureh noxt. The Arrno agues. — The aocidont whioh ocourred ou Tuosdny last on ono of tho wharf approaches, is another iustanoo proviug how nocossary it is that our municipal author- ities should manago, somohow or auothor, to find a fow pounds to placo rails on tho adgcB of tho step inolinos. Tho accident which wo refer to, that of a horse, dray, tho oarman, aud his son falling over the bank, on tho right hand approach to tho A.S.N. Co.'s wharf, might havo boon attended with fatal results, nnd it is miraculous that worse injurios tliau a brokon shoulder bone and a few sovoro outs woro the only njurics inflicted. A oommon hardwood fouco would not cost muoh, alittlo over II 10s. a ohnin, and its construction would prevent accidents and suvo tho mayor and aldormoa a groat many aftor regrets, if do'ath or lifo mourning woro to follow, after a„rolling down thn bank- uuuuuuu ou auus- day afternoon, whioh, fortunately, wns not attended with any intnl result. It appears that a man namod Thomas Hall, accoinpaniod by his son, was driving his dray down tho right hand nppronoh to tho A.S.N. Co.'s wharf. Tho horse, whioh lmd ouly boon brokon-in to harnoss a couplo of days, got too near tho odgo of the road, and, when his driver ondoavourod to back him against tho wall, ho sworved nnd wont olean over tho bank, hooking with tho dray and its oooupants. Tho horse landed bolow without any injury, but tho dray pitohod on to the shafts, one of whioh was broken, and turned over on to Hall and his son, who wore lying on tho ground. Tho droy wob quickly lifted up, nnd tho drivor and boy pulled from their dangerous position. Tho former who had his shoulder bono brokon, wont to Dr Thon's whoro ho was promptly attended to his son recoivod sevoral outs on tho face, and a few bruises about tho body; tho only wondor is how both osoaped with so little injury. Ammonia, — If no treatment for suako bites hitherto disoovored has provo'd universally offootivo, it is not for lock of numbors of reoipos whioh are publishod yeorly, oaoh ono of which is prouounoed by tho publisher as boing infalliblo. Tho ammonia troutmout lias for a long timo boon high in favor, and thoro can bo no doubt but that it has beon suoocssful iu most onsoB both iu thoso colonics and in India. But a Mr. Vincent Williams, nnnouncod by tho Lancet as a groat authority, states that ammonia is " uttorly inutile!" Groat authori ties are all vory well, aud thoir opinions should bo of oourso roooivod with profound reBpoot— j but, it frequently happons that thoso authori- tics aro theorists, and. in matters suoh as tho treatment of snako bites, tho most reliable authority wo know is Dr. Praotico, and ho lias provod boyond a shadow of a doubt, that ammonia proporly administered is tho only disoovored ouro for bites from reptiles, at any rato, of a modorately venomous olmractcr. We mako thoso remarks iu ordor that those who nro so unfortunate as to bo bitton, may nob refuBO to uso ammonia, simply heoauso Mr. Vinoont Williams says it is inutile, and hooauso tho Lanoet deolares that gentleman to bo a high authority — a very good prcoopt to bo romomberod in oases whioh admit of no dolay is " acta non verba." The Pont. — " It's no uso swearing " said an unfortunate horsomau to a brothor in distress — "tho punt won't go and wo can't muko hor, and hero wo rouBt Btop, or rathor our horses must, till the wator subsides again to a gontlo ripplo and thoro is no danger of tho ohain broaking." The'want of ajbridgo ovor tho Fitzroy is never so severely felt as in tho wot season, and our river runs o fow knots faster- than usual, tho losses that have occurred during tho last fow years from per sons boing unablo to cross with thoir cattle, teams, and horsos, whon it wns oonsidorod unsafo for tho punt to run, is inoaloulablo, nnd tho losoro havo to thank thoso who successfully throw overy impediment in tho way of tho ooustruotion of a bridgo, until tho present Government sot at naught tho roprosontatious of n fow und attondod to tho wonts and prayers of tho many. Tho squatters, solootora, brooders, and curriers, who rosido and onrry on busiuoss in tho largo districts botwoon tho Fitzroy and tho ooast, aro now plaood ut groat iuconvonionco, and thoy aro anxiously waiting to soo a public work begun, whioh, whon iiuishodjwill place them on au equality, so far ns tho moans of travelling and ;eonvoying thoir produco to inorkot, with thoir brothron'ou tho south side of tho river. Theatre Royal.— Tho Quoon's Varioty Troupo announoo a i$drtho£ ohango of pro- grnmmo for to-night'. in addition to whioh Mr. Jbo Iteh6r>»oMbat'..ahd contortionist, lately of Ashtbn'siOiroiu,' will mako his first appoaranoo. Mr.' 'J. Louis', 'ropo', tying ohallongo has boon aoooptcd, and 'thq.,bet .mado will ho dooidod to-night. A- condition is mado in tho cballongo that tho perforator shall bo tied so that froo oiroulntion of tho blood Is allowed -to' tho satisfaction of a modicul man, , This proviso w'o ' consider quite fair, Os lfr is imposslblo for tho foat to bo performed whon strangulation, as on Monday night, is nearly offeotod. tne A. J.8. Bank. — Tho Directors of tho Australian Joint Stook Bank presented to thoir shareholders on tho 24 th January last, thoir 48th report, aud from that report wc gathor tho affuirs of tho oompany, whioh are iu a flourishing and sound ooudition, aud that tho holders of their stook havo overy reason to bo satisfied with tho mannor iu whioh their interests havo been lookod aftor. Tho net profits for tho half yoar doduoting rebate on bills, interests oil doposits and providing for fill ' hnil nnrl ilnKf.a nmntinf £40,035 13s. lid, to whioh haB to ho addod tho balauoo of undivided profits from 30th Juno, 1876, £1726, muking a total of £41,761 18s. 8d. , whioh iB to bo appropriated as follows to tho resorvo fund, £10,009 ; dividond ut tho rato of 10 per oont. per annum £25,000 ; bonus of Is. por share, equal to 1£ por oont por annum, £3125 ; leaving a bulanco to bo oarriod forward of £3638 18s. 8d. Tho balauoo shoot shows, to oapital paid up, £600,000 ; resorvo fund, £95,000 ; notes in oiroulation, £304,627; bills in circulation'. and othor liabilities, £456,359 7b. 2d.; deposits, £2,284,698 6b. 8d. j by ooin and bullion," £645,926 6s. Cd. ; oash halanocs and notes of othor banks, £152,350 13s. 3d. ; Government seouritics, £46,025 ; bank premises, £79,146 10s. 3d. ; bills disoountcd and othor dobts duo to tho hnnk, £2,865,031 17s. 3d. ; profit and Iobs . showing tho sum of . £47,695 13s. Sd. Branches of tho bank havo boon oponed ut Dubbo and Hillston, and an agenoy i at Rookloy in Now ftouth Wales, and a branoh at Dolby, in Quoonsland — tho branoh ut Mil- ohestor Iiub boon closed. Small Debts Court. — Before tho Polioo Magistrato hiki, \Y« xhodiboiIi ua.« yesterday, thoro woro two oasos oontinuod for sorvico of summons, thioo settled ;out of court, dud iu throe, Tordiots were takou by oonsent. Tho undefonded casos woro — W. Higsou and Co. v. H. Popo, £6 19s\2d, for goods sold ; vordiot for plaintiff with oosts. J. A. Muiidny v. W. J. ltoborts, £3 9s. goods sold and oash lent; vordiot for plaintiff, for whom Mr, Molbourno appuurod, with 10s eosts. H. Versmunu v. D. Losly, goodB sold, £2 17s 3d ; vordiot for plaintiff with 10s oosts. J.Forrest v. T. Lonorgan, goods sold. £1 5s Gd ; vordiot for plaintiff with 10s oostB. Defended cases ; J. A. Munday v. J. Nowoott, £10 4s, goods sold, Mr. Melbourne for plaintiff, Mr. D'Aroy for dofondant ; vordiot for £3 6s, with £2 12s oosts- D. O'Gonuoll v. James Andorson, £21 5s, work and labor dono ; verdict for £10 2s 6d, with £2 12s costs, Mr. Molbourno for plaintiff, Mr. Jones for dofondant. Tho oasos of Thomas Titmouso v. Houry Hohin, and William Kitchener v. W, Shooliy, woro struck out, there being uo appoaranco of tho plaintiffs, in iho formor oaso £1 us Gd costs woro given against tho plaintiff. Andrew Livingstono v. Wm. Sheohy, £19 17s, for work and labor dono, Mr. D'Aroy appeared 'amGlmuiV.'"' l'i. MnR"1111110 for too postponed until noxt Saturday morning. Benevolent Society.— 1 Tho usual monthly mooting of tho oommittoo wub hold yesterday afternoon in tho School of Arts. Thoro woro present . Mrs. Hunter, (Lady Prosidont), who oooupied tho ohuir ; Mrs. J. Hoadriok, Mrs Looko, Mrs. Thou, Mrs. Forguson, Mrs. Orr, Mrs. Salmond, Mrs. Milford, Rot. R. Hartley, aud Dr. Salmond. Tho minutes of tho previous meoting were road by tho Lady Secretary, and oonfirmed. Tho following distriot reports wero road : No. 1 Distriot roliovod 14 adults, nnd 21 ohildrou ; expenditure, £7 10s. 3d, No. 2 District relieved 4 adults, 10 children ; expen diture, £4 Is. 5)d. No 3 District roliovod 5 adults,' 12 ohildrcn ; expenditure, £5 10s. 4 Jd. No. 4 Distriot roliovod 5 adults, 10 ohildron ; oxpondituro, £4 8s. 9d. No. 5 Distriot roliovod 6 adults, 12 ohildron ; oxpondituro, £6 5s. 3d. No. 6. Distriot relieved 4 adults, (7 ohildrou expenditure, £3 9s. 4d. The tomporury Asylum report stated tho numbor of inmates for tho month;to bo, ,7' Adults, aiid 3 i ohildron, and tho expenditure amounted to £11 12s. 2jd. An acoount for advertising was ordered to be paid. Upon tb'o motion of tho Rov. R. Hartley, sooonded by Dr. Salmond, Mr. 3£. P. Livor- more wob, elocted a momber of tho committee. Dr. Salmond stated that his reason for boing prosont was that ho wished to bring boforo tlio oommitteo tho advisability of commencing the asylum building. Tho grant, by tho Govern ment, of land, at tho top of Caiubridgo-stroot had boen gazottcd, but tho oommitteo had never hadu properjoanvoyanoeof it. He thought that as thoy had soma £230 to the oredit of tho Build ing fuud, and as the Government had promised to supplemont the amount recoivod, ponnd for pound, that matters should bo put in progress for building. Ho said a oommitteo of throo oonsiating of Captain Hunter, Mr. E. P. Livormoro, and himsolf might bo' appointed for tho parposo. Tho Rev. Mr. Hartley then pro posed that thoso gentlemen named bo appointed as a oommittoo to arrange and Bnperintond tho building of tho asylum." Tho motion was seconded by Mrs. Milford nnd oarriod, and tho meeting terminated. DisoiiAuoiNa Produce. — As tho Local Agents and othor officers _ of tho A. S.N Oompany are oxpressly forbidden to mako. any reply through tho medium of the press to auy accusation that may ho brought against thorn by shippers, consignees or othor membors of tho community, and as it is but just that both sides of all questions should bo hoard, we mado inquiries yostorday iuto tho tho ohargo brought on Wednesday, rolativo to tho dolay which ocourred iu discharging 400 bags of potatoes and ouious from tho Boomcrapg, by whioh tho owners declare they will bo Bubjeeted to a loss of £1 por ton, on aacouut of tho perishable nature of' tho goods. It appoars that a deputation of produco morohauts waited on tho Mombor for Bockhampton ou Tuosday ovouiug, to complain of what thoy considered tho unnccossary deten tion above roforrcd to, nnd stated that thoy wore unable up to sun-down to obtaia a Binglo hag of 'thoir oxports, because tho ohiof oflicor dotorminod to disehargo from tho nft-hold first, aud not from tlio foro-hold whoro tho potatoes aud onions woro stowed away. The auswor to this complaint is, that tho Boomorang although bIio arrived off tho wharf nt 4 o'oiook on Monday afternoon, did not como along side until two hours later, owiug to tho Btrong tido running and tho frosh in tlio rivor, nnd oven then, as thoro woro three stcamors lying at tho wharf, and so small' a spaoo was avail- able, _ alio was oompellod to lie with hor aft- hold towards tho wharf, and hor fore-hold towards tho rivor. And in this position sho remained during .tlio wholo of Tuesday and part of Wodnosday, undejr.'hcBo biroamstunccs tho ohiof offiqer..b3gl(h,to disohqreten .TaiSsday, morning from the'aft-hbld, tho! part -oi .the vessol boing as stated to thio wharf. Wo loarn that no application was made to' tho' Company's Agonts, ' to thoir olork, to Captain Durroll or to the chief offioor Mr. Drew, by tho produoo.morchantB,' for . their . potatoes and onions,. or, on aooount of thorn boing pcrislinblo, instant stops would ' hnvo boon tokon to havo thorn trucked along tho deok from the fore-hold to tho wharf. Thus, although wo sympathise' most strongly, with tho produco morcliants, still wo aannot soo liow, any blamo nttnolios to tho Company's agonts or to the oliicf officer. Wo suggest to' tho oomplainants that if in tho future a similar oaso ocours, thoy apply at onco to tho agonts, who, would thoy may rest assured, rondor thorn ovory . assistance. The chiof office, Mr. Drew, is well known nt this .port, and lie is' tho vory last man iu tho sorvico to bohavo discourteously, or to throw any impedi ment in tlio wav of morohants obtaining thoir goods. i Police Court.— Boforo tho Polioo Maglstrnto .and Mr. W. Thomson, J,P., yoBtorday, Andrew Livingstone, was obargod with steal ing tho sum of £2 3s. 10d., tho property of William Shcehy. Mr. Melbourne appeared for tho- complainant,, nud Mr. D'A.oy for the dofondant. William Sheohy, stated that. ho was a storokcepor at Dingb and Boolburra, and tliO' dofondant was in his sorvico as a bookkocpo'r and salesman, at a salary of £2 per week ; the defendant, as salosman, had authority to soli goods and roceivo tho money ; nn receiving money lio should ontor it in tho oash book if credit was giyen in tho day book ; tho lodger (produood) showed tho ncoonat of Mr. Harris, who is at proscnt residing at tlio Union Hotel, Bookhampton; tho oaBh book produood) did not show an outry of £2 3s. lOd us received on 16th Novembor last ; the rccoipfc (produood), whioh ho obtained from Mrs. Harris, was in tho defendant's handwriting ; ho (witness) had sont a bill to Mrs. Harris, and she produood that roocipt ; it was part of defendant's duty to givo receipts for monoy paid to him on witness' , aooount. By Mr. JJ'Aroy : no uau novor ouerea to pay dofond ant his wages, loss tho arqoant whioh ho had recoivod from Mr. Harris ; tho cash book was not balanced on tho 16th Novambor ; there was a surplus of £2 7s. 2.) ou tho 17th Novombor ; ho had often put money in tlio arnwer as a chock on the halanoing of tho book ; goods might sometimes bo sold without being entered ; ho , could not explain how thoro was a furthor surplus of £2 on tho 29th Novombor ; ho put monoy in tho drawer ten or twelve timos, for tho purpose of itrviuc tho honesty of his oranloyofis: somo- timoB ho took it out again ; ho had novcr kept any list of tho oocasious on whioh ho took tho cash out of the drawer ; thoro was often more cash in. tho till than could ho nocounted for ; the Burplus must havo arlson front goods, sold, or accounts paid ; ho would swear poBitivoly that tlio £2 3s. lOd, was not accounted for in any of tho surplus amounts. Mr. Molbourno and Mr. D'Arcy addressed tho Bonch, and tho caso wns dismissed. Riohnrd Novillc, npponrod to answer n ohargo of trading as a pawnbroker, without a lioonso, uud tho oaso was adjourned until Saturday next, for tho production of cvidoncc. wich Aryus soys : — I was rathor sorry to hear that a white ovqrsecr was brought boforo the Maryborough Bcnoh tho othor day, and lined, for thrashing a Kanaka. This I call a most unwarrantable interference with tho right of a froo-born Briton. I buy a Kanaka as I do a liorso or a bullock, and ought to know bost how to troat suoh cattle for my own interest. Sheep Countinu.— At tho Forbes Polioo Court (says tho Uinics) a witness, in his ovi- donoo, sworo that he could oount 40,0000 shoop an hour. Tho goutlomnu who mado tho stuto- mout holds n moBt rospootnblo and responsible position, and, as ho has had largo oxporionoo amongst slioop, wo cannot question tho truth of his nsaertiou. Roduood to minutos, it givos tho numbor of Bheop to bo oounted in ono minuto as 666— quito a lightning system of counting, and only, wo should think, to bo aa- quired by vory longthouod praotico. Tiie Burrdm Coal Mine.— Information has boon forwarded us (says tho Wide Bay dVews) that a gontloman who arrivod in Maryborough a short timo ago, from tho South, had visited tho Burrum ooal Mine, nud nftor a oomploto inspcotion of tho proporty, has expressed him self highly gratified with tho prospoot. Wo hear ho has axprassed his willingness to ex pend £15,000 or £20,00o in developing tho coal moasurcs. Suoh an amount of capital would of courso materially tend to a proper and economical working of tho coal soams, and wo hopo soon to hear of aotivo stops being taken to oommonoo work. A Queer Remoious Sect.— A religious sect which for some time has beon in oxistouoo in Siberia, is making many proselytes in tho Go vernment of Tamboff, Russia, In most most rospoots tho peoplo aro ortnodox Greeks iu their boliaf, but thoy havti adopted somo idoas whioh are of a decidedly revolutionary charac ter. Thoir leading dootrrine is that against marry on bocoming of ago. Added to this nro two othor dootrinoa which load us to suspect that tho body originated with woman, and has dovoloped under their influohoo. These doctrines aro that tho husband mns bo subordi nate to tho wifo, rocoguisiug her as tho head of tho family ; and that lie must at least onoo in n. wnnk r.onfnfifl his runn £n Ilia VinnaMirtlri ruler.- -D. D. Gazette. Sunda,y;Closino.— " It was a fine idea." said an native mombor of tho Lioonsod Victuallers' Association, in rcforonco to tha shutting up of tho publio- hoitsos on Sunday, " but tho public unfortunately didn't respond." I asked in what wo failod. " Well, wo counted on riots," ho explained. " Wo quito thought that plaoos would havo boou broken opou ; and that mobs would havo insisted on boing served in defiance of tho act nud the police. It's vory disheartening to soo pooplo Biibmit to tyranny so tamely aftor all tho saorilloes wu mado. It wouldn't surprise me a bit now if pooplo were to allow themsolvos to bo wcanod from thoir Suuday boor." This, it must bo romomberod, wns all said iu sorious oarnost. The innu was too molnuoholy to joico at tho failure of tho public to respond.— Attious, Leader. Pluokino Birds by Machine.— a pcoto- plutuo, or muoliino for pluoking birds, is tho latest Amorioau invontion, according to tha Live Stock Journal. Tho machiuory consists of a wliool n foot iu diameter, of whioh tlio odgo 1b providod with fingers or " piokors " of iudiu rubber, so urraugod that as thoy coiuo ubovo tho surfaoo of tho piakar table thoy clasp and pinoh whatover oomos in tlioir way, and as thoy pass below on tlio opposilo aide opoti again, roloaaiug tho feathers. Of thoso tho smullor fouthors aro blown by a ourront of air into a spout whilo tho hoavlcr onos falling into a V shaped trough, aro piokod up . by an automntio hand, bunahad, bound round with wire, aud thro wu into a . basket. Tho maohino is worked by u treadle, und au operator is nblo to pluok a fowl in a minute — a rato whioh by powor could, it is said, be inoronsod to 200 fowls uu hour. ShoOkino Aooidisnnt.— An nooidont of a torrlblq'Oharaqtor tho othor day bqfoll a littlo child / two yoars, tho grandson of a farmer! named Howson, who rosidos near WnhgunJfMv It appoars that ono day last' week, wlillo 'tho grandfather wns away working the littlo follow and an older ohild of tlio family, who was left iu ohargo, woro tho only ocoupants of tho honso. Tho girl loft tho ohild for a minute to got somotliing from tho outside and on coming back found the ohild onvoloped' in flames. Its dress had caught firo in en- donvourlng to dip a sop in a pot whioh was liaDging over tho fire. Tho littio girl with courage nnd promptitudo caught up tho burn ing ohild and ran with him to tho roadside, whore sho was fortunate to attract tho attention of a passor-by Tho girl liorsolf was badly burnod. Tho child diod from tho injuries durincc tlio following day.' —Leader. Stiokinq-Up.— Tho Talbot Leader statos that a daring caso of stioking-up, as roportod to tho polioo, occurred ourly on Thursday, I8th hist., on tho road from Talbot to M'Oallum's Orcok, tho nllogod victim boing a farmer named Alex. Smith. From Smith's statements it would appear that hu returned by tho night train from Ballarat, wbithor ho had boon to dispose of soino oattlo ; that ho had boon paid £140 by ohequo, whioh ho bad. cashed at ono of tho banks, .rcooiving iu exchange 100 sove reigns and four £10 notos. Tho monoy ho had carefully sown in ono of his waistooat pookots, und on arriving at Talbot, proooedod, aftor calling at ono or two pluoos, to walk to M'Gallum's Greek. Wnon soino distance boyond Mr. Photon's residence ho mot two mon, who wished bim " good night," and then demanded his 'monoy. Ouo of thom, at tho samo timo produoing a revolver, and' lovulling t ut his head, baokod him up against tho fonae skirting tho road. , Thoy thon out 'open tho pookot containing tho oash,- and on Smith re questing the return of >ir least a portion of it, " as ho was a poor man," was ropliod to by a refusal on tho ground that " thoy worn all poor men." A pieeo of oord wus thon produood with whioh thoy bound him to tho fonco and thoro left him, ho boing found thoro somo hours aftor by Mri Ludd, by whoin ho'.wus roloasbd. Tho Btutomonts mado by Smith to tho polioo .possoss soino poouliar feutues, and into their acouruoy inquiries uro being made. A Ghost Story. — Oostlomuino lias a " real ghost," in which supornatural wonder our contemporary tho Mail has a half-conoealcd belief. This is what thut journal Bays of tho faots Tho gontloman who saw tho apparition is not a " cruzy spiritualist." Ho is n devout man ucoording to tho strictest scot of orthodoxy, who holds spiritism and its surroundings iu holy horror und wholosomo contempt, but to uso his own phrase — "Seeing his bolioving." Tho gcntlcmtui has no objection to his name being known. Uo is Mr. Toal, of tho post oifiao. Tho locality is a villa nour tho lied, Whito, and.Bluo store, in Dovoton- strcot, and tho occasion wns tho night of January 1. Mr. Toal, on approaohiug liis houso, saw thou iiis sitting-room brilliantly lighted up, somowhat to his ostoui6hmout, as hu was not feasting his friouds that night. Ho lookod from tho out- Bido through tho portion of the window that was undrnpod by blind or curtail-, and thou saw tho "apparition," although ho did not at tho samo timo rogurd it to bo such, iio saw omergo from a ooriior of tho room, into which thoro wob no ogress,- and which was oooupied by a table, tho figure of a young man, " palo ns a ghost," aud ponsive. It moved to uud fro, and tho owner of tho houso was able to ourofully obsorvo tho dress nnd features. Mr. Teal tlion porcoiving thnt his visitor wus nlono, hastouod to lot himsolf into tho house, and as soon as lio got insido ho immediately oponed tho door of the room in quostiuu, when, to his astonishment, all wos dark. AIL the inmatos woro ut thut timo, in bed nud usloop, and thoro wnB no means of suddon ogress for an uuinvitcd visitor. IIo procured a lamp aud mado souroh everywhere, uvon to the oxteuc of looking up tho chimneys, but no intruder or trace of uu intruder could bo found. He is positivo thoro could no bo trick ns is suggested ; ho wns iu ptii'ieui', iiioiiku., auu piiysiultT nunitii UI.L11U Limo, and lio says thnt his mind was not in anywiso occupied which would load to liis imagining ho saw tho thing which certainly bo snys ho did sco. But tlio wonder doos not uud hero. Noxt night, after ho htul retired to rost, tho wholo houso was disturbed by kuookiugs ou tiie wulls. Ho rose uud mado must oiueful souroh, both outsido uud- inside, but nothing could bo found in tho faintest dog roc to itccouut for tho phenomena, tin real did thu lutxor booome, thut, ulthough circumstances uompcl tho family to livo thuro by duy for tho present, tboy all tuko thoir departure direotly tho " witching hour of night " comes, not having any desire for ghostly company. Mr. Toal did not know before, but ho has learned since, that tho locality wns assuoiatcd with strange phouomena boforo. It is said that upon ouo occasion a previous inmate felt tho bod on which himsolf and his wifo lay floating in tho uir. Ho had tho presence of mind, so goes tho story, to wot the paper of tho wall with his finger moistened with saliva, nud lo ! in tho morning tho marks woro found to bo oloso up to tlio coiling. 