THEATRE P„OYAL. Sill. DAMPIER'S HAMLET. A new sea son opened at the Theatre on Saturday night, when Mr. Bampier, a gentleman of whom we lutve heard good reports from the neighbouring colonies, made his first appearance in South Australia iu -the arduous role of Hamlet before a large and decidedly sympathetic audience, ns was evinced by the reception he met with on I lis first entrance and the hearty applause with which he was greeted at various points of the performance. The part is certainly an ambitious one for any actor to make his delnt in before a strange audience, as first impressions are often very lasting, more especially first impressions formed of the ability of a public performer. The amount of genuine success which Mr. Dumpier achieved proved that he had not over-rated his own ability. His portrayal of the complex and difficult character of the unfortunate Prince gives evidence of careful and earnest study accompanied by a large amount of intelligence. Although Mr. Dampier presents much that is novel, and although there are many points in his impersonation which will excite comment and difference of opinion, every one who has witnessed his portrayal of Hamlet will readily agree that his good qualities far outweigh the bad. What Mr. Dampier's real conception of the motif of Hamlet's conduct aud the object of his life is was not very clearly conveyed. If we understand him aright, he begins with the hypothesis that Hamlet's madness was merely feigned—an assumption which we have before stated we do not think is warranted by the text, but which is undoubtedly the most effective for the purpose of stage representation. If Mr. Dampier does not show any consistency in the Hero's actions he is justified by the language of the play. Any one who has given the character serious consideration must see that Hamlet has no settled purpose in life after his mind is unhinged by family troubles. His acts from first to List are not influenced by any fixed object, and the retributive deed at the close in killing the King is done on the impulse of the moment, and is induced by circumstances which he lias had no hand in bringing to pass. In one or two scenes Mr: Dampier's acting might have conveyed the impression that he believed Hamlet's mind was temporarily unstrung, but the idea was never fully demonstrated. The phase in the character of the unfortunate Prince which Mr. Dampier most prominently displays, and Droperly so, is his very affectionate nature, as shown in his intense love for his dead father, his guilty mother, his gentle mistress, and his faithful friend. Mr. Dampier, who has a good stage presence and strong, well-cultivated voice, adopts the flaxen wig. He dresses the character in a manner which is dissimilar from the tunic traditional dress as worn by Mr. Brooke, or the short doublet such as was introduced by .Mr. Montgomery and Mr. Fairclough. He also has a cloak reaching nearly to the knee hanging behind like a hussar's jacket. Round his neck is a heavy chain, from which depends a miniature of his dead father, of which considerable use is made. A number of alterations are made in the situations, which are for the most part effective, particularly that in which the body of the drowned Ophelia is carried past an open archway at the back of the stage. Another use is made of this archway, which opens on the battlements overlooking the sea. In the tir:;t scene with liosencranz and Guildenstern the words, "This most excellent canopy, the air, look you,—this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire"—are spoken by the Prince standing beneath the open sky in a tone of exaltation as of one who loved the phenomena of nature. There is, however, another point which cannot be overlooked, aud which Mr. Dampier would do well to rectify. He takes, very great liberties with the text. Iu an ordinary play this may pass unnoticed, but iu Shakspeariau drama it is inexcusable. In his elocution Mr. Dampier is rather fond of marked contrasts. He speaks a few lines in a deeply solemn accent, and then suddenly breaks into a light and rapid conversational tone. Sometimes this is really appropriate, although rather opposed to the conventional idea of the " melancholy Prince," but at others it rather jars on the ear. Glancing through the performance the first point ef difference that attracted attention was in the ehost scene, where Mr. Dampier sank on his knee, and in that posture addressed the spirit. The speec-lu "Angels and ministers of grace defend us," was in part delivered in a rather sermonic toue; but the scene on the whole was impressive. At the words, " I am thy fathers spirit," Mr. Dampier drops his sword, and appears shaken with intense emotion. We hold it a mistake that Hamlet should repeat the word " murder' in a tone of surprise as Mr. Dampier renders it. Hamlet has strongly suspected the fact—that of his uncle s guilt—and his accent should be one of conviction or of deep horror at having his suspicious confirmed, but not of astonishment. After the disappearance of the spirit Mr. Dampier produced a good effect by standing apparently stupefied for a moment or two and then falling prone; but the realism would have been heightened if the fall had been seemingly a failure of the muscles to sustain the weight of the body, and had borne less the appearance of piemeditatiou. In the scene that follows with Horatio and Marcellus it may be admitted that as Hamlet afterwards reveals what has passed iu the ghostly interview to Horatio, his principal cause of distrust was Marcellus: but this hardly justifiesMr. Dampier in making his speech so pointedly refer to Marcellus alone as he does when he says—addressing him directly—" But you'll be secret;"'" and afterwards, " 'Tis an honest ghost, that let me tell you ;" aud, "As for your desire to know what is between us'' (pointing to himself and Horatio). The terms of the oath, too, were specially tendered to Marcellus, who then made his exit, Hamlet aud Horatio retiring into a small lighted chapel at the o.p. side, in which an organ is playing softly. Now we hold strongly that the text does not warrant the supposition that Hamlet and Horatio had already anything between them touching the scene that had just taken place, nor that Hamlet had determined to reveal the secret to his friends, though the fact that he afterwards did so favours the presumption that such was his intention. The language in the scene obviously refers to both Horatio and Marcellus, and should be addressed to both. To the meeting with Rosencranz and Guildenstern reference has already been made, but there were two other points in this interview worth noticing. First, the violent manner iu which Hamlet says, referring to the actors, " the King shall be welcome;" and afterwards, on hearing that they are not so favoured as formerly, says, "It is not strange, for my uncle is King of Denmark," as though he could not get the King out of his thoughts. The idea was a good one of causing the two sycophants to wear medallions of the King round their necks, which Hamlet handles, whilst saying, "Those that would make mows at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats a piece for his picture in little," The fine soliloquy, "Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I," was given with considerable force, but it is questionable if it was not a trifle too loud. "To be or not to be" was spoken standing or rather walking about, and was not ineffective. An entirely new reading was given to the interview with Ophelia. The expedient of making the King and Polonius visible is used, and Mr. Dampier's idea is that Hamlet shall direct parts of his discourse at them; but when out of their sight and hearing he cannot resist showing the true state of his feelings for Ophelia, and so the interview consists of bursts of wild insult and impassioned tenderness. He draws Ophelia's head upon his breast when saying " I did love you once," which is gently spoken, then throws her off, and in frantic rage hurls the following sentence more at the King than at her; and where, speaking of his offences, he says, "I am very proud, revengeful, ambitious," he plainly addresses his concealed uncle, and at the word ambitious encircles his head with his hand as though to indicate that his ambition is to wear the crown. He tears the letters Ophelia has just given him to fragments, and throws them towards the King. All this was effective enough, but what follows we cannot commend. Most of the speech," I have heard of your paintings, too," was spoken outside, but a return was made at the words, " It hath made me mad." Ophelia had sunk on her knees in the middle of the stage when saying, " Oh, heavenly powers, restore him!" and remained kneeling. Hamlet, standing at the wing, calls her to him with the vulgar expression, "Isay." Then taking her in his arm9, adds tenderly, " "We will have no more marriages, &c.;," breaking into a rage at the words, "To a nunnery go." It will be perceived that in this the text is actually adhered to, which runs—" I say we will have no more marriagesbut the interpretation placed upon it by Mr. Dampier is, to put it mildly, a most extraordinary one. The play scene was very effectively presented, and the burst of frantic rage at the close was exceedingly realistic. The seeond interview with Rosencranz and Guildenstern was well managed 3nd thoroughly natural. In the closet scene it looked too suggestive of the purpose to which it would be put for Hamlet to come in with a drawn sword in his hand. This action, however, bespeaks thought on the part of Mr. Dampier, who has evidently taken the proper view that Hamlet would not be wearing his sword in the house, but yet might carry it with him on such an occasion as this to guard against treachery. As we have before said on a previous occasion, we regard the entrance of the ghost in this scene as an error, because it is only viewed by Hamlet, which impression is destroyed when it is palpably present to all eyes. The address to the spirit was given solemnly but calmly, and the voice lacked the emotional quality, but the appeal to the Queen was very tender and touching. Instead of the long black cloak usually adopted in the graveyard scene Mr. Dampier wears a short garment with sleeves heavily trimmed with fur, and conducts the colloquy with the gravedigger seated on a chest. The wild rhapsody at the grave was admirably rendered, and the contrast to the everyday tone in which the words, " Nay an' tliou'lt mouth, I'll rant as well as tliou," were delivered was very marked and striking. The notion of constantly making pointed allusions to the King was sustained here by addressing to him the words—" The cat will mew, the dog will have his day." The final scenes iu the tragedy were also well worked out. Mr. Dampier was greeted with hearty applause throughout, and was recalled at the termination of each act, which is conclusive evidence that he has made a favourable impression. Enough has been said to show that he has carefully thought out the part for himself, and has been actuated by a desire to present it in what he regards as a proper light. Though by no means devoid of faults, his conception of this very difficult role does him great credit and speaks highly for his intelligence and earnestness. We venture to sny tlr-it, putting all prejudice aside, few will be displeased with Mr. Dampier's Hamlet. 