DUTCH ANNA. , ' (Continued). * I tell you, Jack,' she continued, ad vancing into the midst of the group, and laying her hand on the man's arm, you shan't touch that woman : you won't; I know you won't. Bud enough you are-we all are, God knoe's-but there's no blood upon our hands yet; and,' added she, lowering her voice, 'blood will speak, you know-re member.' The man's countenance fell as the girl ut'ered the lrst words; he relaxed his hold of the knife; and Anna, taking advantage of his in decision, and the relenting expression she thought she read in the dark faces round her, related her simple story, dwelling particularly upon the danger the coiners would incur were elie missing, and their security in cayn she was allowed to proceed on her journey, after seeing her friend the clergyman. Taking courage from the attention of her hearers, she even ventured to re monstrate with them upon their dangerous mode of life, and intreated them to abandon it, and seek their sub sistence honestly. There was a pause of some minutes after Anna ceased speaking, during which the coiners exchanged with each other looks of mingled admiration and astonishment. At length one of them, who appeared to take the l?ad, ad dressing his companions, said, 'The woman has spoken well, and there is reason in what she says. It is true enough that murder will out; and though she is a stranger, she was known to come hero. Her disappearance might excite suspicion, suspicion would lead to inquiries, inquiries to search, and then all would be up with us; besides, a few weeks will see us clear of this place, if we have luck, and I think \- we-may trust her so long.' Then turning to Anna, he continued, ' You have a spirit of your own. and I like you the better, and would trust you the sooner for it; none but fools rely on the word of a coward, but one who dare speak the honest truth, without fear or favour, when in peril of life, is not likely to break faith, I think ; so you shall go free, on condition that you take a solemn oath not to reveal to any one the events of this night until six months have passed ; by that time we shall have quitted not only this neigh bourhood, but the country, and,' he added with a laugh,' the ghost that has kept all the men in-quaking after dark, like a pack of frightened children, will be laid for ever. Have I said well, my comrades?' There was a general murmur of assent, and the man continued, 'Recollect, then, that if you break your oath, your life will be the forfeit; we have means to as certain and punish treiichery; and should you attempt foul play, you can no more esacpe our vengeance than here in this lonely place you can resist our power. Will you swear, by all you hold most dear and sacred, to keep our secret inviolable for the time agreed?' To this pro position Anna, as will be readily believed, joyfully assented, and being conducted by her strange acquaintance back to her sleeping apartment, she most gladly, when morning dawned, bade adieu to the scene of her singular and alarming "adventure. On arriving at the clergy man's house, she was not sorry to find but low of the family stirring, as she naturally wished to avoid much questioning. In answer to the in -quiries which were made as to how she had passed the night, she said that 'she had been much annoyed and dis turbed; and though she avoided entering into particulate, she strongly advised that no one should be per miitted to try a similar experiment, assuring them that she believed few could pass through what shie had done without sustaining severe, if not permanent injury from it. Having thus, as far as lay in her power, ao quitted her conscience, she pursued her journey. In a few days she arrived at home; but it was not until several months over the time specified had elapsed, that she related the adventure to me, in order to show how little dependence is to be placed on the stories told of ghosts nnd haunted houses. As Dutch Anna said, ' Evil men have generally more to do with -such stories than evil spirits, and, after all, it is possible to give a certain gentleman and his agents more than their due.' (Concluded.) 