SOME ELECTION EXPE ItlBNOMS. BY ONE or THE DEFEATED. If a man wants to appreciate the LIOOIC of Ecclesiastes thoroughly he ought to become a candidate for the Victorian Legislative Assembly, and-get defeated. If he rejected the inspiration of all the rest, he would feel inclined to put in a saving clause for that oft-repeated statements Solomon's, "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity," more especially about the time the last returns were being read that fixed the dire result. I wonder what has been the total amount of the exulta- tion and jubilation on the one hand, and the weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth on the other, since the results of that fatal 11th of May I fear that the balance has been terribly on the side of bad language ; but I hope for the best. Could we, Asmodeus like, have lifted ourselves up above Victoria on the night before mentioned, and have taken in at a glance all the crowd?, and groups, and committee-rooms of the colony, what a spectacle we should have seen. In one camp rejoicing, cheering, fraternising, congratulatory assurances that " The country is saved," "A glorious victory for the people," "Our liberties shall not be trampled under foot, and so scenes: In the other sighing, mourning, woe, and lamentation mingled with objurga- tions both loud and deep, and vigorous ex. pletives bursting forth like Vesuvius in erup- tion. "This country is going to rain fast, sir ;" " The beastly idiots, who don't know how to use their votes ;" "Utterly disgusting to any man of sense ;" and BO on-I quote only the mildest. There is one feature in common, though both parties nobblers. The victors take a drink (a drink, do I say !) j to celebrate their victory ; the losers do the same to comfort themselves in defeat. The winning candidates strut round, and smiling radiantly on all and sundry, shake hands with uncommon heartiness. But I needn't proceed too far, for I am only describing this from what I have been told. The losing candidates, in some cases, look solemn in othere.strtjgglo bravely to appear unconcerned, or even jolly.' Indeed, a few try to look as if being beaten were rather a pleasant sensa- tion than otherwise. As a rule, the attempts to look unconcerned and jolly are failures. You may depend on the accuracy of this statement. One thing, however, is certain; and that is, that the result cannot be altered; and it shows our British origin that the verdict is accepted loyally by the defeated. Here we have no revolutions, appeals to arms, in- surrection, and such-like folly. However disgusted we may feel we yet acknowledge that the majority have won, and that we must now wait to see the outcome of the policy that has carried the day. But I find I have begun with the end of the election instead of the beginning. First of all comes the requisition and its flattering request that you would be good enough to stand for the constituency of Bankville a request which you receive with " wreathed smiles," and in the most timid, blushing manner accede to its prayer, whilst deprecating your own abilities, and saying some very modest things of yourself, a piece of exquisite humbug that every man goes through in his life regarding something or another. Then comes your address, and after that the deluge-of criticisms. Mr, Brown glories in your outspoken views and independent attitude ; Mr Jones thinks you are trying to please both parties-" running with the hare and hunting with the hounds, in fact ;" Mr. Robinson admires your clear and lucid statement of your opinions; Mr. Smith can't make out what you're driving at in that address of yours Mr M'I'aggart is sure you are going in, and is open to bet unlimited new hats on it Mr. O'Toole opines that you haven't the ghost of a chance, and broadly in sinuated that you will never go to the poll. One supporter admires your programme as a whole, but can't swallow your ideas about a land-tax; another can't see eye to eye with you on the education question ; a third is going to vote for you on personal grounds, but looks upon two-thirds of your views as great rubbish." One opponent would like to vote for you, but his conscience won't permit him to vote for any man who would reduce the duty on works Number two regards you as "agin the people " Number three Holds that any man in favour of the "iron hand" deserves to be sent to Siberia and thus you have very lively times of it until your speeches take the place of your address, and fresh occasion for fresher criticism is given. Once fairly committed to the contest the candidate is supposed in most cases, to "work up the district in the way of can passing To a man with a sense of humour and a little philosophy-it needs a little this is real fun, and by far and away the most enjoyable, if indeed not the only enjoyable part of the work Accompanied by some trusty friend or warm supporter, you call upon Mr A. With Mr A it is the plainest of plain sailing He has read your address, or heard you speak, quite approves of your principles, and will do all he can " You may depend on me, BIT, what I say I stick to John A- means what he says, and says what he means There is no gammon about me." You are delighted, smile brightly, shake his hand cordially and leave with an added sense of confidence in the result of the polling You then direct your steps to wards the residence of Mr B-, who receives yon cautiously, hears what your introducer has to Bay in a critical manner, listens in the same way to what you say yourself, and then tells you with as much suavity as he can muster that he never tells no one as to how I votes ' Your friend endeavours to pooh pooh Mr. B-out of his voting taciturnity , he expatiates on your manifold ments in a way that would cause you to blush if you were not a candidate but I find it takes a lot of that sort of thing to make one blush very deeply. All your friend'S eloquence is of no avail, Mr B ' Will see about, he " Will think over it "The man as I think best shall have my vote, and so forth. I marry you both go away Bmihni, as pleasantly as you can under the circumstances requesting him to think over it and give one vote anyhow You feel instinctively however, that the chances are against you in that quarter, and there is a slight fall in the barometer of your son LI dence. You next visit is to Mr. C, whom you know to be an out and out stonewaller pro sectional c He knows you in the distance and as you approach begins to clear the decks for battle. In most cases extreme politeness characterises the preliminary part of the light, but on the direct request for his vote Mr C ponía forth a flood of eloquence straightaway. "No, sir, the liberties of the colony were threatened by M'Culloch an i hin 40 ganger My blood boiled when I think of the iron hand. And then again look at the squatters they are devouring the whole country up, and M'Culloch is a squ i' ter, and is working for the squatters Now Is the time for the people to assert their rights, the people will not be deprived of their heritage L- You feel it is no use attempting to get this vote, and BO speak out with uncommon frankness, "My dear sir, the stone wall was one of the most ridiculous structures over erected by a lot of unreasonable men. G P Smith well said that when the tongue is used not as the exponent of ideas, but as a brute force, it deserves no more consideration than the club of a savage. Granting even that the people were with the stonewallers does that justify an illegitimate use of the form! of the House Do two wrongs make a right The talk about an attack on the liberties of the people is the Biicoicet bunkum, and you know it. Are you stonewallers the only men who love liberty in a British cm. munity i.s. been the fun was fast and furious the roar of verbal artillery resounds throughout the fields, the musketry of sarcasm, the field pieces of logic and the heavy canonry of facts and figures, are mutually brought to bear on each other B positions, but beyond that I greatly tear my military comparison won't go I am number Seeing a statement that it took so many hundred or so many thousands forget which, and it does it matter much of bullets to be discharged belo a one man who killed. Poor as this average is, it greatly exceeds, the notice of a pa Jiticul discussion You may discharge tens of thousands of parcels to bullets, and stud tons upon tons of logical cannon balls at your adversary, without having bin in the slightest, or making him strike his ill' and I dimly suspect that when once any of us have made up our minds as to what is truth, we can stand an immense aBsiu"' without being much moved Anyhow, our stonewall friend remains unshaken; the none of the battle comes, and you go away. It depends upon your adversary's character whether you mourn over his hardness of heart, or pronounce him curtly to be an act. I said that canvassing was perhaps the most er joyable, if not the only enjoyable thing to the ctyndidVo about an election. On second thoughts that's wrong. There is a wondrous fund of amusement about the meeting? premising always the absence of tomatoes and only a moderate quantum of boobook. You of course, are more than punctual, and while waiting for the hour to come round you note, whilst carrying on a conversation with some of your supporters the various types of men that are rolling up " Verily, some of the free and independent are fearfully and wonderfully made. The short, the tall the bl?, Ino small the 1st, the lean the dull, the keen, ' all have their representatives here , great ram shackle men, little wiry, dried up men c um oily made men, who ce upy an immense space when they sit, down, smart looking men whose figures are a study, men with faces betokening intelligence and capacity , men with lack lustre eyes and imbecile expression Here is the respectable man who whether a working man or a gentleman impresses you as the element of stability on which all Governments must build , there the dirty seedy loafer, unwashed in face, in keeps in hair, the vermin of the body poll c On your right is the man who is going to oppose you ' tooth and nail, air, on the left your staunch supporter, who means to make it very warm for all and sundry who will not bow the knee to his Real, before you the man who is sick of both parties, who thinks the country is just about insolvent, and doesn't care who install them candidates wants is the £300 a year. Their talk about patriotism is all bosh take my word for it, what they're looking after as the screw ' Near him the man who thinks Australia the finest country under the sun, and positively warms you up with his cheerful views of men and things, and so one might go on for an almost endless round of men and all racters Somewhere about the time-per bags allowing a quarter of an hour or 20 minutes for the laggards-a chairman is elected and you commence. As a rule the country meetings are orderly, but now and then you meet with a character or two or an incident worth remembering I recollect one evening I was expounding something or the other, and doing it entirely to my own satisfaction if to nobody else's, when a half drunken elector sitting by the fireside said in tones of intense conviction, "Kotthoff This spoken in the midst of perfect silence without turning from the fire, or even moving a muscle, convulsed us all with laughter I quite forgave him the politeness of the criticism for the sake of the way it was given. On another occasion an ardent; mona who had also imbibed too freely, electrified us all by suddenly asking in the midst of my speech, in tone of reproachful remonstrance, "How can you talk such stuff' You don't know what you re talking about. You really don't " That brought down the house I couldn't help laughing at the humour of the thing, that I felt very savage at having a really good part of my speech spoiled by one of my own supporter s Having got through your speech, the questioning comes on, and often that a great man You are expected to be a sort of walking encyclopedia, to know all about everything, and to have pronounced opinions upon every subject that it may enter the erratic fancy of any elector to ask yen about. " The man who hesitates is lost," and accordingly you answer with a sort of jaunty off handedness that would sometimes lead you into considerable streets were you only pushed to the logical issues of your replies. Does No. 1 inquire about a railway, you know all about that railway, and would be almost prepared to state the quantity of any friction grease that will be yearly consumed Deco No 2 ask about farming ; you briskly expatiate about the rotation of crops although you could hardly tell a field of turnips from a field of potatoes, and couldn't tell a crop of barley from a crop of oats if it were to save your life Dees No 3 desire your views about some clause in the Land Act, you are " all there on the subject, although up to that moment you hadn't the remotest idea such a clause was in existence , but, indeed were No 4 to ask you about the metempsychosis of the origin of evil you would be prepared to explain the whole affair in the most lucid manner. After a time the brisk fire of questioning ceasES and the chairman intimates that if there are no further questions he will be glad to have a vote of confidence This is duly proposed and seconded and as a rule carried unanimously. Mark that you aspirants for future fame as coming from one of the defeated ' Were the votes of meetings any criterion, all the candidates would be returned. After the meeting there is an adjournment to the bar, and if there is one degrading element in our elections it is this I am no teetotaller, and see no harm what ever in a quiet glass of wine between friends or friendly supporters, but I register a solemn vow that if ever I stand for Parliament again, I will put a stop to radio criminate _" shouting' so far as I'm concerned I confess I can't feel humorous over this, I have the whole thing with a bitter and uncompromising hatred. It lowers a candidate in the eyes of every man of spirit, it degrades the electors by an turning the form of the meanest and most debasing bribe There are detestable tooth who measure a man s generosity by his lavish expenditure in this kind of thing Such miserable wretches are unfit to exercise the franchise they are the vermin of the body politic to which I have previously referred I know of no sight more loathsome than that of men who should know better cringing round a publichouse bar expecting a drunk, and allowing the exercise of their highest rights-the rights that mark them as freemen and not serfs-to depend greatly upon whether they get a paltry ' nobbler' or not Such men should be under a despotism, for they are too utterly despicable to deserve a voice in the affairs of their country, they are the concern that disfigure and out into the body of which they form a par-' At last the polling day comes big with the fate of candidates Who will attempt to do justice to this theme in a short sketchy paper like the present ' Why one could take all the space in des rising this day only what exciting Bcerjci -'o being enacted in all parts of the electorate what vehement discussions between your friends and your face, the former painting you as a little lower than the angels, the latter painting you as for give me, if I Spare myself any harrowing details '-I remember Mark Twain's exquisite description of his running for Governor of the State, and bow his opponents trained mare dirty little children of both BOYCE and mixed colours tomah on the platform, clasp his knees and tell him "rather We have tquitetis»n to that height of pul', warfare yer, but were getting on Election day is a magnificent opportunity for Killer mud throwing Hosts of electors get as a. special humpback o' glum' for that particular day, and the no erring aim of their Cat full of mud is some thing to be wonders at. Yet, all in all, our Australian elective J I O JB honour-we must expect some 1> t'ts vexing scent and when we compare our elections here with the same thing in other parts of the world we may well feel proud of the order and good feeling that on the whole prevail amongst us Cabs run to and fro conveying electors who in most cases would record their votes if cabs weren't in existence in many instances you convey just as many foes as friends and the former look on this little bit of meanness as a small victory for their cause. In the groups are eagerly discussing the probable resUlt; here and there some small orator is haranguing a crowd either for or against you. You yourself go bustling about from booth to booth, though what earthly good you do I have not been able to discover. Business is nearly wholly suspended ; the air seems full of excitement. The hours fell rapidly by until the decisive 5 o'clock comes, and the battle is practically ended. Let me now present the painters of this colony with a first-class suggestion for a real "live" picture, and that is, "Waiting for the Returns," or "Reading the First Return," or something of the Port. Never shall I for. get the reading of the returns on that eventful night. We thought, and our opponents thought too, that we were certain to win. The first return that came in gave us a considerable majority, and all was gladness, jubilation, and song in our camp. The toil, to our profound astonishment, was against UP, and soon they poured in thick and fast with only two exceptions, all the one way Yd powers above ! The faces in that room were a Bindy indeed. Around a large table was a ring some five or six deep of the most woe-begone, misery stricken, ogony-3uft'ijring countenances that mortal man could see. At first the conversation was loud, general, and confident, but it gradually dropped into a subdued, chair mined key, that told of a great weight of Borrow, occasionally broken, however, by some overburdened soul relieving itself in hearty, earnest swearing, that came evidently from the very bottom of the heart. At first I felt as bad as the rest, but as I looked at the ring of lengthened, solemn witness, and noted the melancholy tones of St. race and the dead silence of others, my sense of humour was tickled, and I really enjoyed a good, hearty laugh the statement may seem incredible, but it's a fact. At that the final return came in. The melancholy total showed we were beaten by 114 votes. ? Then came a storm of invective against the idiotic folly of an unthinking majority. was there sense, or reason, or taste, or appreciation of good left in the country when such things could happen ? One or two anxious inquiries were made as to the amount of passage money to Fiji ; several assurances were given that the country was going to the dogs ; others saw clearly that democracy was a failure ; others that payment of members was the greatest curse ever inflicted on the country, others were convinced that liberty was a thing we had more in the name than in the reality, and that we were unworthy of being called a British people In the midst of the day I called for silence briefly and heartily thanked my supporters, pointed out that we were beaten by the " and M'Culloch craze," and that we must hope for better times. A part ing glass was drunk, then some went to bed, others went on the rampage until all hours in the morning out of sheer spite, and so ended the great political battle of 1877, and my experiences therein. 