1',blic Schiool Leagune, L tX meeting of frionds of the No Wales Public School League was SDruids' Hall, L"mbton, on Mondi , the l1th iustant. There was an a ttendance; Lewis Thompson, Es., &i;'OuA.IUMN said the present meeting ,n brought about by the cammittoeet e? ceting last week, in view of the then phlitical matters Certainly tbi: l l ittle different, now; but the meetinl ot do any herm, as a dissolution wa :';o take pLaceo in September next, if not .: hat time. This being the c3se, it wo -;:?erativo duty of the Loaguo supporteri ::a the look out for aeuitable represents. With this view the meeting weo in the interest of themnselve " he colony at large. They we, ,nion that the principles of the a were the best suited to the edua. wants of the colony; it was therefore 'duty to bestir thomselves, and ha?s a lo person chosen as a represntatiq \- rould advocate in Parliament the pria. in which they believed. He wnud advisa a:ers not to be too impatient, as they not expect to get all they required at They could not expoet to get their : .programme carried out in the lint um of Parliammnt but they must be con . to r.e€ive what they can get, atd rvero until the whole has been ,.ved. And when the whole of their , ciples were embodied in ,a Bill and carrieul ugh Pasliament, it would be a basis upon ce future ag.e would form their systea Sduoatimn. (Gheers). .Io then called upon thle Roy. W. Robson o jnove the first resolu in. as follows:. ,Tnat, in the opinion or this lreeing, nc p:ogramme yet submitted to th. public, isse vwell calculated to overtake the educational wa to of t o co nt-y as that of the Pbli, cholol League." 1ev. W. Roeso, was received with ap. pshue. He a it he appeared L~efore thos eimply as a iellow-ci izrn for the purpose of ayig son 4thing in favor of the Pu olieSchool .Leaguo. Jn the ficet place, the programme of the League proposed to give the colopi a truly nat:olal systen of education ht one time, it was tonside:ed highly dangeroa to plao- educetion within the rea3h of the msse, of the popie; but that day, he hoped, was past and gone. HI then read an xtri.cet from Dr. Chatlmners, which advocated the education of the working ci ases. The speaker thought that it was imperative that the people should be cducated, for several reasons. For iustan:e, the poliical p3wpero the country lay in the hcni of the people in this colony where there is manhood -uffrsage. Mr. RIobrt Lowe, in one of his speeches said, '. Eduate ytour masters;" and this app'il d to the people, who possessedthe uower of returning members to Parliament for the purpose of msaking l?ws, and governa. iug the coantry. Anud if the people adopted the pricuiples of the League, they would be much better edueated, and therefore would b:tter u.derstrnd the responsibility which rested upon them in recording th ir votes, ani better men won hbe re.urnedto Parliament. A gain, the masses of the people were expectes to obey the lacs; and how could they do this properly unless they were sufficiently ede. cated to understand the laws. Mforoover every man in the colony had to boar the e-penseof the present sJucational system. Then why should it not be brought w:thin the reach of every child in the land ? (Hear, hear) Bat what are the facts? Last year the Pulia. meot vo:e. a quarter of a million for educa. tional purposes, and notwvithstanding the expenditure of thi, large amount of mooey, there were from fifty to sixty thousand chil dren who were rucriving no education whSt. ever If there were any probability of the present Act overtaking the wants of the peop!o there might be some excuse fsr Satience, but as there was not the least pro. Sii ?it was time for the Leagne of the old system had failed to do--make evry chi!d in the colony able to read asd write. The secular part cf the League prin ciples atas the ghost with which its adver saries had fightenel them:elves, and tried to sncre other people; and if the true in terpretouin of the term was what the . ibl Combination had made it out to be, th.re would be good grounds for their oppaition. But if they won d take the trouble tolooe up the pro.nt r ct they would there fad the true interpretation of the term, and die. over that thor, was not'ohing so vory terrible about it after all. They would also find that the charges of godlos- aeas and infidelity which hid been made against members of the League, were unfair. One of the strongest reasons for the opposition raised to the Loague, was that th.y proposed the aboli'ion of all denominstional schools, at least as far as giing them S:ate.aid; and he thought the majosity of the people were of oninionthat Stat-o.aid to denomina. tinal schools should be entirely abolished which was nothling short of State-aid to re ligion and was a violation of freed?om and all religious liberty in the land. Nothing lay closer to his heart than the circulation and pr pagation of the B ble ; but he could not advocate the Combinationists' manner of teaching the Sacred Word. The mere lead ing of the Bible was not sufficient-Ki needed explanation; and to this the Com?oination, for obvious reasons, would object, as the Roman. Catholic teacher would not propound the Pro testant versiao of the Scriptures, and vice versa. If the Combinationists were to get the sway, it would lead to the Roman Catho lics demanding a special grant fur educational purposes-and with some show of reason; for how could any section ol the community ba ex octed to pay fLr the teaching of a religion in wh'ch they did not believe? A leading article appeared some time again the columns of the Sydney Mlorninyg Ueraol which bora out this idea, and pointed outthe fairness of the Roman Catholics demanding their share of the educational vote pro rata. TberJ was ano:ber fact, which. he could not omit to mention, and that was that the deno minations who we e most in favour of the League, wore doing more by Sabba'Lt Schools to give the chi:dren a religious train ing, than were the denominations who were making such gross charges of ungodliness and infidelity against the League. (Cheers). He came now to the con pulso'y clause. Then, it was well kaown certain classes of persons who from.careless. or avarice,.would not send their children to the schools, and the inopeators under the present system were of opinion that some law should be enacted to o tupel such people to have their childrsn educated. (Hear, hear). Thl oppoition to this was that compulsion was anti-British; but it was not more Eo in an Eduoation Bill than iu any other hlws in ihe statute. book. And we find that the nations which are foremost in education a Lopt compulsory meafures to force edu;ation upon the peoplo. This was true of Germany,. America, and now of England, where the compulsory law was being made more stringent than ever. It was only necessasy to point to the nigh bouring colony of Viotoria, where compulsory eduo >tion was the law of the land, and was found to work excellently; so much so, that during the last sestion of Parliamant the la s h Ad been made more stringent. This being the case, he thought the Leagu« might safely adhere to the compulsory part of t.reir programme. If education were compulsory, it ought to ble ree. The opposition o this was that free e.ucation would pauperise the people. The present sysem providoc that children, under certain conditdone, aon be edu:ated free; but the condi tions were pauperism. (Theera.) There could be no pauperism when -all were educated free, for each contributed propor tionately to the revenue. This year £280,000 was placo.l upon the Estimates for education, and probaily not sa. much as £60,000 would be raised by school fees. By this caloula;ion education at present was flve.sixttl free. Surely thereo could not bo muchs al ics taking away the other sixth, and making it free altogether. (Cheers:) If the people of 5 ydney oiutd send their chidren to the gam mar schools for the purpose of getting a superior educatin, fhe ohildren of the coun try had an equal right, and no one could be grudgo them an ordinary education at least. de had the utmost pleasure in moving the motion. (Loud applause.)_ . .... o r JAn's IF?uT.rn J.,, sconleol the motion. He said that after the eloquent speech of the mover of the resolution there was not much left for him to say, but he w. ould , neertheless, ondoavour to m8ko a few remarksl on the rengue. It had been asked, Why oppose the Public Schools Act of 1861? Because it did not moot the edmcationsl wa ts of the people, and because it had not accomplished the in tentiols of its raframers. If such is not the ocae, how is it that there are 80u00a i-of the mhildren of the colony benog reared in the blackest in oraeng. (:hoors). It this is the cer, have we not anright to s.tep in, and endeavor to pBass an Act which will re deem this disrae:ful stats of things, and clear the c?intry of the stain which has been eadt upo n ie . Iead ser. Parkos passed his aBill so?i was ?imt framed, things would hae been dliffrent; but he erubmitted to such a trimming, tsat eveu its friends did not kn~w it. lHe malig. ed the clergy, and charged thea people with bing mo:e tools in their hunds; but he afterwards tfound the influence of the clergy of doinr benefit to him, conie osently the Bill was a mrse abortion. The Bible iombination wished the Bible to be ltaught in the publi: schools. Very well. .B'tt one naturally aeked, "Wuhicl Bible wo?s it to be? ' for every man in the ountry had a sight to dcand dthat it shruld be trhe Bibla which he believed in, to the exclusion of all other. But, granting that the Bible was admitted as one of tie .school-books, who wa toteach it? Weas it to be taught by all clauses and conditiono of teachers. perhaps by those who dd not believe in any Bible ? If so, they would hLave a pretty state of things How was it that the adfsoceates of the Bible Combination het not availed them selves of tihe clause i tho preseB.t Bill, which gave them liberty at certain poriods to visit the schools and diffuse their various religious d egmas He coutd prove that many of them ha e nacor beeninside a publiT senool. Then why make such a fuss about the bible teaching woaen they would not teach it when they had the epportunity? If a man was seen crying out for nwater t·o drink, and , poel alo.e to him would you not aell him a fool? (Lahlter). Such men were morel Ilum'ugi. hhs ect wa, that such people wisheI to have the ltiblo taught ; bet they were too lazy to teach it. (Hear, hear) Thiey were afraid of edaucs.tieg the children They found that it did not answer their ends to teach the people to kinow how many beans make five (Cheers.) There were thousands of children who had come into existence sine the opasing of the Educrtion Bill, who were bring broeght up in total ignotancee It wa a hrefore tine that someone else took the matter in hand iwho woul remedy trhis lmentable state of things The object of the Leagut we s tw , throw tall religios doltmas to tile winds of heaven, and to teach the chiden that ro;igion was not partyisno They crished to place a! on a level; and dispel all reliciocs differences. The Loleague were of oinion that the terip tureu Lesrson wr mer saticint. H1e kneob ministers who hal 'nreful'y examined these lessons, and whio were cf opinlion that no sane mi n can i i r a -iegle word of objection to them. If tere weOre any amm bination men present, i" would challeuge them to daee to icy the eloele Bibte apes. to their children. cThi . would ay, No; there wier somen s ptlorin f tho deOipture is which were only fit for ature inds. Im the therm "secular" reily moent what thu Combina tion Construaea It to unees , every man in the colony would r ti.e hi f hand snt voics to oppose its intro-tuctios. But the:i object was the same many ohe o ddopt, namely, to dfeat ithe?ir cpponnts bt ahbuse. w to eo comulsdory elanu e, was it more compul-T sivo two ask a a ool to becki his childrhn than it was to forte him toe feed them? The man who sent hi- etillren to sphool did not come under tll compulshry lausee. any more thaln tlhe man who, by honest luabour. muiutsined his family came under tle Wife' Mahintenance tBill.--( hleers), ned thereforedid not need to fear tither It wace only those wretches who would do neitier that ne h oeject, aid th ere ee some wretches of this rtlep Some of them who would go back to the birth of their ch ildren to prove that they are thirte n years of age it ordur eto get them into tlhe pit before they knew 1 frim a bull's fost. (Laugh ter ) He did all i his power t have a cianuseain sarted in the New coaln' fidd' Bill, prevent iug chidren fruiso enteridug the pit before they were able to read and write, but hce dod saot know that it would have the depired eff.ct. There was a clnuse in Sir James iMarin's Bill providi?g thet boys working in the rit should-go to school; and some of the teacheres hd offered to educate them free; baunt how many of them had embraced the opportunity? (hear, hacer.) As to t.hs free coiause shat the poor man wanted nwa, that the poor uan's child could receive the same opportuncities of education as thue rich maL', chaild. But was it nuot a fare to tal about free education, when the poor man with a lairgo fIursily contributcd more to the revenune than the rich ma rn in mose cases? What the pooe r mn saidl in this matter was: " We find the money, and we allow the rich man to pay it away to theschoA teachers." (Oheere.) If it weas paenuperism to pay the teachers from the psublic purse, then it was equally pauperism to pay the Crown Ministers, and tieo Governor weas no exeption. Biut such stuff wasol only clap trap, and got up for the purpose of throwing dust in the eyes of the people s It was no mat ter whic:h way'thu school fees were p~aid, buht there aere certain reasons which made them prefer the free sartem. They might talk as they liked, but e the teacher could not look open the child who did not pay his fee with the same liaducse as on the one who paid regularly. They might ll lim diffr.n tly, hut he had lived lont enough to know that the nuovt sensitive part of man ts ehis poctet (Oheers) TH knew may poor ptaeopo who kept thoi children a e at hm rtlir tian aend them to school without their fees. Whati the League eaited was to p lace tic children on a level, an ' give tise poor as good n oeducne tin a the rich; and this could not be done unless a free system were adopted. There was a systematic oppostion to the education of the poe or classes, for the rich know thart education is the great leveller .and cues Ilu macsee are educated, they will not be able to keep all the easy billets. Tihis was one on the g'oate.t reasons for oppo sition to edlucation. (Load cheers). The motion was then put and carried una i louesly. he Roev. B. KEoNmY then moved the second rese1ution. c"Tha this mestieg pledges itsola aet to support any eandidate at the next county slctibn, who does no engage, if eeated, to advocate and support, in Parli. met, uneasures that will make the principles ofthe leeguethe law of the land. The fevraond mover spoke at length on the p'itaeipl'e of the League, and the nso?eity oi wva.tahiug closely the candidates at this coming eleotion, asnd to make sure that their man was a thorough Leagumer atd not to be gilled by empty professione, as the electors of Northumberlaod were at the lavt election. H me md a lengthy and foreibl speesh, tand was freutrequtly cheered. Tlt. motion was seconded ny Mr. T. ABIde,: in a vecy able speech, and carried unanim ously. A telegram from Mr. Greenwood was then read, and eheered. The following is a Os0py : "Cannot come to night. Pares likely to -orm a stroag Qoveremarat. He willconsent * to sone education system, but not ours. We shell have to kep on for some time longr. We shall win finaely, f er no system is proeer able that falsh eort of oura,." Mr. JoxN BEVERID?E moved, and Afr. DAvIrs seconded, "That in view of the near approach of a general election, this meoeing deems it d'sirablo to rally the caus: of the League, and canlls upon is friends for.h vith to come forward and re-onrol tholrolvos; to aid it by their subs?riptions, and otherwise promoto its principles by their pJrdonal influence." Carried unanimously. Votes of thanks woere then accorded to the spoak.rs, the chairman and the Press, and the meeting closed. At the close of the meeting several new members joined the League. The committee will meet this (Wednesday) ovening, 