? » '!., '?* '? ' ' ».WjP .' ''' '' W'^' 1 »t ram author of 'ntx*. paslbigh,' ♦ LBWI8 ABUNBEL,' ETC. ETC. ' Of .course, Lord Alfred endeavoured ,to excuse himself, and wften Alice declined dancing, said, ?Very well; then he. should sit still too— all th« night, if die pleased, for he certainly should uot dance with anyone else.' So, after she had tensed fciii iintU he very nearly lost the litt'e Rood timber which the erents of the earlier jrart of the ? A^luLv k*.1 l«f+ him okfe **\Mr «*nmnoaflioil nn llltil. apfl danced with him twice coneecutively ; but ?jrben he urged her to do so a third .time, she re fujed ; and onbis pressing her, told him plainly, thiit ** her husband was away she fe!t bound to be mort than nsuiiUy particular, and that it was not etfmi*te to dance the whole evening with ouc gentleman; at' which rebuff his lordship was pUissl to take offence, and leading her to a seat, he hawed and . left her. Deserted t'.V hia |ady-love, and swindiwi out of his money by his psendo-friend?, this victimised young nobleman looked about for his fcwbteetot and adviwr— at once patron and pamsite — ftdraca D'Almayne, but for some time without success ; when at length he did discover him, he ?waa enraged in such an earnest private eonverwi tion/with some gentlemBn nnknown, that Uord Alfred felt it wbufdl)* ill-bred to interrupt them j a*cArding]y, heloruiRed through the rooms, resist i&^ejpenl introductions to ' great heiresses' and ? torslieat girls in London,' nil declared to be dying to dance ?with him, wandered listlessly into the re freshment-room, drank a tumbler of champagne and godswater, and was thinking seriously to turn JnRsnlKy and going home to bed, when D'Almayne seized him by the arm, exclaiming— ?Alfred,, mon etrer, where have you hidden yourself? I've been hunting for you for the i«*t Half hour. Why have you left la belle Covei daleP ?'? t Oh, yes ! that is good ! hooking for me, indeed, when 1 passed you twice close enough almost to bAuh against your elbow, and you . never even emv jne, so engrossed .were you plotting treason with some party unknown,' was the captious ??? Ungrateful ! when it was for youv interest I ? Ttjaeeipi'ting myself,' returned D'Almayne, re 'I*oachfuj!y ; ' iiiit you do not explain why you -fiw« quitted ^a- belle Alice ; you -really are not Efficiently attentive; no pretty woman likes to be ' * She's a little fickle, heartless coquette, and I'll ? Jet her see that I'm not so completely. her slave, a? ?5«' fepenrs ,tb imagine,' answered ' Lord Alfred, -enappMBly, at the same time filling his glass with chttnpaene ; ' she refused to dance with me move than tvuee because it was not etiquette, and she .wi&3dio be extra particular because her husband was not here. 1 don't think he\i overwhelm her wlSKWs attentions if he were, unless he mean? to alter very much. No, the fact is. she is out of huiilour,, and chooses to veut it on me ; it would , j«#tj|erre her right if I were to go home, nndlvavc ' her to her own devices,1 ? Do nothing of the kind, mon clier ; hut listen to me, and — excuse me, lrut dou't drink nny move chanipftgne, or you'll do something absurd ; your eCBije mend brewed tliatSlierry-cohbler too- stronrr. ?iBotjuietly -back to the Coverdiile ; try and ]-ersiuuk- her to dance, but if she refuses, s!iow no annoyance aild get her to allude again to her husband ; then cireiessly and incidentally, as if you had no-.(esi-*u in' what you wire saying, suggest tliat she would Bcarfcely be so particular, if she knew what a 1 'naughty boy he had been in Italy, and hnying exerted her curiosity, tell her the following little anecdote. ? As a bevy of men entered the refresh menferooin ?a£$at moment, D'Almayne, linking his arm with that' of Lord Alfred, led him aside, aud made to hjin a communication, the nature of which will ? appear in the due course of this history. Lord ?- -A1n«d seemed surprised, and, to his credit be it spoken, even pained, by the information thus afforded him : and when D'Almayne had concluded his andltdr remained a minute ov so buried in thought, then he asked abruptly— „' leu are sure their is still some clandestine uWletttahainf; betwfeeh thorn— you are -i'ito ctt^oinf1'. : . ...j'tiini ns cettein as d, man can be of any clandes tjn*hif^edlng.tb!Vi|JjlchJJ6isnotai)arty,' was the jjflSw'^'*'you are -aware of what 1 observed on the , ? '''cMasidn of.tlie Horticultural Fete. 1 now relate to you the antecedents; you are nn'lougei- a child, but sufficiently a man of Uib world to draw your own deductions.' ? ffid&droit; flattery on the weak point told: faith in truth and honour would agrue a want of know ledge'oT life ; so with a slight lough, assumptive AnotoniECienci; in evil, lie replied, '1 was willing to igivg. him the benefit of a donbt, if it were possible'; but, (is yon say, the thing is clear enough ; and now; how is this to advantage me ?' '.Dp you askr' was the surprised rejoinder ; ' I thought you told me jnst now that the cruel fair one had snubbed you, by tlirowinp her duty to &&r; hjjjsband at your head ; so it occurred to niy simplicity that this information, properly applied, would pi- event a recurrence of such re buff.' .' ' B'ut surely you would never have, me tell lier, ?nd. 'her own husband the hero of the adveiiture!' . expostulated Lord Alfred. ' Listen, nion cher, one moment,' was D'Almayne's reply, ajwken in a low, impressive voice; ' 1 do not wish you to follow any particular line of con ? daet;JI-hftTe no interest to serve, no desire to gratify, by your doing or abstaining from nny thing;-but when you tell me you desire to gam each and such a social position, and ask my advice 'as to the i best way of attaining your wishes, I, as your friend, point out the means to you— it is for you tpjiudge whether they are such as you choose to employ.' Tou must now excuse me ; ] see some old acquaintances of mine, to whose memory I am anxious .to recall myself.' . 'Then. you. real Jy advise me to tell her!' ex- claimed Lord Alfred, seizing D'Almayne's arm in his eAge'roes and indecision. ? * I rertlly Advise nothing of the kind, ' mon chev,' was the- reply ; ' I have already cautioned you against. thfttabrupt plain-speaking of yours; you should divest yourself of tliftt rustic habit. You cottld'dcareely- sin more deeply, afiaiust good taste and good breeding than to goto ' labella' Coverdale, and bring a railing accusation Against her husband, nor couldyou divine a plan more certain to frus trate .your, hopes and wishes ; but if, grieving over her misplaced confidence, yon philantliropically incljne'to'hint to her that he is scarcely the ini rnaculhte ascetic, her imagination depicts, ' e'est lout (tutre chose !' «nd now you must excuse me ;' and as the spoke, lie gently freed his coat-sleeve from Lord'Alfred's grft'sp, «ud regarding him witJi a half-carcastic, half»sonipassionnte, but wholly initBting smile, h&-,tun»d-aod -quilted the spot. ? TftroMeftto his own reflections, which were none of the most agreenbie, Lnnt Alfred paused for a few moments in indecision ; then, with a liand tjtojknlgif*' f rom excitement,- agsin ' 'replenished his glass, toesed«dowti file, champagne, and retqrned to .&e; dancing-room - During her admirer's absaice, Alice had, for want of some more interesting occujmtiou, been conrersihg with Arabella Crofton, using all her skill to try to elicit Jsomc particulars of her uc qaintftnee wiU) Harry in Italy, Sn which endeavour *ne had been most adroitafy foiled by the quiet self-possession 6f the ' ci- devant' governess, who told her most readily all she did not care to learn, sod nothing' that she did. As Lord Alfred ap proached, an individual was introduced to Miss Crofton, who' desired the honour of her hand for' the next polka, which desire that young lady oblig ?ingly gretified, thus affording bis lordship an np wrtnnity of seating himself by Alice, of which he instantly availed himself. 'It vis '.never right to believe in a fair lady's day,' hetiegan, * so-1 have returned to afford you an pf^prtrbity of ? confessing your change of mind wi'tli a good grace ; come, they are juBt going to begin a new polka, let us take our places.' * If Jadies do always change their minds, 1 am going to be the interesting exception which proves the rule,' was Alice's reply, ? Bow' provbkingly and unnaturally obstinate youBfeto-nigti. Mrs. Coverdale. Tou pretend to m fond of dancing, nnd yet, because I ask you, you resolve to tit feUll. M.hkvji already told you my reason,' rejoined Alice; ' in Mr. OoTerdftle'fi absence 1 do not choose to dunce the -whole evening with any one gentle maa.';f. ' 'Wtat.ft pattern wife you are, ' was the reply ; ' yon give apyour own amusement, and destroy all my pleasure, out of regard for the ghost of a scruple, which I dare say hag never entered Mr. Corerdalelebraio ; really, tie patient Grieelda was nothing compared to you.' Alice wass annoyed by his .pertinacity, and con peat her refusal in 'terms ?wliich WoiSJtJia-yeen^v ; ightenedhisloi'dship very copsMerabTV onrajee-j, points, when it flashed-across her that- Je inff ?; hare taken rather to muclichampagne; andM*e idea luivjng occuired to her, his fhwufed iace aW« ev citcdmannercouflrnied it. ?I(iving sufficient uk. pg ., for him to wish to prevent him from inaking'.nw* selfTidiculous.ahegood- uaturedly resolved to OX gi-oss his conversation herself, and, aware Of what she conceived to be the true state .of the case, not to take offence at nnythinghc nsighteay, intending to read him a lecture on the following day. in accordance with this resolution, she replied— ? I consider it a great compliment to be com pared to' the patient Grise), more particularly as 1 was not. of opinion that Mic and I had many qualities in common. By the way,' she continued, seeking t o change the subi'ect, and taking the first idea thnt occurred to her, 'what do you think of the lady whose chair you are occupying ? 1 have never asked your opinion of Miss Arabella Crof ton.' , ? The question was n most unfortunate one. Alice s continued refusal to dnncc with him had annoyed Lord Alfred, and wounded his vanity ; the reason of lier refusal was her absurd devotion (as he con sidered it) to her husband ; and now she, as it were, held the cup of revenge to liis lips by the question she had asked him. Up to this point his better nature had struggled witd the temptation successful I y, but now it had acquired nn additional strength, and overcame him. 4' 1 wonder you should care to know my ideas on the subject,' he Enid ; and us he proceeded to work out Horace D'Almayne's suggestions, his tone and manner unconsciously assumed a resemblance to that excellent young man s sarcastic and sugges tive delivery : * Miss Crofton is merely a recent and very slight acquaintance of mine. ; you should ipply to Mr. Coverdale— he could tell you many much more interesting particulars of her hirtory than 1 am able to communicate, if he were willing Lo do so.' All temptations to do things foolish or wrong ire ortbudoxly supposed to come from the Prince of Darkness ; if it bo su, the fact speaks very highly tor the intellectual capacity of that sable potentate us the said temptations invariably adapt them selves in a most wonderful manner to the various weaknesses and inconeirtencics of our nature, Thus, as Alice's speech lind, unintentinnnlly on her part, appealed to Lord Alfred's leading foible vanity, so, in turn, did his reply re-act upon Alice's vulnerable points— jealousy of. Arabella Crofton, and consequent curiosity ns to her former relations with Harry Covtrdale. Accordingly, forgetting time, place, proprieties, eveu her doubt in regard to the perfect sobriety of the person she wa6 ad dressing, in the overpowering interest of the question, she asked, hurridly— ' Why du you sny that ? to what do you refer ? lias Mr.Dovui-dale ever to!d you anything onthe subject f ' Lord Alfred smiled at the effect which his hint had .produced ; though, wheu he marked his victim's engw eye and trembling lip, his good feeling made one last appeal, aud he half reEolved to leave D'Almayne's communication natold. Hud he been completely himself, the good resolution woufrMiave been lornied and adhered to; but lie had 'put ail enu-niy into liis miiuth to steal away his brains,' and was uo longer able to control his impulses ; so, hy an effort, he silenced tlie voice of conscience, nnd replied — . ' I shall break no confidence by telling you why 1 supposed Mr. C iverdale better ' up' in Miss Crof ton's previous history than 1 aw, for he never mentioned her name iu iny presence ; indeed, now 1 come to thiuk of it, it is a subject lie always studiously avoids ; but my information relates to certniu romantic passages said to have occurred in Italy.' ' in Italy ! exclaimed Alice, Aghast at Jiis aj- parent realisation of all her vague fears aud suspi cions. 'Go on' she continued, impatie.nt!y ; 'I can listen to no hints aspersing' my husband's character ; if you have anything to say against him, do not eiisinuate it, but speak it out plainly aud honestly.' ' ileally, you mistake me,' was the reply! *] have no accusation to bring agaist Mr.. Coverdale: but-your question recalled to my mind an anecdote which 1 heard lately, J was amused. at yomretjuir lu(j information from me which your own husband was so much bettor able to afford.' * And what was this remarkable auecdote ? Pray let uie have the benefit of bearing it, iny Lpvd,' re joined Alice, ia vain trying to look aud speak in an unconcerned manner. ? Keally I tliink 1 Imd better not tell you ; you ladies an' apt to !-e a liltle jealous sometimes with out reasonable pause. ' Where ignorance is bliss,' you kjjowrrpr-,' .He paused with a tantalising smile, then seeing; from Alice's manner that she wns uot in a humour to be trifled with, lie con tinued— '.Well 1 see you inenn to hear it, so 1 may as well tell you at once— not that there is anything very wonderful to tell. You must know that, some three or four years ago, Alias Crofton being then younger and handsomer than she is now (site is not my style, but many people consider her vastly attractive still), was living as governess with a family of the name of Muir, and in that capacity accompanied them to Florence. John Muir, the eldest son, was an old college friend of Mr. Cover dale's, and meeting by chance in Switzerland, they joined forces, and spent two or three months at Florence, making oeeasionnl excursions into the adjoining country. Everything progressed with cheerfulness mid serenity in this Italian Arcadia, until one fine day the eliest Mies' Muir eloped with an individual who represented himself as a Neapo litan count, aud proved to be either valet or courier to the same. This broke up the party, and Mr. Coverdnle took his leave ; but scarcely had lie been gone twelve hours, when, lo and behold, Miss Crof ton, who had been much Warned for not having looked after the elopedj;witli young lady more closely (,1 suppose she was looking after somebody else), suddenly disnppeared. After hunting about Florence in vaiu', l'ater Families Muir somehow obtained a clue to the lady's whereabouts, follow ing which he reached a village some thirty miles distent, where he discovered MiBs Crofton, and, if my inform ant did not eir, Mr. Coverdale also. Whether it Imd been his intention to place her in that position now so much more worthiiy'fiiled, or whether he proj»osed an nrraugement of a less pemanent character, history telleth not ; suffice it to add, as Jhe books say, that t!ie eloquent repre sentations of Pater Muir induced the lady to return with him to Florence, whence he instantly dispatched her to England under some safe escort, while Mr. Cowerdale pursued his onward course to Turkey and the East.' He paused, but as Alice made no reply, merely concealing her countenance behind a voiumnious fan, somewhat smaller than a peacock's expanded tail, he continued — ' Such was the ' historiette related to me ; but scandal mongers are ft) given to exaggerate, that I dare say it is not half true, so do not worry yourself about it, my dear Mrs; -Coverdaje.- This consolatory codicil wns added because his lordship heard, or fancied he heard, a sound (ana logous to n. repressed sob proceed from behind the fan, and this pseudo-profligate young nobleman carricd.a very tender heart under his embroidered waistcoat. On receiving this information of her worst, nay, more thjin her worst, fears, Alice's first impulse woe to give was to a flood of tears— an impulse so strong thn), unable entirely to check it, the sob which Lord Alfred had partially overheard was the result. The story chimed in with her jealous suspicions fo 'exactly, that it never for a moment occurred to her to question the truth of it : on the contrary, it would have required the clearest evidence of its falsehood to make her disbelieve it. Having by a great effort repressed her tears, her next impulse was to prevent anyone, especially Lord Alfred, from jwrceiving how deeply his in telligence liad affected her. Accordingly she turned to him, and replied in as careless a tone as she could summon — . - ' A very pretty bit of scandal, truly ; and, as you say, worth as much, or as little rather, as scandal usually is; howuver, the tale has served to amuse me and put me in a good humour; so, as you seem to have set your heart upon another dance, 1 suppose I must exercise my woman's privilege iu your favour, and change uiy mind. They are going to waltz— shall we begin ?' 