THE LOVE OF A HUNDRED YEARS. (Concluded.) CHAPTER IV. " MR. BURDEN," said Cynthia, " I begin to see that you are an ideal kinsman. You feel precisely as I do about this feud. I don't know how it began ; there were political differences, and bitter speeches ;- Cousin John was well off then ;-and afterward there came lawsuits and estrangement. I don't know which side was in the right ; but I never could believe that it was best for us all to burden our hearts against one another, and I have tried to show John and his wife how I felt." " It was noble of you !" exclaimed poor Will. " That is like the Cynthia I had imagined." Miss Elderkin stopped short at this, and, for the first time during their talk, lost her self possession. " How could you imagine ?" she asked. " Did you know about me ?" " No," said Will, abashed. " Excuse me. It was another. You know there was a Cynthia Elderkin who lived here long ago,-an ancestress of ours." "Yes," said she ; "I have seen her grave in the cemetery, and I assure you, it was not a cheering thing." At this he laughed, and she laughed too, while the blush that his impetuous praise had brought began to fade from her cheek. " But does you father know of your visit ?" he resumed. " No, he doesn't ; that it why I told you. Neither he nor mamma knows." A grave, censuring look overspread Burden's face. " Is it possible ?" he muttered. Cynthia, too, grew serious. " I appreciate the disappointment this must be to you," she said, thoughtfully. "We needn't speak of that again, because you may be sure of my sympathy,-as far as it is right for me. But do not be hasty in judging my father. To-night you may come and see us and make your inquiries." "To-night ? " " Yes. I want you now to go down to the Yantic Falls ; they will interest you." The pair had come to a fork in the road, and, as she spoke, she pointed down the right-hand route: " Tbey are not far away." "But this road leads away from yours." "No ; they come together beyond." " Can I find my way to your house?" "Yes, easily. Every one knows Judge Elderkin's." The young man guessed her motive. She took the other road, but they kept each other in sight. He noticed now that she wore a chain of quaint gold beads around her neck, which glowed in the sun and wrought a kind of en- chantment upon him. The earrings, too, which he had first seen sparkling below her veil only two hours ago, shone like a well-remembered thing. Then she passed behind a house, and he fared on alone, feeling a lonely misery sud- denly creeping over him. He was not certain of anything. He could hardly believe that all that had just happened was real ; he did not know whether or not to consider himself quite sane ; and he wondered if Cynthia were a beautiful apparition sending him astray. Presently, he noticed a cemetery by the roadside, full of ancient head-stones standing askew amid clumps of evergreens, and showy modern monuments gleaming and bristling beyond. "She said she had seen her grave- Cynthia's grave," he murmured, " Is it there, I won- der?" Going on, he found his way at length to the falls. But there he fell to musing, and his musings grew bitter. He began to regret that he had come ; be felt homeless and weary. 'Thus, meditating and meandering, he found himself, before he knew where be had got to, in the midst of the town at the landing again. So, in a fit of melancholy, he entered the hotel, and gave up seeing Cynthia that night. Next morning, however, asking his way to the house of Judge Ambrose Elderkin, he followed the lead of the ushering elms once more. The Judge's house, like John's, was also old ; but it was splendid. Large, square and lofty, it had Queen Anne pilasters at the door-way, and a conservatory in the wing; its sides were made precious with custard-coloured paint, and the trimmings thereof were unflinchingly white. An immense elm-tree stood by the gate, and a gravel walk led up to the portal, where knocker and bell-knob gleamed together. A graceful figure emerged from the conservatory, carrying a diminutive watering-pot, and robed in light white lawn, with a blue sash,-and again the gold beads! " Why didn't yon come last night ?" she asked, good-humouredly. "I had half a mind never to come," «aid Will. " What ! Are you moody ? Well, forget it, now, and remember only that we do not know each other yet." They went in together. Cynthia disappeared upstairs, and left him in a grand antiquated drawing-room touched at evrey point with Enropean taste, though a tall clock of the old colonial fashion ticked with a homely energy, as if its heart was full of local memories. Some patches of bright, streaming sunlight lay on the cool, polished wood of the hall floor ; everything was spacious, gracious, graven, and reposeful, and Borden enjoyed it as if by birthright. The secret that he was to keep with Cynthia gave him a pleasant sense of intimacy, that deepened into excitement. It was with a delight mysterious to himself that he heard his kins- woman's voice in the upper privacy of the house, speaking as if to some one behind the door. "Mamma, there is a young gentleman here, a connection of ours, to make inquiries about the family-Mr. Burden !" He had almost believed she would not remember his name. Was she purposely speaking aloud? His well-inherited young head was full of whirling queries and agreeable confusions of this sort, when Mrs. Elderkin descended and entered, with Cynthia. The Judge's wife, like his house, was cool, smooth, and stately ; but she knew little con- cerning Will's progenitors. "There were Burdens here, long ago. Oh, yes !" was the substance of her knowledge. They had a good deal of talk, however, which ended in an invita- tion for him to come next day, to dine, and meet the Judge. "I'll come, you may be sure!" exclaimed Will, frankly. He left his hotel long before the hour, and idly strayed to the old burying- ground, instead of to the Judge's. There he roamed about for a time among the uneasy, twisted head-stones hardly knowing what he was in search of, until, with a shock, he came upon it. This was it : an old, thin wedge of slate, scrawled with a clumsy, chiselled cherub's head, and the inscrip- lion : Cynthia Elderkin. Died 1781. Tbs grave lay in a small space, inclosed by short evergreen trees. Something prompted him to approach this border and peer through an opening in it. As he had guessed, he could see from here the custard-coloured mansion of the Judge rising proudly, far away behind its mighty tree. I can't tell how it was, but the sight flashed a sodden conclusion into his mind, which he bad not foreseen, though now it came as easily as breath. Time and circumstance seemed to open out before him. Why should he repine ? At home, when the spirit of the lost Cynthia had first come to him, it had seemed an irreparable grief that this one perfect being should have perished from the earth before he had come to it. And now, behold she had returned to life, clothed with a new- born loveliness! How could he hesitate ? Did not time and fate conspire to bring him this gift ? Nay ; the very past had come back to assure him his happiness ! Full of these bewildering ideas, is it not strange that the meeting with Cynthia should well-nigh have thrown him off his balance. The Judge proved to be a man of massive and forcible presence, with a face like corrugated iron. But he was very gracious. He took a fancy to the young family pilgrim, and showed it by strongly urging him to resume his study of the law. He also brought up the old story about Antony's love, with which he seemed familiar; and, to Burden's mingled joy and terror, he revealed that it was the former Cynthia-Miss Elderkin's ancestress-for whom Antony had cherished his passion. This coin- cidence intoxicated the youth. He blushed, and come near losing his self-command. He did not see how they could talk of it so calmly, when any one must have seen what he felt toward the living and present Cynthia. Late in the evening Barden returned to the landing. He was restless, excited, happy, mournful. Passing his hotel, he strolled across the bridge over the Shetucket, and ascended a steep hill at the other end ot' it. Out of the dense streets rose a desultory, indeterminate hum ; the air was misty and warm, and the moon was up. Lights burned and blinked, and moved and went out among the houses, and the big illuminated clock in the City Hall tower shone mellow and unmoved over the whole. On the hill behind the town an antique belfry was darkly drawn against the throbbing sky, and a delicate arch of irradiated cloud curved toward it through the heavens. A multitude of thoughts burned in Burden's mind ; memories, dreams, and hopes all swarmed upon him with a maddening intensity. He thought of Columbine, and of Martha and his mother there without him. It seemed as if, just at that moment, there were but four persons in the world-these two, and Cynthia, stood beside him, she seemed so wholly his, so nearly sttainable. And then again she faded in the moonlight, and became as remote from his grasp as the ghost of her dead ancestress herself. Thus his passion for her glowed and gathered around him and then receded, and at length came on again, till at last he succumbed. He remembered that he had scarcely known her three days yet, but a voice in his heart cried out convincingly, " Have you not awaited her in your dreams and longings for years ?" He left the hill, went back to his room, and wrote. They had urged him at dinner to stay longer in Norwich, and he had promised to meet Cynthia the next day to drive about the town. But now he gave himself up to the writing of an impassioned letter, in which he explained to her the whole inner history of his life-his longing for sympathy, his love for the past, and the recent vision of his lost Cynthia. And then, beseeching her to forgive the suddenness and strangeness of his conduct, he offered her his whole heart and all his high hopes of future fame. It was not much to offer (he wrote), but it was all he had, and he did not come as one with a gift, but as one who begs unlimited bounty which nothing can repay. " A hundred years ago," he concluded, "Antony Burden went away with your name in his heart. I have brought it back, in mine!" This mad epistle he dispatched by a messen- ger the next morning, so that she might have time to read it at least before he should present himself. After that, he was not clearly aware of anything until he found himself once more going up the stately door-path and confronting the glittering knocker and brass bell-pull. Then, indeed, he yielded to a rush of terror at what he had done. But it was too late to retreat now ! He was ushered into the drawine-room ; almost at once Cynthia came in and greeted him, calmly, cordially and yet-as he imagined -with a certain gravity. But he was re- assured. "You have not received a-a letter ?" he asked. " Here it is," said Cynthia, cheerfully, taking it out from behind her jewel- clasped belt. "Do you want it back ?" He flushed and stammered, and could have sunk through the floor with agonised embar- rassment; but "Let us talk about something else," she said, quietly. *'Do you know that my father has become greatly interested in you?" Burden breathed more freely ; she had certainly not yet read the letter. " How is he interested ? ' " I have been talking to him about having you for a student in his office." This was very strange language for a woman to use to an ardent lover; and as Burden couldn't forget that he was one, it chafed him. "Have you read my letter?" be burst forth. "Wait," she answered, " you must listen ; I haven't finished yet. What do you think papa says? He smiles, and says : If you were only an Elderkin ! But, he likes you ; that is certain. Now, I know something which would change his opinion of you in an instant." She held up the mute, white letter, in solemn warning. " If I should read him this, he would say that you were either mad, or else a very foolish adventurer !" Burden was chilled, was struck with horror at her words. "Oh," he exclaimed, with a piteous awaken- ing ; I never thought of that ! And, do you think so? Do you, Cynthia? Tell me, quick !" " You must control yourself, Mr. Burden," she insisted. "No ; I believe in you, and I think I can see your life as you see it ; I see now how everything must have impressed you. But it is all a mistake, my friend, and I think I'd better give you back your letter. Let us imagine-for you have a strong imagination that nobody ever wrote it, and nobody else ever read it." " But, why ; oh! why a mistake?" cried he. " You are cruel." " Because, Mr. Burden, I am already en- gaged to be married !" Then the scales fell from his eyes. She had the letter in her hand still. He took it guickly, and tore it passionately in two; then, dizzy with mortification, he felt the cloud of anger drift away and leave him standing as if upon some gloomy mountain-peak looking down into a stormy abyss. But it was only the altitude of a full manhood which he had that moment attained. " Forgive me," he said, in a deeply different voice. "No ! not forgive-but forget me, until I am worthy to be remembered again !" " Stop, Mr. Burden ; don't go !" said Cynthia, eagerly. We have yet to ar- range-" But he was gone. 