THE PEERYB1MGLE PAPERS. i F The chaps who make our laws sometimes go about their bnsiness in snch a blundering style that the very object ef tbeir measures is de feated. But this were not so much a calamity, did their blundering go no further. When, how- over, it comes to pass that they inflict a serious injury upon industries, the matter assumes a graver aspect. Mr. W. C. Smith has recently introduced a measure dealing with explosive substances. Its object is to protect the public from the danger attending the manufacture and use of explosive compounds, and a very good object, too. Bat Mr. W. C. Smith only knew half his work when he started at it. He seems to have been ignorant that there exist certain explosives, which, unless under arbitrary condi tions, are as harmless as sand. A man named Bainbridge, for example, makes a blasting com pound, which, unless tamped into a drill and secured from the action of the atmosphere, won't act at all. Yon may " chuck " a handful of the stuff into the fire, and it will merely blaze up like so much fat. Yet this article., which is largely in use among miners, is included oa the catagory of explosive substances, and its manufacture will be subjected to all the vexatious provisions of the new law. I should not wonder if this needless handicapping cast it altogether oat of the race of indastry, to the great loss of the miner, quarryman, farmer, and others. Now, this isn't fair. By all means dog the steps of him who deals in a trade dangerous to the com munity, and enforce the utmost precautions against aocident. But where there is no danger there is no apprehension, and, therefore, no need to inflict vexations conditions. This Ls a matter, too, which especially appeals to the freetrader, inasmuch as Bainbridge owes nothing to the manure of protection for the produc tion of his industry. Smith, yon're a blunderer. Smith, yon have committed an act of injustice. My youngest imp has a good notion of the doctrine of compensation. He, with the other responsibilities, has been taught to thank Heaven for his grab—before he eats it and after he has taoked it in. Well, he's a quaint little cuss, and I take some pleasure in watching the develop ment of his infant ideas. One of these is de- oidedly of a practical order. He is fond of good living, and he is proportionately elated or down- oast as our domestic board groans under the nutritions sirloin or as the wholesome porridge- platter smokes upon it. Well, I've noticed that my infant's thanksgiving is always accommo dated to the nature of his repast. I taxed him with this fact, and he frankly confessed it. "You see, dad," said he, "I can't say thanks for bread a"d cheese same as beef and taters. I dont like bread and cheese same as beef and taters — and so, dad, I just says what I feels." " And what is that, my youthful philosopher ? asked L " Why, if there's anything fust-rate— puddin'. or custard, or roast duck, father, you know — I say a regular good grace, cos I am thank ful. But when mother pats us off with cold meat, or bread and treacle, or scrap pie, you know, father, all I says to the Lord is this Lord, please send us a better dinner to-morrow, and won't I be a good boy !" Well, you know, I couldn't help thinking that the kid was very unch like the rest of us. We make a great fuss of our gratitude when the dice turn up eigh toons ; but ours are surly thanks when we oast a measly twelve in life's game of hazard. Ah ! yes ; the old woman was right when she indignantly replied to the counsel of a by stander, who had witnessed a troofs of dragoons ride over ber apple stall, " An' why should I thank Heaven for lettin' a throop av dragoons ride over me ?' Why, indeed ? And why, therefore, should we make the same fuss over our broad aud cheese that is due to a better dinner of roast meat and padding. There are degrees, you see, to our gratitude, even when that giatitude takes the form of a thanksgiving, and if we were as honest as we should be, we would own as much. Have you seen Mr. Creswick as Sir Giles Overreach ? Ah ! this is a grand performance. Great as Brooke was in this character, I think that Mr. Creswick is greater. What a concep tion of the devilry of the past must the actor have mastered ? Ho is the man as he acts it, that is oertain ; and how a respectable, honest, gentroat-minded man like Mr. Creswick can so transform himself, is a puzzle to me. Shylock was a fine fellow compared to Overreach. His putgjftn was that of revenge ; and revenge, even hi its hfnrr aspects, has something noble in it. Bat this, Sir Giles— Pho ! What a sordid beast ; What a selfish scoundrel 1 No wonder that the pit row at Kean when he portrayed the character at old Drury Lane Theatre, half a century ago. Honestly, I felt inclined to pit at Mr. Creswick's Sir Giles-so repulsively truthful, so hideously devilish was hisillustr tion of the character. A great actor, Sir, this Mr. Creswick ; and I protest that 1 take n huge delight in his performances. His Sir Giles Qrerrtooh wUl <BWt »y j firgt rn&toii; r®am®d of the heartless devil, and so 1 1 811 cul"fie<' that Dot— bless her honest an ;7SC?tUed from the nuptial couch, and sought refuge in the kid's room. As the camp- mee ing parsons say, "My soul has been exer cised." It is hard lines to slip your cable just as you have fallen into a fortune of £2,000 per annum. eath, under the ordinary circumstances of poverty and misery, does not apDear snch a Jreadful matter, after all. But to die with £2,000 a year within your grasp, and a credit of £20,000 cash beckoning yon back, and thiB after having vegetated in the Immigrants' Home for some years— this is hard indeed. It is well, per- haps, that poor Mr. Pitt, whose history illus- trates the satire, died without knowledge of it. Bnt would he have died had he known of his good fortune ? For my own part, I think that £2,000 per annum and £20,000 cash would rescue me from the very jaws of death. No physic known to pharmaceutics could so ward off the great conqueror in my case, at any rate. Such a tonic ! such a stimulant 1 Why, had I the hope of such a fortune, I'd back my days against Old Parr '8 — so vigorously would I hold on to life. Yds; I can't understand a man giving up the ghost under such circumstances, any more than I can comprehend these snicides found with abundance of coin in their pockets. One would think that they would spend the money before they balanced their final accounts with society. I should, I know ; and I dare say that by the time I came to my last copper I should con clude that, after all, it were as well to stay where I was. Yes, I think our common enemy would find me a tough subject to deal with had I the hope of £2,000 a year before me, as poor old Pitt had. By George J just a nice income — neither too large to be a nuisance, nor two small to satisfy a reasonable man's social ambitions. nr.ii ii i „ _ _ > vu, wen, pernaps tne old man can afford to smile now, even at the loss of > £2,000 per annum, and a cash credit of £20,000. I hope he can. Mr. G. P. > Smith says that upwards of 1,400 letters per month— that is to say, 16,800 > letters per annum — are sent by members of the Legisla ture through the > post-office, on which no postage is paid, and he adds that he does not see > why these letters should be carried at the expense of the State. Nor do I ; > nor can any reasonable and honest man, Mr. Smith. 'Tis a swindle— an > impudent swindle. . Here we have a lot of gabblers whom we pay £300 a year > for mis representing us ; we have them, I say, bloated with " privileges." > They ride free on our rail ways ; they pass through our toll-gates without > paying the shot ; and they get their scrawls carried fi om one end of the > colony to the other for nothing. 'Tis monstrous. Why should these overpaid > servants of the public cheat their master in such barefaced fashion ? And > not content with existing privileges, they now clamonr for more. They > wouldhavetherightto accept payment from the Government for services > rendered. They would be allowed "to accept offices of profit under the Crown > " — as the horticultural Bent puts it. Marry, come up ! Here's cheek for > you. This concession rendered, and you will find every tenth billet in the > Civil Service filled by a self- elected member of Parliament. Come, come, > this is too much, Mr. Bent. John Public is a good-natured fellow, but he has > his temper, like other folk. Beware how you rile him. You're au honest sort > of man, as legislators go. Be. think you, don't yon and your confreres > sponge npon the country quite enough, as matters stand, without seekiner > fresh scods for the cultivation of your loafing talents ? I think so — and I'm sure a little reflection will induce yon to think so to— else are yon not the sincere, albeit stnpid, market gardener I take you to be. If you have your way, however, I shall not be surprised to learn that yon obtain the right — as a member of Parliament — of conveying your cabbages and turnips to market at the cost of a Government subsidy. Quite as strange things have happened before now. mv Bent— under cover of privilege. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 