AMUSEMENTS. Transported for Life has had a good run at the Theatre Royal, and it speaks well for Mr. Darrell's constructive powers that his piece should have had such a long run. Without being brilliant, it acts smoothly, and the situations are suffi- ciently sensational to arouse the sym- pathies of the audiences. Whether the patronage of such sensation dramas is a sign or not of cultivated taste is another thing. The present generation of the theatre-going public like to have their emotions played upon, and hunger after a strong and pungent diet. Ortelans might be thrown away, and why, therefore, serve them up when beefsteaks and onions are demolished with gusto. The playwright seeks, like his fol low-man, to put money in his pocket, and con- sequently serves up what he knows will suit the taste of his customers. Theatrical manage- ment is a commercial speculation, and they con- sequently follow the same rule. The "ghost must walk" every Monday, and it is not to be wondered at if they produce those pieces that tend to promote a means of locomotion that will leave a balance in their treasury. Speaking of management recalls the fact that the management of the Theatre Royal have been censured for not engaging Mr. William Creswick. No doubt it would have been gratifying if this representative actor of an almost by-gone school had made his appear- ance in the first theatre of Melbourne. The fault that he did not do so was not on the side of the Theatre Royal management. If Mr. Creswick had been preceded by an authorised agent there is no doubt but that some arrangement would have been arrived at. Mr. Creswick appeared suddenly in Melbourne, and waited in the first instance on Messrs. Harwood and Co. They had made arrangements to last over some weeks, and they could not offer him immediate terms. Engagements had been made which equity forbade them to break, and they were accordingly forced to decline those services which, under more favorable circumstances, they would no doubt have been only too happy to accept. Mr. Creswick has proved a draw, and it is rather to be deplored that he could not appear at the Theatre Royal than to censure the management for what they could really not help. On Friday Mrs. George Darrell, better known as Mrs. Robert Heir, who is associated with, the palmiest days of the Australian drama, appeared as Beatrice in Much Ado About Nothing, supported by Mr. George Darrell as Benedick. The production of Aida at the Prince of Wales Opera House has proved that Verdi, the composer, has become an apt pupil in the school of modern music. He has ceased to rely for effect upon disjointed arias and dis- connected melodies. In Aida he has aimed at more and has achieved sucoess. The continuity of harmony that prevails through out the opera, the studied development of human passions from their inception to their culminating point by means of music, and the veiled melody that wells forth for some particular reason, all speak of the idealistic Wagnerism that surrounds the "musical drama." The music pertaining to Aida is particularly characteristic of the various phases of sentiment through which the cha- racters progress, and in the grand maroh there is an artistic intermingling of poeans of joy, the inspiration of sacred praise and the wail of human woe. In the music that accom- panies the Moorish dances there is a fantastic strain out of the common that rivets the attention of the audience. The opera has been well placed upon the stage. The dresses are rich and appropriate, and the groupings of the figures and the blending of the various tints have been made with an bye to artistic effect. Mr. Habbe has painted some pic- turesque scenery, foremost amongst which is the gate of Thebes. Boldly are depicted those mountains of stone which, majestic as the tumuli of Balbeck give evidence of the mechanical skill possessed by the arti- ficers of a past race. Into the dim distance stretch gigantic watch-towers of pyramidal form, over which the mammoth Sphinx pro sides as a vigilant sentinel. The illumined Caryatides that support the side walls of one of the seventy Theban gates give an effect of magnitude to the whole in keeping with the scene. The arrangement of the temple over- head, and the vault underneath, in which Aida and her lover Radames sigh forth their young lives in a close embrace of pure devo- tion, is also effective. The interpretation of the music by the principal characters is full of merit. Lohengrin has been reproduced, and it is gratifying that an opportunity has been afforded to dwell upon the pilgrimage of the son of Sir Percyvale, surrounded as it is by the halo of delicious harmony emanating from the genius of Wagner. As a poem-drama developed by musical tones so wedded to the words as to make an har- monious whole, Lohengrin thrills the soul and appeals to the aesthetic sensibilities of those who do not even comprehend the power the composer intended to express by subordinating music to the sublime diction and dramatic action of the grand old Volk- slied of Lohengrin. At the Academy of Music Mr. Creswick has appeared as King Lear. This play of Shakspeare is not a pleasant one. The sin of ingratitude in depicted in its most abhorrent form, and the author exhausts all his wealth of vocabulary in denouncing the unnatural conduct of Goneril and Regan. The main- spring of the character of Lear is a passion bordering on madness— a gigantic passion which requires to be sustained by a gigantic effort. Any attempt to exchange highly wrought action and declamatory diction for conventional speech would only result in utter bathos. Mr. Creswick knows this, and places before his audience the picture of the outcast monarch in accents of hyperbolic ire or passion demanded by the very words the author puts into his mouth. Never for a moment does Mr. Creswick forget the character he has to assume. Every word uttered shows traces of deep study ; every action in the result of profound thought. In the first scene he depicts the lavish generosity of the courtly monarch with an impressive dignity to which his horror at the ungrateful conduct of his undutiful daughter is a powerful con- trast. The curse beginning "Nature hear" was a fine specimen of melodramatic elocu- tion, and the speech, "Patience I need," was delivered with good declamatory effect. The resolute dignity and assumption of courage with which he utter the words, "I'll not weep," while the scalding tears were chasing each other down his furrowed cheeks, dis- played his capabilities of artistic delineation, while his defiance to the elements, when wandering as an outcast exposed to the violence of the storm. "Pour on, I will en- dure thee," were spoken in a tone in which the pathos of despair was mingled with the fierce determination to bear his lot with courage. The speech— Death, masters, nothing could have subdued nature To such lowness but his unkind daughters. was delivered with an emotional vehem- ence that was fascinating. Throughout the mad scene Mr. Creswick acted with an al- most appalling truthfulness. The lack lustre eye, through which at times there shot a transient gleam of passionate reason, the doddering limbs and weird-like action —all were there. The very mono- tonous utterances of imbecility enhanced the withering sarcasm of the speecches— 'Which the justice, which the thief?" "Robes and furred gowns hide all;" "Get thee a glass eye and like a sturdy politician seem to see the things thou dost not see." His mourning over the dead body of Cor- delia were fraught with heartfelt emotion, and the depiction of the pent-up father's loved appealed to the sympathies of the audience. The death scene was painfully real. The gasping prayers to unbind the robe that hemmed his swelling throat, the strained eyeballs looking into futurity, the stupor that precedes dissolution and the falling of the head upon the breast as life passed away, were each carefully depicted ; and with bated breath the house with tearful eyes watched the inanimate form of the old king deposited beside his dead daughter. Mr. Creswick is an actor of the old school, but for the delineation of characters like King Lear, would there were more repre- sentatives of it. Miss Ashton, as Cordelia, was graceful and sympathetic. Mr. Hans Phillips played the Duke of Albany with becoming dignity, but as much cannot be said of Mr. Boothman's Duke of Cornwall. As the Duke of Kent Mr. Wallace was care- ful, and at times impressive; but of the character of Edgar Mr. Dillon had not the slightest conception. He uttered his speeches without seeming to understand their mean ing, and endeavored to cover the deficiency by trying the quality of his lungs. It is im possible for Mr, Ryan to disguise his iden- tity, and as Edmond he did not make the slightest effort to do so. Mr. Saville played the Earl of Gloucester respectably, and Miss Anstead is to be com- mended for her assumption of the part of Goneril. Regan was played by Mrs. Ryan. The play was well mounted, and some of the scenery is good. This does not apply to the Cliffs of Dover. The design was crude, the coloring was bad, and the paint- ing resembled the Bluff at Brighton before Grimley's Hotel quite as much as the locality it was intended to represent. The Original Georgias, at St. George's Hall, maintain their places in the public favor. In addition to the minstrelsy and comic negro business, the burlesque of Low end- grin has been added to the programme, and has been favorably received. During the last few nights a series of locals on our public institutions have been given, and, judging from the applause, the points appear to be fully appreciated by the audience. On Tuesday evening the Melbourne Deutsche Liedertafel gave their 109th Her ren-Abend concert. The three movements of Schubert's quartette in D minor for two violins, viola and violoncello were splendidly played by Messrs. Curtis, F. Montague, Jager and A. Montague. Several part songs were sung by the Liedertafel, amongst the best being Ritter's Abschied, Philistines Hark, from Costa's Eli, in which the solo part was taken by Mr. Straker, and Noah's Lost Will, translated from the German by Mr, H. A. Puttman, in which the bass solo was sung with good effect by Mr. Moroney. A poetic dramatic song, Alone, composed by Mr. Siede, was also sung. It is written in E flat, and was rendered by Mr. Moroney, who possesses a fine bass voice of considerable compass. The song is full of melody, and parries out the idea of solitude suggested by the name. Mr. Straker was suc- cessful in his vocal performances ; and Mr. Hunter played the pianoforte solo, La Donna del' Lago, by Thalberg, with some skill. The flute solo, Polka de Concert, was played by Mr. Siede with the finish and execution that characterises all his performances on this instrument. By the mail just arrived Mr. Henry Westley, solicitor, of Collins-street, has re- ceived instructions from the trustees of the late Mr. T. W. Robertson to act as their attorney and agent for the production of Caste, School, Society and the other well- known comedies written by this deceased playwright. 