" Tee Chinese ambassador and suite arrived in London yesterday." Tins brief announce ment in the Times of 22nd January carries with it a weight of significance much be yond what the simple words seem to con vey. A Chinese ambassador, with his suite, at the Conrt of St. James', is rather a start- ' ling novelty in the world's history. It is the £rst spectade of the ldnd Stat has ever been witnessed in the western world. It is therefore an event that bespeaks a complete revolution in the policy of the government of the Celestial Empire. From the times of that grand old Venetian magnifico, MARCO Polo, down to the nineteenth century — a period kA : foil, seven hundred years — em bassies from European courts to the palace at Petdn have been frequent enough; but never before has it been known that s Chinese ambassador, in full diplomatic glory,' has passed through the gates of the Great Wall on a mission to the outer barbarians. The jmarch of civilisation has teen eastward for a long while back, and it has reached at length toe most jealously-secluded sanc tuaries of imperial power on the ancient Asiatic continent. The current year opened with the Droclamation of Queen Victoria as Empress of India ; and only a few days elapse when an accredited ambas sador from the Emperor of China presents bis credentials at her court in London, to the ruler of toe empire lying next on the west to that of his imperial tnastef. When Lord "Macartney visited Pekinin state, as representative of Great Britain, less thane century ago, the possibility of a return em bassy from China making its appearance at St. James' seemed indefinitely remote, or let us say, blankly impossible. The ruler and people of the Celestial empire were bound by toe traditions of three thousand years, and no people on the face of toe earth are more despotically dominated . by tradition Cran are tbeCkineee, to bold no voluntary intercourse with foreigners. Every gate fo the Great Wall was kept carefully locked. Every port in the Chinese waters, was dosed against intrusion. And this' exclusive policy was maintained as long as it conld by possibility be upheld, and in toe face of a thousand disasters, invasions, defeats, and forced concessions. But all barriers have broken down now. China is thrown open fsa toe world. The great wall 'is virtually dism an tied. British shipping rides securely at anchor at every, port in the Yellow Sea. The once-fabulous Gulf of Pee-Chee-Lee has become an open roadstead for Western commerce. The neighboring territory of India is governed, by a western lady who lives in London.' Old things have passed away, and all things have become new, in toe country of Con- CTC3E6. change in" a single statement, ' the Chinese ambassador, with bis suite, entered London on the 22nd January last. The immediate object of this strazrge embassy is likewise very remarkable. The plenipotentiary from Pekin has come ill. toe way to apologise to toe Queen of Eng- land for toe murder of Mr Mabgaby, the' youthful interpreter to Colonel Browne's expeditionary party, who was murdered by a band of Chinese mountain robbers on toe frontiers of India two years ago. As our readers will recollect, that act was one of most barbarous and treacherous cruelty, "portope BEOWNEls.expedition was tine of ;a putwy peaceable anfr commercial characterr His object was, acting under instructions from the Governor-General of India, to open up trade routes between British India and Western China. There is really no reason to snrmiBe that the attack made on the party was instigated in sany way by toe authorities at Pekin, or was in fact anything more than an Oriental bushranger's unprovoked outrage. But etill, the robber-chieftain who headfo the gang acknowledged allegiance to the Emperor of China, and the act was toe out come of gross negligence, though not bf connivance, on toe part of the Emperors' local representative. There were, therefore, : ample grounds for fixing the responsibility of it on toe Chinese authorities, and for claiming both an indemnity and an apology on account of it. After two years >f- negotiations, marked torOnghont oh ' ones side by a targe amount of Asiatic conning and doublerdeaimg,r the responsibility was acknowledged, the indemnity paid, and toe apology tendered. So ends, for the present, the story of toe tragedy of Colonel Browne's expedition to Yunan. j But the embassy has a secondary object: Some few months ago there was a grand conference of representatives of the Great Powers at Chee-foo, a harbor facing fye Yellow Sea. Sir Thomas Wade wgs envoy from England, His Excellency Li. hung Chang was envoy of toe Cbinebe Emperor, and besides these there were am bassadors from Russia, Germany, Fnnde, Spain, toftJTpSWes, and Austria, Jx tow conferenbe toeerins oftt commercial; treaty between China and toe Western- Powers, which virtually throws open 'UL Ok rpecpirefatoe ter jgafc of the world, were settled by mutual agree ment. To present the resolutions of that confereDcejtobe Q,aeea $$ England is tom' purpose of the' present' embassy. It tqua dates a new epoch in the relations between the fongjfctaded empire and sjhtetbeGpBat'Wall ; and the elmoetTinine- diate effect of it will cerfcaiulybe a prodigious increase. in the shipping trade between England and China, and. in the overland trade between China and India. It marks, intact; A new point of departnre in Jhe for- tunes of the Mongolian race.v. For the Set time in its history, that people iras" been |J»rari aide by side, in the race of national advancement with the civilised races of the West. The old policy of seclusion has been broken down for ever.. Hence forth the amonnt of the exports and imports of— the -Chinese -trade will be an item of immense magnitude in England's annual commercial balance-sheet. It is not the 36,000,000 of people in the old country afode that require tea and Silk, but toe 200,000,000 of people ioTndia have wants that China alone can adequately supply. The past has been, so to speak, bat the preface to the future — the prologue to what will jet be a mighty drama. Io the Interests of civilisation and humanity, it is devoutly to be hoped that the drama will always be one of mutual friendship, peace, and pros perity for both countries. ;A comparative statement of the revenue of Victoria for the quarters and years which ended on toe 31st of March, 1376 and 1877, appeared in a supplement to the Government Gazette, published on Friday evening! From this document - ' the public ' will learn tfiat "the net increase on the quarter was ' £46,373 . .3s. - Id, iud. mi the year £176,863 3s 3d. The main , cause of the increase on the year.. will be found in 'section three of the " returns, ' which deals with the territorial branch of the revenue, and which shows that toe receipts towards toe p arch aee of lands and rents and licenses increased by £83,822 13s 4d during the last twelvemonths, and those from pas toral occupation by £10,137 6s 3d. Only, therefore, for these two sottrces showing an improvement, toe increase on the past year would have been the smallest that has been shown for some time past, and would not have placed our returns in a very favorable light when contrasted with similar informa tion which has been lately published ja toe neighboring colonieB. Dealing with the two years, twenty- seven bf the items show an increase during 1876-7, and thirty-four a decrease ; and it will not be unin teresting to our readers to have . thesp items described.- The increases, omitting. fractioDh, are as follow Wine", £2123:; "bear and cider, £4335 ; cigars, £1843;; sugar and' molasses, £1 1,001; coffee, chicory, cocoa and chocolate £208$ -dried and preserved fruits and vegetables, £3504 ; articles subject "to ad valorem - duties, £39,769 ; auctioneers' licenses, £467,;. all other licenses, '-£783; duties on bank notes,- L27,254 ; receipts towards the purchase of lands, &c.i; as mentioned above, £83,322; pastoral occupation; &c.;, £10,137;. railway income, £100,736; water supply,' £4514 ; postage, £9452 ; commission on mbBsy ciders, £70 ;' ; electric telegraph, . £4132 ; " all otoer fees," £42,090 ; fines at general sessions and in toe county, courts, £9 ; rents, exclusive ' of lands, £42 ; Government printer, £492 ; labor .from prisoners, £1080; master in lunacy, £70S; Mint charges, £967 ; interest on loans to public bodies, £5065 ; " all otoer receipts," £6974. The total of toe increases amounts to £367,441 Is 10d. . The decreases in the receipts, also omitting fractions, are as . follow : — Spirits, £4651; to-, bacco'.and snuff, £2959; tea, £2022; opium, £849; rice, £1484; hops, £66; malt, £2361 ; "all other articles," £25,779 ; wharfage rates, £2590 ; spirits distilled in Victoria, £177 ; estates of deceased persons, £26,814; sale of lands by auction, £59,054 ; miners' rights, L239 ; business licenses, £258; mining leases, £1006 ; water rights, &c;:, £114 ' water supply at Geelong, £387 ; dock dues, £813 ; tonnage, £1648 ; pilotage- at outports, £96 ; Supreme Court, £4954 ; general . sessions and county Courts, £2127; courts of mines, ' '£114; courts of petty sessions, £5724; under the trans fer of laiid statute", £12'839; Supreme Court! fines, £547 ; fines in . courts of petty eessions;- £193 ; " other "fines and forfei tures," £664 ; Industrial and Reformatory Schools, £534; saleDf Government property, £4902 ; interest on the public account, £21,089; interest on departmental accounts, £312-; ' surplus- Mint subsidy returned £3207. The total of the decreases amounts to .£190,577 . 18s 7d, acd it therefore follows" that . there was ah increase under -these .- two headings -on. the past twelve mbhths of £176,803 3s 3d. There are three Sery satisfactory returns in the abb ve compilation, dud. wer would; direct general attention- -to- those items. In toe first place, USppifljIic -will see that the banks paid £27, 254 19s lid on.their.note issue fast year; in the, second place, Jhey will see that the railway income, increased by no' jess a sum.: than £100,736 4s-2d, and in the third dace they will find that toe receipts .from postage increased- by, £9452"' 12s Yd, and the receipts at the tele- gr&ph; office by . £4132 13s 10d, during the -period- embraced. ' The . first - item sho ws. . that , toe banks are. at last con- tribating something towards toe revenue in return, for toe .privileges they enjoy ; the second pro ves the wisdom of toerailwaypolicy inaugurated by the- Beery Government, after -making ample allowance for toe new lines opened in the period dealt with ; add the third -establishes the- wisdom of low charges in conuectipn jthonr post. and telegraph system;— Altogether the returns speak favorably for tiss cbmmeroal con-; dition of the - colony, although tbe iacrease is not as'iarge as could bedesirl, when, the improvement in the territorial branch of -1he revenue comeB to be deducted Trom the , net results shown! ' ' ; '' ; Matteip Are looidd a little "mlxei "in connec tion with the EMtefn question. A telegram hich left Londmuw..8atitday anooances that tbe Forte-: i« dUntaaswidi tee twotoeoL'and toll probably MeMwhiieontmegro mam- "tauu itt jemah'da, and great OnCertrdhty prevaila. :cW6 ie toaae teattbe puUierisstltet. fairly aroused, and determined to do aontetemg der finite In orderto pnt ddvn'tbb practice in tliti 4nnof eewing mrte being employed- beybnd-tlie legal boars. " Victorian," who baa taked ench a liToitft aag«Bf£«di?sjnTOte'gM> with teas wwspted wamatrraaes. to be held: in timlecturewam of tee Mechanics' Xnatitute, tOrmfltxow.-Tueaday) even ing, at eight o'clock, when it is to be hoped there wiii bea crowded attendance to. deal'eSeetnally with this injndtice.'-: i J; Mr Jamea .BoueU is in the. field forBaRarat East,- and announcfes tbat he wilt address ihe eJec- to» in the Toad , HaR, :3uUy;tlreej>e Wed nesday eight tTdpck, ., . ..;r( The BwlpMDf -Baliarat Thornton will bfiwaygohi Railarkt in tee northern part of the diooese nntil' tee 5th- of Hay.' In conseqnencepf teeTV in Christ, Church- wiQ be held on Ascension Day, lOteMay.HDsteSd'-of aththeTst of Mayl- ' : We regtet:to BAnbde' thevhomewbat sndden dWrte.f >Mn.i lacrisati wife qf ConnciUor A. T. Morrison, whicb tcok plape at her residence yester day. The deceased Jidy was confined on Satnr- iday of a :stiU,-born inEant. and eonrdUona-mer. 'nteed.'wbichcontinaed antfl -her death.. She wias desarediy estEemed by ber -many frieiida, and we OBe'nn-WM&h;: sympathy wfll be fetefor Mr Mer-- riadu fa hii affliction. The fnoeral v- '?' teJMgi.oet on day evano«, H«teage'a Ttsif-way Etdnse, Mr Sing M'Namaia m feeeiuur. Forty-two electors attended, and arranged the divisionsof the district for canvass, viz.: — Canadian Prince Regent, Sailors' Gnlly, Magpie Flat. Pleasant, Frenchman's, Cobbler's Gnlly, Yankee Flat, and Green Hills. ,. f"- A sad case of sndden death happened in Enrtea street yesterday morning. A carpenter, named -James Cbisbolm, was suddenly seized as if with paroxysms, and he died within an' hoar or two of leing taken ill. An inquest will be held at eleven o'clock to-day. . A meeting of Mr Campbell's committee;, and of gentlemen willing to join that body will be held at tee Reform Bold, Haddon, next-Wednesday even ing, at half-past seven o'clock. Mr Davies addressed ' the electors bf -Rokewood Junction on tee 4 th in stant, and was well received. He made an earnest address, chieHy condemnatoiy of tee MCnUocb "policy. It is tee intention of. bote. Messrs Davies and Bird to address, .at. an early date, tee electors of lUabarook, Cape Clear,- Break-o'-Day, and Rokewood. < A dense fog set in. last evening1 shortly before midnight, and rendered the city very aarfcited wintry looking. ( Messrs Bird and Daviee will address tbe electora at tee Temperance Hall, Bnninyong," on Tuesday evening ; at- the Sbire Hall, Linton, on Wednesday ; at Stanbrook's hotel, Rokewood, on Friday even ing; and at Halpins hotel, BresW-Day, on Saturday evening next. Each meeting will com mence at eight o'clock. A meeting of tbe Grenville Reform Leagne was held in the T Own Ilall, Scaradsle, on Saturday evening last. Mr Robert Bell, mayor, presided, and there was an unusually large muster of mem bers. The necessary arrangements were made for tbe selection of tbe candidates at the next meeting, on Saturday, 14'te instant. Some other routine business was transacted, after white tee meeting closed. j On S&tnrdav; a wood-carter from Bungaree came into town writ!) a lame esgtehswk perched upoii his load of wood. The bird was qtfite tame apparehtly, for the owner fed it with meat crat of his hand and stroked its feathers without the bird Bhowfeg any vise. The owner expresrofi his intenf tion to dispose of it to tbe. City Council.' : The improvements at Lake W endonree are pro gressing. And the centre woodenr jetty .at the gardens side has been removed to' permit of the steamboat pier being completed. We would, how ever, point -out that a grave mistake is being com mitted by following tbe present line of breast work, instead of adopting teat at present laid down. It is absolutely .necessary teat tbe curve-line should have a greater sweep into .the. lake to reach deep water, for when tbe work is going on at pre sent it is altogether too shallow tor any Bteamer of the light draught to approach it. If therefore the pier is to serve its intended purpose tee earth will bare to be dag out at an expense white would be avoided by following the original plan. Another argument, in favor of a greater chrvelineis tee fact that in tee event of a stiff, easterly breeze blowing, saiting boats can round up alongside the pier in tee wind's . eye, and Jsnd passengers with safety, whereas hy the present line being carried out sncb cannot be done without some work. We point out these defects now because it is not yet . too late to temedy them, and thp li|ke and gardens < committee would do well to make an inspection at once, andadopt themarE suitable plan... . — We -hear that Messrs Thomas And'Dimelo#, authorised surveyors, of tbis city, have just de spatched a large survey party,-, under the control of Mr OrviUe Dimelow,to Apollo Bay and Cape- Otway, to effect a number of surveys for the Go vernment; When these are completed the.cew. party-will be located at Colac ana Cfcmperdofcn,: white survey districts have been recentLy added to' Messrs Thomas and Dimelow's district in-Ballarat. ; Mr C. W." Thomas will remain in Baliarat vrite; another party to take charge of the Baliarat dis trict. It seems that Mr Grainger, who had , long Occupied prominent position in s mill in'- toe neighborhood of Leeds, has received, the appoint- inent of manager of tee Baliarat Woollen Mill, and "that .'he .left Eondon by tbe ' Northumberland steamer on the 27te of tut month, « loatefor Victoria. A banquet to Mr T. A Frearson, on the occasion of his leaving Ballarat for New South Wales, took place on Thursday evening at the Prospector's hotel, Morrisons. It was well attended, about thirty gentlemen sitting down to an excellent spread provided by Mr Mitchell. Mr Ellwood, of Beremboke, occupied tbe chair; and Mr George Synnott, tee vice chair. After tee usual loyal toasts, " Tbe guest of tee evening" was proposed by Mr Louis Le Goald in a very eulogistic speech, white was heartily responded to by the whole com pany. The Meredithshire Council, of which the guest was tbe ex- president, was proposed by Mr Silvester, who regretted teat its representation was confined to one officer. That gentleman, however, was quite equal to tee occasion, and did tbe beat he could to excuse tee shortcomings of tee corpora tion he represented. Mr Thomas, president of the Grenvillesbire, together with several of - his col leagues was glad of the opportunity of presenting an address from Monnt Mercer, Grenville, Car- gerie, and Hardie's Hill Pastoral and Agricultural Association he represented, which he did in a very neat speech. Mr Silvester read tee testimonial white' was handsomely illominated on rdlnia by Mr Niven, of Baliarat, and. received with great cheers by the company. ' The usual toasts fol- "loweaf: — " Host and hostess," " PreasT" " Ladies," " Chairman," " Ne"®hboring shires, &c;_," and the meeting terminated ahout tee small hours. ' Mr Gaunt, P.M., occupied the bench attee City Polipe "Court on Saturday, And dealt with yine drunkard. At "the Town Court, Messrs Anderson and Scott, J.P., presided, and sent John Kayes to gaol for nine months, on a charge of vagrancy, tine drunkard was also dealt with. We are compelled to hold over a number of letters unto to-morrow. A few doubtful carcasses of mutton were ex posed tor sale on Saturday night in the Eastern market: Sergeant Lamer, on putting in an ap pearance, at once ordered their removal! - There were only two or three drunkards in the Town lock-up last night ; one of whom, named: James Fbgarty, was charged with assaulting -Constable Owers, who arrested him. " 1 ' The following is the notice-paper for the meet ing of the Mining Board, to be held to-day Re port of the executive committee.' Notices of Motion. — Iff .Baker to move; That the hon. the; Minister of Mines be requested - by this board to take sate steps so as to induce tee Lands Depart ment not to grant's renewal of the following licenses under tbe 49th section uf the Land Act-' 1SG9, at the. expiration of tee term of those licenses, viz Application No. 20JB, 13,958, 11,492, 248. !aa' S«5. 1005, 2787 1881, 1052, at Magpie Flat and Monnt Clear, in tbe parish bF Baliarat, as tee. lands lield under those applica tions Are/well kiiown to be highly auriferous, and would give remunerative employment to a large number of working . miners of small- means. Mr : Baker to move : To amend the bye- laws' of this twardfBBdfxmsolidate teem into unebysriawand to revise the fees at present charged by mining- registrars. Orders of the Day.— -Removal from" offiiof MrTIill, as manager fe Carhghadi, &cn; Common :. complaint against Peter Armstrong fencing in land at Cambrian Hill (Mr Day's letter), resignation of a manager Stieglitz Goldfields' ' Common. Mr C. Abbott has executed some (Sever car toons, having reference to the latepfOBecntions for .Sunday trading, which are on view at Mr Bade"s,_ Stuft street. They are .totended, to represent "What tbe police ought to do " and " What the police ought not to do," and tbe artist -has fairly, -ehownhis argument. ' - j The silver enp presented to the "Baliarat Conrsing C3nb, by Mr W. H. Roeke,'forctee teief .prize in the fortbtoming Pappy Stakes, is now on view atDrsSg's hotel. It is a tastefnl speotnenof the silversmith's -art, and take tiw-fortu of a claret jug plainly burnished ; but from the handle, jfhieh is of frosted silver, a festoon; representing a grape vine in fuU fruit, hsggs gracefully around tee jug. On toe top of tee handle is represented a greyhonnd in purauit of ;his game, while sur- nmmtiag tbe Cover of the jug -stare is tnthe act of «escaj)iiig from its pursuer. fIS»- handscuie prize is said to be' between £30 And £40.' " - - - v. Mechanics Tn»titnte,teis errifiog, Count IdeZaha wiR Jtever.ius celebrated lecture. on' a method of studying nni versal history, Rlnsteating his system of mnemonics. The pount, as thoto who were privileged to hear h is lectpre on Poland are aware, ia- an acoomplished orator, and as be visits Baliarat at his own expenaeaoimafed: solely by aphilanthropic draire. to advance the cause of popular education, we trust he wilt have a large and appreciative atfdiende. Members qf fim Sfe- thamcs'.'Lnstitute will he admitted ifrrerind a- ojunber of adraneed pupils from tbe pnUicsnd private jKhopb, wffl ta . frmljiBd HhSs on apphcation betng made by tee toad' mastes. ! Tta intremrats At tee dunes Cemetery during tee month of March numbered only fire; as against seventeen for tliecorresponding month of last year; ' rete for Clnnes has been retaarkaUy. small of late, only twenty-two deaths baring befen. retorted fm tee past quart.wluie for teefitet three months m tort yesr ftey numbered flfty-tvio. to atete that: Mr John Wilson audMr DamelFerga who on Saturday, at tbe F®lv?ratJr took tee respective degrees ere at onetime under the present principal of fiie ttoPWe . wldle Mr .Fegueon, though he was Enabled toattendsome lectutadbisitimefaUj»(n5ed all day m the duties of his office in tbe CmstomB Departngnjt. These famish proof. ;> " i«n3Up|teere is plenty of hJl ». by ambition. 111 TheEevSUlph Brown, late of fit , now of Baliarat East, preached for iv w. We- have received from Mr Tr.m , sdlre, of Stmt street, a copy m 04- Sevtew for the month of April Th e4omit contains are on tee following it wntere named On Property fcsmr Peareon; "Biblicrt Hev. H. N. Wollaston; "On tK£ Dr W. Ball of London Life, by the Agent-General for Victoria .Hriiie, Language" (name not given)- "Th» i?" a of Taxation and Expenditure if p„w; by Mr University be removed," by PmfM, -"""ne 'Science Gleanings," by " Fiderius-T?0"6; .Walter Bagehot," by "A P M Notes," by "A- M. T." ' Cdtiai 1 There were 100 in-door and -fgrontj attended to at tee Baliarat Hospital laS" At tbe Clnnes Borough Counen „ Wednesday a letter was received frotTm. tory of Mtote, asking tee precise locality tbe council desire their share of therotM1 apecting purposes to be apent. or I®- !. The following is the notice paper for th» „ .meeting ofthe Orphan Asylum commitJ heW on. Tuesday evening. HotisTcSi report ; report or sun-committee on the admuT" of five children named Price (referred StS -Lakeland and Lewis) ; consideration of m i fications of a life governor in connection trithtt privileges of his being a contributor also: p,2 of tost montlis accounts ; general hindJ.., .' ftppliC&tioiUL; , TTEJfl ' A lottery, in aid of -the Bible Christian CWo, was drawn at the town hall. Clones, oa day evening last, and a promenade coo«n|; given on the.occasion, tee shuiine nud fa-VsI sion entitling to a ticket, Of the 10GO persons relieved at the n. w Benevolent Asylum last week 467 were The monthly meeting of the Ball&r;&t; tv.« Snnday-eehobl Union will be held at thelS? Gamp street, this evening, at right o'ctodTi!: teachers of the connected schools areiHmiltJr attend. ' t, A meeting of persons favorable to cddmtiw tee anniversary of the United Eight HonrfW I (nation wiU be held at tbe Bui's Head hotelte! morrow evening, at eight o'clock. Mr Emanuel requests us to call attention tot, advertisement which appears in another cdnam announcing teat he will shortly resume hum? tosrina of teacher of music in Baliarat. I It will be seen by onr advertising colnmimto I Xyster's Royal English and Opera Botfie c®. I pany will commence a season of six nights in ST 1 Urat, at the Academy of Music, on Monday not I The company includes Miss Catherine Leihre I Mr . Armes Beaumont, with Signor Zelminu I musical director. Mr W. J. Gates will, as I tote, act as agent for the company dorinz m I in Baliarat. l , A man named Ward (says the Sydney Menm I Soiod) wason Saturday evening appriendtii I information that he had uttered a fotgedlre I note, pnrpcrting to he of tee Australian Jfc I StotiBank. In "his possession were found twain. I two imitations of the £5-note of that bank. Bp I are clumsy productions, such as conld scute I escape detection by daylight. The prisona vu 1 remanded nntilTaesday. I The following telegram from Sydnev apcesti 1 in Saturday's Herald-.—" It is alleged teat 4 I ghost of old Hancock was seen io great grid In 1 nights ago by a woman who was to bare recmri I £8000 under the second will, which was &pim;£' I The following appeared in Saturday's fiodn I Advertiser : — ' Oa rfu, that one of die H«bi I Qrimside is likely to invest in a sqosttins at- I pertyin-tbiB district." - - I Under the head of " An Amateur Higfcrapnin' I the Kyoeton Guardian writes : — " On Mondsrlut I a stonebreaker named Riordan, employed oath I Main BlueMountain road, amused himsdtbv toir a ing highwayman. He got very drunk dining tie I latter part of the day, and, armed Witt as ** pistol, he accosted all who passed him nd demanded their money, offering ss an alimutm I of a refusal tee contents of his weapon Ox I man tens ' stock up' surrendered bis pane, em- I tnining 3s 3d, and teen gave infonnatioo to dt I Kyneton police. In the meaatime. horetK, 1 another had been challenged, who knoctai & amateor highwayman down ; and when the cm I stables arrived he was lying helpless. Hatted I the parties would consent to give him in etep, and be consequently escaped any farther punish- I ment for his drnnkmt freak." I The increase of traffic &n3; the extension of be I on the Victorian railways have at lengthiest that extent, that the department have deemed i: I necessary (says tbe Ape) to appoint twodlfe most experienced officers for the positions oIkoh and junior inspectors of staff, stations and tnfi; which have fallen to the lot of Mr J. 0. diHr, stationmaster of Spencer street, and Mr P, ). Eirwan, of Geelong. Mr Gibson, of E(hii3,r3 H fill the vacancy of stationmaster at Melbourne H Maryborongh (remarks the Standard) hL> le: H quite giy with marriage festivals of late. Kola H than fire nnptial ceremonies took place on Txs H \- day last, and tee parsons cannot complain of eta H Ttess on other days daring the present b(& H season. H A telegram was received on Friday (sin as H Telegraph ) by the Postmaster-General from MrC Todd, superintendent of telegraphs at South is H tralia, to the effect that the fourth cable fix H| Bombay to Aden ha 1 been successfnlly kit ri there is now complete dnplicate eommnmazt between England and India. The Penasg isto guou cable itr was expected would be ready h traffic on Friday. Hj -lOnT Eriday (says the Aye) at the CotpwB atone quarries, Merri Creek, a series of eq metits'-were made -for the purpose oftBtoga H capabilities of a new blasting powder, bens B Bainbridge's Safety Compound, and msoskw by the EeKpse Company, whose workamsMits BE fit Dightis Falls. Tbe peculiar merits dsiniB this compound are its safety from alldanpto®' jdosion uxcept when closely confined, m "g HE .npplihd to blasting purposes. This temw "quality of rite powder was folly derooMh®' H the instance of Mr Edwards, the msnsrirdw MBj Edq>8% Cpmpany. Quantities of the ssk® HH pound were-jgnited in the open air, hm mm any'iexplosinn taking place as always off » with ordinary gunpowder. The safety cm?® E| when not forcibly compressed into a nsmv® pass boms-- slowly with a bright fisme, Snces no dangerous concussion. This fact aw most be regarded as an important recomtnet®: B considering the peril to which workmen BB 'blasting are subjected from tee liability tsey of-' dynamite and the ordinary blasting Pj5 Hj The experiments proved eminently succKihl B general sfetisfaction was expressed at tbe i HH achieved. Another advantage daimed fwaB bridge's Safety Componnd is that its toe n 'B condncive to the ends of economy than other 'blasting material, the price of the B bring only 6d per lb," whilst that of the. BH -blasting -powder is 9d per lb. TheEdipse B panyVwho are at present the sole n»n®"rj| BB of the new componnd in this colony, are eew open offipbs in the Eastern Arcade. B It is now positively stated (says the fi. ( idol Staxdard) teat there will be tW1 B Sir James M candidate .is at present a "dark horse, so B| otir information extends. Hj 