THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN" IN QUEENS LAND. "The Vagabond," who accompanied the Australian Eleven to Brisbane from Sydney in the steamer Balclutha, writes the Argus an account of the Queensland match. After some preliminary remarks he writesIn Brisbane the Australians were feasted and feted, and had a general good time until Friday, the 9th, when the first day's play of their match against eighteen of Queensland commenced at the race course at Eagle Farm, four miles from town. There are two routes open to reach this, river and road. X have been by both, but prefer the river, as, although longer and slower, you escape the dust, which, as everywhere in this conti nent, is an infliction hard to be borne. Ex cursion steamers went down the river to Hamilton, which is within three-quarters of a mile of the racecourse. Arrived here, one found a track of a mile in circumference, and inside the rails the wicket h^d been pitched, There was no grass anywhere around this, aDd when one stirred the dust flew up in clouds. I don't think the Eleven will ever play on rougher ground. In the centre of the course were plenty of logs and stumps, and outside the enclosure primeval bush. To the eye of the new chum cricket was certainly being played under strange conditions. The grand stand was reserved for the rank, fashion, beauty, and wealth of Queensland, at 7s. a head. The/ didn't turnup much at the price. The Governor and Miss Kennedy, however, graced the first day's play with thejr presence, A teiqporary stand for 2s. people had been erected, and admission at the gates was also 2s. The charges altogether were too high, and the mistake was seen when too late, on the second day prices being reduced. I don't think the arrangements were quite per fect. There seemed to be a want of cordiality in working on the part of the secretary of the Queensland Cricket Association, but perhaps his temper has got soured through having to deal with the petty jealousies of the local club3. Between these personal feeling runs high. There ■vyere plenty df booths on the ground, with every facility far eating and drinking. A wheel of fortune, tho three-card trick, and thimblerig afforded amusement to some. A few mounted troopers galloped about, under the command of the ubiquitous Sub-inspeotor Stuart, who, on his fiery steed, careered around, giving anima tion to the scene. But it was not very lively. Perhaps 1,200 people were present on the first day, but scat tered around the course these appeared but a few. The play afforded little scope for enthu siasm. The Queensland team won the toss, and elected to take the first innings. Allan and Kendall took the leather, and bowled all throughout. It was evident from tho commence ment that the local men had not the ghost of a chanco, which, as they had wanted to play fifteen, and some suggested only eleven, against Australia was pretty rough on their feelings. There was the usual stupid adjournment to lunch after an hour's play, and at this His Ex cellency and Miss Kennedy kindly attended. It was an execrable five shillings' worth. After lunch the sticks fell rapidly. Allan bowled superbly, Kendall well maintained his reputa tion, and the fielding wa3 firat-clas3 all round. But Blackham's wicket-keeping was immense. They had never seen anything like it in Queens land before. Egan was the only one of the natives who made a stand. He was well caught at last by the Tasmanian for a carefully-played innings of 22. All out for 58\. Then Bannerman and Horan, tho two champion bats of New South Wales and Victoria, went to the wick#ts, and the trouble began. The bowling was not so bad. Slade and Petrio both did well, the former delivering 20 maidens out of 1S9 balls. But tho batsmen were too much for them, and by the time the wickets were drawn on the first day 90 runs were scored for the loss of two wickets, Horan having been rather stupidly run out, and Spofforth smartly caught. Bannerman had given two or three chances, but his batting all round was in grand style. He is as hard and clean a hitter as will be found in all England, aud keeps tho ball well down. With 18 in the field it is not easy to avoid giving a chanco now and then. But for the mishap Horan no doubt would have come well to the front. The second day's play did not commence till one o'clock. There were only about 500 people on the ground. Bannerman, in company with the Taamanian, kept the fielders bu3y for a time, but was at last disposed of for 74—thus winning a bet of £5 to 10s., taken by a Victorian, that he would make more than tho first innings score of the Queens land eighteen. After lunch, the Australian wickets fell rapidly, and the cricket displayed was not of first-class order; but the boys played carelessly, and held their opponents too cheap. Thsy were all out for 149, leaving their op ponents 92 to mako to 3ave a defeat in one innings. Well, they thought they would make it. There is a good deal of native self- roliance in your Queenslander, but we from the South found the game very dull, and I had to seek refuge in tho society of Monsieur da Poix Tyrel, the Commissioner for Queensland at the next Paris Exhibition. This youthful gentle man has consented to be umpire at the first match played by the Australians in England. He will be a great succcss. Although a descen dant of the ancient kings of Franco, he is a born Queenslander, standing six feet two, and weighing 19 stone. How's that for a colonial production ? The Prince, as I always call him, vainly endeavored to get an opponent in a single wicket- match, but we all quailed before him. Allan, unfortunately, had an attack of sciatica, and only bowled 28 balls in the second innings. Kendall wai in very good form, taking 13 wickets. Boyle was knocked about a bit. Towards tho finish Spofforth, the " wind jammer," as he is called in aquatically-disposed Si'dney, was put on to give the people a show. His peculiar delis'ery and fast action amused tho crowd. It was simple work. By five o'clock the second innings of the Queensland Eighteen was over for 68 runs, Petria making the only stand. The Australians thus won by 23 runs and one innings. A match was played at Eaglehawk on Satur day between the Sydney Flat Club and the BJaglehawk I)ruids, which resujt^ in a draw. Sydney Flat scored 223, towards which grand total M. Daly contributed tho largo score of 103; Jeffrey (not out), 30; Jackson, 28; Cur tain, 22; and Truosdale, 15. The Druids scored 75 runs for the loss of six wickets. Shuffls bottoni (27) and M'Donald (24) getting top scores. A match will be played botween the View Point C.C. (second eleven) and the Sandhurst C.C., in the Upper Reserve, to-morrow. Play to commenco at two sharp. View Point will be represented by Lloyd, Dixon, Cocking, Stephen son, Brown, Campbell, W. Barker, Brocldey, Phillips, Klapproth, Pallett; reserve—Emmett, J. B. Young, and Mathieson. Tho following will represent the Sandhurst City Club:— Wilson, Morrison, Trirerton, J. Leslie, Finlay, Haynes, Thomas, Muirillion, Carter, Roper, and Kelynack; reserve—Walker, Steane, J. .Thomas, and Waugh. Steps have been taken by the Melbourne Cricket Club to procure, if possible, the visit of an eleven of English gentlemen to Australia next season. Hitherto we have only seen pro fessional or mixed teams. The Melbourne Cricket Club have opened up communications with Mr. L D. Walker (a well-known amateur), and expressed the desire to him that the eleven should come oat to the colonies as the gue3ts of tho club, to play matches in. Victoria,""New South Wales, Tasmania, and South Australia. It is left open to the eleven if they pleasi to bring two professionals with tliem. As arrange^ ments have been made for a reply, by telegram, we may shortly expect to* hear whether or not the project will be as favorably entertained'in England as it is out here. The M.C.C. Srill ba able out of the proceeds of the matches not only to entertain-the visitors'in a ntannqr worthy oi 1 'the colonies, but probably {form a fund foj tl}9 erection of a nair pavilion. Some hints troro given to Mr. Walker privately two mails ago that the M.C.C. were likely to auk him to un I dertake the formation of an eleven. -Argm 