THE ORANGEMAN'S CREED. . We are -glad to be able to give our readers the following 12 articles of the Orangeman's Creed, as drawn up by our respected friend Chalmers I. Paton, Esq., Grand Master of Scotland, and which, as a splendid Bet-on against the 12 articles of the creed of Pope Pius IV., has gained the notice and approval of all Evangelical Churches in Scotland. What we desire is, that every Orangeman in New South Wales will cordially accept and study, and illustrate in his life, these 12 articles of faith. .1. The right of every man to read and search the Holy Scriptures for himself, that he may learn from them the truth whieh God has been pleased to reveal. 2\. The doctrine that justification is by faith alone — of grace; and that man'a'salvation is to bo ' ascribed to the finished work of Christ, and to the power and love of Christ now glorified, . and living' in heaven, — not, in whole or in part,. to . works of man himself ; good works flowingfrom Srace received, and necessarily flowing from it, nt not in any degree contributing to procure grace, or to merit any of the blessings of salvation. 3\. The doctrine that, in consequence of the Pall, -all men are by nature sinful ; and that no one can enter into the kingdom of heaven with out being regenerated by the Holy Ghost, by whom also all true believers in Jesus Christ are sanctified, and so fitted for the fellowship of Godr and kept, through faith, unto salvation. 4\. The only proper object of worship is God Himself,— Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; and prayer is to be made to God alone ; and all prayers to the Virgin, to saints, angels, and the like, with all veneration of images and relics, are to abhorred as idolatrous. . - 5. The only priest of the Christian Church is the Lord Jesus Christ Himself, our great High Priest, who passed into the heavens, who, Slaving made one and an all-sufficient sacrifice for our sins — the sacrifice of Himself — hath entered into the holy place not made with hands, there to' .appear in the presence of God for ns, and ever livetb, a Priest upon His throne, making continual intercession for His people ; and, tinder Him, all His true people are equally kings and priests unto God, and have equal and free access unto God in prayer, and all other exercises of worship. 6\. Confession of sins is to be made to God alone, who alone can forgive. sins; andauricular confession is tu be rejected as having no authority in the Word of God; and, indeed, as contrary to it. ",7. The pretended sacrifice of the mass is impiety, being plainly inconsistent with the all-sufficiency of the sacrifice of Christ, once- offered for the sins of many. .8. The doctrine of purgatory, ' so fruitful a source of gain to the Romish clergy, and a most powerful instrument for binding the souls of the people in slavish subjection to them, is to be detested as a virtual denial of the all-sufficiency of the sacrifice of Christ, and of the free and full forgiveness of sins for His sake. 9 The , Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments are the only rule of faith; the tra ditions Of the Church and the decisions of the Councils and of the Pope being of no authority. 10\. The pretension of the Pope to supremacy . oyer the whole . Church of Christ, and his pre tension of Infallibility in all questions of faith and morals, are contrary to the Word of God, and are to be utterly rejected ; as are also his impious claims of power to dispense with the obedience of Divine commandments, and to apply to individuals, on conditions appointed by. him, the merits of Christ and of saints by indulgences. 11\. Every man is bound to keep the whole moral law, which is summarily, contained' in the Ten Commandments; and though none can perfectly keep it, or establish his own righteous ness before God by any endeavour to keep it, yet every true Christian desires and endeavours to keep it in thought, word, or deed, constrained thereto by the love of Christ, and delighting, to do the will of Cod. 12\. Loyalty t > the Sovereign and to the British Constilu1 ion is the duty of every one in this land, a i. plainly taught in the Holy Scriptures. . . . 