LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS LISMORE TOWN COMMON.—A meeting was held at the Court House, on Wednesday afternoon last, when Mr. E. W. Allingham, having taken the Chair, read the advertisement Calling the meeting, a letter received from the Government, and also portions of the Commons Act relative to, the appointment of Commons Trustees, and other duties, &c.; It was then proposed by Mr. W. Kelleway, and seconded by Mr. J. Hunt, that the names of the following gentlemen be submitted to the Governor for nomination as such Trustees, namely, Messrs. E. Coleman, A. M. Girard, G. Larkin, J. Baillie, and C. Dean. Carried. Mr. J. Baillie then proposed, and Mr. G. Larkin seconded -That a copy of the foregoing resolution be sent to the Minister for Lands, by the Chairman. Carried. After the usual vote of thanks to the Chairman the first meeting adjourned; and a discussion ensued upon the present condition of the Lismore Cemetery, Mr. G. Larkin saying that he had been requested to point out the advisability of forming a new one on the Southern side of the river. But beyond affirming the principle that it was desirable that the present Cemetery, should be cleared of long grass, and fenced, nothing was done in the matter. THE S. S. "BONNIE DUNDEE."- In refer- ence to the paragraph in our last issue, notifying the launch of this fine vessel, which is intended to trade between Sydney and the Richmond River, we understand that Mr. G. Nicoll, of G. and B. Nicoll and Co. f Erskine Street, Sydney, the enterprising owners of the New boat, has recently been to Scotland in connec- tion, therewith, and has had her built especially to suit the requirements of the Richmond River trade especially, nothing having been spared in the way of cost to produce a steamboat com- bining speed with carrying capacity; and as she was to leave Scotland on the 12th March last, coming out via the Suez canal, should be in Sydney on or about the 25th May, and be ready to make her first appearance on the Richmond River, early in June. Looking at the facilities now offering for getting produce to market, it is to be hoped that our farmers and others will second the efforts made by enterprising firms like the above to develop the carrying trade of the district, by largely taking up land and cultivating it to the fullest oxteuti REVISION OF THE ELECTORAL ROLL.-The 'Casino Express,' May 5th, says, - The Elec- toral Lists for this portion of the Clarence Electorate was duly revised at the Court House, Casino, on Tuesday, April 23rd, by the Police Magistrate and John Grime Esq., J.P., with the following result :- No. of Electors, Casino, 666 ; Lismore, 492 ; Ballina, 489, giving a total of, 1647. REGISTERED LETTERS.- We have been shown a letter received by a gentleman in town from the Postal Department, Sydney, which states that upon registering a letter, the receipt should be stamped with the office, date-stamp, and duly signed, in accordance with the fifty-seventh clause of the Postal Regulations. Dr. FORESTAN.-This gentleman has returned from Sydney, with the intention of settling in Lismore for practice, and is now, we believe, on a trip to the lower portion of the Richmond River. Mr. J. WEBSTER.- We are informed that this gentleman left Sydney on Tuesday last with a new steamer, intended for the general passenger and carrying traffic of the river. This gentleman arrived at the Lismore Wharf, with his new purchase, the Victory, late last evening. SHIPPING.- Consequent upon the late heavy weather along the coast, the Bar has been blocked for a portion of the week, but having again opened out, the bar- bound shipping got out. We see by the Sydney papers, that the Resolute, schooner, went ashore at Broken Bay and a report was current in town, yesterday that the Monarch, had been dismasted in the same locality. A Ballina correspondent tele- graphs us that considerable tidal disturbances took place there yesterday (Friday) morning between 7.30 and 10 am., the tide advancing and receding from 1 foot to 18 inches, reaching high-water mark at 10 a.m. ACCIDENT.- Information reached town yester- day that a boy named James Atkin, son of Mr. T. Atkin, of Blakebrook, met with a severe accident through falling down with a loaded gun which went off, and shot away a portion of his face. Dr. Rowlands was sent for, but we have not heard any further particulars respecting the sad affair up to the time of going to press. LISMORE MUSICAL UNION. - This Society intend giving their first Concert next month. The members attend the rehearsals regularly and we believe a capital programme will be placed before the public, of which due notice will be given. A SURVEYOR.-Those of our country friends who are in doubt as to their boundaries, or who wish to have land surveyed, should avail them- selves of the services of Mr. T. Swindells, formerly managing clerk to Mr T. Bawden, of Grafton, who has just commenced business in Lismore as a Surveyor, Land, and General Agent. Mr. Swindells holds first-class testi- monials as to general ability, and no doubt he will find plenty to do amongst us. LISMORE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY. The usual fortnightly meeting of this Society was held on Saturday last, Mr. E. W. Allingham the President, being in the Chair, the atten- dance was unusually large, the subject for debate being probably the cause of the Members putting their appearance in such force :- "Would a Municipality be advantageous to the town of Lismore" afforded ample scope for debate, in which, Messrs, English, Norris, Larkin, Baillie, J. R. Stocks, and W. O. Hannan, took part; the question was to be resumed the next meeting. During the evening some of the members contributed a little harmony in the way of glees :- "Lightly tread," and "To all you ladies," being capitally well rendered, Mr. J. R. Stocks acted as accom- panist most efficiently. Messrs. Larkin and Harman, also contributed readings, the former gentleman selecting one of John Poole's humorous sketches, entitled, "Early Rising," and the latter, tickled the cachinnatory powers of the members by his rendering of Bunton Stephens comical production "My Chinee Cook;'' The meeting broke up shortly before ten, the members seeming to be much gratified with the evening's proceedings. THE HIGH-COST RAILWAYS.- A Toowoomba farmer writes to the D. D. Gazette:- Having to journey some distance by train, I tasted my first experiences of the New South Wales Rail- ways. I have heard grumblers complain of our Southern and Western management and accommodation. A short suffering on those Sydney lines would be good for their complaint. The second-class carriages here are only fit for pigs, and the first may be characterised as a superior class of pig-stye. As regards cleanli- ness they are not greatly superior to some of our fifth-rate country pubs in Queensland ; in fact they look as though no attempt to clean them had been made for a month. There were excursion trains here on Easter Monday, and, in the train which started from Parramatta for Sydney, there was but one through first- class carriage, and consequently we were picked in it like sheep in the trucks of the Queensland railways. EXTRAORDINARY OCCURRENCE.-The fol- lowing occurrence is recorded by an English scientific journal :- A piece of burnt stone, resembling a piece of partially burnt slate coal, with white sparkling specks on it, fell at Ecclefechan on the evening of tho 2nd January. Two nion walking on the Glasgow Road heard a noise behind them, and on turning round they saw the stone referred to embedded in the ground to the extent of half an inch or more. One of them tried to lift it, but got his hand burnt. The stone, which measures about four inches by two and weighed nine ounces, took twenty minutes to cool; A volume of smoke proceeded from it. THE WAR IN THE EAST.-English telegrams announce that the Russian forces have crossed the Pruth and are pouring into Roumania, and that a part of the army has already reached Galatz. On many maps, even of recent publica- tion, Roumania is not marked. It embraces the two Danubian Principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia, which lie between Bulgaria to the north and the Russian frontier. Galatz is a fine town on the Danube, near its junction with the Pruth at the northern extremity of Bulgaria. It is also announced that the Cos- sack's are marching on Kalofat. If so, the Russian troops have made a considerable ad- vance in the Turkish provinces. Kalofat is a township on the Danube, near Widin, near the south- west extremity of Wallachia. The troops must, therefore have crossed that pro- vince. Nicksich, upon which place the Turks are advancing, is a small piece of territory that has bean coveted by Montenegro, the claims to which formed one ot the formidable obstacles to the conclusion of a treaty of peace between that Province and the Porte.- 'Echo.' RESPIRATOR FOR FIREMEN.- An ingenious respirator for enabling firemen or others to enter and remain in places filled with smoke or gas, and where, under ordinary circumstances, life would be impossible, is according to the "Scotsman," about to be adopted by the Edin- burgh Fire Brigade. The respirator consists of a tube of much lightness combined with great strength, having inserted near one end a small tin case containing two peculiar india- rubber valves, the one for inhaling and the other for exhaling air. The end of this tube, which has a mouthpiece, is cast over the fireman's shoulder, the other being left in the open air ; and an india-rubber spectacle mask, capable of being moulded to fit any cast of features, having been placed over the eyes so as to compresss the nos- trils, the fireman is ready to enter without fear the most vitiated atmosphere. With this simple apparatus burning buildings, gasholders, sewers, cesspools, vats, &c;, can be entered without the slightest danger from suffocation. ILLNESS OF MR. PARKES -The Hon. Henry Parkes, Colonial Secretary, has been rather severely indisposed since Friday last, having been confined to his bed with an attack of low fever. Mr. Parkes is being attended by Dr. Fischer; who has every hope that the hon gentleman will be able to resume his official duties in a few days:- A later paper says,- We regret to learn that the indisposition from which the Honorable Henry Parkes has been suffering some weeks past has culminated in complete nervous prostration, necessitating con- finement to his room. The illness of the Premier was aggravated by the fatigue of the long journey to Orange on the occasion of the opening of the railway to that town ; and, although he has regularly attended at his office, and in his place in Parliament since thnn, it has been obvious that he has only done so with great personal inconvenience to himself. Mr. Parkes has been quite unable to rise from his bed since Friday evening, and his medical adviser, considering that an attack of gastric fever is imminent, has enjoined perfect rest. CURE FOR SCARLET FEVER.- Sulphur is recommended as a specific for scarlet lover by a physician who writes in the London 'Lancet' of his ''marvellous success" in using it. His treatment of cases was to thoroughly anoint the patient twice daily with sulphur ointment, and give five to ten grains of sulphur in a little jam three times a day ; sufficient sulphur was burned twice a day (on coals) to fill the room with fumes, which were inhaled by the patient. Every case improved under this mode of treat- ment, and none were over eight days in making a complete recovery. SMALL-POX AT ADELAIDE.- It is a matter of the most serious import says the Adelaide ''Evening Journal."), that another case of small-pox has developed itself on board the British Enterprise. In this last instance the disease has occurred in the married people's quarters, the patient being John Jarred, a man of about thirty years of age. The cases hitherto have been confined to the single people, but there is no knowing now where the calamity will end. The report from the station states that with the exception of the two people re- moved to the hulk during the last two days and Dr. Sawtell, who is progressing favourably, all are well on board the British Enterprise; THE GHOST OF A BOAT.- A boat that must have belonged to the ship commanded by the "Flying Dutchman" is said to have made its appearance on the Manning River. The News of Saturday last relates the following :- ''We are informed by several persons that many residents of the Lower Manning are said to have witnessed the extraordinary appearance of a boat minus any occupant, in the neighbour- hood of Ghinni Ghinni. On being approached it either disappears beneath the water or ap- proaches the shore and vanishes. It is on starry or moonlight nights that it is observed. The affair is creating much talk, and is quite a mystery. ARTHUR ORTON.-The Melbourne 'Argus' of Monday says that the Mrs. Jury who ar- rived by the Tanjore is not the Mina Jury who has figured so conspicuously in the Tichborne case, but a very respectable and intelligent old body, a sister of the real Arthur Orton. She has simply declared that whoever the claimant may be, he certainly is not her brother and she has gone on to Sydney with the ex- pectation of being able to identify her brother in the Parramatta Asylum. SON OF THIS PRINCE OF WALES.-The Prince of Wales, it is announced, will not send his son to a Public school, but to the Britannia training-ship. Probably the resolution, if his Royal Highness has actually arrived at it, is wise - certainly it it one which the Prince has only taken after much deliberation, and cer- tainly, also, it is oue which in this age of mimicry, will have considerable, effect upon English Socioty. The Prince of Wales is known to entertain a conviction on the subject of the 'vie intime' bf Eton boys, the strength of which may be judged from the action that, according to the 'Army and Navy Gazette,' he is now about to take. The example once set, it will be followed and who knows but that the Heir-Apparent may prove to have thus given an impetus to a new comprehensive, and much-needed movement of Public school reform. REWARD FOR THE DESTRUCTION OF SHARKS - The 'Argus' of Thursday says :- "The rewards paid by the Government for the capture of sharks in the waters of the bay now amount in the aggregate to the sum of £62 11s. 6d. The number of Sharks brought to the various police stations since the offer of a reward was published amounts to 846. Of these 735 were caught at Sandridge; 5 at Footscray, 16 at Williamstown, 26 at Mornington, and 70 at Brighton: The latter places may also be credited with six more, which have not been officially returned. One of the sharks was a monster, measuring about 10 feet in length, and weighing about a ton ; but the majority were over 2 feet and under 5 feet in length. The sum expended in the destruction of such a large number of these dangerous visitants to our shores has been well spent, and it is to be hoped that those engaged in the pursuit of shark-fishing will find it sufficiently lucrative to encourage them to persevere. THE AQUATIC CHAMPIONSHIP.- A crowded meeting of those interested in aquatics took place at Tricketts Hotel, Pitt-street, Sydney, on Thursday evening, to draw up an agreement between Edward Trickett, aquatic champion of the world, and Michael Rush, of Rocky Mouth Clarence River: The first deposit of £50 each was paid by Trickett and by Rush at the meeting: Mr. Benjamin Palmer was appointed stake holder and Mr. Richard Driver referee. The race is for the championship of the world and a sum of £400, and will take place on Saturday afternoon, 30th June next. The course agreed upon is from the Bathing House at Charity Point to a boat to be moored 100 yards off the Brothers Rocks, on the Parramatta River. The trainer of Rush is Richard Green, and Trickett's trainer is William Williams. Both man will go at once into active training. Mr. Joseph Nash his been appointed judge. It is understood that Rush will return to the Clarence for a fortnight, and then train for a month on the Parramatta River.- 'Evening News.' COMPETITION.- We have heard it currently reported that the old Grafton, s., formerly owned by the C. and R. R. S. N. Co., but now the property of Mr. J. E. Manning, of Sydney which has recently had some £13,000 spent upon her in repairs, &c;; is to be placed in the Clarence River trade, and in all probability will make her fif*** trip from the Metropolis in about three weeks time; It is also Stated another steam.-'r will' run in conjunction with the above vessel under which circumstances we shall have no less than six first- class steamers trading here - a fact that may well be cited us evidence of the growing importance of the district.-'Grafton Argus.' DEEP WATER DIVERS.- Messrs. Siebe and Gorman, submarine engineers, write to the Times :-"ln Monday night's discussion upon the question of raising the Vanguard, the Government divers are, spoken of as being shallow-water divers. This idea is entirely erroneous - In our presence the Sheerness and Portsmouth trained men have descended in 120 feet of water and remained for a cons- derable time. The men in a very short space of time would be quite accustomed to the depth at which the Vanguard is sunk ; but the difficulty to be overcome was the quantity of loose wreckage, wire ropes, &c.;, combined with a strong current. That, is simple why the Government divers could not remain any length of time at work. The Whitstable divers are constantly working at depths varying from 90 feet to 130 feet; sending cargo out of ships' hold, but, of course the men are trained for deep water, and while diving regulate their, diet." EXTRAORDINARY ACT OF DESTRUCTION.- A Melbourne journal states that, shortly after 6 o'clock, on Monday evening, a respectably dressed woman was observed walking up the south side of Bourke-street with a smoothing- iron in her hand, and rather eccentric in her demeanour. After passing Swanson-street she crossed over to the Theatre Royal and deli- berately smashed with the smoothing-iron the gilded front window of the Cafe de Paris: The window represented a scene from "Macbeth " and cost about £80. CLARENCE AND NEW ENGLAND RAILWAY. At a railway mooting hold in Grafton last week, there was a large attendance of the public ; fifty principal residents were present. His Worship the Mayor presided. A resolution was carried that this meeting is of opinion that some stre- nuous and immediate action should be taken by residents of Grafton to co- operate with the inhabitants of New England in placing the claims Of these districts to a line of railway to connect the Tableland with its natural outlet, the shipping port of Grafton, before Parliament. Another resolution authorised that a sub- scription list be opened, and funds, to defray the costs of flying surveys along the various supposed routes between Grafton and Glen Innes, be collected. A Committee was formed and subscription lists opened. HIS PAY.- A curious incident took place lately in Paris A drunken man, Philippe Bochen, was staggering to his home in the Rue St. Jacques. As he swung along, taking the entire pavement, he ran afoul of a passenger, who, with an oath, dealt him such a blow that he fell prostrate, bathed in blood; Whilst the brutal assailant fled, others ran to the aid of the poor inebriate and took him to an apothecary's where, lo and behold, they discovered that a magnificent diamond, evidently detached from the setting of a ring worn by the assailantt, had lodged in the cut produced by the blow. AMERICAN MEAT IN ENGLAND.- in America. Australia has found a dangerous rival in the supply of preserved meat to the English market, and we shall thorofore watch with much, interest the result of the experiment with the "Norham" and her trial cargo of frozen meat. Although the Americans have the ad- vantage of distance, the demand is practically unlimited, and there can be little doubt that it is within the reach of chemical science td devise some means of sending home Australian meat in fresh joint's, instead of a dried parboiled stave which cannot be called either nutritious or palatable. We reprint elsewhere an extremely interesting article from the London Telegraph, describing the rise and progress of the American meat trade ; from which some idea of its mag- nitude may be realised. It is a matter for regret that the large stockbreeders of New South VVales have hot assisted the spirited efforts of Mr. Mort with more liberality, and it is to be hoped that the example of our enter- prising American cousins may stimulate them to greater exertions for the development of one of the most important of our sources of wealth. HIGH PRICE FOR CATTLE.- By telegram to the 'Herald,' Messrs Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Co.; report as follows - "We sold on Tues- day twenty station- bred bullocks, for the Hon. Neil Black, Mount Moorat, Teraug, from £15 to £19 10s ; averaging £16 10s. each. VISIT OF THE PRINCE.- An English corres- pondent, whose position entitles him to know that of which he writes, states in a letter by the incoming mail as follows relative to the visit of the Prince of Wales to the colonies :- ''The visit of the Prince of Wales to Australia is considered as a settled thing. The names of the specials for the different papers are generally mentioned in press company. Dr. Russel will complete his knowledge of the world by a visit to the Australians on behalf of the Times; Henty will represent the Standard, Forbes the Daily News, Drew Gay who went out to India for the Daily Telegraph will again represent that journal, and Messrs. Simpson and Johnson the Illustrated News and Graphic. The same correspondent add :- "Poor Andrew Halliday will write no more plays; Softening of the brain has rendered him nearly speechless and helpless. " THE CHINAMAN AND HIS PlGTAIL. - At the Ballarat Assize CoUrt on Monday, when Gee Ah Tang was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment, he implored his Honor Judge Rogers to spare his tail, as he intended going home to China at the expiration of his term. The request (says the Courier) was referred to Mr. Magee, governor of the goal and when he intimated the prisoner, would not suffer the indignity if he conducted himself properly, the countenance of Gee Ah Tang became luminous with delight, as if his tail was the only thing worth living for. It appears that the goal regulations only provide for the cutting off of the tails of Chinaman on a second convic- tion. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.- It appears, from a return laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly last night, that the number, of cases referred to inspectors of conditional purchases up to the, 30th of April, 1871, was 14,393 ; of which 3677 had been reported on, leaving 10,716 cases on hand. TO PURIFY BREATH WHEN FOUL.- Badness of breath which is so very disagreeable both to the sufferer and every one else, may generally be traded to a foul state of the stomach, and must be corrected by a proper course of medicine. When it arises from a decayed tooth the use of powdered charcoal night and morning, as a tooth powder, will be found effectual ; if from the tartar of neglected teeth, take two or three times a day for a few weeks, the following mixture:- Stir about eight or ten drops of muriatic acid into about a quarter of a pint of barley water, which may be flavoured with a little lemon peel. THE GERMANS;- The Berlin correspondent of the ''Nord " writes :- ''The German coast is how bristling with gun's and torpedoes from. Memel to the Dutch- frontier. The ironclad fleet, specially destined for the protection of the coast, is composed of five frigates and a corvette, without counting one frigate in course of con- struction. Naturally it is French money which has paid for all these works. With such preparations, it appears to me that the Germans could, contemplate with a well-grounded tran- quility the military reorganization of France, and this so much the more as this reorgani- sation does not affect the navy, of which the efficiency appears at present even more doubt- ful than in 1870." ILLNESS OF POPE PIUS IX.- Rome, March 16. \- Amid feverish excitement and unremitting labour at the Vatican relative to the Consistory the Pope has fallen ill again; It is certain that after the secret Consistory on the 12th instant he fainted and had to quit reading the allo- cution. These fainting fits have recurred, and the Pope has remained unconscious longer each time. He does not like his illness to be per- ceived and makes a strong effort to hide it. The moment he gets back to his own apartments he sinks into a chair and remains motionless, with his eyes closed like a corpse. The recent excitement has told upon him, and indeed, on several occasions during the spring, which is always a dangerous season for him, his life has been almost despaired of. His physicians regard the fatiguing receptions of pilgrims with grave apprehension. The Pope's advisers are endeavouring to get France and Austria to revive the Roman question. It is hoped to induce Italy so far to recognise the Pope's temporal power as to cede the Leonine City to the Holy See, where all religious Order expelled from Rome could find an asylum. The Archbi- shops of Naples and Perugia, and the Vicar of Rome are confidently mentioned as candidates for the Papacy. THE FRENCH NAVY. - It is alleged by an English newspaper that the French navy con- sists of a singular combination of strength with weakness. Many of the ships are heavily armed and thickly armoured, but yet are constructed of wood - a material always liable to decay, but especially so when confined, behind armoured plates. The ships are, therefore, very short- lived, and besides are structurally weak. The use of wood has other disadvantages, as it limits the dimensions of the ships and prevents many of those arrangements for preserving buoyancy and stability, when damaged by shot, from being curried out, which are so simply and easily fitted in an iron ship. The total number of ironclad ships in the French navy is 55. 