MISSTRUEPENNY , SFORTIE iTH . CHRISTMAS. Onit a few years ago j saw,heir ;waUtfng,, stiff.,and erwt.jthr9Hgh',the, hall pf her old hpme. ^Hergo^^ljui^l^s^U^^atti^l.' on the oaken ,boards, :ite stiff folds; c l M g r n g « n d „ t h e ihigh; lieels, of he^ishape^y^pptp stumped : Alongi with a measiiredprefsisioot i ilill-liTe-^ iresaibje biagh^ie?s : and . i^ajipth,:of . her.< hau.^we^e hidden by, a severe; bit- of tiiree-: corn^ .lace.that /ell over her:high :whibe ibrow, and heightened the dead, tjoldjpaaBionileas oontjonr. rp[ : her face. Her hands were olaspedloosely behind herjirhereyes bent to the^ppr f::As she,walked tiiere,the£gnre was' lo9ta,n.nnintereating'iane>inai{[rim,'asoetio ppint.ofview, but nOtMadily connected with et>many:a-brave soldier,!and perhaps atfcabt rogue, warries a bit «f lead>witli him to.-histgrave., TheAulletgoea iniandnever tnesi^atv^batiinakes '«%omfortable . a year. It-may be that jn that time long ago'the .roey god toot aim for another target, or hit this one in sportive jest, far she was, when' quiteja young Woman, red-haired, high-nosed, aqd superior. This last the worst of alL She had mastered everything at the village school, and it was the general belief thjrt while she was away for a twelvemonth or two, Elizabeth hod learned niore than wits wholesome for any one young woman to know; and when, upon her return, she actually took the place of her oollege bred cousin Matthew Gorse, as book-keeper and c&ehier; in her father's store, and w*e perched upon the high stool, with a. pen behind her delicate ear, -her slim little hands fumbling. among bills and papers ^n the_worm-eaten drawer, the villagers shook their heads and hoped no harm might con^e of all this wisdom that Deacon Truepenny had bought for that " hoighty-toight,y da'ter o' his'n " But Obadiah looked over at the ricketythrone of his daughter, and not for the first time in hie life thanked God she waa not ja son. In another part of the store lounged idly his nephew, young Matthew Gorse; and as the sharp, ferrety eyes of the olid man fell upon hiB comely head, they took an expression of scorn and disgust th^t told very plainly in what estimation he was held by his forehanded uncle. " A olerk, indeed I" groaned Obadiah, who remembered his own bitter apprenticeship in that line—" trapesin' about with the girls at night, yawnin' and loungin' through the day, stickin' op his impudent nose at his betters, and findin' fault with •his bread and butter—a clerk, indeed 1" Obadiah was about sick of it. " If hp couldn't help out with the mackerel and ile, and was too dainty to pick out the rotten apples, why, he might go to thunder," would conclude Obadiah, who, although a •deacon, waBfcflriven to the verge of profanity by this reprobate nephew of his. - " And as to tnakm' head or tail o' thorn ere accounts o' hiB'n," it was too much for Obadiah. " There was a screw loose so'me. where. Squire Broneon hadn't paid that bill, nor Lawyer Bates nuther; leastways if they had it was all mixed up somehow. He didn't want to be rash, but if he found out anything wrong—" And here the old man's greedy eyes would fasten themselves upon his daughter's face. She was his anchor, his hope. " What with the tarn a) fashion o* reckonin' nowadays/' .the old . * was a sealed book to him. Matthew would push it Over Jo bi.B,unele, Bmile contemptuously, and lounge, away, secure, as the old mail' well fcnew'ihat fh? contents were like a Chinese puzzle ^in Tiis..hands. But now he could look away from that Bcornful face and mocking smile, and gaze upon the calm, serious one of hiB daughter. It might not be lovely to some folks, but to him it was the one face in the world. Her keen, grey eyes, her high nose, her sharp-set mouth, were more alluring in the eyes of her father than any soft-dimpled loveliness. There was that in Elizabeth's face that lent comfort to his fretted sonl, and a clean quiver about the girl's nostrils brought back his dog Bess to him,- and often he fell to calling her by that, name, as the only venture to a caress he knew how to give. • When young Matthew caught to thiBj pet title, for he had always hated the grim i one of Elizabeth, the old man grinned! maliciously. : "Bess it is, yonng man," he said, "sure's I yon're born, and Bess was the best pointer the world ever saw.- If you've been at any capers, she'll nose you out, mark my words. for it." And Matthew would turn upon, his heel and walk contemptuously away ; but. surreptitiously he would watch his cousin from distance, and as he saw the head of the young girl bent over the battered old ledger, her keen eyes probing that miserable telltale of a book, his soul began to be vaguely troubled. His contemptuous indifference for this young school-miss, with her shallow knack of deoeiving her father into the belief she was. so wise, yielded to a sense of mastery he found is tbat.faoe, so pale, so proud,.and so.severely cold. He did see that clean quiver of the .nostrils; it was perfect; it waa fatal. She knew all ; it.was Jut a question of time. She held in those pretty slim hands of hers his life or his death, his future manhood, or his eternal He 'found something "tigerish . in her toying With the fluttering pages of that wretched old book, and 1 began to long for the time when' she. would swoop down upon her prey and end this'agony of yearning and suspense. ' . ' _ For there had dawned withinhim oflate, since, instead, of the .repnlsiye power of. his unole r he had found a bigher. purpr, nobler foroe to combat aitd fear—there had.broken on his troubled .spirit-a .keener, sense- of suffering,, but. with it the necessity.,for expiation, which ainpuntedat times.to an agony of yearning. He resolved one night to, feed this desire.let it cost whatit would. He got up and sat by. the window. For the first time he oould lo'okupon that bit of water shimmering yonder in the moonlight without .a shudder. > His hot eyes suddenly ! beoame wet; a sob osoaped him. ^ ' Hoor after hour he Bat- there, motionless, absorbed, the prey to that thought' that ill' the ghastly ' grey of the ,; morning took bo dubious a shape 1 it toref.the heart withii) him. - AlUt onoe he saw thb'blue cambric gown' of his cousin flitttag d<mn tbega&en; path.! Hecrept stealthily downthe stairs/holding 1 his breath aa he passed 'his nncle'B door/ and went out into the garden. ; ' The frtsh,'fragraaf ait made hirfl dizzy. He felt the pulses of his" temples beat' and 1 his heart shake at the ruBtlb bf the bushes through which he trod. Na^i«%^«caroely r awakened from her • sleep, and the inooji! was still in : the'sky. The gairden J seeme3' •without a pulse, and-the blue robe of his couBin, that was now bat a step from him, took tiib fehapW to/Ms aaied..sensas, 6t a cloud that had fioated^down from hearen. He 's1«pp%d^o&trard;| M'tiutC ^^j'^l^'Ifln'Vpihcffl^ff^,.',' Th,9 h'^t M t!4? yovipg giri; jalrMdy ^hy.jthe'tender graqe ofjthejummer,, ng.^jhL thp.greeni jof the.^graaa/the. .r pt the. birds,.the perfume, of-thbi floors, by :that.indefinable sympathy, of. virginal youth ,with all that is mystical and: sweet,in nature-rrthe hearti oLthifl yoiipg' girl peas^d to :beat whenxhexaw the .pale, ' epeotratlJaoe of^er f00iiain, aiid.=€elt the • (ttutphtof his .hand upon her.dreps. : 1 v iYou know «11, he scud; i ffypn'/re gotmy sepret out of that aiouraed ; ledger. Come, I putAn'endjto my jmBeiy. - Tell 'my unele toiday. it .you've a ispark :bf womanly pity/ Bess$ :finish it all today,'' " ^ r i: , ><6h«.,stood ;quite still ^and looked ;down upon-him. r Even in that'seoond i>f ajgony : ' i 1 thought her fac9' was the:pure&t; and oudest in the world.' He felt no shame kneelingthBre. iseemed to him right that he, -'lhat every one; shonld be at her'feet. But the sufepbnse was overpowering • •'' •'•'• /" Speak—fbr God's Bake,' ; speak;' CouBih Bess I Betray mfe ftt - once, won't you'P AhUanMic-r: ..... hk-X I will hot betray you. 4 I "But as he'got upbnhisifeet, and'tooK php hanging at her side, she drew it away, nijd held it baokfrom him. "Oh, yes, pf ;loourse," said Matthew,.bitterly, " I know what you mean;,you'll shield me from disgrace. Tou've got a little more pride of family than Unole Obadiah. He'd hustle me off to gaol without a qualm; bpt you—you'll Bave tne, and hate me as only a proud woman can. And, Bess; see here;!I osn't bear to thwart you; you shall have your will. Bobb, Bess, what do you want me to do P Spenk the word/ Go and throw myself iu yonder pond, and wipe it all ojit for ever ? Oh, I swear to you I'll do it this moment, in the twinkling of an eye, and you shall look on and see 1" i He really meant what he said. He was overstrung with the weakness and agitation of those long hours of wakefulness, and there was something in the face of his cousjn that stung him to madness. Just then he would rather have died than remained in the world with her. He mode a . plunge forward, but her hand now grasped his fyr onelitlio moment.' " No," sbe snid, dropping his hand and clasping her own. " 1 will not have it so," Her.tonc iuipliud that she had evpn thought of this way of wiping out dishonour, but rejected it. The next words, told why. " Becauso I cannot bear to have you die," she said; and two big tears rolled out of her eyes upon her clasped hands. " Oh," cried Matthew/ with a groan of agony, " why didn't I know there waB such a woman in the tforld ? Now it is too late." "It is not too late," said Elizabeth, gravely. "And—" "What?" interrupted Matthew. "Oh, Bess, don't drive me.mad. Don't make.me live to despise myself. Tell me, could you ever forgive me P Could you in ten, twenty years, ifl went through some*Bortof terrible expiation at your bidding—could you have the womanly heart to endure meinthe same world with you t" A slight ruBtle in the bushes at her side startled Bess. She looked, and saw only the graceful haunch of a Guinea-hen; but it quickened the nerves of Miss Truepenny. " Listen to me," Bhe said. " You say you will do all that I bid you. Do you mean wh^t yop say ?" ii " Yes, y«s," he replied y " that is what I want—tb'db just as'you will, as God is my j«dge,Bess L I'd.have the strength now to even tell my uncle." *' No, no," she said, with a shudder, for she knew her father well; " but you must pay the money back to him, without his knowing it was gone. . Tou must take three thousand dollars of mine that are lying in the bank—yes, yes, you must; you said you'd do all that I bid you." " Oh, Bess," he groaned " to take your money—your little money 1 I can't, Bess." I' You will, Matthew; you will borrow this -money of me, and pay me the same interest for it that the bank allows. It must be withdrawn to-day—this morning —so that I can make the books right. It iB dreadful to have them wrong. There now; it is all over." She put her hand upon his head with a sad, sweet gesture of farewell, and as she left him it seemed to Matthew that the bushes parted, and where her tender, gracious face had been, that of a demon remained—a cynical, sly, sneering face, a face of demoniac will and purpose, the face of his uncle Obadiah. Matthewremainedforamoment petrified with fear and disgust; but the faoe vanished, and it all eeemed like a dream of his disturbed fancy. It was impossible; it could not be. Of course not. At breakfast there sat his nncle Obadiah, with his wrinkled face untouched by emotion of any kind. He ate with his head bent as usual to the table, once in a while casting a quick, furtive glance upon his daughter, which habit was a part of his meaL As for Bess, she poured out the coffee a steady hand; her voioe had no quaver in it; 'but there was something always about his-cousin that seemed masterful to Matthew, only it was wonderful such tenderness could go hand in hand with it. A hundred emotions took away his appetite. It seemed to him that hiB Soul had just been born. How different was the store that day 1 The gaudy placards upon boxes and bales, the fly-paper on the mouldy old ceiling; on one side flaunted gay-coloured prints and petticoats, .while upon • the other stood sturdily rakes and hoes, shellers and feeders, evenmore costly implem enta of agriculture. The side window,.with its narrow, dusty panes, its shelves filled with fruit and piokle "jars, patent medicines,, and stale confectionery, held also the deBkand stool of the aocoiintant. Many a. time had .he perched there, a band,of iron about his head, every,hewe in hie body tingling with desperation and despair. • Now there was a high, white brow;there, cool and ealm and passionless, a .white warm body,' but apparently without nerves; above all, a soul free: from stain. How different it wasi The old flavour iii the back pf the building of musty grain and mildew, find down in the cellar the strong conglomeration of mackerel and oil^of brown sugar, andmolaeses.ofhoree liniment, vine-' gar, and homebrewed beer, of randd butter and bacon,-of hides, ^of- beef, hams, and codfish—the odour of these,' mingling and commingling, failed to create the usual sensa-' tion ot. disguBt to Matthew. He took off bis-fine coat,-and pulling up his shirt : sleeves, ramificated dowh inthe very bowds of this damp, sticky, sulSterraiiean retreat, the' half-shut, wrinkled, winning eyes ipF his uncle following him curiously ana with an omtnbus speculation. •'Some:disagreeable' work was got.over, that morning, Mr; Truepenny seemingly willing enoiighto humour the busy, bent of his,- 'nephew.' About noon Ma,ttbew went jabove.andat the top of thel^der,,be^el|, the flutt«r ! bf a blue pa^)iMd»0BB 5'iit set; hiS u heait .^0 beating tivbly hp jiook hjs hat.from-'ius,hpad,,^hd when'Bess s.aw first that^p^ispine, speotral Keadi it was deven. with t|he 'tipffr't Jt was, Bo hahdsome /and Ve^ ^o .^pec&al;^ a head that it reminded , her of ope . in a.jiiotqre irone .upoij the. bloek,rpady iortheiuce of headsman,doee by.. .-.,., . Sheistooped and put in his ftand a bitof jpaper.- .He bent his'head over her hatid nd as Bhe drew it gently away a loose utter,of ribbonfrom her 'sleeveietaaihfed Matthew's^ graap. He looked Wit with 80rt.of:greedy piety, and put -it' in his ! i peket withthecheque. 1 • •' • ; '•/''• It must have been nearly nbon before he 1 iuld gp' to' the 'bank. Obadiah iipe'miid 1 >ssessed with a desire 1 to. tidy' the 1^whole itabliBhment, and worked hand in'hand ithhis "nephew tillthathonr. -'Whefc'TlIatthew went put of the store hp 1 set one' little look' behin^; l '^he; gyavbi* indid eyes ot Bess, as'they'&jBt;'his, yttirer ^ U^^Jpaipiji. ilSr i^lhe. , ibdded io Tilih woouragingl^., "It was 'w,. he cbuld do'tblceep bAtn^d-MwentiOut', iriti) witii*, blbrted'isym 'Jim.M, seeher.&giunin; teii,fifteb^ Silmifier3|tte; Utmost ii.littte half hour! , ;, , . ' nor the left. Many a passer-by noticed his preoccupied, agitated manner, and'spoke Of it afterward,,as people will,'twisting a- J distorting everything into dartnatpry e' dence against the acctreed. The mduay w paid over to him Without a question, t| party counting out the three thousand dollars no doubt busy in his mind as to what speculation that red-haired, high-nosbd Spoung .woman was about'entering iriti but he made nio 'remark, and Matthew p| the money, in his pocket, where already la that little treasure of blue -ribbon, and went on his way to that red-haired, high-hoset damsel,- whistling softly as he went, for thi firsttime in.years. ' But he had soaroely gone a third of tl way when he saw his unple Obadiah .comii t up the street with one ot their old towi^a men by the name .of. Dobson—a loungin, shiftless fellowi who bad "lately been a] pointed a polippman under the new law. His uncle Obadiah wbjb given to consorting with'all classes of people, and he walked by the side of this fellow' with the saiAe shuffling and sly demeanour that he bore with the squire of the parish, ' Matthew, with a slight' sanitation, would have passed quickly on, congratulating himself, that Obadiah was well out of the way for a time, but he felt the" hand of h$B unole on his arm. \- " We'll walk together," said the old man " Oome," he continued, leaving his com. panion and leaning heavily upon Matthew*! arm, " we'll go down by the dam where people won't be liBtenin'; I want a word witn you. Obadiah was not wont to consult hie nephew, in anything, and Matthew's courage was Bhaken when they reached the mill. His eyes instinctively avoided the malicious twinkling ones of his uncle, and he shook himself free from that clutoh of his skinny hand. A dim horror began to penetrate him. The noise of the water falling from the wheel, the wheel itself, became a phantom pf dread to his imagination. It reminded him somehow of 4 drowning creature holding up its dripping arms in terror and supplication. " that you'll be reasonable; you've ge'n4'ri ally found out pretty quick on which side your bread is buttered. Tou needn't look as if you were going to be hung. For spine wise reason or other the devil is let have his agents here on the earth, and you seem to be a pretty good help o' his'n. .You're in luck, young man. If you behave right, I'll do the fair , thing by you; if you don't, you've no one but yourself to blame. I happened to be on the other side o' the hedge this mornin' when you had that little talk with Elizabeth." Matthew did not even start.. He knew it all now, but he shuddered, and said, " Yes, I 6aw you." "Hum—you did?" continued Obadiah. "You see, I get up early—'Early to .bed and early to rise,' you know, that's my motto; and Elizabeth, she's a chip o' the block, ain't she P She's got a long head, has Elizabeth, and a cool, calculatin' brain, hain't she, now ?'.' "Go.onl" Baid Matthew, fiercely; ^'go on! What do yon want with me P" "Well," drawled Obadiah, "I might prosecute you as a thief, you know; you confessed you stole the money.'' *' I took what was mine/' Baid Matthew, his face in a blaze of passion. " My grandfather had no right to - leave you' my mother's share. I won't be called by that name—be careful what you say." - • " It's my way," said Obadiah, •• to call things by. their right names. Anybody that takes what ain't belongin' to him is a thief—hold 1 keep back there 1 I'd like to say that up yonder on the bank is an old friend, Do bson. He's got handcuffs in bis pocket, and all them little things that are in-his line o' business. He hain't had much to do lately, and it's no more'n right he should be ready when he's called. Perhaps I'may want him, aUd, ag'in, I m'ayn't. Now see here, I'll give you your ch'ice, young man: you. can take that there. money that you've got in your pocket— that three thousand dollars, pf Elizabeth's —and you can clear off with it,'get away to the devil if you like, but don't never let me see or hear ' of you ag'in, me not mine. Hark ye, young man, if 11 be a shprt shrift if ye do. I'll haul you up; I'll hunt you down; ril take the furtherest end of the law on you., Them wMte fingers 0' yon|rn hev been mighty 'fr^^la^yji'.'they.jainlt satisfied with takin' my motley—they mpst prowl ground my da'ter J" And herp the lieat in the old man's eyes rivalled the blaze in'Matthew's. ' \ "Take your ch'ice/and take it quick, youngmM^yourfreedpm,the,worldbe'fore you ^ play the flfsyfi in, and that. Jl^ee thonsa^d of Elizabeth's you've 1 got in" your ooolMt there, or" a gaol, a striped shirt, a ehaven head, and a cell," . • • , Matthew sankidown npon jthe graes. His head fell upon his hands, • -Hq.^ms too sick and sad even.to be angry nny mpre. It was all'over. j ;hp hadlost all, as he had, perhaps, well d^er ved—hope for the future, redemptipn for [the past. It was gone for ever, that impossible phantom of faith and tenderness and, ineffable joharity in .which he had dared to trust. - .. , He got upon his f eet, and pulling .the bills from ihis pooket, put ithein^ln Obadiah's hand.- -'The bit of .bine ribtwh fell from his trembling, fingers, but! he pioked it up aitd put It' back in bis pooket again; •. Then he tuined to Obadiah. '• 'See here, old man," he said; thore is Elizabbtys'mphe^. ' Take-it baok- tb r 'her| jshe's waiting for it now." Here hia voibb sboolc, and^e r muscles pfhisXaSs'tiritoh'ed TrithWirrepresiifble ugony. "TeH'heS"'^' sud|'" it was iall iieeleas—all her.swee^ Wb- ! manly meroy; butteUheritoCh-T^o you hear?,' —that because'of that m6rpy. I'll dpthie'bast: I ^ ^ l i ^fo^^lfMbut^'h^awMt, sake] 'and'Hheii' I'll' c&ai;& back, gpft. not' iA' then.- Say, will you tell.her thatl'. or shall' I do it ? -1 swear, to youthfit,, i^i spite pfyou orpobspn, I'll walk -.jdp fib jfreet "ttere;V M^thrrui!^ she shkll lose^faitniui'^,, 'l^lSjgfliiijim. y«Sl-' :" 'i -Vij".. ."i-vr-7i ..'i,|T:...',j you may , reokoni on iny 'doin* what*s rjgtt.": "Swear that yon willj .swear by—0 gracious Heaven' I what is' therb Bacred to. the soul of this old man t—swear by .Elizabeth ^i^self.'a^ y^iu hope tp hpld.'- j^er^love, in^luB" one way." ' u ''" >' : 1 ''.'" ""''' And the old .'man swore. ^ "Hip faoe quiveredlike 4 «hak«k pi^ of ^a^hnient,'ehd his voioe wias'lAitte tthispitfc, bwhe Tlm-lhMb&ilbfa-hiifi; 'ttd'^&'Idl'W weary years that -fbUbwwi, a. 'WWser^teBV' was a Apeotse bf flrbad to htfif^and ^V thbrnyJmdce.-'fi&t; baak'M'«lnd^tg|eSi^ flecked'with »o shudder ; oyeraiid tdcgeb;' D ~f ,.'"^'ji ^ -Obadiah "sat iherea" knbmerit.'brbkenBiifl; xeiriblirig with'i little ^rgutfenttyt^ent m.Trithin him, .aridheW^^'^ldjB^reaib jjhat '^tilitea .to SiiB' ^bw.^4^^'^'®^ s^re.^kedOTer^ndbeyondher. u certainty a little fretted b) inger tested upon ft place in u.1 on the desk Jt^r a crnmpled mass of bills held'dowif by It rnsty old weight.^ But her father shuffled on,, and there, wis no'step after his. , The long, hpti'rs. of. the afternoon went slowly by; shadows began 1 to lengthen; ana, the heat' and dust of: the day "werb tempered by the; approach of evening. "* . * Still Elizabeth lingered at the depk,ouneonscionsly heldthejre by a.weight of suspense, .of vague ,and,harrowing fear.: It was already twilight when a group of idlers gathered under the side window.^and^the confused murmur of their ^oieeB reached her troubled senses through, thebroken paries of glass. At lost, with fatal predsion these words fell upon hetitfs / • ' . "Three thoasand dollaral It was a pretty good haul for Mat Gorae to, make off with. The'young scalawag somehow oatwjtted thiem all. They do. mj, the money belonged to Miss Truepenny.'' Then Mika Truepenny got .down from the stool, and, taking her hat irom .its accustomed peg, walked out the door homeward. By. the time her, father ,eatae, hot and fiuBtered, with even a more shuffling stepj than usual, and took hii seat at the table, Elizabeth was as'calm and ceol as ever. Her fingers held to him the brimming cup of tea, and not a drop therein quivered; her keen grey eyes looked out beyond her father to the dusky laburnums at the garden gate, then they returned again :and settled themselves upon his face, " So Matthew Gorse took my mpneyjtoday and ran away wjth.it ?" she said.; "Yes, yes,'""replied the old man, his shaking hand spilling the tea upon the snowy oloth; "so they say, Bess, You shouldn't 'a trusted him.. But it didn't matter; he was a thief, and a scoundrel before." " It did matter," said Elizabeth. " He took those three thousand dollars and went away, did he, father?" Her voice grew shrill with a, sudden overpowering tone of yearning, .and she looked steadily at the old man. "Yes, yes," stammered Obadiah, his voice also getting: shrill, and, his chin Bhaking painfully. ." But don't mind, .Bess; I'll make it up to you, .every penny of it, and more." ,, " No," she said, in a hard, Uitter voiqe, "you can't give it to me—nobody, oan. You can't make it up to me—nothing pan." 1 And Obadiah found to his dismay that nothing cbuld induce Elizabeth to' take from him the three thousand dollars. , Her own three thousand hidden away beoame. a curse to him. She made,him feel like a' thief himself. He had, after all,:taken hpr money, as.Maitthew Oorse had taken his. No matter what the motive .was, there ,the money lay—Btolen from her, concealed, p^t out of her reach or knowledge. The thought was misery to bim. The fact that he had done this thing to save her fremi falling into, what he thought was a Bnare of the devil, mattered little to him now; If Matthew Gorse had told him, and he had known, that the money he had taken waB spent in some righteous way» ; it wouldn't have raised the young, mon a whit in his estimation.' ^Money .waajnoney, and it must belong 'somewhwe. ; ,{f it jffas taken from its' rightful oimWwe'fOnb ^ho took it was a t&ef-;^there lay" the, whole matter." '•'" ' . This epigrammatio' way of .settling it made the old maU's halr white in a jfiff, took all the cunning out ^of his 'eyes, jutfei his face something weak and pitiable,'jbut changed -it vastly -for'the better-wondegfully for the better. If Matthew'Ooffe could have met' hi uncle in the,streets of Plimpton Centre'a few yeaw after, hp jarted with him,, he wouldn't have; known iim. He would have lifted his bat.tOithp bent, drooping, white-haired old man, and But these years that bent and sha.tiered ihe body and soul : ot Obadiah Truepepny iseemed to huden and'petrlfy' aa&'.fpbuftP • his' daughter. She gre w straighter iand stiffer and sterner arid polder, till she might almost as well have been made put of stone. Qbadiah could find no fault She ppured out his tea|for him/ at ihe\»ge .pf uthirtg^with the same punctuality and aoourapy that had marked. that oojirtpsy : teu,years before.' 1 She was now. the soul and .centre of .the business.in Plimpton,' lyluph had greatly prospered now that the railroad r$n through the town. She ,botght;«nd'ssc^l bargained and trafficked, wtththelong head and sagao^Ous foresight he had.ctedited^ier with vriieri'uhe was biit.'a jgirl*". legal oulpiita had lihe' same ree^ni^V^^ her that 'ihej 1 'fonnd Jbiig ^gol'ivithrll^ father ehb had n.b mb^y, tf^ evjBii whbn he'jAbaded'for thbm, 'M'.he.^, stxeriutfuBly \' sp : thy.t, himsglf/hb andcrept : £wa^'lKms'own.ir«^n, th^rajtb ^ver;!alnd'3nb^'''knd" > >%aii^; > i Slaaye'yfgc courage to undo what helu^uo.n& '^'For.w what av;ail;'w6ul& : 'it be n^w %'make^hu daughter, the one.bmn^ bn eajpth him.'haW^ddeipisehlm' ^dbaatliiwirbft. her? r" ' Obadiah meant te t^.his^ughto^alL stipulated ^b^^'timi,^npt5n.fte bond, in!d the pomeiij h^il . him whenit'«^mw l eaBy f M M M m to ifulfil. M'Tiriiimse.. to "JtBmfaPlJgfr determiriedhewpto'teU J her^ —In libpn|:it off "toSfteeiu «uiid r tlieK tbok the brime wlib boh^eh^tolie cbera i'ourse|ifor : .fe<riir. : ''' " "' ' ! Elisibett 'jfoa thirijy^even^< ine - m^liig Ob^iA^.walke rpfPUn^ton, , -Jom^alta'.vy. a:; Voir' faMil&.'fo^hirn,. pSss&l;&Jt;^at 'phe, rdiiwpj3« ir ira dat^l tramp ^ppi-oaomng could eyj been n kno wn , to "" i Bed Perhaps thero was only one othsr laoe tanl %iJw<ttW §0 Btetet^jUpott'hiainaSioiyAliat he pould have known it J^ttedJ^tEwf &HUv.; s.iffiBb:dojCT.bj the millrdftmAluBm'jiJi^>ob.-j ibadthe^ussedbbt til 1 , oleM^lbttt,ao whisky even. We got down le 2 d *®' ^ thesky heavy as lead over ns, . J some Ijig blaok wings (kppin'down. *r"T»~ ' We'ill leaveourbonesherc, 7t»J« I, 'andtijemvarminte up there'll piok em clean.' And says Mat-he alwayB tookthinjjfljjnieti y<m see—Bays Mat,' As well here aa'anywhere.' \Andsaye I, 'Mat, no; Tin blest if I wouldn't rutber bB covered up clean in Plimpton church-yard, and 60 would yotiif you hadn't madfi off with that '^^ffey/o! Elizabeth Truepenny's;' and, I>ord 1 if there waB ever a mad miner, stark, ravin' mad— But hold on, deacon I here, lean on me. Don't take on "about it; ten chances to one his bones are bleachin' out there sow. It ain't half so easy to get back as to go. He swore he'd come, and what Mat undertook in that line ho generally got through; but he was pretty well caved, his right leg dragged a little, and a rattlin' old cough stuck to him night and day. He started on the trail and left me clean behind; but, deacon, I think he's slipped Oat, I do indeed." Something in the face of the deacon touched and went far to terrify the old miner. It was seamed and haggard and grey. The people in Plimpton Centre thought 't a fine thing to pee the deacon go up tbe main Btreet leaning upon the arm of that miserable Dobson. "That's true piety," they said, and doffed their hats reverently to the poor old gentleman. That night the deacon was no longer able to take the cup of tea from the hand of his daughter. She went up to his room with it, and held it to his lips, and looked down upon him with her cold, keen eyes. "What night ie it, DresP" he said. *• 1 heard the church bell a bit ago." " It is Christmas night, father." " Go down, BesB, go down, and bid Betty bm|d the Christmas fire upon the hearth. Bid her get out the" blackberry wine. Someone may need the warmth and oheer to-night." " You are best in bed, father." "Ay, but go down as I bid you, Bees; make it bright and cheery and warm below there." When Elizabeth returned to her father, he held out to her his shaking hands. " How old are you to-day- ?" he said ; " how old, Bess, God help me, how old ?" "Thirty-seven years, father," she said, and smiled bitterly. " And can't you get a bit warm with the Christmas fire, Bess, and Betty's wine f It's tbe day our Saviour was born to save miserable sinners. You are so cold and white, Bets; poor Bister Nan can't be much colder and whiter, though riie's been a ghost this many a year, since ever Matthew Gorse was born." At the sound of that nauic Elizabeth's eyelids fell. A shudder crept through her frame. Something that had been dead within her sprang to life with a birlh-pang of sinister joy. "It's a cold hearth-stone," muttered her father; "a lonely one thiB many a year. Keep the Christmas fire bright, Bess; be may come home at any time. I've righted him in my will. You won't grudge him the money, Bess P I did him a foul wrong." Here he raised himself on hie elbow and looked pleadingly in her face. "Father," said Elizabeth, in a harsh, strained voice, "didn't Matthew Gorse take my money and run away with it?" "No, no, no," said the old man, and fell back upon the bed. " He sent it back to you, with a message, BeBs. I'd ha' told you long ago, but I got more and more scared of you; but he told me to tell yon for your sweet sake—for your sweet sake—" " Oh, my God!" said Elizabeth, and fell on her knees by the bedside. Then Obadiah fell into broken sobB and exclamations, and told her alL Obadiah Truepenny died that night, and' when -upon the day of the funeral the will •was read, the people of Plimpton'Centre thought it a wicked and unjust thing for Deacon Trnepenny to leave half his fortune to that scape- grace of a nephew, Matthew Gorse. Time rolled on, however, and Matthew did not come to claim his inheritance. Every night the ruddy glow from Miss Truepenny's sitting-room windows gleamed halfway across the road, but it was fully three years afterward that it shone upon a shabby, disheveled, fierce- looking vagrant, who stooped upon the door-step to put some of the snow by the way-side upon his burning, throbbing head, His breath was nearly spent, and the Christmas bells that rung out from the church below made a confusion in his brain. His shalring hand raised the massive Old silver knocker, but Betty did not unfasten the chain. " Obadiah Truepenny ?" she said. "Why, Lord o' mercy, he's dead and buried these three years I" " Dead!" said Matthew, and dropped on the door-Bill like a stone. That word was like a bullet to him. "Dead!" he gasped out, and gave up the struggle. He fell on his face along the porch, and there Elizabeth found him. Sgpier hours after, he opened his eyes upon the wide, pleasant old sitting-room. The Christmas fire was burning upon the hearth, casting a ruddy glow upon the homespun carpet; blazing upon the polished heads of brass, tbe quaint old heads of handirons, shovel, and tongs, staring at each other from their separate corners, just as in the old time; flickering upon the solid,old mahogany sideboard, with, its chubby decanters and tall glasses, its big square tray, upon which that Japanese woman had been falling' slantwise through the air ail these years, and never yet spilled those impossible flowers on the .mountain by her side; lighting up the high straightbacked' chairs, the tall mirror, the dried casBes on the mantel, the geraniums still floBBoming in the warm south .window; heating the air with a home soenit oE pine, a resinous odour of the old woods, that went Straight to the soul of the poor vagrant upon the old chintz-covered settee. Once, upon a time he was in keeping"with the snug, gay appointments of „ this pleasant old room. He was as emirt; and dapper then, with his jetty locks'ana.white skin and unexceptionable' garments, as smirk and smart, as they. But how he was broken and. bent and worn, shabby, unkempt, tmd miserable. His hoots .were rent, and bo was his heart He was oiit of place here. And a shadow there by his side, some drapery upon'the floor, a ruffle of lace falling upon a white hand nearby-—all these took his breath away, brought, weak, miserable tears to liis eyes, shook the fainting soul within him. Her face—oh, the old proud, Bweet face!—was turned a little away, and' her hair—oh, the old ruddy, qhadow-tinted hair 1—had half fallen upon her shoulder; the high nose, the clean but Ot the nostril, the'firm sweep Of the chin and throat—why, she "was the' same old sweet, sad, imperious Beea, the very same, While he—oh, misery I—was but a ghost to trouble joy/ All the old fear of her and the old worship came swooping baok upon • liim.•• . t He made aa effort to fall at her feet, but sankjbaokpowerless. -jjfF;fiesBl' Sessl" he cried; in a voice craekedand hollowas a broken drum. *M>id£he old man tell you before he died f Did fee right me atthelaetP Oh, I swear to you, Bess, I've been true to my word ever cinop.; I've done my .best, Bess, pobr, miserable wretch that l am—I have done my beat. B»^ere' l -r-and he took from his breast a nudged, faded bit of .ribbon—" I've kept it filf these years; it's all I went away with, and |t*s all I've come back with. I couldn't Tiaie up the money, Bess; luck was against jg^omehow,, Where other men gained, I M lost; and even now I'm in the way. st ko, Bess ;but tell me, before I leave lid the old man Tight me at the last 1" M flipped from. her cluuc to >r,j£id for the first time in twenty long ,T JTafidmore he felt the armB of a woman aboutthjiB neck, of all the artpBln tHe world, those pr his cold, proud cinmh, and teara were gaining out of her eyes upon his wasted oheeEP- (4, {'- . The podHrombling lips ofthe wanderer,"', touched by those of Elizabeth, grew faint with rapture. As for Bess, this was the first, the very first, lover's kiss that had ever been hen, and she was fortyyears *>ld that day. "He righted^ou, Matthew. He was eorry. He has left you sixty. thousand dollars in his will, You are as rich as I, dear. I pray of you to forgive him." " Forgive him—yes, with all my heart. But take the money—no; your money, BeBs —sixty thousand dollars 1'' and the poor baffled gold-seeker repeated it once again— " Sixty thousand dollars!" " With his prayer to be forgiven, dear. And the old store is there. You shall be its master, and mine, Matthew. Oh, say—tell me—are you happy at last—as happy as 1P'' " Why, Bess, if I've only the strength to bear it. It's tougher than misery, somehow. Bess, I'm a weak, miserable wretch, you know. Let me have it out, dear;" and he put hiB head down on her breast, and Bobbed all the old wretchedness and wrath and sorrow away. 