Arrival of the^ Whampoa. BY the arrival of the Whampoa at Melbourne on Sunday last we have European files to the 3rd June, The following is the list of passengers for Sydney :-Mr. A. W. M. Lees, Mr. Henry Scott, Mr. It. Walker, Mr. and Mrs. George Scott, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Rome, two children and servant, Mr. Arthur Blunt, Mr. aud Mrs. Henry Wadge, Miss E. E. Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tiarks, Ave chi'dren, Mr. C. Anson, Mr. Francis D.Kite, Mrs. Haygarth, Miss Annie Haygarth, Mrs. Wallis, Mrs. Hepburn, Miss Jaue May, Mrs. Napier and two children, Mr. Philip Napier, Miss Edith Napier, Mrs. Raymond, Miss Mary Raymond, Mr. Percy Raymond, Mrs. Sleigh and servant, Miss Annie Sleigh, Miss Owen, Miss Howell, Mr. II, Hart, Baron Von Beust, Dr. and Mrs. A. K. Morson, child and servant, Mr. George Michael, and 112 in the second cabin and steerage. Captain Hume, late in command of the Immor talité, of the detached squadron, has been dis missed the service by a sentence of court-martial, for conduct unbecoming an officer and gentle man. The Duke of Cambridge reviewed 14,000 men at Aldershot on the 27th May. There were, in addi tion, 2000 horses and 46 guns on 'tho ground. The Army and Navy Gazette states that, in case a cavalry corps ia sent abroad, the Household Brigade will form a part of it. lier Majesty, it is reported, has purchased the extensive forost of Ballnckbyne, adjoining Bal moral, from Colonel Farquharson, of Invercauld. It possesos tho largost area of .natural-grown Scotch firs in Scotland, tho size, beauty, and symmetry of tho trees being unequalled. An international British celebration of Her Majesty's birthday has boen held at St. Peters burgh, Virginia. It lasted three days. There was a very large gathering, every British association in Canada and the United States being rex>resented, and Americans exhibiting marked sympathy. A meeting of several thousand agricultural labourers was held in Somersetshire on tho 21st May. The Prince of Wales had been invited to preside, but had written stating that he was un able to do so. Mr. Gladstone and others also wrote excusing themselves from attendance. The object of the meeting was to assimilate the county and borough franchise. Lord Cairns has introduced a Bar Education and Discipline Bill into the House of Lords, providing for the establishment of a council of thirty, to be appointed by the four Inns of Court, and six by the Government. The council is to have jurisdic tion over barristers, with power to disbench or dis bar, subject to appeal to the Supreme Court Judicial Committee. In consequence of the English Press, Conserva tive, Liberal, and Radical, with singular unanimity condemning the action of Marshal MacMahon in dismissing M Simon, papers have been subjected to a censorship on entering France, and they are de layed several hours. It has been stated that Marshal MacMahon in tends resigning if another Republican Assembly is elected. A gross act of treachery on the part of Russia was noticed by the Berlin correspondent of The Times. A man named Krysiuski, a leader in the Polish insurrection of 1863, who escaped, applied for leave to return. .In answer, he was invited to come back. On doing so, he was tried and sen tenced to banishment in Siberia. He made his escape, was caught, and tried a second time, and shot. Colonel Porter, RiE., has been sent to Kars on a special mission, to report on the war in Asia Minor. The date of the departure of the Czar from Buck :-barest is purposely not made known. The fre quent accidents on the Roumanian railways has . given rise to a fear that a conspiracy to cause his j death is afloat. Advices from General Louis Melikoff, received at St Petersburg, state that the Mussulman popu lation have risen en masse since the proclamation of the fetwa, by the Sheik-ul-Islam. Generalj Res cheff, it is said, has been compelled to retreat before the Circassian insurgents; According to a Tiflis telegram the Russian gar rison of Sukhoum Kaleb, after the destruction of the place and fort, retired to the forts and block house of Macamba, on the heights to the north east, and have been reinforced by battalions of rifle men from the Kuban, and regular field and mountain batteries. Notwithstanding these reinforcements, an attack made on the Turkish positions at Suk houm Kaleb, a few days ago, seems to have been completely unsuccessful. The Russians wovo driven back with, loss, leaving a considerable quantity of arms and ammunition on the field. Tho natives of Abkasia as well as thc Circassians are, it is stated, now in full insurrection. Tue Sultan has ordered 20,000 revolvers to be purchased out of his private purse, and distributed among the insurgents. The effect produced by the insurrection in the Caucasus, tho Vienna correspondent of The Times says, seems to be all the greater in Russia, as it was quite unexpected. All accounts previous to the war were such as to excite no apprehensions about a possible rising there. The race between Boyd and Higgins was rowed in tempests of wind and rain, and the river was lashed into augry roar. As Boyd was known to be suffering from au attack of boils, the betting was strongly in favour of Higgins. A clear lead of two lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who from that moment hold the race secure, Higgins not having a ghost of a chance against him. Altogether it was a hollow affair. The Daily Telegraphy commenting on the race, says there was a space of at least 200 yards between the men as Boyd went under Barnes' Bridge; and that ho could have won by a quarter of a mile is undeniable had ho uot judiciously slackened his paco; as it was Higgins, who showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behind at the finish. Boyd won in 28 minutes 24 seconds, by Benson's chronometer watch. With the stakes of £400 and the sculler's championship, Boyd also took as a challenge trophy, the hand some cup given by the proprietors of a Newcastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd or Blackman will go to Australia and therë compete with Trickett, who last June easily defeated Joseph Sadler for the Thames championship, but declined; , i before leaving England, to row with Higgins.- ' ; The following account of the sinkiug of a second Turkish ironclad in the Danube is telegraphed by ' the special correspondent of The. 'Tipies at Buck harest :- One of the most daiùng deeds ever recorded in the history of warfare was performed on the Lower Danube, near Ibralia, on Saturday morning, May 26. A small detachment of Russian soldiers, commanded by Lieutenant Diibaschiff, accompanied by tho commander of the Roumanian ? flotilla, Major Murgesen, left the northern shore of the Danube in a number of small boats, and pro ceeded towards thepointPetraFetoi, below Machin, and opposite Ibralia, at which jDoint there was stationed a large Turkish monitor. The night was very dark, and they managed to surround the monitor before being discovered hy the Turkish sentries on board. They were challenged, and " Who goes there ? " rang out on the night air. Major Murgesen replied in Turkish, " Friends." The Turks, evidently not satisfied, commenced firing in the direction of Matchin, not knowing whore these boats were. During the firing, several of the Russian soldiers, under the direction of Lieutenant Dubascholf, plunged into the water, swam silently to the hull of tho ironclad vessel, aud placed the deadly torpedo in close contact with the bottom of the monitor. Af tor tho destructive machine had been securely fastened, and the wiro of an elec tric battery had been accurately adjusted,'tho men retired to the neighbouring shoro of tho river, and at half-past 3 in the morning tho monitor was blown into tho air with all the officers and crow. The ex plosion was terrific ; and as nothing is said'of the. crew being saved, it is supposed that all on board perished with the vessel. The cool determi nation with which this fearful enterprise was successfully carried out, speaks for itself. The fate of the second Turkish monitor . already sent to the bottom of the Danube with all on board, shows how futile the expectation that gunboats can maintain the mastery of a river lined with hostile batteries, filled with enemies as resolute os the men whose deeds are recorded above. The name of the monitor destroyed was the Dar Matrin. . . At an annual meeting of the National Rifle Asso ciation it was resolved to get up a united team from England and Irelaud to shoot in the long range international match in America. 