THE SGULLERS' CHAMPIONSHIP, (From the Daily Telegraph, May 29.) A more active und efficient agent; eveu than j Mr. Lord, of the Thames Couservauoy, in clear- j ing the course between Putney and Mortlake i yesterday afternoon was a hhnpesfc of rain und wind. TIjb river was lashed into an angry roar, and seemed as though it would vent its fury on the slender boats of the competing scullers. Many persons had assembled on the banks, for the morning was fair of promise, and there was hope oven in the keen, diy wind that accom panied a too early brightness and warmth of sunshine. But the hurricane that swept the liVcr and threatened to swamp the boats had a marvellously sudden effect in diminishing the crowd, as well as in changing what was left of | it iuto a black, shiuing mass of umbrellas. Of the two men who met to try their strength in the scullers' race for the championship of Eng land and £400, it is not necessary to say much, as their former achievements are in the memory of all who take an interest in aquatics. John Higgins is a Shadwell waterman, who, in the International Regatta, last October, was van quished by the youthful Blaekman, and Robert Watson Boyd is a Tyne-sider, who in turn beat Blackmail on the memorable occasion wo have just referred to. Four steamers were chartered to accompany yesterday's race, and they were all crowded. The time appointed for the start was a quarter past 2, but, as usual, it took place somewhat later, the word being given precisely at a quarter to 8. As Boyd was known to bo suffering from an attack of boils, the betting had been strongly in favour of Higgins, the odds at an early period of the day being 2 to 1, but ao soon us the rough weather bejjan to affect the state of tho water, making it as lumpy aa it might lmvo been at Bluckwnll, tho difference gradually sank till in a few instaueea 11 to 10 was takeu. Boyd was atteuded by Baguall, and Higgins by Drewitt, and each man was cheered on stripping, though the appearance of Boyd wus decidedly j better than that of his opponent. A clear lead of I two lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who from that moment held the race securo, Higgins having not a ghost of a chance against him. To the G-ateshoad inau tho storm-troubled water wis a piece of luck, and the knowledge of this fact, indeed, had completely changed the betting. Before the Bishop s Walk was quite passed by tho leading man, his boat was four lengths ahead ; and he was sculling easily at an increased distance, probably at fivo or six lengths, when going by the Crab Tree. Higgins, ou tho other hand, laboured hard, as tho south westerly squall was rising to a dangerous fury. Tho Soap Works were reached in 7nu 8s, by Boyd, and 7m. 17s. by Higgins; and Hammer smith-bridge in 8m. -lis. by Boyd, and 8m. 503. by Higgins ; but tho nine seconds' difference might easily have been increased by Boyd had ho thought it necessary to exert himself a little more. So hollow a race would necessarily have been a very dull and unexciting one, had not a cuuso of anxious uncertainty arisen from the perturbed condition of the tide. It was by no means uulikely that accident might turn the fortunes of the day ; for a positive sea was ruuning, and the frail craft were buffeting with white-crested waves that evor and anon hid them from sight. Still, it was far more probable that Higgins should bo the sufferer than that mischance should happen to Boyd ; for while tho latter shot his boat with comparative steadiness through the foam, Higgins seemed ull abroad, and was compelled again and again to stop, in order to right his staggering vessel. A space of at least 200 yards was between the men as Boyd went under Barnes-bridge, and that he could have won by a quarter of a mile is undeniable, had not ho judiciously slackened pace. As it was, Higgins, who showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behind at the finish, Boyd wiuning in 28min. 2-isec. by Benson's chronograph. With tho stakes of £400 and the scullers' champion ship, Boyd also took, as a challenge trophy, tho handsome cup given by tho proprietors of a Newcastle paper. It is very likely that Boyd or Blackmail may go to Australia, and there compete with Trickctt, who last Juno easily de feated Joseph Sadleir for tho Thames Cham pionship, but declined, before leaving England, to row with Higgins. ONE of the discoveries made by the last Arc tic explorers is tlmt tho length of the polar night is one hundred and forty-two duya, What a fiuo place that would be in which to toll a man with a bill to call arouud tho day after to- mor row and get his mouoy I The amount of mouoy presented to the Pope by the English Catholics oa his jubilee was 414,770. 