'THE. NOVELIST. KNOWN AT LAST. A June night; such a Juno night I warm, blue, and breathless, and moon light. I am sitting all nalono in the dear old London garden, and the canal which runs by the end of it, silvered bymoonlight and occasionally darkened by the sehdow of a passing barge, looks quitosoft and Italian. Papa hnas had a few gentleman to dinner, and till they are satistlcd with wino and politics, I prefer the garden to the dragwing-room,n--tho garden full of moonlight and the' searching scent of the thorn. I nam not long, however, to onjoy my solitude, for here is a stop close by me, and the glimmer of a cigar. 'Ah! Miss Paisley,' says a low, musical voiceo, wl*.h which I am very familiar. 'Did yoh take me'for a ghost?' I say, laughing, 'Hardly. I never yet heard of a ghost wearing flowers. I left the dining-room before the others because I wished to lava a few minutes' scrious talk with yes.' SOh, don't hoserious, I cry piteously and waking a mry face. 'Oh, put by jesting,' he rejoins in rather a weary tone of volce; 'after this I shall make no furthur exactions upon your time or mood.' My vanity is wounded, and I say, sharply, 'I can be as grave as most people whoen tho occasion requires it; but tlhro are persons who mistake moroseness for gravity and good spirits for heartlessness.' 'Very likely,' li goes on, hardly heeding my sally; * but hlave not come to defend my own conduct but rather: to plead for another. I am going-I am going to speak about my young friend Hamilton. Look hero, Rhoda Paisely, you may flirt with ninety-nine men, and though it may hurt your vanity to hear it, do thoem no lasting harm; but with tle hundredth it may be diffreont; you may at last drive him to madness or perdition. Hamilton is one of tile finest young follows that over lived.' 'An excellent young man, doubt less,' I put in with something of a sneer. Not noticing the interruption: 'Ho is, I know, not generally attractive to women. From a boy lio has been physically very delicate; his nature is ligh-strung and nervous. Now, you know lie loves you.' 'Indeed, you flatter me,' I say, looking down to hide a blush, which I tancy (though I know really it is not visible in tho darkness) cannot escape his gray penutrating eyes. 'Bu't,' ho says quietly, you cannot evade ne; you know lio does. Now, what I will have fiom you is this: How will you answer when he puts to you the supreno question of his lifo? Silent, but I demand an answer.' * 'And 1 command you to desist from your present impertinenco and to leave me,' I cry, springing up in a passion, and flinging far from me the rose with which I had been toying; 'and if you are a' delegato from your friend lie ihas indeed been unfortunate.' 'No, upon my honour I am not that;' leo rejoins, earnestly. Then lie stands aside and bows gravely as I sweep past. I hasten to the drawing-room, and soon the gentlemani came in. William Hamilton comes over to where I am sitting. He is certainly handsome, though not in any way attractive to us women; tall and slight, with an aristo cratic, mobile, thoughl somewhat feminino face, lit up by large, soft melancholy eyes; his hands beautifully fathioned, are thin almost to trans parency. IIo leans witl his arm oil the back of my clair, and begins talking about some book lie hns given me. To 'ill his questions I reply witl warmth and nnimatlon. Colonel Gordon is observing us; his face always brightens when lie hears me talking less frivolnusly than is my wont. I cn not help contrnstiug the two hriicnds; the younger-and so much the younger, too-so fair and fragile; the older, certainly not at all handsomo, but strong of limb and broad chest, with the dark, resolute fico worn and beaten by tlhe storm wind of the world; I thlink I mako myself very agreeable to poor Mr. Hamilton. We sit by ourselves all the ovening apart in a corner of the room, apparently lost in one another, until something lhe rays puts me out of tune, and I leave him in a tilT, poor fellow. Only wlhen lie is going away, I am so sorry for him that I cainot resist saying, 'I hope you don't think me too quarrel. some?' Then I look up piteously in hils face and cast another look of proud defiance at his friend. Soon our little party breaks up, and I am glad that tihe evening is at anl cnd. Another superb day,just as hot and cloudless as yesterday; but in spite of the beautiful weather and all tlhe roses in the garden, I got up cross and out of spirits. Amn I merely a flirt ? Somoiling altogether too light anl frivolous ? A woman, I thinlt, should be something better. .After all, Colonel Gordon was right, and lwhen I see Mr. Hainiltol aigain I will show hlin firmly but kiidly thant lie lias no reason to liope. I ani somewhat com forted by this resolution, but I have no will to read books or to pay visits. I have no .mother, and I am anl only childl, so my lifo is rather solitary. Somehow tlhe day wears itself away anl at 6 o'clock, piunctianl as the time itself, comes the lquicl, familiar ring, and I hasten to meet my dear old father after his ollicial duties. I over come him by kisses and complaints. * Oh, I am so glad you have conie back,' I say; 'I have been horribly dlill; and nasn't it been hot ?--no cool corner in tlie house, and no shade in tile gorden.' Io retturns aiy kisses very all'ootionatoly, but lie looks so grave that I say nnxiously, Is anytling tile matter, dear ?' * es; I havo very sludilon nla d hli news,' lie answers, tabing 1un into Ithe diling-room andi stroking my lair" willt Ilis dear kind hands. ' Young tlaniil toil is dead; was found dead this morn. Inl In his bedl. It appears lie was always subject to heart complaint. I met Gordon in the street, whogave me the sail news. Poor fellow I lo seemed quite broken by it.' I am terribly frighlolaod. Donn I say tlhe word over and over again, yet I cannoit realize the full mealning of it. But when I go to bed I turn any faco to thel wall, on wliclh ono long ray of mnoonlight is pilayilng, tnral sihI as if' iny haeart would breali. nlnd yet I know I dli inot love himl. (iOh, soft, melaneholy eyes I Perhiiliai not meilancholy niow, but glad land radiant and full of a now trinauphint light. Oh, pour troubiled heart I tlhat last, I holpe, at last found roest.. But I tlilnak of the little kind thlings I might hlavo said or done, and ofall the things snid or done so much bettor left undone. WYell, the tedious summer days go by. We never see Colonel Gordon now; he seems to have given us up; oven papa seems to wonder at his silence. The hot August days we leave noisy, dusty London behind anid take wing for the continent. We have got over the first shock of poor Mr. llnmilton's death, but I am not quite what I was, and I think if Colonel Gordon could see me now he would think me less frivolous. I have a half hupo that wu may meet him nin nor wanderings. I look anxiously into all the hotels, into the books of visitors, where his name is not regis tered, and after two months of mountain and sea air we conme back to old London, the old house, the old life. We have been home a week. To-day pupa, has got to his oltice occupations again, and to-day I feel terribly sad and cheerless -a sadness which all things around moo tend to deepon; the rustle of dead leaves of the garden paths, the meoanings of thle wind in the leafless branches, the cold gray aspect of the sky. Is there noth ing I should like to do? I think, as I wander listlessly between the garden and the house. Ahl! yes, there is one thing I have always intended to do, and why not to-dayl I gather a nosegay of lato Autumn flowers out of our own garden, knowing that, if living, that would have pleased him most, and I sot out on my sad pilgrimago. They have laid my lover to rest at Norwood, in the dim vaults away usder the church. As I walk up the long rows of tombs ia chilly rain begins failling, boating in myy face; but I do not feel frightened or lonely in this capital of the dead, nor do I shrink as, lit by a faintly glimmoring taper, I wander down the sad, populous region below, though I shiver at the dank air, in which death seems to be comoahnlostpalpablo Myguide, looking carefully at the lnames, taper in hantd, stops before one. I signify to him that I would be aloneo for a fuw Ininutos and be retires. I bond down anld read the inscription :-" WVllliam Hamilton, born May 17, 1851; died June 9, 1873. Ilt giveth His buloved sloop." It is, indeed, sleep for him, and unmarroe by any dreams? I think of how Ihe loved me -that love which I hold so lightly and the plenteous tears come. Bunt here is a step. The custodian of the place coming back, I suppose, I raise my eyes hurriedly, aun Colonel Gordlon eaters; buttlhoy have in tlhem milder, swooter look tihan I hlave over seen there before. ieo takes my lhands in hiis and holds them, looking long and lovingly at the inscription o0n the collil. Weo do snot speak n wolrd, but we leave the placo together and come out inlto the gray wintry light of the thding day. Ho draws my arnm in his, still lholding my Ilhnd, and we walk a little way in silenceo. At length he says, very kindly: ' Thank you for this, Rhodn; I did not know that you loved him so much.' ' Stop,' I say; ' I am very sorry for him, and I feel so grateful that iso should havo eared for me: but in the way you mean I never loved him. All you said to me that night was right and true, and I have been the better for it.' 'No harm. llns been done,' heo re joins; and if heo died thiikinlg you loved him, he died happier. lutt you aioe. not looking well. Is anythliug troubling you?' 'No; I.am not happy; and now hIo has golne, Thllvo no one who I think rbally loves meo.' iYou are mistaken there,' Iheo r. plios'quietly. ' Don't you know that I love you?' And then more to him. self than to me, 'as my life as my soul. I loved you, Rhoda, from the first day I saw you; but thlu he loved you, too, and ihe was so unablo to buffet the waves of tills world, if you could have loved him and made hIis Iso happy well, dear, you understand. I have said more thlan I meant to sany; con. sider some of it unsnil; only rememnober if over you want n friend, yon will know whore to come; and," Ihe adds with rather a esad smile, ' I will not oven in jest ask you to becomno my wife.' ' Because you consider me so worth less?' 'Bleecauso I will not give you the pain of saying no.' 'Becasoe youl will not give me thoe joy of say'ing yes.' 'I'l'hat could not hIe,' Iho replies, with antnost childish incredulity in Ihis voice; ' why I ram lifteen years older thal ) you.' 'And if it were twice that lt would be nothinig,' I reply warmsly. ' But ,must you beat all lthe pride oat of me?' lie turns round now and faees nme, layinig his hands lupon 0 y lshollders, while I gaze into hIis eyes so fonnlk and fearless. l Remember,' Ihe says, its it solemn voice, ' the planeo fiom which we have just come, remember all that is at stake, and then toll ime if you can say from the bottom of your heart-I love you.' My Iheart dsos not falter as I clho hIis istt words, Isd sl I k.llelo nowo thlst rhe will tievol' ask Ine tlhat question ngains-nt least for the Io nltt of con Iirllmtiolt. I10 foldhs nse i hIis anlnls , itnd, Iesisllllsg downs, kilssos my lips lonig ndt passlionatteily. I emeo in hIt o'e,' Ito says, 'ono of tshe weariest mUOn Itil ill God' oeartll, nnd now I anm asuely Itho most blessed.' Woe go back to ILoendos, both happy, both suproemely I Iappiy; and as we drive homo thlrouglh the shrieking London streets, I sliud der to think how nearly I had missed tho greant pence and happiness of my life. lHe had kept his secret man fully, but thank God it had been klown at last, and not too lato. 