J HE DINNER Took place at tlie New Kadina Hall, (Host Hazelgrove's). and was served with all the abundance and hospitality distinguishing the caterer. It is not our purpose to raise the ghosts of gastronomic delicacies, but our readers may rest assured everything was represented that was necessary for enjoyment and satisfaction. The Chair was occupied by F. W. Garner Esq. J.P.. President of the Society, who was supported on his right by the Hon. T. Elder M.L.C.. and Sir John Morphett. and on hi< left by T. Cowan Esq., M.l'.. and Mr. F. Hack (of Mount Templeton). The Vice-Chair was filled by It. \Y. Bawden, Esq., and the guests included a great many victors. After due attention had been paid to the duties of the table, the business of the evening introduced by the C'HAIRMAS calling upon the company to honor customarily given on these occasion®. the loyal toasts these he coupled " The Acting Governor." With Mr. Gayin Freebairn, J.P.. was caPed upon to propose" The Ministry." lie thought it rather strange to call upon a farmer to propo-e such a toast at this moment, when tliey were taxing the farmer by increasing ihe railway rates. (Laughter.) But though this would be felt by the farmers somewhat, they must lose sight of that, hi the general sense of the benefit which had accrued to them by the opining up of the country by means of railways This had enabled them to become greater producers, and had put them in a position to grow wheat even at some distance from the seaboard so that they could enter as competitors in the great markets of the world. (Hear, hear.) If thev grew wheat at a bushel at a distance of 50 or (iO miles from the seaboard, to cart it to port; would absorb Is. out of the 4=., but with a railway the cost would be reduced one-half ; and of this advantage those farmers who were living within the reach of lines of railway were now reaping the benefit. (Applause.) The present Ministry were doing a great work throughout the country in building railways and jetties, and providing shipping facilities, which all went to economise labor, and anything that went to save labor—which was the dearest commodi.y the farmer had to deal with—was of advantage to the producer. There were as they all knew troublous times in Parliament at present ; but he felt assured that if the Government would h"ld on a little longer they would their troubles all through. For his part he should be soirv to see the Ministry put out just now. as it would involve a waste of time. (Hear, hear.) If they c.uld just manage to go on with the business of the country it would be much b'-tter. There were some Bills in hand which he wou'd like to see carried ; for instance, the Land Bill. He was in favor of some sort of classification of the land under that Bill ; and he would permit a man going out 50 miles from a port or railway as much land as he like to take up, only with strict condition as to cultivation. lie himself would sooner have a equate mile situated conveniently for a market then two square miles distant oO miles from a po t. This enlarged area would suit a lot of country iri the north, where stock feeding and agriculture must be pursued hand in hand : and he should like to see the Bill passed. F;.r that rea=ori he hoped the Ministry would not In disturbed ; and wke iliem for all in all he was well sati«fied \yith them. (Applause and one or two expressions of dissent.) The Chairman said Ihere was no one preeent to re c pond—neither the Commissioner of Crown Lands nor the Treasurer, who had j been invited by letter and wire. "They could not. under the pressure of jjther pressing engagements, be present, and had apologised for their absence. i Mr. Christmas PROPOSER] "The Pnrliuifnl.'' The range of th» toast was something like the policy of the late Government—a comprehensive one. It; seemed to him that the Parliment, included both Houses as well as the Ministry, and he thought it an unfortunate cm: r:ir. st a nee that thev were not always dealt with in the one toast. I'e would not like to commence, as did a great manv speaker*, by saying that our present Parliament, would compare wc'l with the Parliaments rtf the oilier colonies. He did not think if it only did that, that it would be at al 1 satisfactoiy. It was not sufficient simply to say or feel that our Parliament: was in that position. Our colony rniuht be .-miong the youngest. <jf the group ; but t hose who had lived in it; some years and looked into the future, were of opinion that; by and by South Australia would be among the foremost and most, successful of the Australian colonies. (Applause.) He was glad to note from year to year that there was an absence in our Parliament, of those scenes wh ch disgraced other Parliaments, and he hoped our Legislature would continue to improve in its moral standing and acquire greatness in the right, direction. (Applause.) He was sorry the Parliament had not carried out to a greater extent than it had the Boucaut Policy. (Hear, heat.) The country appreciated it as far as it had gone, but there was much y t. t-- be done to cany out that grand policy. He did not care whether it was carried out by Boucaut or some one else, but it should' have been moie fully carried out. He for one believed it would have been wise to have pursued the Boucaut. policy with reference to the Northern Territory and the introduction of ihe followers of Bishop Bugnion, as indicated by a former Ministry ; it would have been the best thing for the Northern Territory and for Soulh Australia. ("No," and Hear, hear.) He had seen numbers of people from the Northern Territory, and thev only confirmed bis opinion that the Bugnions would have been far preferable to the coolies Jfcnd Chinese. These had been a source of Pgreat troub'e in some parts of America, and were the present difficulty of Queensland ; and there was no reason to expect that if t.hey were introduced into the Horthern Tenitoiy that, we should any more escape trouble ihan had others who had had experience of that class of persons. So far as tiieexperience of many colonistson the Victorian goldfields wa- concerned, they had never yet found that the Chinese had made good settlers, nor had they in any other country, nor were they ever likely to become good colonists. ("Thev never will.') It would have been faT better for the status of Soulh Australia too if the Government had done something more in reference to the Outer Harbor than had heen .lone : it would even if only commenced, have given the opportunity of tliis colony competing with Sydney and Melbourne. When they saw vessels ^ono tons aniving. and that it was neressaiv to put down mooring buoys, because they could not. enter the chief port of the colony, it was lime something were done. It was understood that a company had been formed for carrying out the project : but if thev might judge from their experience of the local railwav he felt, that it would be the greatest misfortune for the Largs Bay aifair to fall into the hands of a private company. (Applause.) He did not gay but that the Kadina and Wallaroo Railway Company had don- a good thing in year's pa*t in making that railway and extending the means for shipping at Port Wallaroo; hut the old system had survived its time, and he was sorry to see that there had been a collapse in the negotiation for transfer between the V. vernment and the Company. He had hoj.cil that by this tjme the railway and Wallaroo jetty would have been in the hands of the Government where they ought to have been. (Applause.) He deprecated the stand taken in the Upper House by a certain titled gentleman there. (Hear, hear.) The country did not wish that the public, business should come to a stand-still, but they were not satisfied with the stand taken by Sir Henry Avers. (" No.'" yes.' ) The public business was some time ago hp-ught to a stand by the very same person. The Stamp Duties were not agreeable to anyone ; but he was not satisfied that,, had the Stamp Duties passed despite Sir II. Avers, the country would not have been in a better position than it was to- day, notwithstanding the increased duties on iron and cornsacks. ("' Yes ; clap it on the poor men.") They would have felt the Stnmp Duties to nothing like the ext.- nt to which thev were now feeling the taxes put on by the present Government. (Hear, hear.) He a=ked ihem to toast " The ,J ai liament," wishing it high moral and political healthfulness. (Applause) The Hon. Thomas Eldek, who was received with applause, acknowledged th" toast, as representing the Legislative Council When he left Adelaide on the previous morning. he had no idea that he should be invited to occupy the position with which he was honored that evening ; and had not prepared himself with any speech for the occasion. He had very little to say. buc he couid not treat the toast intended as a mark of respect to the Legislative Council wilh indifference. That body was veiy much in the hands of lh'- ncopl of the colony : its members were elected by their votes, and if there were memberwho were not worthy of aplacein it.thepeop'e had themselves to blame. He would not refer in particular or at any length 1" the disagreement between the Legislative Council and liie hon the Chief Secretary ; but he might be permitted to say that the dispute between the Council and Sir II. Ayeimight be compared to a qua iel between a inao and his wife. (Laughter.) It was per haps unwise to say which was in the wrongbut if they were left alone to themselves thev would speedly settle the dispute. (Laughter.) He would say therefore that the c untry and the I'ress had be! ter leave the Council alone, and he would undertake io say that the business of the session would be carried out to its close in a successful and satisfactory manner, consi eriiig the existing state of things. In giving utterance to these opi'iions he would be understood as averse to any change of Ministiy. He consideied it, would he a great misfor! une to have a change of Ministry under present circumstances—(hear, hear)—and if the Legislative Council was regarded as a check upon hasty and ill- considered legislation ; if the Council was to be permitted a voice and a fair share in the government of the three realms of the State, then the independence of the Council must be maintained. ( Applause.) He for one would consider it. a great misfortune and a calamity to the country if the liberty and the privileges of the Legislative Council were infringed upon or set at nought. (Applause.) On behalf of the Legislative Council he begged to make his sincere acknowledgements for the toast. (Applause) Mr. Cowan M P., responded on behalf of the House of As-eub'y. He w uld have preferred that one of t.he members for the district should be taking the position he found himself unexpectedly occupying. Most of knew tha* the House of Assem blv had passed very few measures during the present session. Some th*y had passed had idrevlv be' n rejected by the Legislative Council, and tie was not sure thai they ; would not reject ehe Bills that might yet be passed. He was not going to say th t, the wh le of the measures would be rejected ; he hot ed not. There was one he. had taken a great, interest in—the Land Bill, ami he hop~d t'-at would be passed - and if it came out o f the Legislative Council in the same shape as it was likely to be sent up by the Assembly, he believed it would work well for the interests of the colony at large. The most important part, of that measure was the extension of area of farmers" holdings, and in his • pinion that was necessary, if for no other purpose at aru r rate to help the farmers over t he day secsons. The combination of agricultural a no pastoral pursuits would lead to 1he production of larger quantities of meat, the farmers would neal direct with the consumers, to the vast, advantage of the latter, and the middle man and his heavy commissions would tie done away with. The monopoly would become extinct. Willi reference to the dispute between Sir H. Aycrs and the Upper House his own opinion was 1hat.it was a ruxr. (Expressions of dissent.) The Opposition c mid not.carry a vote of no-confidence fn the Assembly and so tried to put the Government into a fix through the Legislative Council. (Renewed dissent.) He did not expect to convince everybody: he gave his own opinion, and he had good rra^Ons for that opinion. He believed it was a personal quarrel between Sir H. Avers and t.he Legislative Council. There was no con. siitiHional point involved in the matter. (•' Yes.") Well he had never yet. heard it. ; and theie was no other country in ihe British dominions that they had yet li jard of that would take upon itself to -ay "we will stofi work unless the Chief Secretary resigns.'" So from his point of view it was not a constitutional question, but a matter of personal spite against, the Chief Seereta-y. He believed it. was to try anil put the pre- sent Mininst.ry out of office. ("No."' Kick them out.") Now lie wa- against, the Ministry going out of office because it would delay public woi k=, pel haps as much as six monlhs. It had been said that Sir II. Ayers had been most inconsistent, and that he had been unjust to the farmers, taxing t eir wire and other mat ters. Now he, as a farmer, gave it as his opinion that Sir H. Ayers did a good tiling for the colony when he objected to the Stamp Duties, because the Government had heen able. afterwards to carrv out the Boucaut, policy without that tax. And with reference to the taxing the wire, he 1 bought Boucaut's policy was to get that, which was wanted in the northern part of Victoria and New South Wales taken via Port Victor up the Murray. 'I his involved an injustice to the other colonies and loss to 1 h is colon v. because all that; was paid for landing and storing at Port Victor and pulling it in store at the other end of the journey was only half a crown a ton—which did not pay. It was neces-ary to put a tax upon 1he wire to prevent, this, and to keep good faith with the other Governments. With reference to railways, lie wa> glad to think the people of the Peninsu'a were likely to b;; connected with Adelaide, but he bell-ved the proper route was via Mallala to Salisbury. (Applause.) If that route were not adopted it was a pity the line was taken to Port Wakefield at ali, as it would have been be!tor io have gone from the Hummocks to Balaklava. wh eh I would have saved a great many miles. (Apl plause.) He was sorry to find our railways weie so costly. That from Kadina to Port Wakefield would cost £4000 per mile, nearly twice as much as was estimated. It was quite evident there must be something wrong when such a wide discrepancy occurred between tlie estimate and cost in such a level and easy country. Instead of railways costing us from £4000 to £5000 a mile, he thought £2500 to £3000 ample. (Hear, hear.) He thought \t was unnecessary to go to so much expense as at present was done for sleepers and ballast, and this question of cheap railways had everything t« do with the prosperity of the country. Cheap transit for produce was their first consideration. and that must be by means of cheap i ail ways : these must supersede macadamized roads. (Applause.) So far as the As=em'o ! y was concerned, the majority of the members were honestly desirous of doing their best for the general interests of the country, (Applause.) It was not usual for him to pitch into his opponents, more especial'y when lie was r,ot in his own district, although certain gentlemen attending :iieetings of this descri ption had said very nasty things which they had no riuht to say. because there was no truth in them; but since he was there he would refer to the p^pulaiity of Sp'dlirg Bees, and would give his friend the Editor of the Y. P. Adrorti-srr, w T ho was present, something for his next effort in that, direction. He did this because he had a particular liking to some indivirJu.il mem hers of the Press. He would first take the Hon. W. Morgan, and give him to spell Statesman. C institutional. Proceedings, Political Muddling. To Mr. Boucaut he would give Infallible Premier .Tudg -hip, farmers Mexsten.- qt:r. and Ward. He would like Mr. Mann to -r>ell Knight. Political, Jim Crow, Prima. ! Donna, and Harlequin. To his particular friend in G'tuifell Street, the Iierjister. he i would give Boucaut's Polic}'. Press Sub-idy ' and Clarke's Government Contract Then lie would come Io his friend there : he would serve all alike; and he would give to t, e Editor of tin; jr. P. Adr.crtixcr the words Member Parliament, R porting, and Consideration. (Throughout Mr. Cowan's spelling Bee there was considerable amusement, manifested.) If these gentle-men could not -pell these words they could wriggle out of them, as diil the old woman who founo a lifficultv with the word Mes- potamia. The hon. gentleman concluded his speech by a very ecmt'limentarv allusion to the show that day : the exhibits more particularly the vegetables were equal to .-un thing in the shows lie was in the habit of attending. He hould have been glad to have met the members for the district there. He believed it tight that members of Parliament should travel, inspect for themselves the state of the country, and learn its requirements; then thev would be able to give an intelligent. vote. (Applause.) Sir.John Moiiphett felt very much flattered in being asked to propose a tnas-. He had great pleasure in visiting the district, after an absence of many years, and noting the marks of substantial progress made. Kadina from being a small village had "become a large and handsome town : and from the character of their highly creditable exhibition that day, and the provision they had made in their finegrojnds, he predicted that, their Sociely wou'd become an increasingly successful institution. Tin: district was becoming agricultural. and would not, n w have to rely wholly upon mining and he thought, the quantity of agricultural produce would be very large. He was further pleased to see the provision for the education of the rising generation in the establishment of pub'ic schools, and he hoped that with the refinements of education and the influences such as this kind of institution was capable of exerting the people would be greatly benefitt d. He was glad to observe that the residents ejn Wallaroo Mines had been exhibitor* to a consjdei ab'e extent thai, day, and that they had been fairly successful. He proposed " Suc r ',-ss • and prosperity to t'-e Yurke's Peninsula | Agricultural Society." (App'ause.) j Mr. John PiKin responded. Sir John had j doubtless seen a great improvement on the Peninsula between his fiisrand second yisils. ; As one of the first agric.ultura' settlers in that neighb urhood, he himself had witnessed the change. Twelve ye is ago it was f=.-iid that it, was impos-ible. sheer m-idiie=s to try and grow wheat on Green's Plain*;, that the soil would not. produce even hay. Those who had seen the exhibits that dav could say how far that was true. The sample of wheat, over ti!) lbs., was one of the greatest weight s ever weighed in the world. (App'au-c.) Nor was he ashamed of the other Yoike's Peninsula exhibits. The S ciet v was incieasoig. and Ihe number of exhibits was in excess 'if any other Yorke'^ Peninsula exhibition ; and had the day been more . favorable it would have been much larger, j ( \pplause.) Mr. Thomas Davids, J.!\, in propos : ng "The Mining Interests of Yorke's Peninsula." j apologised for the absence of Captain HancoCk. He proceeded to say that, the Mining Interest had b:en worse 1 reated than any other in the colony. It appeared as; though everything that could be done, had i beed done to hinder the development, of that j industry, and t.he success that had attended it; had certainly not been the resu't of wise legislation. (Hear, hear.) The new Land ! Hill ("which also dealt with the Mineral Laws) would provide a great improvement, on the past; but. he failed to see why mining beyond anv other industry should have been singled out to be taxed, even as it would be in the new Bill, by a royalty. Why should 1he Government, which was liberal in every other direction be illibera' in this 1 It was an industry which produced for one prize a hundred blanks, ami that the majority of them knew from experience. (Applause.) Moreover, it, was an interest, requiring a very large capital ; and there was. as far as he could sec, no good leas n for taxing it at, all. The egislat.ion now.in hand was a step in the right direction, but he thought the restrict ions should be taken from it altogether. There "'as one < ther matter in re peet. of which be felt a lil.thdelicacy in mentioning in the presence of the hon. Mr. Elder, seeing that; he was interested ; but he th uight it would be veoy unfair to the Wallaroo Mine propt ktoi s who had so recently paid for the renewal of their lease £18,000. to be now under the new Act charged with a royalty. If sheir lease had happened to terminate now instead of a short time ago, they would have saved that £18.030: aud he thought, under the circumstances, some consideration should be given to them. lie would propose the toast " The Mining Interest of South Australia," (A pplausc). Mr- Wilson", in the absence of Captain Anthony, rcsp uided. and agreed with ihe previous speaker in his remarks respecting the Wallaroo Mines. There were unquestionably great mineral treasures in the district, and if the policy of repressing the interest by fines was pursued, it stood to sense that people would not expend money in an attempt to discover these treasures, which or might not be successful. Few people had any idea of the large sums expended n working a mine, and of the money thus put int o circulation : 1he capital which was put into ati ordinary comrnei cial business bore no proportion to it; and in his opinion, the proprietors of ever, successful mines were not. too well paid for their outlay. (Applause.) Mr. F. HACK proposed in felicitous terms the " Town and Trade of Kadina." He believed a large share of prosperity awaited it. and that that prosperity would be advanced largel} 7 by the extension of agricultural settlement in the district. Applause.) ftir Mahtin responded with pleasure. He was one of the oldest residents in Kadina, and be felt proud of the progress which the place had made in the sixteen years of its existence. There had of course been a great hardship in the outset.but.it was now a town they might boast of. The extension of agricultural settlement to w hich Mr. Hack had made reference was a source of additional slrength. and ihough mining was now dull they hoped for better times. He had great faith in Kadina yet. (Applause.) The CHAIBMAN agreed that, Kadina would yet bi c me a large and prosperous town. He anticipated that his property would be worth douole its ptesent value by and by. (Applause ) The Vice Chaikman proposed "The Judges" wi'h pleasure. He felt Ihe Society was much obliged to the gentlemen who ha 1 come from a distance at personal inconvenience probably to peifo'm the duties thev had that day discharged so well. Mr. BrOADSTock responded on behalf of the Judges, He thought they had acted with impartiality. Mr. A. Feanck. jun.. proposed "The Successful and Unsuccessful Competitors." He wa c glad to hear that there had been no | complaints in respect of the judges' decisions. That was a gratifying success. Those who had been unsuccessful must, t v again, and probably would succeed next year. He had been pleased 1o note thi° high character of the show, and that, it had been representative of distant places inclusive of Gawler and Adelaide, and particularly also of Moonta. ( \pplause.) Mr. May, on behalf of Martm and Co. and other exhibitors, acknowledged tin: toast- He thought the success achieved that day had br-en fairly and reasonably dividend among exhibitors. He was sorry the •veather had been unfavorable but. he hoped the financial results would be better than they expected. (Applause.) He might say lhat the competition had been quite as keen that dar in Kadina as they generally met, with in Adelaide. (Applause.) Mr. CmtiSTMAS proposed " The Visitors."' It was quite evident, that having represent atives from so manv sourroundmg distticis that their s})iny was becoming a recognized institution. They had had besides Hr John Mor;>h.:t.t t he Hon. '1'. Elder, and M . Cowan, M,P.. visitors from so far south as S-di-,burv, and fiorn Condowie Plain sand Baruuga in the north. Beside-; this the di-triet around had been well represent d. and last not least, Moonta. He was glad to see that a good number of i tizes had fallen 1o Moonta people, and he had great treasure in proposing the health of the Vi s-1. i r u . (Applause.) Mr. J. Hack responded. I Mr Davis. J.P. proposed " The Press."'' j coupling with it the names of the Editors of the Peninsula Papers. Mr. Deiiringtox responded. Mr. Cowan MP. p-ooo-ei in enlogistic terms "The Chairman:" and the 'Ihe Chairman nroposed •• The Vice-Presidents ; aud the Viee-Chairmaii gave " The Ho j f and Hostess." to hich latter toast Mr. Hasi:lG ROVE responded with his accustomed humor and < fiectiveness ; ;,nd the proceedings closed with the Naii inal Anthem. 