We are glad to see the Copperfield people putting their shoulders together in an effort to form a Company to purchase the plant of the Peak Downs Copper Mine Company. It has cost from first to last more money than all the mines in Queensland, but it paid splendid dividends and may yet prove a payable concern. The men who are now promoting the Company are residents on the spot and should know the capabilities of the mine and the chances of success. Though we are not very sanguine that Charters Towers can spare any capital for distant speculations, we wish the new Company success. The Port Denison Times wants to be "de- bauched." There is an immoral old Capricornian for you. He drops a tear over the corpse of the Ravenswood Times, because it supported the Separation craze. It laments the degeneracy of the Mackay Mercury, because that practical journal believes in present bread and butter rather than in Separation "Vauxhallers." Bowen labors under the hallucination of a "fixed idea." The Times has fixed the centre of gravity of the colony at Bowen. No matter what question turns up, it is posed and studied from a Bowen stand- point. It is an everlasting Boo, Boo-o, Boo-n — a roaring refrain as bad as Edgar Poe's "Never- more," only this is evermore, Bowen, Bowen, nothing but Bowen. We wish Bowen were "debauched" with three railway lines, six jetties, four court-houses, and ten gaols. The only ex- tinguisher on this never- ceasing dribble is the es- tablishment of a rival newspaper. We throw out the idea for the benefit of Mr. Douglass. That would "snuff out" Bowen. The best "wet blanket" in the North is the Townsville Herald ;" it would pay the Townsville people to be de- livered from its dreary and stupefying dulness, and it would extinguish Bowen beyond the power of recovery. Not even a "phaynix" like the Towers Herald could revive after one application of this wonderful medicament. See Holloway and Schnapps. Mr. William Naughten has put a new coach on the road between Charters Towers and Mill- chester. It is remarkable for several things, first, it has a name — the "Invincible" — that shows that we have passed out of the barbarian period into civilized times ; second, it has been turned out by an " old identity," Mr. C. G. Lamond, and is of local manufacture from keel to truck, with the exception of the wheels. The body of the coach is placed on four reversed springs. We performed a journey in the "In- vincible" to Millchester where we "wet" the coach at friend Chappell's, and we can say with- out any expansion that the "Invincible" is not to be "licked ;" she — it is a she of course — goes smoothly and without any sudden jerks. Third remarkable circumstance, she has "a step behind." This is the crowning glory of the coach. Our friend William has got on the right side of the ladies now and can give them a — hem ! a step up. There is one word more to be said ; the coach is very neatly painted by Mr. W. Whiffen, in red and green, the royal arms showing before and behind. On each side is painted Charters Towers and Millchester and underneath, "Invincible" in gay characters. The turn out is, taken altogether, very credi- table to the proprietor, to the builder and his staff and to the decorator and painter. The other coaches on the road are bound to furbish up. The benefit given on Wednesday night to the hospital by the Hart and Searell Troupe was poorly attended. The first part of the entertain- ment consisted of a piece entitled "My Wife's Relations," which was rendered in very superior style, Miss Kate Russel as Betsy, a school girl, completely winning the applause of the audience, while Mr. Hart, who is the best delineator of character songs, and the funniest, amused his audience very much. Mr. Searell presided at the piano as brilliant as usual. The second part consisted of a Irish musical comedy, entitled "Mrs. McCree's Troubles." Mr. L. Searell took the part of the Widow McCree, Miss Kate Russel, Molly, and Mr. Hart, Pat. The piece commenced with a piano solo, "Erin," from Benedict, by Mr. Searell, executed in his usual happy style. Mr. Hart then gave "Down Where the Praties Grow," which was received with loud applause, then came the "Irish Court- ship," by Pat and Molly, and a very amusing little business it was, poor Pat being eventually turned away by the enraged widow, when Miss Kate Russel sang "Mother you've sent him away" with great taste and feeling, and was loudly applauded. The song of the evening was the "Shamrock of Ireland" by Mr. and Mrs. Hart, Mr. Hart's fine tenor voice coming into full play, and was ably helped by Mrs. Hart. Mrs. Hart completely carried all before her as the "drummer boy" with drum solo, the per- sonation was perfect and was the nicest little drummer boy that could be imagined. The piece concluded wWith a double Irish Reel by Miss Kate Russel and Mr. Hart, which was highly appreciated, Mr. Hart introducing a few new steps such as throwing hand springs across the stage and not losing time. To-night will be their last, and we believe there will be a reduc- tion in the price of admission to suit the times, as there is not too much money about at present. The poor Townsville Herald is again in an agony. The editor of the Northern Miner has been treading on the old lady's toes, poor thing ! We often expressed our surprise that Townsville could not produce an exponent of its intelligence and culture. For the last two years they have put up with "paste and scissors" work, elegant extracts of battles between "a whale and a shark." Now, as a port, Townsville offers sufficient shipping matter in its shipping news to fill up two or three columns of a bi- weekly paper. It is done, and well done, in Cooktown, Bowen, and Mackay. Who cares about such rubbish as Mr. Gitano indulges in ? We are sorry Mr. Macman did not take the hint we gave him in refer- ence to his shipping news ; if he did, his paper would be more extensively read on the Towers. He is able to judge between the Northern Miner and the Townsville Herald as literary work. We recommend him to look after his employees better, and get them to do fair work for him and his paper instead of flashing around on "moon- shine" subjects. The Northern Miner defends principles and attacks abuses ; when they are "concreted" in persons the latter can scarcely be separated, except by a process of mental ab- straction, rather difficult this hot weather. We know the Townsville Herald is a pious journal, goes to church regularly, and indulges in private flagellations, hair shirts and fasting ; its "snuf- fle" is easily recognisable the length of Flinders street, and its general propriety and dulness are universally acknowledged and felt. Nobody ex- pects wit or sprightliness, the ghost of a joke from that antiquated Peksniff. The Northern Miner is a pagan, of course ; it believes in uni- versal laws of Nature, and not in a Providential Tapster ready at call — "Coming, sir" — to turn on the water for the purpose of laying the dust in the streets of Townsville, or washing it out of the eyes of the editor of the Townsville Herald. The Northern Miner is, unfortunately, Epicuride grego porcum. He wallows in the mire and likes it. Unfortunate Northern Miner ! How the Towns- ville Herald loves you ; what endearing expres- sions ; how full of charity and brotherly love ! Keep to your scissors work, old man, to your big gooseberries and whale fights that's your line ; leave politics and writing to those who have made them their special study. We are sorry to report a serious accident which occurred to Mr. B. P. Watkis, of the Papuan, on Thursday morning. He had just come up from below to have a "blow," and, whilst standing cooling himself, he thought he would have an experiment with some blackfellows who were about. He wished to see if a dynamite cap fixed on one of their spears would, when driven against a door, shatter the spear or the door. Taking a cap, he began to screw it on the spear, when, owing to the friction — for it is a mistake to suppose a blow is required — the cap exploded, dreadfully shattering the index finger and thumb of the right hand. Dr. Little found it necessary to remove both, leaving Mr. Watkis a "Three Fingered Jack ;" but we hope that he will get over his misfortune, as he has greater ones. — A man named Gurnett, servant to Mr. Willick, at Rochford, whilst cutting wood, on Monday week, chopped the main artery of one of his feet. Mr. Power put it up, but the bleeding broke out afresh, and Dr. Little went down on Wednesday evening and, after "putting" the foot up again, had Gurnell removed to the hospital, where he is now doing well. — An old man named Curberry, over seventy years of age, died in the hospital of old age and a general break down. — John Burrowes, an old resident here, died on Tuesday. He sold a share in the Queen some time ago to Mr. Little for £3000. He had fallen into a diseased condition of body, 