jptot §tw. CAJHU CONKEHENCE.—We learn that the date s of this Conference, which is to be held in Sydney, is fixed for the 25th inst. TO-DAS'S CBICKET.—The South Australian Club has forfeited the match which it was to have played to-day against the Norwoods. The only Cup contest, therefore, will be the one on the Oval between the Hindmarsh and Kensington teams. PORT POI.ICE COURT.—The only business at the Port Police Court on Saturday morning, January 6, was two cases of drunkenness, which were disposed of by the Mayor, Mr. D. Bower, M.P. and J.P. THE .FORESTERS' PICNIC.—"We are informe.L that the gross proceeds of the Foresters' fete held on New Year's Day were £206, and that the expenses amounted to £106. The balance— a sum of £100—will be deyoted to the Widow and Orphan Fnnd of the Order. We are glad to know that the fund will be benefited by such a handsome addition, and the result will no doubt encourage the Foresters to continue with as great energy as they have shown in the past their noble efforts to alleviate suffering and distress. GI-ENELG YACHT CLUE REGATTA.—As announced in yesterday's Journal, the Regatta of this Club will take place to-day ^iu the Glenelg Roads. All the crack yachts of the Club are competing, so that an exciting contest. maybe expected. We hear that the White Cloud will after all not take part in the race. The course to be taken is about 30 miles, and the two prizes are a silver cup value £30, and £10 in money. Members and their friends who wish to view the Regatta from the steamer Eleanor can obtain tickets from Mr. Mail- or Mr. Wigley. ENGLISH MALL SIGNALS.—We believe that the Postmaster-General and Superintendent of Telegraphs intends to adopt different signals for denoting the sighting of the English mail from Cape Borda and from the station at Glenelg. When the steamer is seen from Cape Borda the blue and white chequer or rendezvous flag will be hoisted at the Post-Office Tower, and when she is in sight at Glenelg the house flag of the P. & O. Company will be^displayed. SPIEITS ox ISOIIGKANT SHIPS.—It will be remembered that some months ago the crew of the immigrant sliip Trevelyan broached the cargo of that vessel, and that very discreditable disturbances took place in consequence of the drinking which ensued. The Commissioner of Crown Lands accordingly Wrote in October last, instructing the Agent-General that no immigrant vessels should be allowed to eavry spirits. This rule is now in force. MB. DEXTON.—By the steamer Victorian Mr. TT. P. Denton, of the Lands Titles Department, has, with Miss Denton, returned to Adelaide after a visit to the old country. DEPARTURE OF THE HESPERUS.—The passengers by this fine vessel went on board on Friday afternoon, January 5, Captain Legoe having determined to weigh anchor and sail at daylight the following morning. The Hesperus was lying at the anchorage off the Semaphore, consequently the passengers, who were accompanied by a large gathering of friends, had to be conveyed in a st-eamtug. On arrival alongside the people boarded and partook of slight refreshment®, which were provided in the handsome saloon of the noble ship. After a brief stay the usual good-byes were said, and the ; stcamtug moved off amid three rounds of cheers. ] The tug reached Port Adelaide just five minutes I too late to enable the town folk to catch the 6.4-5 train, but through the courtesy of Messrs. Saint and Calf a special train was laid on, and carried the excursionists to Adelaide au hour and a half earlier than they would have been conveyed had they been compelled to wait for the next ordinary train. THE DESTITUTE BOARD.—We regret to learn that owing to continued ill-health Mr. T. S. Reed lias been compelled to resign his position as Chair-, man of the Destitute Board. He is at present absent from the colony, having taken a voyage to England last year. Mr. J. M. Solomon, J.P., has been filling the position during his absence. BIJ.I.TAEDS.—Mr. Roberts again appeared -at the Globe Billiard Saloon on Friday evening. He gave his opponent, a gentleman amateur, the usual 300 points out of 600, and after some very skilful play beat him by 156, the game taking about 50 minutes* Mr. Roberts's principal breaks were 36,132,47,29, 33, 40, 32, and an unfinished one of 56. His antagonist's were If), 18, and 19. He afterwards gave au exhibition of fancy shots. To-day there will be a midday performance for country visitors, when there will no doubt be a good attendance. RATE OF PORT ADELAIDE.—The same rate as declared for the previous year was adopted for 1877 by the Port Corporation. The amount was' Is. in the pound for general purposes, 2d. in the pound for public health, and 7d. per foot for watering. ENTERTAHTMEXT.—A complimentary concert was given on Friday evening, January 5, in the Town Hall Exchange Room, to Mi-. T. Bray, of the Stow Church Choir, who is leaving for England. The programme, which comprised songs, duets, a trio, and a flute solo, was well carried out with the assistance of the Misses Vandepeer, Henson, and Weller, and Messrs. Bray, Sampson, O'Brien, Jones, C. Sparks, and Felstead. THE WESTERN AUSTRALIAN TELEGRAPH.—A correspondent of the Freniantle Herald (Western Australia), writing from Eucla on October 28, says:—" Harvey has ai-rived, but experienced great difficulty in getting through. He had to shoot one of his horses. Had he started from Point Culver lie would have lost all 3iis horses; as it was he was only saved by a fortunate shower of rain. Messrs. Price and Maurice sunk 167 feet at the head of the Bight for water, but it was not fit for use. The survey party from South Australia with 14 horses and seven men liad to pusli through to the water at Eucla. They left two wagons on the road—one at 70 miles from Eucla and another 20 miles. It is to the credit of the W.A. Government that it was careful to secure a supply of good water at Eucla. It badly wants another trial for water at the back" country. Such an undertaking is too much for a private person, but the Government might do it; for if water was found the country around E'.icla would be second to none for sheep.^ SURVEYS IN WESTERN AUSTRALDL.—Mr. John Forrest ( says the Perth Inquirer of December 27) has recently returned fram his survey expedition to the east of Champion Bay, after an absence of four months. The parties have earned out successfully all that was anticipated, and lmve completed a good triangulution of all the settled country between Champion Bay aud longitude 11S°, the furthest trig, station being in the Weld Range, which is beyond present settlement. The triaugulutiou covers all the traverse work done in 1673. and also all done tills year. There is now a complete con- ' nection by trianguhition between Perth, Gh'impion 33ay, and the Weld Range, and from it can be calculated the latitude and longitude of every trig, station. This is a great stnp towards a really correct map of our colour: and, if the same progress continues, we may hope to see the whole of the settled portions of Western Australia covered • by a scientific tvi.insulation. Many springs and starting-points have beeu fixed, and the Murcliison and Sauford Rivers traversed. The weather had not h >en very hot, aud water and feed not so scarce ;is might have been expected. THE MIDSUMMER RACES.—The settling over: the.Midsummer Meeting took place on Friday,' January 5; when Mr. C. J. Coates, paid over the., following amounts to the winners of stakes:— Maidens—The Hon. T. Elder's b.f. Jaito, £80; Mr.. J. Pile's colt by Talk o' the Hill, from Loadstone, late Regalia, £5. Selling Hurdles—' Mr. Ayliffe's bl.g. Howard, £70. Sapling Stakes —The Hon. T. Elder's Irish Queen, £125; Mr. J. Pile's b.f. Queen of the Hills, £10. Grand Stand Plate—Mr. H. Trew's br.c. Forerunner, £115. New Year's Gift—Mr. T. Jackson's rn.f. The Nightingale, £146; Mr. J. Hill's b.g. Vain- Hope, £19. Selling Race—Messrs. Robertson Bros.' ch.c. Moonlight, £66; Mr. T. O'Leary's b.m. Edith, £4. HAILES V. WHITE.—In reference to the judgment of the Supreme Court in this cause the' opinion of Mr. John C. Day, Q.C., and Mr. H. B. T. Strangways, formerly of this colony, has been obtained and received by the English mail • just arrived. It is as follows:—" We have considered the judgment of the Supreme Court; of South Australia in this matter, and are" of. opinion that the regulations of thei 24tli December, 1S72, are within the provisions of the .Miscellaneous Leases Act of 1872, and that the transaction between the Government and Hay is as set forth in -the papers sent within the . authority of the said Act and regulations. We are also of opinion that the Frauds at Waste Lands Sale Act extends to -all auctions of waste lands which the Government have authority - to hold, and that the -sale of this lease by advances on an-upset rent was a sale of land within the meaning of that Act, and that the transaction between Hay and White is in fraud of the Act. We therefore consider that the judgment of the Supreme Court is .erroneous.—-JOHN C. DAY, Q.C., H. B. T. STRANGWAYS, Temple, November 10, 1876." Documents above referred to:—1, advertisment .of sale ; 2, print of Act No. 5 of 1857; 3, do. do. No. 11 of 1838-9.; 4, .do. do. No. 12 of 1868-9; 5, do. do. No. 31 of lS72,and regulations in pursuance thereof; 6, copy pleadings; 7, newspaper report of trial.; 8, copy rule nisi; 9, minutes of argument of rule nisi (? shorthand writer's notes); 10, newspaper report of argument of rule ui.-ii; 11, do. do. of decision of rule nisi; 12, do. do. of judgments given by Supreme Court in Banco. ; OVERCROWDING STEAJIERS.—The Port Corporation liad their attention called to a case of one of the steamers being. overcrowded on New Year's Day. It was stated that the Marine Board had power to prevent such a thing, and it was suggested that they should send some one to examine the steamers before they lejpt the wharfs. THE CABLE CONFERENCE.—We understaud that the Government have not yet received a reply from the Sydney Government to their request that the Intercolonial Conference should be opened a few days later tliau wis suggested. . The delay is probably owing to tlie fact tliat the Premier, Mi-. Robertson, with tlie Minister of Works, is absent on a visit to tlie Western District of New South Wales. It is probable that he will be in Sydney again at tlie beginning of next week. A strong reason for the postponement of the Conference, eveu for q longer time than lias been requested, is the fast that Mr. E. C. Crackuell, the Superintendent of the New South Wales Telegraphs, is at present away from the colony. He has been on a visit to Europe, and is-understood to have bieeu in communication with the officials of the Cable Companies, so that he is likely to be able to give some valuable information and suggestions to the Conference. He is expected to return to Australia by the next Suez mail. WESTERN AUSTRALIAN CROPS. The season has been a most unusual one (writes the Perth Inquirer, on December 27th). Strong northwest gales and heavy showers took the place of the genial Sunshine of November, and we were well into December before we could tliorouglily realize that summer liad arrived. In many districts hay stacking has barely terminated, while to the great uncertainty of tlio .weather is ascribed great losses in this article in the principal liay-produciug localities. Barley harvesting lias terminated, and shows a very fair average. ' The wheat crop, iu a word, is good—heavier iife deed than was expected; and for this state of things we have cause to be thankful. Thejatter rains were never known to be of so mubli.setv vice. We hear no compla ints of. scarcity of water for stock, although no doubt the necessity for a greater supply is felt inland. The heavy rains at the beginning of the -present month, which were very general, will at any rate have rendered the old pasturage more succulent, ;and therefore in some measure reduced the fteed that would otherwise have existed If or replenished supplies. The fruit crop is very backwai d, but the show of all kinds, except figs, is very good. A blight has, however, appeared in one or two vineyards on the Swan—the disease having assumed a character totally unknown to our most experienced wine-growers. Muscat^ and Wortley Hall sorts are those chiefly affected, and there is some anxiety manifested a.s to tlie result. THE LONDON STOCK MARKET.—The financed letter of the Agent-General in London, received by the Treasurer by the last mail, shows thai South Australian bonds are still improving in the London market. Mr. Dutton, writing jus[t before the mail left, says tliat the Bauk ratg still continued at the low rate of 2 j>er tseut^ but that in tlie open market good bills could lit! discounted at 1 per cent. For many weeks gold had been steadily withdrawn from the Bank o| England and sent to-the Continent, the.amount reaching from five to six millions. These large withdrawals liad not, however, up to the time of the departure of the mail, in any way affected, tlie rate of discount, although no doubt a coiir tinuous outflow would do so. At the date of tlie letter, "everything," to use Mr. Dutton's words, " spoke of financial ease if not 6f actual plethora." During the month of November two large loans were placed in the market. One was a Norwegian loan of £1,320,000 at 4h per cent., which went off at £96 10s. The other was a Canadian loan of two and a half millions -at 4 per cent., which was disposed of at £91.. The payments, however, were to be spread over, .eight months, thus reducing the priee to £90,or a little below. Iu neither of these cases'were tenders invited, but the stock was taken up by open subscription. There had been a constant falling iu the foreign stock market owing to the political complications in Eastern Europe. Ia Colonial bonds, however, prices had tended upr wards. New South Wales, Mr. Dutton says, occupied the post of honour, liei- 4 per cents being at £99 10s—.the position which Victoria occupied before the recent issue, -of her three- .rnillioii loan. South Australia came next, her 4 per cents beiug worth £98, while Victorian bonds bearing the same interest were quoted at from £97 10s. to £s)7 15s. This increase in the value of our stock is the more gratifying when it is known that the London papers had culled from the Adelaide journals tilt- information that now loans exceeding two and a half millions were pro-, jected by this i-olonv. Up to the time that the nif.il left this nnuounceincut had not had the slightest prejudicial effect upon the retail market prices. The Agent-General encloses Mr. Westgartlfs circular of November 24, which gives with'one or two fractional differences the same quotations as those given by Mr. Dutton, with the addition of the comparative tallies whielf lis. regularly publishes. The circular quotes- South' Australian 4 pc-r cents on November 24 last at from £97 10s. to £9S. Ou the 27th of the " previous month they were worth from £9(i to: £97, while six mouths before the departure of the mail tlie.y were only valued at froin£!!4 10.-;. to £95 10s. M;\ AVestg-irth refe-s to the rise in Jfew South Wales bonds • to £09-100—a price not previously obtained—although reached by Victorian 4 per cents before the issue of the three-million loan—as being tlie chief feature of the month. The figures we have given sllowthat South Australia as well is to be congratulated at the position her stock has taken iu the chief market of the world. ' i SANITARY.—A correspondent complains of the sanitary condition of the east end of the city. He says that on Thursday evening, at a few minutes part 11 o'clock, he was proceeding homewards along Rundle-street, and on reaching the locality between the Exeter Hotel and Eastterrace the stench was intolerable. He could only -account for this on the supposition that two or three nightcarts had just passed along and had dropped a portion of their contents on the way. He suggests that a liberal use of disinfectants should be compulsory oil the owners of such carts, and also tliat it would be well if the Sanitary Inspectors looked after them a little better.: RECEIVED.—The Border Pod almanac for 1S77, and a pamphlet published in Melbourne, "•How to Learn the Morse Alphabet (telegraphic) in Half an Hour." Tin: LEADERSHIP OF THE OPPOSITION IN NEW SOUTH WALES.—The Sydim/ Morality Herald publishes the following circular, addressed by Mr. Henry Parkes to a member of the Opposition in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly:—"Sir—Soon after my retirement, from office in the beginning of last year, I intimated to several members of the Opposition my unwillingness to assume any position in the Legislative Assembly which would entail upon me special labours and responsibilities. Since then, however, I have been led to take a part which has insensibly merged into that of nominal leadership. I have never felt satisfied with this position; and several instances tliat have occurred, to which I do not wish to make any further allusion," combined with personal considerations, of which every man must be his own judge, have induced me to enquire whether, in justice to my political friends and myselfj it is my duty to continue to occupy it. A very little examination of the case convinces me that the duties of leadership at tlie present time require for their satisfactory performance abilities and .qualifications which I do not possess, and must necessarily impose personal sacrifices and an amount of continuous labour for which I am not prepared. I have therefore decided, after the reassembling of Parliament, to limit my political obligations to the discharge of my duties as an individual member. ' I address this letter to you as a member opposed to the existing Administration, in order that steps may be taken during the Christmas adjournment to make such arrangements as may be satisfactory to the Opposition generally for the conduct of their proceedings in the House." IN A DANGEROUS POSITION.—A serious accident nearly occurred at the railway station immediately after the arrival of the Melbourne train at Castleniaine on Saturday evening. The greaser, a man named Fyffe, went round the train as usual testing the wheels. Ou reaching tlie break-carriage he found, (says the Mount Alexander Mail) that the block required raising, and with this view went underneath and unscrewed the various parts to effect the alteration. While so engaged the passengers liad alighted, and others taken their places. The guard, not knowing about Fyffe being underneath, gave his signal, and the train moved away at a rapid rate. Great was the excitement when Fyfi'e was seen lying under it. A cry was at once raised, aud signals made to stop the train. The engine-driver of the Maryborough engine whistled the ahirm to put down breaks, and the gateinan at the level crossing, having noticed the-people running and the excitement, raised the danger .signal. This had the desired effect; the train was stopped, and then backed to the station, where in a few minutes the break block was put l ight, and the journey resumed. Fyffe had a narrow escape. On finding the train moving, lie, with great presence of mind, lay still between the rails, and thus escaped 'injury. NEW ZEALAND SCENERY ON CANVAS.—" M von Guerai-d has just completed a large picture upon which he lias been engaged for the last six months. It is the first fruits," remarks the Argus, " of his visit to New Zealand, and is a representation of the magnificent scenery of Milford Sound, the grandeur and loveliness of which are pronounced to be unique even by those .who are familiar with the fiords of Norway, with • the wonders of the Yellowstone region, with the canons of the Colorado, and with the imposing features of the Valley of the. Yosemite. The artist has selected for his point of view a delta at the head of the inlet, formed by the diluvium of two rivers which empty themselves into it. Consequently, the windinggorge by which the Sound is entered faces the. spectator. Thus he is enabled to embrace in one view some of the noblest elements in the grand and impressive landscape, including the Mitre Mountain, the. Stirling Falls, Pembroke Peak, which rises to the height of 6,710 feet, and holds a glacier in its rigid embrace, and the Bowen Falls, the largest of the cataracts which leap from those massive mountain-walls into the beautiful sheet of water beneath, which is so placid tliat everything above is mirrored with startling distinctness on its tranquil surface. All the surroundings of the inlet are on such a scale of Titanic magnitude, and at the same time so harmonious in the proportion which each monstrous mass of granite and each cascade bears to every other, that it is only when you look at the steamer, floating like a child's toy at the foot of one of the ' awful cliffs,' tliat you begin to comprehend the vastness of the dimensions which every natural object assumes in this weird and yet exquisitely lovely region. M. von Guerard set himself a difficult task when he attacked so important a subject, but no one who sees the picture will dispute that he lias achieved a success. We have read and listened to many descriptions of Milford Sound, and have seen some admirable water-colour drawings by Mr. Gully and others of special details, but this is' the first time we have been enabled to comprehend it as a whole." A NEW WAY TO . PAY TURKISH DEBTS.—A recent English paper states that Mr. Hammond, the Chairman of the General Committee of Turkish bondholders, has propounded au ingenious scheme for paying off the Turkish debt by means of a self-acting siuking fund. Its primr.vy requisite Ls the issue of paper mouey. Mr. Hammond fixes the amount of that at eight millions. It would be legal tender, bear no interest, add no charge to the Turkish reVenue, and be redeemable iu 10 years by auuual instalments of £800,000. The £500,00.0 would come fi;om .ilie bondholders as discount on their coupons and income tax. The sinking fund would t>e~worked iu connection with the Hammond scheme, under which the bondholders, in .cajjsideeatiou of -a fixed payment from the 3*orte of about S^Vmllions per annum, surrender the other half of their interest and jabout 60 millions f?terling of their principal. Besides surrendering half their interest they wolild return about 15 per cent, of the moiety they receive, making the £600,000 for the siuking fund. Wli6n the greenbacks had been all returned the £800,000 would be applied to the redemption" of the loans in the order of their priority, beginning with'that of 1S5L The vs-liole of the amount not wiped out at stftting wfeuld, it is expected, be liquidated iu 27 years. Mr. Hammond says truly that Turkish finance is in an interesting condition; so, evidently, is the General Committee of the Turkish bondholders. CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.—Iu pur.report of the amatelir dramatic entertainment • given in White's Rooms on Thursday evening in behalf of the funds of the Children's Hospital, w;> inadvertently omitted to particul u ize the acting of Mr. C. Warren, who repveS'-nted the Ghost in the scenes from " Itnule?."' We are the inove sorry for this because Mr. Warren's cimu'-i'.'tion was almost perfect, his voice was clear, his attitudes excellent; and, indeed, his whole portrayal of fee character was as good rs we liave witnessed for many years past iu Adelaide. ACCIDENT.—A boy. named Thomas Bryant was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Thursday, January 4, suffering from a severe wound in the face, caused by his being kicked in the. mouth hy a liorso while driving it into Mr. Sanderson's stables, Greiifell-strce--, on Jaunnry 4. 