THE LIGHTHOUSE OF THE G ASSETS. ' tone was, Willis overheard tho question, and took upon him himself to reply to it. 1 No, sir; I am sound enough so far as my wits go,' he answered civilly, but sadly ; ' though many a better head than mine has been turned by work such as mine. "Few lighthouse keepers can hold out, nerve and braiu, so long as I've done. You don't know what it is to have your ears filled, through daylight and darkness, with the roar of the eueiny so near to one, to see' no prospect but the waste of grey waters hem ming in one's solitary dwelling. All this,' you'll say, is wide of the mark. I "only mention it to show you that a man's intellect may remain unimpaired, though his manner, from lonely living, may coma to be odd and strange. Anyhow,-tins.lighthouse is going to hits, as an unseiiworthy ship might do. The boy Bill knows it as well as I do.' ' I'm afraid Mr Willis speaks gospel truth,' said tlia master of the late JJelight, whose deep voice now male itself heard above the confused utterauces of the rest of the party. 'Tis common talk among us blue-jackets how the building here on the Ganuets standi sorely in need of repairs, aud the wonder is, ' rather, it has kept its own so long. It's an old lighthouse this, aud was ill-built, with iron bolts where copper should have been, and the timber of the foundation, that were souud heart of-oak piles in their day, have rotted with age and damp. Two year ag«ue the government surveyor came to see it, and he promised as repairs should bo done. Never a stick nor a clamp has bean changed, to my knowledge. You, squire, as has been a parliament man, understands how what oughter be done dou't get done.' Mr Darner notified a hurried assent. ' His was a difficult task. Mr Lee, a man of average sense, but weakin nerve and muscle, was unfit to calm in so awful a situation, the fears of his half-hysterical wife ; while Rosa, braver than her mother, a noble girl who, only lacked the stimulus of love to enable her to confront peril boldly at the"loved one's side, did not love him—Mr Damer of D.imer Park. It was hard to have to calm the nervous anxiety of the one, tho natural timidity of the other, while all the time the instinct which prompts all of ns to hold on to life until the last was asserting itself in Mr Darner's breast. The meu, gathered under that menaced roof, acquitwd themselves fairly well so far as uiauline-ss went. Mawle, an old man, with two daughters, and with grandchildren that were used to prattle and play about on the b^ach. within reach of the brown caress ing hand of the aged sea-king, seemed to think a good deal more of the dew faces that he might never see again, than of his own fate. The young sailors, like the junior lighthouse keeper, gave up hope with a sigh or two, but with marvellously few words. Mr Damer seemed courageous aud unselfish ; Mr Lee, quiet and composed ; while "Rosa appeared only heedful of her mother's terror. - ' Can we do anything, Willis,' said Mr Damer, ' to stave off the breaking up of. the lighthouse? Here we are, half-a-dozen strong men, aud sailors too—hare the knack of engineering : and perhaps' ' Useless, sir, if we were sixty, instead of six,' returned the lighthouse keeper, after a moment's consideration. ' We want a' derrick here, and boring- tools, and braziers, and the calmest of weather, that iron aud copper, and lead and timVor, may get aclntch of the slippery stone below. Why, sir, when first I was sent here, the Ganuet'a Brood, as they call the smaller rocks, were twice as mauy, aud twice as big, aud they made a screen for the lighthouse, on which now the whole streugth of the Atlantic spends itself.'. ' That's true,' rejoined Mawle.■ ' When I was a boy, we counted the Ganuets as twenty-, nine ; they're eleveu uoflf.. Mr Willis there hasn't allays earned his living by the sea, as you may tell by his speech ; but he Has heard the thuuder of the salt water when most of us were well andasleep.' All this time the mighty sea was dealing stroke after stroke upon tl.e more exposed' dink of the lighthouse, that trembled beneath the blows, as if it were a birch-tree quivering under the fierce impact of a fitful gale. ;The wiud howled around the wooden turret wherein were the lamps, soon to be lighted. The very planking of the floor shook omin ously beneath the tread of those whose tennreof life seemed to depend on the endur ance of the rusted fastenings that alone held up the entire structure. ' It I'm a judge of weather,' said one of the Delight's crew, a sallow, grizzled, little, sailor, 'it's getting worse, uot better. The wind's not stronger, but the sea isj and them big Atlantic waves are the awkwardest, short of Cape Horn, that ever Jack Judkius had to deal with. I told you, skipper, that I smelt mischief, before we sailed to-day, bu t yon wouldn't heed a broken-dowu, long-, voyage matt like me. We'll he' The rest of Mr John Judkins' discourse was. cut short. There was a crash of breaking woodwork beluw, and a _smasliiug of glass, aud a gurgling of angry water, and then a piercing shriek of female voices, as through" a breach in the wall the waves were now gain ing access. It was plain that the rocking, trembling structure was uo longer tenable. ' I've looked for this,' exclaimed Willis;; who seemed'to gain* energy "'from the Tery desperation of the positiou, ' this many a! day. To stop here is to perish, like a rat in a hole. Our only place of refuge is the Gannet's Back, and our only hope that some; of us may be found living when after the storm is spent, a fishing -lugger may pass within hail. I'll shew you, at any rate, how, to stave off death for a while. Follow;, quick.' The Gaunet's Back, so called, was a long and sharp ridge of black wave-worn rock, which, as the highest spot of ground to be found within the limits of the islet; afforded the best chance of at least temporary safety to those driven forth from the lighthoase, how.tottering to its fall. It was,-however, difficult to maintain a firm foothold on the narrow spine of crumbling rock, "over the lower portion of which the surf broke heavily; while not a part of it was high enough above the surface of the water to be free from the spray which mingled with the now fast-falling ed ;"-»nd thgr thunder bellowed iu the distance, as the storm rolled on to the eastward. ' The ladies will be miserably ill off, I fear, in this chilly place, should we have to remain here all night,' said Mr Damer, as he and Mawle sped back to the lighthouse to bring away such rugs and waterproofs as could be hastily laid hands on, so as to afford Mrs Lee and her daughter some protection. ' Ay, ay, poor things,' answered the old boatman, ' 'taint likely they'll last it out so long as the likes of we. But come, squire, you must be quick, or Hold back, sir, for your life ! There it goes !' And indeed, before the words were well uttered, the lighthouse toppled over from its perch 011 the rocky bank, and fell into the sea, seuding aloft a mass of white water, that splashed ami snouted far into the air, and flooded for tiie mo.neat e?en the highest escarpments ot" the stony islet. Then the wild waves, as though exuliiug at the over throw of a vanquished ent-my, leaped up to tear and tatter the wreck of tho building, rending it plank from plunk, until it was converted into a mere floating heap of dis jointed timbers. When Mr Damer and i Mawle the boatman contrived to crawl back to their companions in misfortune, they had but little that was comforting to impart or to receive. The general dejection seemee the deeper since the destruction ot die lighthouse, for uiau net'er feels liis own weakness so fully face to face with the untamed might of .Nature, as when'he witneses the annihilation of the str:>ii,-i.-s> of his vaunted works by her terrible forces. ' IVmorrox, perhaps — not a chance of it earlier,' was old Mawie's reply to the reiter ated questions ■ >! the gentlemen of the party as to tue probability that relief would reach them. " Hut the ladies V To this nothing could ho answered. A good.-iatured sailor had laid a ronyli watch coat—the only wrap ot any kind-that had been brought from the lighthouse —over Miss Lee and her half-fainting mother, but there seemed little prospect that the weaker members of the party would survive many hours of such exposure to the fury of the weather in that bleak and desolate spot, as to all appearance awaited them. '>o, no,' said Willis, the lighthouse keeper, in ans-.ver to another inquir\\- ; ' the tide won't harm us here. It makes very little perceptible difference so far out to sea. It's the sailor's tide we feel here, not the landsman's, and only at full spring-flood does the water creep up to the Gannet's Back. There's a:i aw/ul fen on. thoiigl;.' Ami as he spoke, Rosa could not repress ;v | shriek for a giaut wave, bursting over rocky i barrier, almost reached the shivering forms j of those who were clinging to the ridge of j rock, and sent a cloud of toam clean over the j Ganuet's liack. At that moment the sailor ; who had.announced himself as .lack Jiuikiiis ! set up the welcome cry ; ' A sail 1 a sail 1' and)hope sprang up again in every heart. ...'You can make the strange sail out better thau'l^'said Mr Darner, resigning his pocket field-glass to the more practised boatman at his side. r ; 'A schooner—a yacht, by her fine lines and trim spars, and boating up bravely to wards us,'"cried the late owner of the Delight. ' Why, she's the TiUmia, out of Ravens combe Tiarbour. 'l'ui afraid, though, such a xitigerbrcad thing as a yacht, with a Jemmy Jessamy young gentleman^ like .Mr Lawless to cotn.uand her, won't "come within grap ' p'.iug diatauce of the Gannats on such a day as this,'', • Vr;-; ' There's a shift iii the Aviuili justa point, but it lielp>s her,' muttered Judkins, breath lessly watching ; every lnauunivre of the yacht ; ' she's,behaving beautifully, answers to her helm as ifsho'were alive,' ' That's.ao. dandy laiidsinnn that's handling her now,' exclaimed; the Jighthbiise keepor, shading his eyes with his hand as lie looked eagerly, at''the appr.iaching • vessel;, 'a thorough sailor'.lie musthe that's in com iuau<i,-and a gallant oua too, to risk life and limb so riobiy to save strangers.' It was indeed a sight well worth the see ing, that whicli was presented by the strug gling schooner as she fought her way, jnch Uy inch, yard by yardj'ai- aiust the raging waves that boiled around her, as though they kuew her mission" was to rescue the human victims of their relentless anger, and. strove to in volve the Titania ill the common doom. Reel ing along, her deck swept bytlie surge, her bows hidden ever and auon by a cataiact of glistening spray, the holiday vessel, uuder shorteued sail, did brave battle with the tempest. Now and again the schooner heeled over; so., fearfully . that her bright copper glanced through ; the driving scud, and often seemed as though the straiu was greater than masts and rigging could endure; but, handled ' with .consummate skill and daring, she gained at each* successive tack, and slowly neared thuGannets. . ' if die sticks dou't get fairly blown out of her,' growled Willis, as lie surveyed the yacht through the glass, ' she'll range up to 'the leesideyet, but the sea '.swings'.her aud buti'ets her .as if she were a cork. Round he goes again, true as.steel. A good boat ; a brave seaiuauhe must bet hat's giving orders aboard.' ; . CHJUTEK IV.—ALL'S "WELL TIIAT KKOS WELL, Too near .' toonear 1 she'll go against the rock. No ; she has rounded'it; but it was ' touch-and-go work of it, for the lives of all on board ' the «• schooner. \ Grand 1 steering," though !' Such was old Mawle's professional comment, as the Titixnia, by what seemed 'a marvellous combinatiou of skill 7 aud good .fortune, avoided a pointed, half-sunken rock that jutted out into:tlie sea, 1 as.r though to defend the approach to the Great.) Gaunet, and lay toviu'th'e: companitively untroubled water .to the leeward^ | Much time had undoubtedly been saved fey : tlie .apparently' hazardous exploit., and uow the, yacht 'was so near that a ringing clieier from -her crdvv was answered by a feebler shout from •' the sailors on the rocky islet,, . Though much had been done,, much still "remaiued""to'~do::-The"yacht was -Tolling! -about-iu-the rough searperiiously-near.. the rugged shore,"' while around her floated beams, joists, and lighter fragments of wood work, part of the wreck of the lighthouse, and whirling about with a violence that would of itself have threatened a boat with desUuctiou, even if it hiulbeen prudent to lower a boat iiito a surf such as that which ,broku ■ iipoii c.th'o "black -rocks. The first attempt to establish a communication : with the shore' resulted iii; failure. Repeated casts with a grapuel were inade', but in all instances the barbed iron fell short of the markfnor could- the-schooner;- without a rashness akiu to suicidal, folly, be. brought closer in. ; A kedge had beeu hastily let g<l, and there slio '.rodej ainid the tumbling water, but it seemed scarcely possible that even the hardest swimmer could .uiake his way through the. breakers. Whiz 1 Off llashed.a rocket from the yachtVdeck, aud, adroitly aimed, it hissed and crackled its curved path above the Garinet'a Back, some yards of the light lineuttached to it drop ping within reach of the belated group. With a cheer they. liaiiled in- the line, and the small hawser that was made fast to it, and almost instantly an active form was seen to spring over the 'iitania's side, and boldly dash into tho surf; holding -by the tough rope,' and struggling tuaufully onwards until, breathless aud dripping,, he swung himself ashore. Another volunteer, aud yet another,-succeeded to: this, the first adven turer, whomadebut-oue^bound to the ledge j whereon Rosa a.i'd lierinother were crouch ing for shelter.""" Missliee's eyes met those of i ieutenant Gordon, and as he bent to raise " her,the~sliWcb-of~this-joyful surprise over came her reserve,-and-witli-a -low cry of Mal colm V she fainted'in Imams. He lifted her sleuder form.as easily as though she had beeu a child, and direciug the sailors who followed him to take charge of Mrs Lee, he again grasped tlie hawser,, and set forth on the return trip to tho yacht, tenderly clasping his precious burden to his breast. \- It was-no trifling task, that of regaining the schooner uudersucli circumstances, and more than once the young lieutenant felt as though he should be compelled to relinquish his" grip of the saving rope, or as if Rosa ; would be torn from him by the rush ofatigry j wave ; but ":ho : was',strong and agile, and, -■with'Miss) Lee in his; arms, at length found iiiniaelf oii theileck'ofthe yacht; while, by the, exertions of titer crewyin little more than | half ,\au" hour ;every, living soul had been . hauled, safely,..on board .the Titania. Thnn the capstan, was mauned,. the kedge was hauled in,: and yacht,[under close- reefed can vas,; made iofthejopeujsea. As she emerged from tliebroken water, that seethed, as in a -witches''"cauldron; ini tho narrow channel between the Great Gannet and the congeries of rocks that 'bore locally tho name of the Brood, a hearty hurrah from the sailors on ! board the Vessel greeted the young naval I officer. , ivlio sto.id beside the helmsman, ! ;,4iw!ipgvte^»fihwoner'scourse, ,'Ko, uo ; I go,for nothing in the job,' said blunt-spoken Mr Dawson, sailing- master of Jack Lawless's line yacht, in answer to some wordi fro:u Mi- L™e. ' It's the lieu tenaui to whom you owe your lives, since, under God's mercy, hii skill aud courage have brought y.m oil" unhurt. I never thought—an old Channel groper like me — to learn a lesion i:) my o-.vii trade on board my own craft ; but I've done it to-day. 'Taint every merchant skipper nor yet every white lappel of the royal navy, could have brought the schooner and you through the queer scrape we were in.' It was not until the Titaniu had run for some miles after leaving tho Gannets that tho weather shewed manifest signs, discernible even hv the unpractised eye of a landsman, of the gradual cessation of tile tierce but short lived tempest. The sea still ran very high, since the great glassy waves of the Atlantic came rolling in, one after another, an end less succession of mountain billows ; but the wind was ceriainly abating, and as the schooner had suffered little damage, there •seemed every probability of making some port on the Cornish coast before sunset. The yacht w-s still under Lieutenant Gordon's command, although for the time being danger appeared to be at an end. ' I fear'—it was thus that, with a quiver ing lip, Mr Darner addressed himself to Miss Lee, when after the first excitement of the rescue had passed aivav, he found an oppor tunity of approaching her—' I fear—I see— that, my hopes are false ones, and mydav dreatu over. I had trusted one day to call you mv wife. I see uow that such happiness is not for me.' ' D i not blame me ." said Rosa uiteouslv ; but Mr Darner's gentle, patient smile re assured her. ' L have not come to reproach. I have tin such right,' he said ' even were such my thought. I cati well understand the reasons which prompt your—preference for another, aud I have simply come to assure you that no suit of mine shall ever again come between you and the absolute liberty of your choice.' With a bright smile, that shone through the tears that fell fast- from her eyes, Rosa, half timidly, held out her hand to him. ' Oh, be generous !' siie said ; ' tell this to my parents—to my mother. They will then no longer refuse their consent to Ah ! pardon me, Mr Darner ; I ought not to ask this of you. I wai. thoughtless, selfish, and' ' No, no,' rejoined Mr Damer, in a voice that lie vainly strove to render calm. 'You are right, Miss Lee ; nor will 1 play an i» noble part towards her whom I havelovod, or towards tho gallant gentleman, to whom 1, in common with all who have been rescued from imminent pjtil tiiia Jay. owe a deep debt of gratitude. I will apeak with Mrs Lee at once.' Mr Darner kept hit word. He did apeak, with Mrs Lee, so so.m as (li.it lady was sufficiently composed to hear what he had to say, and also with Mr Lee: and the result of the conversation was that Malcolm Gordon was summoned from his post on deck, and, to his surprise, on entering the cabin of the yacht, Rosa's mother placed his hand in that of Rosa. Mr Damer, .is might have been oxpeoted, was not present, and the betrothal of these two young lovers, whose love was now fur the first time sanctioned, was effected with very few words on the part os cither. Mr Lae, reddening aud stammering! as an honest h'ugluhuif.u who is forced 10 o\vu himself in tlw wrong is apt to apologised for his previous rejection of the youug lieu tenant's suit for his daughter's hand, and seemed inexpressibly relieved when Gordon cut it short by heartily shaking his otrn. 'You were quite right, as the world goes,' said Malcolm frankly. ' And I am proud now to hail so good a fellow .is uiy sou-iu law that is to be.'rejoined Rosa's father. The weather gradually improved, and before nightfall the Titania succeeded in making Ilavenscombe harbor, where the whole of her passengers were set safely ou shore, amid the applause aud outspoken congratu lations of the crowd that had collected oa the little pier; for, since the coming ou of rtho tempest, the Delight and those ou board of her lmd been given up for lost. The Lees and Mr Darner took a cordial farewell of Willis, the late keeper of tho vanished light house of the Guuuets, who went to the coastguard station to make his formal report of tho disaster; while the lad, like the crow and the owner of tho Delight, met with a clamorous welcome from the families and comrades who had hastened down to the shore, on receiving the tidings of their escape. Foremost among those who offered their congratulations ou the happy ending to an event which had se nearly proved tragical was the proprietor of the Titania. 'Thank God, I see you safe ou Urra Jirma again,' he said, with more earnestness than was usual with him ; ' and tliaukful too am 1 that my yacht, which to uie was no better than a toy, should have rendered service in the doing of a good deed.' Meanwhile, Mr Damer was taking leave of his late compatiious in peril. ■ ' We are to be friends—always,' said Rosa, as he held her hand for a moment in his. • ' Always, I trust,' he answered, smiling as huturned a*ay ; and Rosa never peiliaps quite knew what a pang this exhibition of uuselfisli stoicism, had cost her di.carded admirer. Three • mouths later, Rosa and Malcolm were married ; and before tho new year began, a great change in the prospects of the latter was effected, siuca, : his elder brother Archibald having been accidentally killed by the discharge of a 31111, lieutenant Gordon and his bride yielded to the wish of tho louely old Laird of Glendarroch that they should take up their residence beneath tho • roof of the mauiiou which will one day belong to Malcolm, by right of inheritance'. Mr Darner after a while, learned to console himself fur his disappointment, since there has for years past beeu a pretty Mrs Damer, of Damer Park ; and both she and her hus band ate reckoued as among the truest friends of the Gordons of Glendarroch. Whitsiarsh'.s Kangaroo.—When young Whitnmr»h a frieutU who lately returned from Australia made him a present of a kau garoo, he was delighted. He had never owned a kangaroo befwre, and had often ex pressed & wish to have »ne. Knowing that the anim.sl was a vegetarian lie bought a wagon load of vegetables aud had them taken up to the house. As the animal was tame he hid him brought into the parlor, aad invited some friends to sec him. While thoy were admiring him, aud wishing they owned ouo themselves, a large Newfoundland dog, belonging to Wlutmarsh's little brother in-law, came into the room, and seeing the kangaroo, made a dash at him. A iiv«ly time ensued. The kangaroo made a spring for the top of the piano, where he alighted gracefully ; but the dog followed him, and the kangaroo, seeing an etagero across in the corner of the room, jumped ou the top of Whitmarsh's mother-in-law's head, as a halt way place, and in making another spring from that insecure footing to the etagere, he hurled the old lady over against the wall of the room, where she fell overall ornamental chair, which she entirely ruined in her fall, the kaugaroo failing to Co-meet with the etagere, fell sprawling oil the Boor and was promptly seized by the dog. Whitmarsh danced excitedly around trying to get a grip on the dog so as to pull him off, but before he could do so the kaugaroo rose up 011 his hind legs, and seizing the dog with his fore legs, by a powerful effort threw him crashing through a §500 plate glass ; but the dog was game, and although lie was severely cut in several places, again renewed the attack. The kangaroo went racing round the room, switching his tail, knocking off mantle orna ments, aud upsetting the company, with tho dog iu pursuit ; finally, making a mistep, he fell over a card stand, and before he could get- 011 his legs again the dog had him. The kangaroo tried tho plan so successfully tried before, but the dog had a good hold oil his throat aud hung on to him. A desperate strug gle ensued ; ehairs were broken, growls aud sliriuk* liilod the air, the kangaroo's tail flow around like a flail, seriously injuring two old ladies aud a youug widow, who were struck by it, aud the scare ended by a young lady bein^ knuckcd down in a coi ner aud the kan garoo aud dog falling 011 her. Before the d ig could be choked off the kangaroo was dead and tho young lady had fainted. An upholsteror got a §1200 job from Whitmarsh the next week, and curiosities do not now excite any enthusiasm in the breast of Whit marsh. —American paper. A Can'py-loyixg Ghost.—A very singular circumstance is said to have occurred in a [ family (say* the CuililcH Mitjfs Honpareity 1 a few days ago. It appears from what infor I m-iiiou wo have that the family was sitting in what is called a eircle, and were supposed to be holding commutiiou with tho inhabit ; ants of tho other world, when a little girl j formerly known by the family, who had died i some time before, came, and, as she had pro mised, placed in the hand of the head of the J family a piece of candy. In their circle this j girl iiad frequently been a visitor aud had often said that she would bring him somo j candy, but had never done it before until tho occasion above mentioned. The I candy was pronounced genuine, and is still preserved aud shown as ovidenco of the fact, together with the word of the family that it came in the manner described. It is in the form of a piece of stick candy, and what is most remarkable, it is asserted that when held iu the hand and thorebysubjected to Miimal heat, it is changed in shape to a perfect representation of a rose ; and when the animal heat is withdrawn it returns back to its original shape. This wonderful phenomena, wo are told, has been witnessed by a number of our citizens whoso testimony would not be questioned by anj 011a on any other subject besides that of spiritualism and phenomenon of what is termed materialization. Wo have not had the opportunity of seeing the candy ourselves, and dun't expect to, but give it to our readers as a circumstance which we have been informed by a number of persons is correct. Xot Exactly that Way.—There is a beautiful incident in some of tho new Sunday ! school books. It opens with a terrible storm 1 at sea, which greatly frightens the Captain's wife and all tho sailors. The Captain him self was very cool, aud when his wife won dered at it he took down a sword, flourished it in tho air, and said : " Are you not afraid i" She wasn't. Sho said she had faith in her husband's love and friendship. "Neither am I afraid of the storm," he Co:: tinned, " for 1 have faith in tho Lord's love aud protection." A captain ou the Erie Canal read tho little story the other day and it touched his heart. He descended to tho cabin, where his wife was mixing biscuits, and putting his fist uuderher nose, he replied; " Bets}', are you not afraid 1" Nawt much," she replied, giving him a dangerous look. " Why not I" he yelled. It would have been 1 proper for her to have said something about Diviue Providence, but 'she didn't. Sho replied : " Because, if you don't get that paw out of my face, I'll put up this dough and break another rib for yo !" I'"i;i;t.AKV at M.un.ixu.- -A daring nui*,...... was successfully ;ieeomj/lishoil ;it Kast Maitlaud, ■Ni'w South Wales, early on the morning of the -7th ult. 'I'ho local paper reports " that three men succeeded in iMleoting entrance to the re sidence of Mr. Solomon Cohen, ami in robbing the premises. From the statements ot Miss Cohen and the servant Fanuy .lohnson it appears that at about 'J o clock on Saturday morning the latter, hearing ;v noia^ in the drawing-room, culled Miss Cohen, remark ing 'It i3 a oat; let us put it out.' The front part of the hou.se for the time was not occupied, and was shut off from the other parts of the premises by a door loading from n passage di viding; the two front rooms and ending with a dining-room. When Miss Cohen was aroused • ---i. * • *i.;= coming m contact with something she and struck a man in the face. A voice tlnw echoed. • Lamus. .lack; hold on. and both weie seized on, the ser\ant by two men and Miss Cohen by one. They were pushed or carried into the bedroom, and threatened that it tne> made any noise they would lie shot, a man at tho moment holding something in his hand and pre senting it at them. They could not say what it was. One of them was pressed 011 to the bed, and the other in a corner of a room. lhus they remained, fearing personal violence, until the work was done. The vagabonds, three in num ber, worked diligently, not leaving a drawer, cabinet, orwardrobeuutouehed. Clothing,letters, household linens, &e.;, were turned out on the lioor auil examined, but nothing was taken away ex cepting articles of jewellery and the like. I wo of the gang did the work, while the third stood sentry over tho women. A gold lever watch, a gold locket, earrings and ring, with diamond setting in the two latter, and a small sum of money were taken. The booty was of considerable value. After spending about an hour and a half in the house, two of the burglars left by the front door, and then, after a minute or two, the othe followed, slamming the door after him." Lost vor Seven Days.—The BonUr Post on the 10th inst. relates the following instance of endurance on the part of a child :—" In last Saturday's issue we reported the loss of a child aged three years and a half, the son of Mr. 1'etersou, farmer of Tal garno, Upper Murray, who had left his father's house aud got lost amongst the ranges. Since then the distracted father aud numbers of the neighbors have been searching for the little one day and night in relay;, sometimes nearly 100 horsemen being in the bush at once. All hope of recovering the little one alive was abandoned, but still the search was vigorously prosecuted. The first trace was discovered on Thursday last, seven days after the child was lost, when little footsteps were found in the bed of a creek. These were carefully followed, and eventually the party came upon the little one, who was in the act of taking a drink of water from the creek by means of an old sardine tin. The spot where ho was found is about four miles from his home. On being asked where he was going ho replied that he was going home, but he couldn't find the way. He further stated that he had subsisted on grass. Between the spot where he was found and his father's homo runs a steep and rugged range of mountain, llow the child, three years old, could have crossed this range, and wandered about for seven days with nothing but grass and water to subsist upon, seems too incredible to be true. Nevertheless it i: a fact, and one which at all events speaks well for the hardihood and endurance of Australian natives, even iu the case of infants." Axothkk Dr.owxi.so C we.—Shortly beforo ten o'clock on Monday (says "le HtrM) tho fast decomposing body of a lad, evidently between nine and ten years of age, whose name has not yet been ascertained, wa^ found flouting iu the Yarra, near the Queen's Wharf, and con veyed to tho morgue, to await identification and an inquest. The lad was of rather stout build, with light brown hair and full features, and was dressed in an old dark tweed jacket and vest, brown tweed knickerbocker, copper toed lace-up boots, ;uid white socks. The hat was missing, and when discovered tho body was entangled in a fishing-line, to which was attached a piece of metal furniture generally used ill printing- offices, aud it was p:etty evi dent that the unfortunate lad had accidentally fallen into the river while angling for eels. An inquest will be held upon the body by the city coroner at the morgue on Tuesday. Lady Brokers.—Writers on America have often testified to the rage for mining speculation among the community of San Francisco. Kvery body there lias h.s share in the profits of a. mine, real or imaginary; even the little boys aro popu larly supposed to swop scrip instead of marbles and tops. The women are only less active iu this kind of enterprise than the men; and they have lately formed a brokers' association con fined exclusively to members of their own sex. The association is said to have an eminently practical aim, and to be in no way connected in principle with those better known organizations for the " emancipation'' of the sex. It will extend its operations to all financial concerns, though its chief business will be the buying and selling of mining stock. The "directors" are said to be among the best known female speculators in California, One of their principal objects ii! to supply information as to the state of the market that will place their fair customers on precisely the same level of advantage ;is dealers of the other sex. "A rough estimate {says a San Francisco paper) puts the number of the women operators up in the thousands." It will soon bo not only all for the women but all by the women in the United States. It is t-o be hoped that the ladies of San Francisco may not be tempted to practice those devices for the con trol of the market invented by the jobbers of New York. It will be a sad day for all of us when the " ring" that is popularly supposed to be the bound of feminine ambition shall no longer consist solely of the token received at the altar. Leather in- One Hour.—An American paper states a joint stock company has recently been formed in Detroit for the purpose of tanning leather in one hour. Tho process is stated to bo a chemical one, performed by the action of cer tain inexpensive materials, the compounding of which in the right proportions is a secret. It is claimed that robes tanned with the hair on aro as soft as the finest wool ; hides as the deer, horse, dog, etc., are smooth and soft, while calf and kip show the texture and grain which good shoemakers most admire. No bark is required, except a little to give the proper color to tho leather. It is asserted that the company are turning out from '2000 to 3000 hides per mt.nth. How the article is wearing we have not been able to ascertain, but shall watch the result with interest. Paving from Furnace Slag.—There ia notv a possibility of the "Staffordshire oysters," as the scoria; from blast-furnaces aro facetiously called in this district, being turned to profitable account. Mr Joseph Woodward, of Bedaie, Yorkshire, having patented an invention for making tho scoriro into blocks for road and footpath pavement, has put down a plant at Mossrs. Turley's to produce blocks for tho purpose. The molten slag runs from tho furnaces into moulds, which aro fixed upon a rotary frame, and as fast as one mould is filled another presents itself to the stream. Tho moulds are opened whilst the blocks are rod hot aud placed in a kiln at a certain heat, and there thuy stay for 2-i hours. This is all tho process, and it requires two men and two boys to use up 30 tons of slag per day. Wh on ready for use the blocks are very clean and hard. They turn a chisel, and tho inventor claims for them that they are impervious to wet, and consequently to frost ; the surface is level, but of such a nature that it bites tho iron of the horses' shoes ; tho surface chamfered, and so no horse could slip, whilst the chamfering, provided tho street were laid upon a convenient gradient, would render the pavement a self cleansing one. The blocks aro made ill five sizes in order to provide for different purposes, are cheap, and .Mr. Woodward's effort to utilise tho alag ia the most successful which as been seen in South Staffordshire and East Worcestershire. —Birmingham Daily Post. Steam Rivettkd Boiler.—An improved boiler 30 ft. long and T ft. diameter has just been completed by the Turnbridge Iron aud Boiler Works Company, established about tivo years since, and upon being tested has gi\ en great satisfaction, 1 he boiler lias been constructed upon the most approved prin ciples, aud iu iu formation great care has been taken toderirc the greatest benefit from all tho newest inventions. Tho boiler beins designed for high pressure, or to bear a pressure of about 100 lbs., plates of 9-lGths instead of 7 ICtlis, as generally in service in mill boilers, have been used. * Another im provement has also been made in emtio" and iu the working of tho plates. Instead of haying the rough edges usually noticeable in boilers, each plate is pit. bent, ()r turned, aud planed with machines, thus ensuring umtorii.ity and strength. A great feature iu t he construction of boilers by the company is the evenness to be noticed in the weldiu.' together of the huge plates, caused by the metal having been well planed, and the manner iu which the massive sheets of iron are rivetted. Instead of livettiug by hand the c >:upany have in operation a steam hammer of 25 tons power, which affixes a rivet at a single blo;v. Toe advantages of a machine for such a work are very palpable. In working the rivets by hand it*may easily occur that one rivet receives quite double or g JS.iibly troble, the attention in workingorer RiK'th'er, but iu the casa of a machine tho power is always uaiforia.iuijiist.^. \ valuableMiskRAL Srmsa.— Some gci.tle " on mi exploring expedition along the U^ w te urthe'Wernboe.n Saturday (says i a ii , ,/ v.7«r( 1-aiiK across one ot the many tho Ba p;u.to{ the ,ountry. ■n^Utcr bubbled up from a steep hffl*de, and folded down to the creek below, clear a. crystal a ,,i) as ice It lormed, we are told, a dt Ucious tratod draught, being highly charged with s w, wd quite free from that rather ma« tisli Lvor peculiar to most of the Ballan and Coimadai waters which so far have reaol.ed thc market. The explorers spoak m the highest terms of the refreshing properties of the spring, muI vrcre informed by some bushmen whom tho\ met at tho spot that the people about go lor miles to get water from it, and prefer it to l>c«r or any liquor they can obtain. W hile our inforuisoits were camped by the spring, hall _ a doion men who had been working m the !.tiL,l - borhood joined them, and borrowing a pint tm uot each quailed off three times the full of ttu. vessel. thereby proving what they (the natives of th<J place) thought of tho wholesome pro i>ertie3 of Uio tap. V* itUhi twenty yards of tho T.laeo ran the Werribee river, offering its cool mini water, but the men preferred that of the mineral spring. It is stated by those m the habit of using this water that if bottlod and corked as it llows the confined gas will shat.er ordinary brandy bottles to pieces. I he spring is about 2,r) miles from Ballarat. Tho art-union of London have decided to en grave, for presentation to their subscribers, ilr. Armitage's "Christ among the doctors The original oil painting, purchased tor *400, will be tho chief prize in the distribution ot Boy bliOWSKD.—A sad fa til accident occurred on Sunday afternoon (says the- ly). A boy about ten years of age, named Masci, while playing up011 t!le Vfn? ? ' ,ne:'r Queen's Wharf, saw an apple floating clown the stream It was about two or three teet from the side, and he made several attempts to catch it with his hand. While making a more violent effort to effect his object, he overbalanced him self and fell into tho water. He came to the sur(aco several times, but, although many per sons were standing looking on, no attempt was made to save tho drowning boy. l'lnally ho Sauk, and did not again come to view bulwe ouently tho body was recovered, and tl'e police, on being sent for, procured a stretcher with the intention of removing the corpse to tho morgue. In tho meantime, however, the father of the unfortunate boy arrived on the scene and car ried tho lifeless remains in his arms to his home at Emerald Hill. An inquest will be held. A Walk. Halv way to tuMoon.—In these day* of great pedestrian feats, it is worth while to record the doings ot an old Yorkihiromiiu who has just died at tho ripo a"o of eighty-four years, at Masham, in Yorkshire. James Heap was a schoolmaster, and carried on his calling in a wild and bleak uavt of the country, walking every day a dis tance of eight miles, lie lived at a cotton mill just below the village of Healey, which i< in tho western part of that, portion of Yorkshire called Mashamshiro. Hisschool housc was four miles distant, at Goltersdale, which is still further west, and among the bleak hilis and wild moors leading away to Westmoreland. A storm of wind and lain is no trifling matter in those parts, and dnr iu» and during a snowstorm the snow very often drifts so thickly as to make tho roads almost impassable j but no condition of the weather or atmosphere could shake lleap s steadfast purpose, and ho never had any ail ment or accident which kept him fr-uu going his daily round to tho school and homo again. Many a time had he to wade through snow drifts to find that his pupils were not able to reach the school, and he was constantly subjected to a drenching rain in the winter months. Yut from December, 1S'22, to January, 1807, lie never missed a single day, and during 2292 consecutive weeks he walked more than 110,000 miles, or nearly live times round tho world. Nor was he altogether idle oil Sundays, for during fortv-two years of this period lie shared with otheis the teachings of a Sunday-school at a place oallod Summorside, about the same distance from his hotne and in an equally droary and wild district on the moors with Coltors dalo; seventeen Sundays in each jeardur inj; these forty-two years did he walk eight miles to tench, which adds all aggregate of 5712 to the former sum, so that taking Sun days and week days into reckoning, he would, if he had continued his work for rather mure than another year, have covered a dis tance equal to half the space between the earth and moon. " Max's Inhumanity to Max."—Mr. P. Q. 11. Smith's his name. He is travelling agent for tho " Centennial Humbug." lie arrived in the city last evening. Mr Smith worn a Centennial suit, shoes a la tooth-pick, and an opera-house liat. Mr. SoiiLh knew the significance of a newspaper notice, and accordingly called at this otlice early this morning to purposely have a conversation with the local representative. He pushed the door of the composing-room open, and passed in unobserved. " Gentleman, 1 " *' Business office at the left, as you come up the stairs," said the foreman, in an affable manner. "I represent the Centennial Humbug," said Mr. Smith, suavely. He went on—" It is a paper for the poople, and—" " Publish it in a book !" yelled a young typo sitting upon a three legged stool. 31r. Smith took out a cambric handkerchief, wiped the perspiration from liis seemingly agitated brow, and commenced : '"It is an epitome of use—" " S'cat !'— and something else—hissed a typo, as he dropped a stickful of type. ''The Poet's Corner is a prom—" Hire Ridgway Hall ! " screamed a boy who was assorting "pi." Mr Smith was evidently intent on making eno grand effort, for ho said:—"As an in ducement, gentlemen, I will give with each and every copy a fifteen-dollar chronio, a-n-d —" Forbearance had ceased to be a virtue with the foreman, and lie shot the rash intruder with a " shooting-stick." Mr. Smith fell to the flour in an insetuible condition. After several flaps of a palm leaf fan, and frequent applications of ice, Mr. Smith was considered able to retire to some secluded place. Before tho going down of this day's sun, Mr. Smith shall have silently Arabod away. Mr. Smith certainly escaped a worse fate, for had he entered the local editor's oliice, ho wonld have been shot to death and thrown out of a ! third-story winilo'.v.— -Senoma Democrat. 