L " LOOK TO YOUR NOSE." Tnis ia a very commoa expression, but ibera ia more, in it than at Brat meeta the eye. Noseology ia a neglected .science. - Dr."'Watta wrote- ... ?,-..*."r.!'' ; 'fÍThe mind's¡the atandard ot the man." NoBeoloaiata have a different idea. Their great apostle. Mr. Sloane, thohght that the nose ÍB the true needle tb point tb the load- stone of heart and mind alike.': It i« the moat prominent outcome, of the, inner nature." .It attache* toitself .ali .the mental superiority of the humancnamoiiony, "?':%v. ,;" . ? . The varieties of noaea. are legion-the shades of difference are multifarious, even in hose's with; a like : general outline. These , iiitfereo'eea are perceptible; yettie many oases . aô.filhtly so that hue Would ' almost need tb go ii^o loiiarithmi tb estimate precisely; The. 'contour ¿>f the face.;afFects noses greatly, and -a* jika' pattern of ; nose on a fair man'preeentB a/differenoe of.appearance.«pon.a dark ; and Ju fair and dark «litt» the weather, worry, or /aickneia niákes a-wunijerful alteration. V loto the »tín«tt<B of nose«,'hbwevtr, there ia little I need to enter, HS most observers can take stuck of them alter a description; of the four' generic-types. Aa the study progresses the types can be divided and subdivided accord- ing to tb« keenness of the-observation of the reader. The generic order.of noses ia here put thus ;- ''.'-:'? ;" .'-.-'.." '-??.. 1\. The Pug." ' . 2\. The Itouian. ;':.."-;-..? ?.'. : '... '' . 3\. Tue Grecian. ' .:-.;??.".;,??. ;.. é. The Grecian, or Composite Order. The pug noaa, pur ci. «imple, it will readily be admitted by all-except, perhaps, Its possessor-la- by no 'means 'an attractive feature in the face, especially if the upward curve starts about a third, of .the distance fromwheneti the organ is eliminated from, th, forehead. There are pug noses, especially in Irishmen; if pot too much eléviited okyward which'are not without humourlf they happen'< to be, sat blF-. with twinkling blue, or, light 'grey, oye* ;; but if the" diauionda" at each ¿irle -aro not/'expressive, the puir nose is almost next to? répulsive. '.? As a ride, from a pug nóse, supplementary..to an opaque face, the writer instinctively recoils. The owner of tho common pug is Beldóm a brilliant indi- vidual; but if he happens, to possess talents it ihay . »lmOBt bp. aecopted,as an axiom that'he is" óvorbóaring. \ ;.N6t unfrequontly ' ho is laborious,' anxious to learn, but ,riirely, can get. further than,an inconsequential sneer. ¡The Common ' pug; hoi something like.'tho ferocity "of. the buU-dog. about it,'with the yaoillatmg.natui'o of; tho pug in tho canine Bp'éóie's^Thé, owiier of tho uncommon pug hy no means hears sd^bad a ohiiruoter. There is something".'more intellectual ' about him, although, it . is said by nosoologists that he is .a" combination between a prizefighter and a drunken politician,' and it would go against tho! grain. to declare that , " no one with an unebjamon pug nose could ba either a sculptor, n poet,; or'a . painter.V ? Recent history has told us very differently. "" "; " ?' ,Tho common Bonum, nose is hold in little repute by those who are littBrnpting to revivo this unhappily neglected soienco of noseology. -ITroni the bridge it is rounded off. to tho tip. .If not strongly (marked after the fushion'of tho; late . Iron Duko, the mind is not of tho í highest order, it barely rises above mediocrity (tho "man owner of tho . noso, it should bo understood), and bedizens itself on breast and fingers with gaudy jewels. . The uncommon Roman nose ia altogether of a different oalibro. i Thero is a something about it wliioh must assert itaolf if culture has boen addod to the i proboscis. . It is a kind of nose which over ! comes , all opposition, which-has enabled men to conquer mortal achievements-'?' to mould i-.tho. world to their, will.?' Notably,, to uso Sloano's words in our own contury, Napoleon i and Wbllinpton were in. tho possession of Such i noses. ." Napoleon know tho - scorers of noseology, - ho koow, what advantages thero woro in a good Beman noso. ? Ho selected his generáis, and put them into places of trust aiid confidence by tho length and height of; their nosoa.-. The Duke of Wellington; one of tho- most ' illustrious of warriors in' times auciont. or., modern, had a strikingly remark- able Roman noso. By this nose hp conquered. Napoleon, : and . in that noso saved .Britain .from becoming a province'of Prance. . Muy she eyer have such a nose in emergencies," and so on. ??: ???..:?<.????': . '??????. \- Tho Grecian nose, ; . straighter ? than .tho Boman', lacks tho flory energy. It is more characteristic, ofj amiability and : refinement. It indicates. passion, too, but~its real,passion moans not tho sword or the spear, but the lute of Apollo, and. tho brush of Apelles. ''Byron fought' nnd ? died. for .that, nose, -yet" still the oup ofSamian . wine needs to bo swallowed' under protest. ? ; . But it is: a oomfort to think that.there are other' noses ;oot so bad as the pug, nor so valiant as the Boman, nor quito so refined us the Grecian, but possessing m a mixed degree, tho best-qualities "of, alic guided by a wiso, discretion. 'This,, in ."noseology is oallod tho, Composite nose; : and it is the sort that is generally motHvith in tho streets. "Itshould run in/adircofcauglo,"ive aro told,jfrom tho forehead, should ? be'straight; regular, and of a good'size. ," Facts provo and oiroumstanoes confirm that this order is suited for attaining eminence "in any of the urta and sciences, in ? the senate, - or. tho. bar, .in. oomm&rce; or:in agriculture." ? Tho toper's noso speaks for, itself. .'. Itis not ? by "any means comely, but thoro is a certain amount oft jollity about it which oven Sir Wilfrid- Lawson .- could 'scarcely: fail tb appreciate :- in presorico - of tho owner: . It lxwicnks sack moro than solidi^/ 1 ; .v.* .s'Flat noses.-nra held in - MBpV eatcom-. by uosoologists:thnn any other . pattern. ' ' It is : argued; that.the ,flatness of tho nose indibates flatness of ; mind,' and-that no nation of flat noses : have, over made their way upon tho earth.-- So far as - what we understand by civilisation,, this idea cannot bo satisfactorily disputed;--? _-f -.. ?:. ..;. ..";.?.. ; 'li iiot'ds no' ghost from the gravc: to tell that hooked nose' behind which in set the "teen «ye. belongs to'theiraoe bf tbè pother-of'tba'; í?ai,tbfülr- that?-.?raoo".,whioh,1' 'endnring.mnoh contumely-.'and! ; cruel "persecution ' thrpógií; ' long oentu'rieB',preserved (brough.all iistoilfl;?'; trials, andiishookintf; Bufferings;in. accumu- lating that '.powerful ? agency called :luore';to such an amouut that it may dlmoat safely he snid > to ' jule the- world. Sbpano has* a wonderful .appreciation -of-this nose. He is iffiruitu eloquent about, it tban(of any bf tbs ííioMn^t-, takiug it from a poouniar.v stand ?ppirjÊi -He- ashs where are ibo Pharaohs, '-and ih -n Buys, " That nose which toiled n,nd Btrniu'ed-undHr tbo whip of a.task-master still exists in all it« hooked rotundity, n^s Jorge and aa well defined as over^'whilst.the^n^anL« organ ol the oppreaaor ha« vftbiéhédi tiiiâ noT where txiats save in' tho remains of its soulptuio." ' ' Tim painter, when ho first seos a baby eat whortleberry pie, begins to comprehend how j limited is the power of his art.' \------ - v^r -' 