EXORCISING THE DEVIL. The Chinese camp at Ballarat (says the Star), on Friday night resembled a vast beehive more than anything else, for it was crowded from dusk until dawn by larrikins, Chinese, and sight-seers male and female. The annual ceremony of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who have died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. About £30 was collected to pay expenses, and was laid out in firewood, food, and paper patters of clothing. At dusk a large fire was lit in the open air, and torn toms, kettledrums, and reed pipes used to pro duce an ear splitting chorus. This music, unearthly though not very spiritual, was kept up until midnight, to attract the attention of the spirits for whose benefit the good things were provided. Spirit etiquette seems to be the same all the world over, and it is not " the thing'' for even Chinese ghosts to walk before mid night. At that witching hour, gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, and dishes wherein rice, fowls, fruit, vegetables, and pudding formed an olla podrida were placed round the fire. Wheo the spirits were supposed to have eaten enough to last them for another twelvemonth and warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt admits many quaint ceremonies. The food was then, distributed among the paupers of the camp a group of the loathsome lepers from near the Rifle Butts, who had crawled to the ceremony, getting a fowl to themselves. These poor wretches, living horrors, appeared to enjoy their night out, but would have got little of the spirit food had it not been for Constable Thompson. The larrikins be haved shamefully during the earlier part of the night, and on one occasion took possession of the wood-stack and piled every log on the fire. Constable Thompson, surrounded by 50 Chinese, drove them off, and the Chinese recovered their wood. Luckily, heavy rain drove most of the boys home before midnight, and the Celestials completed the sacrifice in peace. 