? AMU8EMEMTS. ' 0 That fayorito actress, Mrs. George Dar rell, took hor boneGfc at tho Thcatro Iloyal on Friday, tho 2lat inat. She appeared aa Juliana in Tobin'a comedy tho Honeymoon. Although aho waa sufforing from serioua in deposition, Mrs. Darroll playod with that vivacity and gracefulness that bavo always boen her chief merits. Aa the Mock Duko, Mr. Goorgo Coppin gave evidonco that tho atmosphere of 'another plaeo' had not 'spoiled his sense of humor, or bad damped bia conception on tho subject of low comedy. Mr. Darrell gave a vigorous and manly ver sion of Duko Aranza ; and Mr. Appleton played Rolando with hia accustomed care. Lopez, in tho handH of Mr. Taylor, was an effective piece of acting, showing attentive study and faithful execution. A portion of Mr. Darroll's drama, Transported for Life, concluded the oufcertainmont. Saturday witnessed the debut of Mr, Charles Pope in the character of Itiohard the Third. Mr. Pope is an . actor whose histrionic efforts have been con fined to America. He came to Australia with good credentials as a manager, and an Actor who had played with the most eminent of American actors, aud with the most cele brated English stars who havo appeared on the United States boards. He has a good presence, and possesses an effective voice, two qualities that aid materially in achieving success. The national eccentricities of pro nunciation and intonation are not more marked and discordant to English ears than the dialectic peculiarities of which many capable aotors hailing from Erin and Scocia cannot get rid. Ho adopts the con ventional view of the personal appearance of Gloster. He makes him ' deformed, unfinished, lamely and unfashionable.' In addition to the crooked back he adopts a bolting gait, and makes Richard as repul sive iu visage as be i3 in mind. Mr. Pope does not;, as Richard, present a blood- thirsty villain, who revels m crime as' being conge nial to his misshapen nature. He makes it plain that ambition is the main spring of : his every inhuman act, the motive power that prompts him to climb the highest pinnacle of power, even thongh a soa of blood should intervene between him and tho object ho wishes to attain. He does not deal ia pre Riphaeli3tic detail. Tho picture ho paints po3sesseo nono of the minutioi of the Meissonnier or Jerome school. He puts in hi3 effects with broad touches, ami his lights fine-pointed camel's hair pencil, but are dashed in vigorously by means of tho puletto knife. It waa in those scenes in which delicate touches of pathos are neceaBary to success that Mr. Pope waa weakest. Tliuo bis wooing of tho Lady Anne fell short of the excellence ho displayed in other portions of tho tragedy. The subtle speech and the seductive arb that reached tho heart of Lady Anno and caused her to livston to tho suit of a deformed monstor whose sword still rooked with her huab.ind'a blood were wanting. He wooed, indeed, but rather with peremptory hypocriay and ?whining furvor tb/in with tho pathetic elo. quenco of the man who simulates that hiu eoul is dominated by tha matter passion of lovo. Deapito thoso drawbacks Mr, Pope achieved a fair &ucct-n--;, and tho contrast be tween his fierce denunciations and tho ncccnta in which bo made the offer of his heart to the unfortunate priucess waa sufficiently marked fco merit tho applause which tho audionco accorded him. Tho tent accnc; wao ono of really rare oxcellenco, tho assumption of terror on awakening after tho viwion being marked by artiutic touches. Tho' bated breath with which ho spoke, and tho trem bling oauuod by superstitious dread, added to tho glimmering of remorse ho allowed to bo perceived, conduced to make tho whole a powerful bib of acting. In tbo combat with the Karl of Richmond Mr. Popo kept up tho intoroofc of tho situation, aud ho gavo au efl'cclivo picturo of tho death of tho crooked-backed king. Throughout tho piece bo evinced considerable declamatory power. Hii conception of tbo ohuraotor of Richard tho Third was an intelligent ono, and hiaiin portionationof thocuaractor,tukon a» a wholo, was ono of merit. Mr. Stuart O'Brion #avo au eilVctivo rendering of King Henry IV., and Mr. Apploton'u Duko of Buokujghnm wan full of dignity. JVIr. Iloward'n Earl of Ittchrnond in too well known lo neud oiuoh mention. Ho played the park with tho umtal euro ho U-ntov/n upon partn however oiiiall, a faot from which autoru of Icon merit but much greater preteiiHion mi;;hfc tako ft Icu'iou. Aa Lady Anno, Minn l)(.oy Stewart did liov bout with a part which did not ruut hor ; and Mis» Carry (ioorgu made a roupcot* ablo (jiiueu Ulizabutli. Oil Thutuday Mr, 1,'ojjo appeared an Macbotli. lie gave a vigorous interpro intttni of tlio obarnetor, following oloacly in tho tioiiten track wliiah tho other cxnouunti of titu (urt vru havo iwon botoro him havo tukmi. ilu dvpictu Macboth un u mau iu whom then) waa much good, and allows tho audiouuo to clearly percuive tho inward iitrugdo witliiu him botwuou ambition ami duty, Tltu trauiition from aupot-atitiou to rcokluuu daiing was forcibly markup, vvhilo the iutcrrnittoitt romorao that follows bia obodding of King Duncan's blood was por* trayod with vivid OAriu-iiluojts, Jlo mado au innovation iu tho reading of tho woli known linos lo^iunlng, 'If it woro done ' by Htoppine aftot1 ''twere well ' aud concluding tuuo, ' it wovo dono quiokly if tUo ttBSAiMination,' &o;, What merit thoio is in thin depart uro from tho luuurrcftdlog it is difficult to ooo. Hamlofc might just as woll oxolaim, instead of 'To bo, or nobtobty that io thoquoation,' 'To uo or not to be/' ' tbnfc ia the question whothor 'tis nobler in tho mind to suffer, ' &c.; In tho murder Goene, Duncan'a cbambor :. fa placed in a gallory, to which access is golnod by a stoop flight of utops. Tho ordinary w rangomont of making tho chambor acoeosiblo from a door on tho Dtago io bottor. Ifc is im« possible to ascend tho stairs ina.gr&oofat; mannor, and going up and coming down pro longed the situation to an unnecessary degree. Besides, Lady Macbeth is supposed to catah sight of the grooms lying in a drunken sleep within the threshold, and hor vision, liko Sam Wellor's, '.'being limited, 'sho could nofc see through a flight of stairs and gallory, and an oaken door. In speaking of tho drunken grooms Miaa Carry Georgo, who played Lady Maobetb, naturally lookod towards tho wings whoro tho door 'leading to Ttlin lrfnnr'a /»Vif»TY»V\rt« in r\t-r1ttin«iltr vvl aA/*/! T^Ka acting of Mr. Popo at the banquet after hia disordered mind pictures the presence oE Banquo's ghost waa full of intarost, and ho made p good point by holding his cloak be. iore bis eyes to shut out the phantom which his diseased brain had conjured up. In the scene with Lady Maobefch,. after tho depar ture of tho guests, Mr. Pope'o ondoavora to easily banish remorse were marked by touches of pathoa that suited well to the- oo casion. The combat, from a stage combat point of view, was effective, and wan suffi ciently protracted to satisfy thomoat exigeatti admirers of this sort . of thing. Mr. Pope's Macbeth, taken ns a whole, was a perfor. mance evincing careful study, and a s'triot attention to the preservation of the unities of -the .drama. Miss Carry George's ; Lad y Macbeth was a meritorious performance, and - Mr. Harwood played his old pact of Maoduff call for no especial mention. Tonight Mr. Pope ia announced to appear as Charles do Moor, in Schiller's Robbers On Saturday afternoon a performance waa given at the Prince of Wales Opera Housoi for the benefit of the Dramatic and Musioftl Association. Owingto the indisposifcionof Mrs. Darrell, the comedy of the Serious Family, which waa announced for representation, had to bo . withdrawn, and in consoqttonoo some difficulty existed in substituting uuofchor programme. Salsbury's . Troubadour Com pany came to the rescue, and although, in. tending to make their first appearance. on tho following' Monday, kindly consented io open the entertainment with the comedy of Two Can Play at That Game. - Mr. H; E. Walton recited, with good 'effect, Bingen on tho Rhino, and Mr. Geergo. Darrell was ouocees. ful in his delivery of the Charge of the Light Brigade. Mr. George Coppin gave Qelectiona from Pickwick, and took considerable liber, ties with the author. The characteristia performance of the Georgia Minstrels con cluded the programme.' , .' - On Saturday evening fche opera season waa brought to a close ' with the produofcion of Lohengrin, Signora Antoniotfca Link' as Elaa, JSignor Pnladini and the other per formers doing justico to tho genius of tho composer. Tho Italian Opera Company hove opened for a limited number of. nights .it Sandhurst, and will then proceed to KaL larat. Sydney will probably ba nexb visited, where a season of opera will bo given in tho Exhibition building, and the company will then make a profesaional tour in New Zea land. The Snlsbury Troubadours oponod on Mou. day. The firat piece presented waa the oome'dy Two Can Play at that Game, in which Misa Nellie M1 Henry created a most favorable impression by tho vivacity and dash with which she performed tho part o£ Lady Arundel. Sho waa supported by Mr, N. Salabury a3 Sir Charlea Arundel, and by Mr. John Webster aa Howard Loalio. Thdo followed the oroam of tho ontortainmont, an of la podrida called Patchwork, a wholesale iucongruity, which gives the moiubera of tho company full scopo for displaying their varied attainment?. Tho plot, if plot thoro bo, is that a rich gontloman givea a privato masquerade. While tho gueat3 aro at suppor tho servants don^somo of thr cootumeo, and ^ivo unbounded licence to thoir lovo of fun. j Thoy do everything from a breakdown to a bnrleRtjuo on Hamlet. Tho performers are Mr. In. Salisbury, Mr. John Gourlay, Mr. John Webster, Miss Blanoho Corolli and Misa NollioM 'Henry. The great oharm of the performance ia tuat thoy all aot wolt up to each. Not ono ia idlo for a oinglo mo ment, and during a danoo or a aong by ono of tho company tho othora in tlulgo in tho moat wildly ocoontrio by- j play. Miaa M 'Henry siuga Pretty as a j Picturo with good effect, and Mien Coiolll | Bmca It v/aa a Dream, ninl Pclits Oiseiuix in I a pleating manner. Besides performing a hundred nets tho charm of -which io thoir absurdity, Mr. Gourlay'a uiottosong, All that Olitfcoro, in most amusing, Mr. Salisbury gives an imitation of Jofferaon's Rip Vau U'lnklc, besides which thoro is a mook aoona from Hamlot, and a grand finalo by tho Ttou badourfl. Ifc in impoauiblo to givo & dotailoi (lcooriptlon of all tho amnsiug absurditioa, and tho entertainment must bo Boon to ba appreciated, Tho Pntouwork ovorturo, whioh iioiiuoHHuu tho morit of good arrurtgomont, U ho work of Mr. l''rank Moodor, who oon dnctii tho orohcatra. At tho Aoadouiy of Muoio Mr. William Crouwick, on Saturday evening, nmdo hia np- pemrauco iu the ohanictor of llnuilofc. Thoau who thought hia itnpoiaonationof thiooltarao* tor would bo inferior, to hia Viigiuiuu or lits f-oar wore doomed to bo ditmppomtod. Aa a wholo Mr. C'row/iek'o llamlot waa an uii-,' quulilied quuocuii, It ia not tho Uninlet of tho aotor who, with tho .llowor of j outlw ou hiu iiiilo, trion to atono for iuuxpuriouoo . by a Iiiotureiiquo inako-un. aud who thinks it O0,r« root to saurilice th« iitnao of tho mithbl'Ohj tlio uiu-ino of tio-uulUul uovy ruadiuga, It III tlio Hiimlut of tho oxporionoo^ nufcor anil man of Intolluot, whouo every word prodlainls that ho hii'f mado Llio [uirt a profound study, mid Unit ho undoi'Mtnnclii what ho in aavimr. Mr, Crouwiok throuuhoufc in (li|;ni(iod nu^ courtly, nud oven iii iiia oulniinatiou of pns- ulon novor forgot;) that tolinOinouti ia oua of Hamlut'n miuoipnl ohuractoriutloo. It l« nploauuru to liunr Mr. Crouwiok uponk Eng* liuli ; thuro iu no mouthing, uo mispro' uiiucinUou of words, and tho modulation of bin voloo is itmuagod with artUtio otfoot* Tho llmt muoting ol Ilauibt witU tUo Quest of iiia fathor was a tnaitorpiooo of aot|u& tho ootniiinod emotion of filial lovo aila Buporatltious avro being forcibly oortr«y41 Tho interest throughout the first aot waa well sustained, and his, parting with Ho* ratio and Marcollup, when enjoining thorn' to eilenoo, was tnost impressive It was in tUo 4OU vocational sconca that Mr. Creowiok most OKoollod. Thus, when Guildonstorn and Ro aonorautz first attempt to learn tho aocrot of his atraugo doinoanor, he makes it apparent that ho in hi» turn is simply ' playing upon thom, aud simulating friendly hilarity for tho purpose of Bounding thoir objoofc. Never before has thio portion of tho tragedy been 09 offeotivoly rendered in Melbourne After bidding Ophelia to 'go toanunnory,' tho anger felt at her suppo3od deception wfcU, reapect to her father'o preBenoe behind the curtain ia overcome by his love, and Hamlet rushes back, falls at her feet and rapturously kisses her hand. The effect iflweli conceived and just ao well carried out. Tho way in which Hamlet depicts his aanoyauce at the continual importunities of Polouiuo was artistic in the extreme. In tho closet scene Mr. Creswiok displayed a happy combination of offended dignity, gentlo re* monstrance and reverent awe. In the grave yard aceue despair was forcibly and faithfully dopictod, and in the last act Mr. Creswick's doath scene was most impressive. Of course Shero were lights and shades in his acting, B9V0.9 portions being inferior to other. It xraa ohiofly in the soliloquies that ho was svo'alr, but this may in some measure be aooounted for by tho continual strain upon his vooal organs. As a wholo Mr. Creswick gavo an intelligent and scholarly rendering of fcho character, devoid of allmeritrioiotiseffeots, ami achieved success by those legitimate niORUn which practice and study have placed within Uia reach. As Ophelia, Miss Helen Auhton was pleasing, without rising to great ness. Miss Flora Anstead, as the Quoen, was weak, and Mr. Gv Douglas, ao the King, was weaker otill. As Laertes, Mr. Booth* mm. still retained his truculent de meanor ; but Mr. 3anS Phillips playod Horatio with good effect. Mr., Wallace aiado an average Polonius. There was Botliing of tho world-wiso courtier About Sum, tho educated man able Jto flatter and disguise hia feelings with consummate &rfc;, pretending ?» knowledge of all things, and ablo, andor the cloak of assumed know ledge, to oonceal hia ignorance. Bat fchpn it is not often a perfect Poloniuo Is met with. The first and second gravedigger woro played by Messrs Thome and Daniels respectively. The tragedy ifl well mounted ; 6a tho play scene with a raised dais on the ^tago for tho play era, and as the background e- oolonnade in perspective, was an imiirovo sueut on the usual arrangement ' Tho Original Georglaa still maintain their reputation at St. George's Hall, their negro suQlodios and comicalities finding favor with fchoir audiences. , ' Mr, EL. Braoy, who has returned from a Buooeaaful professional tour in tho Worth eeatorn diatriot. -will nrocced to Svdnev at £iho ond of this week to join Mr. M. Simon eoa, in whose operatic company ho has ac ceptod an engagement. The playgoing public of Melbourne will bo interested to learn that the Princess Theatre, fcho present lease of which will shortly ex Eiro, has been taken on u seven years' lease y Messrs. Simonson and BayleBS, whointond to produoa alternately both English opora and ordinary dramatic representations. 33ktonoivo alterations are to be made to the interior of tho building, and a sum of sot loan than £2000 will bo spent in carrying out tha projected improvements. This evening the Melbourne Dramatic Club will givo an entertainment at this theatre, andor the direction of Mr. Simmonds, and on that occasion a lady. said to bo possessed of oousidorablo histrionio talent will make hor appoarnnco in a loading role. 