The Month. THE political events of the month have been of a most irruptive character. There has been a reconstruction of the Cabinet, with Mr. Douglas as Premier, Mr. Thorn, who vacated the post, retaining the Works portfolio. Mr. Miles, the member for Northern Downs, has been appointed to the Colonial Secretaryship, in the room of Mr. R. M. Stewart, who retired from office to attend to private busi- ness. In other respects Ministers retain their aid posts. But change is also rife in the Legislative bodies. The Hon. W. Yaldwyn has resigned his seat in the Council, and been gazetted Police Magistrate for Dalby ; and there are three vacant seats in the Assembly, caused by the resignation of Mr. R. S. Lord, the member for Gympie ; of Mr. Oscar de Satge, the member for Normanby ; and of Mr. Miles, the member for Northern Downs, whose acceptance of office necessitates his ro-election. Besides these, there are rumours of two pending resignations, viz., those of Mr. Amhurst, for Bowen, and Mr. Walter Scott, for Mulgrave. A few weeks at the most ???? Kidgell and 'Mr. Mellor have been nominated for Mr. Lord's vacant seat ; and Mr. Rees E. Jones, solicitor, of this town, has consented to come forward for the Nor- manby electorate. Mr. D. L. Wallace, of Logan Downs, is also a candidate. The colony is likely to be well served whichever gentle- man is elected. A somewhat nice constitutional question is raised by Mr. Thorn's resignation of the Premiership. The head being defunct, it was contended by some that the body must also give up the ghost, and by others that the body might get a new head, thus avoiding the time and trouble necessarily involved in a general demise and resuscitation. The latest authorities were hold to favour the latter view of the question ; and both the English Reform Act of 1867, and the Queensland Statute, which came into operation on tho 28th of December, in the same year, were found to make a radical distinction between a mere reconstruction and the acceptance of office by a non-official member of the House. The rule laid down by May, and others, being that a member who has already vacated his seat on the acceptance of one office-as all the Ministers had necessarily done-was not required to vacate it on the acceptance of another. His Excellency Governor Cairns accepted this ruling, and sauctioned the reconstruction of the Cabinet, or, as it may be called, exchange of portfolios. The debateable question still remains, how- ever, as to whether the Premier can resign his headship and accept a subordinate place in the same Ministry. So far the crisis has been tided over. It is said that Mr. Thorn earned the thanks of the Liberal Party, by the course he has adopted ; and a semi-government organ states plainly that the Ministry, with Mr. Thorn at its head, would have had little chance of pulling through another Parlia- mentary session. This is no doubt the general opinion ; and the late Premier seems to have listened to wise counsels. But thanks in such a case are some somewhat equivocal ; for if the old regime had been continued and Mr. Thorn's Ministry defeated, say on a simple vote of no confidence, he and his cabinet would have had no alternative but to retire, leaving the dignity of office to another. As it is, we scarcely see where the thanks come in. He has merely preferred small fish to none, and that, of itself, savours nothing of patriotism. No sooner had the turbid waters of politics assumed a placid appearance, than Sir Maurice O'Connell was temporarily invested with the reins of Government, and his Excellency Governor Cairns, shaking the dust from his feet, left the shores of Queensland for his vice-regal charge in South Australia. The embarkation -on board the Government steamer Kate is said to have been a quiet affair, the only display having been got up by the officials. his Excellency was accompanied to the Bay by the Ministers then in town, the Judges of the Supreme Court, and several members of Par- liament. The chief feature of the trip was a capital luncheon, and an appropriate toast list ; and before parting his Excellency gave the "Prosperity of Queensland," and ex- pressed his regret at leaving. This ended, so far as Queensland is concerned, the short and uneventful career of Governor Cairns, who is known to the majority of the colonists only by name. Ill-health is said to have confined him to the metropolitan districts during his sojourn here ; but the fact remains, never- theless, that a governor who takes no trouble to identify himself with the interests of the people over whom he is placed will depart unwept and unsung. Having evoked no feeling beyond that of mere respect, there was nothing to call forth popular regret. This is the law of human nature, whether it affect governors or the meanest of Her Majesty's subjects. Sir Arthur Kennedy is very unfortunate at the outset of his Queensland career, as he has arrived in a vessel infected with stnall-pox, and is now in quarantine. The Chinese on board-some 500-are consigned to the domain of mosquitoes, as our quarantine ground may fittingly be called ; but his Excellency, and also the other European passengers, proceeded to Moreton Bay, where they will remain during the specified period. Social affairs during the month have been quiescent, though the public mind has been kept on the rack by the proceedings at the District Court. The bank defaulters-Woodd and Surennc-were convicted, and sen- tenced to four years' penal servitude ; and two forgers, a horse-stealer, and several petty thieves got their deserts. An aboriginal, named "Sandy," has been com- mitted for trial at the Supreme Court next month, on a charge of murder ; and there are several other important cases for trial. Our Police Magistrate has been kept unusually busy, chiefly through the work thrown upon his hands by "high-class" criminals. Petty offences appear also to have been on the in- crease, but it wonld be hazardous to venture a decided opinion on the subject without a care- ful analysis. During the past few weeks trade has been dull-but it is a dulness according to rule, being incident to the season. There are three English trading vessels now in port-viz., the Scottish Hero, now on the eve of sailing with a full cargo of wool, skins, hides, tallow, pre- served meat, &c.; ; the Scottish Knight, which is now discharging the Rockhampton portion of her cargo, and is to be placed on the berth for London ; and the Gamen, from Swansea, which is being lightered, her cargo consisting principally of a large consignment of steel rails for the Queensland Government. The coastal and intercolonial shipping movements maintain a good average. Our wet season, though a comparatively dry one, has interfered with the transit of wool from the up-country stations, otherwise the Scottish Hero might have been despatched a couple of months earlier. Irately, however, wool has been coming in more rapidly, and during the past four weeks 1648 bales were received in town. That, however, was not all available for loading, a considerable proportion going to Sydney. We have been favoured with seasonable rains during the month, and these, while interrupting trade to some extent, will do great good to the country, and there is therefore no reason for grumbling. 