THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. This is a fine old country for quilldrivers and clerks, and such like as prefer the aristocratic employment of the desk to rising their muscles and developing their sinews; and spoiling the look of their hands with labouring work. The ether day I saw about eighty of these unfortu nates, of all degrees of hardupishness, and all varieties of aeediness, standing around a manu facturer's office door. There was the chap who hadn't been out of employment sufficiently long to need a patch in his unmentionables, or a cobble fee his boots, and there was the poor devil who needed these and more — so woe-begone looked bisgarments. There were stout and thin, decent- looking and coarse and vulgar ; the clerk with the watery eye and ominous tinge to his nose, and the clerk with the pallid chegk and anxious look, all gathered together "to besiege a billet worth, I suppose, some 30s. per week. There were some working men standing near me looking en with mingled surprise and pity written in bronzed and independent-looking counten ances. " My oath," says one, " if that's what education does for a man, what's the show for this here act they makes such a noise about ? T'other day they hauled me and some neighbours ever the coals for not sending our kids to school— well, if schoolin's going to bring 'em to this sort o' thing," and he pointed con temptuously towards the anxious mob, " I don't see as it's much better than the scrap-and gather learning their fathers own." And, indeed, there was truth in what this honest fellow said. This education business isn't going to do all that is promised for it — not by a long way. I'll bet that it will spoil many a pretty fellow. I'm much afraid that a good many of our State scholars will think themselves a cut above the ploughshare or the mallet, and go in for the " genteel" occupations of counter-jumper, and such other Miss Nancy occupations as may be fitting to their "educa tion" and superior refinement. Anyway, this passion for clerk work, rather than good sound honest manly labour, seems to me to augur badly for our future. We want men, not man- Bikini ; producers and creators, not copyists nd japanners. It is a curious fact that democracy is most eager in giving the State the useless in labour, rather than the substantial and productive. In the United States this fact is alarming political thinkers ; and it may well call forth similar reflection here. For my part, I own that I would sooner apprentice my sons to market- gardeners and nightmen than clap them into a counting- honse or a shop, and so emasculate the very gender oh their independence and self-reliance. Pah ! I protest that when I see a great flabby- looking animal stuck behind a counter, measuring ribbons and tapes, and smirking at the women he serves — and who are more manly than he — I wish that I had him in Turkey or Persia, where they need epicenes for their harems, and where such fellows would sell well. What a mighty fuss they've been making about this tract business at the hospital ! Isn't it enough to sicken a sensible person with this milk-and-water bosh of proselytism ? The hos. pital, as I take it, iB an institution devoted to the cure of fleshly ills, and any matter which interferes with this object should be carefully guarded against. I once saw a hale old chap, who was lying next to me in a hospital ward, give up the ghost right away when an indiscreet parson began preaching to him about his sins, and I am sure that these indecent rivalries between Protestant and Roman Catholic zealots, in the cause of the sick and dying, must tend to add largely te the mortality-rate of the hospital. If a patient wish to see a parson or a priest, well and good ; and it is, no doubt, proper and right that gentlemen, whose profession is the cure of souls, should visit those who are seeking a cure of body. But amateur preachers, and croakers, and admonitors never yet did good. They frighten the timid with their ghastly tracts ; they irritate the rational with their melancholy eonmsels and warnings ; and they most certainly interfere with that rest and quietude which are such invaluable aids to the skill of the physician or surgeon. No, no ; I admir© and respect that devotion which is, of course, ip wise inspired by the self - complacency of the Pharisee) that expends money and time in the purchase and distribu tion of " healing counsel for the sick ;" but as a matter of practical fact,, it does more harm than good. Let the amiable ladies who have been raising the dander of the Romans anent this matter stick to their Sunday-schools and domi ciliary visits, and leave alone tract distribution amidst hospital patients. If they spread abroad these literary marvels of salvation, by the ton, among the patients, they might send a greater average to heaven than would have been other wise the case ; but then they would send them before their time, and that I earnestly pretest to be an interference with the liberty of the subject. The "poor man's beer" ia likely to turn fiat on Sundays, now that this new act jp In fore. Dot, who is a woman of supreme foresight and resources, was equal to the occasion last Sunday ; . and when I, who had' forgotten the clapper put on my Sunday malt, came back from the corner pub. with a face as long as an Act of Parliament, she poured forth a beaker which calmed my troubled soul. She ad carefully laid in an allowance the night before, and had corked it up tight, and set it away in a cool corner ; so that 1 was enabled to sit in my verandah, and grin at my neighbours as they trooped backwards and forwards in vain search for that which I had at my elbow. Well, it was hard upon the poor beggars ; because somehow the labouring man — whatever he may do on week days — does look for his malt on Sundays. Perhaps, however, this sudden stop page upon what has "grown to be custom, may turn the working man's thoughts to other sources and sorts of comforts, and send him to drink of purer founts of inspiration than be purchased at the tavern tap. Let us hope so — whatever we may believe, eh ? The unfortunate woman who died the other day at Miller's Point, Sydney, " received the last consolations of her church " — says a tele graphic report — "with a proper regard to the dangers of contagion," Now, while one can understand the necessity for taking care that those who administered the offices of religion kto a small-pox patient should be kept clear from r the danger of contracting or spreading abroad the disease, it does seem hard on the patient that, even when in the very jaws of death, she should be treated as corruption and a danger to her kind. How was extreme unction administered to this isolated creature ? Was it by telegram, or by the means of electricity ? Was it carried to her at the end of a long stick, as they feed the lepers in Smyrna ? Ah I here was a sad death for you — with never a soul to come near her but some impregnable old nurse, case-hardened to fear, and indifferent to danger ; but slmrmp-d by all others of her kind, and even submitted to sanitary precautions during the administration of the last consolations of her church. One f pu fancy the holy man with a sponge soaked with Sullivan's disinfectant pressed to his nose, and a bag of camphor around his neck, telling this poor rotting creature of the glad tidings of re ligion—a gruesome picture, which Gustave Dor6 could paint well, and Victor Hugo tell better. There is no brute — when he is a brute — more cowardly than your officer of merchant vessel. He is like some children who delight in twist ing the legs and wings from flies' bodies, or throttling young ducks, or gouging young kittens. The sufferings of the helpless afford him intense delight. The agonies of the un offending serve him as a supreme pleasure. A coward, he delights in serving his spite on those who can t resist him ; but he is a truckler «.nd a cur when his master stands over him. I know these fellows, and once, in my sailor days, got two weeks in irons for splitting one such rascal's head open, he having tried to forestall me in that pleasant pastime. I wish the poor lad who fell from aloft the other day had served his officers so. These curs, by their own sneak ing confessions, tortured the lad, and taxed his strength beyond endurance ; or mayhap drove him to despair and suicide. A pair of hounds, Sir, both of 'em, believe me, and I shall be happy to tell 'em so personally if they are aggrieved, and want to take it out. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 