Uncle Andrew's Christmas Story; OR, The Ghost at Waranga. (Written for The Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) BY JOHN H. NICHOLSON. IMPORTANT business took Andrew Gill home to England, and when it was all settled to his satisfaction, he went to spend his Christmas at Appleby Hall, where about a dozen of his nephews and nieces bad been convened for the same pur* pose. Andrew could tell stories, and they all knew it, for some of them had been printed ; so one night all his nephewß and nieces drew round the fire, and informed him that they wanted to hear one of his most wonderful stories that very evening. " Like the Arabian Nights," said one ; " only an Australian story, of course." " My dear," replied Uncle Andrew, with gentle irony, "nothing ever happens out there that could interest anybody." "Now, I say, uncle," urged another, "we do want a ghost story to badly /" " Alas ! we have uo ghoßts in Australia," said the UHcle ; "as I tell you, life out there is so uninteresting that none but the most idiotic ghost would ever come back and haunt. Be sides, we've nothing to haunt—no castles, or ruins, or anything like that" " And I suppose people never fall in love in Queensland," said the daughter of somebody who must have been very proud of her. " Well, I'm not so Bure about that," replied the uncle. " I fancy I have heard of an instance or two in Brisbane, where people are civilized, smd feel pretty much as people feel in England ; but in the bush " " Undo Andrew," said a very jovial-looking nephew, " you have been so long in the bush that it's no wonder you are a good hand baiting about it. But we all want a story—a Christmas ■tory." "With a ghost in it," cried somebody. " Yes, and a horrible m ," aaid another. "And there really must be a love affair in " said a third. "Nephews, nieces, and darlings generally," said Andrew, waving down the clamour, "I'll tell you a Christmas story with everything in it 1" Here nieces and darlings generally gave the complaisant uncle several kisses, which so invi gorated him that he at once cleared his throat, and told them the following story. The Ghost at Waranga. Some years ago a young man, whom we may call John Smith, after travelling four hundred miles with sheep, delivered them at Waranga, a station in the Never-never country, Queensland. As his long and tedious journey had been con cluded with more than usual success, and as he was a decent young fellow, he was asked to spend Christmas at Waranga. It only wanted about a fortnight to Christmas, so Smith consented to remain and rest. Jacob Simpson, the manager and part owner of the station, was a dry old shell of a man, who oould not possibly do a wrong thing, but unfor tunately he knew this bo well that he hardly knew anything else. His wife was nearly as good as himself ; but she was a hypochondriac, and at least once a week imagined herself to be dying. Now these good people had two grown up children from whom they demanded every sacri fice, and who (according to the good people) were destined to cover the name of Simpson with Bhame and disgrace. Robert, the elder of these children, was a fine broad-chested bright-eyed man about twenty fiveyears old, a splendid rider, a glorious com panion, and an honest man. His Bister—his sister —let us call her Mary—his sister was the sweetest creature that was ever born to make the desert of a man's heart bloom as a garden of roses. I could not tell you how beautiful she was; I could not tell you how good Bhe was. Robert and Mary were devoted to their father and mother; but they were all in all to each other, and a great deal to every living soul that knew them. Now, when John Smith had been three days at Waranga he noticed that his appetite was not what it used to De, and that he was not as lively as he üßed to be, and he couldn't think what was the matter with him. At first he thought he had been smoking too much, so he reduced him self to three pipes a day ; but he still couldn't eat more than two large bunches of grapes before breakfast, and ho still noticed the same awful lowness of spirits every night after Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Simpson had retired. Even Robert with his best fun was unable to cheer him up the least bit. Then he thought that want of exercise had put his liver out of order, bo he took a gun and went out to shoot; but this was a failure, for he used to get into the scrub and lie down in the shade, and think and think, and wonder what ailed him ; and 'guanas and snakes would come and examiuo him, and kangaroos would come and look sadly at him, and turkeys would come and sound mysterious notes around him ; and after an hour or two he would get up and go home, and say he hadn't seen anything to shoot. Then Mary would play the piano to him, and sing soßga to cheer him up ; but somehow or other he didn't enjoy himself at all, and he could not find out what was the matter with him. One night, when everybody else was in bed, Smith and Robert Bat on the verandah, and talked about all sorts of things, till at last they got to ghosts. John didn't believe in ghosts and Robert did. "Not half a mile from here," said Robert, "we have a deserted hut, and if you are there about 12 o'clock at night, you will hear what sounds like a great stone thrown on the roof." " Havo you ever heard it ?" asked John. "I heard it once," said Robert, "the only time I was there at night" " Did others hear it ?" asked John. " Two others heard it with me. We went on purpose to hear it Do you think we could be mistaken ?" " I think some person played a trick on you," said John. " Well," said Robert, « what will you say when I tell you that a shepherd who lived there ten years ago was found lying dead in the hut, with his head crushed, and the stone with which the deed was done lying on the floor beside him ?" " I do not doubt that," replied John ; " but I do not think that ghosts can throw stones—or, in a word, that ghosts ever haunt any place." "I wish," said Robert, "that you had been with me that night" " I can be there to-night," said John. " Done," said Robert, "and may the old ghost break the roof in on you, you obstinate old Turk." Well, they went to their bedrooms, put on their boots, mustered up pipes, tobacco, and matches, and off they started for the Murdering Hut, as it was called. When they got there it was about 11 o'clock, so they had about an hour to wait, and after walking two or three times round the hut they went inside, made a roaring fire of dry wood in the huge fireplace, and taking their seats on the bunks which were still there, they set themselves to chat and Bmoke till the dread hour of 12 should arrive. "It only wants ten minutes to 12 by my watch," said Robert. " How do you feel about it ?" " Perfectly easy," said John, " and bo do you. You surely do not expect that what chanced to happen last time 'you were here will happen again to-night ?" "Honestly, then," replied Robert, "I do not expect it; but if nothing happens, you have still to account for what did happen." "If it was not a trick," said John, " I think that the wind may have blown a bit of an old branch on the roof." "It was as calm and still as to-night," said Robert. " I have known wild ducks fly against a roof," Baid John. "It is 12 o'clock by my watch," said Robert. And when he had said this, John got up and walked up and down the hut. "Three minutes past 12," said Robert in a whisper. " The old ghost won't break the roof to-night," said John. The words were scarcely out of his mouth before they heard a thundering crash on the roof. Rebert, pale as death, sat motionless, but John rushed out through the door, and by the time Robert got outside nothing was to be seen or heard of John, or of anything else. "Ha," thought Robert, "he believes in ghosts now, and was so frightened that he didn't dare to stop a moment in the hut." Soßobert walked home, and went straight to John's bedroom, but he was not there, and I can tell you Robert didn't like the looks of it. Now to follow John's adventures. He had made up his mind from the first that if he heard anything on the roof at or about 12 o'clock, he would try to have a look at it ; and as he burst out at the door, he distinctly saw a figure about twenty yards from the hut What this figure was, or what it was doing, he did not at the moment know; but when he bounded after it, he saw that it looked like a woman, and that it was running from him with wonderful fleetneas. In what direction they sped, at what rate, or how far, John did not know ; but after a long race, and when the flying woman had exhausted all her stratagems, and all her strength, she suddenly stopped, turned round, and stood motionless. John advanced to within four or five paces, then gazed in awe on a face of won derous beauty—aye, a face of unearthly beauty— pale, sad, defiant, proud, defeated. Her deep eyes glowed in the moonlight, and her bosom heaved like the large waves after a storm. "What—who are you?" asked John, in a voice that trembled with emotion. For a second her lips moved as though she would speak, then she Bank to the ground in a sitting position, and covered her face with her hands. John Smith was never so embarrassed in his whole life. He implored the mysterious woman to speak ; but she would not He walked round her, and away from her, and back again. He sat near her on a log for a good half hour ; but she appeared not to notice him, and did not re move her hands from her face. At last he said, " I do not know who you are —I only know that you are a woman—l cannot possibly leave you alone all night, unless you assure me that you can find your way to a house. For my part, I confess I have no idea in what direction the house lies ; but I will watch be side you till daylight, and only leave you when I see that you can get to a house of some Bort." When Johu had concluded this speech, the woman rose from the ground, put back her long hair, and said, " No wonder you do not know me, Mr. Smith, for I must seem like a lunatic." .Mr. Smith rushed forward as though he would clasp thejluuatic in hia arms; but he only took her hand and held it between both of hia while he said— " I see it all now ! What a hot-headed fool I am, to be sure. But 1 couldn't give in, you know, I had to Bee it out. Will you forgive me?" " Forgive me first," said Mary, " and then for give Bob. He came round to the window of my room, and he waa awfully excited, and he begged me to help him to play a trick on you. He said he only wanted to try your mettle, and perhaps I myself was curious to see how you would behave, for Bob said you had been talking so big." Well, nieces and nephews, and public generally, I'll try to work out all the mysteries of the story, and in aa few words as possible. A shepherd had really been murdered in that hut Yeara afterwards another shepherd was awakened in the middle of the night by a crashing noise on the roof. The hut now gained the repute of being haunted, and no person would sleep in it Then Robert Simpson, and a couple of young fellows staying at Waranga, resolved to spend a night in the hut They thought they had kept their intention secret; but it came to the ears of the men, one of whom hurled a huge stone on the roof with such effect that the three young fellows were nearly frightened out of their lives. When this practical joker left, he had the plea sure of telling Mr. Robert all about it, and Mr. Robert at once conceived the idea of playing the same triok on another. The opportunity arrived; Smith didn't be lieve in ghosts; he should be convinced that there are auch things, and hia manly courage should be forced to quail before the supernatural. Youremember that the two young fellows went to their rooms to put on their boots—it was then that Robert hurried to the window of hia Bister's room, and begged her to do this for him. Mary would do anything for her brother ; but remem bering how terrified he himself had been, she re fused to bear any part in the trick. Robert then told her how confident Smith seemed, and she thought she would like to teat hia courage ; but she let Robert start for the hut without a dis tinct promise that she would come and do her part; and it was the look of disappointment and disgust on Robert's face which made her finally decide on helping him. Robert had agreed to give her the signal by telling Smith the time ; but when he had given the signal without any result, he concluded that Mary had not come, his surprise and fear, there fore, on hearing the crash on the roof were genuine. Things did not turn out aa calculated. Mary thought that she would have plenty of time to get out of sight after throwing the atone, for a quantity of new scrub had shot up all round the deserted hut, and, moreover, she thought that Smith would take a minute or two to recover from the (shock, during which time she, fleet of foot and agile, would be speeding homewards through a maze of trees and bushes. But, alas, John waa too quick for them, and he caught the beautiful ghost! Aye, nephews and neicea, he caught that dear, beautiful ghost, and the beautiful ghost, as you will hear, caught him and held him in her heart for ever. John Smith and Mary Simpson were lost in the bush together. Mary was lost through her horror at finding herself so suddenly pursued, and John waa lost because he followed Mary. What was to be donef John wanted to cooey —a cooey is a long shrill call; but Mary begged him not to do so, aa it would assuredly rouse people at the station, and she felt that she would rather lose her life than let her father and mother know what she had done. So they agreed to wait till daylight, when John would climb a tree and take a survey of the country. It would be daylight at half-past 4, so they had not long to wait, and they were sure that before the father and mother were stirring Mary would be safe in her own room. By degrees they forgot everything but them selves. Mary took John's arm, and they paced slowly up and down a beautiful glade in the forest The air was still, and laden with subtle perfumes. John looked in some amazement at the very handsome girl beside him, who but an hour ago had been so transformed by shame and anger that he did not know her. She waa again transformed, exalted by the indwelling love, so that he again did not know her. She waa not Mary Simpson, and this was not Waranga ; he waa not John Smith, and they were not lost in the bush. No, they were two angels pacing the flowery meads of heaven. But they spoke not a word of love, John waa too honorable and chivalrous to utter his love under such drcum* stances. But each felt what neither put into words, and both felt sad when daylight ap peared. Well, John climbed a tree, and at once dis cerned the zinc roof of the head station, about three milea away. Then the two young Bpiritebent their way towards the house, and the Bun hod not risen when John brought hia precious charge to the garden gate. Before Mary left her protector, she turned towards him, and their eyes met in a long deep look of mingled joy and sadness. Then came the first kiss of love—sudden, Bwift, and sweet Then followed three days of happiness—of perfect, unalloyed happiness; and Christmas Day was the last of those days. It was about 8 o'clock, and a lovely night; Robert and John had finished their smoke on the back verandah, and were now in tho parlor singing sweet songs to Mary's accompaniment on the piano ; Mrs. Simpson sat in an easy chair, and appeared to notice nothing ; old Simpson was supposed to be in his office. John was singing Juanita ; yes, and he was just putting all his boul into it, when in burst Simpson, rushed to the piano, dashed his fist down on the key-board, and Bhouted, "Stop!" Mary clasped her hands, and turned pale ; Robert hurried over to his father ; Mrs. Simp son started to her feet, and gaaped for breath; John felt a pain like a stub, and knew that Christmas at Waranga was over. One of tJie tenants had seen John escorting Mary through tte bush, and had given Mr. Simpson the news — as a Christmas present. Hot and fierce raged the battle round poor Mary. Mrs. Simpson fell early in the fray, and was supported to the sofa to die. At last Mary gave way, poor girl; one cruel wound from the father's tongue, made her beseech his mercy. John was put out of the combat by being ordered not to interfere between a father and a daughter. Agaiu and again did Robert return to the charge, and tell the honest truth about the whole matter. In vain did he declare that he had done his best to find his sister, and that he had walked about lookiug for her the whole night Everybody was wrong in every thing ; no excuse, no palliation was to be found ; and John was told that the groom would get his horse first thing in the morning. "Thank you, Sir," said John ; " but I should prefer starting to-night, and I can catch my none myself." Poor John then bade good-bye to everyone in the room, and hurried out. followed by Robert Robert led John away from the house, and then told him why his father had been in such an ungovernable rage. Simpson waa^in partnership with a man whom everybody ioriktstralia knowß—Quail, of Sydney. ' Quail had all the money, and Simpson had none, or very little. Owing to bad management and marsupials, Waranga did not pay, or wan not then paying. To Bell Waranga was to ruin Simp son, whose little all was invested in it Stephen Quail—Quail's eldest son, and as vile a young cub as ever stepped—was sent up to inspect and report He saw Mary, and reported that it would be unwise to sell the station yet awhile. He came again to inspect, and this time he left Waranga as the affianced husband of poor Mary, who honestly believed she had fallen in love with him. The continued prosperity of the Simpsons was now assured. It was sufficiently galling that the servants at Waranga- had it. in their power to Bay that Miss Simpson had become so familiar with Mr. Smith as to take walks in the bush with him before others were out of bed ; and this was the extent of his grievance, for he never imagined it possible that the affianced bride of Stephen Quail could be so moved as to forget him, and to bestow her true love on a penniless sheep* drover. Robert told John all the story as they walked through the paddock after the horses ; and the cold waters of despair closed round the heart of poor John. At last they found the horses, yarded them, and saddled up, Robert declaring that he would set him a few miles. After they had ridden half-a-mile or so, John pulled up, and said, " Do not be hard on me ; you see how it is, do you not?" " I do," said Robert; " but it cannot be." " Whether it can or cannot be," said John, "I cannot leave this way. Robertr-Robert—l must see her before I go." " You shall see her/ said Robert Then they turned back, and rode on without ever a word, for Robert loved his sister, and knew that she loved John. And now two ardent souls are tasting the bit terness after the sweetness. "Tell me then that I must not see you again," said John. "I can't," said Mary, in a ton* that was full of love and despair. " Then tell me I may hope," urged he. " I can't—l dare not," said she. " Then what is to be done ?" asked John. " Hope—trust—wait," said Mary. 41 Till we forget each other," said John. But he was sorry he said it, and he will never forget the reproachful look of those honest eyes. The parting moment came at lost, and she whispered," I will never forget you." John said the same and a great deal more, and when he found himself alone on the dreary plain, he felt that the gentle woman from whom he had parted had filled him with hope and trust, and strength to wait patiently. But John had to learn more of the power of love, for in a month or two his hope was gone, his trust wavered, and his strength nearly failed him. One day he saw in the newspaper Stephen Quail's name as a passenger in the steamer from Sydney to Brisbane. Then the power of love made him leave his business and travel hundreds of milea, because he felt that he must either see Mary or die. And as it was, he nearly died on the road, for he worked himself into a fever. It was six months since he had been at Waranga, and he could endure the separation no longer. He was resolved to see Mary, however he might accomplish it ; but fortunately he was able to compass his ends with but little sacrifice of his honor, for he waited in the paddock till he saw Robert, and then he went straight to him and told him all. Robert was very angry at fint, bat he knew what hia sister suffered, and John's sad face told the same story; so they were allowed to meet But to what end? They were in the Bame position as before. John felt it impossible to root out hia love, and Mary atill felt it her duty to keep her promise to Stephen Quail, and by so doing to fulfil what she felt to be her duty to her parents ; for she well knew upon what their welfare depended. So John and Mary went on loving each other, without in the least knowing what the future might have in store for them ; and Robert was their medium of communication, for he had been unable to resist John's earnest entreaty that he would write and let him know how things were at Waranga. Another month's absence, however, drove poor John frantio, and rendered his life almcmt insup portable. Qentle woman endures without mur muring those long cruel pains which, fcilt by men, break the spirit of the cowardly, and drive the resolute into mad revolt. John revolted. In the black midnight of his life, when no star ■hone in the heavens, he cast love out of his heart, and went forth into a new life, a new man, and a worse one. The solitude of the bush appalled him, so he abandoned the weary work of sheep- droving. Qympie gold-diggings, were not a month old, and thither he went, fierce, reckless, and unhappy. But, strange to say, from the moment he aban doned the treasures of hia heart, Fortune insisted upon loading him with others. He became known by the name of " Lucky Smith." Go where he would, he always got gold. One man abandoned a claim in disgust, John took it, and at the very first blow of his pick Btruck upon one of the biggest nuggets of gold ever found on that field. Then he took to reefing, and made his fortune ; but not content with that, he strolled out one Sunday morning, and discovered a new diggings for himself. I can't stop to tell you about the diggings—l must get on with my story, and let you know how things went on at Waranga, which I can best do by telling you about the letters John received while he was busy piling up stacks of gold-bear ing quartz. First letter :—Mary very well and happy. Mr. Simpson very well and happy. Mrs. Simpson doesn't die bo much now, and is as happy as can be expected from one who is " quite resigned." All their imported rams drowned ; but there will be plenty of grass after the heavy rains. Robert very well and happy too, and hopes John is. Second letter:—Old Quail sent a hundred guinea piano as a present to his daughter-in- law —that is to be in another three months. Third letter:—Mary is very ill and unhappy. Mrs. Simpson has angina pectoris, and may per haps not live to require any sacrifice from her daughter; but she is quite resigned. The mar riage is postponed—at Mary's earnest request. Fourth letter :—Stephen Quail has heard the ■tory of the ghost at Waranga; Robert horse whipped the man who told it, and was ready to do the same to the man who heard it Fifth letter :—Stephen Quail wrote a grossly insulting letter to Jacob Simpson, and kindly released Mary from her engagement to him. Sixth letter :—Waranga is to be sold. Now, you could never guess who bought it No, not if you were to guess all night What I You think John Smith bought it ? Didn't I toll you that he cast all the love out of bis—his— what'a-his-name—and became a very bad man ? Well, my darling nephews and nieces, you are quite right—he really loved her all the time; he only pretended he didn't As the poet ■ays— Lot* never loft the palace of hit heart, But only moved into tut inner loom. Well, John Smith bought Waranga, and he told old Quail to telegraph to old Simpson to be so good as to remain at the station till the new owner came up ; and he strictly charged old Quail not to say a word about who the new owner was. It is just two years since unhappy penniless John Smith left Waranga, and here he is coming back to it—the owner t And it is Christmas time, too, again I Of course, things like this can only happen in the Arabian Nights, or in Queens land, where a man sometimes leaps to fortune before he has time to look round him a bit When John caught sight of the zinc roof of Waranga gleaming afar off in the setting sun, his heart gave a great bound, and the tears rushed to his eyes, for he remembered that morn in Paradise when his Mary was with him in the bush. But when he reached Waranga in the dusk, his courage failed him, for the house was still and dark, and he saw Robert come out of a room on tip-toe. Then John trembled, and when he tried to say the word " Robert" no sound came from his lips. But Robert saw him, and came straight to him. John uttered the one word "Mary," and looked yearningly up in his face. Robert started as if shot, and, seizing John by the arm, hurried him down to the bottom of the garden. No wonder Robert was astonished. Hear his story :— Mary had sunk into a decline; she had, in fact, wearied of life without love, and, though no murmur escaped her lips, anyone could see that she was a prey to secret grief. At last the doctor gave her up, and no one expected that she would ever leave her bed. But one day she called her father to her beside, and told him never again to say anything cruel, for that he who had brought all the unhappiness would come again and bring happiness to them. Her father then told her that it was rather too late for that, because Waranga had been sold, and he himself had been cheated and wronged. Mary paid no attention to this ; and every day she said to them that John Smith, and no other, would put all things right And strange to say she began to recover, to smile, and to eat. On the morning of the day that John Smith arrived she was particularly happy, as though she possessed some secret information; and at last she could contain herself no longer, but told her father and mother and Robert, that John Smith would be there that very day. Everybody thought that her mind was wandering; but as she was fast recovering strength through the pleasant ness of her delusions, no one thought it right to disturb them. Her faith never wavered all day, and when her mother ventured to ask her how she knew that John Smith was coming, she ■aid " An angel told me in a dream." On hearing this wonderful story, John told his in return, and Robert was more astonished than ever. Then old Mr. Simpson, hearing voices, came down the garden to see what was the matter, and he was at once introduced to the new owner of Waranga, Even crusty old Simpson had to soften under these circumstances, and he softened so much that he told one of the greatest stories he could think of, which was that he had always regretted having been so hasty with John, and that he knew all along that John was the pure merino. After telling this story aa gracefully as he could, he said he would run up to the house and tell hia wife and Mary. "Don't you tell Mary," said Robert, "I left her sleeping, and she hasn't slept all day. See mother first, and ask what we should do ; for I fear the shock would be too much for Mary. In fact, I don't think Smith should let hid voice be heard at all." Well, my darling boys and girls, I am coming to a very interesting part of the story, so be pre pared ; you know that this is a ghoat story, so you will not be too much surprised when I tell you that while the three men were talking, and looking up at the house, they suddenly saw a ghost on the verandah. The ghost was leaning on Mr*. Simpson's arm, and Mrs. Simpson had one arm round its waist. Then Mrs. Simpson and the ghost came down the Btairs and began to walk straight down the garden to the place where the men stood. Seeing this, old Simpson ran to meet them, and John and Robert heard Mrs. Simpson say, " Don't be angry, Jacob; but Mary would get up—she declares that John Smith is down the garden. Don't be angry with her, Jacob ; a little fresh air may do hei good." Jacob said, "Now, Martha, if you won't scream, I'll tell you that Mr. Smith ia really there." In another moment two lovers were in each other's nrms, enjoying the sweet after the bitter. Then old Jacob clasped hia arms round Martha, and they kissed each other. But poor Robert hadn't anybody to kis*—nobody jußt handy, that is to say ; bo he jumped up and down, and kept saying, " Golly! did you ever Bee the likes of it!" which shows how much Robert must have been affected, for he was in reality a very good young man, who wouldn't say " golly" unless he had some serious reason for it Of course Mary Boon got well now, and aa soon as she was quite well and strong they tent for a clergyman from town, »nd there was a marriage at Waranga; and then John said he didn't want Waranga any more, so ha gave it, sheep and all, to old Mr. Simpson and to his son Robert. And after that he took his beautiful wife to England to see all her new relations there ; and then he brought her back to Queensland, and bought a lovely home for her on the Darling Downs, and there she is now, looking after a lot of little darlings of her own. And that ia the end of the ghost at Waimnga." 