THEATRE ROYAL. MR, POPE AS MACBETH. Last night Mr. Pope appeared in the character of Macbeth, and gave a very meritorious exposition of the very testing part. It was not, indeed, distinguished by any originality, either of conception or detail ; it represented in a comprehensive way the commonly adopted method of dealing with it, but it was nevertheless, a performance acceptable to the better intelligence, and conformable to the more reasonable stage requirements. He kept the audience well in mind that the character is an embodiment of a psychological abstraction, and although this was not so apparent as to enable them to forget the mechanism by which the effect was produced, the representation was far removed from the condition which would justify us in describing it as only mechanical He made clear the change which Macbeth undergoes in his progress from the state of superstitious hesitation to that of recklessness in deeds of bloodshed, and we need hardly say that whenever this separateness of different aspects of a character is preserved it infers on the part of an actor a power of analytically investigating its attributes. The murder scene, however, fell short of the awe suggesting influence it some times produce?. In this portion Mr Pope somewhat alters the arrangements usually adopted, by making Duncan's chamber in the gallery and not on the ground floor, the object of this change being apparently to pro- long the " business of the approach to the door and the exit from it. It is questionable however, if there be any advantage in this departure from the ordinary method. In the banquet scene he adopts the advice which has of late been strongly urged upon those who play the character of Macbeth, namely, to imagine the ghost of Banquo, and not to require biB actual appearance on the stage This no doubt, is a good arrangement, and helps to intensify the real ghastliness of the situation. In this scene Mr Popes acting was both expressive and intense, and it was not spoiled by any undue demonstration The scene with Lady Macbeth after the departure of the guests merits much praise, for it gave one very well the impression of a sorrowful remorse fighting vainly against an over controlling destiny. The cave scene was gone through with more than an ordinarily careful attention to its poetic meaning, and, in the fifth act the delivery of the lines beginning " Out, brief candle-" was marked by a plaintive tenderness, of which up to that point, there had not been much evidence The combat, as in the last scene of "Richard," was prolonged, to the satisfaction of those who affect much sword clashing in the main therefore, Mr Pope's Macbeth may be described as clever in being correct, finished and picturesque And this latter quality was helped by a good stage presence, and costumes both historically accurate, and in point of taste artistic. Mrs Lawrence's Lao y Macbeth had a great deal to recommend it to favourable recognition Some of the passages were delivered with much appropriate force and although she looked but little like the ideal Thane s wife and although in the sleep walking scene she was not as she should have been all dreamy and abstracted she gave altogether a very useful representation of the part, for the rest as there was no novelty in the past and no exceptional preparation in the way of scenery there is nothing further to be said than that the less conspicuous characters and the scenic particulars were useful without being strikingly excellent. The house was moderately well attended, 