The Turf. Calendar. as. the Nominations Balonne Handicaps, St George (extended). 21 Weights Balonne Handicaps. 24, 25,2B.?Glori Times Races. 25, 20. Names Races. 21), 27. Geelong Races. Feb. 1. Weights, Bourke Handicap". 7\. Weights Australian Cup and Newmarket. Handicap, Melbourne, 7, 8, 0. Launceston Races. 14\. Acceptances Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap, Melbourne. U Weights declared Sydney Gold Cup. 15\. Entries close Warwick Handicaps. 14,15, 10. Hobart Town Races. 24.? Weights declared Warwick Handicaps. Mar. 1 Entrances Randwick Maiden Plate. 1\. First forfeit Sydney Gold Cup. 6, 7. Tamworth Races. 8,- Nominations, Dalby Handicaps. 10 Acceptances, Balonne Handicaps. K Weights, Dalby Handicaps. 16.? Nominations close for Ipswich Cup, Hurdle Races, Flying Handicap, Breeders" Cup, and Grand Handicap, Ipswich. 17 Acceptances, Bourke Handicaps. 20\. General entry, Balonne Ragwort, George). 23\. Entries close, Warwick Hurdle Race. 23.? Acceptances, Warwick Handicap. ALL. 3. Weights declared Ipswich Cup, Hurdle Race, Flying Handicap, and N.A.tO. Grand Handicap, Ipswich. 4\. Weights declared Warwick Hurdle Race. 12\. Entrances Q.T.C. Handicap and Brisbane Cup. 17\. Acceptances Ipswich Cup, Hurdle Race, Fly- ing Handicap, end N.A.J.C Grand Handicap, Ipswich. 25\. General entry, Warwick Races. 25, 20. Warwick Annual Races. May 1. Entrances close Maiden Plate, Gilpin Stakes, Queensland P. and A. Association Stakes, Stewards' Cup, and Sapling Stakes, at Ipswich. 8\. General entry Ipswich Races. 10 General entry, Brisbane Races. 11, 12, M. Ipswich Races. 15\. Weight declared Brisbane Cup and QTC Handicap. 21\. Acceptances Brisbane Handicaps. 24, 20. Brisbane Races. I had no space last week to go fully into the merits and demerits of the Brisbane and Ipswich May race programmes. Somehow I never approach the subject of ipswich races, thoroughly business- like as are present arrangements, without a sigh over the glorious past of their history. They didn't go into the severe Science of racing management much in that piece twenty years ago ; there was none of that skilful laying out of programmes and conditions which is so needful now-a-days in order to attract the attention and patronage of men who race for money, and for money only. The programmes may have been most faultily constructed in those times, but what matter? Nabocklishl There was fun; there were crowds of people; there was sport, spirit, life, handsome girls and manly men. For ten days before the North Australian Jockey Club's old June meeting all would be a delicious quiver of excitement and anticipation, as the early gallops, and the visits they called for, gave a tone and a health to the frame that sustained it all through the long winter evening's "blowing" that as a matter of course followed, and was prolonged into the small hours without in the least hurting the iron constitution of the argues. And when the first day's race and its splendid sport, and savory luncheon and Veuve Cliquot (that made bright eyes still brighter), were all over, one was com- forted to think that there were two more similar days' saturnalia still in store for us. Then the third day brought with it a chastened regret that most of the cake was now eaten, and a stern resolution, fully carried out, you be sure, to make the most of what time was left; and if, perchance, the Canning Downs pink and white stripes forged to the front of Tait or Toby Ryan, the victory of the Zetland " Spots," or the Fal- mouth "Magpie" on the turf in old England, could scarcely evoke or transcend the throat splitUng yell that would greet the local triumph. And then, on the next day, we would sit on the rails outside the stockyard near the club, and "moon at the jolliest of horse sales; and serpent tongued ball punchers and shearers of the same quality would bandy lightning repartee with the "swell coves," in continuation of the same game carried on at the races. All in good humor, however, for there is, or was, a " freemasonry of the bush," where perils are shared alike between the worker and ? the employer, where both are true men and up to their duty. I have given up going to the Ipswich races for when last I used to go I did not so much see the people who were then there, as the ghosts of those who once had been there, and I could not stand it. I might go there now, but I should not see Charley Watkins, nor Heitz, nor old Meyers, nor Fattorini, nor long Frank Lucas, nor " Kent of Fassifern," "Yaldwyn of Sussex" and Taroom, nor genial " Giglamps," nor hundreds of others I could name, but will not. Some day I must write the story of " Haunted Ipswich." There are better prizes now better programmes, better management perhaps; but all that will not bring the dead to life again, nor recall The touch of a vanished hand, Or the sound of a voice that is still. John Murphy is still alive, but he is a police magistrate up in the "Never Never" Borne where. Only the evergreen Joshua Peter" remains to us of all the old host of them, and but for him Ipswich races would have suffered a still further change. Brisbane races will never to the end of time have such a classic bygone history embalmed in their archives history for ever interwoven with the happy early days and infant struggles of what is now called Queensland? as old Limestone can boast of. El man, what gorgeous saddlery and jewelled whips Chris. Gorry used to import "special" for the races ! and the three-fathom "gully rake" of the Clerk of the Ipswich Course had a workmanlike air, and a whole -no terror for the inevitable " dawg," that the dandy hunting-crop and lash of a Brisbane clerk never somehow seemed to possess. But I must, after all this outburst of sentiment, remember that this is 1877, and not 1857, and address myself to the methodical analysis of the bills of fare of the modern period. Some £2300 vf midday money should, even in these days of high prizes, draw a Crowd together, as it all has to be run for in the compass of one fortnight. The Brisbane Cup would have been better at a mile and three quarters, even as it was ten years ago. That distance would let more horses into it. A mild substitute for a Derby race is found the Mares' Produce Stakes, for three-year-olds. Derby weights and a-quarter of a mile taken in" the distance, There is no Forced Handicap, which is a drawback, and no Hurdle Race, which is a benefit. Ipswich will throw considerable light on what nominations we may expect for Brisbane Handicaps. Much the same horses will doubtless enter for both and our " fields" will all be "weeded" by the 24th of May; but it can't be helped, us the Turf Club has so fixed it. The Ipswich Maiden Plate is better garnished to suit the palate than is ours; the penalties are lower and the deduction for the second horse less. A one-mile handicap figures in each programme; it is called Epsom Handicap in Brisbane, and saying handicap in Ipswich, which latter place now, for the first time, I believe, sports its Carp the " Ipswich Cup " of 200 sovs., a mile and a half handicap. There is also that desideratum that Brisbane has neglected, viz,, a two mile weight-for-age race, in the shape of the Queensland Pastoral and Agricultural Association States This is the kind of nice to bring out 'horses office Goldsbrough, Diver, and. dagworth stamp, and should find, a place in s annual race programme is. oVfiry place with any pretensions to position. By way of making up for the absence of the timber business at Eagle Farm, therefore a couple of of Spins at it announced for Ipswich; one is a real "swell" affair, a handicap three miles over nine i feet hurdles. None but the equine haunt ton can afford to compete in this. While for the "inferior" animals there is another Belling jumping weight-for-age race, over six hurdles and two milk a, the hurdles being of the more negotiable currency of 3 feet 6 A species of mild and mixed Maribyrnong Plate, in the shape of a Breeders' Cup, for two-year and three-year-olds, at weight for age, over six furlongs, figures in the Ipswich programme, and is not by any means the least interesting feature in it, and it winds up the second day's sport. The Sapling Stakes is another of the same kind distance, etc, but does not appear to be confined to Queensland-bred horses, as in the Breeders' Plate. When Richmond won the Champion Race last year, I said that all the honor belonged to the overloaded Goldsbrough, who run second, and that Master Richmond would find it another sort of game when he in his turn, as a four- year old, with his racing weight up, mind to face his juniors by a year over three miles, The result has justified my prediction, GoldBbrough did what no four-year-old this year has done, viz., got a place in the Champion Race, The three-year-olds filled the first three places in 1877, and will continue to do so, unless another Goldsbrough. should ariBO, north weights j be readjusted for three and four year olds, Pride of the" Hills won it easily 17 fOur lengths, pull- ing hard, in 5 min. 34 secs., and must, therefore, be a good colt indeed; but I shall wait and see how he shapes with an extra 25 lbs. or be on his back, in a year's time, before I place him in my Valhalla with such as Goldsbrough. I believe he will turn out a trump, though he only won the Produce Stakes and not the Derby as well. And now, at this point, I would allude to a personal matter, and must announce that, in future, I cannot take notice, in any way, of anonymous attacks on me through the Press. I have been attacked by one writer (Mr. Bramston) on January 1, for the crime of venturing to suggest how a good secretary could be obtained for the local Turf Club; and a few days afterwards I am publicly taken to task by one " Tal Tal" for not suggesting how an efficient secretary is to be got. Now, it is quite evident that these people, making, as they do, directly opposite charges against me, cannot both be right, if either. It appears to me, then, that some of it was done for the mere sake of " nagging" at me in a spirit of mischief, and it is out of the question, therefore, for me, in future, to take notice in any way of such letters. If the secretary of any up-country meeting be of opinion that sufficient note is not made by me of training and racing matters in his district, he has only got to forward me a few memoranda of the same (as is done elsewhere), and I will in all cases give due publicity to them. I do not think there is anyone who has ever sent me any Jottings of races held in, or training notes from, his vicinity, who can complain that I " bucked" them ; but quite the contrary. Things appear to go gaily at Glen Innes : town filling, large fields entered, course in splendid order and level as a bowling-green ; the great Melbourne " arrive," and after the mile and a half affair at Wagga, who I should like to know is to say him nay in this business 1 for he never seems to run so well as when he is away from Sydney, the reason for which is beyond my ken. Sixty-six entries for the Sydney Gold Cup is an improvement on previous tmiBterings, and very few of the " quality" are absent therefrom. Javelin appears to be comfortably buried at last, and so does Priam, and it is a great relief to my mind. These two horses used to disturb me by getting entered in races for the mere purpose apparently of breaking down, getting scratched, or finishing in the ruck, or some other equally " feckless" result. When the weights appear, I fancy that Barmaid will have to figure under something over 0 St. 10 lbs., which she so easily carried to the front of the gallant Rapid Bays 9 st. on New Year's Day, in the Midsummer Handicap at Flemington, in 3 mins. 16 sees. Bully for you, Rapid Bay ! say I. Yours was the best run (ago and weight duly considered that has yet been made in that same race, Sultanas 3 min. 7 secs, notwithstanding. There is a host of rare good two miles in the Sydney Cup : Kingfisher, Timothy, Chrysolite colt, Sunlight, Sterling, Tocal, Malta, Viva, Mountaineer, Pride of the Hills, Briseis, Imperial, and Sibyl; and when, in the spaces between these, the others that I have not named come to be skilfully interspersed as to weight, the result will be a rallying point and standing dish for betting and sporting men at Easter tide that will satisfy the most gluttonous appetite for excitement. Two-mile performers are none too plentiful in all Australia (three-miles are still scarce); and when a good two-mile handicap is put before the public, it is a pity to see any one competent two miles stand out of the sun. " Every man jack of them is needed to make a real racing, betting handicap of it. 