Curious Divorce Gase. A.T tho late aittinga of the Divoroe Ceurtat Wellington ] the ease of Stauley v. Stanley was heard. Mr. Stafford appeared for the petitioner, a wife, who petitioned for a dissolution of marriage on the grounds of bigamy, coupled with adultery. The petitioner and respondent had frequent separations until March, 1872, when the respondent left rt'ellington for Melbourne. The next intimation of him waa by a letter received by Mr. Staples from a Mra Cranley in Melbourne, ashing if the respondent WBB living in Wellington. TIÜB was placed in the hands of the petitioner, and she immediately wrote to the writer of the letter, and enclosed her a portrait. In answer she got a letter stating that the writer identified tho portrait aa a like ness of a person whom she had married in Melbourne, and who proved to be the respondent. He proposed to call Mrs. Stanley, and the second wife Wary Donnelly, whom the respondent had married in Melbourne. Mary Ann Stanley, the petitioner, stated that she was married to the respondent in St. PauFB Church, Wellington, on the 14th of June, 1864; she resided in Wellington with her husband for six months, "ntilthey went to Captain Wilson's station, at Rangitikei ; they lived four months there, and for eighteen months after wards in Wellington ; she then left him, en account of his ill-treatment, drunkenness, and lazy habits; Bhe returned to him fox twelvemonths, and again left him for twelve months for the same reasons, but again lived with him for two years and a-half, when ho went to Melbourne ; from Melbourne he wrote several letter», asking her to rejoin bim, but when he returned to Wellington she declined to do so, and subsequently got a protection order. In con sequence of information she had received, she Bent to Miss Donnelly, Melbourne, her husband's por trait and some letters received from him. In one letter, received from Adelaide, he wrote: "Remember you are my first love, and my wife still.-Perhaps you are. Mary, dear, I sometimes think I have been twice mar ried." The respondent had marks on his body- a tatoo ring on the joint of the third finger of his right hand, a cross on the back of the hand, au anchor and chain on the same arm, and two flags crossed on the other arm ; proceedings had been delayed in consequence of the difficulty of finding the respondent, and to procure the presence of Miss Donnelly ; at the time of their mar riage he was a private in the Colonial Defence Force. Ellen Jane Donnelly said she had been married to the respondent at Melbourne in October, in 1872. He was then a brewer. Sh« waa then in the service of Mr. Sims, solicitor, at Brighten. She was a Roman Catholic, and he was, at hi« own wish, christened in her faith on the morning of her marriage. She left him, after living with him for six weeks, on acconnt of his ill-treatment and his lazy habits, he wanting her to keep him instead of him keeping her. He had told her he had come from Wellington, where he said he had been a partner in a brewery. On hearing reports that he had been married before, she wrote to Mr. «tapies, of Wellington, whose name abe found attached to one of his certificates of character After she separated from him hu remained in Melbourne some time, and used to annoy her at her brother's house, where she waa housekeeper. The certificate of marri age put in waa given by the prieBt directly after she was married. She was 24 j ears of age at the time of her marriage. [Witness identified the portrait, and described the tatoo marks ] John Staples, of Wellington, brewer, deposed that he knew both petitioner and respondent, the latter having worked for him. The carfce-de- visite produced was thar, of the respondent. He received the letter put in. from Melbourne, and read it to the respondent, who made no remark as to its contents. Mr. Stafford put in as portion of the evidence a voluminous correspondence addressed by the respondent to the petitioner and to Ellen Donnelly, and the mother of the latter. He read extracts from each, as showing similarity between the expressions uaed. The following was an extract fmm a letter to Mrs. Stanley, written from Newcastle : " Dear Mary,-I am going on the sea in a leaky old ship. I leave here next week with coals. But I snow that Qed will not neglect me on the deep. Oh, Mary, I have lost all my clothes, and what am I to do on the ocean. Oh, my dear good wife, pray for me, your hus band. Oh, Mary, my heart is full of love for you, the only one that ever I loved. When I think of you it makes me feel so sad. You will seo sadness stamped on my face. My thoughts have been day and night on you, my good and only love. I will pray to the great God of Heaven to bless you. Remember I have to face Him on the deep. There I shall see His watery works. I will pray to God to bless you, and you will ask Him co guard me on the deep, while you are lying on your soft pillow. Oh, Mary, I have put my faith in Him that guards me on the deep. Life has no wretched ness equal to an ill-marriage. It is the sepulchre of the heart. By the ghost of past affection and hopps gone for ever, my poor Mary, forgive me for going away, to leave you, my wife, to this world of sin. Remember that I am your husband of years. Oh, let us for the future live in happiness and peace, and in the fear of our Maker." In another to Ellen Donnelly, prior to marriage, he wrote :--" I love you with all my heart and all my soul. I ask you, could two be more fond (o enter into marriage than we are. Indeed, my own sweet rillen, this must be pure and heavenly love that God Bent from Heaven. Good-bye for the present, thou good and faithful woman. My dear Ellen 4 yours ever faithful to the end." After marriage, he wrote thus !-' I think of you too much. O, this heart will burst with love Yoa are the only woman I ever loved in my whole life. : hirty years have I kept thia heart of love, and it is bursting to share it with you. May the great God of Heaven look down upen you, and keep you happy till I see you again Ellen, my faith is in God, and all my hope is in my good, and faithful, and loving wife. I must stop this, for it hurts me." Ho writes afterwards from Auckland, calling her simply Ellen stanley.-"You Bay that I am a married man. There is some great mistake If I had been married I should not have married you. Remember you have married a respectable man. I ask you to forgive me for lifting my hand to you." He subsequently wrote to her from Fiji, sayiDg :-" Dear wife,-How often do I think of you in my midnight slumbers on the stormy sea - do I think of you, and ask God who rules the BtormB to protect both you and me. Dear, it is on the ocean that you seo God in His wrath, and then again when the cruel sea ÍB calm, how I wish I had you by my Bide¿ to tell you how I love yon, my young wife. * * I am not married to no wife but you ; you are my first and only love " The Court required that Mr. Stafford should pro duce the evidence of an expert to show whether the second marriage contracted had been in accordance with the law of that colony. Mr. Stafford was unable to do BO at once, and the case was adjourned. j During the past twelve months (a Glen Innes contemporary has been informed) the King's Plaina Hunt Olub have slaughtered 2000 kangaroos, and have forwarded one ton of skins to teat the London market. Mr. T. Vivers's favourite dog Spring killed upwards of 350 in eight months. 