THE MEETING AND ITS MIS SIONARY WORK. fBT MAX AD ELBE.) The Methodist church iu the village is doing now, as it has always done, a good aud noble work for Christianity and the cause of public mortis ; but it has not escaped the trials which are permitted sometimes to afflict the Church militant. Years ago, when the congregation was first organized, it erected a email but very pretty frame meeting-house. In tbe course of time the people became dis satisfied with the location of the house of worship ; and as they had a good offer for the site, they sold it and bought a better one in another quarter. Then they put rollers under the building, and as soon as it was off the ground the purchaser of the lbt began to build a dwelling-bouse on the site. It was slow Work' pushing the church along the street, and before they got for somebody discovered that the title of the new site was not good, and so the bargain was' annulled. The next day the brethren went plunging around town trying to hiiy another site, but nobody had one to sell ; and on the following morning the supervisors got an order from the court requiring that meeting-house to be re moved from the public street within twenty-four hours. The brethren were nearly wild about it, and they begged old Brindley to let 'them run the concern in on his vacant lot temporarily until they conld look around. But Brindley belonged to another denomination, and he said he felt that it would be wrong for him to do anything to help a church that believed folse doctrines. Then they ran the meeting house out on the turnpike beyond the town, whereupon the turnpike company notified'them that its charges would be eight dollars a day for tolL So they hauled it back again ; and while going down the hill it broke loose, plunged through the fence of Dr. Mackey's garden and brought up on top of his aSparagus- bed. He is an Episcopalian, and he sued the meeting '-for damages ; and the sheriff levied upon the -meeting- house. Tlie brethren paid the' bill and dragged the building out again. They wanted to pot it in -the court- house yard, bnt Judge Twiddler, who is a Presbyterian, sud'fihat after examining the statutes carefiflly he could find no law allowing i Methodist meeting-house to be lbcated iffi that ' plabe.- ' In despair, the brethren ran the building down to the rivershore aodfiftedit"on a huge raft of logs,Tcmiclaaing to Tie .it to .the wharf until theyco'tid! "buy a lot. But as the owner of the wharf handed them on tbe thiid'day fe bill : for twenty-five dollars for : wharfage, they took ihe boilding oitt fend anchored it iu the stream. That night a tug-boat, coming upthe river in the dark, ran half-way through the Sunday-school room,- and a Dutch brig, coming into collision with it, was drawn out with the -pulpit and three ;-of the front ' pews dangling from the j bowsprit, - The "owners , of both vessels j sued for damages, and the United States j authorities - talked of confiscating the . meetinghouse as an obstruction to navi gation. But a few days afterwards the | ice-gorge sent a flood -down die river and j broke -the building loose from its anchor. I It was subsequently washed ashore on Keyser's form ; .and he said he was willing to let it stay there at four dollars a day rent until he was reedy to plough for corn. As the cost of removing i' would have been very great, the trustees ultimately -sold it to Keyser for a barn, and -then, securibg a good -lot, they built a handsome -edifice of .stone. On the first Buodayithat the -congrega tion worshipped in the new chttrch Mr. Potts attended ; and in accordance with his custom, he placed his silk high hat jnst outside of the pew in the aisle. In a few moments Mrs. Jones entered; and as she proceeded up the aisle her abound ing skirts caught Mr. Potts's hat and rolled it nearly to the pnlpit. Mr. Potts pursued his hat with feelings of indigna tion ; and when Mrs. Jones took her - seat he walked back, brushing the hat with his sleeve. A few moments later Mrs. Hopkins came into cburch ; and as Mr. Potts had again placed his hat in the aisie, Mrs. Hopkins' skirts struck it and swept it" along about twenty feet, and left it lying on the carpet in a de moralized condition. Mr. Potts was siDging a hymn at the time, and he didn't miss it. But a moment later, when be looked over the end of the pew to see if it was safe, he was furious to perceive that it was gone. He skirmished np the aisle after it again, red in the face, and uttering sentences which were very much out of place in the sanctuary. However, he put the hat down again and deter mined to keep his aye on it, but just as he turned his head away for a moment Mrs. Smiley came iD, and Potts looked around - only in time to watch the hat being -gathered in under Mrs. Smiley's skirts and carried away by them. He started in pursuit, and just as he did so the hat must have rolled against Mrs. Smiley's ankles, for she gave a jump and screamed right out in church. When her husband asked her what, was the matter, she said there must be a dog under her dress, ;and she gave her skirts a" twist. Oat rolled Mr. Potts's hat, and Mr. Smiley, being very near-sighted, thought it was a dog; and immediately kicked it so savagely that it flew up into, the gallery and : lodged on top of the organ. Mr. Potto, perfectly frantic with rage, forgot where ; - he was, and holding his clinched fist onder Smiley's nose, he , shrieked, " Pve half a mind to ' brain you, yon scoon- . drel 1" Then he flung down his hymn. . book and rushed from the church. He went home bareheaded, and the sexton brought his humiliating hat . around after dinner. After that Mr. Potts expressed ' a purpose to go habitually to Quaker - meeting, where he could say his prayers with . his hat on his head, and where the skirts of female worshippers are smaller. Upon .a subsequent occasion Mrs, - Whistler had even a greater occasion for dissatisfaction with the sanctuary. The facts in Mrs. Whistler's case were these : Mrs. Whistler has singular absence of mind, and on the last Sunday she attended the church Dr. Dox began to read from the Scriptures the account of the Deluge. Mrs. Whistler was deeply . attentive ; and when the doctor came to the story of how it rained , for so many days and nights, she was so much absorb ed in the narrative and so strongly impressed with it that she involuntarily -put up her umbrella and held it oyer her head as she sat iu the pew. It appears that Mrs. Moody, .who tits in 'the next pew in front, frequently brings, her lap- dng to church with her ; and when Mrs. Whistler raised her umbrella suddenly, the action affected the sensibilities of Mrs. Moody's dog in such a manner that he began to bark furiously. Of course the sexton came in for the purpose of removing the animal, but it dodged into a vacant pew upon the other side of the aisle and defied him, barking vociferously til the time. Then the sexton became warm and indignant; and he flung a cane at the dog, where upon the dog flew out and bit his leg. The excitement in the church by this time, of course, was simply . dreadful Not only was the story of the Deluge interrupted, but the unregenerate Sunday- school scholars in the gallery actually hissed the dog at the sexton, and seemed to enjoy the contest exceedingly. Then Elder McGinn came after the dog with his cane, and as he pursued the animal it dashed toward the pulpit and ran up the steps in such a fierce manner that the doctor quickly mounted a chair and remarked, with anger flashing through his spectacles, that if this dis graceful scene did not soon come to an end he should dismiss the congregation. Then the elder crept softly np the stairs, and after a short struggle he .succeeded in grasping the dog by one of its hind legs. Then he walked down the aisle with it, the dog meantime yelling with supernatural energy and the Sunday- school boys making facetious remarks. Mrs. Whistler turned around, with other members of the congregation, to watch the retreating elder, and as she did- so she permitted her unconsious umbrella to' drop so that the end of one of the ribs caught Mrs. Moody's bonnet. A moment later, when she was straightening up the umbrella, the bonnet was wrenched ofij and hung dangliog from the umbrella. Mrs. Moody had become exceedingly warm, at any rate, over the onslaught made' hpon her dog, but when Mrs. Whistler removed her bonnet, she fairly boiled over ; and turning around, white with rage, she screamed. " What'd you grab that bonnet for, you wretch ! Havn't you made enough fuss in this church, to-day, skeering a poor ianocent dog; without snatching off soch bonnets as the like of you can't afford to wear;iio matter how mean yon live at home, you red-beaded lunatic, yon 1 You let my bonnet alone, or I'll hit you With this parasol, if it is in meet ing, bow mind me f - Then Mrs." Whistler, for the first time, seemed to realize that her umbrella made her conspicuous ; so- she furled it aud concluded to escape from an embarrassing position by going home. As she stepped into the hisle her enemy gave her a parting salute : " Sneaking off before tbe collection, too ! You'd better spend less for breast pins and give more to the poor heathen if you don't want to ketch it hereafter !" Then Bhe began to fan herself furi ously, and as Mrs. Whistler emerged from the front door, and 'things became calmer the doctor resumed the story of the Flood. But Mrs. Whistler has given up her pew and gone aver to the Presby terians, and there' are rumors that Mrs. Moody is going to secede also because Elder McGinn insists that she shall leave her dog at home. The Doreas and Missionary Societies of the Choich are particnluly active, hat they were somewhat discouraged a year or two ago by certain unforeseen occur rences. The ladies of tbe Dorcas Society made up a lodge quantity "of shirts, trous ers, and socks, and boxed them np and sent them to a missionary station on the west coast of Africa- A man named Hidley went out with the boxes, and stayed in Africa for several months. When be returned, the Dorcas Society, of course, was anxious to bear bow its donation was received, and Bidley one evening met tbe members and told them about it-ia fc little speech. He said ; " Well, yon know, we got. the clothes ont there ail right, and after a while we distributed them among some of tbe natives in the neighborhood. We thought maybe it would attract them to tbe mission ; bat it didn't ; and after Bome time had elapsed and not a native came to church with -the clothes on, I went ont on an exploring expedition to find ont about it It Beems that on the first day after the goods were distributed, one of tbe chiefs attempted to dress himself in a shirt He didn't exactly understand it, and pushed his legs through tbe arms and gathered the tail np around bis waist He couldn't make it stay up, however, and they eay he went around inquiring in his native tongne what sort of an idiot it was that constructed a garment that wouldn't hang on, and swearing some of the most awful heathen oaths. At last he let it drag, and that night he get his legs tangled in it somehow and fell over a precipice and was killed. " Another chief who got one on pro perly went paddling around in the dark, and tbe people, imagining he was a ghost, sacrificed fonr babies to keep off file evil spirit " And then, yon know, those trousers you sent out? Well, they fitted one pair on an idol, and then they stuffed most of the rest with leaves and set them up as a sort of new-fangled idols and began to worship them. They say that the'services were very impressive. Some of the women split a few pairs in half, and after sewing np tbe legs used them to cany yams in : anli I saw one- chief with a corduroy leg on his head as a kind of helmet. «I think, though, tbe socks were most popular. All tbe fighting-men went for them first thing. They filled them with sand and used them as boomerangs and war-dabs. I learned that tbey were so mnch pleased with the efficiency of these socks that they made a raid on a neighbouring tribe on -pur pose to try them ; and they say they knocked abont eighty women and children on the head before tbey came home. They asked me if i wonldn't speak to yon and get yon to send ont a few bar rels more, and to make tbem a little stronger, bo's they'd last longer ; and I said I would. " This society's doing a power of good to thoBe heathen, and I've no donbt if you keep right along with the work you ' will inaugurate a general war all over the continent of Africa, and give every body an Idol of his own. All they want : is enough socks and trousers. I'll take them when I go out again." Then the Dorcas passed a resolution declaring that it would, perhaps, be bet ter to let tbe heathen go naked, and give the clothes to tbe poor at home. Maybe that is tbe better way. 