THE EAST MELBOURNE CRICKET MATCH. Rwrnxn Day. — Monday. Aphix. 2. Play in this match was resumed on Monday, April 2. The weather was rather not, but the sky clear. The Governor was pn sent, and the attendance numbered, in the afternoon, about 2,500. Horan was again unable to play, and Cole tcok his place in the field. It will be re membered that both sides had finished their first innings when the stumps were drawn on Saturday, and that the home team had to begin their second innings under rather unfavourable circumstances, being 33 to the bad. Although generally the morning attendance at the Oval is very small, there were over l,5C0 on the ground when play began (with cricketers' punctuality at 11.45), as it was confidently expected that our eleven would at least reach the century — an expectation which was not destined to be ful filled, as the total score only reached 65, and the East Melbourne team won the match with 8 wickets to fall. By ill luck the fatal question 'Does Whitridge bowl or throw ?' was raised in the beginning of the East Melbourne innings, as Mr. Budd, their umpire, repeatedly no-balled him, and he was obliged to finish his over with lobs. Unfortu nately for the credit of Adelaide this decision gave rise to no little disturbance. Whereas some patriots forcibly expressed their disgust at this decision, many of those who thought 'Whitridge threw with equally bad taste cheered it. 'Whether 'Whitridge bowls or not is a ques tion which we will not here discuss; but every true cricketer must feel it a disgrace to tbe game that such a discussion should be reduced, as it is being, to mere question of party feeling. The total giving way of patriotism to mere Club feelings or to the decision of a com paratively petty question, as evinced by those who cheered 'Whitridge's discomfiture, cannot be too greatly deplored. On the other hard it was very bad taste in the spectators to openly express their doubt of the umpire's decision, more especially when that umpire was a stranger. It is to be hoped that after the All England match is played the question of 'Whit- ridge's bowling will be referred to the All Eugland cricketers and their opinion takeu as final, so that South Australian cricket may not be disturbed by the discreditable ill-feeling which has been rankling all this season. Iu all other respects the match has been a great success, and we can only re-echo the wish that it will be an annual one. Rigaud, the uot- out of the previous innings, and King were the first to undertake the defence for Adelaide against the bowling of Boyle and Allee, Cole fielding in place of Horau, and acquitting himself most ably. Rigaud took the ball from Boyle aud played a difficult over in good style, but his partner, King, deserted him the first ball of AUee's over, having put his leg before — 1 — 0 — 0— an ominous beginning. Whit ridge filled the gap and put Allee's third ball prettily to ' long-leg for 1, which would have liave been two had he been more active. On receiving the ball from Boyle Whitridge hit him to long-leg for another, and Rigaud running out to oneof Boyle's tices drove it to lonz-on for the same figure. Allee then delivered a maiden to Rigaud, and Whitridge, after giving Boyle a specimen of his favourite mid-on hit for one in Allee's next over cut him very hard, but did not obtain a run owing to Kiggall's brilliant fielding, Allee thus bowling his second maiden in succession. After several attempts to get the ball past Pasfield, Rigaud placed the last ball of Boyle's over between Pastield and Gaggin and scored one. He then cut Allee, but Wilkie stopped the ball before the bateinen could cross. Three maidens in succession followed, and then Whit ridge, who had been tempted out of his ground by several of Boyle's tices, drove one to long-off for one, and then hit the first ball of Allee's sixth over for one to mid-on. On receiving the ball from Boyle again Wliit ridfge drove him hard back, but Boyle pluckily stopped it. Rigaud and Whitridge then each got singles off Allee, and Rigaud made the first two of the innings by a high hit to deep mid on off the same bowler. Whitridge scored another off Boyle, but his career was cut short by a short-pitched ball of Allee's, which he ran out to and sent back into his hands. 2 — 7 — 12. Whitridge's seven was obtained in very good style by careful wristy play, and without a chance, although the bowling was hot all the time he was in, though he ran out too much to Boyle's last two overs. He is, however, evidently a bad judge of a run, and but for this his total might have beeu nine or ten instead of seven. At the same time the practice of bystanders shouting out to batsui-iTi to run or stand (as was done to Whilridge) is very foolish, as it is apt to flurry the batsmau and make him lose his head. Giffeu, the hero of the first innings, took Whitridge's place. After Rigaud had scored one to long on off toyle, gave Sillett a difficult chance at point off the same bowler, and then played one of his bumpy ones up, though luckily Boyle failed to reach it. Upon this Rigaud drove Allee for a single, and Giffeu stole his first run off the same over. Boyle'8 next over was not nnbroken, for Giffen snicked him for a couple, and cut him behind even the ubiquitous Pasfield for a single, while Rigaud £rove him along the carpet for another. Allee's tenth over was very fruitful. Tbe first ball Eigaud cut hard through Kyte for a single, a bye was run for the second, and Rigaud stole ?ne off the third. The fourth Giffen cut hard to point, but Allee's smart fielding saved the run. Giffen's mettle, however, was up, and the fifth went to mid-on for 2, while the last ball departed through the chains to long leg — one of the best hits of the match. The next over (Boyle's) yielded three runs — two drives for singles by Rigaud and one by Giffen. Boyle now changed ends, and not in vain, for Pasfield caught Rigaud well off his second balL 3—12—31. Rigaud was greatly cheered on returning to the pavilion, and deservedly so, for his innings was decidedly the best of his side, made as it was without the ghost of a chance. From the begin ning he got well over the ball, and showed equally good powers of offence and defence. Gibbs came to the wickets bent on retrieving his duck's egg, and after he had played the rest of the ov?r Pasfield opened with a wide (the only one bowled in the match) from Beyle's old end. Giffen then hit him hard to mid on, but Cole prevented the run by a good piece of fielding. Gibbs's fingers brought him in a 2 in Boyle's next over, the ball passiug Elliott. Paafield's next over was a maiden, and then Gibbs scored 1 off Boyle by an overthrow, Giffen following suit with a single for a drive to lou' off. Iu Pasfield?s next Giffen drove one of his balls back very hard, but uofc hard enough to prevent him from stopping it. Giffen, however, got his revenge by hitting his fifth ball, a long-hop, to mid on for 2. A bye followed, and then Boyle sent in a ball under Giffen's bat, which he put up to Allee. 4—14—39. Giffen thus again made the top score — not, however, so well as on the previous day, as he gave three cbancea, though none of them were easy. H. A. Goodeu next donned the pads, Jand began by cutting Boyle hard, though Allee smartly savej the run. Gibbs - got one from Passfield to mid on, and faring Boyle received a maiden. PasSeld's next effort was eventful. The fourth ball Gooden put prettily between long leg and longstop for 2; the fifth he cut for the same number, and the lost, a splendid ball, broke right back on him and took his wicket. S — 4 — 44. The captain was the next in order, and before he made auy Gibbs got a single, and by dexterous management of his leg another ruu was added to the score. Pasfield now saved his maiden by grandly stopping a hard drive of Gooden's. Boyle was placed by Gibbs for 2 to square leg, ana stole one more run before lunch. The Luxcn. The Hon. Jos. Fisher, M.L.C., took the chair, with Mr. Townsend, M.P.,as his vice. Mr. Fishek proposed 'The East Melbourno Eleven and their Captain,' saying that these intercolonial matches were not merely useful in a cricketing point of view, but also as conducive to kindly feeling between the colonies. He thanked the visitors for their presence, and condoled with them on the accident that had happened to Horan. He also said he did not doubt that after one or two more matches South Australia would turn the tables. Mr. WiuciK, in responding, agreed with Mr. Fisher's host remark, saying that the means to obtain this result quickly was the pos session of a good ground, as without good wickets good batsmen were hard to produce. He then proposed tho health of the South Australians, saying that though he had expected a good welcome iu Adelaide, the welcome had surpassed his utmost expectations. Mr. Gooden responded in a few suitable words, and some humorous remarks from Mr. Townsend formed an appropriatti ending to the convivialities. On play being resumed Gibbs stood up to Pasfield and gave Allee a chuuee at point off the first ball. To make up for this, however, Allee caught him splendidly off the next ball. 6—7 — 50. Before Phillips, the next man, could score, J. E. Gooden was dismissed by one of Pasfield's unplayables, 7-1— 50. Wallace, tho ' gallery-man,' succeeded, and after bitting Pas field to long leg for two was missed by Boylo at long {on— ft rather hard catch off the same bowler. Phillips also gave a chance from Pasfield, having run out to a short-pitched ball, but though tho chance was easy Elliot fumbled the ball and failed to stump him. Phillip* then scored one, after which Pasfield dismissed Wallace with a long hop, which broke all acrosn his wicket — 8 — 3 — 24— and Barnes filled the vacancy. Phillips soon after lashed in to one of Pasfield's; in vain, though, for Allee's quick eye saw it, and he stopped the ball splendidly. He at last got another run — a drive — and then Barnes drove Pasfield to long off for 3 — a fine hit—but the last ball of the over caused Phillips to retire. 8—2—59. Bevan, the last man, looked on while Barnes sli]i|-ed Boyle for 0110, cut Pasfield for 2, aud then hit him for another double to deep long-on, a uice piece of play. Bevan slipped one of Boyle's, and soon after a sharp piece of fielding of Cole's, and hesitation in running, brought Bevan's wicket to the ground. 10—1—65. Barnes was thus left not out with a freely and well-made 8, which did him great credit. The butting, taken a« a whole, was an improvement on the hist iuning*, as ihere were fewer chances given than on Saturday, and Pasfield's bowling waa at times quite unplayable. He has a curious action— a furious run sometimes terminating iu a cannouball, at others in a medium pace or slow, it being impossible for the batsman to foretell which he is going to be treated to. The fielding of the Victorians was again splendid, th«« placing of the men doing the greatest credit to Captain Wilkie. Pasfield, Allee, and Elliott again took the palm in this department. The Governor arrived ou the ground at a quarter to 3, being loudly cheered, and directly afterwards Boyle and G.ig-?in went to thf wickets to the bowling of King, who led off from the north end to the former— Whitridge. King's maiden was spoilt by a fine cut from Boyle, which although splendidly fieldod by Phillips, was badly thrown in and missed by Wallace. Two were run for overtlirow. Whit ridge cow went on to bowl, and as ho wok no-bulled by Mr. Budd four tiuicH running, amidst cheers derisive nud othorwiHf, finished his over with underhiiud bull* which were of course unmercifully hit about. In all teu runs were obtained from this over. King bowled a maiden, and Bevan went on ut Mr. Budd's end. Gnggin and Boyle each scored one from the first two balls, Tloylo being badly missed by J. E. Gooden off King. Bevan bowled a mniden to Gaggiu, who evidently did not relish it. Iu King's next over Boyle, in trying to cut a rather wide ball, put it into Phillips'' hands at third man. 1—13—20. Elliott joined Gaggiu, who got Bevan away to long on for 2. Elliott then cut King prettily for a like number and, after Bevan had bowlo.l another maiden to Gaggin, put King to mid 0.1 for another brace. After this lievan bowlel another maiden, his bumpy balls seeming to force Gtiggin back. Elliott and Gaggin each scored a single from King's next — the one a cut, and the other to niid-ou ; but Bevan in his sixth over bowled Gaggin, whom he liau mucn puzzlea all along, the ball rolling from his bat into hit* wicket. 2—5—28. Healey became Elliott's pjirtner, and Barnes relieved King to see hi.i first ball sent to long leg by Elliott for 3. Elliott then cut Bevan for one. The ball was well stopped by H. Gooden, but badly thrown in, a wicket being thus thrown away. Not long after Elliott made the winning hit — one in the slipx off Barnes. As it had been decided that the game should be continued till 5 o'clock in order to give tho spectators their money's worth, play went on interruption. Each batsman drove Bevan for a single; and Barnes bawled a maiden to Healey, whose play is very cautious. EUi-Jtt cut Bevan for I, and after a bye had been run lie Ucy mw\\\,\ 1 at mid on off Bui'uch'h lust ball ami received a maiden from Bevan. Barnes was iigiin duaieJ out of his maiden, for Elliott hit his* lint ball to mid ou for a single. Elliott tipped Bevan'!) first ball, and Wallace caught him neatly, but owing to Mr. Budd not seeiup it the butauiau was allowed to remain. His life was not much good to him, fof Wallace hud him hard and fast next ball. 3— 13—30. Al^e« sallied forth and took the rest of the over— a raai'^a— without scoring. Barnes's over raised the scori! by a single to each batsmen, aud .Barnes iniHfiog Healey for an easy chance off Bevan another single was run. Barnes bowled two maidens, while Healey made one, and Allee a cut for $5 off Bevan. Phillips now fielded a hard cut of Healey's very smartly, snving the run, aud Allee skyed Bevan over his head for 1. H« then stood up to Barnen, aud drove him to th« off for 2. Bevan trundled a maiden, and Rigaud took the ball from Barnes at the north end. The change was a success, for after Alice h.ul ait Rigaud for 2 he played a t-ill one into Whitridge's hnuds at point. 4 — 9—50. The tail end of the Victorians now came in, and wait cut off at the stump as rapidly as on Saturday, for after Henley had cut Bevan for 2, a leg Lyf shaqjly ruu, and a maiden from Rigaud, Bfcvan commenced his onslaught. Paflficld, fliM first to go, ran out to one of Bevan's tices, and whs well caught by GiLbs. 5— 0—53. Kyte tried to defend Pasfield's wicktit, but was well caught by H. A. Goodeu off the oetond ball he had. (0—0— 53.) Ri^ull, ' tho light of othor days,' shone in his place, and lettiutf out at his first ball was extinguUhod by Whitridge— a very sharp catch. (7—0— -53.) Sillett played the 'ast two without scoring, Bevan hiving thus bowled a maiden ovor, in which be scored no lew than three wickets— % brilliant performance. Sillett then spoonod Rigaud between slip and point, aud ;w there w«w no man made oiip, but running out to Bevan's third ballsloggedittodeeplougon.wherePhillips by pood rakulationjand activityjhcld him. (8—1 —55.) Time being called the stumps were drawn, Healey remaining not out for 6, the result of seme good defensive play. Cheers were th»:ii given for everybody, including Mr. Budd and Mr. Whitridge, and the crowd dispersed. The fielding in the second innings won a great improvement on that in the first, the field being to our mind better placed. Wallace was excel lent at the wickets, Phillips brilliant through out, while H. A. Gooden, Giffen, and Whitridge also distinguished themselves. A glace at Bevac'H analysis, six wickets for 15 runs, will speak forth* efficiency of his bowling. The Victorians could not keep down his screws, which in most cases drove them back. King did not fulfil the promise of Saturday, and owing to Wliit ridge'a going on at Mr. Kudd's end our premier bowler had no chance of displaying hia skill. The match did not thus prove such a ono sided contest after all. Had the fielding been up to the mark in the first imiinjt there is no reason why it nhotild not Lve been cloaer, though tad }*«™*™ able to bat the telegraph would probably teld a .till sadder tale than it actually did. Tie East Melbourne team have won golden opinions from all with whom they have conn, i« contact, and will, we are sure, be welcomed a* old frieudB next time they visit Adelaide. MeKsrs. C. Forrester and C. W. Wren kept the score throughout the match. Appended is the full score of the match :— __ corTE achtealian Ashociatiox.— EIrst Inning r*t.tain J K. Gooden: Umpire, Mr. 8. Toms. W. a Whitridge. 1, 1, 1, 1, 1. 1, 1, a Elliott, t-. F kJij|. 1, ii 1. *? *- -Boyle '. ? * C. V. Giub«, c. Allee, b. Boyle ... ... ?? 0 G Olffcn, 1, 4, 1, 1, 2. 2, 1, 2, 1, 1, c and 1). Boyle 1U E.' -i. rhilUpK. I, b. Wilkle ? J J. E. -;ooden, 1. 2, 4, b. Wilkie ? 7 H. A. Gooden, 1, 2, 4, run out ? ??? 7 K A. Wallace, 4, c. Alien. 1-. Boyle ? ? K. llarncK, 1, 1, 3, 1, «t. Elliott, b. Allue ... ... « S. Eigaud, 1, not out ... ? ??? 1 - '3 Bevan, 1, 2, b. Allee ... ... ... ;. 3 Extras... ... ... „ : ™ \\\\\ 7~. 0 : Total ? ? ? ^ ' Bowling Analysis. ' ? ,? ? Balls. -Runs. Maidens. Wickets. H. Bojle; .,, ... 30 is 7 5 D. Wilkie ... ... (56 23 3 1 T. PasBeld ? 12 11 — — C. G. Allee ? 7 4 — 2 N.B. — Although this is a three-tLiy3' match, the captains agreed that each over should contain six balls. East Melbourne Club. — Fiist Innings. Captain, D. Wilkie ; Umpire, Mr. iJudd. W. Gsggin, 1, st Wallace, b. Bevan ? I T. Horan. retired hurt ? 0 E. Elliott. 1, 2, 1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1, 1, 2, 4, b. King ? 23 H. Boyle, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 1, 1, run oat ... 15 Dan. Wilkie, 1, 1, 1. 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1 2, 2, c Rigaud, b. King ? ? 16 C. G. Allee, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, b. King ? 12 T. PaBfield, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1, 1, b. Kin? ? 7 J. Healey, 2, c. Bevan, b. Wbitridge ? 2 W. Riggall, b. King ? 0 It Sillett, not out ? 0 H. Kite, run out ? 0 Byes 7, leg-bye 1 ? 8 Total ? 89 Bowliug Analysis. Balls Runs. Mdns. Wkts. W. O. Whitridge ... 77 21 1 1 J. Bevan ? 68 24 2 1 O. Giifen ? 4S 24 — - F. King ? 54 12 3 5 Sorm Australians. S. Rigaud, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1, 1, 1,1, 1, 1, l, c. PasfieH, b. Boyle ? 12 ¥. King, l.b.w.,b. Allee ? 0 W. O. Whitriiige, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, I. c. and b. Allee 7 G. Oiffen, 1. 2, 1, 2, 4, 1, 1, 2, c. Allee, b. Boyle :.. 14 C. H. Gibbs, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, c. Allee, b. Boyle ... 7 H. A. Gootlen, 2, 2, b. PasBeld ? 4 J. E. Gooden, 1, b. Pasfield ? 1 E. G. Phillips. 1, 1, b. PasBeld ? 2 S. A. Wallace, 2, 1, b. Pasfield ? 3 R. Barnes, 3, 1, 2, 2, not out ? S J. Bevan, 1, run out ? 1 Byes, 1, 1, 1=3 ; leg-byes, 1, 1=2 ; wide, 1 ... 6 Total ? 65 Bowling Analysis. Bla. Runs. Mdns. Wkts. Wides. II. Boyle ? 144 23 10 3 — C. G. Allee ? CO 10 5 2 — T. Pasfield „. ... 74 20 4 4 1 East Melbourne. W. Gagzin, 1, 1, 2, 1, b. Bevan ? 5 H. Boyle, 2, 4, 2, 2, 1, 1, 1, c. Pliillips, b. King ... 13 E. Elliott, 2. 2, 1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, c Wallace, b. Bevan ? 13 J. Healey. 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, not out ? 6 C. G. Allee, 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 2,c. Whitridge, b. Eigaud 9 T. Pasfield, c. Gibbs, b. Bevan ? 0 H. Kyte, a H. A. Gooden, b. Bevan ? 0 W. Riggall, c. AVhitridge, b. Bevan ? 0 R. Sillett, 1. c. Phillips, b. Bevan ? 1 Bye 1, leg-byes 3, no balls 4 ? 8 Total for eight wickets ? 55 Bowling Analysis. Bis. Runs. Mdns. Wkts. No balL F. King ? 42 9 2 1 — W.O. Whitridge... « 10 — — 4 J. Bevan ? 105 15 8 8 — R. Barnes ? 54 10 3 — — S. Rigaud ? IS 3 1 J — 