NOTES BY A.PEBEGRINATOE. . A THoronTFin. wayfarer may find food ^for reflection in the ^eaent^onditioh of Agricul ture and farming stock in the'southerh districts. The severity of the drought has fallen heaviest upon; the :country lying between the Main Bange .and the coast. This area is not the only one which lies aridly, under. the: glare of sun light, whichis merciless in its persistency; other districts have suffered, but 'less severely. . All over the Upper Logan and "West Moreton the prolonged absence, of rain is causing a deplorable stagnation of farming operations'and heavy losses in stock.:! A.few journeys.about the country enable a.m&mto; realise,by- ocular evi dence, the terrible severity of the calamity which now threatens these districts. . Duty, or inclination, has lately led me over the hills and plains. Ruralising is delectable: enough under favourable conditions; any good nstared man will enjoy himself amid! country: scenes if neither work nor care be pressing,1 and nature be; clad in the; enchanting robes:, of verdure. But just the lack of fresh verdure has a withering effecb^h the traveller's feelings. .Driving: is an exercise which does not require, either manual, or mental exertion/. Give: an observant man a reliable , nag, and hemay look about him as he. progresses on his journey". Nature has always somethings to;. present: worthy of his notice;.and man's methoda of dealing with nature are full of interest rBoad making is, for instance, :a common aiid; fruitful topic for reflection by a lone traveller, or for discussion when men travel in company. • Men talk a great deal .of bunkum; about road-, making. As soon as a dozen settlers locate in •an out-of-the-way place .they expect :a road.to 1 he made to, their doors by'some magical process I ; of official legerdemain.. All.the'numerous inter?: I fiectmg.and branching roads of ;.a new: country, cannot bo formed in a year. If the labour were.; available, the.money for.: wages isnot.; I think ; the colony as a whole has .done .wonders in the matter of'road • making.; ,But;to.iny unscien tific eye it does sometiaies.look as.if.the.money which is expended 'is riot" laid out* to the very beat advantage, nor; ori;ltKe?worstTpdrtsof'the .roads.1 I have travelled over -many hundreds of milesof Queensland-roads, and I ■think a | marveUous'amoant.pf ,work has been dpneiri a*! comparatively short,time. But.there aire defects liero.and thersV'..For instance^along .thenar-, wick road, ,leading, from Ipswich through the Reserve, via Peak Mountain school andMilora, all the' iculverts' h'avo s. been . constructed .'on the plau^of laying .'the floor in a parallel line with the* road instead .of transversely ; tho' resultis that*on several of the culverts betweeii. Churchill and the' Peak Mountain Hotel, there aro gaps in which a-buggy wheel might easily becompletely locked'; tho:openings are,.just large enough' for the wheel of a light vehicle f ;-once in, there would be little chanco of . escape without" an accident.' Nearly all th'e.culverta along i this road require ..immediate attention; in 'the! meantime, any driverwho/may, be' ■overtaken by darkness fnusfc be- careful that he' does not. get a wheel wrenched, off.. The same' •plan of ;laying the, timber lengthwise on,the line 'of- the road prevailed on the Toowoomba road. Inever saw.it oxcept in,, the!,Ipswich district.' I hope never, to etip it again.';. It', is .a bad - anddangerousBystonj, for 'tho'. hardest", wood will sooner of later.eithor decay or wear out, and then the peril begins.. Considerable improvements nave ,oeen mado on' this .road.during tho, last ,lwo -years.. I would .suggest that tbenoxt scene of .operations be on tjjo Sand- hill, after turning the.corner. of Green's paddock. This is a yileatretcVof road in either wot or dry ,weather. "VThat awretchod bit-of. country .it passes jhrough! ButVone soon roaches theJmore .fertile^ black soil.- As, tho traveller! proceeds he ..passes'the ruins.of houses which have a most incongruous look in a comparatively. newly?peopled country.; They are mostly tHo idUapidatcd'.homestQads of worked-butcotton-growers.^Neverdidprotec-. tion prove completer, foilure than .,when its generous rogis;.wos, thrown !bver the co'ttonjn-; dustry. At the present moment therfertile land on-l this line of road is 'drear- and dosolate.—The grass is brown,.fiavburlessj'^and dovoid^of. succulency and nutrition.-^ Thei-wee patches of' cultivation are spftrsely.coyered -with a stunted growth cf sickly verdure. Never ablo ;to develop into etaturo fit for a Bcytho.swnthj.tho' starving cattlehave-beeni turned iniocrop'it off as j temporary! herbage.i~=The farms,'which"* are mainly; occupied as dairy.'.pasturagesi 'are brown and bare as the highway. Waterholes are exhausted. Languid cows drag their flesh less and lankf bodies about in (painful effort* to'discover a tuft of: crisp herbage.: I marvel at the tenacity with ■which the subtle life-force is. held. within those attenuated frames by: the tough and-'shrunken hides. . Now and then I pass a dairyman's, falob of stock whose listless.locomotion denotes ameck and lethargic submission. to the inevitable, which conveys the impression that these somnolent cattle have: an; overpowering conviotion that there isno appeal against fate. .^Already many of them look as if; they, were, fully prepared to lie dowh and • give upthe ghost, regardless of what might be -the next phase in. the transmigration of their psychological identities.' On- enquiry, T learn that these 'strollers have daily to perform their slow and solemn inarch of. several miles to a watering-place.-' In;some.cases, in different parts of ^Vest Moreton, a daily itinerancy of .four, six; and,-in not a few cases, eight miles, haai-fo-be ^'accomplished i-by! miserable cattle, just- tO;:g©t, a. drink. ;• There -is only one thing moro irritating. to an industrious man than forced inactivity at a time when a season's labour of; tillage, must bo.dono' or lost; that other thing is, the-loss of labour,- and' seed too, when the anticipated harvest mocks 'effort and hope by. its snmlinesa.; ,- But if,-while the young •wheat and barley! dwindle'after-reaching * growth of a few inches, the - indurated' soil offers- a stubborn resistance to; the. sharpened ploughshare, who-can .wonder- if the baffled farmer declaim .against an:.unkindly climate and an adverse fate? But is the-present ;disaster/to be .wholly, debited to the account of an unaccommodating climate ? I do not think so. I learn also that many-of the farmers aro desirous that the Government or the parsons should appoint aday of humiiiatioif and pray er. I respect the religious sentiments which induce the desire; but I suspect there is some selfish-' ness mixed up:with the motive.' People have no right to': depend upon' Divine power for what they cau do for themselves. Iadrait they they cannot control1 natural1 laws, but1 they ;have the power to utilise natural resources for their own benefit. \- In the first place the farmers: should recog nise the fact that in this colony they prosecute their work under, totally different climatic con i.ditions to those -untier'.which 'similar; work is ! done in Great BriteinV'W'e are liable to'greater extremes of rain or drought. This fact should influence operations. Drought ia not the rule, bat plenty of rain ia. If, during the abundance of rain a year ago, ample reservoirs had retained some of the surplus water, }we should-have i had less . complaining ::now. -~:-'The: samel! economic rulelapplies to forage.'--There is not one-farmer in ten who stores a stack of hay for a. possible time .of scarcity.'; - So'long as men neglect the simplest conditions of self-protect tion.they, have no right to fret and inurmnr when visited by , the effects of their own negli gence! ,..It:nrasfc also be taken into considera tion.that nearly every dairy farmer has double* . or treble the number- of cattle whioh his land is' capable,-of sustaining, except in ra :time of 'abundant/ natural 'cultivated herbage'and .fodder. If it be true that "God helps-those :whO; help - themselves," there is a -danger of Divine -help; being withheld' at this "'trying juncture. In any case I hope the farmers will occupy n little of their forced leisure in making j dams against the ruin does come, but even in I this . respect I see, near Milora, the -Go-'I vernment has . .been ueneronslvi' dnini* 1 this: sort- of work for the farmers: ■ What ? How paternally kind Government is It not onlyraakes roads, but is required aW'to'.m&ke.; reservoirs -for storing water.' for'"the -conve nience of farmers.': Well did bluff Pam* say the other .day, in.thoiissemblyy that-" people are so accustomed to Government-assistance that they could not get on.without it."-; —: I passed Blue Mountain Crossing. , Agood deal has been said- ib-the'letters 'ofr cor respondents to p&pere; about the-progress of this place. , Well, it :has progressed—Boihe! but, seeing, that th'erewasa pub not more than a mile.or a mile and "a^half awayt*I do .not-:8ee ""the1 need; for ;;the,l. .second. ;v I suppose1 r theihv'.must; '.be; "some". ;popula tion hot far'off, for the two publicans and tho two storekeepers could n6t live on'eacKofher a custom.; And Sir. Whitehead must , gather,'a ; few.yoxuigsters.'to the.State School,' or his oc .•cupatipnth'ero would soon terminate. - ;I could see but two or. three houses, besides the publio (houses and tho stores:' There; is. also a heat, little chhTch bolpngiDg ip' the Congregational body.: jWhatan amount of agitation has. gone on.urouhd^ere rMpectihg thc.Mt© ofithe pro posed niIway'BUtion«''V.Thon*m'n6thihg like ; having time by thd; forelock^ but I fear the .agitation will tiro out the agitators' before the railway is made ;^but any source of excitement must bo/ welcome ainid; this rural quiet. Speaking of therailway reminds me of a jocular remark made'by one, of the.'oldest settlers; at •Milora., Ho has a hide. garden and orchard— the best, he says in the neighbourhood; . so .'the surveyors1, marked the iin6 directly .through it I (believe there was some_ fruit, on the trees at the time of survey. " . r'.". ".. .•JBart.ey. Sowing.^-" There is probably, (says a correspondent of a New .York paper), no land better suited to barley than a corn-field if the soil is rich enough, whether ploughed or merely cultivated and harrowed. " If not ploughed the .land cf couree is not to be hard and weedy.. In such (^se it should bo broken up and cultivator :and harrow used to reduce it.;. If • the soil is loose and;works up .Hiellbw; by passing the cultivator th'rough it, it will be better to ao this .than to plough it.' , Merely harrowing; I have, known to'do better than ploughing, both tried ; in the same field; and if thejop soil is incllow and tho soil immediately below wefc amlr com .pactVas.is sometimes the case, especially in clay land,- it. would-be a foplhardy.act to turn up this-wet tenacious earth,' find bury the mellow soil.:/ On the- barrow and: hot.thecplbugH' or cultivator should be used." f It'should be held in' mindthat what is wahted.with'bafley is a thoroughly - triellbw: se^-bed'r and this; in fall .ploiighod lands, or after a hoed crop, if clean and capable of being made mellow by harrow or cultivator and harrow, should be pnt f~ early as the ground will permit* 