iiMiiiTTanpi n i'i <ifl<i -i ffrf n.T,gna*^WMgaB-aT TELEGRAMS.T" (From, our own (Jorreapondente,)' ? i ( . ADELAIDE Pepember 8.. Mr. R, J, Turner, S.M., of Mount Gaiobier, goes to Strath^lbyn, and .Mr., O'Halloran takes hisplaoe.' v': k'l i - Mr. Scott vat elected .tyayor by a majority of 720 over. Mr'i .feui&^'MrVfiaphael was eleoted Uounoillor for Grey Ward. Mr. Wigley was eleoted Mayor of. Glenelg; and Mr. Glyde was eleojed .Mayor qi ^Kensington. A large steamer, with only the foremast 'standing,' was lighted off Cape Borda. , The mail BteamerpTanjore and, Siam. we^e 'at. Glenelg on Saturday. The Tanjoretook answers tojhe^iam's letters, . -i , ,; ? H.M.S. Wolveriue'arrived at the Semaphore on Sunday.' ., ." ;. ... . A mob of pattle belonging to Mr, Hughes readied Melrose; from Queensland, ; suffering fropi serious diseases, .'audi thirty or forty died on.the/way. f .!? . ,? . -. ....: " -A. 1 concourse of people followed the re> ifflknB, pf Mr.. Overeud, the railway, oontraotor, who .died suddenly.-, . i ,Giffen played, the,, flues tinuingsever seen on theoyal,,, He^cpredD?. 1. . -! i !. . The English papers give great praise to South Australia, fpr being (the first.British .colony to send £2,000 to thq< Indian Famine, Fund. I,t is reported: that Mr. Clarke, the hydraulio engineer, .favors, underground;drainage, as in Sydney.: , ? v . December^ ' The Oity Members'Jblave presented the Cor poration with'a Bilver drinking cup. The Indian Famine Committee have remitted £8,000 more to Madras. . . , '. The emigrant ships Rodneyand Queen of Nations have arrived, bringing two hundred domestio servants. A shepherd, name .unknown, ' has been missing for several days from Eudundai, l! The Chief Juatite has granted bail toBuoke. The! eldest; sou of Mr. Kaines,wlue merchant, died aboard the St. Vincent.' The Counoil of Education have negatived Mr. Parsons' resolutions respecting the use of school* i rooms for religious purposes. ' Mr. Overend's body has been taken to Mel> bourne. ? , >. /-. ' MELBOURNE, Deoember 3, A Payment of Members Bill will be passed through all its stages in the Assembly on Tues day. n v " :i rv The Eailway Bill will not be aban doned, as originally intended, but will tbe returned to the Qou^oil with a view of" a, con. ferenoe, so as to procure a compromise if pos sible; . ? ' ' Palmer has issued the writs against the members of the Council for illegally holding their seats, A steamer' will probably be giveu for the conveyance of salmon ova to'CHppsland rivers. In the city crioket rnatoh on Saturday, Eich m<kid scored 131, and M^ourne hud three wickets down for '32. They' have to get 77'to win,; 1 . " . ., / Deoember 4. A preliminary meeting has been held at the Atheneeum Hall of persons opposed to payment of members. There was a large number present', and great interest was manifested in the pro* ceediugs. Mr, Wisewould- wbb voted to the ohair." Mr. Robert Harper moved the first re solution. "That the Oounoil and Assembly be approached by) petition against payment of members aud that a committee be formed a^. once .for the purpose.'' He suggested the formation of au anti-payment of members sooiety to work up to the time of the next general eleotion. Dr. Embling seconded tl\e motion, whioh was oarried. It is considered that the. writs against the members,6f;the Legislative'OoUrioil will oome to nothing. . I ? SYDNEY, December 3. Mr, Moriarty, Engineer-iu-Ohief of Harbors and Elvers, is engaged in making a surrey; for the upper Nepean water shed recommended- by Mr. Clarke. "When'the details of the designs for the various aqueduots, tunnels, and canals are completed, tenders-will be called for the construction of a railway from Albury to Wagga Wagga, a dis< tance of 57 miles. Harold Gray, formerly connected with the press of Victoria, and known here under the nom deplume of "Pilgrim," is now out on bail, he having been charged with stealing a watch, He has also been charged with slander by Jjouis Wein; the oaffc-keeper. The cases are ;ad>; journed. :a ! :'<? " December 4'. -u .'A diabolical ruffian'stabbed a girl of 15 in tlte1 Belmore Gardens on Saturday night, and subse quently, in another part of the city, stabbejl ,a, woman. The .police, are searching for the mis*' creant.:-. ....!.: , .i I . The ohief officer, of . the Maid of Judalj reports that on November 20, in longitude; 1^1° east, latitude 40' south;-lie saw a sea-serpent-17 pft.1 long, with the head of a snake and a slight body. The tail was seen plainly. . . : V. THERE is now on yiew at Mr. Wendt's sliop, Oommeroiitl-street, the oups seleoted by the win ners of the three leading prizes at the last Ploughing Match of the Mount Gatnbier Agri cultural Sooiety. The Champion Cup takes*the form of a very elegant tea and coffee service, and is insoribed with the name of Mr. James MoArthur. Mr. J. Melntyre's name is on one very pretty'silver oup, as being the winner, with the double plough, and Mr; J. Simpson's iq on another, he having won with the single plough. SINCE our last we have received 5s, for the Indian Famine Ifund from Mr. Joachiru Laqge. THERE was a slight break in the weather yesterday. During the day several slight showers fell. More is anxiously hoped for. 1 THE weather was rough in MaoDonnell Bay on Saturday, and all that could be dono was to discharge the Penola. She had to sail.without'a; large lot of wool, ready for her. The steamers will sail on their advertised dates this week, INSTITUTE AND TKLEQUAPIIIO KEQUIRE MENTS IN TUB SOUTH-EAST.-Messrs. Hardy | and Wigloy, M.P.'s, interviewed tho Minister | of Education (Hon. N. Blyth), on Tuesday morning, November 27, on behalf of their constituents, ' vvit.li a viow of representing v^'ioijB wants at Robe and tho surrounding j djptvjfif;. ^ jjiojpoi'iul was in the first instance | presented frorfl trijoteps, officers, and moinbors of Boba lustitiito, setting forth that the In 1 -Mtuto property, among other improvements, 1 * uow fence, which tho local authori-, required « erect in tho present con/ ties woro unablo -'an appeared from a document that tho public of Robe, '' commencement of the buildings, had contri buted £4,678, and that the toteyl amount of Government grants received up to the present ditiou of their finances. It u." time was £978, leaving £090 odd still due, Tho memorialists guaranteed that any addi tional sum grautud by the Government should' he expended solely upon fencing the land ahd improving the building, and suggested that for these purposes £500 might be handed over. The deputation also directed Mr. Blyth's tentiou to sundry inconveniences resulting from the non-completion of the telegraph lino from Border Town to Narracoorte, which had been promised some tirne pinpe., M,r. Hardy ' Bald he understood that1 the main reason of the Work not having been proceeded'with last year "Wft8_.that the requisite material was not in the colony. This obstaole, howover, had now been removed, and he wns iuformed .that the only difficulty whioh now presented itself was the uncertainty which prevailed as to whether the Border Towu Railway would bo proceeded with. The residents of Tatiaru generally felt the want of telegraphic facilities, aud tho deputation hoped that tho work would bo attended to in dependently of the railway. Mr. Myth pro mised to look further into both matters. In reference to tho Robo Institute he would be fore taking definite action ascertain how much under tho ordinary regulations as to sub sidies would be due. As to the telegraph he would without delay see the Superintendent of Telegraphs, aud if possible have the work carried out'-- Register. WE have reoeived No. 2 of the Jerilderio and Uraiia, Qazclte, the latest addition to the jour nalism of New South Wales. It is well got up and smartly written, several of the articles, if we mistake not, being from the pen of our old friend "Chatjelherault." We wish the Gazette suocess.' THE NEW STATE SOHOOL.-The contractor for the new' State school is now putting the finishing touches on his contraot, which will be coin'y}&ed; in p, few days. There is still a good dial fit outside work to be done, but everything is sufficiently forward for the school being opened after the Christinas holidays. ABSOLUTION IN AFOSTOLIO TIMES.-Iu the Institute Hall on Sunday evening last, before a good congregation, Mr. B. Woolcock delivered a sermon on " Absolution in Apostolio Times," basing his remarks on the words of John xx. 22 and 23-"He'breathed on them,'and said unto them, ' Eeceive ye the Holy Ghost.' Whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whosoever sins ye retain they are retained.'" In the course of his remarks he pointed out that in the days of the Apostles the people had no difficulty in understanding God's plan of salvation and accepting it j and having accepted it they had no doubt whatever of their acceptance with God, That perfect knowledge of their acceptance was not revealed to them by either angel, vision, or miracle, but by their availing themselves of the only means of pardon stated in the Bible. In the text we bad the reason given why neither angel, vision, or miracle made known to the disciples their foe ? giveness-these apostles were appointed to the work. It was a wonder that these words bad, not received more attention from Protestants than they had. It was a passage that was understood \ very badly, it at ail. and yet'it was one of the plainest' passages of Holy Scripture. The pardon of sins could be obtained now in the same way as in the days of the Apostles. Dr. Luke in -Aots ii. showed very clearly the means. There St, Peter, spoke of re mission of sins and laid down the groundwork upon whioh we may obtain it. He preaohed Jesus and offered pardon through the name of Jesus.' But he tola the people also the actual means by whioh they could obtain possession of pardon, "Kepent, ? he said, "ana be baptised, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and ye. shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.", This was, thq ex planation of the commission in the text. Mr. wooloook concluded by reading several,eajtraots from, the ,writings of oelebrated divines,, which went to show that "baptism administered'to real penitents was a means, as .well as evidence, of obtaining pardon of sius." THE Mayor, Councillors, and Auditors elected last week for the Corporation Oounuil web sworn ill on Monday afternoon by Councillors Wyatt and "\Vilson. After the ceremony - » special meeting was held, at which the resignation of Henry. Blaokraore as Foreman of Works was acc?pkd. A resolution was passed that applica» tions far the vacant ottice should be called for next mdetlug of .the Couiicil. FLOWER' SHOW.-At the monthly ineetiug pf i the Mount Gambier Agricultural and Horti cultural Society on. Saturday it was decided to hold the December Flower Show on the 20th inst. The same prize-list and regulations as at last December Show were adopted without amendment. MAGISTERIAL CHANGES.-Our telegrams in timate that Mr. R. J. Turner, who has so long filled the position of Stipendiary Magistrate in this district, has been appointed, to a similar Soaition in the Strathalbvn district. Mr, 'Halioran, S. M,, takes Mr. Turner's place here. Family reasons have induced Mr. Turner to avail himself of the change offered to him through the death of Mr., Castle. Mr. O'Holloran is the youngest Special Magistrate in South Australia. " A "Bow,"-On Monday afternoon some sensa-.' tion was caused by a horse attached to a cart 'bolting down Commercial-street. It started from tnear the premises of Messrs, N. A. Lord and Co., aud managed to steal- its my clear till 'opposite Mr. Engelbrecht's store. There it brought the wheel of the cart into contaot with the wheel .of a'buggy in which Mrs. R. J, Tumor and her daughter were seated. The cart wheel struck the buggysvheel ./air ou the tier, the oollisiou capsizing the cart and throwing the horse, which was then secured.- Mrs. Turner, who is' in very delicate health, got Buch a shock that she had to be lifted into.Mr. Engelbrecht'B for a' short time, but soon recovered sufficiently to be driven home, The buggy was consider* ably damaged. The horse ana cart belonged to Mv.W. Hirth, who was too intoxicated to look after his property. NARROW ESCAPE.-A son of Corporal Field employed at the Telegraph Office, had a narrow escape on Monday afternoon, He had mounted ahorsewhioh the children were in the habit of riding, when front some unexplained cause, the [ animal started buckjug. The iioy 'was soon thrown, but his foot stuck in .the stirrup. He was carried round the: yard.thi'eo times by the* frjghtened horse, his head and shoulder bumping oii, the gt'bund. i When;' reKase'i it wks found ' that his lieaU was muoh ciit'and1 lift!sh'oulffer and arhi' tbruised. No serious . c'onsdquendfesjyhow We'rj'arei feartfd. ...> b-'i'f '? MR. JOHN SiNCi/AiK, saddler, had'ayrAlshap on Saturday.' ? ;VViiilo riding, his^ho't^fi 'became reBtiv^j and threw 'him on the ,Mac'Dbtih''ell Bay iroadj; 'near the lakes.':' He' ^ad much''stuiinea, but is now recovering. .< >>ii ? . THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.-A roeetiug of the Grammar Schopl Council was held lost Friday evening to take into' consideration the position aud''prospects df the Mount Gambier1, Grammar School. Mr. J. Watson, J.P., was voted to the chair. It was.reported that an effort had been, made to comply with the conditions laid down' by the Council of Education, with the vie^ of converting, the Grammar Sohool iuto a Govern- j ihent advanced school. But the canvass had failed to/get a guarantee that 40 children over 12 years of age, and qualified to pass the necessary examination before entry, would at tend. The Council were uow of opinion that it was useless going further iu this direction. Mr, Holtje then moved, and Mr, C. Clark seconded, that the Couucil carry 011 the school as hitherto. Iu the discussion that ensued the general opinion was that the opening of tho now State school would seriously injure the Grammar School, and that for a time at least there was little prospect of its being self supporting. Besides, the head master was leaving, and would probably be em ployed, in the State school. Thero would thus bo ti new master to get, and additional unhill .work in consequence." In the face of existing prospects it became a question, whether the OoUuoil should further compromise thomselves. There was also the possibility that the Counoil of Education might consent to establish an ad vanced class in connection with tho State school, iu which case there would bo littlo need of the Grammar School, Dr, Jackson moved, and Sfrv Anderson seconded, that the school be closed at tho end of tlio current quarter. Tim amendment was carried by 5 votes to 3. It was then resolved tlmt the Grammar School property bo sold, and tho proceeds, after paying all liabilities, bo distributed among tho snare holders. Wo understand arrangements are now in progress for realising the Grammar School property. ' English Mail.--Tho II.M.S. Siam arrived at Glonelg on Saturday afternoon. A summary of news by hor, telegraphed from Albany (W.A.) ou November 27, Is given in anothor column. Mouut CtamWwwe expeotod to bo Maila , .-»'«« ? ! delivered this . :r J 