'MUSIC AND DRAMA. Ok Saturday evening Mr. Alfred Damplor made his first appearan.e before a Sydney audience at the Victori* Theatre. Thi- gentleman b^ars a high reputation n -t oa'y ns a tiagedian, but iu all branches of irs professisn, ani ha has been fortunate in making himself a favourite with the p ublic both in England and the colonies of Victoria aad new Zealand, and he promises to be as great a favourite here. Mr. Dampier commenced the study of his profession at the early age of fifteen, and has devoted himself to it tnSfli Mai anvnaofneaa TIi'o ouniaaa ft? -7na 4-a and hard study. Nature has gifted him with a fine pre sence and a magnificent voice ; and he has availed hinjH^lf of these advantages. As an author of plays he has dii linguisbed himself, and his dramatized version of Vicror Hugo's ' Les Miserables' was satisfdctjry even to tbe author of the novel — which, in the case of Vistor Hugo, is saying a great deal. Mr. Dampier's last appearance in England was in May, 1873, when he acceptei a thren years' engagement for Australia from Messrs. Copp in and Har wood, of ihe Theatre Royal, Melbourne. Atthe end of this time he went to New Zealand, whence he came to Sydney. Mr. Dampiir chose Hamlet for his first iranorsonation, and was most enthusiastically received. His Hamlet is a fine conception of a noble character. No one, after seeing it, would doubt that Hamlet was perfectly sane. Madness with him ie a pretence assumed to suit his own purposes of avenging his father's murder, and to baffle the emissaries of Claudius. There is nothing in his manner either to Horatio, to Ophelia, to the Queen, or to the King, bat what is perfectly natural under the circumstances. It certainly suits the puippBeof Claudius to prove Hamlet mad if possible ; and Hamlet is not unwilling to humour that pur pose by assuming the mask of folly from time to time. But it is never done capriciously, if we rightly under stand Mr. Dampier. Hamlet is wildly excited at the slightest thought of his father's death and his mother's disgrace, and at any allusion which can be distorted thereto; but the passion is exchanged for a purposely reckless and bantering tone at the approach of those whom he either distrusts or Jtnows to be the King's satellites. To almost every character in the play be adopts a different manner, and not least ia this is Mr. Dampier's power of acting manifested. He marks, of course,' the difference between the courtesy due to Marcellus and Bernardo aud his own friendship for Horatio; nor is this altered by the awful revelation made to him by his father's spirit, except in so far as manifested by more punctilious politeness in the one case, and by increased confidence in tbe other. Then to Rosen crantz and Guildenstem he is quite another man. Fully appreciating the motive of their interviews, it is his idea-t* mislead them as much as possible. For PoloniuB he has a s'arcely disguised contempt, even while recognizing his hi?h official position. To the King pure hatred governs all his thoughts and aotions, and he never dreams of con cealing his meaning. But towards Ophelia, whom he loves, and towards his mother, whom he is bidden to spare, he has entirely different parts to p ay. That he does tenderly and truly love Ophelia he makes manifest; butthathedistnuts her truth is just as clear. Her impression of his disordered mind, not lmowing what he has observed of the snare laid for him, through her agency, by the King and Polonius, and ignorant of his consequent idea of her perfidy, is quite justified by his strange conduct. A portion of the play scene (which is in keeping with, and, indeed, more fully carries out the idea of the madness of which Hamlet has con vinced Ophelia) is cut out of the representation of the drama in deference to modern delicacy ; but it should be remembered, if one is to judge aright of the character. T* Gertrude, Hamlet is, as he says, cruel only to be kind. It is simply impossible that a mother, be she what she may, could judge her son mad upon such proof as Hamlet gives her. Whatever she might have thought of his behaviour during the interview with the ghost, she knew well, from her own consciousness of guilt and from her son's subse quent conversation, that there was no madness .abo it hitr. Nor was there any taint of it in his soliloquies, or in his occasional remark*— to the players, for instanoa, or the gravediggers. Mr. Dampier gave, in fact, the most emphatic contradiction to the idea by proposing one of the crucial tests of insanity— namely, to re-word the matter, which madness would gambol from. Therefore it would seem that Mr. Dampier has adopted a quite consistent and intelligible notion of the character. Exceptions might, of course, be taken to portions of his reading, just because every one has his own idea as to how certain passages should be rendered, But it is, as every student 'of Sluk speare must admit, a fine, careful, and scholarly rendering of a most difficult part. Such a Hamlet has not been seen in Sydney for a very long time, if ind ed since the days of Walter Montgomery. The play has be:n well mounted, and great attention paid t- scenery and dresses. Miss Adelaide Bowring was the Queen, Mr. J. J. Bartlett the Ghost, and Miss Annie Pixley Ophelia. With the t wa first there is, of course, no fault to find. Ophelia, however, is not in Miss Pixley'e line of business — or perhaps it wonld be fairer to say that the line of business she has adopted in Sydney, that is burlesque, renders its difficult.to associate her with tragedy. The same thing may be said of some other members of the company, who, however, are improving, and have an evident desire to please. The Italian Opera Company gave a farewell performance on Monday night. 'Faust ' was the opeca, but its ren dering is not matter for praise. It was uneven and -un- satisfactory. The company left for Melbourne on Tuesday. On Tuesday evening Horace Wigan's drama, 'Rag Fair,' was produced at the Theatre Royal before a fine house. The drama is properly styled romantic; and if to that improbable and wearisome were added, no great mis take would be made. The plot is unite -essarily compli cated and very difficult to follow, while after all it is scarcely worth the trouble. The redeeming feiture in the production was the' excellent way iu which itwasplaoed on the stage. As usual at the Theatre Royal, the scenery was excellently painted and the appointments good. Miss Lott'e Wilmot (who is new to the Sydney public), Mr. G. D. Cbajlin, Miss Melville, Miss Oliver, Miss Toung, and others of the company filled the miscellaneous collection of characters, which for the most part belong to that not particularly reputed olass formerly inhabiting Old Field lane. Mr. Levy, the comet soloist, is to commence his concerts next week at the Masonic HalL He will be assisted by Mrs. Cutter, Signor Ro.°na ii, and Mr. Foster, a new pianist. These concerts should be well worth hearing. The Australian Blondin's performances in the Domain have been fairly suc:essful during the week, though the weather on one occasion was unfavourable. Mr. L'Estranee now proposes to walk along a rope stretched aoross the har bour. The difficulty is to find a suitable spot for so senaa tional a feat, but nothing has yet been decided. 