DUTCH ANNA. (Continued). Then there rang through the wide deerted halls a shrill, despairing shriek. whilst far and near, above, below, around, arose mocking and insulting laughter. Dauntless as Anna was, and firm as wts her reliance upoa the protection of Heaven, it would perhaps be too much to say that she felt no quickening of the pulse, no throbbincs and fluterings of the heart as she listened. But surprise, and a strong desire to penetrate the mystery, greatly preponderated over any feelings of alarm, acd her first impulse was imme. diately to endeavor to find her way to the scene of the disturbance. But a moment's consideration showed her how foolish and imprudent this would be, totally unacquainted as she was with the house, and with no better light than the feeble glimmer of the lantern. If it was the work of designing persons, such a step would be but to expose herself to danger, whilst, if the effect of supernatural agency, she could neither learn what they wished to conceal, nor shun what they chose to reveal. She therefore decided upon passively await ing the result of her adventure. As these thoughts passed rapidly through her mind, the noise subsided, the laughter became fainter and fainter, until at length it died away, seemingly lost in the distance, and silence once more reigned around. After the lapse of a short interval, this was again broken by a noise resembling the rattling and clanking of a chain dragged heavily along, which seemed to approach by slow degrees towards her apartment, and as gradually receded; then again approached, and again receded ; and so on several times, but each time coming nearer than before; until at length it paused beside that door of her room which Anna had been unable to open. Cautiously raising her bead from the pillow, Anna endeavored, with fixed and strained look, to pierce the darkness in which that part of the room was enveloped; but though she could not distinguish anything, and though no sound was made, she became, with a thrill more nearly approaching terror .than she had before experienced, in stinctively conscious that she was no longer alone. ResoluTely determined, however, not to yield to feelings of alarm, Anna said, in a firm, unfaltering voice, " Whoever or whatever you are that thus disturb my repose and intrude upon my privacy, show yourself, and name your errand, if you want anythmng from me; if not, begone, for your attempts to terrify me are vain. I fear you not." The only answer returned was a low laugh; and where the moon light streamed in through the partly. drawn window-curtain, thero stood a frightfully grotesque figure. Its body, as well as Anna could distinguish, resembled that of a beast, but the heabond, face, and shoulders were those of a human being, the former beingdecorated with a horn over each shnggy eyebrow, It stood upon till tours, but the front legs were longer than those behind, and terminated in claws like a bird. Round its neck an iron chain was hung, which, as it now slowly advanced, sometimes in the light, and sonme times in the shade, it rattled menacingly. The eight of this creature, fir from increasing Anna's alarm, considerably diminished it, and she lay perfectly quiet. steadily watching its movements, until it came within arm's length of her, when, suddenly springing forward, she seized hold of it with a firm grasp, exclaiming, "'This is no spirit, for here is flesh and bone like myself.' Appar ently, the ghost being composed of too solid materials to melt in air, had no other resource than to oppose strength to strength, for it struggled vigorously, and with some difficulty succeeded in freeing itself from Anna's hold. No sooner was it at liberty than it made for the door with as much speed as its various encumbrances would allow; and Anna, now completely roused, and forgetting all prudential considerations in the excitement of the moment, hastily put on a few articles of clothing, and throwing her cloak around her, seized her lantern and followed. The ghost had, however, gained so much in advance of her, that it was with some difficulty she could decide which way to turn, but, guided by the clanking of the chain, she went boldly along a wide stone passage, and through several rooms, opening one out of another, until just as she was again within sight and almost within reach of the object of her pursuit, it suddenly disappcared, and Anna, in her eagerness, springing quickly forward, was herself the next moment precipitated through an open ing in the floor, in her fall breaking her lantern. Fortunately she alighted on a heap of straw, or the consequences might have been serious. As it was, though bruised anrd stunned by her sudden descent, she did not entirely lose consciousness, but was osensibtle of a confused murmur of voices near her; and as her perceptions became clearer, she wis aware thit the tones, though low, were earnest antI angry, and that she herself was the sulject of conver sation. "I tell you it iso the only thing to be done; so mwhtt is the use of talk ing about it, you fool," were the first words she distinguished. " But," inter rupted another voice, evidently a women's, " would it not be better to wait and see " "Deanth and fury, wait and see what ?" fiercely exclaimed the first speaker. " If sie's dead, it'll do her no harm, and if she isn't, the sooner a stopper is put in her mouth the better." Comlploely roused from her stupor by the datiger with which she was threatened, Anna opened her eyes, and perceived that she was in a large vaulted cellar, at one end of which was a smenll lheated furnace. Scattered about the floor, and on rudely con structed work-benches, as though the persons using them had hastily aban doned their employment, were many curions-looking machines, together with hbops of metal of diifibrent sizes, and in different stages of manufacture, from the merely moulded shape to the finished bhilling or guinea. Somo half dozen or eight men and women were grouped together, amongst whom silhe recognised the ghost. not quite divested of his masquerade dress. In a single glance Anna perceived all this, and it needed no conjuror to tell her that she had fallen into the hands of a gang of coiners. Fully sensible of the peril of her situation. her extraordinary courage did not forsake her; for Anna, though somewhat peculiar in her religious opinions, was perfectly sincere, and even at this awful moment felt unshaken confidence in the protecting care of Providence. Though a foreigner, she possessed great command of the English language, and her style, notwithstand ing its singularity and qusintness, was well calculated to overawe the rude and lawless band into whose hands she had fallen. With a calm and steady gaze she met the eye of the ruffian, who brandished his weapon before her, and said-" I pray you, do not commit this great wickedness, nor shed the blood of a helpless woman, who has never injured you." "Oh, come," interrupted the man in a surly tone, " let's have none of that gammon, for it'll be of no use. If folks will meddle in other folks' concerns, they must take the consequences; we're not such fools as to put the rope round our own necks, I can tell you," "Nay, but hear what I have to say," repeated Anna, eluding the man's grasp as he endeavored to seize hold of lihar; "my coming here was no fault of my own, and I promise not to betray you." " Oh ay, is iiksely tale," said the man with a brutail illgh. " We're all for ourselves in this world, and no mistake; so we shall just put you where you can tell no tales, old girl." " Stop ; hear what she has to say; you shall, you must," cried a young woman who started up from a table at the further end of the collar, at which she had been seated, with her face buried in her hands, during the foregoing colloquy. (To be continued). TIE CiHUcnH AND THIE NWELEnYAs.-The Worshipful Chancellor Philipotts, Arch deacon of Cornwall, is making a visitation tour of the now diocese, and as he has under taken to answer certain criticisms on " The Church and tie Prayer Book," recently published by the Rev. Mr Sunman, a Weesl-yan minister of Rodruth, unusual into rest is felt in the charge. On Monday the Archdeacon visited Truro. iHaving upheld the truly l'rotestnnt] clnaranter of the Prayer Book and the doctrines of baptismal regen eration at d apostolical succession, lie thus spoke of :th' relation of Weoleynnism to the Church :-?t. l'aul had said that in every way in which Christ ;was preached therein did ihe rejoice; and to the disciples who com plained of the men who ";followed not us' Jesus had replied," He that is not against us is with us." Ought they not to take these lessons to heart, and object to no system, however] irregular, which brought souls to Christ and his snlvationP He looked upon John Wesley in somewhat the same light as one of the old prophets who were raised up from time to time to call the children of Israel to repentance from their ignorance, sloth, and sin. No one could be at all conversant with the county of Cornwall without being aware that there, at least, Wesley wrought a great work for God, ant he believed it was not allittlo owing to Wesley's exertions that now, wherever the Cornishman went all over the world, he carried with him a character for piety, peacefulness, and industry. The Archdeacon thought lurther, that with Romanism on one side and infidelity on the other, they had enough to do in keeping back tihe assaults of the enemy, without indulging in acrimonious disputes among themselves; and, notwithstanding present appearance, he', was not without hope that at some not very distant day a few of the leading Wesleyan ministers would not think it beneath them to accept con secration as Bishops from the Primate and Metropolitans of the English Cihurchl. Then, without altering their present organization, the future candidates for the Alethodlst ministry might receive Episcopal ordination, and stand on the same footing in this respect as their great feunder. -7The Times. The correspondent in Armenia of the Daily Telegraph writes, under date 10th May, from Ezeroum:-"No soldiers in Europe are better fighting men than the Turks. IIHardy, fierce, but at thie same time docile ani obedient, they only require brave, anJ, above all, honest leaders, who will not cheat them out of tihe greater part of their miserablo pay, to make them worthy of disputing tihe palm with any troops in tile world. They are proud of their exploits under English oflicers, and they long to be agaia led into action by some of our countrymen instead of by the dolts who look better subjects for extreme unction than for warlike enterprise, and who think more of their pipes, their prayers, or their women than of the Ihonnor of the Sulton's arms." Irv you are a business or professional man, you need to keep your mental facoulties in first-rate working order. Tins is most effect'ally done by keeping thie nerves calm and the dilestion unimpaired. Thie ex perience of lawyers, authors, cleroymen and phlyslcians ihas shown that when tile nerves antd brain are overstrain' d by Intense mental exertion, or thie stomach weakened by too constantly maintaining a sitting posture, the moest certain means of counteracting these effects s UDOLiPoo WOLFe'sB ORIDnIDA AnosrcrtAO Scunenrs. FLoILNloc i-F'on ernw T.nETHt AND BUr.s.An.-A few drops of liquid "Florillne" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, whichl thoroulghly cleanies tile teeth Itrom all parasites or Imnpurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar ponrly whiteness. and a delightful fragrance to tile breath. It removes all unpleasnanne odour arising from decayed teeth or tobhacco smoke. " Thie Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of honey and sweet lherbs. is delielous to tile taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of thie age. P'rieo s id, of all chlmists and per Cumoers. Prepared by Henry C, Gallup, 413 Oxford street, London. 