Shipping News. ARRIVED. THURSDAY, AUGUST 9. 1NVERCALLD, sliip, 1,310 tons, Robert Phillips, master, from London May 19. Elder, Smith, and Co., agents. Passengers—Messrs. Willinott, Krachbute, Brodie, and Cornell, in the cabin. BELT AN A, ship, 734 tons, G. Beveridge, master, from London April 1, via Plymouth May l'j. Elder. Smith, and Co., agents. Passengers—Messrs. Lynch, Smoult, Allison, and H. Munn, in the cabin. JOHANN, brigantine, 145 tons, J. P. Clausssn, master, from Cape Town June 28. D. and J. Fowler, agents. Passengers—Mr. and Mrs. Roil, Mr. Fislier, wife, and three children, and Mr. Jones, in the cabin. ARRIVED COASTWISE. THURSDAY, AUC; u.sr 9. MARY WEBSTEK ketch, 92 tons, E. "W. Russell, master, from Port Pirie. MAYFLOWER, ketch. 33 tons, G. Forbes, master, from Ardrossan. Cargo—20 tons firewood. CECELIA, ketch, 30 tons, G. Simmonds, master, from Yankalilla and Kangaroo Island. Cargo—19 tons flour. LOTUS, ketch, S6 tons. Bebney, master, from Wallaroo. Cargo—(ilO bshls. wheat, 12 bags and 1 bale wool FLIKDERS, steamer, 2/8 tons, "VV. Crocker, master, from Port Augusta. Passengers—Mrs. Marshall, Messrs. Beddome, Lamb, and Martin, and Master "White, in the first cabin ; and 10 in the second cabin. Cargo—203 bags copper ore, 15 bales wool, 20 do. skin8, 5 hides, 346 sheep, and sundries. CERES, steamer, 56 tons, J. Germein, jun., master, from Edithburgh and Stansbory. AMY, steamer, 40 tons, Crane, master, from Port Wakefield and Ardrossan. E1IU, steamer, 393tons, K. W.Osborne, master, from Moonta, Wallaroo Bay, and Port Pirie. Passengers— Mrr. Rice, Master Rice, Messrs. Nellson, and Sisiby, in the first cabin; and 5 in the second cabin. Aur. SAILED. 9-^GEEYHOUJSD, brig, for Batavia. Ang. SAILED COASTWISE. 3—PORTONIAN, ketch, for Moonta Bay and Wallaroo. 9—ELSIE, ketch, for Ports Pirie and Augusta. 9—SAILOR PRINCE, ketch, for Salt Creek. 9—DASHING WAVE, ketch, for Edinburgh. IMPORTS. Per IXVEBCAOLTJ, from London— For Joseph Woodman—6 cases pianofortes. For A. Kauffman, <57, Rundle-street—26 German lasting boots. For D. and J. Fowler—1,COG pkgs. Per BELTANA, from London— For Joseph Woodman—12 cases pianofortes. cases MISCELLANEOUS. The steamer SOUTH AUSTRALIAN left Williamstown at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, and passed through the Heads at e 15 the some evening. She rounded Cape Otway at 11 p.m., and entered Backstairs Passage at 5 a.m. on Thursday morning, arriving at Glenelg at 8 a.m., and Port Adelaide three or four hours afterwards. She experienced strong head winds throughout the passage. The captain {reports leaving with the K. 1LS. China. The BEMANA has not changed her rig, and is quite as smart-looking as ever she was, notwithstanding her passage was very much lengthened by a collision in the Channel. She left London on April 1. and a westerly wind obliged her to beat down till she got to the southward of the Eddystone. where she fell foul of a barque and knocked away her fore and main masts, at the same time carrying away her own jibboom, bowsprit, and head gear. The figurehead and cutwater were gone, and the Beltana had sustained such damage that she was obliged to put into Plymouth for repair. Portion of the cargo was discharged, and after a thorough refit she made sail again on May 10. After clearing the land fine weather was experienced; indeed the whole distance to the Line was very fine. She crossed on June 15, in 27° 15', and then had a breeze from the southward, which gave place to trades, but they proved of very little use, though southward also, and thus the vessel was driven well over to the coast of America. After passing the Cape in 43°, strong winds prevailed during the whole distance from St. Paul's to Cape Leu win, {but on working up for Cape Borda the wind came ahead and continued so until sighting the light on the 5th. The Beltana has a lot of gunpowder as part of her cargo, and in consequence will be detained at the North Ann for its discharge. The INVERCAXJLD showed from the stations at early dawn on Thursday, and was shortly afterwards boarded. Captain Phillips reports leaving London at 3 a.m. on May 18. The vessel had a couple of tugs in attendance, and was taken to the powder ground at Gravesend, where she received 25 tons of it on board. Next day the services of one tug were dispensed with, and at Deal the pilot was discharged. The wind being strong from the westward the master engaged to be towed as far as Dungenesa, where tlie steamer was cast off, and all sail made on the ship. During the night the wind hauled to the northward, and at noon on the 20th the Channel pilot was discharged off the Start, whence final departure was taken with the wind light at north-east, and it continued so till May 26. During this time the vessel averaged about 120 miles a day. Afterwards the wind shifted to W.S.W. and S.W., but continued veiy light till sighting the Isle of Palma on June 4. The light wind prevailed most vexatiously during the northeast trades, and in consequence the prospect of a rapid passage was entirely dispelled, although there was a chance on June 17, when there came away a brisk breeze which took the vessel through the variables and across the lone in 29° W. On June 26 the trades were lost, after blowing so briskly for a time that the vessel was dragging a press of sail with but whole topsails set in order to claw off the land. On July 4 she sighted and passed to leeward of Tristan were distinctly visible, but no boat appeared, so the vessel kept on her track, and on July 7 crossed the prime meridian, having a north-east wind and smooth sea which rendered progress both speedy and pleasant. On the 10th ahe overhauled and passed the ship Macduff, bound to Melbourne, all well. Both vessels had taken in powder at the same time, but the Macduff had made a reach ahead by taking the passage inside the Cape de Verde Islands. On July n «he was on the meridian of the Cape in 40i" S. ' tut from then until the 23rd extremely slow progress -was made, and during eight days the vessel made but £40 miles. This was a veiy astonishing circumstance taking the season of the year into consideration; but •wben the weather changed and a breeze set in the vessel made a day or two's good work, and on July 27 was off St Paul's.. On August 3, in 40 ' b. she passed CapeLeuwin, buthad very light winds thence to <2jipe Borda, which was passed on the 8th, and on the TDomiae «f flip 9th the ship was boarded at the Semaphore. J5Bir- ios-ed to the North Ann for Sischaigf'Oilierpawder, a»don Friday will be aioored In harbjor, TJ;c CTii:YTior?:i>, briar, was towed out on TJiursilav and at once made sail, but tbc Tvir.'l was so very li.^'i.t that she )"-de hut little progress. O-LENELG. AT. RIVED. Thursday. August 0.—R.M.S. CHTXA, 2,010 tons, T. Alderton, commander, from Melbourne. Passengers —Hiss E. Moseley and Orptain Hanson. Elder, Smith, and Co., agents. SAILED. R.M.S. CHINA, 2,061 tons, T. Alderton, Com- mander, for King George's Sound and Galle. Pas- sengers :—From Adelaide—For King George's Sound : Miss M. A. McGlade, Mr. Wm. Trevaskis, Jlr. Trevaskis. jun., Captain White, and ilr. Crawford; and 21 Ali'ghans for Bombay. From Melbourne— Messrs. Thompson, Goldsworthy, A. Iiosser, J. Thomas, S. Wood, and Mrs. Collins, for King George's Sound ; Mr. W. Hyde, for Galle; Mr. W. Cunyngham and Dr. Sheridan Hughes, for Bombay; Mr. Felix Kaber, for Suez ; Messrs. P. S. Dawson, Lushman, and J. E. Syme, for Venice ; Mr. Bruce Pliillips and Captain T. J. Southam, for Southampton; and JJx. H. C. Sproull, for Calcutta. From Sydney—Mr. and Mrs. Frusclii, for Venice; Messrs. J. Lamb, Ogilvie, and H. Osborne, for Brindisi; Mons. and Madame G. de la Barceri and Mons. Raoirt Barceri and servant, for Galle ; Mr. C. H. Edwards, for Calcutta ; and ?t!r. Lucas and servant, for Bombay. Elder, Smith, and Co., iigents. MISCELLANEOUS. The lt.M.S. CHINA had rather a rough passase from Melbourne, which port she left on Tuesday, August 7, at 2.30 p.m., arriving at (ilenelg at '-).: J ,0 p.m. on the 9tli. Until she nearert Cape Willougliby she liad moderate weather, but the wind graduaUy increased, and soon blew a gale from tlie N. W., with a heavy sea, tlie vessel going almost bows under at times. A dense fog was then fallen in with, which obscured the laud. She passed Cape Jervis at 4.15 and her signal was answered by tlie station. The Fairy liad rather a long cruise to reach her as she came to an anchor fully a mile and a half outside the hulk. The mailbags were put on board and the Eleanor went alongside with cargo. There was little wind and less sea. The China brought only two passengers foT Glenelg. Among her passengers are 21 Affghans, who had come round in the Flinders from Port Augusta, having been on the Hon. T. Elder's Beltana Station. They are bound for India. The China left early tliis morning. The Sorra AUSTRALIAN was boarded by the Fairy at S.45 on Thursday morning, and the mails and passengers were landed in time for the 9.30 traiu. There was a heavy sea fog and it was impossible to see the length of the jetty. She had scarcely discharged her passengers to the deck of the Fairy, and the parting cheers of the football team been answered by her steam whistle, when land and ocean were alike enveloped in a fog which for density and duration lias not often been equalled at Glenelg. A cliilly north-easterly wind drove the bankof vapour before it like a wall, completely enveloping the Melbourne steamer, the sound of her fog signals alone indicating lier whereabouts as she headed away over the li.shin^grounds to make an offing on her course to the Semaphore. During the entire morning the jetty was obscured, the boats close inshore looming like ghosts through the mist, and it -was not until past 1 p.m. that the gauzy veil was withdrawn as quickly as it fell, disclosing the steamer Flinders close to Glenelg. She had come down quite unperccived to place some Aflghan passengers on board the hulk, there to await the arrival of the China. The remainder of the after- noon and evening was perfectly fine, but long after the Bay rejoiced in brilliant sunsliine the bank could be seen drifting away to the southward until it disappeared altogether on the horizon. 