i THE PARLIAMENT, | fiO^SE i '* .jtvTTufi, f> i<i J ;1...^ TtaBSRlY,., Jume 14ri ..u ofl,a . The Speaker tnpk jttap pbair at 2 o clock, OROWtf I^NOS^NSOI^^^N?HiL. vAhtage' of not Having' been in Shef ^DiiBe Oastj session when the 'provisionaof 'ibfe'ffiiF^re'tinder d'meuBsioii. ItwasanimportantnieHsowiiandiond which .'shboid obtain^careful consideration at-the handsof ban, .members*:? He should popfine hiB remarks chiefly tothe taws. relating.to ;the aliena tion of 'tne.wasteland^ofthe'Grown in lee- simple^ as he' was 'well acquainted sriththat branch of .the. subject ' He hsfl cldseiy witched the'alteratiOh of the lands laws frorirtimeto time' and- tiad tnlcen .part in the legislatianion :the mbjecU ^First, however.hewonld sag , a -£e w, words asfcothe pro*. visions^ referringtothemine^lawfs.'He heartily acquiesced in the liberal, policy foreshadowed in that branch of the'Bi1!. "He would like' it to be ; clearlystated'howtbre'5 per cent, on the profits Teas to be levied-whether tm the actnal dividends oaid or on . the operationsof the Company carefully ascertained. If the latter were: .-the : <caBe then he supposed the operations at each mine wpnld ? have to be reckon edin accordance with some "particular i plan and scale proposed by the Gofemaient. The' chiefpoint of his qnestion was whether anallbw ance would be made fdrjhterest oh capital invested1 before the-profits were taxed to contribute to the. income of the State.- Therewas agreat difference: between a Mining Company paging a large dividend; after having expended a lame amount of capital and, another Company paying a large divid^ndout of profits derived from: the extreihe richness of the ground rather than out of capifcal- they had ex pended. (Hear, hear.) Whatever the rate of the impost it should certainlyhave reference hot:only to the results of the mining enterprise but also to .the amountof capital invested. Pome people would . Bay that nothing could be. called profit until they had got back the whole of the capital ex pended. Be, however, did, not wish- that to be thought his own sentiment on the question. ' He did not think it would: be reasonable to do that. Of course, with leasehold property and a large amount of capital expended upon it, aright and ^scient ific system of bookkeeping should be adopted, and the best system was. to so manage as' to testore as much as possible of capital during the co-irse of the lease; It would be much better to settle this question now once for all on sound principles than to be passing Acts year after year-, relating to certain particular leases which might be attracting attention at the time. (Hear, hear.) It was far better to deal with the question generally as a whole. (Hear, hear.) It was scarcely neces sary for him to say tbat 'he did not wish to lay ulaim to any of the gratitude of the community for the wealth that had accrued-if any had accrued from the alterations of the land laws which had been made during the last eight or nine years. He trusted that the result of that legislation which had occupied so.muchbf the time of the country, both in and out of the walls of Parliament, might be for the benefit of the colony at large: but while he said that he could not claim a scintilla of the gratitude of the people if it was a good result, hedid not think that the result could be fairly sauged or estimated within the lifetime of those whom he was address ing. (Hear, hear.) Twenty or thirty years, or probab'y a full generation, must pass before the full effect of those land laws could "re estimated. He hoped that they, would then be found to have been beneficial-that the country would be then covered with smiling homesteads and prosperous farms-(Hear, hear)-and that the land would be held by a numerous population enjoying that state of existence described in the Scriptures as neither poverty nor richeF, the soil being held and tilled by a yeomanry who would be a moral, religious, upright community, spreading happiness around them. That the wealth of the community should increase and their happiness enlarge year by year was his sincere hope, but they were not sure that such would be the case. There were other possibilities which might be the result of the land legislations had attempted. It might t e the result of these laws that the country would be held for a short season and worked out by agri culturists, who. after taking away the richnesB of the soil, would retire back and back like a devour ing horde to find fresh woods and pastnres new; and that on their moving away the land most favourably situated in regard to the seaports would fall into the hands of a rare of shepherd kings, and the community be divided into the very rich and very poor. That was the most unfortunate state of things that could arise in any country r but he did not say that that would be the result, and felt that he must speak on this matter with the modesty of a beaten man. And even if he had many who sympathized with him on many points of legislation known as land reform he would not think it right to test the feeling of the House or make any effort to upset or alter the direction of land legislation. He held it as an important principle in politics that there should be no reprisals, and after a law had been endorsed by one Parliament after another it was the duty of those who came after, not to upset them, but to enact what would do the least evil and the mi'St good. (Hear, hear.) He would ask hon. members to believe him when he said that was his Binrere desire in giving his attention to-the Bill -(Hear, hear)-to promote the good and efficient; working of the landB of the colony by the agricul turist. It was not well that those who ruled to-day should materially change laws which had been established and largely endorsed, and that was a principle which the wise aud thoughtful in the mother-country saw the advisability of following. There were, no doubt, many measures that the Imperial Government of Great Britain would have carried in a very different shape had.they been able to do so when they were passed; but now that they found themselves in the position of having a majority they very properly looked upon it as wrong to attempt to reverse the policy which had been solemnly affi-med by the country. There were several clauses that he would have to refer to individually, a hon. members had addressed them selves to the matter in that way, and he did not see from the peculiar nature of the subject bow anvthing else could have been done. Great.prin ciples cropped up in the middle of clauses, like diamonds that only made their appearance to the explorer in the mine, or beautiful flowers that presented themselves suddenly to the investi gating eye. One great principle that he would first lefer to was the system of auction now proposed. Those who had followed the course of land legisla tion were aware that its great principles were five in number- free selection, deferred payments, occupation, cultivation, and limitation. As regards free selection, the practical difficulty had arisen that it was simply impossible, because two or more persons might wish to flee-select the same piece of land-slaughter)-and as it was physically im possible for two persons to occupy the same spot at the same time it was a parallel1 case that two persons <"ould not at the same time occupy the same land. A system of limited auction had been suggested to get over the difficulty, . and that modified was now known as the. system of anction by choice. An hoa. member had given notice of moving for the system of selection by tender, sad that lie thought would be by far the wisest plan. (Hear, hear.) He was in one instance as advanced a land reformer as the province contained. He ' thought it a very great principle ? that the State should not occnpy the position of the commercial. dealer, whose duty it was to obtain the highest, price for the article he had to sell, for in -one sense the land belonged to the State after it was dis posed of. It would be quite consistent that the" Government should tax the. land sold for the defence of the colony - and for other public purposes, aud it was not therefore well that: the State should extract the highest price from., persons becoming purchasers. What Was to be. decided was principally what person should have the land, abd the sjetem of tender was therefore a very desirable one. giving the person who selected lime to cosily arrive at what he considered the fair; value of the land. The Chairman of .Committees} he was sure would agree, with him that at auction, persons frequently were urged by the excitement of competition to offer more than they wonld do if allowed more time and acting tipon their cooler judigment. He had spoken of important prin ciples lying hidden in the middleof a clause, and he was confirmed in the truth of the remark by the macy members preceding him wko had made re marks well worthy or attention, and showing that they had given considerable attention to the sub ject.' At clause 31 he saw that it was the intention of the Government ibat l.280.acresshould be the! extent of land that any individual shouldbe.able to purchase upon credit--not necessarily, be understood, at one time, but that having pur chased that amount he had exhausted his right of, purchase again upon credit. <Hear, i hear.) He would respectfully draw the attention oftbeHonse to the fact that that was an entirely new principle... He did not say that it was a wrong one. He might think it utterly wrong, and opposed to all esta-' blished principles of'political economy; but' be did not care to waste time in' making remarks of that natare. He- wonld simply ask the House whether- the clause could; be* carried out. The old principle was that a person should not hold, more land than.a certain amount upoa credit, and that waS easily discovered' from papers: but this new principle could .not be' carried nut in practice, and would only 'increase the evasion which he u< derstood it was'the desire, of the Legislature to diminish as far as p&ssible..; He was disappointed with clause 27, as ? he idid not think it an improvement upon the existing land laws. It provided, for the selector a compul sory credit of nine years. {Minister of Agriculture and Education-"No; clause 28.") He admitted the excellence of clause 28, but_ was postpoH ing the satisfactory ! ask of expressing his approval of it for a moment in order to -consider this. This clause was really oppressive upon the, man who . wanted to clear his land. However the Almighty ! mightb'erg them'.ritb good and bountiful ba'vests, that man was not to be allowed ts go into the Land Office aud pay for his land. '? This was a great evil and a most unfair thing. {Minister of Agri culture and Education-"No."|) It was most unfair to force a compulsory credit of nine sears upon a willing purchaser..: l'I;at -was rio.incbniide rable portion of the averasre hustjah life,' : At the end of six years, having' faitlrfully performed the covenants that he had entered into snd -made.the improvements that he had engaged to make for he was areuing. on the assumption that. the selector was an honest man -it. was hard to make it. compulsory on him to' be in debt, which meant a time of embarrassment.' (Minister of Agriculture and Education1-"No.") In the 28th clause be was glad to isee that permis sion was given to a man to leduce ,his interest pro portionately by paying a;hundred pounds at certain times. That was what was wanted, so that in good times, when & mail had monev to spare, lie could reduce his mortgage. He highly approved of the provisions of the 37th -clause, for the* alienation of small sites for schools, churcliei hos pitals, and such institutions - to he effected without. difficulty. This' was an entirely new.clauee, aodi appeared to be liberal and rwjse and .creditable to_ the Government. He considered that' there was sufficient that was good in the measure to call for his«uppt>rt, ind'he would have"feupported'it even' had he aot seen that there was amajority in'its retfj louM'to op: id lo *ee,~ ha^gdtae 1 -oomiiMiefi poet had spoken7of--*i^mniBgwitli faint praise;" bat Hi. *iti> t&t.ttn; rteffi^Kdj^^K^iiR«iBSpB was called dnmmyism vera allowed to be pUtJM force by the Governor in Council, iwbieii might-be- taken-i as:#' parallel In jy&n;#-'igia j<jof the^jPajy HJmmcil ^t r jippie. ^ .ifffedrastt or the ttommissionerof Crown Lands nof-rwertlr to punish for an overtact:Which %e~migfet w&fr; ? himself about, butfor anintention-for an«notion of the mind , il'he intention of e .jume he made the application was WMfc^n^Sibf . Jay, ibe UommiBaioner di^owpLauda. S?«?h « ' law be could not understand. There was '^imn in arhose power be wouM rather be thauinthat of the present Commissiouer.bat he knew that with hiBoldfrieud th'e member for Yatala be would not under this clause have ghost of a chaDce. (Laughter.» Speaking of clause 47,'one of the penal clauses-be must keep within the niles of the House and speak respectfully of the !»*«, but this provision : was i not yet law. and <be: boped never would be^it gave .the Commissioner power not only to examine;? man in such a way that be might criminate himself, but so that he. might do tli« same thing byothers-his neighbours. It waa evidentfrom this nothaving being referred to by speakers who hai preceded him that there bad not teen time allowed'for the proper consideration of the Hill. The (Commissioner under the clause he bad referred xo was auctiarizeJto examine or have the.selector examined "touching and concerning any. land under agreement.and touching or icon- - cerningtne cOmplianceby nimor by' any other bolder of land under agreement with of tlie breach ' or violation by him;'' and not Only had he power to have the man examined touching his own affairs, but the clause went on to say " or any other holder of land underagreement ot the pi ovisions of JhiB Act or any repealed Act or the terms and conditions of any such ' agreement" it "was opposed 10 British law that a man should be com pelled to answer questions which wonld criminate himself, but it was wor.e that a ptrson should be compelled under pain of . the lorfeiture of his property to answer .questions that wpuld. convict his neighbour. (Ko.) Let a man be punished, tor bis crimes, but let him be' fust convicted of them before al proper tribuual. Ue thought that some torture clauses must have be.n intended,' but'that they could not be inserted owing to the. Commis sioner of - Crown Lands being one of the-present .Ministry. He would ask-the House to look well at what they weie doing in passing such provisions as were contained in the penal clauses. Let them c insider what wouM be the result of putting them in force in connection with tie collection of Customs duties, and how much more outrageous theywould befoundif applied astliey-might be in connection .with direct t*xa!ion in ascertaining tbe exact amount that a man should contribute to the revenue of the State. If such were the case, and men were not only examined as to their own private affairs,'but in regard to the concerns of their neighbours, what would this laud become! if these piovisions were not to be enforced,'but were merely to be a terror to evildoers, he must say that it was a misfortune to a country that laws should be put upon the Statute-book which were no* to be carried out, and still more'unfortunate if they were only to be put in force in certain cases against unpopular persons. These should be placed in the same category as the laws of Draco, the blue laws of Connecticut, and the damnatory clauses ,of .the Athanasi-an Creed. He could not say more, but would do his best in contributing any judgment he had in perfecting this measure when in Committee. Mr. ROU-NSlSVELL approached' the subject with some amount of anxiety and fear, following, as he did, such an eloquent speaker as Mr. Blytb. He would not apply to the question the same method of treatment as the non. member bad done, but would neat of the general principles of the measure. He agreed with some of the re marks of the hon. member, while there were ether matters in the Bill which he did not interpret as he bad done, and which he did not believe would have the pernicious effect attributed to them by the hon. member. . Ue believed that ths Bill would be the most important matter which had been brought under the notice of the present Parliament. (Hear, hear.} While he approved of the principle of consolida tion generally, he disapproved of it in the present instance, because he fegarded their past attempts at land legislation to be of an experimental character. It would have been much better, in his opinion, for the Government to have brought down the measure in three distinct Bills-(Hear, bear)-and he would suggest that for the future in matters of consolidation, for tbe guidance of the lay mini, the amendments might be printed in an ink of a different colour, so that they might at once be detected, in December, 1S7J, when in communication with bis constituents, he bad recommended the increase of area from 640 to i,2S0 acres, and the reasons which he then gave for the change were still potent. The portion of the Bill contaiuing this provision would, he hoped, recommend itself to bos. members-(Hear, hear)-because the most valuable portions of our land were now taken up. and the portion now left was not only inferior in quality, but waB further .from the seaboard. While he appioved of the increased area, he disapproved with equal warmth of the method adopted in the Bill for the alienation of, lands from the Crown. The method contained all the faults of old systems without possessing any of their virtues. Under the proposed system the farmer would never exactly understand how be stood to the Government, and the accounts would become so complicated that in course of time the Government would scarcely undeistand how the farmer stood to them. Dis approving of this complicated hybrid system of selection, he would suggest to the Coverunient the practice of simple tender. (Cries of "No.") It would simplify matters between the selector and tbe Government, and would permit of tbe land being more easily obtained and therefore more rapidly settled. He would suggest that some such Elan as this should be adopted-Let tbe whole undred be surveyed and subdivided, and allow the select or to examine, and, if lie choe, tender for every individual block of the land. This would effect a great saving of time, for if the selector -did not get ooe block he would get another. Supposing the tender* to have been received in one week, the intending selector or his agent would present himself at the Land Office in the week following, where a tabulated schedule would be prepared showing the whole, of the tenders which had been received. The man who had tendered the highest, say for any four or five blocks, might be given the right to choose which block out of the number he would select. Having dohe-so, his name would be ruled out of all the other blocks in the schedule for which he had tendered; and in the course of an hour or two every selector would see if,.he had obtained land, and if so what laud he bad obtained. This would save a man having to visit half a do<en areas before he had a chance of getting a block. The mode of payment provided iu the Bill would meet in Com mittee with his most determined opposition on account of its complicated and intricate nature. (Tbe Commissioner of Crown Lands-*" It's very simple.,') He believed he had as ordinary a know ledge of accounts as the {Commissioner of Crown Land?, and in his opinion: it was so complicated that farmers would have to engage a professional accountant occasionally to tell them how their accounts .stood. (.Cries of " Mo, no.") A system of ten annual equal instalments would be fur more simple.. The farmer.ws.uld know bow hesto*d from time to tune, and the Government would be able to inform bim of hie portion at any time ok short tiutic6 if be faiiedto remember it. loaddition to its'simplicity the plan bsd another quati£.cation which .*aa not possessed bv aiiy other .system which they.at present had in view, which was that- it would prevent dumm> i$m ; .(Hear,, hear.) If they wished to see dwnmyi&m; rampant, they could not do better than' adopt a System of partial .payments. He wasgJad to' congratulate tbe Go vernment upon -Part 3 of the Bill. He believed in the principle of assisting those who were willing to assist 'themselves. He approved of Jthe principle under'-which -the. Government proposed to deal with inferior lauds, although he did iiot think they went quite fat enough, in some particulars. Clauses 63 and-68 djd not seem tp him to.agiee completely. He agrt ed with the .clause which' affirmed that one who Was desirous pf "becoming the leaseholder writh the right of purchase could obtain the five square .miles; but ifit were meant that only two square miles could', be obtained by lease, he -thought it weuld only be:hetpiog a man to his ruin. He did not think there Was any oct»Hon for jealousy or antagonism between the agricultural and . pastoral lessees. There - was no reason why-tnie ; two different industries should 1 clash.- ?: It waa generally agreed,7 he believed, that it was necessary, in all new JandB like - this that the - should...precede .the ' agriculturist. The pastoral tenant must develop roads, and other wo: ks, for instance, to enable the agriculturist to occupy. In New tSouth'Wales an Act was passed ou 10th August,' 1875,' andthe 31st clause permitted of a pastoral lessee selecting a certain proportion of land: surrounding any- material "improvement that .he may -have placed,'upon it, -such, -for in stance, as !>.wpplshpd,.or the sinking of a well, at the rate, of £1 per acre. While he did not agree that £1 perAfcre should beihe hard-and- fast price, he thought the Government'would db'well, and would'only'be acting justly towards the'pastoral lessee, if they inade some offer of the kind: Tbe pastoral lessee would have a?, inducement to -im prove, and the surrounding countiy,; would be rendered more -valuable. There was another matter to" which'be wotild address' himself wbich pressed veiyhardly attimesupori ihe pastoral lessee. He believed pastoral tenants as a rule were perfectly willing that the agricplturi>-t should eventually come-in upon tbeirland, supposing it to be fit for cultivation; but it was. very ,bad when a roan, for instance,;. was, just recovering from the effects o< abid seaSbntnjithe should be called, upon to re mbve the wlioleof hisstock; atsix mouths' notice.. Although the present Commissioner of Crown Lauds bad dealt "leniently with several'cases of hardship which bad- been brought under his notice he thought it would .be a graceful act on . the .part of Parliament to allow aq extension of -the notice to twelvemonths.'- It would not-retard the progress of agricultural 'settlement,, and woidd enabletbe pastoral le&fee;'to''continue his aVocatfbW 'with greater eoritideuce. "j.'he regulations in existence with regard to improvements, too, had not given unqualified .satisfaction- It piight^be men had'the remedy in their own hands, outne thought .there was only- one'fair^waro^mjeung the case, which was in effect that tlie, moment the Gbvernmi-iit'aetuMly lesumed at they;ftmht«n[»ay thelegwefortheimprOwmentsupontt flenadwim to find with' regardTto^irt 4 laid the reBulattons/n referenee^ere^- .T^r^u lations were imperfect.iand; feebly :aDU^ did not grasp die real stodc4^!, ifiWket, ^>r fOr tembving bu store'stock. in dratrng eapetsal attention to uis qumpetency ol ???1 ' -r, .H ..;!* .r: \- we RKaunom ae was aoug ine aozeng oi Ade* l&ide; a good service, because the insufficiency of ' lead resulted in » lossto the vholecommunity ;oot adhesion to the spirit H hot to the exact details of the proposed alterations. Some years ago he had advoc&teda; percentage onmlningprofits instead of a fine. They^ mustatl agree with the . : desiyafeilityof developing «very mineral lode in the colony, as they vere not only of. benefit ito those umexdiately concerned in the operation, but were admittedly oi national bfenelit. Notwithstanding " ''the' objections he had to some of the details, of' \- -the'measure, he would be glad to support it. and in Committee ta assist-in rendering its provisions more \- workable. He believedthat their p*st progress and" their financial soundness in the future depended, lairaly .upon the administration of their land la we. It.shQiMbe their study so to'admin is tertheland laita as "fo cncuurage a peaceful ani industrious yeomanry, representing the national Solidity of our lace, andbrihgingto full fruition our national . ..genius. Great as nad. been theirprogress in the past, and wondious as were the evidences of " national advancement the present view afforded, they were only trifles as compared with what we should yet accomplish "Grand'as are the victories whose monuments we see, These are but as the dawn taat speaks of noon tide yet to be." (Cheers.) Mr. Pi^AYFORD was not at all sure that he could finishoif with such a burst of eloquence-(loud ' laughter)-but would endeavour to address him self to some of the points which had been named by the hon. member for North Adelaide. The hon. member bad complained of the injustice of restraining a man from completing his purchase when he had means at his disposal. If they wished to play into the hands of dummies .they could not do better than give a man the fee-simple when he chose to ask for it. (Hear, hear.) Even the right to purchase within five years was a mistake. When he was in the neighuourhood of Tatiara a selector there had asked him if he knew of any good land, .as he would legally be in a position to complete his purchase within a veiy short time, and wished to ?elect elsewhere. He (Mr. Playford) told him that Parliament did not contemplate such action when the Act was passed; and the selector was bound to admit that he tried on the same game in Victoria, but that the Victorian Legislature had been coo sharp for him. (Bear, hear.) Kven under the present Act there were a class of men in existence who were unmistakably land sharks, and who intended completing their purchase as soon as tKmible and selling out to the pastoral lessee. Now that they were about to increase the area there was still greater reason why the time for -completing purchase should be lengthened instead of curtailed. (Hear, hear.) He was strongly adverse to tnose provisions whic^a permitted of the Commissioner of t Irown .Lauds examining selectors with a view of ascertaining whether they had com- ; ,pQed with the conditions of the Act. Kveiy Com-: missioner felt a difficulty in this matter. Hewasnot j in a position to examine selectors viva voce. He had himself feJt that he would have liked in many j ?cases, betore giving a decision, to obtain a great deal more information than was obtainable from j the Inspector of Lands; and he "would have liked j to examine the selector himself, thinking that in j Spme instances doubtful matters might be ex- ; plained. (Hear, hear.) He considered that if they : could manage to convict a vagabond or rogue out of his own mouth they should do so in spite of what the hon, member for North Adelaide had' quoted as "the law of England." (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hawker had referred to olive cultivation, and one or two hon. members had expressed a wish to have some similar clauses introduced into this. BilL Some clauses on the subject were in the original J5ill as printed, but in revising it aloug with the draftsman (Mr. Bakewell) he had struck them out. He did so because he had visited -several districts where olive cultivation was sup tised to be carried on, but believed them a mistake. e believed that a great mistake was made in ^throwing open some portions of the Tatiara Country until railway communication was made from there to the seaboaifi. Nearly the whole of the land there had got back into the hands cf the .squatters. When he was io office he was asked to throw open 50,000 acres of really good land iu the locality, but he declined to do so, knowing that if he did he should be playing into the hauas ot the squatters. Unless a railway were soon made many selectors in the Xatiara Country would have to sell their lands, as thev could not cultivate them pro- : .fitably. Some of them had to pay 2s. per bushel -carriage to Lacepede Bay, and as they only got 4s. a bushel for the wheat it was not likely they could make a living. Many of them went in for keeping ; sheep. One man named Hay took up two or three sections of 640 acres eacii-one for himself, another for his son, aud another for his daughter. The Crown Lands Hanger got this man fined for having 5,000 sheep more than he was entitled to on the commonage of the neighbourhood. This , JVlr. Hay had availed himself of the olive planta tion clauses, aud had planted the olives in a pecu liar way. He had taken a crowbar, made a bole in the ground, and then stuck an olive in. (Laughter.) These olives grew, and the man then turned sheep into the so-called plantations, and the sheep nipped the olives. When he went down to the <place some two or three years after the olives were planted he could not see th<:m until he came quite -close up. (Laughter.) Mr. Houcaut, as Commis sioner of Crcwn Lands, had visited the locality a short time before aud rather frightened the man about his cultivation of the olivss, so that he had I ploughed up a few furrows and made a sort of attempt at olive cultivation. But the whole thing was a farce, as he at once saw when lie visited the place. Unfortunately this was only a sample case, -and not an exceptional one. These clauses just enabled peisvns to escape the ordinary cultivation conditions without inducing any bona fide attempts afthe production of olives. When he i -came back to town he had half a mind to make that man forfeit his selections. .He wrote out a notice, which was approved by Cabinet, pro viding that the Commissioner of Crown : Lands for the time being would not be satisfied 1 with the cultivation of olives or fniit trees unless carried on in a particular way, which he described. He did not know whether the present Commis sioner of Crown Lands intended to carry out that plan, but he supposed he would. Olive cultivation geuerally was a mockery, and was only carried on for the purpose of evading the other ordinary cu ti vation clauses. It was not quite the same with regard to fiuit trees. He knew of one bona fide case in his own neighbourhood, where a man had taken up a selection, planted it with fruit trees, and had built his bouse upon it with the evident! intention of cultivating it. These clauses would need te be carried out with such strictness that they could not be evaded. But how that was to be done was another question. It seemed to him that it would be almost better to insist on the cultivation of lucerne and artificial grasses, and to strike out the cultivation of fruit trees aud olives altogether. There would, be no injustice done, for the person who desired to cultivate olives anJ fruit trees for profit could do so just the same. He differed from Mr. Kounsevell in thinking that the proposed system of selling the Crown lands was a hybrid one. He thought it was the best that could b« adopted. The Commissioner no doubt found the system of teuder provided for in the Bill as left in r-the pigeen-holes, but it was not with bis approval. I He had given way to the other members of the I Government -n the point. He did not know whether to Mr. Strang ways or to Mr. Cavenagh | belonged the credit of first suggesting the system of bidding for choice, as both gentlemen claimed it; but it waB iu his opinion by far the best system ; it was one with which the farmers were already acquainted, and it was one which would work well. Sir. DUNCAN said it was his intention to pro pose certain amendments in Committee, and he would now state bis reasons for so doing iu order that hon. members might have an opportunity of weighing them over beiore the actual amendments ' were proposed. His remarks would apply chiefly to the provisions of the Bill having reference to \ mineral lauds. He approved of the principles , upon which the Government had acted in framing the Bill, bcc'ause he considered that long leases and a nominal rental and royalty would contribute more to the development of tjie mineral wealth of the colony than the present system. Under a long lease mines would be worked as vhey ought to be, and net with a view to getting the largest quantity of metal out of them in the shortest time. But while approvine the principles of the Bill, he objected to the Is. per acre rent and the la. in the pound sterling on profits. He held that this was an excessive charge, and by contrast it was very different from the way in which the agricultsral \- and pastoral intereBtB had been treated. Assuming the Crown lands to be worth £\ an acre, the charge of Is. per acre on mineral lands was equal to 5 per cent., aud the land remained the property j of the Crown, while agricultural land was actually 1 alienated for only 3i per cent. rant. The charge for mineral land was Is. per acre; for agricultural ? land 6d. per acre with alienation. The Govern ment . thus placed a value of 30s. per acre on mineral lands, and only £1 per acre on land for agricultural purposes. But; net contest with this they proposed to levy Is. per pound on the profits made by mining. What would the farmer think if the Government required the profit on one out of every 20 bushels of wheat he sold; or the squatter, if the State demanded the profit on one fleece out of every 20 he sold? And yet the Government professed to be dealing more liberally with the mineral interests. He gave them credit for a desire to do eo ; but thought he would be able to prove that such would not be the effect of the Bill if passed in its present form. A strong argument always adduced in favnur of the agricultural interest was that it employed tens and twenties where ones and twos had been before employed ; but mmin?, if encouraged, would not only da this : it would provide fer hundreds and thousands where tens and twenties had before been engaged. (Hear, htar.) iu Committee he would propose such amendments as would carry out what he believed wa.5 the intention of the Government .the liberalisation of our miner.il laws. (Mr. Carr - "Hear, hear.") But that" intention would liot' be carried out by the' Bill as it stood in recard to payable mines. To {rove this he would compare what the Moonia Mins proprietors had paid under the old system and . whatthey would pay ;-;i;d>-r the provisionF of tliis Bill. -(Mr.Carr-"Hear,bear.") Hcknewit migktbeurged -that the Moonta Mine was an exceptional one; but he held that although a fich mine bke the Moonta could stand the proposed imposts, they ' -would press heavity on the poorer mines. (Hear, . bear.) The return from which he was about to -quote be had liad prepared last year when a similar Bill to the present was before the House. Takiug the average of rents sind fines paid by the Moonta pro prietors during the pist fifteen years, he found that the average was £t.520 per annum. Taking the average of dividends puid for the same fifteen ;years, and applvincr the proposals of the Govern ment to them, he foun ? that instead of having to nay £1520 the Moonta ptoprietors would h-ive to Sav £3*270 per annum, or rather more than double the former rate. (Hear, hear.) Was that lthc ralizatioul (Mr. Carr Hear, bear.') Perhaps the Hon.-Commissioner would be able to explain it. Of -course it would be said that a long lease of 99 years ail the difi'erence. If the present leases had . been for five or ten years it would have been so ; . s but the. fact was that some of the leases he had , referred to at the Moonta had 39, 37. 35. and 28 j years to run. Therelore there was not such & won .deiful-difference -between them-and « 99 years'' jjease. ;It .should not ^e for«otten that inverting -j-capital inmates was A *ery.« pfjculativejupder-, taKiija- jaeaj,' hear)-aad'a .man therefore, de-, getvea his success if lie achieved it. (Hear, bear.)' ?He hoped the "CoinmisBioirer of Crown lands _ would make the inteailobbf the Government clear I on one- point,-: namely, .whether the:percentage j would be takenon all 'uitidend8'iPUd,''Or whether: 1 the; Government would ? allow a. proprietary, to !' refund themselves any capital they had invested in developing the mine. (Hear, "hear.) He would. point out. that.of the capita) spent'on mineral properties the great bulk-went lof labour,1 and a verysmall percentage of itwcittld be available' to the proprietors if .they wanted to reai.ze. -> Che ; schedule No. 15 he thought the -Commissioner of OwwnLandswould find was incomplete. There ought to be a column for the expenses of working ana for the amount of profit; or it would fail to give the Governmentthe information required. In Committee he should propose in the clause re lating to rent that Is* -be struck out and 6il. inserted, and then that one shilling in the,$ound on the profits, which was equivalent to & per cent., be reduced to 1 per cent. He thought when hon. members bore in mind what he Bad stated they would be inclined to give consideration to those amendments. Air. MURRAY intended to support the second reading, lie could not agree that bringing all the different land lawB into one measure was prema ture, but thought it was one of-ihe best things that could be done. Die arrangement of the Bill was good, and it Bhowed that the matter had been gone into carefully and well wrought out. 'i heie were some considerable alterations proposed, and it was necessary they should be carefully considered. One of vital importance was the increase in the area one man was permitted to hold. That was a popular alteration ; bnt he must say he looked upon it as fraught with eome objections, tie had no doubt it might be for the benefit of agriculturists, especially iu the case of those lands which were a long dis tance from a seaport; but he felt that the cardinal j principle of the land law might be to some extent i infringed i>y allowing selections to the extent of two square miles. The principle of the land law was to settle npon the land a large population- to assist yeomen so that they should be able from their selections to maintain, their families in comfort. Mow, of good land, he believed one square mile was quite sufficient for that purpose, and he feared that by extending the area they might run imo the evil of decreasing the popula tion on the land. It would also increase the com petition for new land. The Bill proposed that present holders of 610 acres should be. at liberty to select another square mile-(Hear, hear)-and they knew that they would be quite anxious to avail themselves of the privilege. (Hear, hear.) They would therefore go into competition with the bona fide new selectors, who were much poorer, but wished to take up a square mile for tbe purpose of fanning it. The very people they wished to settle on the land would therefore to a large extent be shut out. Those who intended to reside on the land were to have preference over those who did not. In conncction with the proposed extension of area, all those who had already-selected were per mitted to apply for an increased area, and tbey stood in the same position as new selectors who were going to reside on the land, BO that new appli cants who had no land were placed in an inferior position. The farmer who bad already selected land could not become a resident on his new selection as well as the -old, and ought not to have preference over another person who had no land and wished to select some. In the 17th clause there was a provision preventing auy selector taking up two blocks of land which were not contiguous. That was not quite in ; accordance with the clause which permitted him j to occupy two blocks. (Mr.Carr-"He must not i take up two blocks not contiguous on the same day.") Of course that altered the case somewhat. In regard to the mode of alienating the land, the system of bidding for first choice might l.e tried, and might put a stop to some of the abuse which existed at present. The provioion that selectors migbt complete their purchases in five years he' ] considered objectionable. {Mr. Oarr-' 'If resident.") He believed the system of obliging those who took up land upon credit to remain the whole term on the land and not beeome freeholders till the end of the nine years was tke proper one. He did not think it would be much benefit to the selectors to be allowed to pay off the principal in small sums. Tne provision that no more than 1,280 acres could j be selected by any one person during his life was | he believed a right one. It "as a common practice at the present time that a man who had selected land as soon as possible disposed of it, and went in again as a selector in another part of the country to do the same thing over again. The principle of the Bill was to settle people in their homesteads upon the land. (Hear, hear.) If they encouraged this migratory propensity the whole object of the Bill would be defeated. (Blear, hear.) With regard to pastoral leases, very few alterations had been made; he thought those that had were im provements. There was one clause providing that new lands should bs stocked in four years, to which valid objection had t-een made, tie did not I believe that in the Far North they could stock new 1 country in four years. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the value of mineral lands, he could not go with Mr. Duncan. He thought the value might fairly be put at 1b. per acre, which would be a benefit to poor unproductive properties, while 5 per cent, on the dividends of paying mines would not be a hardship. Whilst by that tariff the Moonta migbt have to pay double what it had been paying, they sheuld also bear in mind that it could welt afford to pay that, and in the event ef the profit being less the pay ments would be decreased. (Hear, hear.) He should give his be6t support to the Bill and hoped it would ! be carried, and he believed it would be one of the best Land Bills in the Australian Colonies. (Hear, 1 hear.) Mr. RICHARDS said as far as the agricultural clauses of the Bill were concerned it had been well received except by the hon. member for North Adelaide. The increase in the area to two Equare miles he should support, as he believed it would be the means of throwing open and settling a large area north.of Port Augusta. The mineral portion of the Bill he believed would be a great improve ment upon the present mineral laws. He had no hesitation in saying that the present state of those laws had done more to stop new ventures on Yorke's Peninsula than the low price of copper. (Hear.) The payment of certain money into the Treasury had been the means of closing one of the mines and causing t <e discharge of a large number of hands who would other wise have continued to be in employment. Clause 90 said that if any person should seek to obtain a lease of lands upon which improvements had been made he should pay to the Treasury a sum equal to the value of those improvements. That would be very detrimental In the New Cornwall property, for instance, very heavy improvements had been made, but the engine house, &c.;, were in quite a different part of the property perhaps to that which a new Company would attempt to work; therefore they would not be of anything like the value which such improve ment would be assessed at. His idea wag that the first lessee shoald have six months' notice before forfeiture to remove or sell his improvements, and I if not sold they should revert to the Crown to be dealt with as the Government thought proper. He did not object to the Is. per a?re rent, but he had a j decided objection to the royalty on the profits. The lessee paid a fair rent, and he could not 6ee why he should pay a royalty on his profits any more than a squatter. Without alluding to the Wallaroo | or Moonta he would take a non-dividend-paying mine-the Hamley-and he had no hesitation in , saying that the money which it had circulated in the colony in the shape of wages was more than any half-dozen sheep runs in the colony had done. ! If the proprietors should eventually make a profit ! he did not see why they should be called upon to pay a royalty out of it any more than the squatter who made his £5,0 0 or £10,COO a-year. Many would say they should make those rich men pay something to the revenue, and he would be glad to see them pay more than tbey did, hut it must be in an ejuitable manner. He wished they could p«int to a good many Walter Watson Hugheses (Hear, hear)-and that there were others who would invest their money as he had done for the benefit of the Colony. This clause set forth that no Crown lands held for pastoral purposes should be made over for mining except by the permission of the lessee; but at present if a man discovered a mine upon waste lands of the Crown he could go upon it at once, and he hoped therefore that this clause would he struck out, as the holder "of lands mined upon would have the right to sarface water and ether conveniences. If this gwas retained the miner would not be able to go upon the land till six months after discovery. He did not see by this what number of feet a man was entitled to on a miner's fight, and would like to know if the regu- | lacions vere to be repealed as well as the Act of 186L. I Tbe COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. < arr) -The gold-ruining regulations i wen Id be re-issued. Mr. KICHAKDS said clause 102 appeared a mon strous one to him, for under it the Governor had power to grant mineral leases of not more than forty acres, so that every miner could take out that extent of ground under the definition of what j .mining was. Clause-104 which made the gold j mining lease the same as a copper lease, would necessitate a warden for every miner, to see how much gold he obtained and how mueh he. should ' therefore pay to the Stale. It would have been well had the-Government in drawing this portion of the Act, called in the aid of men who had a practical knowledge of what was sought to be accomplishtd. He .thought in aliienating lands some reserve shculd be made of the minerals, both precious and useful; and that was not a new idea of his, for he had some years ago written the Register j upon the subject.' He would xead portions of that i letter in order to sVow what he desiied to see brought about. .If the minerals weie not ' generally reserved they should be so on the lands ! within a short distance of the mines on Yorke's i Peninsula. He was glad to see agriculture pros ' pering there, but at the same time he thought . it should be made easy for a_ prospector to go 1 UDon the aericultural lands. In his letter he said: ; " fc.very section sold will narrow the field of mining i enterprise, consequently the demand for mining i lalxiur aud lower wages for tbe miner must ! inevitably foliow to the injury of all classes. J ? . . What are the benefits derived by trades i men from a few farmers settled on the poor agri i ! cultural Ian-Is around the existing mines compared . to the discovery of only a second- or third class i j copper vein? It is unnecessary to refer to a Moonta iode. bat take for example tbe Paramatta. The ; j workings ot this mine are -cnlv about 300 *.r 400 i . yarns in jenpth by-a few inches to a few feet m i Width; yet thift little tpot lias been the means of . circulating £110,0 0 sterlingin wages alone, leaviDg i . out the j:4'[.060 paid the shareholders, and which i | has no doubt foumd its way back again to the i j district through the medium of other" ventures. \- ?, * \e . area in which copper : °.® has and is being constantly discovered, ; . either m large or small quantities, 'proves tbe : | district to be -one vast field of this metal only 1-' waitmg more experience in mining agents ; combined with confidence on thepaTtof caDitalists I to bring its ;hidden riches to light. . . . . for the benefit bf one iodrH4niiuiT ThisJteaB^e^ine * very importantquestion id ? Victoria «nd"Klls-! bare been introtiu&td; la ParUatoenti»oteatetheJ difficulty, "but. as; yet without succpss., -Their «s-: periehce would teach- us !a lesson, ,and- I *iny>pn-..| fident tbat*beforemanyy ears roll round the auraa-; tion of ting land will' ce looked' npon las oEeof the. mostehort- silzhtedarte any Government ^ld'be guilty of, 'and t>y no section of the community Wh it be more-deplored', than hy.'ite residents or the mining him» of Yotlte't PtBinsiili." tie did pot: Bay that there would be much difficulty in getting, upon land* lb iirpspect,. but the difficulty would come after a rich discovery 'had. been made,; as the owners 61- the land would- then1 want' large sums for permitting the "miner to inine, ' and, CompariteB j would therefore' be prevented ' fiom. operating. . The . question of the reservation of minerals on .laaite .alienated was one of the.fbremost in Victoria, and Mc.-Berry at Geelong had said last, wees;-" A. Mining-on Private, Property Bill: would be obe pf the early measures of the session, and he believed'that as we had got the jdecisioa of the Privy Council that the gold was the property, of the Grown, aud not of the. holder of the Jecsirople, they would and that the measure would soon pass into lnw. If so, ; he was prepared to say that it would be a measure simple in itscharacter, whicih'jshould aim at giving the slightest amount- of obstruction to the men who laboured to get the gold from the bowels of the earth, which, beiug. the properly of the Crown, i was freely given to those industrial classes whose business it was to bring it to the surface. He was convinced that in years to come we would have to pass throuah the same discussion of this subject as Victoria, and it. was better therefore In deal with the question at once. Another thing much required was the appointment of a competent and experienced lnspector.of Mines, without whom be did not see how all the regula tions were to be carried out. He knew that Mr. Goyder was so in name, but'while he did not know that that gentleman was not an experienced -mining J man he thought it was impossible for-him with'the number of other duties he had to do to attend to I this. The salary of a good experienced man would not be thrown away, for if the resources of this colony in minerals were put ptopprly before the British public, and properly repotted on, thou s inds, even millions of English capital would.be attracted here for investment. He noticed tha.t4.be - Speaker had elevated his eyebrows when he spoke of millions of capital being attracted here. . The SPEAlLEB-The hon. member is not in order in taking notice of anything of ,tbe kind. Mr. 1UCHA.UDS wouirt say that millions, of capital was attracted to America for the same kind of investment. He trusted something of this kind wouid be done, and that the Hill would be marie a liberal one. ' _ , Mr. L,AJSDSlSti,R..in looking through the Bill, thought that it seemed to.be the intention of jche Government to make the law as liberal as possible; and disagreeing with Mr. BIyth upom the penal clauses, he thought the Government tod a duty to perform to the community iu protecting it from the dishonest; for it was most undesirable to alienate a large tract of land from)- the Crown and spend a large amount of money in making railways to render it available for the agriculturist, and then allow it to became grass land "again. In- reference to the remarks that Mr. Blyth had made, he must say that he did not see any hardship to tlie agucul turist in being prevented from paying for his laud for nine years, as he .cculd use the capital other wise and get a good interest for it- while he only paid to the Government 3£ per cent upon the money to" be paid for the _ land. (Hear, hear.) It was plain that the intention of the Government was to put the laud into the !-.ands of the bona fide settler; and unless the Govern ment took stringent measures to save the land falling into the hands of large landowners he .eiieved we would live to see that state of things a fact. In the mineral clauses he saw the feame liberal intentions, and while he believed in dealing most liberally with the miner he thought the State should participate in the grand results oh-' tained by the rich Mining Companies. It might be made a matter of interest. He did not believe in Companies having to pay a lumpsum, which might be much too small for one and too great for another. There was another matter of serious moment at the present time, and that was the question of the Northern Territory, for in spite of its failures he believed that fifty »r a hundred years hence that would be one of the grandest of mineral countries in the world. But if we did not take means to open it np and loak aft»r it we would find that people of other colonies would, and at the present time most of the gold being brought away from it was taken by the people of ether colonies, tie was in favour of giving people a means of getting to the fJorthem Territory and back, .and thought it would bfi well for the Government to issue tickets at a small sum \- (Hear, hear)-which would take people not only from this colony but from other colonies there, ani back if they found it did not pay to remain. If that were done, he felt sure- the Territory would not long lie as it had lain for some time. The ft PECKER pointed out that the subject of the Northern Territory was not in this Bill. Mr. LANDSEER would not further refer to it, but would, with regard to other matters in the Bill, use liis best endeav. urs to make the measure as perfect as possible when it left the House, (aear, bear.) Mr. TOWN SEND said it must be a matter of great satisfaction to the Speaker and other eld members of the Heuse to hear the remarks that had fallen from so many members who had pre ceded him, and to see the advance that the N#rth had made of late years-a progress that the most sanguine of them did not anti cipate. Where before there were but a few sheep, were Georgetown, J amestown. Laura, Port Pirie, Port Broughton, aad other large places, aud now with one good season Port Pirie alone would export as much wheat as Port Adelaide used to export 11 years ago. (Hear, hear.) The Korth was becoming very prosperous, for it was not only farmers' sons that were to be found there, but there were with each new place openings for the chemist's shop, the grocery store, and other things besides. - It had been suggested to him-"and the local auctioneer se would not add the local lawyer, as one lawyer could not get on without another to oppose him, and so he would say the local lawyers too. He did not wish to have the appearance of coun tenancing legislation to the injury of the pastoral interest, but he asked the squatters, as feliow colouists, what did they contribute through the Customs to the community ? Every mile of rail road or metal road increased the value of their pro perty, and he thought that if the question were put to the squatters fairlv they would generally recognise the desirability of liberal land laws. He was glad to find that objection had been raised in no part of the House to the Bill passing its second reading. The Bill was creditable to the Government and to the House, and although he believed it emanated partly from the late Government, he regarded it as an heneBtand manly attempt at legislation. A good deal of work remained to be done in Com mittee, and he hoped, seeing their remarks had been so discursive, tbat they would then con fine themselves to the points before the chair. He was very glad to see that the provisions dealing with the mineral interest were of such a liberal character. He would remind them'that a mine employed a great deal of labour, and that no small portion of the money with which this labour, was paid came back to the colony in ad valorem duties. About an eighth of the population of the colony, he believed, was now situated in the District of Moonta, ana but for the Moonta Mine beiog st) successful the Peninsula would not be in such a good position as it was at the present time: (Hear, hear.) The panic which recently; ensued upon the report that a large number of tlie miners at Wallaroo hadbeen thrown out of employment might also he taken as an indication of the real importance which the interest bore to. the colony. Besides, in the natural order of events, miners were but the precursors of agricultural settle ments. In speaking to some large store keepers at the Burra some ;time ago ne was told that they were relying for their trade now, not upon the Buira Mine, but upon the agricultural population surrounding the townanip. When the Bill was in Committee the hoped the Government would accede to any liberal sugges tions made in respect - of iMs portion of .the iJUi. With regard to the;upeet price of land, he believed in aucticn pure and simple-in the idea that a man should have an opportunity ot obtaining the land he wanted. And for this reason he would deal with the public" lands of the colony m.^ust the same way as he would with a private estate. ? Jjet the land be put up at an vpset price, andJet men bid fairly for what they wanted; He was delighted to find that the Govennent had inoreased the area. The old SO-acre system. Under winch the districts of Gumeracha, Onkapannga, and Noar lunca weie formed, had been exploded, ana he hoped that in the future the whole < t their land legislation would be - tempered with a spirit of fairness and liberality. Me must express his disagreement with the senti ments propounded by the hon. member for Worth 1 Adelaide with regard , to criminals. I hp violation of the law by dumniyism was quite as bad as a man picking one's pockets in the streets-(tlear, lieaT)-and he considered it a wise step that pena provisions bad been included m the Bill-not with a view of enabling .the Commissioner of Ciown Lands to deal harshly with any. individual or class -merely to mike men obey the law. ^ The passage of the measure would continue the state of things under which they were ahle to contrast their, legis lation so favourably witn that of the adjoining %°nthe.m& ofMr. BASEDOW, the debate was adjourned tilLGftiefiday, the 26thmst. 