HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, October 17. The Speaker took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITION. Mr. BASED O^' presented a petition from the Mayor and Councillors of U-awler, praying that the House would prevent a further injustice being done to the npnnlfi of (lawler hv causincr them to nav an impost averaging from 1b. 61 to 2s. per ton on all goods received there for manufacturing pur poses as was now the case by the adoption of a graduated scale of railway charges, thereby placing manufacturers of Gawler at a disadvantage in fair con petition with other part3 of the colony north of Gawler. ticeivedand read. SUPPLY BILL NO. 2. A message was received from the Legislative Council, stating that they had agreed to this Bill without amendment. EOYAL METALS BILL, A message was received from the Legislative Council, stating that they had agreed to this Bill without amendment. WALLAEOO AND TICKERA TRACK. Mr. DUNCAN asked-' Is it the intention of the Government to cause the road across the swamp on the Wallaroo and Tickera track to be constructed, as prayed for in Petition No. 149 ?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton) replied :— 'The Government is prepared to cause the road outside the Corporation boundaries to te constructed provided the Corpo ration will make the portion within its boun daries.'' TELEGRAPH OFFICE AT VENUS BAY. Mr. COGLIN asked— 'Is it the intention of the Government to erect a telegraph office at Venus Bay, District of Flinders ?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC W0EK8 (Hon. J. Colton) replied:—' No provision has yet been made for such an office, but a report will be obtained from the Superintendent of Telegraphs on the subject.' LOUTH BAY JETTY. Mr. COG- LIN asked— 'Is it the intention of the Government to place the sum of £2,050 on the Supplementary Estimates during the present ses sioD, for the purpose of extending and completing the Leuth Bay Jetty, in accordance with the report of the Preaident of the Marine Board?' The TREASURER (Hon. R. D. Ross) replied: — ' It is intended to include the sum of £2,050 for the purpose of extending and completing Louth Bay Jetty in the Loan Bill to be introduced this session.' JETTIES AT VENUS AND WATERLOO BAYS. Mr. COGLIN asked—' Is it the intention of the Government to place a sufficient sum on the Sup plementary Estimates for the purpose of erecting a jetty at Venus Bay; alac one at Waterloo Bav, on the West Coast, in the District of Flinders?' The TREASURER (Hon. R. D. Ross) replied :- ' The Government have called for a report and estimate of the cost of erecting jetties at Venus and Waterloo Bays, but the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties and the President of the Marine Board have not yet been enabled to visit the localities.' TERMINUS OF THE NORTH-WEST BEND RAILWAY. Mr. COLES asked—' When the Government inttnd to survey the township at the terminus of the North- Weit Bend Railway?' The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. Carr) replied :—' The survey will be effected when it has been decided what reserves are necessary for the working of the line— a ques tion that ia now under consideration.' PAPERS, The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. J. Carr) laid on the table By-laws of the Corporation of Glenelg. Returns of land granted to the University of Adelaide and Education and Forest Boards. Ordered to be printed. POSTPONEMENT OF BUSINESS. Notices of motion 1 to 5 were made OrderB of the Day for that day week. NO-CONFIDENCE MOTION. Mr. EOUCAUT moved-' That this House disap piqves of the action of the Ministry in the conduct of its business, as needlessly tending to provoke a collision between the two Houses of Parliament.'' In bringing this motion before the House the difficulty he felt was not what to say but what not to say, because any man feeling the very last im portance of the question upon which_ he would have to touch and the infinite ramifications of it in all its bearings, going aa he thought to the very foundations of responsible government, and having studied somewhat all these matters, must neces sarily feel pressed with the magnitude of the Bub ject, as he most undoubtedly did on the present occasion; and he entreated hon. members to con sider, if he was at all remiss in this matter, that it was because he was exceedingly ansious to be as brief as possible. Hon. members had extended to him on two former occasions the indulgence of listening to him on the subject upon which he purposed presently to dwell, and he was vain enough to say that he felt much, gratified at the kind remarks some independent and thoughtful hon. members had made upon them on those occa slcns. He purposed not to go over those remarks asaia— (Hear, hear) -it was difficult to avoid it to some extent, but he felt that it would not be fair to hon. members who had extended their indulgence to him on former occasions. Oa the firat of these o:casion9 he dealt with the subject_ from a consti tutional and Imperial point of view, and on the second from a colonial point of view generally, without on either occasion markedly or specifically bringing home the constitutional principles upon wh'ch he dwelt. The SPEAKER thought the hon, member, had better not refer to former debates. Mr. BOUCAUT had stated all he intended to say on the subject. On the present occasion he intended to deal with the question aa applicable, and pointed to South Australia, and South Aus tralia only. In doing that he would have to refer to what had taken place in Victoria with a view of elucidating the subject from a South Australian standpoint. That the situation was a difficult one every man amongst them knew. (Cheers.) People were beginning, even if they were not past begin ning, to be exceedingly anxious about it and about what was to happen. They thought that even a dangerous struggle between the two Houses would be preferable to the state of apathy and the slough of despoud into which political affairs had got, and rather than that everything Bhould go drifting into the extraordinary and fearful position into which they were undoubtedly gradually drifting, and no wordB of his would more clearly indicate the nature of the situation than the words of the Chief Secretary in Mb speech at Emthburgb, who Eaid that one branch of the Legislature was on strike- He asked any member of that House was it to the credit of South Australia, to the credit of the Legislature, or to the credit of the Government that ihe Chief Secretary Bhould be able to say he (Mr. BoucauO lelieved truthfully that one branch of the Legisla ture was on 6trike. The mere Btatement ehowed as much as anything he could say the exceeding gravity of the situation, because he did not hesitate to say that it was a most discreditable thing that one branch of the Legislature should be on 6trike, and a most discreditable thing to all persons con cerned; and they had now to enquire what had brought thaf strike about, and how best to get rid of it. The Ministry bad beon challenged a^sia and again to give their views on the matter and to test t'-e matter in the way in which Disraeli, Theodore Martin, and Todd pointed cut was the proper »vay when one branch of the Legislature differed with the Government. Bui. the members of the Trea sury benches Bugies'ed lhat this was a mere per sonal struggle, tnd tha' there wasnoreaFon why they should seek tu b ing about a vote of the Home because of the personal nature of the struggle. Hs would for thifpresent le*- tha-. go by. Hon. m in ters on that siae oi the House had been challenged to test the question, and thojgh by con3titutionil maximsand by constitutional writers it would have been [more proper for the Ministry to have done so, following the precedent set by Mr. Disraeli, and though hon. members on that Bide still believed it was the duty of the Government to do it. they had taken upon themselves tbe responsi bility that they need Dot and ought not strictly to have taken upon themselves with a view of reme dying the unfortunate present state of mattera. If there were anything more than the statement of the Chief Secretary, to which he had referred, that one branch of the Legislature was on strike, the statement of the Minister of Agriculture that a great constitutional question way at stake, on which the representatives of the 20,000 were to be set against the representatives of the 40, 000. then the vote which he proposed would be ju5tined-(cheers)— because on an occasion like this, when constitu tional government was on its trial— when un doubtedly there were Berious differences of opinion —when it was the bounden duty of the Ministry to do all they could to heal thoEe differences, he ven tured to say that it was contrary to what was due from Ministers of the Crown to go into the country and add fuel to fire in the way these Ministers had done by the statements he had referred to. (Hear, hear.) The statement that one branch of the Legislature was on strike was undoubtedly emi nently qaulified to offend— he di'l not siy to in3ult and cause ill- feeling; and that was not the duty of a Minister of the Crown to cause. The statement of the Minister of Agriculture that the representa tives of the 20,000 were to be set against the representatives of the 40,000 was calculate^ to coerce; and it was not the duty of a Minister of the Crown in a difficulty like this to coerce, and if he had only these two statements to refer to he would be justified in asking bon. mem bers to say that this vote should be carried. He did not think— he siid this with all respect to them —that all hon. members had really realized all that was in the present situation, all that might be, and the serious consequences of a deadlock. That a deadlock was imminent— nay, they had a deadlock on the authority of the Chief Secretary, and that a much more dangerous deadlock was imminent every thinking man well knew. He would call the attention of hon. members to what a deadlock was by a minute of the Chief Secretary of Victoria resigning the Government on loth March, 1866 :— ' We find ourselves unable to carry on the Govern ment, although we have 53 supporters in an Assembly consisting of 78 members. Within two months of the last general election followed by this result we are compelled to announce that the Government and Assembly conjoined are power less to' pass the measureain favour of which the country at large has so lately and so emphatically pronounced, and we consequently feel that the only alternative now before us is to recommend— which we are not prepared to do— either an abject sub mission upon the part of the Assembly to the para mount rule of the Legislative Council in all subjects relating to the finances of the colony or to resign. We therefore take that course as the only one which with a due regard to the independence of the Assembly and our own credit can be satisfactory to our constituents and the country. A general election had taken place onlysome twelve months before the rejection of the Govern ment Supply Bill by the Council, at which election the constituencies had very generally pronounced in favour of the policy which was afterwards embodied in that measure. Under these circum stanceB it certainly appeared to your Excellency's advisers to be unreasonable in itself, a great hard ship to the Assembly, and a grievous injustice to the constituencies at large, that another general election Bhould be Boon demanded at the instance of a Council which could not be dissolved itself, which could not be modified by increase of members or otherwise, so as to admit of a consti tutional solution of any pending difficulty what soever, and which consequently by a mere pas3ive resistance could and did dictate its own terms for avoiding the constitutional deadlock which appeared to be imminent. The Government felt that the suggested dissolution was the only course which seemed likely to afford the means of termi nating the contention between tbe two Chambers.' Although Mr. McCulloch had 53 supporters, and although two general elections had supported his policy, he could not carry on the Government, the reason being his seeking to force upon the Legis lative Council an Appropriation Bill with a tack, the Appropriation-cum-Tariif BilL The Legisla tive Council defeated him because he had to separate the two Bills. Sir Charles Darling, in writing to tbe Secretary of State on these matters, said he had been accused of givi\yt a triumph to the Legislative Assembly by endeavouring to coerce the Legislative Council, but that that charge at all events could not be brought against him, because cs a matter of fact that battle the Legisla tive Council won, as the tack had to be sepa rated. But it left a good deal of ill blood behind it, ana things did not end there. The Assembly under the guidance of Mr. Higinbotham, who was the greatest spirit concerned, went in for another struggle with tbe Council, which to a certain ex ent commenced in 1868. The Darling grant of £20.000 had been put in the Appropriation Act, and the Council rejected it. There was then a dis solution. That question alone was put to the country— shall the £20.000 be included in the . Appropriation Act ? The country by a large m.jority of 58 members to 28, the same which Mr. McCulloch spoke of in 1S6S, insisted that the grant should be put in the Appro priation Act and dealt with in no other way. (Mr. Ward— 'Hear, hear.'') The Governor would not put it in because he had instructions from the Secretary of State to the contrary, and Mr. McCulloch resigned on March 13, 1868. From Msrch 13 to May 29, more than two months, day by day the Victorian Parliament adjourned because the Governor could not get a Ministry, and, although tbe members of the Assembly were sworn in on March 13, Parliament could not be opened till May 29, when it was opened under a Government formed by Mr. Fellowes. From May 29 to J uly 9 there was a daily sttugjzle very Bimilar to the struggle of the younger Pitt in the Imperial Parliament— addresses to the Governor, vo'eB of no confidence, refusals to go on with Supply, daily embarrassment, daily struggles. The Governor point-blank refused to send down a message covering the £20,000, and finally did so on the assurance that it should not be included in the Appropriation Act but in a separate Bill. The Opposition desired to get a rcespage down covering the whole of the supplies of Ihe year, so aa to include the jt.20.C00 in an Act with other supplies; and so the fisht went on, and it might have con tinued to this day only the following Governor received on the 8th or 9th July a telegram from the Secretary of State setting forth that Sir Charles Darling had resigned his claim to the £20,000, and hud elected to go back to the service of the Colonial Office. And that solved the difficulty. That was the national outcome of the deadlock to which he bad referred, and Victoria waB suffering from it still. They Baw from the telegrams day by day that the question was not settled in Victoria yet, and they did not know to what extent that had damaged responsible government in Victoria and the neighbouring colonies, and the monetary injury which Victoria must have suffered from that deadlock alone, and the way it was broufiht'about. It was with the view of pro teEtirg against such a state of things being brought about here that he was on the floor of the House that day. (Cheers.) A mere strike in the Legisla tive Council was a difficult and dangerous thing to deal with; but when they had the strike complica ted with personal matters, as this strike was— which he certainly regretted, but it was not that House which brought them iD, and which he thought perhaps the members of the Legislative Council did not import into it— when they had such grave constitutional matters involved, it became the duty of every man who wished that the country should be governed according to the rrinciple-j of responsible government to Bay to what extent he would be led by any Ministry in the dangerous cause on which he said this Ministry were embarking them. The Imperial Parliament. Governors, Secretaries of State, all had pointed out the absoiule necessity under our system of government, of moderation, conciliation, and compromise. He did not wish to say one word which would tend to increase ill feeling, but he charged the Ministry— perhaps they thought they were acting rightly— with a course of conduct dangerous to the constitution of South Australia. He had been challenged to find an analogous case in Todd to the position assumed by the Legislative Council as regarded the personal aspect of the matter. He first of all denied that it was a per sonal matter. (Hear, hear.) He would show this more fully presently; but for the present he accepted the challenge as put to him. He could not find a precedent in England for such a case. (Hear, hear.) But why? They would not find in Encland a man who would remain in office— (cheeis)— a man who, to keep power, would bring abo'-.t a deadlock. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible that the self-respect of any member of thj House of Lords would allow him to remain in office a minute after such a vote as that which had been passed by the Council of this province. (Hear, hear.) Nor would they find in England a Ministry which would dare to face the people and at the fame time impose a Minister upon the House of Lords under Buch circumstances. Even if they were able to find a Ministry so lost to the full grasp of constitutional government, they had the Queen behind, and Her Majesty would not permit a Government to pursue such a course. Upon these three principles, then, he had found it im possible to find a precedent in England, because they could not find in existence a set of facts which wculd lead to the same sort of thing as the present Ministry and its Chief Secretary were bringing about in South Australia. There were many pre cedents in England where, on questions of policy -and they had been told that this waa a question of policy— Ministers had taken a vote; but_ he pave the go-by to that phase of the question. It had also been suggested that tbe Legislative Councd had no right to have any personal grounds. He was not concerned to defend the Legislative Counci1. But he would ask thinking men whetl; er a case nrgM not be put in which the Legislative (jourcil ?b.1 u right to deal witb psrsonJ matters aud if it lid tot a right to do bo but under a cer tain srt of circumstances it would forfeit all its claims to the respect which the country owed it if }uCld ?ot ta!je cognizance of personal matters, (bear, hear.) They were told by all constitutional writers and statesmen that it was the duty of a Government to avoid personal matters, to conduct business in a conciliatory manner, and to endeavour to keep the two Houses in harmony; and that if these, conditions were not fulfilled it was a pre rogative of the Crown to insist that a Ministry should take office which would fulfil them. (Cheers.) That. was his answer to the questions put to him relative to personal matters. He had been taunted with the fact that he wa3 making a precedent to aid the Legislative Council. He wished to say distinctly that he had no wish whatever to increase the power of the Legislative Council in South Australia, and he would willingly aid any constitutional means of diminishing its power to a certain extent and in some respects. He had advo cated and was still prepared to advocate a reform of the Legislative Council. (Hear, hear.) But how long had that reform been postponed by the action of hon. members opposite? (Mr. Celton— ' No.') Was the Legislative Council likely in a calm and judicious spirit to deal with reform this session? (Cheere.) What had happened since the promise they had had in the matter? He was dealing with the world as it waa and with men as he found them, and he attributed the postpone ment of the question to the conduct of Ministers. But whether or not this was the case, he was prepared to advocate a wise and moderate reform of the Legislative Council, democratic as he undoubtedly was and always had been in his sympathies, and because he thought that nothing worse for South Australia could happen than the total sweeping out of the Legislative Couucil. He had always Baid this, not only in the House but on the hnstingB. (Hear, hear) The Council would have fa- en into the position of a mere register of the edicts of any Ministry of the day if it had sub mitted to the coercion which had lately been attempted. It was exceedingly unfair to say that he was making a precedent to aid the Legislative Council, and he would remind the Premier of what he had said when he turned him out of office. He had Baid that if they a lowed the then Government to carry on in the House of Assembly he was sure from the temper of another place and from the manner in which a certain gentleman was conducting himself that it would be impossible to carry measures there. (Hear, hear.) This was the hon. member's justification for removing him from office. (Mr. Colton-' One.'') That, at all events, was what the hon. member had said was one of his reasons; but if it were a reason and he gave it, he would ask who made the precedent. (Cheers ) He might have resisted the vote of the kouse of Assembly on the occasion to which he had referred, as he might have done in one or two ways— because he did not hesitate to say that he had a large degree of support and respect from His Excellency Governor Musgrave— but one of the main reasons which prevented him from taking the steps he might have taken on that occasion was the knowledge that as one of the consequences of tlut action a collision with the other branch of the Legislature might ha\e foilowed-a contingency which no man would bring about if he could possibly help it (Cheers.) He thought it safer for the country that the gentlemen opposite should go in and keep office rather than that he should remain in with the possibility of bringing about a collision between the two Houses. This was the contingency he had thought of; and while in office he had spoken of the Legislative Council with more respect than the present Ministry. (Mr. Colton— ' No.') He challenged any member of the House to find one disrespectful word of hia concerning the Council while he was in office. (Hear, hear.) He did not say that the Legislative Council was on strike. (Hear, hear.) If ne were in the Council, and had used the expression in reference to the House of Assembly, he ventured to say that hon. members would 5 not] have considered it re spectful. (Hear, hear.) Ho not only gave tbis question serious consideration on retiring from office, but he had had conversations with Governor Musurave and Sir Rjchard Hanson; and he had valuable papers, which, should it become necessary hereafter, were at the service of Ministers of the Crown in connection with any , advice they might have to give to His Excellency. He mentioned tbis to show that it was not a mere afterthought when he stated that the possibility of a collision between the two Houses had had a most anxiouB consideration on his part. They were told that the Legislative Council had no right to be personal. He would point out, however, that it was not purely a personal matter; it was eminently constitutional. It was admitted by the Govern ment that they, made a mistake originally, and a grave mistake it was ; but they were also told that it had been condoned, and the expression ' storm in a teacup' had been applied to the aspect of affairs. He held that the expression waa utterly inapplicable even at the outset of the case, where privileges laid down in the Statute-book as belong ing to one branch of the Legislature were attacked and jealously guarded by the branch to which they belt need. They had the admisaion that a grave mistake was made. And what did the Chief Secretary do? He would refer hon. members for an answer to.the 'Votes and Proceedings' of the Legislative Council, and would not refer in any other way to what the hon. gentleman had said, although he noticed that in the Imperial Parliament members of one House referred to the members of another. He would not, however, bring this matter before Mr. Speaker that day; but to come to the 'Votes and Proceedings,' he' contended that the answer of the Chief Secretary on the 12th June, 1877, that the money for the buildings was expended on the authority of the Government, after he knew that the Legisla tive Council objected to it, was insisting on a right on the authority of the Government alone to erect the buildings- (cheers)-and he further main tained that tnis was not a conciliation, but rather an aggravation of the difficulty— (cheers)— as was the conduct of tbe head of the Government in fhe House of Assembly on the 10th July, 187,T. The House of Assembly, however, rejected the motion which the hon. member sought to get carried on tbatoccaEion out of respect to the feelings of the Legislative Council, and because it felt that it was unfair to that Chamber, to entertain a motion having eo unmisUkable an appearance of coercion. (Hear, hear.) The Btatement of the Chief Secretary that the Council was on strike, and of the Minister of Agriculture and E lucation that it was a question of 20.U00 electors against 40,000, did not look very much like conciliation, (dear, hear.) Worse than all was the introduction of an item on the Estimates —(cheers) — when the Govern ment knew that the members of the Legislative Council objected to the - xpenditure. Members of the Council had waited on the Chief Secretary with adeputation and protested against it, and attention was subsequently called to the matter in the Legislative Council, and the Government gave bad advice to the Governor. (Cheers.) He did not attribute wicked advice, because he nid not believe the Government thoroughly realized the situation; but after knowing that the Legislative Council objected to the item they should never have ad vised His Excellency to recommend the House to have the item included in the Estimates. The item beii p bo included the House was placed in a {dangerous and false position. The Miniatera could not with Belf-respect ask their friends to vote against it, and if any Miaister Bpoke on this ques tion he would ask him to Bay what the intentions of the Government were relative to this vote— as to whether they intended to press it or reject it. Whichever course was pursued the Government would be dealing unjustly with one branch of the Legislature. It would be a grave injury to the Legislative Council to press it, and an insult to the House of Assembly to strike the item off after the declaration which had been made as to the con stitutional nature of the question. This was not an af terthought-;-(Hear, hear)— nor was it a matter which was mentioned now for the first time. He had suggested to Mr. Speaker when the matter was first brought forward that it was an improper course, and he had told the hon. member for Vic toria that he must vote agamBt it on that ground. (Hear, hear.) This was the culmination of the inproper conduct of the Government. He would not trouble the HouBe with any extracts, although be bad several, as to the English position. fle had, however, some emphatic oueB from a colonial point of view. It was laid down by all constitutional writeiB -Todd and May, for instance —that when the Legislative Council had a right to express an opinion upon an item of policy that item ought not to be included on the Estimates. We had accepted this maxim because Par liamentary i*aperNo. 92 contained a rcsumS of the whole affair. He found that this House had accepted tbe following resolution of the Legislative Council:— '3. That this Council further declares ils opinion that all Bills the object of which shall be to xaife money whether by way of loan or other wise, or to warrant the expenditure of any portion of the same, thall be held to be Money Bills. 4. 11; at it shall be competent for this Council to si ggest any alteration in any such Bill (except that portion of the Appropriation Bill that provides for the ordinary annual expenses of the Government), and in case of tuch suggestions not being agreed to by the House of Assembly such Bills m,iy be re turned by the House of Assembly to this Cjuncil for reconsideration, in which case the tiill shall either be assented ta or rejected by this Council as originally passed by the House of Assembly. 5. T at this Council while ciaijnhig the full right to real with the monetary affairs of the province does not consider it desirable to enforce its right to deal with the details of tbe ordinary annual expenses of the Government, lhat on the Appropriation Bill in the usual form being submitted to this Council, this Council shall if any clause therein appear objectionable demand a conference with the House of Assembly to state tbe objections of this Council and receive information.' Imperial authority on this point was also overwhelming, and it was a breach of constitutional practice to introduce a. vote such as this in reference to the Parliament BuiWinea into an Appropriation Act. (Mr. Colton— No. ) He w's glad to hear that 'Ho;' it showed that tne hon. member was ignorant of the true posi tioD (Cheers.) Italso showed that hop. members on tie Treasury benches had not read what had taken place in Victoria and applied it to this case. There had been two deadlocks between the two Houses in Victoria, but the principle involved was the same. One arose out of tacking a Tariff Bill to a Supply Bill, and the other -xme of including £'20.0 j0 on the Estimates, which in tbe opinion of the Legislative Council should not have baen so included. The principle involved was the same as the inclusion of the ?^'O.COO t. our Tiiiimt** this cc^sicn. (Cheers ) Be would . ask him to listen care! oily to a despatch from the Hon. E. Cardwell, dated December 27, IS 65, communicating Sir Charles Darling's excuses for following the advice of his Ministry. It was as follows :—' The plea that taxes are levied in this country on a vote of the House of Commons before they are imposed by law is manifestly irrelevant. Such taxes are bo levied because it ia not doubted that the Bill imposing them as from the date of the resolution of the House of Commons on which the Bill is founded (and after which only they are levied) will become law by the concurrence of the two other branches of the Legislature. If such concurrence were withheld, the sums so levied by anticipation would be repaid, and they would of course be no longer levied. But in the preBent case, you and your Government were perfectly aware that the Bill would not receive the sanction of the whole Legis lature, and the exaction of these duties was not in anticipation but in defiance of the judgment of the Legislative Council. It was, therefore, not only in its origin unlawful, but there even was every reason to presume that it would remain so.' (Mr. Ward— 'It has nothing to do with the caso.') It had everything to do with it. It was an analo .gous point of constitutional law that a Bill of Supply should not be sent up to the Legislative Council covering some item to which it might object. This was what the Secretary of State was dealing with. The despatch continued:— 'The Queen's representative iB justified in deferring very larcely to his constitutional advisers in matters of policy and even of equitv; but he is imperatively bound to withhold the Queen's authority from all or any of those manifestly unlawful proceedings by which one political party or one member of the body politic is occasionally tempted to endeavour to establish its preponderance over another.' (Cheers.) The levying of taxes on the resolution of the House of Assembly was lawful so long as it did not know the Council objected, but it was unlawful when the Government knew of that objection. On the 26th January, 1866, the Hon. E. Cardwell wrote another elabo rate despatch to Sir Charles Darling:— ' I make every allowance for the position of the G overnor of a colony who finds himself calied upon by his responsible Ministers, with the concurrence of the Legislative Assembly, to adop^, for the pur pose of overcoming an immediate difficulty, mea sures in their nature questionable, but which in the opinion of his legal advisers are within the letter ef the law. I cannot, however, avoid expressing my entire dissent from that portion of your despatch in which you speak of tbe concurrence of the Council in Bills of Supply and Appropriation as merely formal in its nature, of the alleged disregard of their legislative rights as insignificant, and of their complaints as frivolouB and easily refuted. It iB evidently a matter not merely formal but essen tially of substance aa well aa of form to pa68 by in the way in which you have been advised to pass by the decision of one branch of the legislature, and the principles in issue appear to me to have been so plain, and the riRht rule of conduct so clear, that I cannot but regret your having deferred to the advice which you received.' The advice was precisely the Bame as that which Ministers in this colony had tendered to the Governor. (Cheers, and cries of 'No' from the Treasury benches ) In the despatch of February £2, recalling Sir Charle3 Darling, it was pointed out that by the collection of the tax on the vote of tbe HouBe of Assembly alone— 'The Supreme Couit and the Legislative Council were practically deprived of the power with which the Constitution intended to invest them. This conduct on your part involved a grave responsibility, and it has led by natural consequence to the address which 1 have now to consider.' The attention of the Governor was called to the mistake he made in following the advice of the Ministry, and the despatch Bummed up thus:— 'Her Majesty's Government have no wish to interfere in any questions of purely colonial policy, and only desire that the colony shall bs governed in conformity with the principles of responsible and constitutional government, subject always, to the paramount authority of the law.' He maintained that the Government was not seek ing to covern the colony in accordance with the principles of responsible government, and that it had evaded the whole of the principles which the Secretary of State had laid down in the despatch he had just read. Doubtless the distinction drawn by Ministers would be that the despatch related to the levying ot a tax on the resolution of the House of Assembly, and they would say that this was something very different. Be was dealing now with the placing of the £10,060 on the Estimates. (Uear, hear.) On the 1st January, 1858. the despatch of the Hon. E. Card well to Sir Henry Manners-Sutton in reference to the inclusion of tb^ £20,000 in the Appropriation Act was us follows : —'It is impossible not to regret that the Legis lative ABBembly Bhould have thought it advisable to include in the Appropriation Bill a grant excep tional in its character and notoriously obnoxious to a large portion of the Upper House, instead of send ing up that grant in a form in which it might have received a full and deliberate discussion, I cannot be surprised that the Council, representing as it does so large an amount of the property and in telligence of the colony, should have viewed thiB mode of proceeding as an attempt to coerce them into sanctioning without due deliberation a grant of which they questioned the propriety.' Every word of the despatch was applicable to the state of affairs in this province. (Cheers.) The despatch continued :— 'It is the opinion of Her Majesty's Government that the Queen's represen tative ought not to he made the instrument of euabling one branch of the Legislature to coerce tbe other, and therefore that you ought not again to recommend the vote to the acceptance of the Legislature under the 57th Article of the Constitu tion Act, except on a clear understanding that it will be brought before the Legislative Council in a manner which will enable them to exercise their discretion respecting it without the necessity of throwing; the colony into confusjon. If I refrain from giving you a positive instruction to this effect, it is only because I am unwilling to bind you irre vocably to a specific course of conduct uuder cir cumstances which may have materially changed before this despatch reaches you.' Was not this what they had been saying to the Ministry these two months paBt?-(cheers)-and had not the Go vernment positively defied the principles which the despatches laid down? (Renewed cheers.) With regard to this inclusion of items in an Appropria tion Act, Sir Henry Barkly, one. of the most able Governors the Australian Colonies had ever had, had refused to follow the advice of his Ministry to include provision for the payment of members in the Appropriation Act. This wa3 done in Melbourne years ago, and the prin ciple now involved here was the same. All the others were instances, and he could find scores of them. It was not the question whether it was payment of members or the Darling vote, but it was the principle involved. The Legislative Council here was far more powerful than that in Victoria by the Constitution. (Mr. Ward-' Hear hear.) Then how mad it was for the Minister who chteren|his sentiment now to have said a short time since that the question waa one of 20.U00 againrt 40,000 electors. (Mr. Ward-' What did you do in Ifc75?') The Minister aaked him what he did in 1875\. He prorogued with a viuw to enabling the Lt-gitlative Council to consider a question of policy. But what a vast difference there was between a question of great public policy on which the Council had a right to express its opinion, but on which it ought to defer to the people and the House 0' Assembly, and a question of the privileges of the Legislative Council, in which it ought to defer to. no House and no people. (Hear, hear.) There was nothing bo strongly and so bitterly, fought out by the upper branch of the Legislature in England and the colonies aa questions of form which covered questions of substance; and it was em phatically laid down that that which resulted in the sweeping away of the Upper House of France was that that House had not maintained its rights in matters of form. Therefore constitutional writers again and again Eaid the upper branch of the Legis lature could not and ought not to give way, except cf course after a very long struggle, when they might. The Crown in France was at one time much leys powerful than the Crown in England, owing to (he lrfluence of the great French Lords and Dukes, but afterwards became more powerful tban the Crown in England, because the House ol Peers in France abandoned its privileges in matters of form to submit to conciliation and a compromise. In his action in lS75he was undoubtedly going accord ing to constitutional right when he prorogued in order to give the Upper House a fair opportunity of considering a matter of public policy on which the people were at one with him. fle did not want to go into the matter that day, though be still thought it would have been wiserand better for the country if the Legislative Council had yielded. Bat that question was a different one from an attempt Buch as theBe Ministers were making to ride rough ehod over the Legislative Council and its forms and privileges. (Cheers ) The Council might yield to public opinion in matters of public policy, but it was a different thing when a Government tried to cairy away the entrenchments cf the Legislative Council, and to say to tbein— ' Your standing Ordeis and privileges mutt be at the mers ipse dixit of any men.' (Cheers.) It was the bounuen duty of hon. members in that House and in the Legislative Council to do all they could to compro mise when serious difficulties arose. But Ministers had civen no hint of any wish to conciliate. Up to tbe present time they had not attc-mjjted to do bo. Without referring to the addretses the legislative Council recently pre sented to the i overnor, it would be Been that they were exceedingly reluctant to proceed to tbe length they d'.ti; yet up to the present time ihere bad been nothing but defiance on the part of the Government, and they had been told by a member of the Government that they were on strike. He maintained that until recently there had not been the Bl'ghtest attempt at a moderate compromise, which wa3 the bounden duty of the Government. (Cheers.) He said until recently, because he noticed another tone within the last week. He did not know why, or wish to suggest why. O^anghter.) He had noticed it and so had others. (Mr. Colton— 'There has been no difference at all.') It was for them on this side of the House to judge of the altered tone. (Laughter.) It had been freely stated|tbat he concocted the bugbear of dissolution. (Mr. Ward— 'Hear, hear.') He emphatically denied it— (Opposition cheers)— and any man who said bo and knew what had taken place did not speak the truth and knew it. That was the challenge he threw out on the floor of the HouEe. He did not raise the question of the bug beir. (Mr. Bray— 'The dissolution.') he thinked the Attorney-General; hemtantthjdis 8 ution. That was a slip, tlie word 'bnsi'.ear' was not his; ho disclaimed all responsibility for it. (Laughter.) It waa a word used in reply to him. There were supporters of the Government who knew that some members of tbe Ministry talked about a dissolution. He did not mention names because he had no authority for doing eo. One of them mentioned it yesterday in' the presence of several hon. members The Government themselves would not say they had not talked about it. All they said was they had not 'seriously considered' it. (Laughter.!. In his opinion it would be the maddest and weakest thing to invent the cry of a dissolution at the present time, and therefore how could he bet accused of such a monstrously improper thing? (Jir. Coglin-' Quite so,' aud laughter.) Hon. members had a right to express their opinions about a dissolution. Of course the Ministry, subject to the Crown, were to this extent masters of the situation, that they could advise a dissu lution. But that House could alBO tender advice, and it would not be unbecoming or indecorous or them to look at the question from a colonial standpoint. (Cheers.) He did not know what advice the Government might give. Up to the present they had only acted inconsiderately and thoughtlessly, but they would be deliberately acting dangerously and wickedly if after the present crisis and defeat they should take upon themselves the responsibility of advising a dissolution. (Cheers.) What would a dissolution be for? A dissolution was a proper remedy on a great question of pu.lh policy, where the people might be called upon t ?- express an opinion ; but when the pure question was whether tbe Legislative Council should be driven from its proper privileges a dissolution would be dangerous and improper, because neither the House nor the people wished for it. (Cheers.) If the people were agitating for the absolute sweeping away of the Upper House he could then understand the reason for a dissolution. But at present the Legislative Council was an important part of the Constitution, and to have a dissolution merely with a view to making it yield its privileges would be a moustroua and ridiculous act. Nothing could come of it. If every member waa returned— as five out of six were returned in Victoria-pledged to require the Council to cive way, the Legislative Council would say as it had said in Victoria, 'On matters of public policy we will Rive way when the people have shown a determination that the policy shall be carried out; but we deny the right of the people or the Assembly to say we are to yield tue privi leges which the Constitution Act has given us.' flow could the Ministry think that the Legislative Council here would give way! They admitted it was stronger than the Legislative Council in Vic toria, He asked hon. members to consider, free from passion, whether it would be for the iuterests of South Australia for the Legislative Council to yield after it had gone to the length it had gone. He spoke with great responsibility on that point because he had always been, and was still, au ad vocate for the privileges of the House of Assembly; but he did not think it would be a good thing for South Australia that the Council should yield after it had gone to the present length. The danger of yielding would be greater than the danger of main taining its privileges. (Cheere.) With every democratic sympathy he had he knew there were a great number of persons in South Australia and in England who looked, to the Legislative Council for the exercise occasionally of a wise and firm moderation in opposition to a mere fleeting passion of the moment. If they forced the Legis lative Council to yield now that would go far towards weakening the Council's power in future to exercise that wise and sound moderation. It was because he believed that and saw the danger in every phasi of the question -that it would be dangerous for the Assembly to be beaten ; that it wou'd be dangerous for the Legislative Council to be beaten; and that it would be dangerous for the Government to be mixed up in such a difficulty— that he was taking his present responsible position. Individually he would far sooner take power after a general elec tion than now, but recognising the responsibility of the situation he maintained that it would be far better for South Australia and for the future history of responsible government here, better for the Legislative Council, and emphatically better for the House of Assembly that the motion should be carried and other Ministers should be placed on the Treasury benches. (Cheers.) The ATTOENEY-GENEBAL (Hon.J.C. Bray) said the hon. member who had just resumed htu seat had refrained from using language calculated to irritate anybody, because he had taken t«ro or three sentences from aflerdinner speeches made by the Minister of Education and the Chief Secre tary and made them his text. (LauRhter.) And the pith of the hop. member's Bpeech was that ttie coercion with which he charged the Ministry was contained in those two spet ches, and for those speeches the Ministry Bhould be removed from office. (Laughter.) The hon. member began by Quoting the Chief Secretary's Btatement that the Legislative Council was on strike; and here and there throughout his speech those words came in. The hon. member Baid he never used lauguage to irritate the Legislative Council, but that this lan guage of the Chief Secretary was of that kind. What were the facts of the case? Was not the Legislative Council on strike at the time the words were used? The Council met on August 7, August 14, and August 21, and adjourned without doing any business. Was it not a proper thing thsrefore to say they were on strike? fle took the words to mean that the members of the Legislative Council were not proceeding with the business of the country, and no one could deay that who looked, at the Votes and Proceedings. He maintained that the wordB were not calculated to irritate anybody. The hon. member said he did not wish to repeat what he had said on previous occasions. The hon. member succeeded in that, and why? Because it would not have tallied with what he said that day. He said lie looked at the question from a colonial point oi view, and he asked hon. members to do the sam-i. He hed referred to what took place in Victoria iu con nection with the rejection of the Supply Bill, but it should not be forgotten that something waa Ucke^ on to that Bill with a view to givinR a grant to 8ir Charles Darling. No one could say that the two cascB were analogous. On this point May (page 581) said:— 'The constitutional power of tiie Commons to grant Supplies without any inter ference on the part of the Lords has occasionally been abused by tacking to Hills of Supply enact nitnts which in another Bill would have bean rejected by the Lords, but which being contained in a Bill that their Lordships had no right to amend muBt either have been suflered to pass unnoticed or have caused the rejection of a measure highly necessary for the public service. SucU a proceeding invades the privileges of the LordB no less than the interference of their Lordships ia matters of Supply infringes the privileges of tha CommonB, aud has been resisted by protest, by conference, aud by the rejection of the Bills. On tie 9th L'ecember, 1702, it was ordered and declared by the Lords, ' That the annexing any clauee or clauses to a Bill of Aid or Supply, th3 matter of which is foreign to, and different from, the matter of the said Bill of Aid or Supply, is un parliamentary, and tends to the destruction of the Constitution of this Government.' There have been ijo recent occasions on which clauses have been irregularly tacked to Bills of Supply in order to extort the consent of the Lords ; but so lately as 1807 the above Standing Order waa read in the Lords, and a Bill for abolishing fees in the Irish Customs rejectedion the third reading. In that case tbe clau e had been inadvertently allowed to form part of a Bill, and it ia extremely doublfu whether it was a tack within the intention of tne Standing Order, as the Bill was not one of suppiy for the current year, and the clause was not irre levant to the other enactments of the Bill; and ia the Bame year the LordB rejected the MuU Duties Bill 'on account of its containing multifarious matter,' upon which the Commons parsed an itner Bill omitting Home of the matters contained in the former Bill.' There was nothing in thu. to justify the comparison made by Mr. Bqucaiit. He had blamed the Government for including the amount in the Estimates for the curient year. What could the Government do but that? llow else were they to prepare for the expenditure ? (Hear, hear.) There might be something iathe point raised by Mr. Boucnut if it had been do no after the Council had deliberately refused to pro ceed with the.matter ; but the Estimates were laid on the table accompanied by the Governor's message on June 26, 1877, and it was only on that day that not ce was given in the Council by the House of Assembly of the motion— ' That ia tue opinion of thiB Council the action of the Govern ment in deciding on a Bite aud commencing the building of tbe new Houbeb of Parliament uefore the sanction of both Houses waa obtained i« un constitutional and does not meet with the approyal of tbe Council.' That motion waa not ijiscuwea till four or five daye. When the Estimates were brought in theie was nothing done intlie Uouiwil to lead the Government to believe that the placiug of the turn on lheEstimates would be ohjecteil.to by tiie LegiFlative Council, (Hear, hear.) It was on June 13 that Mr. Hawker a motion was carried that the buildings be proceeded wit li, and 13 lavs after that the amount waa included ia the Esti mattB. Mr, Boucaut complained that the Govern ment had not Bhown a spirit of moderation, concilia tion, and compiomiBe. This case was different from the one quoted by him, which referred to a tax which iras being levied from tlay to day. The fact was that here tbe expenditure wms lusuiin without the Eanction of the Council, but afterwards all reasonable means were taken to obtain tiieir consent, the Government Btooping the expendi ture that was going on until that was asku-J for. (Htar, hear.) He had always endeavour..-'! f.o speak respecifully of hon. members in the Legisla tive Council, although he would be sorry to see the pcweiB of that House restricted, (i'us lion. jj. (i)jde— 'You said just now they were on strike.') Mr Boucaut had challenged anyone toatrj-vhe lid Kpoben disrespectfully of hon. gen'.lo'n-n in another place. Hon. members who were preEent during 1875, when Mr. Boucaut was iu tffice, would remember not only what he Baid, but also hia manner of Baying it. If hon. members referred to what took ulace i ' ? he LeRislEtwe Council immndiately afterwards, they would Bee that Mr. Boucaut's words and his actions were considered offensive in another phwti. He would read some cf those words an 1 ask 'on. members whether they were such words of modera tion, conciliation, and compromiss as he now said tbe Government should use, or n-iieiher they «ere calculated to coerce the Legishtive Council and deirivetbeuj of the power they properly had of lakiig uatt ir. the public business Ihe words were tphkti- when the Staiuws JtJill was rejected lor the second time by the Legislative Council Mr, 'V. ^to be addressed to this House? Is the whole Keof policy of the House of Assembly in the j£mA financial matters, in the gravest financial Sfeis, to be influenced only by what would ba thought in another place ?| (Cheers.) Are we to so hat in hand weighing every word ire utter? (Mr. Bray— 'I don't waut you to.') But [what dees it come to but that ? I would never carry on the Government of South Australia— I would never be in a Government if that course was pursued. I wou'd go into the place of real power. If that is to toe the case I have done for the future with the House of Assembly. I have had the honour of leading the House in a difficult position. I have bad the honour of getting the respect of the House of Assembly in different offices, but I should then have done with it. Then the real place of power ?would be the Legislative Council, and I would endeavour to get a position there. That is the course I should pursue if that was to be the case. 1 will not betray the privileges of this House and of the people of South Australia. What I have suggested is not the case cow, but things are iapidly coming to that. We have given way, we have dropped Bills, we have considered their suggestions, we have accepted their amend ments, we have weighed our words for fear of giving offence, and every year it has been getting more serious. I will not longer gubmit to it.' He well remembered how the hon. member said 'I will no longer submit to it; I am the Premier of South Australia.' (Laughter.) The last words were not in the report. The hon. member then went on— 'The time has come when the people of South Australia must rally round their representatives. That has been done by the Legislative Council in two sessions which has never been done by any Upper House under the British Constitution.' (Mr. Bouc3ut— 'Hear, hear.') Ihe Council had in that case merely exercised their undoubted right to consider and reject a Bill on a question of taxation. (Hear, hear.) The Legis lative Council also came in for a good deal of abuse from Mr. Hawker, who had just cheered the remarks of Mr. Boucaut as to 'moderation, con ciliation, and compromise.' That was in 1875. Since then a marvellous charge had come over the hon. member for 'Victoria. Now every word and act of the Legislative Council should be respected. In 1875 he said :— 'Looking at the 'constituent parts of that upper branch of our Legislature at the present time, and comparing it with the House elected at the first time after we had our Constitution, what a mon strous contrast it presents. (Cheers.) No man was then elected who was not a representative man in every meaning of the word. We had then in the upper branch of the Legislature men who had been resident here for a vast number of years, many of them ever since the colony was founded— some landed amongst the first colonists— men who repre sented every interest— men of large and broad ideas, who could look at each subject care fully, and not look to questions as they might affect them personally. Contrast that Council wit h the present, and look at the majority who threw out the Bill. (Loud cheers.) I mate no allusion to two or three of the gentlemen who nave distinguished themselves in our Legislature, and I regret that such! men like Duffieid an4 Ever3rd should have lent themselves to reject the Bill that was rejected yesterday. I know Sir Henry Avers entertains ?strong views on the matter, and I find no fault with him for having done the same on this as on a former occasion. But when you look at the rest, are they men of large minds? But not content ?with that, the hon. member went back to their ancestors. Are their antecedents-(an hon. member— 'Not their ancestors,' and laughter)— such as to constitute them judges in opposition to the united opinion of the Legislature, and I say, without any flattery to this House, that ever since we have had Houses of Parliament and aHouse elected by the people, we never have had an Assembly that has combined more intellect and more intelligence and more common sense than the members of the present House of Assembly.' That statement was most lustily cheered from all sides of the House, and the hon. member seemed to hit the feelings of the majority. ' It is a mon strous thing that by such a majority aa one such an important Bill, vital as it was to the interests of the colony, should be rejected by men the whole of whose brains apparently would not fill a nutshell.' (Loud laughter.) fie would ask hon. members to consider that this was a very important matter. They were asked to say that this Government was not fit to remain on the Treasury benches because they had shown a want of moderation, conciliation, and spirit of compromise, and they were asked to look to the two hon. members to whom he had referred as the gentlemen who were to succeed them and who were to conciliate the Legislative Council. The hon. member said that it was far ? better to avoid a collision with the other branch of the Lezislature, and this was what the Government had been trying to do from first to last, and it was what the hon. member and those acting with him had heen endeavouring to prevent (Cheers and cries of 'No.') To prove what he had said he would ask the House to follow him in his references to the Votes and Proceedings of that and the other House. On the 5th of July the following resolution, of which the Hon. Mr. Bay had given notice, was passed in the Legis lative Council:— 'That in the opinion of this Council the action of the Government in deciding upon a site and commencing to build new Houses of Parliament without the sanction of both branches of the Legislature is unconstitutional, and does not meet with the approval of this Council.' They had been told over and over again that the members of the two Houses had not been acting together: but he thought he could show before he had done that there was at any rate a strange fatality by which when one House did a thing the other followed with something closely connected with it; and the hon. member had now brought them down with the alleged -intention of settling a Question which could not be settled in the way he proposed to settle it. On the 6th of July the House of Assembly negatived the co- confidence motion, and he would ask the House to consider that the Legislative Council had deliberately recorded in their address to the Governor:— 'It has been sug gested by your Excellency's advisers that the Legislative Council is wrong in continuing its ob jections to the leadership of the Honourable the Chief Secretary because of the refusal of the House of Assembly, on the 6th day of July, to pass a general vote of want of confidence in the Ministry. The Legislative Council submits to your Excel lency that this suggestion is untenable for three lessons:— Firstly, because the questions now at issue between the Legislative Council and the Honourable the Chief Secretary had not then arisen.' Now he had shown that on the 5th July the Council passed a resolution affirming that the action of the Government was unconstitutional, and on the 6th July the no-confidence motion was negatived; but notwithstanding these facts, withiu the last few days the Legislative Council said that the question had not than arisen. If they took this statement— deliberately agreed to and put in the address of the Council-that the difficulty in reference to the Parliament Houses had not then ariseD, what became of the argument of the hon. member for Encounter Bay? (Hear, hear.) He would now pass to the 31st of July, when a motion without notice was made in the Legislative Council by the Hon. Chief Secretary, that the Council at its rising adjourn fill next day at 3 o'clock, for the purpose of giving ? him an opportunity of bringing before the Council ms new of the political position. An amendment waa moved— 'To leave oat all the words after thatr with a view of inserting 'this Councii is most anxione to proceed with the business of the country; but so lonjr as the Government is repre sented in this Chamber by a member in whom the Council has resolved that it has no confidence, it declines to do ro, and directs that all the business on the Notice Paper of to-day be made Orders of the Day for this day week, in order to give the Government an opportuniry of being represented cy some other member.' ' That was pa33ed, and now they came to the connection between what was done in the Legislative Council and what toot place in that House. On the 1st of August— the very next day— Mr. Mann gave notice of a question referring to the vote of the other House, aud asking what action the Government intended to take. The House would notice that this resolution sug gested as clearly as possible that the objection of the Legislative Council was to the Chief Secretary, and it was said that the Government should have dropped him; but he would ask them to consider deposition of the Government as a whole. The SS?1?^,?11,.13? ^ clu'ef Secretary in connection \- Si* ^Parliamentary Buildings was taken with ip,ei?nctl0n and knowledge of the whole of his col tfSPff; after Ve6olution had been passed by SSjiS ?£; and no Ministry would have been whISJS j e8Upportot respect of hon. members ? SfcL to «ly responsible and done with their kno* ? JrhWl *?? WMjajon of the Chief Secretary. *K|V' admitted on all hands that it was mde?v^«J5SKnde,e(^ and could on'y be d°™ ' Stof^J11?1?1 circumstances, to blame one CrnwT Tt L3 ftLhe dld aa a Minister of the S^J* i ¥* suggested that if the Chief condemning the Ministry for his action; and h ? iPgL^T^l opportunity of saying this €*&* Sonfh$ft **'? taken tne letter to the ? Cabinet and asked the opinion of all my colleague w&L; de«dedon making it public. Thatrnieht ^r,S^? *'* *J£ht f0™*? ; but that coarse I did not adopt, and therefore to accuse my colleat-u4 £n^yKmiSC?n-duetJin reRard t0 its publicatio'a ^TlSf ^f3'' 2nd UIyust- since L a°1 1 abieT am responsible. The act of publication was mine 'SJVfnd ** pe alone bear whatever censure Stt.a,ttnInite(1,.t0 the act of Publication.' WhJ^V^T1.111! resignation: but after that what did the Earl of Shaftesbury say, and his ? opinion waseptitled io some consideration. It was S^ivS:' 2P^be, Present occasion I cannot consider thenobleEarhn any degree more culpatte than the rest of his colleagues 1 cannot consid:r that what he has written and published ha* not ' been equally written and published by them, and I « cannot therefore consider any degree of personal, r distinct, and undivided responsibility as be!on'i--' -?to him. I maintain that the responsibility is aggregate, common, and that it extends over the whole of Her Majesty's Ministers. The f-efe.; i expressed by the noble Earl connected with th!* step he has taken by retirement from office mik-.s it essentially necessary that some observa'v-n Bhould be made on that part of the question. The merits of the question itself are so large and so important that they coald not possibly be set aside ; but they now acquire additional value from the step taken by the noble earl, and from the construction put upon that step, it being assumed that because be has retired from the Administration tv ' ,, ore no responsibility, reste with £he Ad- ^ .«§«- for the publicity which the noble F ' .j™?* he despatch and also because he mii^«ffi: what will be the consequences of ac; J ' ^Koli tion on the future re^or^^ thatpropo^ and on the future w^ f th ^ fi. tution. That Questio^ whi*h was poUticauy important, has. I . af^rm, become both politically and constitutionally important, for a consideration of the course t^ea by the noble Earl. Since these resolution were laid before the House this event of great importance has occurre J, that the noble Earl— an important member of the Administra tion—has withdrawn from the service of the Crown, stating that he did so with a view of taking the responsibility of a certain act upon himself. We are required to believe that the step taken by the noble Earl makes the whole difference in re spect to the responsibility of the Cabinet. I think inat it makes no difference at all except it makes the matter a very great deal worse. Logically and morally the question remains precisely as it was No doubt that by many minds it may be viewed id different lights and may be followed by different consequences ; but the question I maintain remains as it was. You can no more separate the responsi bility of the noble Earl from the responsibility of Government than you can separate the identity of the human body merely because the left or the right arm may be struck off. The body still remains the same though deprived of one of its members. This is a very important proposition, and the principle in the working of our Constitution is so important that at the very outset it must be considered under some preliminary observations. The working of our Constitution ever since the Revolution has been by Ministerial Cabinets presenting a uniform responsibility. I believe you will find that from 1696 down to the present time it is the uniform principle pervading the whoie system of Administrations that the responsibility of the Cabinet ia one and undivided. This is most emphatically laid down by various writers, and by no one more emphatically than by Lord Macaulay, who Btates in his History that 1 hi Parliament the Ministers are bound to act as one man on all questions relating to the Executive Government.' Mr. Hallam gives precisely the same opinion. He says 'that the uniform and undivided responsibility of the Cabinet may have this effect, that on some occasions it may Bhelter a peccant individual from impeachment;' but he adds these emphatic words— 'The uniform responsibility of ithe Cabinet must have ever will have— a decided influence on the reputa tion and on the tenure of office by the members of the Administration.' It is perfectly clear that this principle must be observed in a Government such as that which exists m this country, where responsibility is required in the Executive. It is perfectly clear that this principle is necessary to compel, as it ought to compel, the First Minister of the Crown to be careful in the selection of those whom he entrusts with the various departments of the administra tion of affair3. It is necessary to regulate the conduct and diligence of each member of ihe Administration who, without interfering in the details of the departments of the other Ministers, would take care and watch that nothing was done by any one Minister calculated in any degree to affect the responsibility of the whole. Moreover, it is required by the people of this country, who are fully resolved to have united councils and united responsibility, and who will not have that re sponsibility evaded by having it said, when a great difficulty has occurred, that it was not the Cabinet who did the act, but that it was done by this man or that man, who might be held up to the public indignation, and made a victim for the general escape of the whole body. I remember very well that this doctrine was laid down mo.-t emphatically by the late Sir Eobert Peel on tbe occasion when Lord Glenelg, then Chief Secretary fcr the Colonies, had doLe something— I forget what it wa9— but which those who were then in opposition thought they might make a fitting point of attack. Ire member Sir .Robert Peel then calliu-r together a number of his friends, and laying down the law most precisely. He said that the whole Cabinet must be held re sponsible for that act; that he never would consent that any one individual member of the Cabinet should be held distinctly responsible; that he never would allow one man to be selected from the whole body to bear tbe brunt and responsibility which ought to attach to the whole. He said that he would rather submit to anything than be guilty of what he considered the abominable meanness of selecting one person to bear the responsibility of die whole when it ought to be borne by all.' He would ask hon. members to consider that in con nection with what had taken place, and say whether under the circumstances that existed the Chief Secretary should resign. These worda were worthy of creat consideration, and it would be a most dangerous thing to allow one Minister to be made the scapegoat for what was done with the sanction of all his colleagues. On the 1st of August notice was given of Mr. Mann's ques tion, which was asked on the following day. On Tuesday, the 7th of August, the Legislative Council met and adjourned, having postponed all business to the 14th, when they met, anS asrain adjourned without doing anything. On the 21sc they met and did no business ; but there was a little discussion, in which Mr. Morgan broke into Shakspeare and read some extracts from 'Mach Ado about Nothing.' On the 28th they met and proceeded with the business, and on trie 29ch they agreed bv resolution to Rive the charge of all public Bills to the Hon. W. Morgan. It seemed to appear to the Opposition then as if thioga were not going quite as they liked, as there was an expressed determination to go on with the business, and the following day it was found necessary to give notice of another question, calling attention to what had taken place in the Legislative Council, aud Mr. Mann accordingly gave notice for the Tuesday following. The question which was put to the Commissioner of Public Works on August 2 was—' Whether his attention has been called to the Votes and Proceedings of the Legis lative Council of the 31et July, as follows:— 'That this Council is most anxious to proceed with the business of the country; but so lorig as the Govern ment iB represented in this Chamber by a member in whom the Council has resolved it ha3 no confi dence it declines to dp so, and directs that a'.l the business on the Notice-paper of to-day be made Orders of the Day for this day week, in order to give the Government an opportunity of being re presented by some other member;' and, if so, whether the Government intend to take any, and if so, what steps in consequence thereof?' The Commissioner replied as follows:— 'The Govern ment have given attention to the Votes rwd Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the 31^ July last. The Government regrit the resolution therein stated, but will not by any action of theirs admit that any legislative authority other than that of the Bouse of Assembly should determine who shall occupy the position of a Minister of the Crown.' And he submitted to the House moai confidently that the real question wa3 this-Shoakl they act upon the suggestion in the answer to this question, and let any other legist Hive authority say who should bs Ministers of the Crown and who should not, because whether they allowed interference directly or indiiecty the result would be the sirne. They were urged in order to avoid a passible difficulty— he did not see bo much difficulty as was stated, because it was graduilly clearing away— not to compromise the matter but to turn tail and let the Legislative Council have their own way. On the 4ih September Mr. Minn asked the other questions to which he had re ferred, and on the same day the Council proceeded with the business. It really looked then as if the Council intended to go on with the business in earnest-, so Mr. Boucaut got up on the motion that the House go into Committee of Supply and made a speech, in which he brought before the House, as he had said that day, the fact that according to Imperial precedents the Ministry were bound to ask that Rouss to exnress au opinion upon what had taken place. The hon. member had admitted that afternoon, however, that he could not find any imperial precedent for what had occurred here, and he said that if the House of Lords had paBsed a resolution condemn ing a member of the Ministry that member would have resigned; but surely if it were a proper and constitutional thing for the Housa of Lords to do what the Legislative Council hnd done here they might expect that during its Ion? career it would have been done ; but they found that nothing of the kind had eyer been attempted. The fact was that it was laid down by all constitutional writers that the House of Commons, and the Hotm of Commons alone, had to decide as to the retention or '.^'.-retention in office of the Ministers of the Crown. Then on tne 11th Septembsr there was auoiier question put by Mr. Mann to the Commis sionei of Public Works, and on Tuesday, the lS;h, the Council met and proceeded with the business. On the 25th they met again and did some business, and notice was given of an address to the Governor, which it was agreed to consider on the 27th. In connection with the statement which had been made by Mr. Boucaut that he was not acting in concert with the members of another branch of the Legislature he would ask hon. members to notice how these dates tallied with each other. On the 27th on the motion that the House go into Com mittee of Supply Mr. Boucaut again favoured the Houec with his views upon the question from what he had called the colonial point of view, when he frankly admitted that he would have to qualify something he had said upon a previous occasion. From an Imperial point of view the Ministry wrra bound to eet sn expression of opinion from ths Hoi:--? -?'- .'?ssembly to make the Legislative Cei;-:-ii}itld, and from the colonial point of viow they were to do nothing that would bear the slightest semblance of coercing, and (they were specially cautioned then as to the ' un wisdom' of thinking anything about a dis solution. And in reference to the latter point he did not think the hon. member was fair m saying that they had talked about a dissolu tion. He hnd not spoken of it unless he was asked, when he said he was not in a position to discu3S the matter, and in «i:at respect the hon, member had the advantage ot the Ministers. As far as he vm concerned, lie had not held out to any member the threat of a dissolution or of tbe intention of the Government to consider a dissolution, and he believed that he could say the same thing for every one of bis colleagues. (Ministerial cheers.) The hon. member told them— 'If there was one thin;? more tcan another that the Queen by her Secretary of State had laid down in her despatches to the Governor it was that they were not to allow their Ministers either by any act of the Governor or any net sanctioned by the authority of the Governor to employ means calculated to enable one branch of the Legislature t/- coerce the other.' It had not been a Question of coercing the Legislative ( :ouncil ; put he would ask hon. members to notice that upon the same day, before it was possible to know bv any otanal records whit had taken pla:e in the Assembl v.Mr. Morgan, before moving the adoption of the aduress of the Legislative Council toihr Governor, asked leave to amend it by striking cir the prayer that His Excellency might taks sivh steps as he might think fit, and to in^rt, '' that you will withhold your sanction from any course which may be sanctioned bv your advisers with a view to coercing the Corine'i.' Thus the hon. gentleman, contrary to his previous :ntentiop. asked the T^t'islative Council to alopt a parajiraph referring to a course that was only sug gested the same day in the House of Assembly. Then he would ask hoa members further to con sider this. They had been told again that day that the hon. member for Encounter Bay was taking the course which he had adopted that day because he believed it was incumbent upon him or some member of the Opposition to take such a course bccauEe he still believed it was the duty of the Government to obtain some expression of opinion from the House; but he wished hon. members to carefully consider this— that even if the hon. member could show distinct precedents, the action of the Legislative Council themselves had debarred the Government from taking any such course. He confessed that when 'he heard the hon. member speak he was a little influenced by the idea; but he would say distinctly that after the action taken by the Legislative Council no man who had carefully considered the question could say that the matter could be settled in the way the hon. gentleman proposed. In the 31st paragraph of their address to the Governor . the Councii said— 'It seems to be supposed by some persons that if the House of Assembly were to pass some resolution to the effect that the Legislative Council oupht to yield and submit to the leadership of the Honourable the Chief Secretary, or that if the House of Assembly were to pas3 a vote of confidence in the Government generally, that therefore i the legislative Council ought forthwith to submit to such leadership.' The next paragraph put the matter in a still stronger light:— 'But the Legislative Council submits to your Excellency that such supposition is erroneous. The Legislative Council has never exercised its right to insist to the laBt decree upon giving effect to its general want of confidence in the Ministry having the support and confidence of the House of Assembly; but there is a difference between a general want of confidence upon which the House of Assembly ia capable of passing a sound judgment which woyld be entitled to the gravest consideration of the Legislative Council and the special objections by the Legislative Council to the Hon. the Chief Secretary. Sir H. Ayers, upon which the House of Assembly is not capable of passing so sound a judgment, or which would be entitled to such grave considera tion by the Legislative Council, and the Legislative CoHncil trusts that your Excellency will not give any warrant to your Excellency's advisers to ask the House of Assembly to pass judgment upon the question between the Legislative Council and the Hon. Sir Henry Ayers, because the Council believes that the House of Assembly is not in a position to be able fairly to judge of the objections the Council haB to the leadership of the Honourable the Chief Secretary, and because thereby acolliiion between the two Houses of Parliament might be brought about with tbe weight of your Excellency's authority given to the House of Assembly berore hand.' They were distinctly told in the first place that that would settle the question, in the second that they were not able to exercise a sound judg ment, and in the third that the members be not allowed to propose the question because the Council believed that the Assembly was not in a position to judge ? The Orders of the Day were here called on and postponed. Ihe ATTORNEy-GENERAL (Hon. J. C. Bray) continued. He was just pointing out that the Council themselves had distinctly and deliberately told them (the House of Assembly) that they were not capable of forming a sound judgment upon this matter; and further, in their address they asked Hie Excellency the Governor not to give any warrant to the Houee cf Assembly for passing a judpment upon the quetion. In the face of that it would have been felly for the Government and folly for that House to endeavour to settle the matter in the manner the mover desired. T:io question was were they to allow the Legislative Council to discuss and settle their own rights a'id privileces, or were they to attempt to Eettle them Nothing would be more forcibly resented by the House of Assembly than any attempt of the Legis lative Council to define what they ought to do and what their powers and authorities were; and he could readily understand that in another place the members would object if the House of Assembly attempted to define what their privileges should be. It had been gaid that the reform of the Legislative Council had been prevented by the action of the Ministry. Thoie was no foundation for such a statement. It had been admitted on all hands that the reform of the Legislative Council was not a matter that nny Ministry could take up, but that every effort should be made to induce the Legislative Council themselves to go into the matter. So far from the Government having done anything to retard that, lion, members in another place had had every op portunity of devoting themselves to the subject, and he was only sorry they had not availed Hum selves of it. The hon. member for Encounter Bay said he did not accuse the Government of Having wickedly done anything wrong, but of havinp acted inconsiderately and fooliBhly. He (the Attorney General) asked the House to look back and see whether the Government could prudently have adopted any other course than that they had adopted Bince the views of the Legislative Council had been so pronounced in the matter. He asked all hon. members to decide the question on its merits, and not to allow their views respecting any other matter to influence them. He knew it was a difficult matter, as some members opposed to a Ministry were too prone, and naturally so, to vote against the Ministry when ever they got a chance ; but the question they were aEked to discuss that day was of far greater impor tance than whether thepresent Government should retain office. (Hear, hear.) It was to define the rela tive constitutional powers of the two Houses. It was an endeavour to by down distinctly and deli berately what course should be pursued in the future if anything approaching to a difficulty should arise between the two Houses, They were asked to say that instead of acting prudently and care fully, and proceeding in the way they thought best, they should meet it by compromise— to evade it if they possibly could. The Government did quite right in including the Bum for Houses of Parlia ment in the Appropriation Bill. It was true it was not part of the yearly expenditure; no more was an instalment for the erection of a new Supreme Court; but no one would say that the vote should not be upon the Estimates because it was not part of the regular annual expendi ture. It was the same thing in principle as if they were proposing to make an addition for themselves to the present buildings. If the House fai-ly believed that new Houses of Parliament were required they would vote the necessary amount, on the Estimates. If lhey did not they would not, do an) tiling of the sort; but no one would say, exo-pt the hen. mover, he believed, that it was not ibe proper course for the Government to have adopted to include this amount in the Estimates and alow the House of Assembly and the Legislative Council to deal with it in the ordinary way. t Of course t ley all knew that the matter had been referred I - a Committee of the two Hous-s. In every respect, except for the few hundred pounds t 'a1, had 1-crn spent on the Bite, the position was nr.w just the same as if the buildings !iad never been commenced. If any Governir.ent had intended to cany out the work and had not acted upon what they believed to be the will of lint House, but proceeded in the ordinary way, the amount would have been included in the Estimates and passed in the ordinary way. It w.v; q ate competent for that House or the. other to appr.nl a Select Committee or do anything they pleased in respect to it, but he did ask hon. members no1 to attach any importance to the remaiks of the lion, mover in regaid to their having included this r,nm in the Estimates. He failed to see any importance in them. They were told that the Council would not give way to public opinion; that in Victoria there was dissolution aEter dissolution and 'he Council would not give way. The Hoa. Mr. Boucaut himself referred to Victoria, though he !ud taunted other members for referriufr to what took place in Victoria, and said it was no guide. If it was to be a guide he asked the hon. mem tat to refer to what took place recently, when puijiic opinion was pronounced in favour of the Land Tax Bill, and although the Council were by a very largo majority opposed to the Bill, still they relt that public opinion must be respected, and they passed that ull in spite of their own judgme-it, simply on account of the pressure of public opinion. (Cheers.) In the form of government under which we lived public opinion must and would have its way, whether in the House of Assembly or the Legislative Council. (Ministerial cheers.) It was their duty to do what they could to fairly regubte public opinion, but if once public opinoin was fully fixed upon any point and the people were tolerably unanimous, the public opinion must have its way. (Ministerial cheers.) Although the hon. raorer said public opioion would not have aay infhence on the Legislative Council, he was sure the hon. member knew that public opinion would have an influence, and believed that it ought to have an influence. If he did not why on earth did he pro rogue Parliament some little time aeo in order that public opinion might be taken? (Hear, hear.) Why on earth did he adjourn the session for six weeks and call meetings all over the country? why on earth did he do that if public opinion was to have no force? He charged the hon. member with doing and saying out of office what he did not siy and do in office— with endeavouring to maintain the supremacy of the House of Assembly when in office, and endeavouring to weaken it when he was in opposition; he charged him with counselling respect to public opinion when in the Ministry, and succumbing to the Council when on the Oppo3i'ion Bide. Of all men in Ihe world that would commend themselves to the Legislative Council as supporters of the liberties and as conciliator he should say keep the lion, member from them. If the L:-£i!-lative Council were to be allowed to difcups the po-ition and chose with all their avowtd dislke to Sir Henry Ayers, subjecting themselves to the absolute power of Sir rieur.v Avers or Mr. Boucaut. there was not a man of them, he believed, that would choose the latter. (Cheeis and laughter.) The question under dis cussion was a vcrv important one. What would the hon. member for Encounter Bay do if he found iiiru-eif on the Treasury benches? Would he dis tinctly and deliberately say, 'The Governmeut have very Ci-.refully considered this matter: tins House has expressed a desire that new Pariia meut BuildiupB should l-e erected, but with a view of evading anything like a collision wo do not regard jour opinion, but according to the sii2g?s tion of the Legislative Council postpone the work?' (Ministerial chee's.) Would the hon. member come down to the House aud say that! (Hear, hear) It was important to know. Whit wi::i! wa3 the use of turning out the present f.iiiistry unless they knew what was to be gained in the future? Were they to turn out this Ministry blindly and not know what was to follow? If the motion was carried who would form the new Ministry 1 They would have the hon. member for Encounter Bay for one— perhaps the hon. member for Victoria (Air. Hawker) for another. Then there were several other hon. members that they would not have. (Laughter.) That would be of no interest to anybody. The hon. member Mr. Basedow smiled. Wa3 he to come there? Report said tha he was, rv-\ that the hon. member Mr. Ree3 w.v= to be Urn ??? i- overboard. (Oh aud laughter.) The hon. member Jlr. Kees wished to be the future Minister of Education, but it was said Mr. BaEcdow bnvir.jr stacked everybody connected with the Education Department and having com plttely failed to induce the House to alter the system had by his speech qualified himself for the position of Minister of Education, and Mr. Eees was to be thrown over to make way for him. He (the Attorney-General) could not at all believe it (Laughter.) He could not believe that the hon. member for Encounter Bay would serve his ally in such a way. ('Hear, hear,' from Mr. Boi caut.) He nasglad to hear that ' Hear, hear.' He believed if the hon. member for Encounter B:*y got on the Treasury benches he would stick to his ally, the hon. member for the Burra-(ELear, hear, and laughter)— as he had done to him. But he did not waDt to go further into that, because after all that was looking far into the distant future. (Loud lauphter.) There was nothing of the sort going to take place, because he believed hon. members would not for a moment think that the Ministry were to be ousted in the way pro posed. He would nut for a moment believe it. He tniBted the House would vote on the merits of the question, and not let any displeasure with the Government on any other points influence them into saying that the Government had been guilty of action 'needlessly tending to provoke a collision between the two Houses of Parliament.' So far from that being the case, if this motion had not been intro duced there was a possibility of things going on smoothly. The Lesislative Council yesterday did a better day's work than they had done any day this session, and there was every prospect of things being settled without a collision. Then, again, they knew as a fact that the Council had presented an address to the Governor asking him to take such steps os to him Ehould seem necessary ; and now, without giving His Excellency time to refer to the lengthy decument, they were asked to take the thind out of his bands. (Hear, hear.) There never had been to his knowledge a more open attempt to turn out a Ministry just for the sake of change. Now with the prospect of the session drawing to a close after seme four months' sitting, which for business had been one of the best— (cheers aDd counter cheers)— the measures of this Parliament had been passed with as much attention ? The SPEAKER— The question is the one point —not the action of the Ministry in other things. The ATTOBNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. C. Bray) would bow to the Speauer's decision. The hon. member for Encounter Bay asked the House to say that because the action of the Government had needlessly tended to provoke a collision between the two Houses they should retire without sayiug how in the future the difficulty was to be got over, and what course those who were likely to succeed to the Treasury benches would adopt. If the House affirmed that it would be in his opinion ncting very injudiciously indeed He never knew of any attempt to oust a Ministry without tbe course proposed by their successors being indicated in a general way. Mr. PLAYFORD-Oh ! Colton last time-he said he would take in Avers. (Loud laughter.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. C. Bray) —Of course, if they were not to hear reasons-if the reasons had been given outside, and were not to be given in the House, he cquld understand it; but if they were to have the matter fully discussed, they ought not to be told simply that the Ministry were going wrong, but told how somebody elsa wa3 going to put them right. Until that was done, he asked the House not to agree to the motion that had been tabled. (Ministerial cheers.) Mr. LAKDSEEU would oniysay a few words. The House had come to a most serious point. If the Government should be ousted, it was a very difficult matter to see how the thing would end. It had appeared to him from the beginning of the session that there had been one of the mo=t fixed and determined oppositions that any Mii.istry could possibly have brought against them. (Ministerial cheers.) It must have been patent to every man in the House that early and late, at every turn and every time when there was the slightest opportunity, the Government had been both fairly and unfairly attacked. (Ministerial cheers.) The very simple features of the case w'oich seemed to have brought about the present state of things did not when looked at from a business pcint of view warrant the position now assumed by the Opposition. It appeared to him that taking it in its most serious light there was simply a want of tnste on the part of the Government, and he believed that since if any body of men were over willing to conciliate they had shown themselves to be eo. It seemed a most singular thing that just through the inadvertence of the Government there should be thiB attempt made to oust them from the Treasury bandies. The present Ministers had in his candid opinion given most serious attention to their duties and to what was for the welfare of the country, and had never, as far aa be saw, endeavoured in any way to catch votes. (Oh and Hear, hear.) IE they looked back to what had transpired they must feel that the Premier was the most independent man, or he would not have taken the action he had on ? The SPEAKER— The hon. member must coiifine his remarks to the one question. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton)— The hon. member was only going to illustrate his remarks by something that has taken place. The SPEAKER-The hon. member in bringing the motion forward mos-t carefully confined him self to the particular question on which he founc' fault with the Government. If you once depart from that course you will liy the debate open to all manner of objections, and I think you will find it very objectionable. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LANDSEER continued. The unpleasant ness between tbe two Houses had been in a great measure brought about by certain members of the Opposition in that House who endeavoured to coerce and override the Legislative Council. He knew for a fact that the Government had from the first been endeavouring by every constitutional means to bring about a reconciliation. They did not eo cap in hand, and he was sure the members of the other House would not desire that they should do so. He would be the last man to support any Ministry that would endeavour to bring about a collision between the two Houses. It was his firm conviction that the great policy which had been bo frequently spoken of there would never have been so well carried out by certain hon. gentlemen as it had been by the present Ministry. He did not think the country had ever been better satisfied with a Ministry than with tbe preEent one. A great deal had been said with reference to matters which had occurred in the old country and about Lord Ellenbqrough, but was there any parallel between the action taken by that per.tlen-an and the present Ministry 1 One might be considered a capital crime and the other a petty rciedeinearior at the veiy most, and the whole thing had been brought about by th; action of the House itself. (Cheers from tbe Ministry.) The only thins he could see that tbe Ministry had been guilty of was in not pursuing the usual course of red tape. It seemed to him a most extraordinary thing, considering the Btrenatb, determination, and ability of many members of the Opposition, that nothing more serious had cropped up as a lever for them with which to oust the present Government. (Cheers from the Government.) The Ministry must be men of eornc ability to have been able to keep matters so close, and it was a marvellous and a fearful thing that the whole country was to bs upset for the action taken by the Ministry in reference to the new Parliament Houses, which that House canied by a large majority. (Hear, hear.) The gentleman representing the Govern ment in the other House was not in good odour there now, but there had been a time when he wa* looked up to by that House and by the country, and certainly at times he had been a most useful man. If he (Mr. Landseer) belonged to a body of IS men who met daily, he did not think he would allow his personal feelings to override the transac tion of the businers of the country. (Hear, hear.) If the expression that the other Hra3e was oa strike was obnoxious, he thought after what the Attorney-General had pointed out that it was an undeniable fact, and that in the simple language of everyday life it could most certainly be said, that the other House was on strike. But he also thought from action which had lately been taken by those hon. members that they had at last thought seriously of going on with the business of the country. (Hear, hear.) When he looked at the progress of the country, and knew what the throwing over of a mouth or two's work might entail hereafter, the contemplation that the whole work of the session might be thrown over by the action of that day waa a most serious thing. \Vas there any certainty if the Opposition got into power that they would be able to retain their position ? They had not propounded any scheme which would bring about the reconciliation with the Legislative Council which they all desired, and it seemed to him that he would be wanting in his duty if he did not stand up for the Govern ment until something far more seriop than this matter had been brought against them. If it had not been for the molehills which hon. members of the Opposition had day by day made iuto mountains, he believed a reconciliation would have been brought about before that day. Ha was willing to admit that there were inauy members in the House more able to legislate for the country b good than he was, but he would give way to no man in beinp; more sincere than be was. (Cheers.) He caae there with the firm conviction not to sup port any men or any p3«y, and his action to that day had proved him to have been sincere. They knew that the views of every member had been respected by the present Government, but not for a moment had they gone beyond that. When they came down to the House with measures which they knew were not likely to be conducive to their own interests they had endeavoured to stand by them, as had been patent lately, though with a spirit of concilia'ion ? The SPE/.KEIl requested the hon. member to confine himFelf to the question before the House. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) did not wish to challeuge the Speaker's ruling, but he would ask whether the whole of the action of the Ministry was not involved in the words 'in tha conduct of its business?' The SPEAKEK-Most certainly not. The motion is limited to the conduct of the Ministry in needlessly tending, as alleged, to provoke a col lision between the two Houses of Parliament, not the conduct of the Ministry generally. The MINISTEPv of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) -The conduct re ferred to was not limited. The SPEAKER— It had been limited by the hon. member who moved the resolution confining himself entirely to the one question. The Attorney-General travelled a little out of the road, but when the Speaker called his attention to it he very properly agreed with him and confiued him self to that. If they once depa-ted from it and brought in extraneous matter the debate might be extended it micht be for days. (Oh). Mr. LANDSEER would eadeavour not to dlud? to the conduct of the Ministry generally any further. Xhe present (government he most sincerely and honi^tly believed were eiiJeavourinii to carry out the wishes of the gre:-.t niijorily of iha people arid to wcrk for the well'oeing of t -c couctiy, aud the motion now before Vie House was nothing more or less than part and parcel of ceitain machinery which had been at work for mtiry months in that Houeo with a view of csrtain rrn. numbers getting the Beats the Government now occupied. , Mr. JuuJSSON would not have risen had any hon. member done so on the other side. He could not tell why this sudden death was wanted, he had listened to the cloud of wordsin which thehon. member fcr Encounter Bay had enveloped his epcech, and the only thing he could make out of it was. 'Turnout the present Government and put us in.' The motion meant the resignation of the Ministry, and that meant, he believed, a dis solution of the House, which meant the loss of the whole cf the work of the sesEicp. He locked upon it as a national calamity should the Land Bill be lost, which undoubtedly it wou'd be if the motion was carried. (Hear, hear.) If the present Ministry did not ask the Govemor for a dissolution most decidedly their successors would do so. Suppose they looked at the results to the ditl'erent districts of the passing of this motion. Would it be any advantage to the electors of Encounter Bay if this motion was carried and their breakwater and other important works were not dealt with tor a year? He trowed not. (Hear, hear.) Would the electors of Barossa be pleased if the branch line to Gawler was thrown back for a twelvemonth, which it most certainly wculd if the motion was carried ? He believed not. Mr. KR1CHAUFF asked if the hon. member was speaking to the question. The SPEAKER said it was perfectly fair for any hon. member to anticipate what the consequences of any vote would be. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHNSON would ask would the electors of Mount Barker be best satisfied if the survey of the railway for which Mr. Kricliauff moved the other day was delayed for a twelve month? He trowed not. Would the electors of Stanley, the Burra, and the North generally be best pleased if a motion was carried which would be the means of throwing back the Balaklava and Hamley Bridte Railway for twelve months-(Mr. Ward— 'Hear, hear'')— and no one could tell how long after that? Would the electors of Light be best satisfied by the action cf one of their members being the means of throwing out the Kapunda Waterworks Bill for twelve months? It might be the means neit summer of the people in that locality being water-staived entirely by the vote of one of its members. Would the electors of Victoria and Albert be best satisfied at no tender being accepted for the Eivoli Bay Jetty and the railway to Mount Gambier for twelve months? (Laughter.) Because he took it that every important work, whether befoie the House or likely to be brought before the House, if the motion was carried would suffer more or less. If the motion wub carried there was no getting away from the fact that it was knuckling down to the Upper House. It was forty-six mem bers of the Lon er House saying that nine gentle men in another pluce had the power of making and unmaking Ministers, (Cheers from the Go vernment.) Shroud it in any words they might, there was no getting away from that fact; and more than that, what was sauce for the present Government was sauce for any following Govern ment; and it would be establishing an ugly and most unlucky precedent. (Ministerial cheers.) At one of the private meetings of hon. members of that House, which was held a litle while ago, there was a repolution passed that the Upper House ought to have a representative of the Government in whem they bad entire confidence. No one could sny a sickle word against that; but he would like to know when there was a representative of the Government in the Council in whom all the membeiB had confidence. Had they con fidence in Mr. Everard? Did they not show by their deeds that they had not the slightest confidence in him? Mr. Morgan Did they have confidence in him? Why, the man's life was made a burden to him, and he (Mr. JohnBon) firmly believed that had he not tendered his resignation something more serious might have happened. (Laughter.) fle fled from the colony to get a little ceace. Had the Council confidence in Mr. Bagot? Why, the man died? (Loud laughter.) At present Mr. Morgan was all powerful there, but once let him take charge of the Government business bona fide and eee what would come of it. It was said that they should use more con ciliatory language to the Legislative Council. - Did the membeis of that House coiifine themselves to such words? One member said the members of the pieeent Government individually and collec tively were a disgrace to South Australia. Was that conciliatory language? (Mr. Coglin— 'To be sure not.') These grave and reverend seigneurs ought to set them an example, but they had said most disrespectful ihingsof the representatives of the people in that House. (Mr. Ward—' Hear, bear.') To go Isck to what he was faying; would the membeis for Wallaroo best serve the interests of their diEtrict by supporting this motion? Would it forward the mating of the Barunga Gap Railway and connecting them with the city by means of the Balaklava aud Hamley Bridge Kailway? Would it beet serve the interests of the men theie who were out of work that they would get no work for twelve months, which delay would certainly take place if the motion was carried? Were tne members for the city sure that thay would best serve the interests of their constituents by voting againBt the MiniBtry in this matter? A change of Ministry at the present time could not fail to place a serious check upon business through out the length and breadth of the land. Supposing the motion were carried and Mr. Boucaut were sent for, he would find his troubles begin from that moment. He could not select more than five h n. members to form a Government, and he took it that there were at least twelve members of the Opposition who were capable of taking positions in a Government, (dear and laughter.) Whatabmt those who were left out in the cold? (Laughter.) They would do as had been done before. Several of them would go into Opposition at once and history would be repeated. (Hear, hear.) He bud been told that the noble whip opposite— (laughter) —had left no stone unturned in his efforts to get hold of a few waverers, and that he now had them hard and faBt. (Laughter and cries of ' No.'') To show the energy and industry of the hon. memb ;r in bunting up votes to assist Mr. Boucaut, hemiKht mention that he went up to his run and brought down a flock of lambs to help him— (laughter)— and to show what lambs could do sometimes, he might ako say that the hon. member secured a ?vote. (Laughter and Question,) He complimented the hon. member upon his industry. He lud always regarded him as a rising man— one who w as likely to make his mark in the history of South Australia. He sincerely hoped the Government would succeed against the hon, member for Encounter Bay. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TO WW SEND '..i'l that hnd this been an ordinary occasion he ?.??(?;il-.!, in consideration of another position he occu; .. il. have declined to siy anything: but the trouble now existing between the two Bouses was the most momentous we had had since the existence of responsible government in this colony. (The Treasuier— 'Hear, hear.') He would endeavour in his remarks to do justice to another place ; but at the same time he would stoutly maintain the privileges of that, the people's House. He believed that in this matter the sen -e of the country was thoroughly with the Govern ment. (Cheers.) Take Gawler Town, Encounter Bay, Mount Barker, and Strathalbyn, for instance; acd what did they see at Laura and Clare the other day. Mr. Mann could Bcarcely get a hearing in his own district. (Mr. Playford— 'Because he voted with the Government;' laughter.) No; that was not the reason ; and although the Press had written unitedly against the Governmeut it would be found, should an election take place, that the people were with the Government as against the Council. (Hear, hear.) When ha first became acquainted with Mr. Speaker mediums were bein;,' held at the Norfolk Anns and at the Hotel Europe. In the Btiupgle then taking place the Conservative party was in favour of one House, aud the Radic il party was in favour of two : and it was ultimately determined that the people's House ihould have immediate and absolute control over the purea strings, and that the Legislative Council should nave only the power of veto. This principle w.-ts almost unanimously assented to in the great debiie which, took place in 1SG7: and the Council hud since year by year sought to encroach upon tne privileges of that House. With regard to tie conciliation which Mr. Boucaut said he had shoR-n in this matter, he maintained that no one had spoken more against the Council thau that no-i. member. (Hear, hear ) If he dared to viola e private conversation he might mention a great de.ii of lancuage which was UBed by the hon. member about rammin/j things down peoples throats. (Hear and laughter.) He had himself moved m the matter of the new Parliament Houses, and to show that the Legislative Council was consul nd a Commission was appointed and plaii3 were caucd for aud hung in the Comuattce-rooin, so that th-. y might be open to the inspection of members «-f both Houses. Every step was taken with the full knowledge of the Legislative Council The action he had taken in the matter was not on behalf of the Government. He took action because he con sidered that the accommodation was absolutely neceEBary. Mr. Hawker had succeeded in cirryins a motion in that House similar in efl'ecr. to his, and he maintained that the House should have ben j true in this matter to Mr. Hawker and himself. He hoped hon. members would now rise superior to mere clamour and party feeling. What would have been said of the Government if they hai not taken action after the two motions I which he had referred had been carried ? Most decidedly a vote of censure would have been moved. (Hear, hear.) What would the people now E3y about the Hon. Mr. Baker aud the Hon. Mr. Morgan, afrer the promises about constitu tional reform which they had made at the recent Legislative Council elections ? Did they think that the people outside were silly and that they -l ?! not notice these things ? In what country in tne world, he would like to know, was there a le,j;s'a tive body eo irresponsible as the Legislative Council wa3 in this colony ? Mr. Boucaut hal quoted from Todd and May, but he had forgotten to refer to that memorable occasion upon which Lord Brougham went to Bee the Queen with SO lav lords nominated in his pocket ? (Laughter.) Oar Council was irresponsible to the Queen, the Governor, and to the psople. Wastiiis a deiiwlib state of things ? Was it desirable that thuy shoul 1 have alegielative body which could turn round anl lauah the people to scorn. The Council was no r seeking, by the vote it had passed agunst Sir H. Ayer.j, to arrogate a power which struck at the very root ot the liberties of ; he people of South Austral i;-.. They were claiming the right to make an 1 unmake Governments. Ha had warned Mr. Boucaut before, and he now warned him agaiw that there was a Nemesis in thi3 world of ours. Perhaps the hon. member now eaw that this w.is so. (Hear and laughter.) Wa3 it worth the hon. member's while to strike a blow at the Government here through the Legislative Council ? He must remember that nine members of the Legislative Council, who were not at all responsible to th; people, could lauch at them for four, eight, or twelve years. Fr would not characterize th' members cf the Upper House in the terms Mr. Hawker had used some time ago. T::ey ruk;!n have the Eamc average brain power as -tc bad in the Lower House; but they never theleES had the fact that nine raembars, representing in the arereRate 1S.O0O elector-, cc.uld turn roucd and laugh at the rest of the colony. He was fully prepared to fisrht thj battli outside, and he ki;r-w what would be tiis result. If the members of the Council Uious'ut they wcre on tbe Tigbt side let some of them— the Hon. W. Sandcver, for instance— resign. Did they think they would be elected again? If Mr. Boucaut thought the people were with him, let him call a meeting and test the question. He believed that on this occasion a majority of that House would be true to the people and their privileges, and serve them as they had done in the past. It did not matter to him whether Mr. Bray or Mr. Boucaut was Attorney-General. (Hear, hear.) A great principle was at stake — a principl : for which our forefathers had bkd. It was a responsible body against an irresponsible body. Even if that House passed a Bill amending the Constitution, nine members of the Upper House cculd thiow it out and set their efforts at nought. What was their remedy? They could present a memorial for a reform of the Constitution Act, and even then the Queen could not consent without an Imperial Act of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) If Sir H. Ayers weie turned out of office to-day because the Council did not approve of him. they might at any moment turn out the representative^ the Government. He would point out that in ISfo Captain Coles led the Government business in the Victorian Legislative Council, and was not a member of the Government; and that course had frequently been pursued in Victoria since. So that even suppoEing the Government had thrown sir H. Ayers over, they might have got some one else to initiate their business in the Council, and have had six members of the Government in the House of Assembly. (Hear and laughter.) He did not think the members of the Council would act towards Sir H. Ayers in their private capacity as they were acting towards him as a body, (Hear, hear.) The Council seemed to have forgotten that the action of the Government in reference to the Parliament Buildings was not in consequence of Sir H. Ayeis's doings, but in consequence of the motion which had been carried in the House of Assembly. If ever there was a time when a charge of Ministry was undesirable, that time was the present. Even if- the motion were carried there would bo a certain eection ready to go over to the Opposition, be cause it had not secured oflice— (Hear, hear)— and the consequent stoppage of public works in a pros perous season like this would be fraught with great daLger to the colony. Assuming for the sake of argument that the leaders of the Opposition were more intelligent than the Government, he must say that the Government had been a Gove-meut.of action. With regard to the cases of the two Lord Ellenboroughs, which had been referred to in con nection with the constitutional aspect of the ques tion, they were not parallel to the present state of affairs in the Council. He believed it was the energy and ability of Sir Henry Ayers that the Council feared— (Hear, hear)— and believing also that the privileges of the people were at state, he wculd vote with the Government in an endeavour to preserve them intact. (Cheers ) Mr. HABDY would confine his remarks to the motion before the House. It had been said that other matters would enter into the consideration of hon. members on that occasion. If the objec tions against the Government had been more general lie should have felt more hesitation in knowii g the course he should adopt; but the reotion was that the action of the Government in re ference to the Parliament Houses was such as to be likely to lead to acollision between the twoHouses. The previous speaker had generalized— not gone into particulars. He did not approve of the action of the Ministry in this matter on many points. The question of the building was considered hy a joint Committee of both Houses, and they arrived at a report. There was not unanimity as to the site, but he believed the one adopted was the beat available. That seemed to have been conceded by both Houses. Mr. TownBend's motion last year was carried requiring the Ministry to proceed with tbe works, and they did so. A deputation after wards waited on the Government and induced them to suspend operations. Then at the beginning of this session Mr. Hawker's motion was carried by a large majority in the Assembly, and the Ministry were compelled to continue the work. But they wire r.ot compelled to do so without bringing the matter before the Legislative Council. (Hear, bear.) It was an oversight not to do so, the other House having a right to be consulted. If they had leen consulted and refused to allow the works to po on it would have been a question whether a majority of that House should be overruled by the Council, but the con tingency never arose. (Hear, hear.) He wished to avoid imputing motives, but must say that in his opinion this dispute hud been industriously fanned fcr the purpose of turning out the present Ministry. (Ministerial cheers.) The dispute in the Ccuncil went from bad to worse. Then the Government took a Btep which he entirely dis approved. It seemed to him that that would have inevitably led to a collision between the two Houses if the motion proposed by the two Houses had teen carried. (Opposition cheers.) On all occasions where he could he supported the Govern ment of tbe day, but on that occasion he felt no hesitation in voting against them. The Premier afterwards said he was glad he was beaten. Had he not then been beaten he would have been placed in a much worse position than he was even now. (Hear, hear.) It wa3 often said it would be a coed thing if we saw ourselves as others saw us. The Melbourne Arous and Leader, papers dia metrically opposed to each other in politics, agreed that that House would make a m stake if it took any action in the pending dispute, espetially as it was eaid that the dispute was not be'.ween the Council and the MiniBtry, but the Council and one of its members. (Ministerial cheers.) He looked with great resret at the present position of afiairs, but he did not think they would be improved by carryinn the motion, it would only be committing the House to what it had already refused to allow the Govern ment to commit it to. (Hear, hear.) He believed that a change of Ministry would only complicate matters. He heard Mr. Boucaut's recent speech, which had been generally praised. He had read it carefully since, and 'be did not think it deserved the praise bestowed upon it. (Ministerial cheers.) In after years he believed Mr. Bouoaut would regret that that speech appeared in the files of 'BanE&rd.;' The quotation he made from Theo dore Martin's 'Life of the Late Prince Consort' was utterly reside the point. It was a case where a Minister of the Crown in the House of LordB interfered with the general foreign policy without the knowledge of his colleagues, and took Eteps that were considered likely to embarrass tbe country. In that case he could understand the Ministry propo sirga vote of confidence in the House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) He understood Mr. Boucaut to s-ay that this was not a personal matter. All he knew was that it had been treated bo between the Council and Sir Henry Ayers. He believed the only change of Ministry which wculd get rid of the difficulty would be one which would not meet with approval on either Bide of the HouBe— the new Ministry would have to be com posed of men who had never held office at a'l. (Laughter.) He dared say Mr. Boucaut would suggest that he was looking forward tn one of the posts then— (Mr. Boucaut—' Not at all')-but that was not so, as he had never Bought for office. He would only add that he believed that the true policy for the House to adopt, was that fore shadowed by the Argus and Leader— for hon. mem bers not to make themselves partisans in the pre Eent diBpute in the Upper House, which he hoped was fading away. Mr. LINDSAY said it was astonishing to him that the debate1 should be flagging. (Laughter) To him such debates were disgusting. (Laughter.) He hated to be kept two or three days sitting while hon. members raked up anything they could agsin.;teach other's character. It hadn^tgot to that yet, but he supposed it would before the debate closed. (Loud laughter.) However, he would not set the example, as it was very conta gious. He had no great confidence in the present Ministry. They bad done enoush to pet them turned out half a dezm times; but he had just a little confidence in the Opposition. (Laughter.) They appeared at present to hive no policy whatever except to turn out the Ministry. If they would foreshadow a better policy he would help them. If they wished to turn the Govern ment out merely on this grand constitutional question lie would not po with them. He thought it would be dangerous to affirm the proposition trade by Mr. Boucaut, and he aereed with Mr. Hardy that that Houee ought to take no part in the dispute between the Council and one of its mem bers. (Ministerial cheers.) If he thought he could carry it he would move an amendment that this House disapproves of its own action as tending to provoke a collision between the two Houses. (Laughter.) He believed the whole f-uuabble had rif en from the action of the House in reference to the new Houecb of Parliament. He aqreed that they ought not to coerce the Legiijlative Council, ' but he strongly objected to being coerced by any nine members of the Council. (Ministerial cheers.) If they ar.ked him to vote against the Ministry because they disliked Sir Henry Ayers he would not do it for the whole 18 of them. (Laughter.) If the Ministry were to be turned out at all it should be on their demerits. If they were accused of a crime on which he cquld return a verdict of guilty he would vote against them, but not otherwise. (Mr. C»rr- Hear, hear.'') He btlieved Mr. Boucaut had made a mis take in proposing the motion, and that he would be sorry for it afterwards. Instead of advancing his position as a statesman it would eventually have a contrary effect. He was afraid that to change the Ministry would betogetoutof thefryiogpan intothe fire. To use a homely illusr&tion;, he would men tion that the other day a seryaut-girl and her miftress quarrelled, and the girl gave notice to leave. A compromise was made, and the girl remained. The young-lady help remarked to the mistress that it was better to deal with the devil we did know than with the devil we did not know. (Loud laughter.) He was afraid that the proposed change of Minietry would be for the worse. Ho believed we should have increased taxation, and that was altogether unnecessary. The preaent Government thought bo, and he agreed with their endeavour to do without taxation ; but they had made eo many blunders that he was afraid that their action would lead to taxation being necen Fflry. (Lauphter.) Sir H. Aycts had boen ni favourite of his. Be believed he wa3 the on\v man who spoke openly against him at the lust election; but as Sir Henry said the other day at. Edithburgh that he was the same man that ho had been for 23 years, he saw no reason why the people Ehould turn against their idol of six or seven years ago. Now, however, everybody was against him, so that now he felt inclined to turn round in favour of him because be was unfairly used. If the carrying of this motion wouH lead to a dissolution he thought hon. membeis should pause before voting for it; but he believed there was no greit danger of that, even it the motion wem carried. But hi did not see what good was to result if the motion were passed. It would be completely yielfM;;? to tho Council, and cayinK that when they chose ti object to the Minister in their House the w'tol'i MiuiEtry lnust necessarily Vie turned out. The conduct of the Council durinz the past two or three mcnt!;s had appeared (o him chiMish in th; extreme. As to the cases quoted by Mr. B'ljo.iur, he did not think they were parallel. If any cjercio i had been used it had been used by the House as a, « hole. If the Council could succeed in galling rM of the new Parliament Building?, he Ehould bs glad, as he did not think they were necessary. But that was not their object; it had merely been nsee as a lever to oust the Government. As he considered^ that the carrying of Mr. Boucaut's motion would be dangerous, that the result of it would bdi different from what many hon. members who agreed with it anticipated, and no good could come of it, he would move the previous question. If the. resolution in its present form were passed he should be obliged to vote against it, or at all events not to vote for it. (Hear, he&r.;) The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS1 (Hen. J. Carr) said there was one fact that had been scarcely referred to in the debate-that was that, a joint Select Committee of both Houses of pp.rhament sat to consider the question of new Parliament House?, and recoinn.ended.that new buildings should be erected, and that the site should be that which had been adopted. The' Committees of the two Houses agreed to make thoee t '.ro recommendations. It was 10 yeara ago, be granted; but there bad been nothing to alter or do a way with those recommendations, aud ia the meantime the necessity for new Houses of' Parliament bad increased. If there had beea any change of opinion the proper way wouH hava been to apply for another Select Committee to consider the question again. The hon. member Mr. Hawker was Chairman of* one of i!:s Committees, and had ha- * believed not altered his opinion. Amongst the members cf the Committees were also Mr. Kine ston (now S:r iScorge Kingston, the Speaker) Mr. Milne (now Sir W. Milne, the President of the ? Legislative C- ui.cil). Air. Santo, Mr. Ayera(nowSir ? Henry Ayers), ^r.Davenport,andMr,A.Blyth(noir * Sir Arthur Blyth). Their recommendations, which. had never been in any way challenged, were properly regarded by the Ministry as some authoritative settlement of the site for the uew Houses of Parlia ment. They had also the further authority of a . motion of the House, moved by Mr.Town:eadand carried, to the eilect 'That the Ministry be directed to take without delay all steps necessary for commencing the erectiou of new Parliament . ' Houses.' He observed in the address which had. been presented by the Legislative Council to the Governor, and which was considered no doubt a3 a full and fair statement of the case, they— whether carefully or not he would not say — entirely ignored reference to tbe fact that - the Select Committee sat and recommended the site that had been adopted, and the Eubscquent resolution of Mr. Townsend, which was carried. It waB said in reference to the latter that tbe first steps to which that motion referred were tbe preparation and production of Supple mentary Lv.irnatcs. But the supplementary Ksti- ? mates were laid on the table before that motioa was passed. Possibly if they had known quite aa ? much as they did now the Government would have made some effort to get the amount on the Supple- . mentary Estimates. The motion was passed on October the 13th, 1S76; the Hi use was prorogued on November the 17th, so that the period between. the passing of the motion cud the prorogation was very short. There were some additional-)' reasons for the commencement of the work at the ? time that it was decided upon. There was a surplus of labour in tbe colony. Immigration had been rushed. He was not going to enter iinto the quas- ' lion of whose fault that was. lie should be glad to discuss that question another day— (laughter)— acd show very clearly who had rushed immi- - gralion. But there was a surplus of labour in the colony, and it was represented to the Govemme-nt very strongly that there were }ery few buildings in course of erection, and that . if they did not interpose there was a great pro bability of a quantity of skilled labour— stone- cutters and masons— going out cf the colony. He . need Ecarcely Bay that although there were rail ways authorized and other public workB consider- -' able time mtut necessarily elapse before they could be started, whereas for the new Parliament Houses ? the plans, site, and everything were ready. To show that the Government in this matter had no ? wish to rush to extremes-that there was no lack of disposition to consider ami conciliate— he would, . remind the House that a large deputation waited on ? the Chief Secretary to ask for an alteration oftha site. What that deputation said was very carefully liFleped to and considered, and although ther Ministry were accused of being indisposed toba conciliatory or to listen to anybody they positively stopped the work. He did not know that there was : any great merit in it, but it showed that there was a . disposition on the part of the Government to con ciliate. Then soon after the House met on' the 15th June, the hon. member Mr. Hawkec carried tie motion that the Ministry should without further delay continue the erection of the new AfcBcmbly Chamber. On what pretence cruld members like Mr. Hawker' and Mr. l!ees, who urged them to proceed imme diately to the work- how cnuld they positively1 fee-k to blame and punish the Government for doing the very thing they urged them to do, as*. now they seemed disposed by their vote to -lo, for they dared not do it by their speeches? They werei ashamed to speak on the subject. The thine waa bo monstrously unfair, so utterly unwor.hy 06 honourable men, that they dared not speak ia defence of the vote they were going to give. He. should be glad to hear what those members h id to say in defence of their conduct. He would not apply any epithet to it, but merely quote whit tlio flatterer Eaid to Timon of A. hens:— 'I cannot find words to clothe the monstrous bulk of their ingratitude.' Timon replied:— 'Let it co naked; the world will tee it the better.' Vtiy many works had been commenced urnn a. resolution of the House of Assembly— Military* road amongst others. Dozens of worka had been? commenced upon a motion of the House of Assembly. He was willing to acknowledge that it was very desiiable in matters of importance— csps- cially in matters of thiB importance — that the: Legislative Council should be consulted, but he did net know that there was the necessity for cou-: rultation in this instance that there had been ia. many others, because they had the Banction of the; Select Committees. That had never been im pugned in the Legislative Council, and if their opinion had changed they should have taken come, Eteps to let the Government know it. Two or three members cf the Council had taken part- in. the deputation which asked the Chief Secretary, to change the site a few weeks before the Home met; but then they knew th;it members of the. deputation had changed tlicir minds. The hon. member Blr. Eees, for instance, who spoke so. eloquently in favour of a change of site that Mr. Johnson said it convinced him that the site wtiaf 1 wrong, had on Mr. Hawker's motion confessed: that he was wrong when he recommended' the change of site; and the Government believed that the same argument which convinced, Mr. Rees that he was wrong would have very ereat. fi,rce with the few members of the Legis'ative: Council who bad taken part in the deputation; arid', fo they Etill believed in the double sanction of. their action to which he had referred. By-aud-by* he granted they did ascertain that there was' opposition, when the Legislative Council passed a resolution condemning the action of the Govern-, merit in commencing the work. Then came what he might term with Borne dexxe of propriety rbeir unfortunate attempt at reconciliation. It wiw un fortunate because a majority of the Houbu di I noS believe in it. That was its preat fault. He coulih answer for the Government t!i;it the intention was. to enable the two Houses to confer with eaclt other, and to settle the matter by common consent.1 Whether it was the best way to bring about an. aficement was a moot point. The House had.' decided that it was not. Be did not say whether it was bo or not; but, in his opinion, it wa3 calculated to hring about agreement, and not disagreement. (Oheers and lountor-cheere.) The Government continued to lmve- and h*d at the present time- the sanction of the Lower Hiuss, ' and if they could pet the approval of theL.gislav tive Council thev might begin ;hc buildings ajain; to-morrow. They hai in ced their approval It lhey wihhed to act upmi the letter of the law as. opposed to iis spirit, and it was only their forbear* nnce as far as tlieL?Ris'ative Cuuncil was concerned that prevented their acting in pursuance of tho approval formerly given. When, however, they saw that theie was no rmispect of immediate ncreement thej' stopped the. works-tliey remove* thecauEe of offence. Since that they had avoided anytliirg calculated to displease or bring them into collision with the Upper House. They had gone fairly on with the Government business, had carried the Lnud Bill, proceeded with railway:' and public works to an extent ;md with a prompt* ness and energy for which Ids honourable col league deserved all prai.se. Then there had b;eii no complaints with tbe GoyernraeiH'B de-!ipgs with the Crown lands. The farmers had not com plained and the pastoral lessees had not com plained. Then upon immicratinn ? The SPEAIIMJ— I think the ban. member ia not in order. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LA^DSl (Hon. J. Carr)- 1 wanted to slow that wo have tried to conciliate. (Loud lau.'hlcr.) The SPEAKER— The ques.iou is simply the ona point. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LHND3 ' (Hon. J. Carr) bowed to the ruling. He would' Bay that the policy of the Government had been EUCcec6ful-(Hcar, hear, and laughter)— but n?fc aggressive. There had been a desire tocond'hte; and he felt sure the House would do them the justice of not saying that they had neBillessly caueed offence. The Opposition with all tueir acumen had failed to make a case out. On the House resuming, The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LA.ND3 (Hon. J. Carr) continucd-The works at tin n;w foundations having been suspended, and a promise piven to the Council by the Chief Secretary tlwt they should not be resumed without proper sano tion, he thought that the real cause of offence waa removed. Any impartial and candid man wouldi admit that; but since then the proceeding nf another place, about which he wished to speak witbt- all leepect, had been marked by the extreme of personality and the absence of any great constitu tional question. (Hear, hear.) There had bnen ar- assumption on the pan of the Upper House of the rij;ht to Bay who should be the Crown Ministers aud who Ehould bo the Ministei representing them-, in their midst. That he demurred to as contrary to all constitutional practice. Jiad Mr. Boucuib had to deal with that oue filiation no one wis more able than he to prove that they had no right to dictate to the Government who should be the Chief Secretary. (Hear, he:ir ) If he had been on that side of the Ilou.-e no one would have pro estca more strongly than the hon. and learned member at such a monstrouB assumption. Look at fie feeble reasons that the' Council had given the Govemor for objecting to the Chief Secretary holding a seat as a representa tive of the Government with them. They had spoken of his demeanour. He would have thought it a great indignity if that House, pre sided over as it was by the ^pcuker, could have made an appeal to the '. iovsrnnr nzainst one of ''B members on the ground of his tleineanour. All that hhowed how weak tlieir ca^s was. But re w-.uld not no ttirmiah the d.-uilR of the loni: pro duction that bad been tent to JUs Jkc?llencv. tvit he would trespass for a moment 'n the rims of tne House to filarcj at the fact Cat the mover of the motion was just as much op-n-ri to theC-'n_ctl as thev were. Mr. Boucaut hal pointed out- tnat. all would be well if the Govern in m woalrt t !« f-ia advice and do one thing, and that was obtain a vote. of confidence on this question at the hands of the House. He had laboured hard to convince them, and had convinced some independent members, that he was right, but he was never more wrong than when he supposed that the Council wou.d agree with a vote of confidence on tha part ef the Bouse. (Hear, hear.) In the 31st paragraph of the addiess to the Governor it was said :— 'It seems to be supposed by Eome persons that if the House of Assembly were to pass some resolution to the effect that the Legi-Iative Council ought to yield and submit to the leadership of the Honour able the Chief Secretary, or tbat if the House of Assembly were to pass a vote of confidence in the Government generally, that therefore the Legisla tive Council ought forthwith to submit to such leadership. Some persons had sup posed this— Mr. Boucaut and his friends and the hon. member had argued it at great length, but the Legislative Council said they would have none of it, so that if they had acted upon the advice of the hon. member they would have been much further from a solution of the difficulty. The Council went on to say to the Go vernor— 'But the Legislative Council submits to your Excellency that such supposition is erroneous. The Legislative Council has never exercised its right to insist to the last degree upon giving effect to its general want of confidence in a Ministry having the, support and confidence of the House of Assembly; but there i3 a difference between a general want of confidence upon ^hich the House of Assembly is capable of passing a sound judg ment which would be entitled to the gravest con sideration of the Legislative Council and the Serial objections by the Legislative Council to the muUTable the Chief Secretary Sir Henry Avers.' That meant something very like a private quarre with him — (Hear, hear) — that a certain cumber of men wished to drive him ou of the Legislative Council and out o public life. (Hear, hear.) They Baid tha J| ' question involved was one 'upon which the Souse of Assembly is not capable of passing so sound a judgment, or which would be entitled to such grave consideration by the Legislative Council, and the Legislative Council trusts that your Excel lency will not give any warrant to your Excellency's advisers to ask the HouBe of Assembly to pass judgment upon the question between the Legis lative Council and the Honourable Sir Henry Ayers'— they utterlyrepudiated the panacea of Air. Boucaut; the hon. member was evidently a3 far as they were away, and a little further, from a solution of the difficulty between Eome members of the Council and the Chief Secretary—' because the Council believes that the House of Assembly is not in a position to be able fairly to judge of the objections the Council has to the leadership of the Hon. the Chief Secretary, and because thereby a collision between the two Houses of Parlia ment might be brought about with the weight of your Excelleney's authority given to the Bouse of Assembly beforehand.' The course recommended by Mr. Boucaut would be one te bring about a collision, and how could the hon. member assume the position of superior critic in the matter? What he recommended the Chief Secretary was open to all that objection ; therefore if the course taken by the Government was calculated to bring about a collision, his would have the very same effect. In the 23rd clause of the address the Legislative Council said they had not carried a certain motion because the majority of the Legislative Council considered it might indirectly tend to involve the Governor in a difficulty. If the Upper House acted in this war. ?why Bhould not the Legislative Council do the same? But Mr. Boucaut said urge this question to a conclusion and ask the Governor to take an active part in it when it was premature. He would urge npon hon, members more consideration for the Governor who had only come amongst us, and let the question Eettle itself as it was being settled, by the Legislative Council doing its own business and leaving the House of Assembly to its own work. (Hear, bear.) As for the part that the hon. gentleman had played he felt that the hop. gentleman had represented the Government with great ability, and courage, and endurance. (Mr. Ward— 'Hear, hear.') He scarcely knew a posi tion more painful for a man to be placed in than that which he had been placed in in carrying out his duty to his colleagues; and he thought both his country and his colleagues were indebted to him for the manly way in which he had stood up against those who were trying to drive him out of public life. The verdict of history in this matter would be that Sir H. Ayers deserved well of his country— (Hear, hear)— and well of his colleagues, and he felt proud to be associated in the Government with Sir H. Ayers. (Oh and Hear, hear.) The Legislative Council said some things that he agreed with. They said it was an impor tant part of the Parliament of the province and that its opinion on all public matters was entitled to consideration. Be agreed with that and had never tried unduly to depreciate the Legislative Council. He had been accused of recognising their constitution as one of the mistakes of this province;! and while he did not think that alto gether he would like it to be more amenable to the propertied electors of the province, but he had not withheld from it honest consideration. Be agreed with Mr. Town send that ite position was confined to veto of matters initiated in that House, and that the power to make and unmake Ministries in the Upper Bouse had never been claimed till now. flow that that power was claimed, if tliis motion was passed it meant that no Ministry could hold office who did not hold it subservient to the will of the majority in the Council. (Hear, hear and No, no.) Suppose that the point was conceded to them and that another Chief Secretary were appointed instead of Six H. Ayeis, they would perhaps object to him, and another would have to be appointed, and so on till the whole Council might be gone round. It meant that if the Council could say who should not be Chief Secretary it was equivalent to Eaying who should be. A member now in the UpperjHouse had said on one occasion, 'Let them come on four at a time, and we will kneck them down as they come.' It was thus he would have the House select the Ministry that it wanted, and that would be the position of the Upper House. If blame was to be attached to the Government in this unhappy dispute it was they who bad been to blame, and not the Chief Secre tary. They had too much sense of theirproper position toward their colleague to desert him and allow him to take the blame upon his head and tear the punishment. Those who had urged thit course of procedure on them had been trying to degrade them lowei than the Council sought to degrade Sir H. Ayers. There was no coercion in the matter. They were wilting to consider any reasonable proposal whether it came from the Bon. member for Encounter Buy or any one else; but the Eolation of the difficulty would not come from adopting the hon. member as leader of the House, who was as far opposed to the Council as they were. The Council claimed that tbat House was not in a position to judze in the matter and to settle iiself whether the Chief Secretary Bhould continue to be Chief Secretary or not. There were two reasons that might be assigned why that motion Bhould not be passed, and one was tbat those on the other side of the House might take their positions— (Hear, hear) -but he feared that before many days if it passed there would be much more disappointment in the ranks of the Opposition than in tnose of the Ministerial party. There would be plenty of candidates he had no doubt for the offices. He felt obliged to hon. members for the patience with which they had listened to him, and before he tat down he would like to say one or two thinga. (Hear, hear.) If they wanted to teach, their friends that their support was not to be relied on pasB the motion. To Mr. Hawker and Mr.Eees he would say-if you wish to proclaim to the woild that you will first urge a Ministry to build Houses of Parliament and then refuse to stand by them, and even be prepared on their defeat to take their places, let them pass the motion. (Hear, hear.) If they wished Ministries to look to the Upper House and feel that their position was insecure unless they could keep right with an irresponsible majority, then let them pass the mGtion. If they wished future Ministries to feel that the real power was vested in the small oligarchical majority in the Upper House, let them pass the motion. If they wanted to tell the whole world how a majority was to be made to dwindle away by the unceasing attacks of a minority with a majority of the Upper Bouse at their buck, let thsm pas3 it. But he was persuaded that the Bouse would not give its power away in this abBurd manner. (Hear, hear.) He did not think that House would concede its position as the representative of the manhood of the colony. Whatever happened the Ministry would have the consciousness that neither the blandishments of untrue friends nor the viru lent opposition— for it had been the ni9st virulent he had ever ieen-(Oh)-and it was for pur poses utterly indefensible— had let them into the sacrifice of their colleague or the privileges of the House. He did not care ; whether in the Ministry or the Opposition he would do his best for the country. Be would quote what had been said of them by one who admitted that he was not friendly to them— 'Come what will the Ministry will be true to themselves, faithful to their col league, and honest in the discharge of their duty. (He r, hear.) The Hon. L. GLYDE would not have said any thing but for the remark of the Minister who had just sat down that the Opposition were ashamed and afraid to state the facts of their opposition. He was not ashamed or afraid to state his facts. He tad never wavered in the whole course of the business about the building of the Parliament Houses and bad opposed Mr. Hawker's motion, and dow expressed his opinion that the expenditure was unnecessary. If a dissolution came about in a few weeks he had no doubt that that question would be put to hop. members strongly by the country. The Commissioner of Crown Lands had made a good speech, but they had heard for the first time that day the excuse that the Government started those works because there was a large surplus of labour in the colony six months ago. (Hear, hear, snd laughter.) If that wa3 the case there were plenty of other works to begin and money voted for them, but the Government had not thought it worth while to go out of their way to have them begun. As to the virulent opposition that the bon. member spoke of, surely he W33 making fun. The hon. member had bean nearly as Ions in the Parliament as he had himself, and he knew that they had often seen much more virulent opposition than had been shown to the Government this set sion. He was sure they all united to pass the Land Bill and make it as good a measure as poss- ble, and that was the most important Bill of the session. He was sorry that the hon. member had imported His Excel lency's name into the debate; but he might say tnat he thought if this motion were passed, instead cf getting the Governor into a difficulty it would be n ore likely to clear the present difficulty up, for the ftiir.iflry wcu'.d resign next day, and Mr. Boucaut would be sent for, and there would bs an end of it. lLaughter.) What fell from Jlr. Townsend, who liad nisde a Ions snd loud and eloquent speech, »as quite bsside the mark. (Hear, hear.) That tpeech wcuM have been very effective if the hon. number had beer, moving the second reading of a Bill for altering, the c nstituiion of the Council, and if he moved in tbat way he did not know that be irculd tot be found supporting him, bit that was n-tihe question before the House at the present time. The real question before the House was whether the action of the Ministry in the conduct of busi ness had tended to provoke a collision between the two Houses, and he said undoubtedly ithw. (Hear, hear.) This resolution was the common sense logical conclusion at which the House arrived on July 19, whtn the House negatived a proposition of the Government to send up a reso lution to the Legislative Council which was intended to coerce the Legislative Council. (Cheers and dissent.) It certaiDly would have had the effect of attempting to coerce. When thai resolution was negatived if the Ministry had had the slightest self- respect they would have resigned, and all this difficulty would have been removed. On the contrary, what did they see? During the last three months Sir fl. Ayers had made matters worse. As the mouthpiece of the Ministry he had deliberately defied the Legislative Council. (Cheers ) He praised the Government for Btidnng to Sir H. Avers; loyalty to colleagues was a capital thing, and the more it was carried out the better for the conduct of responsible government in South Australia. ('Hesr, hear,'fromtheGovern- ment) Accordingly he took Sir H. Ayer3 as the mouthpiece of the Government in the Upper House after consultation wiih the Cabinet, and he must hold the Government responsible for every word the hen. gentleman had said. He said Sir H. Ayers had been trying to provoke a collision between the two Houses. (Cries of 'No' and cheers.) The time had arrived for that House to step in, and accordingly he had much pleasure in voting for the resolution. The TREASURER (Hon. R. D. Eoss) must express his great surprise at the course the Oppo sition were pursuing on that occasion. He thought it scarcely fair that they should leave the speaking to the bon. member for Encounter Bay and the Hon. Mr. Glyde, who had just addressed a few words to the House carping at the speech delivered by the Commissioner of Crown Lands. He thought on a resolution of this sort it would be only treating the Government fairly that the case snould be fairly stated on which the motion was founded. (Several hon. members— ' So it was.') Sj far as the speech of the hon. member for Encounter Bay was concerned the Government could take no ex ception to it, because it was delivered in a very temperate manner; the only exception they could take was the specious manner in which he used his arguments. He quoted instances of constitutional action which were not applicable and certainly not parallel. He read extracts from the despatches written by Mr. Cardwell to the late Sir Charles Darling, but he noticed that when referring to the grant of £20,000 he was particularly careful not to connect Lady Darling's name with it. He forgot to mention that the grant was to an individual, to Lady Darling. 'When the deadlock arose in Vic toria it arose from a tack to the Appropriation Bill. The present Government had not attempted any tack or to coerce the Legislative Council in any way, and if they had erred they had erred in to the best of their abilities carrying out a resolution of that Hou'-e passed not on one occasion but repeatedly. When Mr. Townsend, in October last year, moved the resolution directing the Government to take immediate steps to carry out new Parliament Buildings they delayed taking action till some few weeks before the meeting of Parliament. Directly they took action a deputation waited upon the Chief Secretary, aad some of the hon. members who had voted for the resolution— Mr. Johnson for one pointed out that hon. members had undergone a change, and upon the representations of that depu tation proceedings were stayed a few day- after the meeting of Parliament. Mr. Hawker, one of the avowed leaders of the Opposition, tabled a motion calling on the Government to take imme diate action and proceed to the erection of the new Assembly Chamber, and that resolution was carried by an absolute majority of the House. Upon that the Government proceeded with trie work, and placed the sum of £10,000 on the Estimates. The hon. member for Encounter Bay stated that placing the £10,000 upon the Estimates was a grave injury to the Legislative Council if they passed ifc, and a grave insult to that House if they sought to strike it out. He would like the hon. member to point out what coutEe the Government could possibly have pursued in order to carry out the intention of the House except by placing that line on the Estimates. (' Hear, hear,' from the Go vernment.) Was it a grave insult to the Legisla tive Council to place £5.000 on the Estimates for new Marine Board offices, for the erection of Police Stations and Court-Houses in the Areas; was it a grave insult when the Government of the day placed a sum on the Estimates for the erection of the new Supreme Court-House ? The position taken up by Mr. Boucaut was totally untenable, and he was really surprised that an hon. member who knew so much of constitu tional law should have argued as he had done on that occasion. His arguments could only have the effect of bringing himself into abso lute discredit in the country, inasmuch as they gave a flat contradiction to his sincere convictions so far as his career in that Chamber could be judged. The hon. member said the House of Commons had never attempted to coerce the House of Lords by a tack. He could not help thinking how unfortu nate the hon. member was when he attempted to quote constitutional precedents. The hon. mem ber when the Judges' Pensions Bill was under consideration, when one of the members for the city ? The SPEAKER thought the hon. member had better not refer to what took place on that occasion. The TBEASUEEE (Hon. K. D. Eoss) bowed to the Speaker's ruling with great readiness. The House of Commons had over and over again made tacks to Bills in order to coerce the House of Lords, and it was by successive tacks that the House of Commons had Eecured to the British people the rights and privileges which thev now enjoyed in connection with Money Bills. He would only refer to a case which occurred so lately as 1860 in con nection with increased taxation with regard to the rejection of the Paper Duties Repeal Bill. 'May.' page 82, contained the following: — ' The functions of the House of Lords in matters of Supply and taxition beiug thus reduced to a simple assent or negative, it becomes necessary to examine how far the latter power may be exercised without invading the privileges of the Commons. The legal right of the .Lords as a co- ordinate branch cf the Legislature to withhold their assent from any Bill whatever to which their concurrence is desired is unquestionable ; and in former times their power of rejecting a Money Bill had been ex pressly acknowledged by the Commons, but the Lords had for centurieB forborae to exercise this pewer. They had indeed rejected numerous Bills concerning questions of public policy in which taxation was incidentally involved, but Bills exclu sively relating to matters of Supply and Ways and Means they had hitherto agreed to reEpect. At length, however, in 1801) the Commons determined to balance the Ways and Means for the service of the year by increasing the property tax and stamp duties and repealing the duties on paper. The increased taxation had already received the assent of Par liament when the Lords rejected the Paper Duties Repeal Bill, and thus overruled the financial arrangements voted by the Commons. That House waB naturally sensitive to this novel encroachment upon its peculiar privileges, but as the Lords had exercised a legal right, and their vote was irrevo cable during that session, it was judiciously resolved after fuij enquiry and consideration to maintain the privileges of the House, not by vain remon strances, but by an assertion of its paramount authority in the imposition and repeal of taxes at once dignified and practical. Accordingly on July 6 resolutions were agreed to affirming-' 1st, That the right of granting aids and supplies to the Crown is in the Commons alone. 2nd. That the pewerof the Lords to reject Bills relating to taxation ' was justlr regarded br this House with peculiar jealousy as art'tcting the rights of the Commons to grant the supplies am', to provide the ways and m^acs for the service of tliu year;1 and 3rd. Tnat to guaid for the future araiust an undue exercise of that power by the Louis, and to secure to the Commons their rightful ccrtrol over taxation and Supply, this Bouse has :-n its cto hands the power so to impose and remi: ta^es and to frame Biils of Supply that the right of the Commons as to tho matter, mariner, Treasure, and time may be main tained inviolate.' The significance of these reso lutions was illustrated in the next session, when the Commons wichcut exceeding their own powers were able to repel the recent encroachment of the Lords and to viuHicate their own fiuancial ascen dancy. They again resolved that ihe paper dudes should be repealed, but instead of seeking the con currence of the Lords to a separate Bill for that purpose they included the repeal of those duties in a general financial measure for granting the property tas, the tea and sugar duties and other ways acd means for the service of the year, which the Lords were constrained to accept. He thought that fairly demolished the argument of the hon. member, which he asserted with so much confidence, that the House of Commons had never cttsmpted to constrain the House of Lords with regard to matters of Supply. (Mr. Boucaut— ' I never Eaid so.') If the hon. member denied it, then he had totally misunderstood his argument: and he thought the majority of hon. menbers who listened to him must have done the same. The hon. member had quoted from despatches in refe rence to the dispute in Victoria, which was not at all parallel to the question under consideration ; but if his memory served him, his statements and extracts could be termed nothing less than garbled— (Mr. Ward— 'Hear, hear')— but hedid not inteni to deal with that point, as the Minister of Agriculture wou'd at a later hour be able to ehow conclusively that the statements had been utterly garbled from beginning to end. He thought the Government mipht fairly take the motion of the hon. member for Encounter Bay as nothing more than absolutely complimentary to them, and that they ought to view it in no other licht than as a motion of confi dence in the policy of the Government. (Laughter.) He thought no one would be able to deny the stite ment that the hon. member for Encounter Bay, from the hour they took their seats to the present rncruenr, bad been a bitter, virulent, and violent opposer of the Ministry and the policy of the flliub-try. He had never loat aa opportunity when circumstances favoured him of putting a spoke in th^ir wheel. He believed it had been the one prominent thought in his mind, both inaida the House and outside the House, and of the gentle men acting as his active agents, who he was sorry to say on some occasions had not been over scrupulous in the measures they had adopted. (Mr. Colton— 'Hear, hear.') He thought the hon. member for West Torrens would be able to bear out what he said from w'r.at took place oa t'le occasion of the last motion of no confidence. Mr. B- -UOAUT- Is this in order? The SPEAKER thought the hon. member was not in order at present. The TREASURE!* (Hon. R. D. Ross) w.\i glad ihe Speaker bail checked the remark he was aim: ;o mr.ke, because so f-ir as the debite lnd gone tvety member v.- ho h:-d sock-on would be able to icad his speech without a bius.h crossing his face. (Hear, hear.) However, he did not think he was out of order in saying that the hon. member for Encounter Bay was certainly no lover or the present Ministry or their policy, and that if he could by any possible means have unseated them le would readily have done so. On this occasion I the hon. member tabled a motion which was treated as a vote of no confidence, which the filinistry accepted as a vote of no confidence; and what did it amount to? It was not an attack upen the general policy of the Ministry: he had corjfined it to one particular— the conduct of the Ministry in connection with the erection of the J'siiianient House Buildings. As far as that was concerned it was not the policy of the Ministry, it was the policy of that House, the policy of an abso lute majority of the votes of that House. (Minis terial cheers.) If it was a wrong policy, it was a policy which the Bouse ought to take the discredit for. Absolutely the motion was complimentary to the Government, and it was significant in this iespect that the hon. member had been unable to frame a resolution attacking the policy of the Ministry, and his only hope of success, the barest chance of success, was on a matter which was not the policy of the Ministry, and in carrying out which the Ministry had simply been endeavouriEg to obey the dictates of resolutions of that House. ('Hear, hear' from the Government.) In October last, when the hon. member for the Sturt moved the resolution on the subject it was treated as an open question by the Government, as one affecting the comfort and convenience of hon. members, and he (Mr. Ross) voted with the hon. member for Encounter Bay on the opposite side of the House. He did not think it fair treatment of the Government, considering the large public works which they had been engaged in prosecuting, for the hon member to table a vote, which could only be accepted as a vote of no confidence, not by attacking them on their general policy, but upon a matter which had been absolutely forced upon them against the judgment of the Ministry itself. (Mr. Boucaut— ' Oh.') He voted against it. (An hon. member— 'per- sonally.') He did not think it necessary for him to follow the hon. member through his speech, as the Attorney-General in his very able and exhaustive speech he thought utterly demolished the aigumentB the hon. member attempted to adduce. He would merely make one or two remarks with regard to ihe position Legislative Council had assumed in this matter. In the address which he supposed most hon. members had looked at if they had not read, a majority of the Council distinctly asserted.— 'The truth is that the Legislative Council has not shown itself desirous of a change of Ministry, inasmuch as its resolutions '.have been aimed only at the Chief Secretary ; and almost every member of the Legis lative Ccuncil opposed to the Honourable the Chief Secretary has stated, in his place in the Legisla tive Council, that he has no such desire ; and the Legislative Council emphatically assures your Excellency that the Legislative Council has not been desiious and has not aimed at a change of Ministry. The Legislative Council also submits that proper constitutional effect can be given by your Excellency to its resolutions and objections without any change of Ministry.' If these sentences meant anything they meant that so far as the policy of the Ministry was concerned as a whole the Council did not object to it but endorsed it and were willing if the Ministry would throw over the Chief Scretary and appoint some other member of the Council in his place to proceed with the business of the country and the policy which the Ministry were carrying out. He put it to the House, as the Attorney-General had very aptly quoted from Lord Shaftesbury's speech, ' was it desirable that that House should by its votea endorse the vicious prin ciple that any single member of the Ministry should be held responsible for the policy of that Ministry ?' If that principle were adopted they could not at any time secure community of counsel in the Cabinet. Directly the Government took any un popular Btep they could turn round and say, ' It is not the act of the Ministry as a body, but of this or that man.' If ,the principle which the Legis lative Council by their action Bought to establish was endorsed by the House, it would be introducing a most vicious principle, and one which would strike at the root 'Of responsible government. (Cheers from the Government side.) The Ministry at present were endeavouring quietly and firmly without in any way endeavouring, to coerce the CoulcH, but in the most conciliatory manner, to assert the principle which all constitutional writers Jaid down, and which he did not think the hon. member for Encounter Bay would gainsay, that the right of formation of Ministries rested with the House of Assembly. (Hear, hear. Mr. Boucaut—' With the Crown.') It was more accurate no doubt to say with the Crown, but at the same time the Crown chose its advisers from those who enjoyed the confidence of the majority of the people's representatives in the Hcuee. The Government were endeavouring to assert, as he said, the constitutional principle that the House had the right to regulate the formation of Ministries. If that principle were departed from, and the Council while agreeing with the policy of the Ministry did not appiove of one of its members, they might continue taking action from time to time, which would render the formation of a Ministry absolutely impossible. If there was an unscrupulous majority in the Council, and that principle was departed from, the Council might do what they liked with the legislation of the country, and no one would have any power to stop them, for the con stitution of the Council was such that no Queen, no Governor, had any power over them ; they were absolutely irresponsible for a given period of time, and it was on account of the irresponsible position they occupied and the large power conceded to them by the Crown that it became the more impor tant and more the prominent duty on the part of the House to assert quietly and firmly and in a manly way its rights and privileges in connection with the formation of Ministries. He would read an extract from Todd, in which he put very cleariy the light of the House of Commons in matters of this sort. Todd Baid:— 'The responsibility of the Ministers of the Crown to Parliament, as it is now understood, is practically a responsibility to the Bouse of Commons. For notwithstanding the weight and authority which is properly attached to the opinion of the House of Lords upon affairs of State, the fate of a Ministry does not depend upon a vote of that House. The Lords may some times thwart a Ministry, reject or mutilate its measures, and even condemn its policy, but they are powerless to overthrow a Ministry supported by the Commons or to uphold a Ministry which the Commons have condemned.' In this matter he trusted that hon. members would ?et party considerations aside, and would endeavour to approach the subject in a calm and dispassionate way, bearing prominently in mind that the votes they gave that night were either establishing a precedent for the good order and government of the colony or an exceedingly vicious one. We were a young community, and we were establishing precedents year by year and building up those by whishthe rklih of the people were conserved as the House or Commons had done in the old country. If hon. members dealt with the question from a rigidly constitutional aspect they could do nothing else but support the Govern ment by a large majority of their votes. (Hear, hear.) He would now refer to one or two matters in connection with the dispute in the Council, and he would read the House a few passages from Todd bearing upon the position the Council had taken up in setting aside the constituted authority of the Crown, the Chief Secretary, and passing a resolution by which that Minister of the Crown had been ignored so far as their proceedings were con cerned. The introduction and conduct of all public Bills sent to the Council had been taken out of the hands of the representative of the Crown and placed in the hands of an irre sponsible member of the Council. (Hear, hear.) Ihe introduction of public Bills and the control of legislation in Parliament was constitutionally vested, and very properly so, in Ministers of the Crown. Todd, ou page 2P8, said:— 'It is the right and duty of Ministers of the Crawn to submit to its (Parliament's) consideration whatever measures they may deem to be necessary for the public service.' On page 25)9 he said : — 'By modern con stitutional practice Miuistersof the Crown are held responsible for recommending to Parliament what soever laws are required to advance the national welfare or to promote the political or social progress of any class or interest in the common wealth. This is a natural result of the pre eminent position which has been assigned to Ministers oi State in the Houses of Parliament, wherein they collectively represent the authority of the Crown, personify the wisdom and practical experience which is obtainable through every branch or ramification of the meantime Govern ment, and as the leaders of the majority in Par liament are able to exercise powerful influences over the national counsels.' On page 300 he con tinued :— ' It is the duty of Ministers of the Crown to prepare and submit to Parliament whatever measures may be needed for the public good; to take the lead in advising Parliament to amend or reject all crude, imperfect, or otherwise objectionable measures which may at any tims be introduced by private members. These high functions are performed in direct responsibility to Parliament, and especially to the House of Com mons, to whom Ministers are accountable for the policy and wisdom as well as the legality of all their acts, because they are bound te exert them selves to the utmost in the service of the Crown.' On the next page he said— 'Private members un doubtedly have the abstract right to submit to the consideration of Parliament measures upon any question which may suitably engage its atten tion. Bearing this in mind it must be admitted that the ruie that all great and important public measure s r hould emanate from the Executive has of late years obtaiued increasing acceptance.' On page 520 he found the following:— 'Ministers of the Crown are constitutionally responsible, not only for the preparation and conduct of legislative measures through both Houses of Parliament, and for the control of legislation which is undertaken by private members, but also for the oversight and direction of the entire mass of public busiuesB which may come before either House. Nothing should be leftto the wish andcapriceof afluctua'ingmajority; but the efforts of Ministers should be continually directed to the furtherance of business in Parlia liament in such manner as will best promote the public interests and ensure the convenience of members generally; for Ministers are the natural leaders in both Houses, as well as the proper guardians of the powers and privileges of Parlia ment.' (Mr. Boucaut— ' Hear, hear.') He was glad to hear the hon. member cheer a statement of that sort. If he did so he could not possibly sup port the action the Council were takiag. (Mr. Boucaut— ' That's not the question.1') Yes. it was; it was whether the Couucil should virtually hold in their hands the formation of Ministries. (Hear, hear.) The Council might, if their position in the present instance were supported, continue chaDgirg the representatives of the Government in their House until they obtained a member sufficiently pliable to enable them to force their policy down the throats of the country. (Heir, hear.) On page 321 Todd said— 'The present highly organized system of Parlia mentary government h3S been elaborated by the wisdom ar)d experience of successive generations in order to give stability to its proceedings and to establish harmony and unanimity between the Crown and Parliament. Nowadays immediately upon the formation of a Ministry it assume? in addition to the ordinary duties of an Executive Government other and more important functions unknown to the theory of the Constitution, namely, tfec management, control, and direction of the wkrole mass of political legislation by whomsoever originated, in conformity with its own ideas of political science and civil economy; and so long as it commands the confidence of the House of Commons it should be able to prevent the adoption ly Parliament of any measure which in the judgment of Ministers is inexpedient and unwise.' He had read enough to show that the position the Council had taken up was trenching upon the privileges of the Crown, inasmuch as the Crown could only exercise control over Parliament through its members; and if the Council set aside and repudiated the representative of the Crown in its Chamber, it literally cut itself away from the Crown and trenched in a grave manner not only on its privileges, but on the privileges of Parlia ment and people. He was afraid that several hon. members who were going to vote on this occasion against the Government would, should the motion be carried and the result so earnestly anticipated be brought about, be greatly disappointed. It was well known, as Mr. Johnson had pointed out, that the Ministry occupied the proud position io. that HouEe of having had the support of a thoroughly patriotic majority. There was not a single office seeker supporting them, neither an ex-member of the Crown, nor a member who expected or cared to hold office ; and this was where the strength ol the Government all through last session and the present Befsion lay— that the hon. members supporting them were influenced from a thoroughly unselfish point of view, and desired merely to serve their adopted country and to perform their duty in the House in a way which would serve the best interests of the countiy. On the other side, it unfortunately happened that out of 39 members whose votes he was told bad been secured 15 were absolutely office-seekers. So far as his own belief went, out of 50 of the Ministers who would be appointed in the case of a certain unhappy result four were alrea-.- lixed. There waB no doubt that the hon. member for Encounter Bay would be a Minister. It was also certain that Mr. Maun would be a Minister. (Mr. Boucaut-' Is it? You know more than I do.') Mr. Hawker he trusted and hoped would be a Minister, and he believed would be. (Mr. Boucaut—' You hope so ;' and laughter.) It was said too that they could not do without Mr. PIayford-(Mr. Boucaut^- ' Who said so ?')-whose shrewd and practical ability constituted a strength to any Ministry. (Mr. Townsend- ' What about Bright?' and laughter.) So far as the remaining office was concerned there were 10 or 12 hon. members aspiring to it; but according to the most veracious reports he had been able to obtain the choice rested between Mr. Basedow and Mr. Bees. (Laughter.) The matter had gone so far that there was a division on the question amongst the Oppositionists themselves. Hephad heard it seriously argued by one of them that the hon. member for Barossa, although possessing a great practical experience in connection with edu cational matters, would not be suited for the office on account of his particular training, and because his mind would be cramped by the speciality of his former profession. (Laughter.) The argument on the other side was that by appointing Mr. Basedow they would secure the vote of the Germans and the support of Mr. Krichauff. (Loud laughter.) So (hat he feared his friend Mr. Kees would be left out in the cold. (Cries of ' Oh.') As far as Mr. Bright was concerned he had not the slightest prospect. (Laughter.) His conduct had been so thorouchly disloyal to every party which he had served in that House that he was looked upon aa a perfect pariah, and was an outcast. (Laughter.) Nor was there the ghost of a chance of a seat on the Treasury benches for Mr. Cavenash. As far as that hon. member was concerned he (Mr. Ross) would be pleased to see him there, and if he were on the Opposition benches the hon. member would have his support. He thoroughly respected the integrity and honour of the hon. member. In the past he had done excellent service to the country, although fiom the natural modesty of his disposi tion— (laughter)— he had not had the credit given to him that he fairly deserved. The hon. member was in the Strangways Ministry, which had initiated one of the greatest public works in this colony ? Mr. BOUCAUT-I think, Mr. Speaker, the hon. member is going beyond the question. The SPEAKER-I certainly think the hon. member is going into unnecessary particulars. The TREASURER (Hon. R. D.Ross) continued. He said he was sorry he had so far entrenched upon the indulgence of the House, but he was afraid that an injustice was about to be done to the hon. member for Yatala, and he wanted to late the opportunity to urge the hon. member's fair claims upon the consideration of the would-be Government, (Loud laughter.) If hon. members in the Opposition got into office he ventured to predict they would not be there three days. The element of discord was so rife among them that there was not the least possibility for the hon. member for Encounter Bay forming a Ministry which would be able to carry on the public business with credit to itself or to the good of the country. (Cheeis.) Mr. BLYTH would support the motion. (Cheer?.) He thought hon. members would give him credit for having given to the best of his ability his conscientious consideration to the matter which had engaged their attention for the past few weeks. He had often said that there was nothing he to much dreaded, detested, and objected to take part in as these frequent changes of Govern ment. It was one of the greatest evils under which we laboured, and he longed to see some constitu tional remedy proposed and brought about which would produce a more satisfactory state of things, and one which would render it more practicable to obtain a Ministry to conduct the business of the colony, and to carry out an extended policy with care, judgment, and thoughtfulness. He _ felt it incumbent upun him to take an apologetic turn in voting again6t the Ministry that day, inasmuch as he had recently supported them in an adverse motion, But he felt that the principle to which he had just referred— and he would press this upon the censideration of the independent members —might be carried too far. (Hear, hear.) It was of no use swearing by one particular principle, and shutting our eyes to other important matters which our duty placed before ua ; and when he saw a Government conducting the business of the country, as he feared he now saw one, in auch a manner as to utterly ignore the gravity of auch an important political situation, and perfectly in competent to grasp the difficulties of the duty lying before them, he came to the conclusion, although reluctantly, that it was his duty to speak out plainly and straightforwardly and do the best he could to bring about a change. One thing was evident, and it was apparent from the temperate, kind, and genial speech of the hon. member who had just sat down, if for nothing else, that things could not go on much longer as they were going on now. If they needed anything to put the utter unsatis factoricess of the present position before the country they could not have had a better means of bo doing than that afforded in the Trea surer's speech. Personally he fully recognised the responsibi'ity of the vote he was giving that evening, and he hoped other members did the same. It was not a responsibility of to day; it was a rcsponsitility for many years to come. It seemed to him that when the difficulties of the situation were first prominently patent to the community the Government might have adopted one of two courses— they might have called a meeting of their supporters and consulted with them as to what could beat be done in such a grave emergency, or they might have said to the sup porters who rallied round them— and some at great cost to their own feelings, inasmuch as they were revered from those whose good opinion they esteemed— they might have said to these followers and supporters— ''Will you trust us while we endeavour to carry on the business of the country in a f atisfactory way?' But they did nothing of the kind, They adopted what had besn rather feverely called a masterly policy of inaction. The historian Macaulay spoke of the Bishop of London at the time of the Great Revolution as being so afraid of doing wrong that he did nothing, without having regard to the con sideration that in the position in which the country was placed tint to do nothing waa to do wrong. This was precisely true of the Govern ment. (Cheers.) He did not think hon. members realized the gieat evil in a community like ours and with our Constitution of a collision between the two branches of the Legislature— au evil which was not removed when the immediate question which had caused it had been removed from the consideration of the Legislature— an evil which possessed the property of springing up again year by year and reproducing those feelings of antagonism which were nostile to good } overnment. It was cuBtomaiy to speak as if they could do anything they liked without considering the power of the other branch of the Legislature. He would point out that only three powers could possibly remove that branch— the modification of the ? Constitution Act, the intervention of the Throne, or the passing of an Act by the Imperial Parliament. He believed that modern constitu tional writers held that a constitution once given to a community line ours could not be taken away unless under very urgeut circumstances. Un doubtedly, however, the Imperial Parliament could sweep away our constitution if it saw fit to do so. To hear hon. members talk one would think, however, that it was very easily done, and that they themselves could do it. His friend Mr. Hardy had referred to Eome newspapers in the adjoining colony. Be did not think we ought to pay such a great Bmount of regard to the newspaper Press of the other colony. (Sir. Ward—' Or this.') He did not think the legislation in Victoria was such that we Bhould sit at the feet of their Parliament or their Press and learn from them. (Hear. . hear.) He had noticed that in one paper the Govern ment were called a Committee elected by the Assembly to carry on its business. Could any thing more show the ignorance of oar consti tutional rights? (Hear, hear.) He believed the Government wonld agree with his next proposition — that nothing could exceed the patience and quiet forbearance that had been shown by tha Assembly for the past few months. (Hear, hear.) They had shown the greatest possible wish that some fair conciliation should be arrived at. They went the leDgth of asking Mr. Nock to represent to the Government the gravity of the situa tion and the course they thought the cin t-titutional oue the Government should adoot. There could not be the slightest doubt tint the whole responsibility of the present diffi culty rfs^ed on the Chief Secretary, whose duty it was to resign when he saw that his continuance in office was fraught with danger to the commu nity, and he was unable to retain his position with usefulness to the country or advancement of his own political character and dignity. (Cheers, and cries of ' No.') The only word he would say aeainst the Chief Secretary was that like other people his prosperity had been too much for him. (Laughter.) Continuous prosperity was too much for most men ; they could better stand adversity and misfortune and fiaht against them than agsinst a succession of successes. He had listened to the speeches delivered and the precedents quoted, but he did not think the House had fully realzsi the difference between the constitution of oar Legislative Council and tbat of the House of Lor is. Any argument drawn from what was the duty of the House of Lords must be a fortiori argument as regaided the Legislative Council. It was well known that the Boufe of Lords was not responsible immediately to the country. Mr. Eoucaut had spoken of the Sovereign being responsible to the people and to God. So the House of Peers was responsible to God like the meanest individual possessed of Banity of mind who bad a duty to perform. Many of them were successors to great historic names; and they were responsible to nistoiy for the way in which they performed their duty. But what was the case heie? It had been well put that we were making a Constitution. It was utterly impossible that ruore than the framework of our Constitution could rest within the four corners of our [Consti tution Act. We were buildicg upon that as our Constitution. The Legislature that framed our Constitution made the Constitution for the Legis lative Council a very broad one. The possession of a tenement paying a yearly reutal of £25 entitled a wan to a vote for the Upper House. When the -0,000 eleciors weie put against the 40,000, it was put as if they were different members of the com munity, whereas the voter for the Council was a veter for the Assembly and something more. In point of fact the voting for members of the Council was a reward held out I to ordinary thrift and success in We. It would be in the remembrance of some hon. members that in 1861 it was thought desirable by some hon. members to give a second vote for the Assembly. It was argued that this would leave manhood suffrage untouched, but wou d give an additional vote to property, which would be an incentive to self-denial, and so benefit the community. He strongly opposed that idea, and he was supported by a majority of the House. He was indebted to an hon. member in private conversation for this idea: that it might be that tbefiamers of the Constitution Act- those who held conservative views— sought to make the con stituency of the Upper House broad, bo that it would have greater power and not be a mere check on hasty legislation, and a Court of Registration for laws passed by the House of Assembly. He did not say that was the design of the framers of the Constitution, but it might be so. Mr. Townsend had entirely overlooked one greatpoint— that the Legislative Council was responsible though it was not responsible en 6/oc-at a given time. But every member of the Council was responsible sooner or later, and for an uncertain period. (Cheers.) ThiB principal feature of our Constitution was specially praised some years ago by Sir. Justice Gwynne, who said it waB like death. It was certain— nothing was more certain ; but the time at which it would happen was uncertain. That wa3 precisely the position of the Legislative Council; and it was an abuse of language to speak of the Council as irresponsible, as if nominated by the Crown or elected for life, or as if inherited, as at home. (Cheers.) Look at the case of Mr. Morgan. Helwas elected after 10 years' service. He was returned again by an enormous majority of votes. He did not say it was an endorsement of the policy of Mr. Morgan, but it was an expression of confidence in his political integrity or: high ability. (Hear, hear.) An accident, a few deaths or resignations might bring members of the Legislative Council back to their con stituents in six, four, or two years instead of a possible twelve yearB. Therefore to call them an irresponsible body was an abuse of language calculated to lead to wrong conclusions. It had frequently been urged against the Opposition that they had thrown the whole weight of their influence sgainst the Government. That was exactly their duty. (Cheers.) It was as much their duty to do so when they believed the Govern ment was wrong as for the Government to vote against that motion. Having considered all that had been said on both sides it appeared to him that the constitutional question resolved itself into a dilemma. Hither the action of the Legislative Council against Sir Henry Ayers was a personal matter or a matter of public policy. If a personal matter, it was his duty to resign; if a matter of public policy, the Government had identified themselves with him, and by his action they must stand or fall. (Cheers.) He believed the action of the Government in this respect was the one bit of chivalry connected with a somewhat melancholy story. (Laughter.) He waB not one of those who took the lowest view of human nature, and he did not think the Ministry remained true to their colleague from selfish motives, and because they saw difficulties in the future if he left them. But they had elected to row in the same boat with him, and they must stand or fall with him. The forbearance of that House had been wonderful— past precedent— (Hear, hear)— and if a way out of the difficulty had been shown they would gladly have adopted it. (Hear., hear.) The Treasurer had pointed out the great evil of public measures being conducted through another branch of the Legislative Council by a member not a Minister of the Crown. Be quite agreed with the Treasurer ; and that was part of the present difficulty. (Hear, hear.) It was not possible legislation could be properly carried on in such a way, and therefore the time had arrived for facing the question ; and he asked hon. members to look at it carefully and conscientiously. It was the duty of the Government to carry their measures through both Houses. If they could noU either from their fault or misfortune, they had no right to ask that HouEe to pass measures without a reasonable hope of their becoming law. (Cheers.) Cn these grounds he felt compelled to vote for the motion. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E, Ward) felt disposed to congratulate the Opposition that they had at least found an hon. member to say a word for them, although he had thought it necessary to apologize for the course he had adopted. Still half a loaf was better than no bread, and this small conces sion would be welcomed by hon, gentlemen on the other side of the House. Otherwise it must have seemed singular that the debate had been Uft to hon. members ou that side of the House. In all his recollection of political life, which extended over a number of years, he never knew an instance in which a Ministry had thus been attacked, and the Opposition had chosen to rely entirely on what they supposed to be their voting power, and thus to suppress argument altogether. (Cheers.) They knew it had been talked about, and that it was suggested that the motion.be put that the House do now divide so as to force matters on. (Cries of 'No.') It was talked about in the House in order to force to an issue a motion which involved the fate of a Ministry. Mr. Blyth said the Government had ignored the , gravity of the position. He thought so, no doubt, because the Government had not chosen to come down to the House and add fuel to the fire. They had by no means ignored the gravity of the posi tion; they had understood it; nnd after mature consideration they bad1 adopted what they still Re lieved to be the best and moat proper course. (Cheers.) They had not only shown their ability to grapple with the position. They had carried their measures and Bent them on to the Legisla tive Council. If the Legislative Council declined to pass them he would surely not charge the Government with the fault. If the hon. member said the Government were to be baniBhed from their places because of the improper action of the Legislative Council, he would for ever render it impossible for a Ministry to hold office, although possessing the confidence of the Assembly and the country, unless they also possessed the confidence of the factious opposition in the other branch of the Legislature. (Cheers and No.) That was the only conclusion which could be drawn from the hon. member's remarks, and it was cne which the country would have cause to regret if carried by that Hou9e, Mr. Blyth had said the Government might have called a caucus, or as he said, ' consulted their friends.' They had Bhown what was due to their dignity and to the House by declining to do any thing in secret. They declined to go below stairs as some hon. members did at the instigation of the hon. member for North Adelaide, to settle the busi ness of the country. By facing the question on the floor of thatHoupe, with the eye and ear of the people on them, the Government were better fulfilling their duty than if they .had taken the course the hon. member blamed them for not taking. Mr. Blyth said the Government should have told their supporters that they were able to cairy on the business of the country. They had done something better. They had carried it on. (Hear, hear.) What measurea of importance were there they had introduced and failed to cany? If there was nothing else, the Land Bill would prove what he had said. He did not wish to take all the credit for the passing of the Bill through the House, hon. members on both sides having endeavoured to make it aa perfect as possible. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman had also Baid the Government had not recognised the evil of a deadlock in this country. The Government knew that the consti tution of the Legislative Council was not like that of the House of Lords or any other Legislative Council in the world ; and he would deal with that question preseutly. But he would say in answer to Mr. Blyth that while they admitted there was a great and deplorable difference between the Legis lative Council here and other Upper Houses, they did not admit that the cure for the evil was to make that power paramount. The whole argu ment of the hon. member came to thiB— that because the Legislative Council would not do what was right that House must give W3y and support them in wrongdoing. The hon. member had said the constitution of the Legislative Council was a broad one. He understood the hon. member to mean tbat the qualification for the suffrage was not a very excessive one; and he agreed with him. When the hon. member argued that 20,000 of the electors for the House of Assembly also had votes for the Legislative Council he forgot to mention that there were 21,000 other votes for the Assembly; and it meant that these 20,100 should be ignored. The hon. member might also have pointed out that unless ie voluntarily resigned each member of the Legis lative Council would on an average occupy his seat for about eight years. He muht sit for less, but he might Bit for 12 years, a3 one gentleman had already done. Therefore a member of the Legis lative Council might eit for eight years and might misrepresent the people without the people or the Government having the power to remove him. From the present time there could be no election for tlis Legislative Council for three and a half years. At ihe recent elections some of the gentle men who now occupied seats in the Council pro fessed their intention if elected to give effect to propesals tbat would make the Council more amen able to the country ; but were theynoi the very men who were claiming powers which were never even dieamt of before? Until this session it had never been asserted tbat the other branch of the Legislature should have a voice in the constitution of Ministries, and he had a right to charge these gentlemen with the grossest inconsistency. And tbat wa3 the re presentative of the House for whom the hon, gentleman pleaded as being sufficiently responsible to the people. The only other hon. member besides Mr. Boucaut who spoke on the opposite side was Mr. Hawker, whose only point seemed to be that he had always objected to the £160,000 at the present time, and he felt sure the country wou'd object tc it. It was not originally the policy of the Government— it was an open question with them until adopted by the House ; and unles3 the House intended to be false to itself and utterly inconsis tent it was bound to support the action of the Government. They had proposed to commence the expenditure of jE120,000-not £16'-,000— in the most perfect good faith acting on the reso'u n of the House. (Hear, hear.) He would refer to the hon. member Mr. Boucaut's three most prominent arguments. He told them this involved ramifications that would go to the very foundation cf responsible government^ and he (Mr. Ward) entirely agreed with him. Some people said that our Constitution was within the four corners of the Constitution Act. If that were eo, it would not be necessary for the Government to resien upon a vote of either House. There was nothing in the Constitution Act to say that they should do so. But it was the usage of every country where responsible government prevailed that upon an adverse vote of the popular branch of the Legislature the Ministry should retire; but not on the vote of the second Chamber or Council, whether nominee, elective, or hereditary. The position was very clearly Bet out m the first sentence of the first chapter of May— ' The present constitution of Parliament has been the growth of many centuries. Its origin and early history, though obscured by the remoteness of the times and the imperfect records of a dark period in the annals of Europe, have been traced back to the free councils of our Sason ancestors. The popular character of these institutions was sub verted for a time by the Norman Conquest, but the people of England were still Saxons by birth, in language, and in spirit, and gradually re covered their ancient share in the councils of the State. Step by step the Legislature has assumed its present form and character, and after many changes its constitution is now defined by— ' ' Tee clear and written view— the deep-trod foot marks Of ancient custom.' ' And so it must be. That unquestionably showed tbat it was the duty of the Government either to retire from office or appeal to the country when ever they were met by an adverse vote in the lower branch of the Legislature, but not by an adverse vote of the House of Peers or Legislative Council in the polonies. He would fortify that posi tion by three distinct authorities, not repeating the one quoted by the Treasurer, Todd himself, writing upon it, said that Hallam pointed out 'the evil consequences which most certainly would have attended upon the exclusion of the advisers of the Crown from the House of Commons and the immense advantages which have resulted from their immediate connection with that Assembly. Nothing could have been devised more calculated to unite statesmen of every shade of opinion in the defence of the liberties of Parliament, or to Becure for the Commons a preponderating share in the control of the executive administration, than the fact that it is in Parliament, and more especially in the House of CommonB, that all great questions of public policy must in reality be decided.' That waB the testimony of Hallam, and now he came to one that had not been referred to before even incidentally, that was no less than Lord Maaulay. who could not be supposed to have any democrats sympathy. He said :— ' The Ministry is in fact a Committee of leading members of the two Houses. It is nominated by the Crown, but it consists exclu sively of statesmen whose opinions on the pressing questions of the time agree in the main with the opinionsof themajority of the House of Commons.' (B ear, h ear.) Th at showed how utterly absurd and impracticable a thing it would be if it were neces sary to have the confidence of the Upper House. ft ho was there who did not know that there was a permanent Conservative majority in the House of Lords. There never had been a Liberal nrajerity there. The Conservatives had always been able to command an absolute majority, but they had had the good sense notwithstanding to yield to the express will of the people. They had never gone to the length of saying that they would ignore the appointed representative of the Crown —they had never decided to stop the public busi ness because a Ministry was in office with whose policy they did not concern. Yet if there was anything in the argument which had been advanced by the hon, member Mr. Boucaut and the two who followed him, it was to the effect that that power which had never been even claimed by the House of Lords should be conceded here. The hon. member having intro duced the question in that way went on to express his gratification at the reception he said his pre vious remarkB had met with from some members of the House. He (Mr. Ward) did not know whether it was true, as had been claimed, that the speech he delivered on a former occasion did con vert two or three members. If it had that effect he was very sorry indeed for the minds upon which it had that effect— (cheers and counter-cheers) - because he (Mr. Ward) claimed that without a word from him every argument of the hon. member Mr. Boucaut on that occasion had been absolutely and conclusively disproved. He supposed he should be allowed te refer to that, as the hon. member had himself done so. The SPEAKER— You must not go into the argument of a former day. He (the hon. member for Encounter Bay) only referred to it very lightly. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) should be in order in saying that if the hon. member had repeated his argument that day he should have been able to prove that it was absolutely wrong. If he had said what he virtually did say— that the Ministry was entirely mistaken because they said in answer to Mr. Mann that they would not by any action of theirs admit that any authority other than that of the Bouse of Assembly should determine who should be Ministers of the Crown— he (Mr. Ward) would meet that by pointing out that the hon. ^ member for Encounter Bay was leaving out one word— the most essential word in that answer — the word ' legislative' before authority. The hon. gentleman's purpose was to blame the Ministry for ignoring the rights of the Crown. The rights of the Crown were not only not ignored in the answer, butwere expressly saved, and the Ministry's know ledge of the position was proved by the insertion of that word which the hon. member for the purpose of his argument ignored. Then if the hon. member were to say that they ought to have come down to. the House and aBked for a compen sating vote to counteract that of the other branch of the Legislature, he had sufficient answer in the quotation that had been made by two of his col leagues from the address to the Governor. 'Jlie other point of the hon. member's speech was a lecture or address to an eminent gentleman who was not then in the colony, when ne deliberately said that a dissolution at the present time would be a wicked and impolitic act. He certainly thought that for a member who unquestionably occupied a leading position in the House, and who aspired to take a leading position in the public affaire of thelcolony, to pronounce of a policy which might or might not be adopted by the gentleman to whom reference was made was to say the least very bad taste. (Ministerial cheers.; He trusted the bon. member would be prepared to say in re plying that the word slipped out inadvertently. The hon. member went on to blame the GovernmeKt for having provoked the diffi culty of the situation land for their apathy. He failed to Bee that the Government had pro voked the difficulty, and there certainly had been no apathy in the House of Assembly. It was the hop. member and the other members of the Oppo sition who bad endeavoured to stir up strife, and by the very devices they had adopted proved that they were at issue with the majority of the Legislative Council. Now he said as a member of the Opposition he was obliged |to take action because of the apathy of the Government —because they bad pursued the even tenor of their way. Be asked the hon. member what action he wan prepared to take. Was he prepared to do more than the Ministry haddonetoconcilitatethe Council? Could he indicate any step which could be taken further than the Government had taken that would have that tendency ? Did he think that he himseif, if he had been in the position of the Ministry, would have done more than they had done? If eo, would it have been in accordance with his previous professions; and if he succeeded for the Bake of that compromise of which he talked in getting a majority of the House to vote with, him agaimt the Government, would he to a larger ex tent than they had done meet the Legislative Council? If he did, would he be prepared to take upon his shoulders the responsibility of sacrificing end absolutely destroying the privileges of the people as represented by the House of Assembly? If so, he would be false to the profession of his life. He had sail something about his democratic sympathies. He had no such. When the time of action came lie clearly showed it by the coarse he adopted. He was leading a party in the House who were ad mitted to be in the minority. He (Mr. Ward) remembered the night when he voted against him in 1861 when he was nominated by the working men in opposition to a late respected member, and succeeded by the aid of the Political Associa tion, as it was called, in getting into the Hou3e. His first introduction to the Ministerial bench was by that hon. member. What followed' Hon. members would not forget the opinion they pro nounced 16 months ago-the sentence of distrust which they passed on the hon. gentleman. He asked whether they were prepared now to withdraw the ban and put him bactt upon the Treasury benches? If they did was there anything in association with his public life to lead them to suppose that he would act otherwise-go any straighter than he bad done in the past. If not, what were the men who were trusting to him, clinging to his coat tails, expecting no doubt to be introduced to office by his aid. to gain by giving to the hon. gentle man the succcsb which, if it were 8ucce3s to-day, could only be temporary? (Ministerial cheera.) Now he came to the hon. member's reference to Victoria. The hon. member with, he would not say cunning, but the cuteness which he sometimes displayed, went upon the assumption that the Ministry had no means of reference to the docu ments which he quoted. He took for his text par ticular matters which occurred some years ago in Victoria ; one was the attempt to tack the Darling grant on to the Appropriation Bill. That he wanted them to believe was analogous to the circumstances here. Did the hon. member refer to Mr. Cardwell'a despatch of February, 187ti? (Mr, Boucaut— 'Yes.') Then what, did Mr. Card well say ; there? ' The course pursued in the Assembly with respect to the Tariff and Appropriation Bills was not war ranted by the practice of the English House of Commons, to which by the Constitution Act it is intended that the Assembly of Victoria should generally conform.' The hon. member did not read those words. It did not suit his purpose. Perhaps he thought the G overnment would not have a copy of the despatch. Let him point out how exactly that defined the position of the Government here. If the hon. member could point to anything in the cosduct of the Government contrary to the practice of the House of Commons, then the Ministry would' retire and he could come on the Treasury benches. Be (Mr. Ward) would not object. He had not put Iii3 finger upon one little thing contrary to the House of Common;. He admitted the argument hat wherever a sum of money was to be asked for by the Government contrary to the usuil practice— which involved a question of public policy— then it should be brought down in some other form than the Estimates, so that the Council should have an opportunity of discussing that «;.,?- out taking the iesponsiblity of throwing out the Ap propriation Act But sorely the hon. member was not going to tell them that a vote for public build ings involved a question of public policy and should be brought down in such a form. He would not tell them that the sanction of the State referred to such a question as that ? The case he quoted was an attempt to fix on to the Appropriation Act a new fiscal imposition. That was what the hon. meniber quoted in order to delude hon. members into believ ing tbat it was analogous to our position here. He thought they might feel surprised that a man should have the audacity to come down and try to delu le membera who had not had time to look into the despatches. He understood him to refer to another despatch— the Duke of Buckingham' s, dated the 1st of January, IS6S. (Mr. Boucaut-' Yes.') It waa this despatch that was 'relied' eo much upon to prove that the Ministry were wroug and the Lcgislative Council abundantly right as ihe expres sion was. The hon. meniber read this sentence— 'It is impossible not to regret that the Legislative Assembly should have thought it advisable to in clude in |the Appropriation Bill a grant excep tional in its character and notoriously obnoxious to a large portion of the Upper House.' But that was not a vote for the commencement of public buildings. It was a grant to au individual thathad been forbidden the husband to receive, and also in the form it was then proposed, which was virtually a subterfuge. The fact was the people wished to indemnify Sir Charles Darling for the loss of hi& office thtough his having taken the advice of his responsible Ministers. The same objection natu rally applied to the gift to the wife as to Sir Charles Darling liimEelf. And ultimately in order that the matter might be settled, Sir Charles Darling voluntarily withdrew from the service of the Queen, and then it was consented that the £20,000 should be paid to him. (Air. Boucaut— 'No.') He had the despatch there in which it was stated that the Imperial Government assented, and the money was paid. Perhaps the hon. member wished him to pass over two or three other little items that he had there before him, but he did not mean tc do that. As a matter of fact the hon. member's 'No' was incorrect, for the same despatches contained a des patch from the Governor who had succeeded Sir Charles Darling in regard to the way in which the vote was to be brought down. (Mr. Boucaut— 'The Council did not agree to it.') If the Council had not agreed the money could not have been paid, but the money was paid. (Mr. Boucaut —'Not the j£20,000.') The next matter which ths hon. member had not read, and which it was necessary for him to comment on, was in the despatch from which he had quoted in 1SGS. It was said that it was to be regretted that the Assembly had taken that course instead of sending up the grant in a form in which it might have received a full and free discussion. Let him inform Mr. Boucaut irhat the action of this Government in this matter „ had been. It was true that acting upon the authority of the House they had commenced the vforks-(Hear, hear)-it was true that to some ex tent they had made a mistake in not waiting till a motion had been passed by the Council. But the Chief Secretary had admitted that mistake in the Council, and they had admitted it iu the House. Their next step was to propose that the Assembly should state its intention to proceed with the work, and ask the concurrence of the Council. That was, however, taid to be au attempt of coercing the Upper House, though on the other hand some had said at the time that the Govern ment were attempting to drag the House in the mire. But what was the result? The motion was lost, and three of the very members who had voted a day or two before that they should proceed with the works deliberately turned round and re fused to allow them to seek the concur rence of the Council. But the Government had taken action then which tho hon. mover and his friends had ignored— they had through the Chief Secretary in the Upper House placed a notice on the Notice- paper that the works should be proceeded with. The amount had been placed on the Estimates befoie the motion of Mr. Plajford was tabled, and they did not mean to abandon it The motion that he had alluded to had been moved in the Legislative Council, but had not found a seconder.. It had been moved by the Chief Secretary as an amendment to another motion, and they had rejected it. (Mr. Coglin— 'A telling point.') Now. he would come to another sentence or two of this despatch of January 1, 1S6S, which the hon. niemba had not quoted, because like sonio others it did not suit his purpose. It said:— 'If, however. I am right in inferring from your despatches that a majority of the Legislative Council are prepared to accede to that grant if properly brought before them, 1 think it equally unfortunate that the Council did not avail them selves of the opportunity which you appear to have afforded them of conceding that point with the least possible prejudice to their constitutional authority in matters of legislation.' Had that course been followed here, or had they the least idea that that grant in any other form would have been acceded to, and that the Council would have taken a course that the Council of Victoria did not take even in the matter of a grant to an individual t 'li, aB you lead me to anticipate,' the Duke con tinued, 'the opinion of the constituencies shall be distinctly pronounced in favour of the vote to Lady Darling, 1 entertain the hope that the Council will, have accepted the decision as a sufficient reason for acquiescing, not only in the vote itself, but in the mode in which it shall have been brought before them, and thus terminate a contest so dangerous and so increasingly dangerous, to the existing Constitution of Victoria.'. The hon. member knew that there wa3 no analogous action here to that, and that he had no sufficient reason for the action that he had taken that day. If he went into the whole matter and cited the whole of the facts as between the Legisla tive Council on the one hand and the Ministry or Assembly on the other, they would go to prove that if thu Government here had taken any other action than they had they would have been false to the position laid down by the Secretary of State, And it must be remembered that the liegialftive Council of Victoria had had no triumph except, that the action of the Ministry was wrong. It was wrong of the Ministry to attempt to piss a grant of this kind as they sought to do, but that did nut prevent it being passed. And at the same time, they had received a lesson which had caused. them, he had no doubt, to agree a few days since to the land tax of Mr. Berry, (Hear, hear.) If they had not been sure that it would be wrong to set themselves in perma nent opposition to the people of the colony as represented in the Assembly they would have resisted that tax. (Hear, hear.) The hon. membfir, had professed a willingness to diminish the power of the Council, but he would ask him or any other man in the community had his action that day a tendency to diminish the power of the Councilt Was he not more likely if he succeeded to increase that power, and encourage them to eserciso ii? (Hear, hear, and No.) It would encourage them, because the Council would say the other branch of the Legislature have supported us and will support us. And yet such a motion as this came from a man who Eaid he wa3 willing to do what he could to diminish the power ol the Couucil. Mr. COOKE-'A man.' The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward)-If it was thought offensive he would withdraw the word, as he had not UBed it in au offeLsive senee. Mr. KAY said an objection had been raised tha other day to a member calling another a man. The SPEAKER said in that case the member had spoken of the other as that nun and had dona, so in an offensive manner, but there was no objec tion to the use of the word man. Mr. BOCJOAUT wished to point out Jthat he had not made any objection. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) said the hon. member had made a great point of the fact that he had never Bpoken a disrespectful word of the Council. He supposed the hon. member meant in his public uiterance3. He did not think it would be altogether fair to go into a mn.n's private Btate mentB-(Mr. Boucaut— 'You ruay if you like') — and he would admit that in his public utterances he Ii&d; not heard him speak disrespectfully of the Council. But he had endeavoured to intimidate them and compel them to pass a ceitain Bill by the voice of public opinion; and as b /act he had prevailed on two members by . that means, for the Bill had been rejected by a majority of five on the first occasion when it was sent up, end by a majority of only two on tha second. But be had not only sought to intimidate the Council, but had gcine about the country to meetings and sought to instigate the expression of public opinion. (An hon. member— 'So did you.'- He had, of course, but the only difference was that he was consistent and the hon. member was not. He was prepared to take a firm Btand again for the cuitailment of the power of the Upper House, and when the time arrived for taking action in the matter he, as a public man, would take a very active part. If the Council did not accept the curtailment themselves he would be in favour of doing the work for them and petitioning Her Majesty the Queen for an alteration in the Con stitution to effect that result. His action now was entirely consistent with his action in 1875. The hon. member had said that he was prepared to Bhow that the Legislative Council had eminently constitutional grounds for the actioa they had taken. He would ask the hon. member if he thought that the Council had a right to assume to dictate who should constitute a Minister. Did he think it a part of the functions of that body to decide who should be a Minister of the Crown in this community? Did he think they had a right to refuse to go on with public business because their attempt to drive a Minister from his position had failed? Would he uphold them when they abandoned the first positien in ignoring the representative of the Crown in the Council and taking the public business out of his hands* (Hear, hear.) Those were the three points against them- assuming to say who should be Ministers* refusing to go on with the business of the country because the Chief Secretary was not removed, and taking out of the hands of a member appointed to the Council like themFelvea and nominated by the Crown the public business, to place it in the hands of a member not nominated by the Crown and irresponsible to the Crown. (Hear, hear.) He would read a letter from a gentleman wno ind studied constitutional law at least as much as Mr. Boucaut, but who had studied it m order to be consistent, and not for the purpose of being able to take whichever Bide of an argument suited bis purpose. This waa what the gentle rnan who was a resident in Victoria, eaid: » I hare been watchinjr with close interest the con 3n fir nq T ran cee the Upper lioutG is wnoiiy ctfory whom he bid no doubt Mr. Boucaut knew. Gfame.) He would not give the name. (An hon. skwums ffsr a ssps tte value of the anonymous writings m the newa Srera (No.) There could be no question that greatEtress had been bid upon the opinions that the newspapers were expressing agains* the Mtoistry. They had even gone so far as to quota from the Australasian. Mr. Boucaut's next con tention was that the Council had a rignt to express an opinion upon questions of policy where expendi ture was involved, and his answer to that was that unless it was expenditure of an extraordinary kind, such as he had referred to in the despatches, the power of the purse rested with the Lower House. No motions for expenditure had been placed before the Council; but they were both case3 in which they were anticipating expenditure. The expendi ture was wanted immediately, and they did not wish to wait for the Appropriation Bill. It was not the same with this vote, for if the House had notl wished the work commenced at once nothing would have had to be done but put it upon the Estimates and send it up. There was nothing which involved a question of public policy in the mere erection o£ a public building. They were doing it every day, and the Estimates were teeming with instances in which Bueh works were undertaken without the Council having any opportunity of considering them. He would instance the new Institute Building on North-terrace, involving quite as much expendi ture as the new Parliament Houses would. That vote was placed on the Estimates, and the Legis lative Council were not asked to acquiesce in taat vote. (Hear, hear.) The vote for the new Govern ment Offices in Victoria-square would be placed on the Supplementary Estimates. There had been no claim from the Legislative Council to have that vote submitted to them. The only thiug which the hon. member for Encounter Bay mentioned as a justification for his argument was that the Houses of Parliament were for the convenience of the other branch of the Legislature a3 well as' for that: but there were two answers to the point. They were not professing at present to do more than provide accommodation for mem bers of that House. (Mr. Bees— 'How about the site?') An opportunity had been given to the Legislative Council to express an opinion on tnat. They had been consulted upon it. A Commission, Of which he thought two of the Council s members were members, Eat and reported upon that par tieular point, and all that the Government pro fessed to do was in accordance with the report Of that Commission, with which the Council con curred, and therefore it was absolutely erroneous to say that they had no proper constitutional way of considering the question The hon. member for Encounter Bay said that fair Henry Barkly refused to deal with the question of payment of members in Victoria as the Government were dealing with this matter. Was there any analsgy in forcing the Legislative Council to deal with pay ment of members by including it in the Appropria tion Act, and such a vote as this for new Parliament Bouses being included in the Appropriation Act? There wasno analogy whatever, and he was surprised that the hon. member should use such an argu ment The hon. member spoke of a dissolution at the present time as being a wicked and improper thing. He thought he might say the hon. member was afraid of a dissolution — (Mr. Boucaut— -lUb,' and Ministerial cheers) — and many of those acting with him were afraid of a dissolution, because they knew the opinion of the people was with the Government — {'''Hear, hear,' from the Government side)— that if the electors were polled to-morrow they would say that the hon. member was doing wrong in seeking to uphold the improper action of the other branch of the Legislature, in ignoring the privi leges of that House, and in seeking to anticipate the verdict which in the natural course of things the people must pronounce in three or four months. He challenged the hon. member to deny that he would not go back to his constituents with any hope of being returned. (Hear, near.) He had received a telegram from several leading men in the hon. member's own district who influenced public opinion, stating 'Public meeting called for Friiay to support the Ministry.' (Cheers.) He was proud that the people of EnconnterBay had not been cajoled by tne hon. member, and he would tell him that if he went there he would [not command their confidence. (Mr. Boucaut— 'I never said IB would.') Then he came to the hon. member's last point, and he only referred to his speech at this length to show that he considered him a foeman worthy of his steel— he SEked would it be good for the people of South Australia that the Council should yield, having gone so far, and he deliberately answered the question in the negative. Then he believed that because the Legislative Council had done what he dared not say was right that they should rather adhere to their decision and be xiphelJ by the House than that they should give way. W hat did the Secretary of State Eay from an Imperial point of view, who might be supposed to have a larger education in statesmanship than any politician could have here ? Why the quotation that he .(Mr. Ward) had read before he expressed regret 'that the Legislative Council had not adopted the course held out to them, and the hope that when an expression of the opinion of the country was obtained they would not press their view any further. And jet the hon. member said it would be an unfortunate thing for the people of the colony if the Legislative Council 3id give way. He must have used that argument ior the purpose of accomplishing his own object of gettipg on those benches, and he gave him the credit even if he succeeded in changing places that he would not go on that principle, bur, would believe that the Council should give way. And if be said that if a chaDge of Ministry took place the Council would waive their objections and retreat from that position which they had taken up, that \raa not a step which it would be for tha House to assist the Council in. He had endeavoured to answer]tbe hon. member as Eucciecntly as he could, and he now wished to take the opportunity of «aying that if he had in anything he had uttered at any public meetings been on'ensive to the Legis lative Council, he would ask hon. members in common fairness to remember the re peated insults which had been heaped upon him by inferior members of that body. He had been most grossly insulted byname by those inferior members; but though he had had the opportunity of scarifying them to hiB heart's content if he had chosen to do so. he had never mentioned their names and he did not Intend to do eo now. (Cheers ) He would not regret, if it was his fate, to go out of office upon auch a question and in such a cause as this. He had had the honour of holding office z.% a Minister of the Crown longer, with two or three exceptions, than any other man in South Australia, except some of his colleagues, and he rejoiced that in so long a term of office in which he and his colleagues had been sustained by the expressions of confidence of the people and the votes of that House that there had been so littie to say against them individually and collectively. All that could. be found against them in their lengthy tenure of office was that they were unwilling to sacrifice the privileges of the people of this country. The soldier who fell upon the battle-field in the defence of the privileges and the freedom which hi3 ancestors had won was covered with glory in his death and his memory with respect, and if the Ministry fell it would be in defence of the privi leges and freedom of their ancestors, which some ofthem bad helped to win. They would not be disgraced— they would not carry any discredit with them into their retirement; and depend upon it it would not be long be/ore in the sheer force of public opinion they would rise again. They could look the House in the face and say that there was no unworthy act of their administration upon which their {opponents could put their fingers, It might be that some members of the House would support the motion because the Govern ment had raised the railway tariff, be cause the action of the Government in dealing with the Crown lands of the colony was not what they would prefer, because the school houses had not been built in their districts. Little twopenny-halfpenny matters of this sort might influence some hon. members upon a grave ques tion like this, but it was a pity that it should be so. (Hear, hear.) It was a pity that the determi nation of the vote would not depend upon the strict terms of the motion. The hon. member for En counter Bay wished to limit the debate to the terms of the motion, but he wished to gain votes on other considerations than those involved in it If carried, it must accomplish the purpose of ren deriBB the Legislative Council paramount and this branch of the Legislature subservient. If the hon. member succeeded the strupgie was not finished. It would go on, and the Government would not flinch from the position they had taken np. Whenever they went to tha country— whether jnthm a month or four months— they would still be ftraad contending for all they were contending for that day ; but if they were willing to abandon it, ir the hon. gentleman should come back to the posi toon he sought to occupy, then the Legislative Council would be made paramount, as 'by his action he souab t to make them thst day ; and then Allowing for possible absences !es3 than nine mem bers of tne Legislative Coundl might ba the abso late dictators of tne colony-(hear)-ina5mnca as there was no appeal from them to the Governor or to then constituents. That was a position which the Government wished to prevent, and if this was his last appearance for the present in the position 6e had the honour of occupying as Minister of the Ciown he was proud to relinquish his position in accordance with that character. (Cheers.) Mr. WIGLEY considered the question they had to decide one of the most important that ever came before the House. (Hear, hear.) He en treated hon. members not to lose sight of the great constitutional question which was involved, and to lose sight of everything else that had been said, but to seep that in view. And what was it? It was had the Legislative Council the power to create and destroy Ministries? (Cheers from the Government side.) That was the question before them; and he was glad to say— although he must admit that he had wavered— he had Eought the light and saw his way to doing his duty in that House. If hon. members thought the Legislative Council had that right and it wa3 nonsense to put it in any other way, let them vote for this motion; if they thought the Legislative Council tad not that right, let them vote against it (Cheers from the Treasury benches.) It appeared to him that t' ey could come to no other decision than this— that in voting for the motion they were puttii g their heids in the dust and letting the Legislative Council trample upon their necks. (Hear, hear) It was impossible to nut it in any other way if they considered the facts. fie did not say that the Ministry had not rnudd ed the matter in seme de?iee, and tnat it had handled I it altogether as it should have done ; ne would not say that they had given the Legislative Council no cause for offence; but supposing they turned tue Ministry out of office, they would ba rendering up to the Legislative Council their very life. (Hear, hear.) He did not Eay that the gentlemen coasu tuling the. Council at the present time would now take advantage of the precedent thus set up; but if , they were offended by any other Alinister I as they said they had been offended by I Sir Henry Ayers they would turn round and I make the House do what they were making them I do on the present occasion— turn the Minis ry \ out. (Hear, hear.) They would be virtually governing ihe colony, and the House of Assembly might as well go about its business to-morrow. He would rather have his tongue plucked out of his head than agree to such a motion. In voting against it he might be making enemies, but if the motion were Io3t certain hon. members would live to Bee the day when they would thank those hon. members who supported the Government for main taming their privileges. He appealed to the hon. and learned member for Encounter Bay to say whether that motion would not be establishing a very awkward precedent — a precedent which would give to the Legislative Council the right in the future to make and unmake Ministries. (Uheers.) Mr. SINCLAIR would vote against the motion and for good reasons. He thought it premature to have introduced the motion at the present time, just as the Council had taken action in the matter, and had adopted an address to the Governor asking his opinion. The least that could be done would have been to wait till the opinion had been re ceived. Besides, the short notice which had been given precluded a new member from taking part in the debate. The origin of the difficulty seemed to him to have been very trifling— a mere mistake on the part of the Ministry in not asking the sanction of the Legitimate Council to the Parliament House expenditure. He had voted against the building of the new Houses because he had thought that tney would not be required for some time to come, and he waB still of that opinion. If such a motion were put on the Paper again he would vote in just the same way. He was decidedly of opinion that the Government had made a mere error of judgment, and had no intention of setting the Legislative Council at defiance. (Hear, hear.) A molehill had been magnified inio a mountain. He believed the present Ministry had done all that it could to mend matters ; and the motion introduced by the Commissioner of Public Works in July last was proof of this desire on their part. For his own part he would be very sorry to see any dis agreement between the two Houses. He would have liked to see the matter settled amicably, and had not this motion been brought forward he believed matters would have oeen very shortly rectified. (Hear, hear.) Mr. COOKii said that early in the debate he had intended going fully into the question; later on in the debate he had made up his mind not to speak at all ; but later on still hon. members in opposi tion had been taunted with neither kicking nor hitting at the Government at alL (Mr. Colton— 'You can do neither.') He would try and oblige the hon. member in this way- (Hear) -although he did not propose to do so unkindly, cr to hurt the hon. member very much. Mr. Ward had found fault with the anonymous Press writers of the colony, but immediately after wards the hon. member read an anonymous authority from Melbourne, which, however, accord ing to the hon. member's own showing was not worth anything at alL The hon. member all the way through had tried to bring about a false issue. He had tried to represent this a3 a constitutional struggle between the two Houses. If it were such a struggle, and a question of maintaining their rights and privileges, every member would go with the Ministry ; but it was a question as to whether or no they should support the bungling of the Ministry. It was not a question as to whether we had committed ourselves or as to whether the the House itself was in antagonism with the other House; but it was a question as to whether the Ministry in carrying out the wishes of the House had not so bungled the whole affair as to bring themselves into an tagonism with the Council and not the House at large. It was not, as they were told, that the House was responsible through its own action. (Hear, hear.) They wished to preserve the House from a deadlock. The Ministry took it for granted all through that the other House had been doing something wrong— they took the thing as already proved and argued accordingly. The Council at all times had been jealously alive to any attempt on the part of that House to rule by resolution. Even at the slightest breath of something of the kind some years ago the Council, on the motion of Mr. Younghusband, passed the following motion :—' That in the opinion of this Council the policy pursued by the Ministry in attempting to legislate by resolution only in one branch of the Legislature is detrimental to the interests of the colony, subversive of the Constitution, and calculated to bring about a collision between the two Houses of Parliament.' Mr. Younghusband said— 'It was not all probab'e that the members of the Legislative Council elected by the people to operate as a check and safeguard upon the proceedings of the House of Assembly would tamely allow the powers with which they had been invested in full confidence by the community to be ignored and rendered nugatory. The natural consequence of the pro ceedings adopted by the Ministers of the Crown would be to induce a collision between the two Houses of Parliament most detrimental to the public welfare. He had no hesitation in stating his personal conviction that it was the intention of the Ministry to provoke and bring about such a collision, ' The SPEAKER said he did not see how this matter applied to the present debate. It had nothing to do with the action of the Ministry on the matter in question. Mr. COOKE only wished to show that years ago the Council had the same sensitive regard for their position — The SPEAKER said he must point out that independently of the matter not applying to the present debate, the hon. member had only been reading an expression of opinion. Mr. COOKE bowed to the Speaker's ruling, but thought that he had been referring to an analogous case. The question was then whether the Minis try[had been doing anything needlessly provocative of a collision between the two Houses. (Hear, hear.) Those who wished to read the past couid see it in the present. We had been told that the struggle was one between 20,000 and 40,000 electors. He denied that. It was a struggle between five or six men in the Government and one man in the Legis lative Council against the representatives of 20,000. When the privilege debate was before the House Mr. Townsend said, at that tune there was a distinct collision. The SPEAKER— There is no privilege debate on at present. Mr. COOKE said the issue waa whether the course the Government had taken was likely to lead to a collision between the two Houses. Mr. Towsend had laid down the position as to the colllision and what the constituencies were going to say. Two years ago the same gentleman said there was this great difference between the mem bers of the Assembly and the Council, that the former might be influenced by particular districts, while the latter would represent the whole colony. That being the opinion of the strongest sjid loudest Government supporter, what were they to Eay of the arguments brought forward iniavour of the Government? Mr. BOUCAUT would not allude to the personal attacks which had been made upon himself by Ministers and others. The issue was too grave for that. At the proper time he would be ready to justify his conduct even with the ability of the Minister of Education against him. He regretted that after the encomiums passed by the Treasurer on the debate he should have occupied the time of the House by referring to questions foreign to the subject before the House and making personal attacks. If any hon. member had had a lesson on telling hon. members what ought to be done and what ought not to be done, he had. All the Go vernment were now doing they had had done by him ; but it was not incumbent on him in his pre sent position to say what he would do. He could say that he would not make such an intolerable bungle of responsible government as the present Government had done. (Cheers.) He was told he would have difficulties to deal with. The Trea surer said this towards the close of his speech, which was scarcely worthy of the conclu sion of the first part of it. (Hear, hear.) In singularly bad taste he had made insinuations and mentioned names of gen tlemen Rho were as able and as good as himself, and had tried to sow discord among members who were going to vote against the motion. (Hear, hear.) The statement made by some hon. members, and notably the Treasurer, that he had been for a long time using his influence to iDJure the Ministry was utterly untrue. (Mr. Colton— 'No.') He chal lenged the hon. member to prove it. All last Bession he supported the Government, and he made no attack upon them this session. (Oh.) He dis countenanced the vote of no confidence, although he afterwards threw in hiB lot with his friend3 ; and until the Legislative Council retreated from the position they at first assumed, and which he told his friends he could not agree with, he had been no party to the proceedings in the Legislative Council; and it was unworthy of Ministers to say bo when they knew it was untrue. (Hear, hear.) The Opposition had been taunted with being silent that day. But what had they to answer? The whole discussion from the Ministerial benches was a taiking round the subject and against time until two hon. gentlemen came down from the country. (No and Hear, hear.) Did they not see Ministers looking at their watches and messengers going out to eee if the gentlemen had arrived? (Opposition cheers.) Therefore it was unnecessary to reply to nine-tentns of the arguments adduced, and which had do bearing on the question at issue.. There was one thine he regretted. He did not think the division would result in a victory for the Government; bat he would Eay that a man in his position standing somewhat prominently in the HouBe of Assembly at the gravest crisis of our history had a right to be dealt fairly and honourably with. He wished to express regret at the unreliable promises and statements of one or two hon. members, and notably ihe hon. member for Albert (ilr. Wigley) on whom he waited with a friend the previous day. (Loud laughter.) He had doubts as to him, and he asked him how he intended to vote, because he ielt_ that he wonld not take the responsibility of sucn a position without first ascertaining the leelings ci hon. members. Mr.Wigley said. ''You may rely on me. 1 promise you I shall vote for }ou. Hon. members laughed as if it were im proper to ask an hon. member how he intended to vfv, 'was, 'he duty of an hon. member before he tabled such a motion to have an idea of how the voting would go-(cheersl-and therefore he was not ashamed to saj he asked the hon. and learned member for Albert. He should be sorry if any one could get up thus publicly in the House and say tnat he had broken his promise. (Hear hear ) If anything justified him in theaction he had taken it was the speeches delivered by the Minister of Education, the Attorney-General, and ilr. Town send. Be said justified him, because in a great issue like the present if he felt in hia own conscience he was doing right, he did not care either for any manor any constituency ; he would do his duty (Cheers.) The speeches of these three gentlemen justified his action; it showed the extreme gravity of the situation. Mr. Townsend. in a voice of thunder, talked of blood. (Laughter.) He had the discretion to refer to his ancestors' b'.ood. (Loud laughter.) But the mere fact of fcuch expressions showed the danger of the issue. The hon. member had said, ard tbe statement had been repeated usque ad navscam. that the public were at is-=ue witli the Opposition. The public did not understand the Question. (Cries of ' Oh/') The Ministers did uot uuderEtand it. (Oh, and laughter.) When the iEsue was put fairly before the people the country would not be with the Ministers. He had just had a teleeratn from Encounter Bay. He was afraid of a dissolution, not because he was afraid of facing his constituency or many others, but because he was afraid of the injury to Smith Australia which would result from the delay of public business and the ill-feeling which would accrue. (Cheers.) He had not said that a dissolution would be a wicked thing. (Mr. Ward — 'Yes;'' and another hon. member— ' No.') He did cot think he said so; but if he did it was a mistake, and he apologized for it. What he said or meant to say was that it would be a wicked and improper thing for the Government to advise a dissolution. (Cheers) Mr. Towmend had Epoken about Lord Brougham going down to the Houses with the power to create 80 peers. Lord Brougham afterwards said he regretted his action, and constitutional writers said it would have been a dangerous and improper thing to do —that.it waaV'to the last degree calamitous,' as the hon member for the Burra kindly reminded him. The hon. member for the Sturt would excuse him saying that the case did not apply in the pre sent instance. They were told by the Minister of Education and Mr. Townsend that the Legis lative Council was powerful and irresponsible. Mr. Bl- th bad already shown that it was irresponsible. It was true that it was one of the moat powerful Upper Houses. But was that the reason why that House should rush into a ftrug^le with it? (Cheers.) Would it not be better to com piomise the matter— not in the way that the Attorney-General suggested he was in favour of. Our whole history had been a compromise. If there was one thing which more than another had made the constitutional liberties of the English Bpeaking nations it was the compromises that had been made from time to tide. He would say, 'Compromise if you can when you are in a quatiel.' But he would say doubly, ' Do not go into aquarrel.' As Lord Bacon had said— 'A wise man out of a quairel should be aware of making an adversary, but in the auarrel he should make his adversary beware of him.' He maintained that at present there was no quarrel between the House of Assembly and the Legislative Council, and if justice was due to the country there ought not to be one. Nothing, however, would be more likely to precipitate such a quarrel than the speeches of the hon. gentlemen he had named, some of whose declarations were personally offensive to the Legislative Council. (No, and Hear, hear.) They had been told that Mr. Hawker did this and that. They thought that matter was done with long before. They ridiculed that argu ment when they beat the Ministry by a majority of sis votes. Mr. Hawker then thought that the Government would have gone to the Legislative Council and asked them to pass a resolution as they had asked the Assembly. He did not expect they would make such an inconceivable bungle as they had made of it. The Minister of Education— whose wonderful power of speech he feared because the hon. gentleman could mislead, the people by bis fluency and his ability in placing his arguments before them— said the £20,000 was paid in connection with the Darling grant. In his previous speech he (Mr. Boucaut) said tbere was a tejegram from England saying that Sir Charles Darling would not accept the money. That telegram he would now read. It was from Alexandria, dated 28th May, 1868, and was addressed to Sir Henry Manners-Sutton, and was as follows:— 'Sir— Ihave just received the following telegram from the Duke of Buckingham and Chandos, which His Grace has requested me to forward to your Excellency :— 'Since my despatch of the 22nd of May Sir Charles Darling has written to declare his inability to accept the proposed grant, either himself or by Lady Darling. I have the honour to be, &c;, T. E. Stanley, CoiibuI.'' Immediately after the receipt of that telegram in Melbourne Mr. Fellows went out, and Mr. McCulloch went back. (Mr. Ward— 'It was ulti mately paid.') It might have been paid long after the struggle. (Mr. Bees— 'After Sir Charles Darling's death.') Perhaps after his death— at any rate it was long after the whole issue had been foufiht over, and on that issue the Legislative Council was successful. He had not followed the issue of the case beyond its important public phases; but he remembered being told by Mr Fellows that the amount slipped through owing to an oversight, and possibly it was paid. The Minister of Agriculture had accused him of garbling the extracts he had read upon the subject, but no man would read the whole of the despatches in the House, and he only read those parts that he believed were material. The hon. gentleman said that the Legislative Council in Victoria passed Mr. Berry's Laud Tax Bill the other day because they were defeated; but it was nothing of the kind. They had yielded for the same reason that the Council here should have yielded to his (Mr. Boucaut's) Stamp Duties in 1875, viz., in deference to public opinion upon a question of policy, and also because they wished to fight the Assembly upon another point, and they did not wish to have too much on their hands. Mr. Berry and fifty or sixty members of the As sembly were pledged to payment of members, and the membeiB of the Legislative Council were pledged against it and they would not have it, and they had accepted the Land Tax Bill that they might be morepowerful when he sent it up, whether in the Appropriation Bill or separately. Instead of losing power during the whole of the struggle they gained power. The hon. gentleman had read a lelter from a member of the Government in Vic toria. Be (Mr. Boucaut) had had several letters from various persons on political matters, and he quite agreed that it was fair play not to mention the writers. He bad received a letter from a gentleman who had been at the head of the Government, and who said that there were a great many politicians in the colonies who had not yet woke up to the powers of the Legislative Councils, and the necessity of wisdom and mode ration in dealing with them. He ventured to put that in opposition to the letters which the hon. member bad read, and he would venture to say that all the leading men of Victoria took the view that the hon gentleman had not advocated. (Mr. Ward— 'No.') At any rate nearly all. Considering the gravity of the situation, and considering that the Ministers would be called upon to calmly advise the Governor, he wondered at the statement of the Minister that if the Council would not yield they must be made to yield. Who was to make them yield when they thought they were right? Were they to 'go into an unnecessary struggle for the purpose of making them yield, if by moderation they could obtain the same object? (Cheers.) He (Mr. Boucaut) asked to secure that object by moderation, and the Minister of Education by declamatory fighting. (Mr. Ward— 'We have been moderate.') What ! moderate to Bay that the Council were on strike, and that if they would not yield they must be made to yield, when there was no question between the two Houses? Ho wise man would make such a declaration until the struggle had nearly come to the bitter end, and_ that came about which had almost come about in Victoria, viz., anarchy. The hon. member did him a great in juBtice when he talked about the storm in the teacup. It was upon another occasion that he spoke of that, and what he had said that day was that the Chief Secretary was wrong in whatever sense it was taken. He was wrong if he said the present state of things was only a storm in i a teacup, and he was wrong if he said that in regard to its inception. In In a csse in which the constitutional privileges of the Council were invaded it was unjust and in correct to Eay that the inception of the matter was a storm in a teacup. It was an undoubted trespass by the Government. If it were only a storm in a teacup and the Chief Secretary had retired they would have heard no more of it; but the Ministry had increased, until it had become a gale, and unless it was stopped it would become a hurricane. This was the real question, and he wished to bring hon. members back to it, because it had not been touched by any one of the Ministers except tbe Minister of Agriculture aud Education, who had answered it wrongly. The question did affect the power of the purss, and the Victorian cases he had quoted were analogous. The principle of respon sible government was that the Lower House must Bend to the Upper Bills of Supply and Appropria tion, but not including any items which they had reason to suppose would be objected to. That principle equally applied to Tariff Bills or grants for expenditure on new works such as that in dispute. The Minister said be had only referred to Victoria and asked why he did not quote Imperial precedents. If that meant anything it meant that the hon. member would stand by the precedents of the Imperial Parliament, and he would show him that according to the usages of the House of Commons it was improper to put on the Estimates a vote like this which the Minister said the Government would call upon their supporters at all hazards to support. The Ministers had said that he (Mr. Boucaut) had stated that the Legislative Council had constitutional grounds for tbe action they had taken. He did not know whether he had said that, but if he did he justified it now, and he did not hesitate to Eay, notwithstanding ths demon stration of his own constituents, that the Legisla tive Council bad constitutional ground for the action they had taken so far as it related to oppo sing by all proper means the action of the Govern ment in placing this £10,000 upon the Estimates. To that extent they would be justified in throwing out tbe Appropriation Act, and the hon. member knew that the Chief Secretary would not get one member to support him if the £10,000 went up. He knew the gravity of the situation and of the words he was uttering. He did not justify the Legislative Council in declining to eo, on with the business, and he never did. Publicly and pri vately, however, he had expressed his views upon the point, and he was separated from friends for a considerable time on that account. He jastified the Council for passing a vote of no confidence because that was constitu tional, and it was a thing which had been done again and again. He thought the vote was very unwise, although justifiable, and when he heard of it he ventured to express his opinion. Their vote in absolutely declining to go on with the business was unjustifiable, but the vote of want of confidence was imprudent. The Ministry said that their action in taking the business out of the hands of Sir Henry Ayers was unconstitu tional. When he first heard of it he paid it was nonFense. He did not know that it was utterly unjustifiable, because there was something to be said in favour of it, considering the usage the members or the Council had complained of at the hands of Sir H. Ayers. It was chi'dish to say that the Chief Secretary was persecuted when he had the whole weight of the Government at his back, and was continually insulting members who were as good as himBelf. (No.) A Minister in the Assembly had been turned out for hi3 insufferable tone and manner, and such a thine might happen again. How could the Ministers tell their supporters, 'All things are foing. smoothly and nic ly. and wby need we meddle? ' The Ministry iaiu their Bils acre being passed. Why, nearly every one tbey -iad had a cbai;ie of dealing with had been shovelled out; ard were things going on nicely when the Ligis lauve Council ha.l taken the business out of the hands of the Government representative? How could they expect an7 man o. sense to vote for them when such a state r f things existed? And who was responsible for this ? Hot the Opposition in the House of Assembly. It was ridiculous to s=ay that tbey had anything to do with it. The (jo\ercment complained of one or twe speeches; but he had a right to make them, and he was rather soiry he did not say more. The Eugliah rule was that when there was any reason to expect opposition to a vote it should be sent to the Upper House in a separate bill. (Mr. Ward— 'Not i in the case of an ordinary work.') ]Not per haps in the case of making roads, but certaiuly in the construction of large buildings. (Jlr. Ward — ''Notin the erection of buildings.'') He wou'd say emphatically that a vote for the erection of buildings to cost £160,000 could not be considered in any shape as a vote for the ordinary annual expenditure of the Government. Among the very papers tbe bon. member had quoted from was a report of a Select Committee of the Victoriau Legislative Council on precedents, and the follow ing was aii extract from the iustauce^ given :— ' For the construction and improvement of West minster Bridge various sums had been voted at diflerent periods. --On the 13th May, 1742. £20,0t-0; on the 24th June, 1754, £25 0u0. In both tlitse cases the votes had hten carried into tiiect in separate B 11s, and bad not appeared in the Appropriation Act. On the 27th June, 1742, £25,010; in 1743, £25,C0'J; in 1742, £2,500; all which hid been carried into effect by separate Bills, but had also b- en incorporated with the Appro priation Act. It was ev:ilence, therefore, that in these instances, all relating to the same object, the House had been influenced solely by con venience, There were various othersimilar grants. On the 2nd of Watch, 175b', £1-',000 for widening the streets of Westminster : and in May, 175S, £10,010 lor repairing Milfoid Haven; which votes were carried into effect by separate Bills, although they appeared in the Appropriation Acts ; in 1759 £10,OC0 for Milford Haven; on the 9th of May, 1759, various sums as compensation for the pur chase of lands at Portsmouth and Plymouth: on the 23rd March, 1762, £5,000 for paving West minster; and on the 14th April, 1767, £2,000 additional for the same , purpose.' That was constitutional law now, and it would be found in May. (No.) Did the hon. member deny that that despatch was not approved by the Home Government? What the Secretary of State said in effect was that he wondered that in the fsce of these precedents the Assembly could have forced upon the Upper House a grant of this character. A few days ago he had read a passage in Todd which pointed to a case decidedly the same, for he said where there waa reason to antici pate that the Upper House would object to a vote it should not be included in the Appropriation Bill, even where it concerned the members of the House of Commons alone. They had had a blood declaration by the hon. member for Sturt, coupled with the thunder about pressing on the rights of that House, and he pointed out that because the House had voted a sum of money therefore it must be voted. He had spoken of the dearest principles being at stake in the quarrel between the two Bouses, and while he would not follow him through tbe Bpeech, the burden of what the hop. member Baid was that in spite of the Legislative Council we had the people at our back, and we would carry out the work. It was said that the Government were standing up for the House of Assembly, and that be was standing up againBt it; but why had they stopped the works after the will of the As sembly had been expressed in two separate motions if they meant to stand up for its will being carried out? He could not help congratulating the Attorney ? General, who said that the statement of the [Chief Secretary about the deadlock was an after ? dinner Bpeech, and afterwards went on to show that it was an important deadlock, and appealed to the country whether the Legislative Council would turn out Ministries. The talk of the Legislative Council objecting to one Chief Secretary one day and another another was child's play. The Council objected to an expenditure proposed for the Parlia ment Houses, and even the hon. member for the Sturt admitted that they bad a right of veto. Was that right to be taken from them? Yet the declara tion of the Ministry if it meant anything meant that they were not to be allowed to have that right It had been pointed out by the Speaker that this was not a privilege debate, but be would say that they could best guard their own privileges by not trying to trample upon those of the Legislative Council, fle had been told by one of the Ministers that he was wroDg in hia constitutional law, but he would show what he bad read on the point in the debates of the Imperial Parliament on the question. It was said by Lord Lyveden in the House of Lords;— 'The object of the 57th clause of the Constitution Act was to prevent the Government from doing exactly what Sir Henry Manners-Sutton did- pro posing any vote of money against the opinion of the Legislative Council and the Secretary of State. The Legislative Assembly never could nave voted the money unleBB the Governor had enabled them io do bo by sending down hia message.' That had been supported by several members of the House of Lords, all but the Lord Chancellor, who after having had his view challenged ultimately withdrew to some extent, It was subsequently stated in, the Houie of Commons-;- and we must be guided by utterances there if we were to be guided at all— Lord Robert Montague had said the popular HouBe in Victoria in attempting to imitate the proceedings of the House of Commons was only caricaturing the proceedings and making them worse. He found that at that time Sir James McCulloch was doing just what the Government here were doing. He had pointed out that the Legislative Council by their action were trying to prevent the passing of a land Bill, As far as he was concerned nothing would delight him more than to be free from re sponsibility in this matter. (Oh.) He meant what he said, and he was surprised at the practice of members of the Ministry of making these insinua tions ; it tended to lower the tone of debates in that House. If the motion was not carried he would be relieved of all responsibility; but a very heavy responsibility would rest upon the country if it was carried. He was prepared for whatever might happen and prepared to accept the responsibility of the situation, because he knew that a continuation in the course that the Ministry had taken would lead to grave difficulties, The Commissioner of Crown lands had asked them what consideration they had for the poor Governor, bat he would like to know what consideration the Government had shown him. If they were now rejected he would be freed from much responsibility. He and his friends had no wish to force matters on, and he would have preferred to wait for the general eleclion; but as he had said he was prepared to abide by the result of the division, and if he and his friends remained in office for a fortnight he thought they would Bave the country from a very coDsiderabje difficulty. (Applause.) The motion was thenput, and declared carried. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOEKS (Hon. J. Colton) called for a division:— Axes, 21— Messrs. Basedow, Blyth, Bosworth, Bright, Cavenagb, Coles, Cooke, Darling, Duncan, Clyde, Hawker, Kay, Kine, Krichauff. Mann, Murray, Playford, Kamsay, BounseveU, Williams, and Boucaut (teller). Noes, 21— The Treasurer, the Attorney-General, ?he Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Minister uf Agriculture and Education, Messrs. Bower, Coglin, Cowan, J. Dunn, W. H. Dunn, Hardy, Joncson, Landseer. Lindsay, Pickering, Qain, Richards, Sinclair, Townsend, White, Wigley, and the Commissioner of Public Works (teller). The SPEAKER said there are 21 Ayes and 21 Noes. On previous occasions I have stated the principles which have guided me in giving my casting-vote on any question where a vote of no confidence in the Ministry was involved, and there fore on this a3 on former occasions, but without expressing any opinion on the question under dis, cusFion, I now give my vote with the Ayes. (Oppo sition cheers.) ADJOURNMENT The House adjournsd at 10 minutes past mid night till 2 o'clock in the afternoon of that day. PAIR No- Confidence Motion.— For, Mr. Eees; against, Mr. Nock. ? 