WONDERS OF A BRAZILIAN FOREST. An English writer in Goad Words gives the following account of a morning's yi it to a Brazilian forest : — As we got into the skirt of the forest the morning broke, but the reveil in a Brazilian forest is wonder fully d'fferent from the slow creeping on of the dawn of a summer morning at home, to the music of two thrushes answering one another's full rich notes from neighbouring thorn trees. Suddenly a yellow light spreads upwards in the east, the stars quickly fade, and the dark fringes of the forest and the tall palms before one has time to observe the change the sun has risen straight and fierce, and the whole landscape is bathed in the full light of day. The woods, so abso lutely silent and still before, break at once into noise and movement. Flocks of toucans flutter and scream on the tops of the highest forest trees, hopelessly out of shot ; the ear is pierced by the shrill wild screeches of a little band of macaws, which fly flaring past like the wrapped-up ghosts of the birds on some gaudy old brocade. There 'is no warbling, no song, only harsh noises, abrupt calls, which those who haunt the forest Boon learn to translate by two or three familiar words in Portuguese or English. Now and then a Bet of cries n,ore varied and more dissonant than usual tells ub that a troop of monkejs are passing across from tree to tree among the higher branches, and lower sounds, to which one's attention is called by the guide, indicate to his practised ear the neighbourhood of a Bloth, or some other of the few mammals which inhabit the forest of tropical South America. And a 1 the insects are now awake and adding their various notes to swell the general din. A butterfly of the gorgeous genus Marpho comes fluttering along the path like a loosely folded sheet of bright blue tinsel, flashing biilliant reflections in the sunshine; great dark blue shining bees fly past with a loud hum j tree bugs, in the most singular harlequin colouring of scarlet and blue and yellow, with a metallic sheen, cluster round a branch so thickly as to weigh it down, and make their presence perceptible yards off by their peculiar and sometimes not un pleasant odour. But how weak it is to say that that exquisite little collibri, mining and glittering in t- e air over that branch of bignonia bells and sucking the nectar froai them with its long curved bill, has a head of ruby and a breast of emerald and wings of sapphire, as if any triumph of the jeweller's art could ever vie in brilliancy with that sparkling epitome of life and beauty. ___????«??? »^_ 