MISS TB^EPE^.NY'S'FQBTIETEd CHRISTMAS. Only a few. yeors agq j eawhor walking, stiff nnd oreot,; through the hall of her old home. -Her gown of: lUBtrelesB silk rattled on . the .old : oaken iboards, , its Btiff folds clanging 'ilikei'pttBtebdard; and -the high: heels ' of, i her: Bhapely: boots stumped along with, a measured' -precision. ? The : still irre ipreBBible brightness and-: warmth 'of' her' jhair.were hidden by a severe'bit- of three-' j cornerd lace that fell over her' high white j brow, and heightened the dead, cold; passion- ' (leas contour of her 'faoe. ';Her; hands were, jclosped loosely behind her; her eyes bent to' the floor. ' As she walked there,; the figure was' |notan uninteresting one'in a- g^imv aabetio' jpoint of view, bnt not readily ebnneoted withj ; aiigh't ^ that' concerried1 the teii'der 'passion, ' | 'Yst many'a 'brave sftldiar/ arid'.perhdps' j arrant' rogue,' oajnes oi bit' of lead with ffitn ' tt HiBl. grave.' ' The' bullet g'oeB in ? ttnd heVer ' loomed ' o'ttt;1; Ijut mokes' a bomfprtable b4^: |aad,'bed',fb); itself, arid' has' b''perl^afeti(): home for many a year. It may be that iri that time long ago the rosy god took aini for : another 'target, 'or'' hit this one in sportive jest, fer she was, when quite a young woman, red-haii-e'd, high-nosed, and superior. 'ThiB last the worst of all. She had mastered everything at the, villag^ school, and it was the- general belief thai while Bhe waa away for a twelvemonth, oi two, Elizabeth had, learned more than wai wholesome, for any. one young woman to know ; and. when, upon her return,. . she actually took the place of her, college- bred couBin Matthew Gorse, aB.book-keeper and cashier in her father's Btpre, and was p'er'ohed upon . the high stool, with a :peii behind her delicate ear, her slim little hands fumbling among bills and papers .id the worm-eaten drawer, the. villagers shook their heads and hopedno harm might eomo of all this wisdom that Deacon Truepenny had bought for that ' hoighty- toighty da'ter o' his'n.' j But Obadiah looked. over at the riokety| throne of his daughter, and not for the first time in his life thanked God she was not 4 son. In another part of the store lounged idly his nephew, young Matthew Gorse j and as. the sharp, ferrety eyes of the old man fell upon his comely head, they took an expression of scorn and disgust that told very plainly in what estimation he was held by his forehanded uncle. ' ! ' A clerk, indeed !' groaned Obadiah, who remembered his own bitter apprentice-! ship in that line — ' trapesin' about ' with the girls at night, yawnin' and lourigini . through the day, stickin' up his impudent; nose at his betters, arid firidin' fault with' his bread and butter— a clerk, indeed !'] Obadiah was about sick of it. 'If hei couldn't help out with the mackerel and ilej and was too dainty to pick out the rotten apples, why, he might go to thunder,'] would conclude Obadiah, who, although ai deacon, was driven to the verge of pro-, fanity by this reprobate nephew, of his.' ' j 'And as to inakin' head or tail o' them] 'ere accounts o' his'n,' it was too much fori Obadiah. *' There was a screw looBe some-i where; Squire Bronsori hadn't paid that; 'bill, nor Lawyer Bates nuther ; leastwaysi if they had it was all mixed , up somehow.. He didn't want to be rash, but if he found; out anything wrong—' And here the old, man's greedy eyes would fasten themselves upon his daughter's face. She was his : anchor, his hope. What with tho tarnal j fashion o' reckoning nowadays,', tho. old: ledger was a sealed book to him. Matthew would push it dyer, to. hia uncloV aJnile con temptuously, -aria Iqungo Va'Wa^isecure, as the old'inan^'well kiiew' Wait tho'-contents were like_ a_jChineae . puzzle . in ,jiis..iands. But now he could look away from that scornful face and mocking 'smile, and; gaze upon the calm, serious one of his daughter. It might not be. lovely to some folk's, but to him it was the one face in the world;' Her keen, grey eyes, her high nose, her sharp-Bet mouth, were more alluring iri the eyes of her father than any soft-dimpled loveliness. There was that in Elizabeth's face that lent 'comfort' to his fretted soul, and a clean quiver about the girl's nostrils brought back his dog Bess to liim, and often he fell to calling her by that name, as the', only venture'. to' a; caress. herknew how to give. , . . : . When.' young Matthew caught to thiB pet title, for he had always' hated the gripa one of Elizabeth, the old. man' grinned maliciously. 'Bess it is, young man,' he said; 'sure's you're borg, and Bess was the best pointer the world ever saw. IE you've been at auy capers, she'll nose you out, mailt my words for it^' And Matthew, would turn , upon his heel arid walk contemptuously away ; -but sur reptitiously he would watch his cousin from a distance, and.as he, saw the head of the young girl Kent over, the battered old ledger, her, keen eyes probing, that miserable tell tale of. a book, his soul began to be vaguely troubled. ,-His contemptuous indifference for this young school-miss, with her Bhallow knack of deceiving her father : into .the belief she was so, wise, yielded to a Bense of mastery he found in that face, so pale, so proud, and so severely cold. -He did Bee that clean quiver, of the ; nostrils; it was perfect'; it was fatal. She knew all ; it was ,but a question of time. She held in those pretty slim hands. of hera his life or his death, his future manhood, or' hiB eternal shame. . ' He' found something tigerish in her toying ' with the fluttering ;pages of that wretched old book, and began to long for the Ltime when she lyould, swoop down upon her prey and end this agony of yearning arid suspense.' - i; '?^or there had dawned. within him of , late, Bjnce.'.instead bf the.repulsiye.power of his 'uricle, he had found a higher,;purer, nobler force to combat and fear— there, had broken' on. his. doubled spirit, ;a keener, sense of Buffering, but .with , it, the . necessity, for expiation, which amounted at; times ,to; an agony of yearning. He resolved one night tp feed tbis desire, let it cost what it would, ? He got up and Bat by ? the ? window. 'For the first time.he could look upOri:that bit of water shiirimering yonder iri the moonlight' without a shudder. His hot eyes sudderily' became-wst; a sob esoajjed liirii. '' ' ' ' ''HPur'after-hour he sat-there, motiojiles8,' absorbed, the ptey to' that thought' that1 in' the 'ghastly grey' of' -the' 'mornirig'took bo' dribious ashdpe it tore the heart withiH him.' ? All -at orice'he saw th'e'tilue caihbrib' gown' of his cp'ri8iri'flitting down thfe^ai'deri path.^ He; crept stealthily down the stairs'i holding | hid 'bre4th''a8 'he passed his' uriole's' door,' i arid'went out into' the garden! ' 'lThe fresh, fragrant 'aiif mide hitil dizzy; He felt th'e' pulses of'his'tSinples beat , arid His heart shake at'the rUBtle of, thb bushes throrigh' which he trod; 'Nature had 'scaircely awttkened1 from her ^eep^'arid the ;mppn was still iri: the1 sky. The garden 'seemed without a pulse, and -the blue robe of his cousin, that was now but a Btep from . him, took : the Bhape,' to this dazed' se'ris^s, -of a cloud that had floated fldj-wn .from heaven. He 'Stepped'oh^raid,* and olaspiri'g '.We^ung o'f. 'that clpudj tell^pi his knees ^t her feet. , : TJiQ heart of this young,, girl, already, touched., by the', tender grace of thesummer. morning, ,with the, greem of the. grass, the, twitter ,of: the: bitdB, the perfume- of the. flpwers, ,by:.that, indefinable sympathy, of v^irginal youth with- all thatiis myetical and sweet -in; nature— ijhe heart i of ? ? this ? joung girl ooased to beat- when she saw the ipale, speotralifaoe of her cousin, 'and 'felt the olutoh of his hand upon her. dress. ? ?' 1 ;- : M Tou know all, he said ;:'' you' ve got my i i seoret'outof'that acoursed -ledger. Come,* : put aniendito my ?-misery; - Tell my unole to'day. 'if you've a spark of womanly pity, 'Bess:; finish it-all to-day.' ' ; «-?' i' She-stood' quite still and looked down jupon'.himi' Even in that seoond of agony ,hei thought1 her face was the. purest' and' ?proudest in'the world. ' He- felt; no 'shaine ! iri kneeling there; - Apart fromhis'crime, it seemed to him right that he, that every one, : should be at her 'feet. But the suspense Iwas overpowering '' - ' Speak— for God's -? sake, 'speak. Cousin' 'Bess 1 .B.etray me at once, won't' you ? ;Ohi speak' V1 '' ' J ' No,' she said j ' I '\rill riot betray yeu;1', ;'But'as he-get upon his'feetj arid took' bno ilbrig'breivth'Qf'reliefj'aiid caught1' tha hand hanging, at her side, Bhe drew it away; and held it back from him. 'Ob, yes, of course, V said Matthew, bit{ terly, 'Iknowwhatyoumean; you'll shield me from disgrace. You've got a littlo mor4 pride of family than Uncle Obadiah. ' He'd hustle me off to gaol without a qualm ; but you— you'll save me, and hate me as only a proud woman can. -And, Bess, see here; 1 can't bear to thwart you; you shall have your will. Bess, Bess, what .do you' want mo to do. P Speak the word. 'Go and throw 'myself in yonder, pond, and wipe it all out for ever ? Oh, I swear to you I'll do it thii mombrit, in the .twinkling of an eye, ^ and you shalilook on and see 1' . i He, really. meant what he said. . Hp was overstrung with the weakness and agitation of those long hours of wakefulness, and theri was' something, in the face of his cousin that stung him to madness. Just then he would rather have died than remained iA the world with her. Ho mader.a plunge forward, but her hand now grasped hiB for one little moment. .. . ' No,', she said, dropping his hand .and clasping her own. :. ' I will not have it, so.'.' Her tone implied, that she had even thought of this way of ..wiping out dishonour, but rejected it. Tho nert worda told , why. ' Because I cannot bear to have you. die,' she said;; and two big tears rolled out of her eyes upon her clasped hands. ' ' Oh,' cried Matthew, with i a' groan of agony, ' why didn't I know there was such a woman in the world? Now it is 'top late.'. - ? -. ! ' It is not too late,' . said Elizabeth, gravely. 'And — ' 'What?' interrupted Matthew. -' Oh; Bess, don't drive me mad: Don't make me live to despise myself. Tell me, could you -ever forgive me p Could you in ten,- twenty .years, if I ^went through some sort of terriblq expiation at your bidding— could you have the womanly heart to endure me in the samel ' world with you ? ' i A slight rustle in the bushes at her Bide; startled Bess. She looked, and'saw only: the graceful haunch Of a Guirioa-hen ; but it quickened the nervesof Miss Truepenny.; Listen to me,', she .said. 'You say; ybu 'wiil'db aii^that I bid you. Do you mean what you' say ?.' ; ' Yes, yesj« hb replied; ', that is what I; want — ttfdb jukt'ffs' yPuVill.^as God is myj iildge, B.ess. _.I'd_havo the strength now to even tell my uncle.' ' No, no,' she Baid, with a shudder, for she knew her father well;, f* but you must pay the money back to him, without his knowing it was gone. You must take three thousand dollars of mine that are lying ' in the bank— yes, yes, you must ; you said you'd do all that I bid you.' ' Oh, Bess,' he groaned ' to take your money — your little inonoy ! I can't, Bess.' ' You will, Matthew ; you will borrow this money of me, aud pay me the same interest for it that the bank allows. It must be withdrawn to-day— this morning — so that I can make the books right. It is dreadful to. have them wrong. There now j'it.is all over.' She put her hand upon his head with a sad, sweet gesture of farewell, arid as she left him it seemed to Matthew that the bushes parted, and where her tender; gra cious face had beeri, that of a demon re mained— a cynical, sly, sneering face, a face pf 'demoniac will and. purpose, the face of his uricle Obadiah. ; .., Matthew remained for a moment petrified with fear and' disgust; but the face vanished, and it all seemed like a dream of Wis disturbed fancy. It was impossible; it could not be._ Of eoui-se not. At break fast there sat his uncle Obadiah, with -his wrinkled face' untouched by emotion of any kind;;- -'He ate with his head bent as. usual to , .the; ? table, once in -a while castiiig'-'a quick, . furtive glance'1 upon his daughter, whioh habit was a part of his meal. ? As for Bess, she poured out the coffee with a steady 'hand;' her voice' had no quaver in it; bufc there was sotriething alwayB - about -his-. 'cousin ' that '. seemed masterful to 'MattheW, only it was woiider ? ful suoh tendetnesa could go hand in hand with it. A hundred eniotioiis. 'took, away his fl appetite. It seemed to him that his soul'had just been borri.. , How differerit was tho store that day 1 The gaudy placards upon boxes and, baleB, the fly-paper on the mouldy old ceiling ; on; one 'side flaunted, gay-coloured prints and; petticoats, while . upon the other stbod sturdily rakes and hoes, Bhellena and feedei-B,, evenriibrbcbstly im'plements,of agriculture. The' side window, , with its narrow, dusty panes, its .shelves filled ,with fruit, and; pickle jars, patent medicines, and, stale ; confectionery, held also, the desk arid stool of the accountant. ., Many -a tiuie bad ho perched there, a.band of iron about hia head/ every nerve Jn ; hia body tinglirig-iwithi desperation and 'despair. . i Now there was a. high, white brow there, cool and . calm and-, passionless,, a -white . - warm ' body, bnt' ! apparently without nerves ; above- all, :a I soul free ;f rom stain. , = 'iHpw different it ;was! The old flavour iri the back of the building of musty grain and , mildew, and down in the cellar the strong : conglomeration of mackerel and oil; of brown ' : sugar- andmolasBes; of horse liniment, vine ;gar, and home-brewed beer,- of rancid butter, and bacon, of hides. of beef, hams, ari'd cod fish— the odorin of these, mingling and com; jminglingj failod to'oreate the Usual sensa tion' of:' disgust to 'Miittbew. ' He'took off' jhis fine coat, arid ^pulling up his 'shirt; ;sleeves, ramificated'dowri in the very* bowels; '.of 'this damp', Bticky, 'Subterranean re'tifeatj' jthe half-shut; wtinkled;cuririing eyes , Pf his :uriclb following him curiously ' arid , with' ari' oininouB ' spebulatibni ' Some disagreeable ' wbrk was . got'' ow. ithat1 morning! Mft' Truepenny' seeiriingly', iwillirig enorigh7to humbnr'the busy berit ef -his nephew.. About' noon Matthew went , above, arid'at the top 'of thb; ladder behbld: !thb 'flutter of a' bide'' cambric dress ; : it^set ' hiB 'heart to' beating pairifully.' Instino- ' tively ho'took hiB hat from his head, and when Bess Baw first that haridsome, spectral i h'ead^ it 'was'. even j with', the, floor. It wae 'so handsome '.arid' yet j so 'spectfki.'a head jthiit it . reminded 'her of one in a picture she'had sepn sdmewhere, that of -a cavaUer, prone upon the-bloek, rpady. for the aro of the headsman olose by. | i Sheistooped andiput-in his hand a bit of paper. ? ' He, bent: hiB head' ovor her hand ^nd as she drew.it gently away a .'loose: flutter. of ribbon from her Bleeve remained' iniMatthew's grasp. ? He looked at ifc with a sort of greedy piety; and ' put it in his pocket with the cheque. ?-.. \ It must have been nearly noon before he' could go to' tho bank. Obadiah seemed possessed with'a desire to tidy the- whole jastabliBhment, and worked hand in hand' ;with his nephew till that hour. ' ' r j -When' Matthew werit-out'of the store he past one little look behind.' The grave, candid eyes of Bess, as they met his, wore jthe? trusting corifiderice bf a little child. A' fleeting - colour. ; torched ' her ; ' cheek; She nodded to him encouragingly!. It Was 'all he could do to keep ' calm, arid-- he' went put iritb the'street;with;Murred eyes , arid] a faltering step. ' 1 Yet ' he theught hb should sbe her agairi in' ten, fifteen minutes— at the utmost a little half hour. ' , ,Vl '7 ' ^ ' i T^b,'wiilkbd 'ori witK'a ;(juiok Btep, .holding; his'hea'd high, 'looking neither tp the right nor tho left. Many a passer-by noticed hil 'preoccupied, agitated manner,- arid ' epok^ of it afterward,'. as people will, twisting and distorting everything -into' damnatory ' evi- dence against the acoused.' Theirioney was paid over to him without a question, the party counting' out the ,T three ' : thousand dollars no doubt busy in his mirid as to what speculation that red- haired,' high-nos'efi ybung' woman was' about- entering iritbs but he made no remark, and Matthew put the money . in hig pocket, where already la^ that little treasure'of blue-ribbon; and went on his way to that red-haired, high -ripsed damsel, whistling spftly as he went, for thb firsttime in years. ' ! But he had scarcely gone a third of the way when he saw his uncle Obadiah coming up thb street with one of their old townsi men by the.name .of Dobson — a lounging shiftless fellow; who had lately been apj pointed a policemari under the. new law. ; His unole Obadiah was given ^consort ing with all classes of peoplo, arid he walked by the Bide of this fellow . with the same shuffling and sly demeanour that he bore with the squire of the parish. j Matthew, with a slight salutation, would have passed quickly on,- congratulating himself that Obadiah was well out of the way for a time, but he felt the hand of his uncle on his arm. ? ' I :? ' We'll walk together,' said the old man. 'Come,' he continued, leaving his com panion and leaning heavily upon Matthew's arm, ' we'll go: down by the dam where people won't be listenin'; I want a word withyou.' ' Obadiah .was not wont to consult his nephew in anything, and Matthew's courage was shaken when they reached the mill. His eyes instinctively avoided the malicious twinkling ones of his uncle, and he shook himself free from that clutch o£ his skinny hand. A dim horror begari' to' perietrate him. The noise of the' water falling froiri the wheel, the wheel itself,; became a phantom of dread to hisimagiha-i tiori. It reminded him somehow of a; 'drowning creature' holding up its dripping; arms iri terror and supplication. ' i 'I 'take it, Matthew,' began his' uricle, ' that you'll be reasonable'; yoii'Ve gener-i ally found out pretty quick on which side' your bread is buttered. You needn't look j as if yoil were going to.be hung. For some wise reason or other the devil is let have! his agents here on the earth, .and you seem to be a pretty good help o' hiB'n. You're in luck, young man. If you behave right, I'll do: the fair thing by you; ' if you don't, you've no one r, but yourself, to biame.' I happened to be on the other side b' the hedge this mornin' when you had that little talk with Elizabeth.' Matthew did not even start. He knew it all now, but he shuddered, and said, ' ? .'Yes, I saw you.' . . ? 'Hum — you did?', continued Obadiah. '.'You see, I get 'up early— 'Early to .bed and.' early to rise,' you know, that's my motto; and Elizabeth, she's a chip o' the block, ain't she ? She's got a long head, has Elizabeth, and a cool, calculatin'- biain, hain't she, now ?' , 'Go .on I'. Baid Matthew, fiercely; ,'go on! What do ypu; want with me?' , . 'Well,' drawled Obadiah, 'I might prosecute you as a thief, you. know; you confessed you stole the money.' , I . took what was. mine,' said Matthew, his face in a blaze .of passion. My grand father; had no,r right ; to leave - you my mother's share. I won't be called by that name — be careful what you say.' . \- ?!' It's ,roy way,' said Obadiah, 'to call things by their right names. Anybody that takes- what ain't belongin' to him is a thief — hold ! keep back there 1 I'd like to say. that up yonder on the bank is an old friend, Dobson. - He's 'got handcuffs in his pocket, 'and all them: little thingB'that are in his line o' business. He hain't had much to do lately, and it's no more'n right ;he should be ready when he's called.- Perhaps I may want him; and, ag'in, I mayn't. Now see-here, I'll -give you your ch'ice, young man : you cari take that there money that you've - got iri your pocket that three thouBancT dollars of Elizabeth's ?7-arid yoii can clear off with it, get away to the devil if you like, but dori't never let me' [see or hear pf you ag'iri, me nor' mine, j Hark ye, young man; it'll be a short shrift if ye do. I'll' haul you up I'll hunt you '? down ; I'll take the. furtherest end of the' ; law on you. Them' white 'fingers o' youi-n ; hov beeri mighty free' lately ; thoy ' ain't j satisfied with takiri.' my mpriey-^they must prowl around my da'ter !' '?''' ; '/? ,, ; 'Arid here the, heiit iri the old man's' eyes; ? rivalibd the' blaze in Matthew's. '' '' Take your ch'ice, arid take it quick',', i young, man — y our freedom, the world befpre ? you. to play 'the devil iri, and that.three | i3ibdi^d'^lU»':ot.','Elizateth,s ybu'vegbt in ' ybur'.'ppck;et $kerei or ai gaol, a striped, shirt',' a Bhaven headland a, cell.' ! Matthew sank down upon the 'grass. , His |head feU upbn. his hands. ,'.Hejras'ioo sick, ia'rid sad'eveuto be angry any. more., Itwas; 'all over ; hehadlost. all.as^he had, perhaps,, ; welldeserved— hope for the^future, redempr : tiori for the past.; It was, gone for ever, that {impossible phantom of faith and tenderness |and;ineffable charity in.which'he had dared !to trust. .. - , He got upon hiB feet, and pulling the bills ;from'ihis, .pocket, -put them .in .Qbadiah's '.hand.:'. ^The bit ,of blue ribbon fell f rom. his, {trembling i flngerB. bu'jihe picked itiup arid, put it back in ;his pocket again. .: Then he iturned.to Obadiah... ; , . ; : ! '- ' See here, old- man;'' lfe said; ' there' is jElizabeth'a money.'v'Talw'.it' baok tocher';' 'she's'wftitirig t6i it riPW;'' ' Hferb! his voice' jsho'bk, arid thd musoles of his face twitched jwith an 'irrdpreS8iblo agony. 'Tell hor,''hfe: isaid,' ' it 'was all- useless— all . her . sweet wo'-' ' iaiarily mercy; but tell her,' top— do you ' hearf' — that because of that meroy, I'll do the best' ''I'cari.'il'll ti'ytoVipbitalierit.'fbrherawe'et^ :aake; and theri'ril'cbirib'back, arid riot' till' jthen. Say, will you tell hbr'that ?; or shall' ,JI do it? I Bwear to j?ou that,' inspiteof you joif'DbbsPri, I'll walk .rip the 'st&bt;* thete to iEliiabeth; jpll risk everything rathet than' jshb shaU lose faith iri 'irib. 1 May 1 depend on iyou ?' ' V;;; ; -'Y — yes,' stammeredObadiah; 'ypumay, reckon on my'dbln* what's' right.' ' , \\] ! 'Swear that you will; swear by-^O' graoiouB 'Heaven !' what is there saored to jthe soul of this old man ?— swear by .Eliza-' ibeth hersolf. aa y6u hope 'to hold her love fit favour, you'll deal fairly by me in this 'oneway.' .s .. ... ! And the old man swore.' His fatio qui. jvered like aishaken piece of parchment, arid his voice was but a whisper, but- he swore.' Then Matthew 'strode away; and in aU' the' jWeary years, that 'followed, a 'Water-Wheel was a spectre of dread to1 him; and that thorny brake; that bank of tenderest green, flecked'with buttercups' and daisies, a ' spot jto shudder over and forget. i Obadiah sat there a moment, ? broken and trembling' with' a' little argunieht that went' on within him, and he wiped'the cold sweat' that'-Btarted to his 'brow. 'Then ho'ptat ?' .waythe -bills, and went up to Dobson on , he baM;Jaboye. ;'; : filizab'ethlookedup whenher father en-, ^atheriexp'eotaritly.' ahdwith' an air 'cthbpe ful'certainty'a littlo fretted'by'dblay.j.Her soger rested upon a place in the ledger, arid on the desk ?- lay a crumpled mass of bills held.dowri by a rusty old height. , Brit her .father shuffled , on, and' there waa no. step aftbr his;'' The lorig'houra of, the 'afternoon went' '-slowly i by'; shadoWs beg^ri^-to lengthen';' and the heat and dust of the day were tempered 'by the approach of evening. '. ' ' . ' Still Elizabeth lingered at the desk, un consciously hold there by a .weight of sus pense, of vague arid harrowing fear. It was already twilight when a group of idlers gathered' under the side window, and; the confused murmur of their voices reached her troubled ' senses through the . broken pane's of glass. At last,' with fatal precision these words fell upon her ear:- ? ' Three thousand dollars 1 It was a pretty good haul for Mat Gorse to inake off with; The young scalawag somehow out witted them all. They do say the.inoney belonged to Miss Truepenny.',' ? Then'Misa Truepenny got down 'from the- stottl; and, taking her hat from Its accuBtomed- peg^ 'walked out the door homeward. By the time her father came, hot and flustered,' with even a more. shuffling step thari usual, arid took hia Beat at the table, Elizabeth wa3 as calm and cool ;as ever. Her fingers held to him the brimming cup pf tea, arid not a drop therein quivered; her keen grey eyes looked out beyond her father to thedusky laburnums at the garden gate, then 'they returned again and settled themselves upon his face. ; . ? 1 ' So Matthew Gorse took my money to day and ran away with it B' .she swdl*/1'' ?' Yes,' yes,' replied the old manj his shakirig hand spilling the tea upon , the snowy cloth; ' bo they Bay, .Bess, ; You shouldn't 'a trusted him. But .it didn't matter ; he 'was i thief and a, scoundrel be fore.' 'It did matter,' Baid: Elizabeth. 'He took those three thousand, dollars and went away, did he, father ?' Her voice grew Bhrill with a sudden over powering tone of yearning, arid she looked steadily at the old man. 'Yes, yes,' 'Stammered Obadiah, his voice also getting shrill, arid his chin shaking painfully. 'But don't mind, Bess; I'll make' it up to you; every penny'of it, and more.' . ? ; - ? - ' 'No,' she Baid, in a hard, -bitter voice, 'you can't giye it to me— nobody cyn. You can't make it up to' ine— nothing can.' 'Arid Obadiah found to his dismay that nothing could iriduce Elizabeth 'to take from him the three thousand dollaS-s. Her own three thousand hidden away became a curse to him; She made him feel like a thief himself; He had;. after all, taken her money, as Matthew Gorse' hod taken his. No matter what the motive' was,' there the .money lay — stolen from her; concealed, put out of her reach or knowledge. The thought was niiBery to him. The fact that' he had done this thing to save her frbm falling into what he thought was a share of the devil, mattered little to hirri now. If Matthew Gorse had told him, and he had known, that the money ho hod taken :wob spent in some righteous way, it wouldn't have ' raised the young' man a whit in his estiination. Money was money, and it must belong' somewhere. If it was taken from ita rightful owner, the one who took it was a thief — there lay tljp whole matter. - ' ' ThiB epigrammatic way of settling ,it made the old man's hair white in a year, took all the cunning out of his eyes, put in his face something weak and.pitiablfe, biit changed it vastly for the better—wonder fully- for the better. If Maitthew Gorse could have met his uricle in the streets of Plimpton Ceritre'.'a few years- after ' he parted with, him; he wouldn't have' known him; !' He would have lifted his hat to the bent,: drooping, white-haired' old inari arid paBsedreverentlyby. ,; ' 'But these ybais that bent and shattered the body, and soul of Obadiah ' Truepenny seemed to harden arid petrify and preserve his' daughter'. She 'grew sfraighter and stiffer and sterner and colder, till she might aliriost as well; have beeri made out- of stone. Obadiah 'could find rib fault. .She poured out his' tea for him; at fhe '.age of thirty, with the 'same punctuality and acouracy that had marked that courtesy, teri- years before. ^ She was now the' soul and centre of the buiirieks in 'Plimpton, . which ha^ greatly prospered now that the railroad ran thirorigh the towri.' ' She bought arid sold bargained arid trafficked, with the long head and sagacious foresight he had creditedher^ with when she 'waa but a girl. - Arid-all legal culprits had the same 'reason to fear her that they found long ago with her father she had no ' meroy, not even when he'pleaded for them; as he did, often and , Btrenuously ; so that; being a legal culprit _ ? himself, he begantotretableatherapproaoh, ; and crept ^ away to his own rooiri/ there to 'shiver and' 'moan ;and 'vainly - strive ? for ; ooarage to undo what he had done. For of . what avail would it' be now to make his daughter, the 'one being on earth dear to j him; hate arid despise him andcast him from jher?': ; -J, 1 — i :- \- Obadiah meant to tell his . daughter all, ,as he had sworn so to dp ; but he, had not. 'stipulated when/'thiB time Was riot in the bond;;and the moment had' never- come to [him when it seemed easy,' or indeed possible i to fulfil his promise' tb Matthew.'1' * Ho determined bo would tell her in five years ' -i-in'teri; 'he- put it off to fifteen;- arid then' jtook the crime to his conscience to lie there la'dursefor eter. | -Elizabeth was thirty-seven years old when one morning Obadir.h 'walked down tho 'main street of Plimpton; leaning heavily : u^on his gold-headed cane, arid was Briddenly j hailed -from afar by, a voice that seemed: Ifamiliar to him)' arid yet it did riot appear jposslble'tha't the disreputable arid cQlapi jdated1 tramp a'pproaching could ever have1 -.been known to him. The man's-head was. j bound ? 1 up in '. a 1 red ; handkerchief, ' ' and I despite the freezing'air, a woolleri'shirt and| ioveralla seemed to comprise his wardrobe. ' I 'Youdon't'kribw-'m0,',doyou;deacon ?' ihe said, coming close to the old riian ; ' and jPm bleSt'if-'st first ^ could make yoii ont»' jit don't seerii as if livin' bn the fat o' the 'land and sleepin' oh bods o' down has done' jiriuoh for 'yoii, 'any in0re'n ;starvatibri and ioShipiri* '(jut haS'don'e:for trie. 'The' game's ipijettJ'WelV 'played for 'both' of u%, I reckon;1 |Brit I'-rt-aut to'tell ypu^deaco'ri, that there's' somebody 'on tho war-path'.' TJnbokaown to' myself,1! did'yod'ft'bt^'tii^;out;yo^derL-a '' ! ' Out, . where, Dolisnti ?'' said ' Obadiah. ; Peifh'ipi' there wiis' only one 'other face^n; jthe world so stamped upon his mempry that' jhe' could'have iribwn it af^raU these years 'of hardship and, frustration. . But in that 'scenb dbw.lii'by' the mill-dam this man Dob«. Son was'a mute arid uncorisoioua , partaker,', isirid Mr, Trubperiny's memory was keen ; to. 'agony hbre;''', .i,..- : ' In, tlie mines,' said Dobson. . V I fell tuponyour nephew. Mat out there. Xes, l : did, deacon, that's.a fapt i aud sheer ill luck i arid misery followed me from that -l^inute., i I'm: blest .if he, wasn't a regular.- Jonah.; . he - had the cueBodeat ill fortune jn' everything he undertook, and things went from bad to worso right straight along. One don't talk of hpmo muoh out that way, deacon ; . think ; of it, you understand; more or;leas. rill the time, but don't talk of it. ..But that day I threw, ,up; my hand ; - couldn't stand it, caved , right is* BBventoen milea from camp, dead cleaned out, 110 whisky oven. We got down m a frozen ledge. Mat and -I, the sky heavy ?? .^,over B3- nnd Bome big black wingB flappin'down. ?'We'll leave our bones here. Mat,' says I, 'and them varmints up there'll pick 'em clean. ' And says Mat — he always took things quiet, you see — sayB Mat, ' Ab well hero as anywhere.' And says I, * Mat, 110; I'm blest if I wouldn't ruther be covered up clean in Plimpton church-yard, and so would you if you hadn't made off with that' money ^ of Elizabeth . Truepenny's -and, ? IiOrd ! if there was ever a mad miner, stark, ravin' mad— But hold on, deacon ! here, lean on me. Don't takeon about 'it;' ten chances to one hiB bones are bleachin' out there now. It ain't half bo easy to get back natogo. He swore he'd come, and what ' Mat undertook in that line ho generally got through ; but he was pretty woll caved, hia right leg dragged a little, and a rattlin' old cough Btuck to .him night and day. He started on tho trail and left me clean behind; but, deacon, I think he's, slipped Out, I do indeed.' ' ' ' , . Something in the face of tho deacon touched and went far to terrify the old miner. It was seamed and haggard and grey. - . 'J-'he people iii-Plimpton Centre thought it a fine thing'to'see'thf&deacon; go up the main street leaning 'upon*; tho . arm of that miserable Dobson. , ''That's true piety,' tb'ey said, and doffed their hats reverently to the poor old gentle man. That night the deacon waa no longer * able to take tho cup of 'tea. from the. hand of his daughter. Sh'e went up to his room with it, and held it to his lips, and lookeii down npon him with her cold,rkeen eyes. ! 'What night is. it, Bess?' ho said. 'I ? heard the churoh bell a bit ago.' . . ' It is Christmas nighty father.' ' 'Go down, Bess, go down, and bid Betty build tho Christmas fire upon tho hearth; 'Bid her get out the blackberry wine. Someone may need tho warmth and cheer to-night.' You are best in bed, father.' 'Ay, but go down' as I bid you, Bess; make it bright and cheery and warm below there.' ' When Elizabeth returned to her father, he held out to her his shaking hands. 'How old are you to-day?' he said; ' how old, Bess, God help me, how old ?' ' Thirty-seven years, father,!' she said, and smiled bitterly. _V-A-n-i can't you get a bit warm with the ?Christmas fire, Bess, and Betty's wine.?, It s the day our Saviour, was born to Gave miserable sinners. -You aro so cold and' ?white, Bess; poor sister Nan can't be much colder and whiter, though she's been a1 ghost this many a year, since ever Matthew Gorse was born.' At the sound of that name Elizabeth's: eyelids fell. A Bh udder crept through her frame. Something that had been dead within her Bprang to life with a birth-pang of sinister joy. 'It's a cold hearth-Btone,' muttered her father ; ' a lonely one this many a year. Keep tho Christmas fire bright, Bess ; he may come home at any time. I've righted ^ou won't, grudge him the money, Bess ? I did him a. foul wrong.' Hero he raised himself on his elbow and looked pleadingly in .her face. ' Father,' said Elizabeth, in a harsh, strained voice,' didn't Matthew Gorse take my njoney. and run away with.it?' , ' No, no, no,' said tho old man, and fell back -upon the bed. ' He sent it back to you, with a message, Bess. I'd ha' told you. long ago, but I got more and move scared of you ; but lio told me to tell you for your sweet sake — for your sweot sake—' 'Oh, my God !' ^said, Elizabeth, and fell on her knees by the bedside. Then, Obadiah fell, into broken sobs and exclamations, and told her all. Obadiah Tiueperiny died that night, and when upon the .day of.' the funeral the will was read, the people of Plimpton Centre thought it a wickeji and unjust thing for Deacon Truepenny .to leave half his.fortune .. that scape-grace of a nephew, 'Matthew »?' Gorse,. . * ~ 1 . ^-*hie rolled on, however, and Matthew ? Aid not come to claim his inheritance. _?-- j^J^ry i»igfyt. tte, ruddy, ^low, from 'Miss ?r. Bilting:rppni,windp.ws gleamed halfway across; the road, but it- was fully three, years afterward that' it, Bhone;upon a shabby, disheveled, fierce-looking vagrant, who stooped upon the ? door-step .to. .put come of -the snow by the way-Bide upon his burning, throbbing head. His breath waa nearly spent, and the ChriBtmnB bells that rung out -from the church below made a confusion in, his brain. , His .shaking. hand raised the massive old silver, knocker, but Betty did not, unfasten the chain. - ' Obadiah Truepenny ?' Bhe Baid. 'Why, Lord o' mercy, he's dead and buried these three years !' ' Dead !' said Matthew, and dropped on the door-sill like a stone. That, word- was like a bullet 'to him. 'Deadl' he gasped Out, and ga.ve.up the struggle. He fell on his face along the porch, and there Eliza both found him. Some hours after, he opened his eyes upon the wide, pleasant old sitting-room. The Christinas firo was burning upon the hearth, casting- a ruddy glow upon the home spun ? carpet ; blazing upon the ? polished heads of .braBS, the, quaint old heads of ? handiroDB, shovel, -and .tongs, staring at ; ? each other from their separate corners, just a§'i m the old time ; flickering;. upon the solid , old mahogany sideboard, with its chubby; decanters and; tall , glasses, its big square, tray,, upon, which-, that Japanese ?woman, had been falling .'slantwise through the air all these years, and never yet spilled those impossible flowers on the ^mountain fcy.her sidg ; lighting , up the high-Btraightr, backed ohairs,- the. tall mirror, tho. dried grasses on . the Tnantelj the, geraniums still blossoming in the .warm south window; ; Seating' the. air with' a bome scent of pine, a resinous odour of, the, old woods; that .went ? straight to , tho soul of. tho ; poor : vagrant — ^ uppn;tlie,old.,phintz-covered settee*.. Once, npon a time he was in keeping w.ith, the, ? snug,, gay .appointment?, :pf'. this pleasant old room. He y^aSjSa; smart and .dapper' uuiu, niiu 1^3 , juuby lueivs, a fi u wmte Si Kill and unexceptionable garments,- as ; smirk .- and Bmart, as., they. But now ,h9 waa. broken. a.nd .bent and , worn, , shabby, un kempt, and ' miserable. ;, ' Sis boots were|j rent, and, bo. his', heart. , , Ho jvas opt ;of - | place here. - ,-... / : And ; a., i shadow there by his aide, some; drapery, upon (the floor, a ruffle of , lace fall ing upon awhito hand near by— all theBe, took his breath away, brought fjfetik, miser able tears to :his,.eyes, .shopk ,the fainting' soul within, ijim;. ; ,,Her fape-xoh, tho, old; groud, ;sweet, fape.i-^was turned, Vi little; away,-J[in4 hpivhair— oh, the pld,, ru44yji — shadow- tinted jilair ! — -had half fallen uppn: Herlshpulder; .the high nese,. the clenn out) of , the' 'nostril, the firm sweep of, the ohin, and throat-^why, she wa^the same old; Bvreet, sad, imperious Bess, the .very same, while ihe— oh, misery I — was but a ghost to trouble. jpy/ All the old. fear _of her and the old' Worship came swooping back upon, him. ' 1 1 '' i '' ' He riiado.'an effort to|.faU at her. f^et but' sank back' powerless..;; '?' '^'.Bess'l 'Bess 1'' hie |cneilj ,, in '.'.a'1 voice' cracked ; and hoUo w as a 1 broken ' ' ilrupi ' Did the' pld mail tell1 you befprejO^.'died ?.; Did'ho right me at this list ? swsiftr 'tb' you, Besn, I've been true to my wbrd'-evbr sihceA I've done my best', Bess;' poop, diner able wretohthatl am— I have'dohomy'B'erft;1 Sse here '^and ha to'ok! frdm' his breast/ a' ragged; faded bit'of ribbon— -''I'vo' Kept it; all these years ; it's all I went1 away -with/ and it'B all I've boniebabk with; ''IcOiildn't' make up the money, BesS ; luck was against me somehow; ? ' Where other -men gained, I' always lost ; and even now -I'm- 'in 'the way;' I must go,' Bess; but tell me; before I'leUve jyou, did the old man right me lit the last.?''' j Then she slipped from her chair' to the floor, and for the first time in twenty long years and more ho felt the arms of a woman about hiB neck, of all the arms in tho world, those fit his -cold, proud cousin, and teats were raining out of her eyes upon his wasted oheek. The poor trembling lips pf tho wanderer, touched by those of Elizabeth, grew faint with rapture. As for Bess, this was tho first, tho very first, lover's kiss . that had ovor been hers, and Bhe was forty years old that day. 'Ho righted you, Matthew. He was sorry. He has left you sixty thousand dollars in his will, You are as rich as I, dear. I pray of you to forgive him.' 'JTdrgive bitp^— yes, with all my heart; But take the mfinoy — no ; your money, Bess —sixty thousand dollars!' and tho poor baffled gold-seeker repeated it once again— !? Sixty, thousand dollars 1' 'With his prayer to be forgiven, dear. And the.old store is there. You shallbeits master, and mine^liatthew. Oh, say — tell , me — are you happy hi last — as happy as I ?' ' Why, Bess, if I've only thestrength to bear it.; Ii's tougher than misery, some how. . Bess, I'm a woak, miserable wretch; you know. Lot me have it out, dear and he put his head down on her breast, and sobbed all tho old wretchedness and wrath and sorrow away. 