TALE ON 'CHANGE. I will buy with you, sell with you, talk with you." -Shaksfkari. M -Quamquam ridentem dicere verum Quid vetat !"-Horag*. The Bishop has gone into the collar with a wilL He has propounded for himself certain aims which are admirable in themselves, and which mean an infinity of effort Bjr the time the new cathedral is built, and the pulpits are all filled with learned and eloquent divines, he may find a few more labours upon which to expend his strength and patience. The general impression is one highly favour* able to Dr. Moorhouse. His speeches indi cate directness, sincerity, earnestness, in" dependence, and liberality of sentiment' And theBe are just the qualifications to captivate the people amongst whom he has cast his lot They appreciate a whole, eouledand determined man-even when they don't exactly agree with him. Whilst admiring the law-abiding stratagem of the publicans to compel the practical sym pathy of their Sunday customers, I can't help thinking that their weapon is two-edged; First, the public may be driven into the arms of the grocer, who will sell on Saturday two bottles of colonial ale at Gi. apiece. Again, the public may get UBed to Sanday sobriety, and not feel the want of open bars, and it is rather an awkward fact for them that the Monday morning's drunkard-list should be a virgin sheet for the first time for many years. But for all that I think a desirable compromise would be to legalise opening for a couple of hours twice on Sundays for the ?ale of the dinner and the supper beer of the masses. My sympathy is with them rather than with the traveller, who can put his disk is bis pocket Tfae astounding consent not to sell sly-grog is hard on the police-court practitioner?. Here is a draft petition at their disposal gratuitously:-"Whereas your petitioners, attorneys regularly practising in the various police-courts, have hitherto enjoyed the profit and privilege of defending a large number of drunkards upon each Monday morning : And whereas, owing to a stringent legislative enactments, and further owing to a certain malicious 'conspiracy amongst the licensed victuallers to obey the law, there are now Hff Monday morning drunkards to defend, Jon petitioners desire to point out that their Vested interests of long standing are in jarionsly affected. Your memorialists entreat that their grievance may be taken into IftrtoaraMe consideration. They contend that ibttrvbonM not be exposed to the serious pecuniary loss entailed upon theih by an vatttoooKi They sympatMae with few an active police force deprived of its accaa totned employment; and finally, yonr memo rialists pray that pending a complete re turn to Sabbath intoxication, the licensed victuallers be given to understand that the law is, as hitherto, only made to be evaded. And your petitioners will ever pray," fee. It is said that the New South Wales Go*-; eminent will probably give the trustees ot their National Gallery fuller powers in select ing works of art. At present the trustees have to submit to the exercise of a veto by tbe Government of the day, and certain pur chases made directly by tbe Government and its agents have been unsuitable and disap pointing. If the right men are appointed, and they are entrusted with the task of selec tion (and such men have already given their gratuitous aid), there need be no distrust of the result. In the leading journal's interesting memo rial notice of Mr. Ireland's life and deathi the writer enumerates the contemporary bar, adorned by men of remarkable capacity, in cluding Messrs. Fellows, Stephen, Michie, Sewell, Sitwell, Dawson, Aspinall, Higiabo tham, and Holroyd. There arejtbree names omitted which, I think, deserve a prominent place in this list - the names of William Foster Stawell, Robert Molesworth, and J. Dennistoun Wood. And I would further include Dr. Evans, but that he gave his abilities to press and politics rather than to the practice of law. Although the late Q.C. was not in variably exact in his business transactions, he was generous to a fault During assize time at Ballarat, many years ago, at the bar dinner, the governor of the gaol sat by Mr. Ireland. The party had not been long seated when a messenger came for the former (Mr. F.) A respectable storekeeper had been brought in for incarceration for debt under an order of the then District Court. Mr. F., finding no flaw in the war rant of committal, directed the official to place the prisoner (e?hom he knew favour ably) in the debtors' ward, and to make him as comfortable as circumstances permitted. Upon returning to his place at the dinner table, Mr. Ireland inquired as to what had caused Mr. F. 'B temporary absence. Informed of the general facte, he aeked, " Is he a decent fellow?" and "How much does he owe?" To the first the reply was "yes," and the second inquiry " £2S." " Do you think if I paid for kim he would pay me the money back at £1 a week ?" " Very probably," said Mr. F. "Then," said Mr. Ireland, "here is the money. Just send one of the waiters over with a note to say the debt is paid, and let the poor fellow get home to his wife and family." And this for a man whom Mr Ireland had never Been, nor of whom he had ever previously heard ! I remember being one of three, when a gentleman, speaking of the late Mr. Ireland, deprecated somewhar, his knowledge of law. The third person was Dr. Sewell-than whom there could be no more competent authority. And he, without any reservation whatever, assigned to Mr. Ireland, in his opinion, all round capability of a kind most useful to his client, and second to no one then at the Vic i torian bar. | The London Examiner informs its readers that " Literature is not wholly neglected in Australia. Mr. A. P. Martin is about to publish a story of Melbourne life, under the title of 'A Sweet Girl Graduate.'" It is pleasant to find that there is something to interpose between Australia and utter literary destitution. It is also encouraging that the Examiner in London should have divined beforehand how our intellectual salvation was to be ac complished. And it is of all things delightful that the Blim beginnings of young authors should be thus encouragingly sought out, for the inherent modesty of Mr. Martin would doubtless have prevented his making any effort to secure the puff preliminary. A good-natured friend of mine, now occu pied in seeing the whole world, considerately sepds me a newspaper from every place he visits where a newspaper is published. As he is just now in America, I have a very pretty collection, and last mail the letter box overflowed. These newspapers are rather too full of Tilden and Hayes-of the Demo cratic or Republican ticket-to be of intense interest at a distance. In one of them I find, besides the usual marriage announce ments, an official liBt as follows " MABBIAGE INTENTIONS. " Filed in Boston, Nov. 4. " Tbomas Walsh, 2S. and Julia Noonan, 23; Bernaid Mangan, 30, and Maggie Rio?, 28," &c.; This I take to be a cunningly devised method of preventing the consequence of change of mind. After a filed "marriage intention" it would be useless to plead no engagement in an action for breach of pro mise. And again, it is a fair warning for competitors to stand off the grass. But just as when you empurple your fingers with mulberry juice the unripe berry from the same stem will efface the stain, so, close at hand is the cure for raah or incompatible marriages. Thus : "Divorces quietly procured in any state. Pay when divorced. Send for circular. American Law Agency." lam really sorry to learn that Professor Nanson thinks that I should not have pab' liehed his note. It was not marked "private,'' and it really seemed to me that the professor was playfully experimenting upon my pre sumed ignorance. Had I felt that giving publicity to bis note was unwarranted, I will aBk him to believe that I would not have so dealt with it. A reverend eye-witness says that at the dejeuner to the Bishop » young lady who had been graciously and neatly carving a turkey sought for her reward in a desired supply of ice-cream. Her plate, with spoon (which had been used for some sweetmeat), was paused on by an elderly lady, and the ice-cream was placed upon it. . But despite late legislation on tbe subject there was a sudden stoppage in transitu. The ice-cream never got past that old lady. It was too much for her vir bue - In vain the gentleman who bad helped the delicacy binti-d " I tbiak that was intended for the yourg lady beyond you," The nice old pereou, with her month full, had become suddenly deaf. Last Saturday's Sydney Punch, shows a marked improvement in illustration. The "Vanity Fair" portrait of Mr. Dalley is capital, and so is the compulsory vaccination caricature by Alfred Clint. I am sorry that I cannot appreciate as I perhaos ought to do such a sentence 88 this from Punch's Bilious Correspondent, written as from Melbourne " Melbourne Botanic-gardens are immeasur ably superior to yours. I say this grudgingly, as loving old Sydney and her institutions as heartily as I detest this veneered and semi genteel city of boasters and cads." Now, this is candid, and it is a portrait which should cause us to be becomingly meek. The spiritualists have not, as far as I know, ever claimed terrestrial visits from the ghost of Sir Boyle Roche. And yet I the spirit of that eminent utterer of amusing contradictions is pretty often about I think it must have been pretty near the elbow of Sir George Verdon when he read the following to the silkworm enthusiasts on Tuesday The first magnanerie was es tablished at the Domain, South Yarra, and subsequently the establishment was re moved to a site at Mount Alexander recom. mended by competent judges, which has proved so unsuitable for the growth of the mulberry, that, after efforts of three years duration, it has been found necessary to re linquish it." Hadn't the amiable friends of the silkworm better consult an "incom petent" authority next time ? Mr. Ireland made a journey to Woods Point Bhortly after the gold discovery there. The road was in terrible condition from recent heavy rains, and the buggy broke down. Mr Ireland took off his shoes and stocking rolli d up his trousers, and complacently trussed through the quagmires. A mi iid It class acquaintance, meetiDg him, was bor riOed to eee the brilliant ornament of the bar reduced to a condition of barefootedueas. He eympathiRinglv expressed his sorrow upon i his point. But Mr. Ireland somewhat mys tified him by easing, "Sure, we're born tliat was in my counirs .TITLES. 