Jficittfit, .-LIEUTENANT BOYLE'S DUEL. Many years ago I was spending the summer at a fine old mansion in New Jersey full of historical souvenirs, for it had once been the head-quarters of General Washing- ton. About the time of which I am writing the estate was in litigation, and some circum locutory delay of the law rendered it necessary or convenient to rent the mansion for a while as a summer boarding house, with all tho beautiful old carved furniture and other belongings. Even the valuable paintings were left on tho walls of the drawing room, and a pictare gallery remained intact, doing unwonted service as f dining and dancing hall for intruding Goths and Vandals, A belt of grand old trees described a semi circle on the lawn just in front of the house. Beneath each tree was a marble statue the size of life. They represented the nine Muses; Isia the Goddess of Immortality, Jupiter Pluvius, the deity of the watering pot, and other heathen worthies. Their sculptors were certainly neither Canova, nor Hiram Powers, ncr yet that audacious but exceedingly pretty Vinnie Ream, who has rendered herself immortal by cutting our grand martyred President. Still, seen at the proper "enchanted" distance, and bathed in soft, sweet moonlight, Oanova's "Venus " the " Greek Slave," or he who prayed for "charity for all," could not have awakened more pleasing emotions. But alas ! our joy was not forever in these things of distant enchantment and moon light beauty, The mansion had not been opeued two weeks when those small but terrible bandits in jackets and knickerbock' ers, the dear atrocious little sons and scamps of the different families, cherubs who had left their wings in heaven — those dear ''ttle boys, I say, all rushed m a body to heir respective mammas, and olamofed for money. Getting it, of course, they all rushed in a body to" the store," and, with a busi nesslike vigor worthy of a better cause, demanded bows and arrows. Thea enrolling themselves into an independent target company, they diligently practiced shooting at the statues, until the noses of the Muses, were triumphantly shot away. Naturally enough, after this performance the heathen deities were removed in a blast of indignation by their raging proprietor ; the small christians — or "little demons," as he called them — joyfully assisting, cavorting wildly around each "stone boy and girl," as their foundations were dug up, clapping their dirty little hands, blowing tlieir discordant little trumpets, beatiDg their horrible little drums, galloping in front of the horses as they went with their burdens out of the great gates, squealing like a eat with a bone in his throat, and otherwise disporting themselves in honor of the ghostly recession, after the utterly inexhaustible and intolerable manner of small boys. Thelate Com. Kearney, the bluff and brave, lived in a picturesque cottage adjoining the grounds of the " Brighton House," as it was and is now called. His presence attracted to the place other officers of the army and navy. Among them were Capt. (now Admiral) Porter, Capt, (now Vice-Admiral) Rowan, the late brave and honored Capt. Hartstein, and a num ber of army officers with their families. You" may believe that the presence of so many brave and gallant men made carnival the whole of .the time for those h.-ro worshippers, the fair women and lovely girls who were gypsying there for the summer. Such devoted knights as they were I Riding, boating, fishing, swimming, dancing; military drills with canes and broomsticks for the children, inpromptu operas and plays for the other children. AWe were all children in those halcyon days — as witness our playing at man's buff. But this was when the " little pitchers' were abed and asleep, for, , with their murdering candor and innocence, they would have betrayed us to the - entire community, whose ancestral traditions and personal dignity had developed in it already a horror of such high jinks as had come under its no ice. But— bless these high-toned susceptibilities, we would have been a bright and shining light uuto them, for we had no quarrels, not even the green ghost of a jealousy. A divine mantle of charity rested upon us the live long summer; it was just one brilliant, delicious midsummer dream. To half-a-dozen of us older women was vouchsafed the keenest enjoyment of all. This was to be permitted to sit under the wide-spreading trees with the officers, in the purple and golden glory of the sunsets, and listen to their racy, characteristic stories. We all told a white-brown fib the very first thing, vowing that we delighted in tobacco smoke, in order to put them completely at ease. It was very easy to do it, for they never stopped smoking after that. One r ight they had been telling side splitting stories about Magmder, who lisped, and "Beauty," who was also a Commodore, when Capt Rowan said: "By-the- way, Porter, what became of old Boyle? I have completely lost sight of Him n "Well, the last timo I onw Kim," answered the Captain, smoothing down the great silky brown moustache, "I was his second in a duel." As he spoke, his dark bright eyes flashed with some droll recollection, and his well-shaped lips parted in a broad smile. Certain that the strain of amusement in the mellow voice and the tell-tale face betokened a duel without a tragedy, we women clamored for the story. "I had gone," said Captain Porter, at once, "with half-a dozen other fellows, all naval offcers, to spend a week at Shrewsbury — a little half- pony town in Jersey here; and one evening as we were sitting in the bar-room of the tavern, smoking, telling anecdotes, and talking between whiles with the natives, who should come sauntering in bat old Boyle. "Any room for me?" he asked. "Why, yes; come in," we all cried ; and we were soon telling him the news — Boyle in turn relating his adventures, perhaps roman cing a little, and at last ending with " "Well anybody here worth knowing?" "Yes," I answered "there is one Jersey giant, six feet two in his stockings, and the greatest bully on record," "Ah! what's his name?" "That's the best of it. His name is George Washington Kosciusko Peter Bona parte Solomon Job Slimcum," "Phoebus! what a name!" exclaimed Boyle, bursting out laughing. "What is the gentleman's profession'" "He spends his time cultivating a bean patch, threatening the poor villagers and browbeating the women and children." "Does — does he? Well, he's the very boy for me. I wish he would come in. I'd like to have a little talk with him." "Why, my dear fellow," said I "he'd make three of you. Fact is, we all keep to the windward side of him — no use getting shot for such a landlubber." At this a lanky party with a portentous nose, who had been listening to every word, remarked, through his nose ; " Wa'al, . I s'pose you naval men think yourself thunderin' brave, but I kin tell you our Curnel could fight all on you to onst, with his right han1 tied behind him. You naval men needn't think you're goin' to 'L-epolize all the brass and bluster." "Boyle's ears pricked up at this, for, as you know, Rowan, he is a regular old sea lion, \- afraid of nothing, from a powder monkey to a Bea-serpcnt at sea, and a mouse to an elophant on shore. So he bounced round on our nasal friend, and snapped out at him, like a pugnacious bull-terrier." " What's that ? Want to try our brass and bluster I Where's your big gun? Trot him out. I'd like to see him." " Wa'al, there he is," naid the man, with a sort of snort of triumph ; and, sure enough, in swaggered the rou tid-Bhouldered , putty, faced giant. He had tufts of dry grass for beard, a large, flabby, pusillanimous esse, small, oblique eyes, and two bay colored dabs ef hair, one on each temple, known to scientific explorers of the New York Bowery as " soap locks." He was eatiDg pea nuts or pop corn as he entered ; and,, jerking a chair round, he threw himself into it with a contemptuous nod to the company, and ordered a glass of toddy hot, in a voice of thunder, Little Boyle sat quiet, watchful, observing, a curious smile curving his good- humored mouth ; while the other, half shutting his eyes, with an air of lofty disdain, slowly sipped the hot toddy. " Ob, pshaw !" sneered our nasal friend, in a whisper to Boyle, " you daren't tackle him. He'd make you look womblescroft in a jiffy." . . But Boyle, seeming not to hear this imper tinence, tur. ed to us saying, with a lazy air, " I'm going to see if there is any grit in him ;" ana, approaching the chair upsn which Col- George Washington Kosciusko, etc., reclined, he perched himself on the edge of a table near, and said, pleasantly, "Good evening, sir." " Who are you, sir?" returned the other, with a viperish look out of his slant eye«. " lam gentleman, and my name is JuBius Brutus Boyle." " And my namo is George Washington Kosciusko Peter Bonaparte Solomon Jab Slimcum, and you'd better mind what you're about," " I will, thank you. I understand that you are pretty considerable of a fellow.' " Sir, you air a ruthcr free an' easy sort of cuss ; ruther to® forrard." " Yes, oh, yes, I might be as stiff as the North Polo, or as distant as two-mile stones ; but then, you know, the other is my way." "Wa'al, sir, I don't like yotfr way." " No ? how queer I Well, I won't be dis obliging, and I give you permission to lump it then." "Sir, you air — you air sassy. You'd better curb them propensitudes of yourn." " Just so. You have a propensitude, I understand, to consider yourself a great man !" " Sir, you air imperdent — " ""Take care, sir 1" shouted Boyle, "I won't stand any insult." " Sho ! What'il you do?", ;/ " Do ? I'll fight you ; I'll blow you to the other end of nowhere." " Ho I ho I Kin yon fight ?" sneered the giant, now on his feet, rocking back and forth, his gaunt bony hands opening and shutting as if they were in contact with an electric battery., " Ha 1 ho 1 you d better be careful, you had. I kin cut a cent in half; I kin," " Ha 1 ho I" laughed Boyle, imitating the bully.- ; I'm sufferin terrible to see you doit. I'druther have a shot than a sugar plum from such a fire-eater as you." '' Wa'al sir, I've got a material tack for- firearms ; I kin fight with any thin' from a cambric needle to a 42- pounder ;" and he thumped the table, upsetting the glassess and glared down on Boyle, sure that he had " fustrated him, I bet, and no mistake nuther,", as. our nasal friend, observed under his breath. ' But he lost his bet, for," boid as Mars or Baron Munchausen, Boyle immediately, ex claimed " Jingo 1 you don't say I I thought you had about as much: real e outage . as one could put in a homcepathic pill. Gdnae out now, my fine cqck-of-the-walk, and give us a touch of your quality ?" " Wa'al ? Lawful' sakes ?" ejaculated the Colonel; " you can't fight at night I What a byastical idea/' ' " Oh Yes, "you can. Nonsense U'll manage it. We'll take two lanterns, and stand back to back/ then each walk away 'twenty paces, wheel round, and fire." " " Darned if I do ! Ain't a- goin' to be ding- donged into stan'in up like a consumed fool in a dark night. You jess wait till to- morrer." " Or the fifty-third week of this year.. No sir," thundered Bsyle, etaraping his foot which, like Mother Carey's chickens, was the sure pre cursor of a storm, " no, sir ! You shall figh t now. I should never have taken the slightest notice of you if I had not been told of your cowardly bullying of women and little children. Don't stand mooning there ! In one minute a: ore I shall box your large ears, and then flap you over the head with this horsewhip and he seized one standing in the corner. The .world did not. appear to go upon double jomteu casters just then with George Washington Kosciusko, and the rest. His little angry eyes went blinking around the room, he teetered up and down on his heels and toes, he moistened his "dry lips with his tongue, and his hands Worked morn nprvnucly ever, as he detected a look of scornful, half- surprised derision on the faces of some of the Jereeymen. But a glance at his challenger's determined visage sho wed him that there was no deliverance tobehopedfor, andhe shuffled out of the room, fol' owed by Boyle and the rest of us, who did not mean to lose sight of him. We obtained two old muskets, and well- knowing that our man would take sure aim and fire, whatever the other did, we loaded them only with powder, communicating this little ruse to no one, for Boyle would have fought us all in turn if he had discovered it. Out we went into the dark and lonely road. In solemn silence we placed the com batants baok to back, George Washington, etc.,, heaving ponderous, frightened 6igns enough to have driven a sloop from its moorings. We gave them each a lighted lantern and with emphatic one, two, three ! they started on their twenty paces. We all counted, and at the twentieth loudly called, " stop I" Boyle wheeled round, as we could just discern by the dim light of his lantern, but George Washington Kosciusko Petc-r Bonaparte Solomon Job Slimcum kept on walking. - " Halloo I" cried Boyle, " haven't you got twenty paces yet?" No answer ; but the walking, as we . could see by the swinging of the lantern, had turned into prodigious strides, The next moment the light was extinguished. " Halloo !" shouted Boyle again. " Stop, you villain — stop! Yah 1 whirroT You scoundrel 1 you miserable landlub— " Bang went his gun, and we all made a simultaneous rush down the road ; but, " like a Bnowflake in the river," George Washington, etc,, had " evanished" ; and from that day to this he was never more seen in Shews- bury. The story was tol d amid shouts and screams of laughter from the officers and us women, and if that fire-eater, little Boyle, ever sees the account of his duel here, I know that he and Admiral Porter will forgive me for telling it again. 