;!! f'THE PHANTO»rLIGHT. •••vijjjr.i if.: i-t^: • i. • BUT TBUB ni rtciii Lv;uiiii GlioBT SlOliy.-;! : i'1 It'was:aboiit;il o'clock nt night, '"o iNellio'nn& I'Verd' sitting bj' the bow-win &ow; <3p"Wr. 'drti wing-room, wli ich she .had ' tlirowu widB'dpbni'v' Tiio diij' had boon most 'o^presaiMly..Kot)l;bnt^ribw a faint breeze was ..co'uung^m.ftWf most refroshingly '10at °* 1'1U "diiyl *'"" " .A *fh; i. , It^w^Rfquitq-dnrk—that soft, Velroty dark iiiu'SB tluvt'buloiiga only to a perfectly 1110011 ;lBss(!-8tar]es3;ni<;ht.:.. : . » Just down below our window lay tho yard 'or :two ofgardenV>theh tho long, straight line of thb'promon'ade, with its asphalto walk and drivedimly ;d'oliitbd;'byii-shadowy row of '.'white' posts,omiire6t"od''by 'ornamental chains. Boy,ond "tlta'eiiib^^ the wide, de solate, wasto bf .sandsl^strotchitig away 'for .mileslaiid.'milos onloilher. Hand., ' ! .. Thp;tido,was (fJirTit» vsp-' far ..tHnfc, only. a .sort of pale-gray, glcaiiron the horizon showed whore, tho -sea fwivs 'just 'beginning to, crcop , tiver. tho-shoals mnd'aand-ba'nksof: the So'uth '^ort'eoastv- Seven niiiesiawjiy t6 tho 'right, acrbfls'thb'OBtilary-of' tho Kibbloji'the steady 4lgh"£rfrom vigii ayt 'wartch ^idyh'^S^r'tliLo'diiiigerbiiB^Uorse' Bank,, that',, trearh'crim^^ on jWUicn'niany.a^gdoO^ doom 'ofrshiprppkj^^i^e^th^J',,",/ *" '• ; „« ^piHe.Ayaaioaning.out'.ottlip window,'' lie'r elbo.iypn thoisillirhar eyes fixedon the misty, Boft.darknoss-Outside., •, It.was as' dark inside as out; wo'had no thought of lighting tho gas , .that'long slimmer evoning. "How still it is!" she said dreamily. '"'What'iy spell'of'solemn silence tho night lays'oii ovorthihgT" if: {to'5 cbiitrAdict her words a faint ..soiinijl' like' a1 tarfoffvoice seemed suddenly to ,risa fro.in^th^.s^ii^s bolow, aud swept by with ,fi, prolonged, mournful cry. s iii Wiat is,that I", alio askod, startled, ■i; " Some ;ono palling down on tho Bands,'' 1 ■ Baii^.Y-" The'-intense stillness carries the sound a great distance at night." Iiheard such a legend this morning," sho 1 went on! presently, " connected with thoso great deserts of sand that stretch over to wardsiLytham. Old Joe, the boatman, Bays they' are;haunted by a phantom voice." ■;lf Hdwthrilling!" "Iremarked,skeptically. ; What'.does it say i" i.'/Doii't scoff, Jean," said Nellie, a little Texedly; '' It is a most pathotic, dreaful degend.v Years ago, before tliero was a town Here at,all, people used to cross tho sands be -"tween horo and Lythani on horsebnek. One 'storihyiiovoniiig a traveller had crossed as usual and had almost reached tho shoro, irKon' suddenly a bright light appeared, hovered, for. a moment over a spot a yard or two away, and then vanished. At the same moment a piteous, unearthly cry echocd all around. Tho horso became wild with terror, and broke loose, throwing his rider to tho ground. When ho recovered himself he found, lying on tho ground at his fact, the body of a beautiful young girl. She was quite doad with a ghastly wound in her side, from which the blood had flown all over her white' dress. "Tho traveller staggered away to tho nearest house, got assistance, and had the girl's body laid in an upper room. '"That .night an awful storm arose. A ship was wrecked on the Horso Bank, and only ouo man, the captain, saved. Ho was taken to the same house where tho traveller •had already found sheltor, and by some mis take, was put into tho room whero tho murdered girl was lying. At the sight of her he gave an appalling shriek, and fell down senseless. When he revived ho was ques tioned, and confessed that the beautiful youn>* girl was his wife, whom in a moment o"f rago and jealously he had slabbed to the he irt aud cast into the sea. And tho sea had given up the dead, and the waves had cast him on the shore, and the murder ami his victim were face to face. And now they say tho voice of the murdered girl haunts the place whore sho was found. It scorns io rise from the sands and goes echoing and wailing along, calling, calling, as if in mortal agony. The. old boatman .savs people have followed it beli cving some one was in peril, and have been hired on and on, till tho tido has over taken them, and thoy wore drowned." " What a horrible tale!" I said with a shudder. " 1 wish you had not told it to me." " And he says," went on Nellie, unheed ing my remark, " that whoever hears the voice is in risk of great peril or danger, or some kind of sorrow or trouble is about to happen to him." Nellie's voice had unconsciously taken a tone of awe. The still, sombre darkness, the midnight hour, and the weired melancholly legend had infected us Loth with an unde tined sensation of oppression and fear, a pre sentiment of dread and evil. ! We kept our places by the window, looking i out into the deep velvety darkness, with the 'faraway solitary light from the light-house gleaming like a red spark. ' Suddenly, while we s;i!, the sound of a voice rose up again from tlu< lonely sands, a moaning, piteous voice v.-ailiiig and implor ;ing as ii in unutterable distress. It seemed to mingle with tiie boom of the distant sea, .Ucnv rising, now falling, a lonely, desolate w:iil, Ihiiiliui: through the darkness like a soul in mortal agony. 1 r. was dying away in t,h,' distance, in a h-iv faint sol) when Nellie suddrnlv sprain: back into tile room. "Oli/,!,-'an, lock sho cried. " Look, the ■plie.ntonilightr . ! iean.'d far out of tho window and u'azed J'11- al 'i'.L' tiie ;-i-.tini'U:id". Flashing through * srrat star was a [•..'.v..:;, ironi tin* ri-iit. apparently lioat nig ill tin: air, and ;]i,miniating tiie space i>e f.ire it for several yard.-. Il "advanced vrv s-.n.'rlv. '.'.ith a s;-::;iy. for.varu motion tloat ;:ig along abo::! a yard from "!n; "round. Af. ■it eame nearer wc perceived, looming dimly eeiiilid it, a giant shadow, weird .-i;id -_;i 'i'l-'-j with outMj.read win«s end mUi.y/undo rinod form,'u!ide a rdiarp rustling, whirring sound accompanied its urngre;s. Ah tho phantom approachod, tho desolate moaning who again from the sands, and swopt .Jung in liny, shuddering cries, dying away s ul and piteous as beforo. With the last faint sound tho light loaped up for one-second into intense brilliancy and disappeared. " O)i.'"ci'iod Nellie, fearfully. " What ia it., Jeani" " 1 don't know," I ropliod, afooling of tin TcconntaUlo droad and horror taking hold of mo. 'l'lio vory demon of fear auemed to Poshubs my aenaea, an icy grasp of terror laid hold of my heart. The air outsido seemed to liavo bocomc .suddenly clammy and cold, a chilly wind crept.in. at the window. The vory darkness seemed filled with shapes, hideous and im palpable,' at which I dared not look, lent they should take form before my oyos. "Thoro it is again!" shuddered Nellie, "i And With unutterable dread we Baw the ■brilliant'atar-like light again floating towards I Ys's1, th'i.^ timo from tho right hand. ' It.carno on swiftly, with tho impalpable ,T intaalio shadow in the air above, and when exactly opposite vanished. i We #at paralyzed with terror, not daring to .move, n horrible benumbing terror, seizing mir hearts. This phonomonon happenod sevoral times, tho light alternatively appearing from the right and left, and alway vanishing when exactly opposite tous.andalway accompanied by the moaning «oico Again tho low wailing sounds from tho sands, profoundly melancholy, inexpressibly mournful, liko nothing akin to humanity. No words wero uttered, but tho agony of the tones was liko r voico from tho grafre. • i". Jean, Jean, here it iB again !" cried iVellio, cowering in my arms. And onco moro tho brilliant phantom light appeared. This time it came on more slowly, glancing to' and fro unsteadily, while the nhadowy form behiud it soomod moro grotes ,'j'uo and'misty than over. . - Oil, joati^ if it is true ! It cornea to foretell .Bomo loss, some trouble!" sobbed Nellie, in tears, . ■ \v'" . Ji.if Husii. j.husb, dear 1". I tried to' -say Iroassuringly., • V It cannot bo. Sorrow, may como.cto'! us if ; God > - wills.; it,, but not through—" ■ : : . : ' l' Bay; old follow," shouted a voice down below^'in ' the'darkness. / : "You'll frighten i nbinobody into 'fits' with that lantern dodge of 'yoiirs.'' "You and your confounded bicycle look'like somo horrible ghostly spoctro, Hit ting along in the dark. You gave mo a procious start, I can tell you." Nellie and I jumped to our feofc, mid gazed incredulously out of the window. Down beloiv in tho road, a yard or two to the right, tho phantom light stood stationary at last. In theglaro boforo it a young fellow was standing, whilo behind loomed tho fantantistic, mysterious shadow, robbed of all its terrors in a moment. " Isn't it a atiiiininjj dodgo ?" said tho shadow in moat unghostly slnng. " You sou, •Jack, this asphalt's first rat.o to prActiee on, but ft follow has 110 clmnco in the day-time for those confounded carriages; ao I rigged out Uiis dark lantern ntid fastened it to my bicycle, and 1 can spin along in poaco now." " Take euro you don't spin away tho wits of all the old maids on tho promenade," re turned the other. " You look most horribly like soino goblin from tho lower regions, with your dark-lantern flushing in front, tlioso noiseless wheels and yoilf lolig lugs and arms sproad out like grout wings bohind." Tho other laughed. " The old maids are nil fast asloop long ago, bless tlioir old oyes," he returned irre verently. " But I say, Jack, tho match for tho four osri will liavo tobo putoff to-morrow; wo are going to liaro an awful storm. Listen! How thp wind sighs and moans among the girders of tho pier ! It sounds for ail tho world liko somo ono calling out in distress, and it's a snro sign of rough weather. What a rago Gregory will bo in if—" • The two old maids had heard quite enough. Nollia and I looked at each othor ratlior /sheepishly, it must bo confessed, and than ^ burst into a hearty laugh. 