TOWN TALK. We • understand that within the last few] days the Chief Secretary has received over- ■ turea from the agent in Melbourne of the firm of Messrs Green & Co., ship owners, of London, with the view to renewed negotia tions for a mail service via the Cape. Tele- , graphic communication with London is takii place, which, if satisfactory, will probably lead to some definite proposal being sub mitted to Parliament by the Government. /The unauthorised expenditure of the late Ministry did not begin and end with the railway surveys. Extensive orders for rails were transmitted to the Agent- General, and in due course complied with ; but Sir James M'Culloch omitted to obtain the sanction of Parliament for the liquidation of the liability, the consequence being that Mr Michie is placed" in a position of considerable embar rassment, and the credit of the colony alone saved by liberal advances on the part of the banks in London. . The Chief Secretary has had under careful attention the report of the Board'appointed to examine into the state and management of the Kew Lunatic Asylnm. This has been left as a remaiiet by the late Ministry, but the serious nature of the report compels, early atteution and thorough curative mea sures for the due protection of the helpless inmates. < All persons desiring to interview the Com missioner of Customs, for the , future, must call upon him* between 10 a. m. and l.p.m. on Wednesdays only. Intending deputations arc informed that they will not be received unless they forward timely notice of 'their desire to obtain an interview.' j The Liberal electors of Sandridge,i,it! is. said, intend to present Mr William Ganhson with a gold watch and chain and', a purse of sovereigns, as an expression of their sym pathy; with him in his recent defeat, j Extra sitting accommodation' for members is being provided in the legislative Assem bly-hall, : It is intended, also, to affix a small card case'to the bsck of each seat, in i which.Hoii. members can place their visiting cards and thus indicate the seats they intend to occupy. . - . i _. !• ; The, .financial difficulties of Aid. luglis have-not yet' been settled. An offer was made last week by Mr John Davison, on Mr Inglis' behalf, to pay his debts by instal ments out of the salary he will obtain by his new appointment as Inspector of Public houses, &c.; All of the creditors, with the exception of Messrs Roebuck and Vines, have signified their intention of accepting tho offer, those gentlemen being still de sirous of forcing the embarrassed alderman into tho Insolvent Court. Notwithstanding the many cautions trades men and others have received against accept ing cheques from strangers, the practice con tinues with the usual result. A young man, well dressed, has been "putting11 away a i number of useless cheques during the week j in payment for goods ordered, and on each occasion the cheque has been drawn for a larger sum than the price charged for the goods. Many unsuspecting tradesmen and publicans have been foolish enough to take the cheques and to give the balance in cash, and have only become aware of their mistake on the return of the cheques marked " ho account." The barque Sydney Griffiths (Capt. Knar ston) arrived on Saturday from Newcastle, with 490 tons of coal. The vessel sailed from the port named on the 20 th ult. Right moderate winds and weather were expe rienced until the Queen's Birthday, when a gale from the westward set in, accompanied ■ by a heavy confused sea, and it lasted till the 1st inst. During the continuance of the gale the barque labored heavily, and shipped a number of seas, but no damage was done. From the 1st inst. up to arrival at the Heads light favorable winds ensued. The barque passed Wilson's Promontory at noon on Thursday last, entered the Heads on the following evening, and was towed np from Point Henry by the steam-tug Albatross, arriving at tho Yarra-street Wharf at eight o'clock on Saturday morning. A water-carter named Wm. Kemp was driving down Murray-street, Colac, on Thursday afternoon, and had just crossed the bridge when something startled his horse, and it broke into a rapid canter. Kemp endeavored to jump from the cart, but fell, and one of tho wheels passed over him, severely bruising his thighs and lacera ting the «ido hf 1,;„ faco. Had the barrel been filled with water at the time, one, at least, of his legs would, ho doubt, have been fractured. 'A young man from the country," with more money than sense, was carefully re lieved : of a £10-note on Friday last. He came into Geelong on the morning of that day, having with him the money referred to, with which he was to obtain goods to rcplc-'' nish his empty larder. He fell in the way of temptation, however, and before the day was gone he was being well shepherded by a woman of easy virtue. The result was that, at one of the hotels ho visited in her com pauy he changed the note. Of course," when he became sober ho found his money gone. It was not until Saturday morning that he communicated with the police ; consequently, all hope of finding tho missing property was at an end. Senior-constable O'Heare with tho slight clue given him—the man being unable to give the woman's name, and only imperfectly describing her—made eveiy en quiry, but was unable to sheet the robbery home to anyone, although a woman, who was arrested on Saturday on a charge of drunken ness, is suspected. " ' - In the metropolitan Supreme Court" on Friday, the Borough of Geelong West was sued by the Treasurer of tho town of G»e long for a sum of £1046, due to the latter corporation. The Local Government Act, passed in 1S74, which enabled the'Governor in-Council to constitute the borough, pro vided that the liabilities between, the two bodies might be apportioned by the Gover nor-in- Councih In January last an order-in council wa3 gazetted fixing the liability of the borough to the town at £1023, on which interest to the extent of £23 has since ac crued. Counsel appeared in court to defend the action, but no defence was offered, and a verdict was returned for the amount claimed. Travellers from Melbourne to the Western District complain that the hour and a quarter, which elapses between, the arrival of,the Mel bourne train at Geelong and tho departure of the train for Birregurra,- would be more profitably spent on the road, as time is to them a matter of business. The Minister of .Railways may take the hint, ' " , George Warr, charged with stealing arti ■cles from the drapery establishment 'of Messrs W. W. Excell and Co., in whose employment he had been as porter, was dis charged on the case being heard at the Police Court, "on Saturday morning. Mr Excell's evidence was taken, and, at its conclusion, Superintendent Furuell withdrew the charge, the witness being unable to swear that the articles found in the prisoner's possession wore not sold out of his shop. Mr Excell stated that Warr had been six or seven years in his employ, and he was quite agreeable that the case should be withdrawn by the police. Warr was thereupon set at liberty. Very rough weather was fallen in with by the barque Tasso, Captain Irving, on the voyage from Newcastle, which port was left on the 19th ult.. The barque got past Cape Howe twice, and each time was driven off 1 wofold Bay by a fierce westerly gale. On the 26th ult., the gale continuing with un abated fury, the Tasso ran into TwofoIdBay, and remained there for five days. The Tasso arrived at Port Phillip Heads on Tuesday last, but in consequence of a strong northerly wind blowing, she was compelled to stop there until Friday, when she beat up to Point nenry, and on Saturday morning was taken in tow by the tug-boat Albatross, arriving at the Yarra-street Wharf before noon. The cargo of the barque consists of 375 tons of coal. Tho new Speaker is about to initiate a new and pleasing feature in connection with Parliamentary hospitalities. It is his inten tion to give regular Saturday evening din ners, at tho Victoria Club, to which all hon. members will be invited. In an over anxiety to complete his musj . cular development by playing football, a boy, 1 named Micliael Carrick, severely sprained his wrist on Saturday afternoon. He at tended at the Hospital hi order to obtain relief. Dr. Hearn has petitioned against the re turn of Mr Robert Macgregor for Fitzroy, on the ground that at the time of election he was a minister of religion within the mean ing of the 11th section of the Constitution Act. •• Some of - the firemen who visited Geelong on the occasion of the recent demonstra tion—noticeably the members of the Ballarat Brigade—complained of the hotel accommo dation here. It is gratifying to hear from other firementhat they were treated well by hotelkeepers^, Mrs A. Simmonds, of the Phcenix Hotel, has received a letter from Mr W. R. Axford, Secretary of the Ballarat City Brigade, conveying the thanks of the members for the kindness and attention shown them at tho hotel named during their slay, at the same time stating that they were in everyway pleased, and satisfied with the accommodation placed at their disposal. f§We understand that the wife of Mr J. M. Anderson, draper, of Moorabool-street, has come into the possession of a considerable sum of money, left to her by a relation in England. Mr Anderson intends going home by the mail steamer on Tuesday. ' A shocking accident, resnlting in the death of a lad named William Parkinson, occurred in Camperdown on Wednesday last. - He was engaged carting gravel, and was driving down Manifold-street, when he drew his horse aside to allow a bullock dray, which was coming up behind at the time, to pass,-and it is supposed'that when coming into the middle of the road again, the horse must have swerved rather sharply, and knocked over the .deceased, and then took fright. - The result was, that the wheel'of the dray passed; clean over the unfortunate boy's chest... Strange to relate, though the dray at the time was heavily loaded with gravel, the lad was not killed instanta neously. The witnesses _of the occurrence I state that he got on his feet and commenced | screaming, and then fell back unconscious, and died while being conveyed home on a | stretcher. The discussion at the Town Council meet- I ing, on Tuesday evening last, with reference to the opening of the conservatories in the Eastern Park' on Sundays, has not had the effect wished for by the public. Yesterday the doors were locked as usual. Thirteen acres of land at the Breakwater, on I which are erected a stone dwelling and a large shed, were submitted to the hammer by Mr Frederick Page on Saturday. The highest bid for the land, which has a frontage to the river, was £280, and at that figure it was There was a very large congregation at St. Paul's Church last evening, on the occasion | of an address on the subject of Confirmation, by the Rev. R. Short. The text was taken from Acts, 8th chap, and 17th verse— " Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost." Mr Short dealt with his subject in a very able manner, pointing out that the rite of Confirmation now was similar to that administered by the Apostles, the Bishop, as the ambassador of God, placing his hands on the confirmees. The rev. gentleman urged upon those about to be confirmed to carefully study the obli gations they were imposing on themselves. A drunken sailor named Joseph M'Gregor, a young man, caused great alarm in the vicinity of Bellerine-street on Sunday morn ing. Because he had been refused admit tance to a house there, he put his right hand through one of the windows and the broken glass lacerated his arm just above the wrist. Sergeant Gorman arrested M'Gregor, and I had his work to do, assisted by several | civilians, in getting the prisoner to the lock up. When there the extent of the cut was manifested; blood flowed freely from the wound, and M'Gregor objected to having his arm bandaged up. The struggle inside the lock-up was a severe one, and the whole "place" was .besmeared with blood. Ulti mately the prisoner was overpowered, and the wound bandaged. During the forenoon of yesterday, several | showers of rain fell, and the weather after wards cleared up ; but, towards evening, rain again threatened. Shortly after eleven o'clock, last night, heavy showers began to fall, and continued for some time. Mr Levien, M.L.A., is to be banquetted at the Buck's Head Hotel, Drysdale, on Tuesday evenihg, the 19th instant. Covers are to be removed at 6.30. The price of the tickets is fixed at 5s. A meeting of the Chilwell Football Club will be held to-night, the 11th inst., at 8 j p.m., at the Gold Diggers' Arms Hotel, Chilwell. The Treasurer of the Geelong Female Re fuge desires to acknowledge with thanks a donation of £1 from Mrs Robins, per Mrs A. Crook. The entertainment entitled "Thiodon's j Wonders " was repeated on Saturday even ing at the Mechanics' Institute. The at tendance was limited, but those present | fully appreciated the excellent programme placed before them, as their repeated plaudits amply testified. As on the previous evening, the first part consisted of a series of pano ramic views of the principal buildings and thoroughfares in New York and other large American cities, together with some excellent | representations of the Niagara Falls on the American and Canadian sides. ' A number of cleverly-worked mechanical figures, repre senting men, women, vehicles, and animals of different kinds, passed and repassed before the panorama, giving to many of the scenes depicted an air of reality that greatly en hanced the pleasure of the audience. Mr I Thiodon, junr., sang a number of comic songs - in good style, and was warmly re ceived. The second portion consisted of a representation entitled "Tho Sphinx." A human head is produced apparently from a box, and between it and Mr Thiodon, senr., an interesting and amusing conversation en sued. It is .a very good deception, the head j becoming quite animated, and the only wonder is, where the-body to which it •evidently 'belongs is stowed. The auto imaton rope-vaulter is well worked, and goes through its work with all the agility of a practised acrobat. Mr Thiodon will exhibit his "Wonders" every evening this week with the exception of Wednesday, when the Hall will be otherwise engaged. Those who can relish an instructive and amusing enter tainment' should not omit visiting tho Mechanics' this week. .. The Footscray police deserve credit for | the arrest of a young man named George E. Gibson alias Sydney Glitsteen, who has been identified as the person who succeeded in passing a valueless cheque to Mrs Sim-, monds, of the Phmnix Hotel, Moorabool street. Senior-Constable Fowler, of Foots cray, noticed the strong resemblance of Gib son to tho description given of the Geelong offender, and he at once got in conversation with him, the result of which led to his arrest. Gibson, who will have to answer to several charges of larceny committed in the metropolis, was brought before Mr Newell, J.P., at Footscray on Saturday morning, and remanded to Geelong. The prisoner arrived here on Saturday night. Whilst in Foots- J cray, Gibson stopped at tho Station Hotel, where it was found that a bag belonging to | hiin contained a suit of clothes, etc., which, if worn by him, would completely disguise ] his appearance. The prisoner was detained | for several hours by Fowler, who had sent a telegram on Friday evening for a person to ] arrive from Geelong to identify him, and this person only arrived in Melbourne a few I minutes before the departure of the train by which the prisoner intended leaving for Castlemaiue. Wo have received the fourth issue of The Teacher, a journal published in the interests of the scholastic "profession. It contains a variety of interesting information in connec tion with school-teaching. A confirmation service will be held in Christ Church, at three o'clock this after noon. The rite of confirmation will bo add ministered by the Bishop of Melbourne to candidates from Christ Church, St. Paul's, All Saints, and St. Mark's (Kensington). Eatepayers will bear in mind that if they desire their names to appear on the rolls they must pay their rates to-day; As an instance of the manner in which the small ■ holdings are being swallowed up by the proprietors of the large estates, w e{Colac Herald) may mention that Mr Wilson Martin has parted with his farm, at the Tea Tree Springs, to Mr James Eobertson, of Messrs Robertson Brothers, at £30 per acre. The farm is thirty acres in extent, and the im provements upon it consist of a small house and a number of fruit trees. Some time ago the Messrs Eobertson - purchased a twenty acre block of land, close by the allotment in question, at £20 per acre, but this was of inferior quality, and had scarcely any im provements on it. We (Telegraph) have been shown a pri vate letter from Jerilderie, New South Wales, which gives a deplorable account of the condition of the country there. The writer says .:r—" One station here has lost 90,000 sheep from want of food—not water —and we ran horses in yesterday that were nothing but skin and bone, though on the best pasturage in the district. . This part of the country is in a - desperate condition for want of feed, but we hope to have it in a fortnight, when the new grass springs suffi ciently high." ' ' Considerable dissatisfaction (says the Colac Hera Id)' has for a long time been ex pressed that an important centre of popula tion like Colac should {be left without a resi dent Police- Magistrate, It is not doubted that the honorary justices perform their duties to the best of their ability, but it is very certain that at times they take a .very wrong view of cases which are brought he fore them, and give decisions which would never emanate from gentlemen who had studied the law and who had gained experi ence in adjudicating. It is strange that Colac should only have the services of a Police-Magistrate one day in the month, while at Belfast and TVarrnambool, the Police-Magistrate sits twice in each week, and Koroit, a township of less than half the population of Colac, is visited hy the Police Magistrate every Wednesday. WV under stand that it is on the tapis to petition the Minister of Justice to appoint a resident Police-Magistrate of Colac, and we believe an excellent case can be made out in favor of the application. Squatters. in New South Wales appear to have suffered terribly by the inclemency of the weather. The Booligal correspondent of the S. M. Herald writes:—"A short time hack a flock of sheep, 29,000 in num ber, started from a station on the Murrum bidgee; when they arrived in Booligal no less than 20,000 had dropped on the road. I hear that they passed through Hillston, fifty miles from here, with only 5000. As they" had thence a long distance to travel home, I fear the number delivered will scarcely pay for droving. The sheop cost 4s 6d, and the dead ones sold at an average of ninepence each." The Albury correspondent of the same paper says:—" Up the Murray, the unusnal severity of the winter is beginning to make the earth look miserable, oven where no scarcity of feed is experienced; and the sheep which have not yet got out of the mountains are meeting with very hard times. Ont of a mob of 18,000, coming down a few days since from the Bogongo, 3000 were snowed in helplessly and died; and the trail of the remainder, on their way to a station in the Lachlan district, is now marked with heaps of dead carcases at every mile of the route.. In fact, scr great is the number of dead sheep left on the road that proceedings have been instituted by the Inspector of Stock, at the instance of the owner of one of the runs traversed, against the drover for neglecting to dispose of the bodies in' some way to pre vent their becoming a nuisance." The Herald states that the success of the Theatre Boyal Proprietary. Company has in duced several proprietors of central city pro perty to seriously consider the advisability of turning their blocks to account by the erection of theatre property. We are j now in a position to state that, within the last week or two, arrangements have ' been arrived at by which Melbourne will be provided with further accommodation for amusement purposes of a .first- class l character. Prequenters of the .Prince of Wales Opera House have, ever since its con struction, complained of the unsnitable nature of the building, and it has come to be admitted that it is not by any means such a home as, the opera deserves in a city like Melbourne. Sometime ago Mr G. TV. Petty purchased a large block- of pro perty adjoining and running through from Bourke-street to Little Collins-street, the price paid being £32,000. On its Little Collins-street frontage this property included the Hunt Club Hotel and Garten's livery stables.. Lately Mr Petty and other gentle men have had under consideration a pro posal to include the Prince of Wales Opera House block with this block, and to build on the two—utilising so much of the pre sent theatre building as may be found use ful—a grand block of buildings, to include a splendid opera house, designed on the Continental principle. At last it has been definitely decided to carry out this plan, bnt the details have not as yet been decided upon. It is understood, however, that the new block will include a concert hall of a superior character, it having been found that this is a great want in Melbourne, there being no place for first-class con certs between the Town Hall, which is too large, and the Athenseum, which is too smalL Other halls may also be in cluded in the plan, but all that can be said at present is that the intention is to erect a handsome block of buildings, contain ing a magnificent opera honse, and an elegant concert room, capable of seating about 2000 persons!" At present, the only dilBculty in the way of an immediate commencement being made is in the fact that Mr Garton holds a lease for his stables, which has still two years and a half to run, bnt negotiations aro on foot for the purchase cf this, and will, in all probability, be arranged shortly. The Museum of Berlin is mourning for the loss of Jan van Eyck's most celebrated pic ture, just stolen by some thief unknown. Thc'masterpiece of the inventor of painting in oil is a small work, 12 inches high by broad, on wood, representing the Virgin crowned, with the infant Jesus, in a Gothic church, and bears the signature "Jan Van Eyck, Brugge." Most of his works, as is well known, are at Bruges, Ghent, Antwerp, Munich, and Berlin. An exquisite specimen is beside the high altar of the Cathedral Church of St. Gudule, at Brussels; the Louvre possesses two, the " Virgin crowned by an Angel," and the "Marriage Feast at Cana." The Museum of Berlin offers a reward of 300 marks for the recovery of its stolen treasure. * extraordinary effect of Fellows' Com rou.\D Sibcp ok Hitopiiosphites is due to it power of imparting the vital principle to al constitutions impaired by wasting or debilitat ingmaladies It is acceptable to the palate and suitable for all ages and all constitutions J he blood is restored to purity and health Muscles'are strengthened retaided °UB °F C011suinl>t'v0 deposit i Philadelphia Exhibition-. — One of th< most important awards at this Exhibitioi is undoubtedly the one to Messrs J. and P Goats, of Paisley. In the heart ;>! the cotton producing country of the world, this enter prising Scotch firm were the only manufac turers who received an award for superioi strength and excellent quality of spool cotton —Mormng Poet. 