THE WEEK'S NEWS, i WRECK OFF WEsraitN AUSTRALIA.-The fol lowing is a copy of a telegram vrliicli has been received from Messrs. L. A. Manning & Co., Fremantle,' and. dated Albany, May 111 " Barque Hadda, 316 tons, from Lacepede Islands, and bound for Fremantle, TV.A, lias been wrecked on the eastern group of Abrolhos, off Champion Bay, on April 30. All hands saved." The telegram was posted at Albauy, and brought by H.M.S. Nymphe. ARRIVAL OF A WAR STEAMKR.-H.M. steamer ISTymphe, nine guns, commanded by Captain Alexander P. Hastings, arrived in the Bay on Friday, Slay 18, and is now moored in the Port stream. The steamer has been on a five months' cruise, having visited the Aucklard Islands, Fremantle, the Lacepede Islands, Beagle Bay, Cape Leuwin, and thence here, iteaders are referred to our shipping columns for particulars of the vessel and an account of the cruise. A large number of visitors have boarded the Nyinphe. Ms. MENUS AND THE COUNCIL OF EDUCATION. -In another column we publish a full report of a discussion which took place at the meeting of the Council of Education on Monday, May 21, in reference to the dismissal of Mr. Minns, the late Head Master of the Run die-street School. Sir. Barloiv, who introduced the matter, said he desired to correct a misapprehension which ap peared to exist in tlie minds of a portion of the public to the effect that the appointment of Mr. Broadbent to the position of assistant at the Bundle-street School was in any sense made by the President of the Council. He said Mr. Hartley merely recommended the appointment, and the responsibility of making it rested equally among the members of the Council. Mr Barlo w justified the President's recommendation, and read, letters from Mr. Minns himself, and froqi Mr. Moore, of the Pultenev-street School, speaking in Ligh terms of Mr. Broadbent's ability and tact as a teacher, and recommending him for appointment to a school at Kangarilla. These letters were written eighteen months ago. Since that time Sir. Broadbent had been in the Training School, and the Principal having given a tolerably good report of him oil all but one point, it was felt by most < f the members of the Council that he ought to have a fair trial given him. Several members in speaking on the subject said they took Mr. Minus's silence on the point to imply that his assistant was getting on well; and the first intimation to the contrary was J when the complaint had been made th*t Mr. Minns had not paid over the fees due to Mr. Broadbent. All the members of the Council took part in the discussion, and each one. with a single exception, confirmed Mr. Barlow's statement that the responsibility of the appointment of Mr. Broadbent rested with them conjointly, and not with the President as their executive head. In commenting on an anonymous letter which appeared in the Register, mid in which the writer started that Mr. . l irtley, as President of the Council, was arbi -. r iry, and that he screened his acts u vder the Council's decisions, Mr. Barlow said he knew of no one in the public service who acted more fearlessly and straightforwardly as an admini strator than the President oi the Council. One of the members suggested thst a vote of confi dence should be proposed, but Mr. Hartley said that was not at all necessary. All he desired was that the true facts of the case should be marie public. It was mentioned that the ques tion of proceeding against Mr. Minns on a charge of falsifying the numbers on the roll at the Rundle-street School was under consi deration. THE ACTING-GOVERNOR'S SUITE.-Mr. John Lancelot Stirling, B.A., LL.B., has been appointed Private Secretary to His Excellency the Acting-Governor, and Captain Haggard will fill the office of Provincial Aide-de-Camp. The new Private Secretary is a son of the late Hon. Edward Stirling, who was well known as a member of the firm of Elder, Stirling, & Co., and as a member of the Legislative Council. Mr. Lancelot Stirling is a native of South Australia, and received his early education at St. Peter's College. He afterwards graduated at Cambridge, and was admitted to the ad eundem degree of Bachelor of Laws at the recent commencement of the Adelaide University, ARTILLERY PRACTICE.-The members of the artillery corps lately raised by Lieut.-Colonel Mathews met under his command at the Mounted Police Barracks on Saturday afternoon, May 19. They practised for some time with three of the nine-pounder howitzers, and went through the drill very creditably. The unusual sight attracted a large number of spectators. NORTH ADELAIDE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. -We learn that the Iiev. Osric Copland has accepted the call to the pastorate of this Church, rendered vacant by the resignation of the Rev, J. Jefferis, LL.B. Mr. Copland war formerly pastor of a Congregational Chureh in Man chester, and after that he had a charge at "Woolahra, near Sydney; but for the last few years he has been laid aside from the ministry on account of throat disease. He is now, how ever, able to resume work, and after a short stay in Melbourne he will return to North Adelaide and enter upon the duties of his new pastorate. THE TEMPERANCE LEAGUE. - The annual service iu connection, with this League was conducted in the Temperance Hall, North Ade laide, on Sunday, May 20, by the Rev. S. Knight. The preacher took for his text the ISth, 19th, and 20th verses of the 5th chapter of the Epistle of Paul to the Ephesians. Mr. Knight spoke at some length upon the use of intoxicating liquors by man, of. the effect they had upon him morally and physically, and also of the remedies to be persevered in for breaking the habit. REV. E. DAT.-This rev. gentleman preached at the North Adelaide Congregational Church both morning and evening on Sunday, May 20, to large gatherings. He is pastor of the Con gregational Church at Castlemaine, in Victoria, and will occupy the North Adelaide pulpit till the arrival of the permanent pastor. Mr, Day is in the prime of life, possesses a strong and well-regulated voice, and although a close reader, is yet an effective public speaker. He evidently does not belong to any of the advanced schools of theology. THE CHURCH OFFICE.-The Standard states that Mr. H. S. Anthony lias been appointed successor to the late Mr. Frederic "Wicksteed in the various offices held by him in connection with the Church of England. THE OVERFLOW OF THE SIUET.-The Glenelg Corporation held a special meeting on Friday evening, May 18, to consider the suggestion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands with reference to annexing a portion of the District of Sturt east of Glenelg to that township, in order that the Council might obtain the £1,000 which had been placed on the Estimates for the purpose of preventing the overflow of the Sturt. There were present the Mayor (Mr. W. R. Wigley), Councillors Stacy, Castle, Cornish, Grundy, Carver, and Oliver. His Worship ex plained the position of the matter, and stated that the principal owner of the land in question, the Hon. T. Elder, was agreeable that it should be included within the limits of the Corpora tion provided he had not to pay them any higher rates than he now paid to the District Council. Some discussion took place as to the land which should be taken in, but before arriving at a conclusion it was resolved that as th< Commissioner of Crown Lands had informed the deputation which waited on him with regard to the subject that he would lay their request - that the £1,000 should be handed over to them without the necessity of its being supplemented -before his colleagues, the Town Clerk should write to him to ascertain the decision of the Government. At this point Mr. W. F. Stock, a ratepayer, received permission to lay on the table a plan for the division of New Glenelg into two wards, the new ward taking the land along the sea wall from the Pier Hotel south wards. The suggestion, however, did not meet with the approval of the Council, and so as to be more in accordance with their wishes Mr. Stock agreed to communicate with the rate payers in New Glenelg Ward, in order to ascer tain their views with regard to cutting the new ward from east to west. The formal discussion of the project was postponed till a future meeting. ALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT.-We understand that a deficiency to the amount of about £200 has been discovered within the last few days in the accounts of James James, a clerk employed in the offices of the Council of i Education. TLe Council have held a special meeting to enquire into the matter and decide what action shall be taken, but the result of their deliberations has not been made public. " GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY." -The proclama tion announcing the assumption of office by His Excellency "the Officer Administering the Govern ment, and the appointments of His Excellency's Private Secretary and the Provincial Aide-de Camp, were published by Gazette Extraordinary on May 18. CRICKET DINNER.-The' annual dinner of the members of the 1JJLY.M.S.C.0. took place at the Imperial Hotel on Friday evening, May 18. Forty members and friends sat down to an ex cellent repast. The chair was occupied by the Commissioner of Public "Works. (the Hon. J. Colton, M.P.), who also holds the .position ofj President of the Club. Councillor J. F. Conigrave, one of the Vice-Presidents, officiated 1 as Vice-Chairman. Mr. R. Allen briefly pro posed the toast of "The Parliament," Mr. Colton, in responding, said the members of both Houses were disinterested in their desire to pro mote the prosperity of the colony. Though the I members of the North Adelaide Club were met that eveningasa cricketing association nearly all of them enjoyed the privilege of the franchise. (Hear, hear.) They therefore had an individual interest in politics. He trusted that with the increased educational facilities now being afforded, the rising young men of the colony would be fully prepared to exercise that fran chise in a manner even more satisfactorily than had been done in the past. (Hear, hear.) He had been thirty-seven years in the colony, and the longer he lived in it the more he was convinced that it had a grand future before it. He believed that with the Anglo-Saxon energy put forth South Australia would be made one of the first colonies in Aus tralasia. (Applause.) In proposing sue cess to the N.A.Y.M.S.C.C., the Chairman referred in feeling terms to the great loss the 1 Club had sustained by the death of its late President, Mr. C. Balk, whose active sympathy with its members had largely contributed to the present high position of the Club. (Applause) He was glad to see that the first eleven had won sis matches oat of the eleven played and had only loss four, aud that the second eleven had done even berter than their seniors, having won nine out of the twelve contests in which they had engaged. The Chairman urged the members to practice often, to be enthusiastic in their play, and to strive to win success for them selves and for the Club. (Applause). Mr. S. G. Phillips, the captain of the team, responded in an effective speech. He tanked the Presi dent for his excellent advice, and hoped that the members would act upon it and work strenuously for the future advancement of the Club. Mr. T. \Y". Harris next humorously proposed 44 The President and other officers," for each of whom he had a word of high commendation. The Chairman, the Vice-Chairman, Mr. R. Allen (Sectetary), Mr. Minchin (Treasurer), Mr. W. G. P. Joyner, and Mr. C. S. Leader severally responded to this comprehensive toast. Then followed what is generally regarded as the most interesting part of such meetings, namely, the presentation ot prizes earned during the season. The Chairman handed to Mr. A. Pettiuger a handsome gold locket, as a prize for the best batting average. He had played in 11 innings, and his average was 11"2 runs per innings. Mr. Colton, having complimented so young a player as Sir. Pettinger on his excellent attainments, handed a silver cup, as a bowling prize, to Sir. 1{. Barnes, who had during the season obtained 43 wickets at an average cost of 4~39. Both prizes were the gifts of the President, and bore suitable inscriptions. The Vice-Chairman then-on beh-ilf of M>-. R. Searle, one of the Vice-Presidents, now in England-presented a picnic basket to Mr. Botten, the top scorer among the second eleven men, and a dressing-case to Mr. Ash meade, who had the best bowling analysis. He had obtained 19 wickets at an average cost of 3*6 runs. Mr. Botten played iu eight, innings, and obtaiu'^d an average of 9'2 runs. Mr. "\V. H. Martin, captain of the second eleven, next made a presentation on behalf of the members of his team, who were so delighted with the skill and success of Mr. Mayfield as a bowler that they had subscribed for a bat to be given to him on that occasion. Mr. Mayfield had really done most service for the second eleven in the bow ling, he having obtained more wickets than all the other bowlers taken together. Jsfo less than 60 wickets had fallen to his credit, at an average cost of 4"5S runs. After the presen tation of prizes, Mr. J. H. Finlayson proposed the health of " The Prizetakers." The recipients of the trophies made suitable replies, and then Mr. E. G. Phillips gave the toast of " The S. A. Cricketing Association." He said he did so very heartily, as the present success of cricket in the colony was no doubt largely due to the Association, and especially the Managing Com mittee. Three special cheers were given for Mr. F. R. Burton, the Secretary, who responded in an able speech, in the course of which he complained of the treatment to which the Com mittee had been subjected by some anonymous writers in the newspapers. He referred to the important matches played during the season, which had been the most successful yet held iu South Australia; and he concluded by men tioning the probability of oueor two intercolonial matches being arranged by next season. To Mr. C. S. Leader was relegated the duty of proposiug the toast of " The Press." He performed his task very gracefully, and referred to the stimulus which the newspapers of this colony gave to cricket, and to the impartiality and complete ness of their reports. He coupled with the toast the names of Mr. C. Proud, of the Reyi.iter, and Mr. W. J. Ponder, of the Advertiser, who had attended most of the Cup matches during the season for their respective journals. After this toast had been responded to the healths of the Chairman and Vice-Chairman were honoured, and the proceedings closed. They had been thoroughly enjoyable throughout, and had been enlivened by some excellent songs rendered by Messrs. A. Colton, C. S. .Leader, E. A. Mayfield, F. Johnson, and R. Alleu. THE SAILORS' HOME.-The Committee of Management of the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home incorporated, met on Friday, ISth inst., there being seven members present. A letter was read from AV. Irvine, of Bath, England, stating that a cause in Chancery was to be tried in March last involving the funds out of which the late H. G-. Harrington's £400 was to be paid. The Hon. Secretary reported tliat the resignation of the Governor had prevented his making the formal application for His Esceliency:s patronage which had been resolved upon at the last meet ing. Sir "W. W. Cairns had, however, sent a donation, and had made the following entry in the Visitors' Book:-" Let me appeal to the South Australian public to do everything they can for the success of this institu tion." The Superintendent's report for April shewed that 49 men had been admitted; 37 had left, and the number in the Home on April 30 was 29. Several accounts were passed for payment, including balance of Mr. Burge's con tract, £452 8s. 4d., for fitting the upper floor with dormitories, this sum meantime going to swell theoverdiaft on the Bank of Adelaide. The latest report of the Melbourne Sailors' Home, received that day, was laid on the table. From this report it appeared that the annual pay ments by inmates for board amount in the aggregate to nearly three times the Adelaide total, and that the Management were enabled to shew a profit on the transactions for 18T6 of £26 Is. lid. UNIVERSITY LECTUEE.-Professor Tate de livered the eighth of his series of lectures on the "Ancient Physical Geography of South Australia" in connection with the University at the Institute on Monday evening, May 21. There was a large attendance. Drs. Gosseand Whittell occupied seats on the platform. The Professor commenced by describing the beds in the quarry at the rear of Government House, and gave proofs of their stratigraphical position. Inferior to the drifts, their fossils were specifically dif ferent from living shells, and therefore could not be appealed to as evidence of elevation of the land during recent periods. In conformity with the method of classification of tertiary rocks proposed by Sir Charles Lyell these beds belong to the Australian miocene period, as they contain more than 75 per cent, of extinct species of shells. The Adelaide rocks, he then went on to say, are remnants or outliers of-separated by subsequent denudation from-the main mass occupying the southern part of Yorke's Penin sula. These beds abutted against and feathered in aud out among the Adelaide hills up to eleva tions of about 300 feet. Of the portions re maining on the east side of the Gulf the most noticeable, which were described in detail, are at Gawler, at Adelaide, the sea cliffs from Noarlunga to the south side of Aldinga Bay, and in the valley of the Bullinga River. In many places along this route beaches are recog nisable, and certain ferruginous sandstones aud gravels, which are anterior to them and coter minous with them, which are regarded as river and ^ lake ^ accumulations. To these the gold- : bearing drifts of the Barossa and Humbug Scrub fields seem to belong,. To the same age belong j the rocks of the Murray basin and the white | chalky limestones of the South-East, with their flint layers and pots tones so strongly reminding one of the fair and stately chalk cliffs of England. By reference to a map, on which the area occupjcti by miocene strata was coloured blue to represent sea, it was forcibly shown that South Australia during miocene times was an archipelago, and that its land surface was not one-third of what it now is. At the conclusion of his lecture Mr. Tate announced that a geo logical excursion would be made to Gawler to day (Saturday), leaving town by the train start ing at 10.50 a.m. CATHEDRAL OF ST PETEE.-On and after Sunday next full choral service will be held every Sunday afternoon in this cathedral. All the sittings will be free. PORT PIEIE.-The weather at Port Pirie. for the past week has been very seasonable, but somewhat showery and uncertain for occupation or amusement out of doors. The state of things out on the Areas is highly satisfactory, and promises well for an Exceptionally good season. During a severe squall ion Friday nig\it,May 18,, a recently-built , and occupied dwelling was ?unroofed and one of the chimneys blown down, to the discomfort and alarm of the inmates, the matter being aggravated by , the heavy rain which accompanied the wind. The large wheat stack of Messrs. Morgan, Connor, & Glyde was also partly stripped at the same time. MB . TAIXEiatAN AND THE VlCTOBIAN A.GEKT GENBRAL.-It has been stated (says the Argus) that the action threatened by Mr. Daniel Taller man against the Agent- General, Mr. Michie, for an alleged libel contained in a despatch to the Victorian Government, exposing certain prac tices in connection with the sale of Texan meat as Australian preserved meat, would be tried in London immediately. "We are informed that the Government have received no comniuniea- j tiou to this effect, and that the latest communi- j cation upon this subject indicated that, there ! was little likelihood of the action, which was j merely a piece of bravado, being proceeded with THE WRECK AT THE CHATHAM ISLANDS - The ship Ocean Mail, which was telegraphed as ' having been lost 011 Maxell 19 on one of the j Chatham Islands, about 350 miles from New J Zealand, was a fine iron vessel of 1,039 tons, owned by 3. Patton, jun., & Co., of London- ! She left Wellington for London on the 16th ; March last, having then been detained ten days at the port of Wellington by contrary winds. Her cargo, valued at about £78,000, consisted principally of wool, of which she had 4,904 ! bales on board. The cargo was insured in offices :i"t, New Zealand, but a great part of it was re insured in other offices in Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, the amount so re insured being estimated at about £50,000. The vessel itself was probably insured at home by the owners. She only carried three passengers from Wellington, who, as well as the crew, were saved from the wreck. GOODWOOD PAEK NEW TOWSSHIP.-We under stand that a pieae of land in this new township, situated two miles to the south of Adelaide and adjoining the Glenelg line of railway, has been secured for tha erection thereon of a Sabbath schoolroom and place of worship. The erection' of the building will upeedily take place. THE INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAPH.-The fre quent interruptions which occur in the tele graph line between Melbourne and Mouut Gambier render it necessary that a more inland route should be chosen for the direct com munication to Adelaide, where the atmospheric influences incidental to a coast line would not be felt. If the telegraph from Swan Hill was extended to the junction of the Darling and the Murray at the South Australian Border, much of the present difficulty and inconvenience would be obviated, and at the same time a direct route to Adelaide would be provided via Went worth Frequently of late, owing to the inter ruptions, cable and other messages from Adelaide have been received through Sydney. THE EASTERN EXTENSION COMPACT'S CABLE. -The following notice was posted outside the Telegraph Office on Monday, Slay 2L:-" The cable recently laid between Rangoon and Penang by the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company will be open for traffic on the 27th iustant. Tlic Indian Government have fixed a uniform transit rate through India of 7id. per word instead of 5s. per 10 words hitherto charged on messages via Madras. The charge for messages for countries west of India will therefore be raised 2d. j>er word on and after ^Ttli instant. Thus the cost cf a message to London will be 10s. Sd. per word instead of 10s. fid. as at present. The rates to places in India, if sent via Madras, will be-West of Chittagong 7s. lid. per word, i eastof ChittagongSs.gd. per word; via Rangoon, west of Chittagong 8s. 2d. per word, east of Chittagong 7s. lid. per word. MAIL SERVICE BETWEEN POET PIRIE AND ADELAIDE.-Our correspondent at Port Pirie writes as follows:-" For some time past it has appeared somewhat anomalous that mails hence to Adelaide go through in a day, while mails from the city to Port Pirie leave one day and only arrive here late in the afternoon of the day after. But it is usually taken for _ granted that all possible and reasonable expedition is used in the conveyance of mails between important centres of population, and probably most people satisfied themselves with a vague belief that the up mails from town were longer on the wa.", owing to some unavoidable exigency of j the method of transmission. But so far from i this, it appears that daily mails reath j Gladstone the same day as they leave Adelaide, j and that the Port Pirie mails could quite as , well be dispatched by this route and brought on to the Port by the train, arriving here at 8.30 a.m.. thus giving us our daily papers fully seven hours earlier than at present, and leaving busi ness people a muchlonger time in which to prepare and send away their replies. Why this should not be done-why Port Pirieans should be kept seven hours longer than is reasonable _ or necessary out of their papers and letters is a question utterly unsolvable by common sense, and equally inscrutable by the light of either economy or expediency. Not forgetting the fact that by the present arrangements letters for here may be posted a few hours later tlisn if they left Adelaide by the earlier j mail, the more pertinent fact remains that at all times, and especially in such stirring I times as these, great interest is felt in the j news issued by the daily Press, and the conve- 1 nience of the general public in such a matter does j certainly deserve better things than sucli a blundering arrangement as exists now. As if, j however, in anticipation of a request for earlier j mails, it is proposed to cease running the early train from Gladstone on and after June 1, and from that date to run only one train per day starting from Gladstone shortly after noon and from Port Pirie at 5.45 a.m.: and as ibis would greatly augment the difficulty of arranging for an improved time-table for the mails, and would, moreover, be a considerable inconvenience to the public, it may very likely be done. Perhaps it is too much to expect that a rearrangement of our mails will be conceded to anything else but vigorous and persistent pressure: but we can at all events follow the example of Mr. Clennam and 'want to know you know' why it isn't | done." TRAMWAY TO MITCHATJ--A meeting of persons ! favourable to the construction of a tramway from Adelaide through Unley to Mitchamwas held in the Mitcham Institute on Monday evening, May 21, and opinions were expressed that steam- power was preferable to horse-trac tion. The scheme met with hearty support, and in addition to the shares already secured about 350 were taken up at the meeting. A v OLD GEOGRAPHY.-We have been shown by Mr. P. E. Hoare an old book called "A Gtnerall Description'of the World," published by P. Kairius in 1646. In the preface the author argues the immovability of the world from the words in the 104th Psalm, " He set it upon the foundations so that it shall never move." The " new and accurat map of the world, drawne according to ye truest descrip tions of latest discoveries," is of great interest, as showing the advance made in geographical discovery in the last 200 years. The map of Australia, or New Guinea as it is called, is distinctly hazy, but the coast-line of an immense territory, "Terra Australis Magal lanica," is given, which reaches as far north as where New Zealand is now popularly supposed to be. The computation of the circumference of the earth, " which none ever yet hath paced,3 is 21,600 miles, over 3,000 miles less than it is known to be ki the present day. There are also in this book a number of these curious ideas which make it very interesting. Mr Hoare may be congratulated on a valuable addition to his already large collection of anti quities. ADELAIDE CITY MISSION.-A meeting of the Adelaide City Mission was held in the Presby terian Vestry, Flinders-street, on Thursday evening, May 17. There were present The Revs. J. Lyall, M. J. Birks, Messrs. A. Adamson, David Murray, M.P., David Bobin, J. M. Dowie, J. Brown, M. Goode, and \- Berry. Mr. Steel requested to be liberated from the position of Treasurer to the Mission ; his letter was received, but his resignation was not accepted, A letter from the Deacons of Stow Church was read referring to future annual subscriptions. The special business of the meeting was to consider the steps to be taken in view of the fact that the old Theatre had been sold, and that the Mission would have to obtain another building by the end of Sep tember next. An offer was accepted with thanks from Mr. J. Darling. M.P., to give £500 i towards a suitable building in the north-west of the city on condition that the Committee would obtain the ground. Plans and prices of several plots were submitted, and the meeting was ad journed for a few days to allow time to make further enquiries about a suitable piece of land. ANOTHER T.TWHT.- ACTION.-We are informed that Mr. W. V. Smith, as solicitor for Messrs. Cullen & Wigley, has written to Mr. Thonias King, M.P., one of the proprietors of the Adver tiser, and the gentleman in whose name is pub lished, requesting to be furnished with the; nfTna <,f the writer of the article referring to the case of St. George v. Rurnett and others, which, appeared in that paper on Friday, May 18,. Messrs. Cullen & Wigle/ express their inten tion to proceed criminally against the writer of the article in question. . . j SITE OF THE CITY OF ADELAIDE.-In another | column we publish a communication from Sir George Kingston, giving , some interesting particulars as to early: explorations in South Australia, and as to the choice of Adelaide as the site for the capital of South Australia. The - Speaker of the Assembly is one of the ve^y few ? pioneers now in the colony who are able ? to speak from, personal knowledge of those primitive stages in the history of the colony. THB ELECTION FOE THE DISTBICT OF VICTORIA. ? in the report of the examination of the ballot 1 boxes at the late election in the South-East the i i Border Watch states "that it was understood^ Tarpeena, where eleven votes had been recorded, had gome to a man for Ingleby. The first paper examined was for Glyde; and excitement amongst the scrutineers became intense, because it was clear Glyde must win, or if the whole of j the remaining ten were for Ingleby there i must be a tie. Every one of the succeeding votes was for Ingleby. One of the last , examined passed the Returning Officer as correct, and was just about to he filed when the : last scrutineer, one of Glyde's, discovered that a faint figure 2, as well as a cross, had been marked in the square opposite Ingleby's name. It was rejected as informal; Glyde had thus a majority of one: and th« Returning Officer was spared the unenviable task of electing a repre sentative of Victoria. When the result was made known Mr. Glyde's friends sent up a loud cheer and there was considerable excitement for some time afterwards." DEPASTURE OF TM*TT. STEAMER.-Our Glenelg Reporter informs us that the steam tender Fairy took the mails and gold boxes off to the mail1 steamer at 6.50 on Friday morning, May 18, the Eleanor taking the passengers. The Tanjore left at 9.40 a.m., the Eleanor being unable to transfer the cargo which it was intended to "have sent by the steamer. TEMPEBANCE CATTSE ANNIVEESABY.-A some what small public meeting in connection with the 37th anniversary of the temperance cause in South Australia was held at the Town Hall Exchange Room on Friday evening, May IS, Mr. J. Pickering, M.P., President of the South Australian Temperance Society, presiding, when addresses were delivered by the Very Rev. Dean Russell, the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, and other gentlemen interested in the movement. THE LATE ME. B. TODD.-The funeral of Sir. Benjamin Todd, a well-known resident in Port Adelaide, who died early last week, took place on "Wednesday, 16th, and was largely attended. There were about a hundred members of th« Free masons' Lodge of Unity, S.O., several membeis of the I.O.O.F., Victoria Lodge, and a number of well-known citizens of the Port. The flags of many of the ships and at various hotels were hoisted half-mast out of respect to deceased, who had secured many friends in the Port. The remains of deceaced were interred in the Alberton Cemetery. Mr. Todd leaves a widow and three children. NEW SBOTLDEB-BEACH.-We have been shown by the inventor, Mr. Frank Lozouie, a simple and apparently effective brace or suspender, which can be adapted for the use of men women, or children. The patentee terms his invention the " shoulder-brace and chest expander." The article is likely to answer the purpose for which it is designed. Those of the male persuasion will readily appreciate an appliance which answers the same purpose and yet does away with the dragging feeling ex perienced when wearing the common brace.. ACCIDENT.-A navvy named Austin Kilmartin was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Friday, May 18. with four of his toes broken. He was assisting some men to cant over a heavy piece of iron at the Railway Bridge near the Gaol, when one end of the mass slipped out of their hands, and falling on his foot caused the injuries mentioned. ACCIDENTS AT THE Br ERA.-On Monday last, May 14 (says the local paper), a man named William Ryan, employed at the Burra Mines, had his right forearm severely crushed by the wheel of a truck passing over it. The injury was attended to by Dr. Cave, and although Ryan is still in a very bad state, there are grounds for hoping that the arm will be saved. 4iiother accident occurred at Oartarpoo on Wednesday, May 16, to a child ot Mr. Wise. The child, who is about two years and a half old, got its left hand and arm in the cogwheel of a machine, and sustained severe wounds, which are being attended to by Dr. Cave. DEATH FROM AN OVERDOSE OF CHXOKODTNE ; The City Coroner conducted an enquiry at the Adelaide Hospital on Friday afternoon into the circumstances which led to the death of Mr, Alfred Nichols, who died in that institution on the previous day. From the evidence adduced it appeared that the deceased, who was in the habit of taking small doses of ehlorodyne occa sionally in order to induce sleep, took an over dose of that medicine on Wednesday night. The effect of the dose was to render him com pletely insensible, from which condition he never recovered, but died on the following Thursday morning. There was no evidence to shew that the overdose was taken purposely; in fact from the statements of the various wit nesses who were examined at the inquest it appeared that it was taken accidentally. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental poisoning. PATENTS.-The following patents have been enrolled in the General Registry Office (deeds branch) under Act 18 of 1859 during the week ended May 15:-Letters of registration have been |gianted to Linley Hurst Lumb, of Ade- j laide, coppersmith, plumber and galvatiized-iron j worker, for a " Safety Boiling Apparatus or Addition to Brewers' Wort Boilers, Soap and Tallow Boilers, Cordial and Sugar Boilers, aaad all kinds of Coil and other Boilers." Letters of registration have been granted to James Lorimer, of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, the agent of John Merrin Courtenay, of Cornwall, on the Hudson, County of Orange and State of New York, United States of America, for an "Auto matic Signal Buoy." Letters of registration have been granted to William Whitfield Horner, of Manchester, in England, aerated water manu facturer, for " Improvements in the Stopping of Bottles." Provisional registration under "The Provisional Registration of Patents Act of 1S75" has been granted to George Wyatt and Georee Fry for " Combined Scoop and Dobbin for taking Earth from Tanks, Dams, and other Earth works." THE REV. W. P. WELLS.-We quote the fol lowing from the Methodist Journal:-"The President of the Conference has received formal intimation from the Rev. W. P. Wells, to the effect that, for family reasons, lie must avail himself of his right of removal to Vic toria at the ensuing Conference. Mr. Wells has thus plainly intimated his intention in order that there may be no hindrance to any timely action, public or private, which may be deemed wise or necessary in reference to his exchange, for some suitable supply from Victoria; and we must acknowledge the foresight and con I sideration which has induced this action, as pc-rhaps a good deal of the difficulty in the way of exchanging may be removed by early negotiation." THE POLICE AT GAWLER.-The Bunyip says: « are the police doing ?' ar« questions that have 1 been asked hourly from one end of the town to the other during the early part of the week. The recent case of highway robbery, and probable murder, committed last Saturday evening, has given rise to the enquiry, and as no information was forthcoming and the local police were seen going about the same as usual-four of them being in the Court-House on the following Monday morning - great dissatisfaction has been expressed at their apparent apathy, and this feeling has been intensified as day by day reports of the critical state in which Baker was lying were freely circulated among the many anxious enquirers. We abstain from saying anything more on the subject at present, but consider that in justice both to the citizens (who are taxed for the support of the police) and to the police themselves a strict enquiry should be made as to what steps were taken and what promptitude (if any) displayed in en deavouring to ascertain who were the perpetra tors of the outrage. If such an enquiry is held, it might also with advantage take a wider range, and include the action or inaction of the police at the fire a few months since, when Mr. Daw son's mill was burnt." GAXTAXEZBD IHON . WORKERS.-A meeting of galvanize^. iron, zinc^and tinplate workers was held at tie "Noting Queen Lin,' Freeman-street, on Monday evening, May 21.: There was 3, large attendanceofthetraile, and !Mr, W. Frost pre sidecL" After 'some 'discussion it was resolved that tliej'Spbiejy^shpuid be called the South Australian; Galvanized' Iron, Zinc, and Tinplate Workers1 Society! The following officers were appointedPresident, Mr. Joseph Shipley; Vice-President, Mr. A. Dunk; Secretary, Mr. H. D. Edward's^ Treasurer, Mr. W."Frost. Messrs.C, Daniels, J.A: Sweeney, B. Ddnsdale," -R. Bishop,'W. Brown, J. Julze, and Dorah were tfisb 'elected Committeemen. "The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman.. THE PROPOSED RIDLEY' SCHOLARSHIP.-In reference to the proposal which has been made to found a scholarship in recognition >bf. Mr. Ridley's serviceis to.the colony in connection! . witlithe reaping-machine, Mr. ©. W. Hawkey has handed us a letter received from Mr. J. W. \- Bull j accompanied by a detailed statement, in tvhichthat gentleman submits the evidences of his being the original inventor of 'the machine i which has proved such a benefit to South Aug- , tralia. As we have already, published full par- ! ticulars of Mr. Bull's claim, it is unnecessary . that we should do so again, and doubtless his .purpose will be served by our simply calling attention to the matter. - POET ADELAIDE -AND LEFEVEB'S PENTSSULA FERRY COUP ANT.-A meeting of shareholders in this Company was held in the office "of the Secretary, Mr. C, D. Aston, Central-Chambers, Port Adelaide, on Friday, May 18, Mr. J. M. Sinclair. M.P.. presiding. "There was a good at tendance, and the memorandum and articles of association were read and agreed to. The fol lowing officers, &.C., were elected:-Directors Messrs. J. M.. Sinclair, M.P., H. Simpson, J7P., W. Christie, R. Honey, and J. Walker ; Bankers -Bank of Adelaide; Solicitor-Mr. J. Wallace; and Secretary-Mr. Chas. D. Aston. The work of erecting the landing stages is being proceeded with, and it is expected that in a short time the Company will have the ferry ready for the public accommodation. SIR W". W. CAIRXS.-Air. J. Hood, of Glenelg, has turned out an excellent photograph of our late Governor, Sir W. W. Cairns, who in a note to the artist expressed his entire satisfaction with the portrait, and ordered several copies. H.M.S. XYMPHE. - The Acting-Governor, accompanied by the Private Secretary, the Aide-de-Camp, and some ladies, paid a visit to H.M.S. Nymphe on Monday, May 21. A special train took the party to the Poet, whence they proceeded to the ship by two of her boats. A large number of spectators from the wharf witnessed the usual honours being given to His Excellency, but it was not deemed prudent to fire a salute of guns, lest the accompanying shock might prove injurious to the buildings at the Port. Having inspected the ship, the Acting-Governor, after a stay of over two hours, left the Port for Adelaide at a quarter-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon. There were but few visitors to the vessel during the day. PARLIAMENTARY.-We. understand that the Hon. R. C. Baker, M. A, and the Hon. H. Kent Hughes will respectively move and second the adoption of the address to the Governor's speech in the Legislative Council. Mr. David Murray and Mr. Keville Blyth will undertake similar duties in the Assembly. COJIPCLSOEY EDUCATION.-From a minute re ferred to at the meeting of the Education Council on Monday, May 21, it appears that the Council had suggested to the Government thr propriety of making North Adelaide a separate school district and of there enforcing the com pulsory clauses: of the Education Act. The Government decline to take any such step until more school accommodation has been provided. THE STREET TRAFFIC.-The traffic in the heart of the city has become so great that the police authorities have stationed a constable at the junction of King William, Hindley, and Bundle streets to prevent too rapid driving round corners. A man has also been specially told off for duty in Rundle-street to prevent obstruction at the corners, and to see that passengers are not annoyed by larrikins who congregate there. JSOBTH ADELAIDE PRESBYTERIAN CHCRCH. O11 Sunday, May 20, the Rev. A Milne Jarvie announced that he is about to sever his connec tion with the Presbyterian Church recently established at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. GLEN . OSMOND VOLUNTEERS.-On Saturday last, the 19th instant, the nucleus, numbering 24 men, of the proposed Glen Osmond and Mitcham Infantry Company, met, by the kind permission of the Hon. Thos. Elder, at Birks gate for the purpose of drill. Mr. Percy Dennison, a gentleman who has recently arrived from England, acted as drill instructor. At the close of practice a meeting was held when i - was decided to have drill every evening during the current week. ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S CATHEDRAL.-A corre spondent sends us the following:-"On Sunday night this cathedral'was crowded, and a mission was solemnly opened. The object of the mission- which is equivalent to a revival amongst Protestants-is by special sermons and prayers to prepare Catholics to worthily receive the sacraments, and to enable them to partici pate in the spritual treasures which the Church lavishes on the faithful at such times. Father Preadergast, one of the most popular Catholic preachers in Adelaide, delivered the. first of the discourses, and took his text from the epistle of the day, which related to the wonderful effects the descent of the Holy Ghost had on the followers of Jesus. The sermon was remarkable for its impassioned eloquence and deep impressiveness." RECEPTION OF MR. DAVE>TOET.-The joint Committee of the Exhibition Commission, the Agricultural Society, and the Chamber of Manu factures have decided that the banquet to Mr. Davenport, the representative of the colony [at the Philadelphia Exhibition, shall take place on June 8 if that day is convenient to Mr. Daven port. It is intended to ask the Acting-Governor to preside. On the same date there will be an exhibition-open to the public free of charge of all the labour-saving implements obtained by Mr. Davenport in America and Canada. Persons who have machinery from those countries aee desired to forward it in order that the usefulness and attractiveness of the Exhi bition may be increased. THE POET TEMPORARY BRIDGE.-It is high time some attention was paid to the temporary bridge over the Port River, as it is in a ^by no means safe condition, groaning as it does under the heavy traffic passing over it from early dawn till late at night. At the Glanville "end there is a large hole which if not filled op will be the means of causing a serious accident. The road way of the bridge, is inches deep in mud con- ] cealing numerous holes, to the great discom- 1 fiture of the passengers; and the whole structure being only wide enough for one vehicle at a time, except at the recess near the centre, the coaches to and from the trains are oft n de layed by having to wait for some slow-moving j loaded dray to cross over. The road from the ] Semaphore is about on a par with the bridge, and requires as much looking after. SAVED FROM STARVATION.-The Sydney Morn- '? ipg Herald of May 15 says:-A few days ago intelligence was received from Captain Steven, < of the Morning Star, that his vessel was totally wrecked in the vicinity of Port Stephens. The | captain and the crew saved themselves from drowning, and succeeded in reaching Cabbage tree Island, the north-easternmost of the three islets off the entrance to Port Stephens. But here another fate seemed to await them, for their provisions had been lost, and starvation stared them in the face. In this terrible predica ment Captain Steven carefully searched the island, with the object of discovering, if possible, some edible plant that could sustain life until help was forthcoming. After rejecting one thing sifter another as unfit for food he at length found a plant bearing pods resembling broad beans, containing numerous seeds ha vine the appearance of large peas. These were eaten by the men, who found them palatable, and for about nine days they lived on no other food. Cap tain Steven brought pods of this plant to Sydney, but it is much to be regretted that he did not also bring flowers or leaves, as in the absence of these the specific nature of the plant cannot positively be known, but it is supposed to be Canavalia obtusifolia. So interesting a its plant should be more widely known, for existence on Cabbagetree Island undoubtedly saved the captain and his crew from perishing. A knowledge of this vegetable may not only save other shipwrecked crews from starvation, but may also become a valuable article of food in our gardens." BILLIARDS EXTRAORDINARY. - Mr. Herbert Roberts gave his farewell exhibition of fingea and thumb billiards on May 8, at the Cafe de Paris, Sydney, when he succeeded in putting together the largest break ever made in Aus tralia, viz., 630 in a trifle under 20 minutes. The break was made by a succession of losing hazards, which are Mx..Herbert Roberts's strong point, as the spot stroke is with his brother. MB. W. Cobj^; Ttp particulars of the history of this gentleriun,'; who is about to begin & series of evangelistic services in the city, have been forwarded to -us by the Eev. John: McEwin:-" Mr. Johnston is ; a native of Dumfriesshire, Scotland, and is now i about 30 years of age. On arriving at manhood he determined to devote himself to" the profes sion of. the ministry in connection with the J$jee; Church of Scotland, and pursued his .studies -at.' the Glasgow -University and Free Church Divinity HalL He also engaged at the-saine; time in mission'-work in- Glasgow1 and the neighbourhood,, where he . founded. - and '? built ' up. at least two ? > mission. . churches, ; which . are, 'now under regular- pastoral : care. Mr. .Johnston's . health, however, broke; - down under, the double: strain, and he was , ordered to.seek.a warmer climate. Accordingly i about four years ago he reached the Province of Otago,. New Zealand, where his health quickly : improved, and he. was :able. again to pur sue his "work. Under his. ministry a Church ' at Caversham, near.. Dunedin, was revived,; and is now in charge of a settled pastor. So great was the interest awakened by. Mr. Johnston's preaching both in Port Chalmers and Dunedin that a revival movement broke out spontaneously, and a series of meetings were held at both places j the largest buildings were too small to contain the audiences,.which assembled, and the conversions were nam-, bered by hundreds. About two years ago Mr. Johnston left New Zealand to come to Victoria with the view of completing his studies. Before his departure his friends . presented kim with an address and a purse of 200 sovereigns. While in New Zealand he pub lished a little book entitled 'Life Abundantly,' a second edition of which has just been pub lished in Scotland, edited by Dr. Andrew A. Bonnar, with au introduction by Dr. Candlish. After .completing his studies in Victoria Mr.' Johnston declined to. take 4 licence,' which according to Presbyterian form would have placed him under the direction of the Pres bytery, preferring to hold himself free for evangelistic work. So thorough is his devotiou to this .that though he has received calls to the pastorate from some six or .seven diffe-. rent Churches, some of them accompanied, by very liberal pecuniary offers, he- has turned a deaf ear to them alL He .'has conducted series of evangelistic services in Melbourne Mid in several of the provincial towns of Victoria with considerable ^Uccess, especially in Geelong, where the movement in its depth and intensity and in the result which followed resembled that in New Zealand. Last year Mr. Johnston commenced the publication in Melbourne of Words of Grace, a monthly illustrated evangelical magazine for old and young. The success attained by this venture has far exceeded his expectations, and proves that the magazine supplies a want. It has already reached in Victoria and New Zealand a circulation of over 5,000 per month, which the editor hopes soon to double. He is now making arrangements for regular contributions from some of the most celebrated ministers in Great Britain and America. A deep interest has been felt in Mr. Johnston's services at Hindmarsh. which have been continued for three weeks, and marked good has resulted in many cases." Mr. McEwin adds:-" The Evangelical Alliance has irranged for a series of united meetings in tlie city, during the continuance of which a noon prayer-meeting will be held daily, and the services iu the separate churches will be omitted as far as possible. It is hoped that Christians of all denominations will unite to hold up Mr. Johnston's nands by sympathy and prayer." KENSINGTON BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH.-A tea-meeting was held at this church on Monday evening, May 21, at which the Rev. J. Thorne, who has just returned to the colony from , England, was welcomed. After the tea, which had been generously provided by tlie ladies of the congregation, was finished, a lecture was given by the rev. gentleman upon part of his experience during his trip. The Revs. J. "Way. T. Piper, and H. J. Lambert also sat in the cliancel with Mr. Thorne, Mr. "Way acting as Chairman of the meeting. After Messrs. "Way and Piper had addressed the meeting and given a short account of the history of the Kensing ton Church, Mr. Thorne introduced his very interesting and able lecture by thanking the congregation for the warm welcome they had given him, and said that in all his travels he had seen no place he liked so much as Adelaide. He then referred very shortly to his work as Emigration Lecturer, saying that he had no fear of meeting aey one who had been induced to come out here by him, as he had never held out any inducements which were not strictly true. After this he gave his hearers a short but vivid description of some of the most striking things he had seen during his trip from Adelaide to New York, alluding to the marked superiority of American hotels and railways over English ones, and saying that the English were the most con ceited people in the world. His descriptions of Utah and Fiji were specially interesting, the natives of the latter place being- apparently re markable for their observance of the Sabbath. On the question of immigration Mr. Thorne spoke but little. He expressed, however, his abhorrence of Chinese immigration, and looked upon it as a retribution upon England for its treatment of China. After the conclusion of this first portion of Mr. Thome's lecture the Chairman moved a vote of thanks to him, and Mr. Thorne promised the continuation on a future occasion. After an anthem had been sung and the usual speeches had been made the meeting dissolved. SOUTH Austealian Fjbmajle BEFCGE.-His Lordship the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide pre sided on Monday afternoon, May 31, at the annual meeting of the South Australian Female Refuge, A satisfactory report and balance slieet were submitted to the meeting, and tlie Ladies' and General Committees for the current year were appointed. THE Town HALL.-Tlie City Council resolred on Monday that the present system of lighting the Town Hall by means of pendants be con tinued. Mr. E. "W. Wright, whose attention had not been directed to this point, reported ou two other plans of improved illumination, but the general feeling appeared to be that they would cost too much. It is probable that the orgau will have to be worked by water power, as three men, who would be confined iu a small dark space, would otherwise be required to blow the bellows. Width OF CITY STEEETS.-Attention was called at the meeting of the City Council on Monday to the fact that clause 97 of the Cor poration Act ].rovide3 that no street unless 40 feet in width shall be formed in Adelaide, and that therefore the making of streets of less width, which had been frequently carried out in the past, was illegal. The Council, neverthe less, resolved to call for conditional tenders for the construction of a private street only 10 feet wide, though the necessity for an amendment of the Act was admitted. SCHOOL ACCOMMODATION AT Stbathalbyn. The Minister of Education visited Strathalbyn on Saturday, May 19, and was waited upon by a deputation from the Corporation consisting of most of the Councillors, the Town Clerk, and several interested and influential burgesses. The object of the deputation was to urge the neces sity for increased school accommodation, and also, if thought desirable, the erection of a schoolhouse oil more spacious grounds than those attached to the existing one and in a more central position. The deputation was intro duced-iu the absence of the Mayor, Dr. Blue by Councillor Harris, who, in a short but con clusive address, plainly demonstrated that what ; the deputation sought was urgently required. Councillors Bell and Milnes also spoke on the subject. The Minister of Education (Hon. E. I "Ward) very courteously admitted the reasonable- i ness of the requests that had been made, and : said that although tli@ school accommodation in j that locality had not been increased since the ! establishment of the Educational Council, yet it i had been borne in mind and the place spoken of j as one needing such improvements as were now asked for. He had much pleasure in informing the j deputation that if a sum were not already set ! aside for the purpose it should be done oh the | very next instalment being made for educational ! purposes. The deputation thanked the Minister i for the kind manner in which thty had been I received by him and for the assurance which he ! had given them, and then withdrew. Bah.way STATION AT GREEN'S PLAINS.-A j few days since Mr. J. Richards, M.P., for- 1 warded a memorial to the Commissioner of Public "Works (Hon. J. Colton), from the settlers on Green's Plains, praying that the Government in i carrying out the Port Wakefield and j Railway would place a station at the junction j of the Cocormut and Moonta roads, which the memorial urged would greatly benefit the I farmers on the plains in the disposition of their ! produce. Mr. Richards has received a reply j from the Commissioner, in which Mr. Colton 1 says the Government will be unable to comply i with the request of the memorialists, on the ground that it would render necessary some , very steep gradients. The Commissioner has J undertaken to have the station placed three quarters of a mile nearer KniUna than the point suggested by the memorialists. I Boxa£ CoLOKikrlNSTiTOTB.-AnEnglishtele gram in this weelrs issue states that ^herehas :been animportant jddbatp&t; the Jfojai jpolofftl Institute on a paper readby Captain Colored}, 011 Colonial and Imperial wmymmKnu- -? , .-? ^"-"ciiuuiiaiiip'slylobeHotel, Port Augusta, on Thursday evening, May 17, on which occasion 18 members were «nrolled Into «1 Club to he called tbe Philanthropic Pickwick ' Club, the object being to assist the deserving I poor in that township and alleviate distress | when met with by any member. There waali ] good- attendance, and. a Committee was formed to get rules printed and the Club incorporated. ' KINGSTON JETTY.-A correspondentwriting i from Lacepede Bay on May 19, says- that | Jetty at Kingston is ,in a very dangerous state | in two places, and demands immediate atten ? I tion. Therie aire two holes iii it, he .says, sufficient to throw any-one down. An. instance happened lately of an individual falling, and ! who? in consequence received such serious, in l ternal injuries, that he will be enfeebled for life. THE Welathee.--The heaviest rain of the season fell here on Thursday, says the Border Watch of May 19. Shortly after one o'clock ii literally fell in torrents; big streams of water rushed down the street, and some of the low-, lying lands were flooded for a few hours-a most unusual circumstance in this district. 'The weather took np during the afternoon,. but frequent showers are still the order of the day. The rain on Thursday had a most depressing influence on the election proceedings, and no doubt deterred a good many from coming to the poll. During the 24 boars up to Friday morn ing at nine a.m. about an inch aud a-half fell: Deatz OF AS OLD COLONIST.-An old resident of the Southern District, Mr. Bobert Field, landlord of the Goolwa Hotel, died early o» Friday morning, May 18, after a short illness. On Sunday last the deceased extent the day with his friends at Port Victor, and ou Tuesday he was at Port Elliot. He was then unwell, &hd; had .been so since the previous Friday, but .not in such a state as to cause any alarm to bis friends or lead them to suppose that there was - any immediate danger. The deceased leaves a large circle of friends. THE POUT WAKEFIELD AND Barttnga LINES OF PiATLWAY.-In pursuance of the resolution passed at the meeting recently held in Wallaroo . (says the local paper) the Committee have drawn up two memorials, the one praying. for the construction of a railway from Port Wake field to Salisbury, for presentation to the House of Assembly by tbe members for the district, " and tbe other to the Commissioner of Public j Works, urging upun him the necessity of putting j into marL-ec immediately the coutracts for the ' construction cf the Barunga line (the survey of which is novr drawing rapidly to a close) to prevent unnecessary delay. Both memorials - are in circulation, and a good number of signa tures h:ivc been obtained for each. EnccATioit MATTERS ns THE SOUTH.-The Minister of Agriculture and Education, accom- - panied by ilr. W. Quin, M.P., visited Milang . on Friday. May IS. Messrs. Eankine, Lewis, Borrett, Fairweather, Hill, and Stephenson waited on the Miuister, and asked that a teacher's ? residence might be erected at Langhorne's Bridge, and that the schoolroom might' be repaired and enlarged. Mr. Ward said, he thought that a good case had been made out,. and that he would represent the matter to the President of the Council of Education. If the : necessary work could not he done out of the j balance of the loan it might be provided out of i next year's vote. He believed, however, that I there were enough funds to allow tbe repairs to . j be done. The deputation stated that they were I satisfied with the answer of the lion, gentleman I to their requests. A deputation also waited | upon the Minister at Strathalbyn with reference i to the educational requirements of that district,. ; to the members of which he gave a favourable reply. Sitpbeme COURT.-His Honor Mr. Justice ' Stow sat in Banco on Monday, May 21, and on the application of Mr. Boucant, Q.C., he made absolute a rule nisi for a new trial or verdict for ; defendants in the case of Isaac Place Pearce v. ? District Council of Narracoorte. In the matter of the special case, Great Amalgamated Gold ? lieefing Company, Limited, v. John Carstairs, ! remitted from the Adelaide Local Court for the -. I opinion of the Supreme Court, His Honor made i answer in the negative and awarded the plaintiff ; Company costs. In the Matrimonial Causes- . j Jurisdiction an extension of 10 days' time for ! the filing of additional affidavits in the divorce ; suit of Woihte v. Woihte was granted. A ; decree in si was given in the divorce suit of Sharp v. Sharp and Harper, but His Honor stated that so far as the co- respondent was con | cerned there was no evidence. The adjourned / Equity case of W. T. Dal wood v. the Balhannah ! Mining Company was also heard by His Honor, ; nnd iti'ter a somewhat protracted-argument hy. . 1 the petitioners counsel (Mr. W. V. Smith), it" ' was dismissed -with costs. The . Court in-its : various jurisdictions then adjourned till Mon day next. ; THE Xew YORK LABOUR MARKET.-The ; number of labourers employed and seeking' j work in this city (states the New York Tribune) is said to be 55,000. It would not probably be saying too much to affirm that they represent at least 100,000 persons in actual want or nearly so of the necessities of life. This gives us a discouraging aggregate of discomfort and suffering, to which must be added a probable increase in vice and crime. Yesterday the - working men petitioned the Common Council ? not for alms, but for work. There seems to be some diSculty, we are sorry to find, in responding favourably to the appeal. The Com missioner has S200,000 in hand to be expended upon the streets, but nothing can be done with them until the frost is out of the ground. So also ii 3s too early in the season to 6tart work on the docks. There will soon, however, be work for one thousaud men on the Riverside Park and for several hundred on the Millbrook sewer. The Superintendent of the Building Department anticipates the erection of many houses this spring. At the parks there is something to be done, but the appropriations are so small that only one-fifth of the usual force can be employed. Here is, it would seem, but a poor prospect for a considerable portion of the 55,000 unemployed. It is to be hoped, how ever, and may be reasonably expected, that the spring will take a considerable number of labourers into the country, where they really belong, aud where there will be food and wages for a season. New SOUTH WALES FINANCES.-The Sydney Morning Herald of May 3 gives the following abstract of Mr. Piddington's supplementary financial statement:-"Since the late Treasurer had made his financial speech there had 'been a change of Ministry, but under the circumstances be (Mr. Piddington) did not think it necessary to do more than make a statement supplemen tary to that made by jlr. Stuart, as the Govern ment intended to substantially adopt the Esti mates of their predecessors. It was not intended to propose any change in the financial policy of the Government. It would be satisfactory to the House to know that the revenue went on stead'Iy increasing from year to year, and that the land revenue even exceeded the anticipa tions of Mr. Stuart. The additional estimates of expenditure contained a sum of £415,92416s. 8d. in the shape of revotes, and he thought that this would be a more satisfactory mode of deal ing with the lapsed votes than that which had hitherto been adopted. The honourable member then proceeded to giice a detailed explanation of the Estimates. The estimated expenditure for the year 1877 amounted to £4,428,012 7s. 4d., and the estimated revenue to £5,308,410, a larger estimate than had ever before been submitted to Parliament. In one year there was an esti mated surplus of revenue over expenditure amounting to £SS0,397 I2s. 8d. Such a state of things had never before occurred in the colony, and therefore he did not think there would be I any difficulty in obtaining the assent of the | Committee to the resolution which had been i submitted for the purpose of covering the ! amount granted in Committee of Supply. He expressed himself as favourable to a reduction . in the price of land, for which he had always voted whenever he had had an opportunity- As it was desired on all sides that the present session should he brought to as speedy a close as posssible the Government did not intend to pro pose any fiscal alterations." Printed and Published every Friday morning and every Saturday morning, by- WIIXTAM Kytttn THOMAS and JOHN HOWARD CLARK* at the Offices of the South Australian Register, Evening Journal, and Adelaide Observer, Gren fell-street, Adelaide, South Australia,, where .-advertisements, orders, and communications are received. 