In the criticisms, we have -seen of the-Ynew Friendly Societies Act no Wf passing through the Legislative Assembly wo have not obr served any mention of provision being made to facilitate the recovery of' contributions due to the societies by defaulting members a deficiency in the present existing act to .whiobAttention bas- frbquenfclyVbeu cbldV As the law stands at present, the societies seem to be very 'much- -at.;-tlfemercy-' of the particular .view which the magistrate : may entertain of his power - to decide such dis7 putes, for it has been observed, that, while verdicts - against defaulters = have been" ob tained from justices, .in some .localities; - in other places it' is useless to( expect a judg ment as in' ordinary, debt cases - unless the' rules, of the society expressly , give the magistrate jurisdiction. .We do not wish to Criticise the opinion held 'by the magistrates in- this , matter, as we1 believe that these gentlemen act in a thoroughly conscientious manner and thus fully, deserve the public confidence" reposed in them, but the hardship-thus imposed on. the societies by the difficulty experienced", in recovering debts due to them is no slight one. A society cannot always make it conveuient-'to alter its bye-laws in the. manner suggested simply to provide for possible contingencies, and the alteration, if made, entails.no, little expense for the certifying barrister's fees, registration fees, and printing, while-,on the other hand there is no- reason why a num ber-. of men banded together for a-legitimate and specific-purpose should :not be able td enforce the payment, of; a debt-due to their common fund as, easily . as - a business' man may enforce payment! for goods supplied. For- want of the provision: to which we have drawn attention many of- the lodges have lost a,- large ;portion of, -their funds.: :.A.;ner-; son joining a society has always about three months credit! for the payment of current contributions and any, " goods"- he- 'may purchase from his lodge. - During this time he is a full benefit member,1 and the lodge is responsible for his .share of,. the amount paid to the doctor and chemist, to the " district" fur his proportion of the 'amount devoted to sick pay and funeral expenses,' and he is also counted, and , 'charged for in the Director's pro rata levy - for general expenses, .wliilq. in , ninety-nine ..cases but of a hundred; a member deciding to leave the" society -fails to pay- his last -quarter's dues, and perha'ps owesAuy'Vegali£tas well,' caus- a dead'lossito the-societyuhmoney-'adtuhlly expended iu> hisibehalf to -the extent of the amount .of tliOi debt.,- Ae_ m ay ..mention ,t|)at in the history of, one of it.he . local societies only-two members, -r.outiofif.a; large number who have forfeited membership, have, 'couirj plied with; the rules by paying their > dues and resigning in a legitimate manner, while the loss -.experienced, on. account of ; those who ' have- -left by " neglected payments'--- would leach to a sum at least equal to one- 1 t-hjrd of the society's accumulated fund- A clause of a very few lines would give -justices the necessary power to adjudicate /Oil the disputes referred to, and we are sure that it would do much to protect the -societies and. ensure their stability. We have before referred to this subject, and as we have not been favorhd-with a copy of the bill we cannot say that the' suggestion lias not been adopted, butt if it has nut, wg hope t h atri yw ilh/Uftt/ihc CQveplbSkaff I bore tjief Jbill finally passes.. the -Legislatvire.j- r- 'DWeiiiearrihat a child belonging'to one of the merr' employed on the railway, at the Maryborough end of the line, had a narrow escape from being run oyerron -Tuesday. The fchild f attempted to cross in front of an approaching train, but was struck by tHeengine, and immediately the guard iron in front of the wheel oaught'Jiim anil threw him clear of the line. Our informant states that the child escapedcwithnly a few:bruis"es. -.jp-j A local idiot, for want of some other, mislshief to engage his attention,' has' conceived the idea of ' playing ghost'? o frjghten nervous females who WyCbe out_a(ter dark."' Dressedrinj a .white he/t he has more than once lat ely, made his appearance on the. Maryborough; road, about half, a mile from llie town, a favorite direction for walking on sum mer evenings. Several girls, we hear, have already -been scA'red'by the mock-afipa rition, Aw V)icb,'-i how ever, has uot!yebhadrfhe,couragcV-toisKew itself to any but females. To save the fool from the .thrashing lie deserves we may mention that several youths htfve determined to seek an interview with the " ghost" as soon as possible, and will go pro- videdjwith cudgels. > A u The annual picnic of the Avoca State School will be held .in, the /Botanical Reserve- on: Friday -next, the 23rd instant. "r " \- -Mr George Pinch, of Avoca; - has been' appointed a classifier under the Land Tax Act. The correspondent of;the local) Board of Advice has received an intimatioD that the architect of the new.-'schoolwill mark ouf the' site on -Monday ne'xt", on which vday the contract orwill also "take formal possession of the 'grouud. i-The"ierection of the building-, will be proceeded :with)at once. / :. ; . We ha veibeen- favored with-a view- of- a perfectly shaped fruit, of,a.kindjwe are.,noti. acquainted with, which has .been discoved at. a depth of .160- feet in the claim' of ' the Wording1 Miners' Company, -Homebush, ' "It has a circumference of 4J- inches, the largest way, and has somewhat , the .shape and Ippearance of a nectarine. The curiosity is to be sent to the Ballarat School of Mines.' At .the annual meeting of the - Castlemaine and Sandhurst -Wesley an District-, Held at -Kyneton on Monday, '-Tuesday and VVednes'day last; the - Rev. Henry Greenwood applied' for twelve months' leave of absence to enable him 'to seek' the 'restoration of his- health in England. Several ministers sup- portedf 'the application, and, on the motion of the Rev C. Dubourg, the conference will be requested to accede tofthe request. . .With this-re commenda tion there, can. be no doubt bui-that. Mr. Greenwood's leave has .been virtually; Obtained, and- oVf readers .will agree- with us that it would be cruel , to refuse it. When ihe rev igentleman-. first took charge of this- circuit-, about-nine or ten-years: ago, he was a strong young man, giving' promise of a long and healthful life. Having an earnest wish to perform the real work of his profession, lie volunteered for mission labor in the Friendly Islands, and, several years' residence in an unsuitable climate, with hard work and constant anxiety, have have had the ef fect of impairing his formerly robust, constitution. "It was thought on his return that a re appointment to bis old, circuit would restore Him, but this result has not been obtained, and Mr Greenwood, now desires to seek for bet ter- health io his native land, and under. the advice of skilled physicians.: (The Avoca people will be sorry to lose him, as he has many friends amongst all the religious bodies, but the hope will be general that in a brief year he may return to resume the wo'rk to the performance of which he has devoted himself. , : It wa's s'ated at the Wesleyan District meeting held this week that the income of the Home Mis sions Fund for the colony bad be?n £2,100. The committee's share of this would be £200, and the sum ; was apportioned amongst the dependent circuits as follows : — Talbot £45, Inglewood £50, Blackwood £25, Maryborough £20, . Avoca £40, Heathcole £20. We direct attention to a notice contained in our advertising columns announcing that a sale' of Grown lands will-be held at Avoca on Tuesday, the 27th instant. Tb'e lo7s to-be offered are situated at Natte Yallock, Warreumang and Barkly. It will be observed that the secretary of the local famine fund- acknowledges the recefpt of. £17-2$ 6d for -the week, making the total amount received to date,£68 7s. f Amounts'not yet handed in .will swell this total to over' £90, so that it is. evident that the whole contribution of the Shire - will fully reach, if. it-does not exceed, our former estimate of £100. It will be observed by the lists published that Moonambel and Lillicur have contributed very liberally, the former subscribing £10 2s in addition to a sum of £2 9s 6d previously acknowledged from the station there, while the last named place gives £4 8s 6d- without counting £3 6s 8d already sent to Ballarat by the children. - , ; The additional estimates, which will provide for the payment of members, will be considered by the Assembly on Tuesday eveniDg. ; The. Maryborough General Sessions were held on Tuesday last, before His Honor Judge: Bindon, Edward Thorpe was charge'd with assault with in tent to.kill Marjory -Dancer, on the 15th August, : a't AdelaideiLead.-j, The jury brought in a verdict of" unlawfully wounding," and the prisoner was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Two cases of appeal, brought by Chinamen who had : been convicted- of gambling, were dismissed, the ; requisite notices 'not having been given in writing. VVe have received from Messrs Chuck and Son, of the Royal Arcade, Melbourne, a copy of the : Indian famine photographs of which lie has pre sented a large number to the central committee, i Rowing has become quite a fashionable amuse ment for females at Sydney. Both of the daiugh- of Sif 'Hercules Robinson are said to be. expert rowers, one having lately done the measured mile with a light steerer in 9 minutes, while the other accomplished the same distance with. a. heavy isterer in ll£ minutes. It has beem estimated that the attendants at \- Flemington on the Cup Day spent in 'general ex penses, dresses and bets, no less than £360.000, 1 Several -gentleman connected with- mining in ! Ballarat in.tend coming to inspect, the neglected ! mines of this district in the course of a few days. Advantage will be taken of the opportunity to shew i them the New Holland ground and rh'e Percydale -reefs.. . . „ , BarpntYpn Mueller is'now on a visit to'Weatern. Australia, and ;is said,, to; have taken up a large block of land there. . ' A Sydney telegram states— Reports - from Tam- j worth describe ihe.district as beingin a.fearfui state, s Large numbers of.sheep'and. call la are dying from- starvation. Already upwards of.15,000 store sheep- have left, travelling for food. The Victorian- fund .. for -thelrelief of the Indian Famine now amounts to £21,180. It is stated 1 that the first draft fors"£6, 000 had been negotiated i at' Madras at! current rates'; by which it is esti- mated that the sum named has been augmented by i £500. "v 1 It is stated that a deficiency has been discovered ;in the account! of the secretary of the- Beechworth - i Shire.Council.'Vj.F , .- TJ-Y'lM i Two statements of interest to selectors - were im8,de,in the Assembly on Wednesday niglu byuMr jLongmore. The:first-was - that .the present Land | Act did:noKprovide for npn-residentsejectipn , and that heTvouul administer. .the)aw just as it stood iThe second was. that there- was -no objecf ion to selectors cariryjngjon their trades on. their selections, : and (onlgrsfih?d .been given .that they were not to be jmolested in so doing. -This las', statement was received wit It satisfaction' by the House. : 1 — -' ! Mr \V. M'Kerrin, of Scarsdale, on Saturday ! found a strange dog in the yard and took up a quartz stone to fling at him. Finding it somewhat ' weighty, he turned ii over in his hand and found it impregnated with gold. That stone did pot 'Vga for that "dog," for on being broken it a9 found to contain | oz of gold. — Ballarat Star, An accident of a very serious and distressing nature ( t hesMaitland Mercu ry states) occurred on Tuesday morning to a young woman namen Law- ler, about rimeteen years of age, residing in Bulwer street, We-M a jtland. The young >voman' had been to church Atrial morning, and had returned home about 9 o'clock. She was leaning over1 the i he fire in the outhouse in the act of removing a vessel of boiling water when the flames caught her clothes The mother had just , put .sojn.e '.dry.. \- stub'hSeromAFe-jgaVdba-into the "fire;' which' causedi itr x q. buj-gjUp-yery/freely." A 1 m os t bef ore - the;g i r ( 'was aware of' her peril the flames "had completely "enyelopedher.; All her clothes, with the except iou ofher stay body, were burned off In her fright she ran into the house where her sister "was, "arid subsequently into the garden screaming, to, ,hew mother, who, on seeing her daughter' 'on ff'rte,'be:l »came soterrified (hat she was unable- to -render any assistance; , A young man who was passing by, on hearing t he-screams, -ran to the-Ten'ce, and saw that the unfortunate young woman's clothes were op firei) 'He immediately )leaperd th&"nce?an'd ran to her assistance. -A- vessel of water being handy ,!Awih j'the .Sssistanfce of tte peighbohrs, several, of w ho m had ar.r iVed at his time', the young man succeeded in Extinguishing the flames by filling his hat with water and throwing it on the sufferer? ..Sheswa's then ;cohveyedr inYo Abe .:hous6 and Dr. Alcorn sent; for.: j "fThe doctor was quickly in atfendance,_and applied remedies for the relief .of- the. poor, girL ,,-Dr. Alcprnr. considers her life to be in great danger for the extent and severity of the burns she has received. His .Honor, Judge Bindon delivered an opinion at the.general'sessions, on Tuesday,: with; regard to the testimony of juvenile witnesses. After admit ting the evidence of a child of thirteen, his Honor remarked,.,:-" My experience is, that .the younger witnessWare the more'truihf'il they are. - As they grow; old they get depraved." The Maryborough Advertiser exclaims— What a satire this on all agencies to make men good I A patron pf a certain inewspaper once, ;saidqto tjie p'ublishpr— ?':Mr .Printer, ""hi.w is J(t"you peier call on meJ'tolpay' for your "p.a|>er 7' " Oh !""said the man of types We .never ask, , a gentleman, .for money." i'-f Indeed I"£replied ifie- patron./ ?»?How do .you manage: to get along . when they don't pay I" " VVhy," said the. editor, " kfter: a certain time we conclude he is nut a gentleman, aDd we ask him." The.Tichborne;business js.jriotBdone ;with yet, (aay .thelTe%jrapA) ,aa Mr Lock. of. Fiizroy,. has received ler-te'rsby the mail !aatliorisilig-him to i>et possession of the man who is now: cdn fined in the Paramatta Lunatic Asylum,: and' take him home to be identified as Arthur Orton. We published the particulars of: -Mr "Lock?s- : discovery 'of the lunatic Some-tirhe since, together 'with his reasons for believing hiiir to ber.Ortpn.' A pdwerydf attorney has !been sen" t o'ii t ' by George Ort ori : ins tructing. the asylum authorities to place,. V bis-"brother"':ih ' Mr Lock'scare, and'a'passage iri the maiPsteamer has been taken for them'End a keeper by Lord ''Rivers. Mr Onslow.and.the sheriff .of London.; Mr Lock purposes 'leavidg 'for'"' Sjd tidy 'Yiekf week on his Btrange.inis6ion. ,r >r - , - . r - . .. r - . .. . A deputation . representing the bark -strippers of Stawell and neighbourhood ; interviewed. -Mr-Lalpr yes te.rd ay , a nd asked tbat the proposed ex por t j d u t y of £3.per ton- o.a ;att-le,tac4eia,;andr mimosa should be, abandoned by! t he Government. : Mri La lor, after some conversation, promised j as there were large stocks of bark on hand,, t o recommend that the fluty should not take effect until July, 1877; Tbe;- tickets in: the Mechanics' Institute Art Union are very nearly all/disposed of. Very few remain on band,; and the demands? from agents are so.numerous that by the end of the present week it is expected that the -whole will be: distributed. The agents in Sydney, Atle)aide, :and 1 Hobart T own have sold : a- great number, and it is -probable that at least-1000 tickets will be sold in' the adjacent colo nies. Mr F. ,\V. Davies of Adelaide, and. Mr Samuel Ackmany of Sydney; both well known to most of our readers, hive taken great interest jn the affair, and have -apDoi n t e daii da re/ s u ne rv i si n o asencies'inabies!e 'ai\&.Ballarat jSfor: ; ' A Sydney telegram in' Tuesday's Herald says : — " A very sad acciden t, resulting , in t he ; death ' by drowning of a fine little girl," is reported from Dalbyi Two .children while bathing at that place got intp. deep waier, and w?re in imminent danger of drowoihg-wheh.tbeirelder: sister- rushed, to their assistance, and heroically plunged 'in to the water dressed as she was. , She dived under the water for one of the children, and her1 dress caught in a snag underneath, .the result being that the brave girl was . held, down under the" water and was drowned.; The father of the three children ar rived in time to.save.the two younger ones, but the heroic girl was: under water, and he was not: aware that she was there, or-he might have got her out before life- was extinct, .The "sad occurrence has created a most painful sensation." One of the Angora'goats belonging to the'Ararat Common1 waS shorn last week. The ' Advertiser says that, the weight, of the fleece was r7-|lb«f The market Value in Englancl_of this 'product " is said to be 3s 6d per pound. , A good portion .of the. fleece, however, goes to waste in the cleaning andudressing process, so that its value is considerably lessened by its decreisse ini- weight. J . / ' . The slaughter of " the innocents : commenced on Wednesday, in: the Assembly. The Contagious Diseases Bill, the! Supreme and County. Courts \- Procedure Bill, ' the University Act Amendment Bill, and the Attorneys, Solicitors, and Proctors' Admission Bill, were discharged from the notice- pa per. ''i Mr Bent agreed to withdraw his bill for the prevention of contagious diseases for the present session on the Chief Secretary's promise" to appoint a Royol commission. to investigate the whole subject during theAec'ess. A subscriber to the Shepparton News writes to that journal to say that a farmer in the neighbor-- hood of Shepparton lost £120 through not being a subscriber to the local journal. It appears that a selector lost twenty head of cattle, and acting on the unwise custom of being " a penny "wise- 'and a pound foolish," travelled all over the country looking for the stray beasts — instead of purchasing the local newspaper and referring to the impounding advertisements and notices— and, unfortunately, allowed the sale to pass by. As the correspondent goes on to observe, " it is at least risky not to know authoritatively what is transpiring and what is likely to transpire in our particular district, and I_ certainly cannot withhold my cordial pity for the unfortunate farmer, who, by neglecting to invest one pound sterling in the local paper missed at the same time his priveleges and twenty head -of cattle,- The Revs A. Cairns, H. B. Macartney, and C. Edwin Good, have issued in the Missionary a stirring appeal for eight days of special prayer for tthe young men all over the earth, from the 25tu of this month to the 2nd December. > OnYY ednesday last (says the Portland (guardian) an octopus, nob very formidable- in its dimensions,: ' was, after some .struggle, taken from the rocks near the Whaler's Bluff. From the" point of the" nose to, the extremity of the longest arm \vas 4ft Sin, the arm 8ft 6in, aud all the arms- plentifully i supplied with suckers which' enable the fish to be such a dangerous antagonist, in its native element. : "All the other riches i in the world — its coal, iron, gold, and jewels — failing, the riches of -ouxt 1 i golden harvest fields, were-worthless as the dust , beneath our feat. : ' Give us - this dav mrr-rdn-ilY- bread.' " — Hugh Macmillan. 