AN OPEN VERDICT. A NEW NOVEL. By the Author of '• Lady Audlhy's Secret," " Taken , at the Flood," " Dead .Men's Shoes,"" Weavers and Weft," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author All rights reserved.] Chapter V.—His Italian Wife. That deep Shadow bf gloom which had fallen upon Christian Harefield's life seemed to have descended also upon the house he 'lived in. The house—with its low ceil ings, narrow "corridors, strange ins and' outs, odd corners, and black oak panelling, had doubtless been more or less gloomy of aspect for the last two hundred years. But an old-world gloom like this contrasts plea-! santly with the movement and hustle of glad domestic life—the flashes of sudden color—the glow of many hearths—winter's yule log and summer's wealth of flowers— the fresh shrill voices of young children— the hospitalities of eventide, the passing in and:out.of. many figures, varied yetrecur ' rent as the combinations of a kaleidoscope. For the last fifty years the Water House had been known to all Little Yafford, and within a radius of twenty miles, as a grave and sober mansion, where high jinks of any kind were as little to be expected as a re appearance of white- robed oak-crowned 'Druids in that stony circle on the moor which had once reeked with the blood of human victims. . Old Christian Harefield, the .father of the present owner of the estate, had been dis tinguished for various eccentricities, the chief of which was love of money. He did not love it too well to spend it on himself, but he loved it too well to waste it upon , his fellow-creatures) whom he did not love. : He was a born man-hater. No youthful disappointments, no wrong doing of a_ •familiar friend, no.inconstancy of a woman had soured his temper or changed the cur rent j of his life. In his nursery he had regarded outside humanity with a cold distrust, and had been selfish in the transactions of his babyhood. At Eton he was 'known as the most respectable of lads, and was universally detested. There was a legend ofdiis having, given a boy he disliked the scarlatina, deliberately and of malice aforethought; and this was the only thin;* he had ever been known to give away. At the University he took care of himsebf, made his rooms the prettiest in his quad, rode good horses, read diligently, and took his degree with ease—but he refused all in vitations to wine parties, rather than" incur the expense of returning hospitality—and he was remembered among his contem poraries "as Stingy" Harefield. When the time came for him to marry he made ho at tempt to escape .that ordeal, as it presented itself to him in the form of an alliance with a young lady whose father had enriched himself hy commerce, and had recently ac quired a large tract of land conterminous with the Water House estate. The young lady and the tract of-land went in one loty and Christian married her without feeling himself guilty of that kind of sentimental" folly called "falling in love," which offended his reason in those inferior animals whom stern necessity obliged him to ac knowledge as his fellow-creatures. From this alliance of the mercantile classes and the landed gentry sprang an only child, Christian the Second, In his boyhood and youth he gave indications of a nobler and wider nature than his father's. He was careless of money—had his attachments among his school-fellows and companions at the University—gave wine parties on. a: larger scale than any undergraduate of his year—read hard—rode hard—was at once ; dissipated and a student—came through his examinations .with flying colors, and left behind him a reputation which caused at least half-a-dozen fresh; men to ruin themselves in the endeavor to imitate " Alcibiades Harefield," that being the name-Christian. the Second had won for himselfF - There were hard words between father and son when the young man went back to the Water House with a B.A. degree and a sheaf of bills on a more tremendous scale than usual. His mother's"eSt4tV- had been settled upon. Christian-rthe younger, and, "beyond those paternal reproaches, he suf fered: very little from his extravagance. His majority*- which had been wisely or un wisely deferred .to his -twenty-fifth birth day, would make^him independent. He stayed a month or so at theWater House— skotoln the moofs^read late of nights in the sombre library—dined out very often, and saw as little of his father as was con j sistent with occupation of the.same house. After ithis brief experience of domestic life, he went off to the Continent, and remained there roaming from" city to bity> for the next ten yeaTS of his life, his; father living on quietly at the Water House all the time, eating, and sleeping, and riding his .steady cob, and generally, taking .care, of himself in an eminently respectable and gentleman like manner. In the tenth year of his son's absence the father died suddenly of apo plexy—a catastrophe which seemed to most . people in little Yafford the natural clp3e of a selfish self-indulgent life. Christian appeared at the Water House in time for fthe funeral, after travelling day and night "for a week. He saw his father buried, /he examined his father's papers in Mr. Scratchell's presence, "and he perused his father's will drawn by Mr..' Scratchell, and leaving - eveiything to. "my ;only son, .Christian Harefield." The will had' been made' directly after ;Mrs. Harefield's. f death, when. Christian the younger was still at- Eton, and / although the father and son had not got on 'particularly well together afterwards, Christian the elder-had not troubled him self-to alter his bequest. He was too essentially, selfish to.leave a shilling away from his own flesh and blood. Christian Had not treated ham well, hut Christian was in some wise a part of himself; and al though; he did not care much for.-Christian; \- there, was nobody else for whom he cared \- a]|.aiL j ■ ... 'Christian Harefield, now lord of the . double Restates, went back to the Continent, where he was heard of no more for the next five years, at the end of which time there i'camera report of Eis marriage with a very handsome Italian girl; hutas everybody in Little YaffordTemarked "there bad beem ' no advqrtisfementin . thc Times ', which made the whdle thing seem rather odd aqd ir regular" Aycar^r'jtavolaterMr. Harefield W88;he£iTd„of as Hying .near. Florence with . •; tHe-^pvbly Italian wife and a baby "and nine years after his father's death he came sud- ' denly home to the Water House, bring ing the lovely wife and a little girl of three years 61d home with him. He was now a man of middle age, very grave of aspect, but courteous and not inaccessible. Aged people at Little Yafford began to speculate upon a change at the Water House. It would be as it had been when the late Christian Harefield was a child—and old Mr. and Mrs. Harefield gave hunting breakfasts and dinners, and the old place was kept up altogether as it ought to be — ; with a great deal of company in the dining : room, and plenty of waste and riot in the kitchen and servants' hall. Christian Harefield did not quite realise those hopes which memory had evoked in the hearts - of the. oldest inhabitants of "Little Yafford—but he was not unsocial. The Water House resumed something of its ancient splendor—there was a large household liberally conducted-—a fine stud of horses in the roomy old stables. Mr. Harefield received his neighbors, cordially, and gave dinners enough to satisfy the most exacting among his friends. There had Men a great many stories, for the most part purely the work of invention or of that gradual cohesion of casual particles floating in space by which a scan dalous rumor is sometimes created. -Some people had heard as a certain fact that the beautiful Italian had been a flower-girl, and that Mr. Harefield had seen her selling violets in the streets of Florence, Others were equally certain that- she had been an opera singer—others were assured that, ballet dancing had been her profession at the time she attracted her wealthy lover's attention. The more scandalous hinted darkly thatshe was somebody else's runaway wife, and" that Christian Harefield's mar riage was no marriage at all. But by the time Mr. and Mrs. Hare field had been living at the Water House three months, the slightest allusion to one of these once favorite scandals was about, as great a solecism as anyone in Little Yafford could be guilty of. The ancient slanders were sunk in the Red Sea of oblivion. Those who had been most active in disseminating the legends forgot all about them—could not have taxed their memory with the slightest detail, would have looked quite puzzled if any underbred intruder in: polite society had questioned them_ on the subject or recalled former assertions. There was a dignity about. Christian Harefield—a subdued elegance about his lovely wife—which made such legends as Little Yafford had formerly believed in obliviously and distinctly im possible. He marry a ballet-girl dancer, the proudest of men! She sell penny bunches of violets, the most aristocratic of women! All the best people of Little Yafford visited the Water House, and swore by Mrs. Harefield. She was not a woman to make lier in fluence widely felt even in that quiet circle. Beauty and elegance were here chief gifts. She was passionately fond of music—played exquisitely in a style of her own, which was poetic rather than brilliant—sang sweetly, but not with the power of voice or splendor' of execution "which would have justified the story of her having been a prima donna. She had graceful manners, and distinction \ of bearing, but the leading spirits in Little Yafford, Mrs. Dulcimer, Lady Jane Gowry, and an old Mrs. Pynsent decided that she j had not much mind. curtesy; in that foreign way of hers, which " reminds me of my- young days, when ladies behaved like ladies, and good manners had not begun to get obsolete," said Lady Jane to her dear Mrs. Dulcimer, " She can only, look elegant and sit at her piano and suffer us to admiTeher, just as we should if she were the Venus de Milo in the Louvre. I don't think she has mudi more feeling or passion than that one-armed statue—but she is quite as lovely, and I suppose that is enough for Mr. Harefield 1" Everybody agreed that Ckristiau Hare field \vas devoted to his wife, and that it was a happy 'marriage. But for his little girl he had evidently no very warm regard. As time went on^ 'and no aecond baby ap peared thhfather began to feel himself per sonally injured by the sex of his only child. She ought to have been a son. Here was the great1 Harefield property in danger of travelling out of the direct line, and be longing to some "spurious Harefield, who should only assume that-good old name by royal letters patent. And it seemed to Christian—large minded and cosmopolitan as he considered himself—that it would he a loss to English society if real HarefiaLds should become^ extinct in the1 land. This idea that his daughter was a mistake grew upon him, arid by slow degrees:begah to go band in hand with another idea—of a far ' more injurious- and dangerous nature—and that was the fancy that his wife loved the" child hettet than she loved him. These tender maternal caresses which the geiitle Italian lavished on her little girl galled her husband almost as much as if he had seen them given to a rival. This was the first arising of that sombre passion which was afterwards to turn all his life to poison. He -- first learned the meaning of jeafousy wheu he sat, by his own fireside watching the lovely face opposite him smiling down upon Beatrix. He had never cared for children in the abstract, never had perceived any special poetry or beauty in y oung lives andr ' small round rosy faces;j. and he could: see, nothing to love or admire in Beatrix, who at this stage oL-her existence, was small • and sallow; ".a little.yellow thing, all eyes and mouth," as he himself, described her. It was'a constant irritation to kirn to see • such blind unreasoning, affection squandered, upon so unlovely an object. . ; He spent One winter and a spring at the Water House and then carried bis wife \- away withhim to Baden, and from Baden went to Elorence for the winter,"leaving Beatrix in charge of a conscientious and . elderly governess at Little Yafford. The child was almost heart-broken at the loss of that loving mother, hut no one except Miss Scales, the governess, knew anything about it, and Miss Scales wrote Mrs. Harefield, cheery letters telling her that dear little. •Trix was getting tall and strong, and had; just gone into words of two syllables, Mr. andMrs. Harefield came back to the "Water House and spent the summer and \- autumn at; home, and gave parties and made ' themselves generally agreeable. Then came winter and migration to the south, Beatrix staying behind with Miss Scales as before. This winter she . went into words of three syllables, .and made" small excursions into -various foreign grammars, taking to Italian naturally,'.as a duck hatched by a hen takes.: to the water, * ' ■ This land of life went on till Beatrix wiis ten, Mr. and Mrs.Harefield's sojourn at the "Water House; growing briefer each .year," and by degrees there arose a feeling in Little Yafford that Mr. and Mrs. Harefield were not quite the happiest couple in the world, that there were more clouds than sunshine in that small home circle. These things made. themselves known somehow. It was hinted that there were quarrels. ' Mrs. Harefield had a distressed look some times. Beatrix was not so often found in the drawing-room with her mother when people called. Good-natured Mrs. "Dulci mer discovered that the little girl was always cooped up in the schoolroom, or sent out for dreary walks with her governess, and felt herself called upon to interfere and draw Mrs. llarefield's attention to this - neglect, of maternal duty; but Mrs. Hare field, mildly graceful as'she was at tiriaes, received the remonstrance with a placid dignity which rebuked the good-natured, busybody. There waa trouble of some kind evidently at the Water House, but no one in Little Yafford could ever get face to face with the skeleton. Italian friends of Mrs". Hare field's appeared upon the scene, but Little Yafford was not invited to meet these foreigners. Then came autumn, and another migration to warmer lands, and this time Miss Scales and Beatrix went with the travellers. "That is more as it should be," said Mrs. Dulcimer, triumphantly. "So you .see after all, Clement, my remonstrance had some effect." " If ever I find that any act of interfe rence with other people's conduct of their own affairs has a good effect, I Will reverse the whole theory of morals which I have made for myself, in relation to my neigh bor," answered Mr. Dulcimer, with unac customed energy. This last journey was fatal. Six weeks after the. travellers left the Water House, little ^afford was startled by the tidings of Mrs. Harefield's death. She had died sud denly, at a little roadside inn, among the mountains—the loveliest spot on earth she could well have found for life's closing scene. She had gone there alone with her husband on their way from Naples.to Beggis, leaving Beatrix and her governess at Naples. Mr. Harefield was distracted, and had gone off to wander no one knew where, after. sending his child and the governess home to the Water House. Little Beatrix appeared there by-and-by, silent and almost ghost-like child, whose' small face looked unnaturally white above the dense blackness of her frock. "Tt's absolutely heartrending to see a Christian gentleman's child look so like one's idea of a vampire," exclaimed comr passionate Mrs. Dulcimer, and she tried to lure the little girl to the Vicarage with a view to petting and making her happy; but Miss Semes guarded her pupil as jealously as if she had been a grimn in a fairy tale keeping watch and ward over an enchanted princess. It was the universal opinion in Little Yafford—a kind of foregone conclusion— that Mr.Harefield would wander for years, and return to the Water House after a decade or two with long grey hair and a bent backbone, and the general appearance of a pilgrim. He disappointed everybody's expectations by coming back early in the spring and taking up his abode permanently in the grave old house, which now put on the mantle of sileiice and gloom which had never been lifted from it since. Under this shadow of gloom, encircled by this perpetual silence and monotony, Beatrix. had grown from childhood to womanhood. You could hear the dropping of the light wood ashes in a distant room as you stood in' the hall at the Water House—or the chirping of a winter robin in the garden outside the windows-r-or the ticking of the dining-room clock—but of human voice or motion -there was hardly anything to be heard. The kitchens and offices were re mote, and the servants knew the value of good wages and a comfortable home too well to let any.token of their existence reach Mr, Harefield's earn. The master of that silent house sat in his library at the end of the low corridor, andread, or smoked, or mused, or wrote in solitude. Sometimes he took his daily ride or walk in all weathers, for months at a stretch—at other times he would -remain for several weeks without leaving the house. He received no guests—he visited no one—having" taken the trouble, immediately after his return, to let people know that he had come to "the Water House in search of solitude and not sympathy. . .•••• Scratcnell, Jiis lawyer and agent, andMtv Namby, the family doctor, were the only two men freely admitted to his presence— and of these, he saw as little as possible. He allowed Isabella Scratched .to be with his daughter as much as Beatrix pleased to have her, but T he never sat at meals with them or honored them with his society^ His hours were different from theirs—and they had Miss Scales to take care of them. What could they want more ? One day, when Beatrix was between 16 and 17, Mrs. Dulcimer met thefmisanthrope.' in one of his solitary walks on the Druid'b moor] and. vbntured—not without inward fear and-trembling—to attack- him-on the subject of,his daughter's solitary-life. 'f.. L "It must be very dull for Beatrix at the Watejr House," she said; - " I; daresay it is, madam," answered Christian Harefield, with austere civility*. " but I don't mind that, fullness is good for young women—in my opinion!" " Oh, but. dear Mr. Harefield," cried the. Vicar's wife, emboldened by Jiis politeness, "but there you differ from all the rest of the world." :•>' -.... _ : fA;. "Ihave not generally found the rest of the wiorid" so. wise, my dear madam, -as to distress ;myself because .its opinions and. mine happen to be at variance." , Mrs. Dulcimer felt herself baffled. Thi,s stony urbanity was too much for her. But she remembered Beatrix's pale joyless face as she had seen it in the chancel pew last Sunday, and made one more heroic effort. "Mr. Harefield, I am not going to ask you to. change your owiitabits—•*•; " » That would he wasted labor, madam." " Of ask people to the Water House-—" "I would not do my friends so great a wrong." • "But you might at least let Beatrix come tome. We are very quiet people at the vicarage—Clement absorbed in his books— I in my work baskets There would- be no gaiety for ber—but there would be the change from one bouse to another—and we lie higher—you must be damp at the Water House, I know Beatrix has suffered from ^neuralgia " " • -T "A:new: faahipn gmong young ladigs, like the shape of their bonnets. I never he'ai'd of it when I was young." " Oh, it was called toothache then—hut it; was just as excruciating. Then you really will let her come," pursued Mrs. Dulcimer, pretending to make sure of his consent.. " Clement Dulcimer is a gentleman I greatly respect> and you. are the most amiable of women. I cannot see why I should forbid'my daughter coming to you if you like to be troubled with her. But I must make it a condition that you do not take her anywhere else—that she is to come to your house and yours alone." Most assuredly. I shall consider your wishes upon .that point sacred," protested Mrs. Dulcimer, delighted with her success. She called on Beatrix the next day, and carried her off to the Vicarage. The girl had been carefully educatedby conscientious Miss Scales, andknew everything that a girl of her age is supposed to know, except the theory of music. She conld have en lightened the Vicar about latitude and longitude, and; the subjunctive mood in various languages. But she had all the de ficiencies and peculiarities of a girl whose life had been lonely. She was proud and shy—what the Vicar caUed/mweAe, and it was a long time before her new friendd could set her at ease. But when she dis expand they grew very, fond of her, and" that new life at the vicarage was like the beginning of her youth. She had never felt herself young before. Miss Scales' prim perfection,had been like a band of iron about her life. Her father's gloom and hardness had weighed upon her like an actual burden. She had waked in the night sobbing, roused from some dim strange dream of an impossible happiness, by tne recollection that she had a father who.had never loved her, whomever would love her. This hardness of her [father had ^gradu ally hardened her feelings towards him. She had left off hoping for any change in him, and with the -cessation of hope came a stream of /bitterness which overwhelmed every sweet and filial sentiment. As she greisv from child to woman, her memories of jke " past took a new shape. Well re membered scenes acted themselves oyer again before her mental vision'under a new "and more yivid light. She began to see tliat there bad been unbappiness in her mother's life—and that her father had been tlieicause of it-^that the cloud had always come from him. " Brief episodes of that bygone life flashed back upon her .with a cruel distinctness. She remembered herself leaning on her mother's'shoulder one evening as Mrs. Harefield sat at the drawing-room piano weaving the sweet tangle of Italian melody she loved so well. It was a summer twi light,, and the.windows were all open, the . garden was full of. roses, the river shining' under the setting sun. . . She remembered her father's coming in suddenly, and walking up to the piano. He took her by the wrist with a hard strong hand that hurt her a little. "Go to yoiir governess," he said. "I want to talk to your, mother.". And then, before she could reach the door, she heard him say, *' So you have seen Antonio again." These words haunted her curiously now that she was growing a woman. Who was Antonio ? She could remember no one, in the history of her life to whom that name belonged. It was an Italian name—the name of one of those Italian friends of her mother's who came and went, in those me mory pictures, like figures in a dream. She could not distinguish one from the other. They had all pale dark faces, like ivory that had been shut from the light, and dark gleaming eyes, and hair. like, the shining • wings of the rooks : in the tall old elm tops, yonder. "But she Could not recall any one of them who had impressed her—a wonder ing child of seven—more than the rest. Yes, there was one—the one who sang so . beautifully. ..She could remember sitting on her mother's lap one: evening before dinner —the room dimly lighted—no one present. but her mother and the Italian gentlerhari. ;She jremembered his sitting at the piano and : singing— church music—music that thrilled her,' till 'im a nervous ecstacy, she . burst into tears, and her mother , soothed , her and earned her away, saying some thing to the strange gentleman in Italian as ' she went towards the" door, and he got: up from the piano. and came; to them; and stopped on the threshold to bend down and kiss her, as she had never been kissed be fore in all her life; She bould remember the liiss now^though it was tenyearS ago.; And-he said something in Italian, some • thing that seemed half ' sorrow and half anger. •• ' ' ; ; ; Was that Antonio;?' . Y Her mothers, room bad never been opened . by any one huh Christian Harefield since his return to the Water House after "that last fatal journey / There was something ghostly in the idea of those iooms facing the riverj those three locked.doors hi the Jong dak gallery/ Beatrix passed those sealed doorS always with a thrill of pain. If her mothjerhad hut lived—how different, how different life would have been for her. Therd would. have heett'sorrow, perhaps— , for she Mew'therehad;been sorrow in the last year: of her mother's life—hut they two would have shared it. c They would have clung, tonach other closer; loved each other morej fondly,, because of the husband and father's uhlnndness.,,; . .! . . "What-woidd pupa, matter, to me if I had mamma?" she thought. "He Would he ouly a gloomy person coming in and out* like the-dSafk brief night whidh comes in and outamong the summer days. We-shouldnot. have j minded him. ;We should have ac •cepted him as a part of nature—the shadow that, made our sunshine brighter;" Often'aud often slie sat on' the hench on . the river terrace, leaning ,back with heii amis folded above lie^head, „lpobing; up at those iseven blank "windows—darkly shut tered—three windows for the spacious old bedroom—one' for the harrow dressing closet—three for1 thie pretty mdrnin'gh'Oom which' shevepiembered dimly—a white panelled rSoin. .with pales, blue curtains all worked : with,"birds andi flowers: in .many colore^, silks—black andgold Japanese cabi-. . net&r-a; tally chunneypiece with a curious old lobking-glass above it, let into the' wall ' —picturesr^-ahd red ahd'blue, china jarsY a. faint odor of- pot pourri—a 'frame for, Berlin, wool Work —with, a group of un-i finished loses that never .seemed to grow any bigger. ' - " Dearroom," she' said," to think' that I" should) live-so near you—pass your door every day-r-and yetremember you so faintly, vjas.if youwereadreamt" v Once a curious fancy flashed upon her as she sat in the evening £low, lodlfing up at these windows. .; << Perhaps Antonio's picture is'in that1" room." •" r : She had just recollected a miniature: in a velvet case which she had opened one day —the picture of a gentleman. She had only glanced at it, when her mother took the case from her and put it away. The com plexion was more beautiful .than Antonio's —supposing the gentleman who sang ther r church music to have been Antonio?—hut then people's complexions in portraits- are generally superior to the reality. I i Rind ha her friends at the vicarage werey Beatrix never talked to them of these old memories. The pastyrasa sealed hook. Not for worlds could she'hhve spoken of itr— even to Isabella, with whom'die conversed as freely, in a general way, as a little girl talks to her doll. . Ihe new home life at the vicarago brightened her wonderfully. Her reserve wore off as she grew accustomed to that friendly household. She was enraptured with Mr. Dulcimer's library—her father's* book-shelves being as inaccessible for her «. as the "Vatican. Here, on the Vicar's well- ' stocked shelves she found those Italian, poets her mother must have loved—prose writers too—quaint old romances in white vellum, on curious ribbed paper, printed at . -Venice two hundred years ago. She spent many an hour sitting on a hassock in the sunny bOw window, with a pile of those old1 Italian hooks on the floor beside her—while the Vicar sat at his big table annotating Berkeley—or making excursions into the world of science. . Here she read the .Bridgewater Treatises, and got her first grand idea' of the universe. harrow track afong which Miss Scales had conducted it, ana Centered the regions 'of'' poetry and delight.. And here-- in,-thia sunny old room, with its walls of hooks and its shabby heterogenous furniture—'Young. Love took her by the hand, and led her; across the threshold of her wonder-world. Here, she first met Gyril Culverhousey and learnt how fair a thing piety may seem in a -bright young soul eager, to do.some good in its generation. Religion, hitherto, as inter preted by Miss Scales, had appeared to her: a hard and difficult business which; no one could take to except under severe pressure —a system of punishments and penances in vented for the torment "of mankind; ' But in' Cyril's teaching how different it all se'emed!" Religion became a sentiment to live- or- die for—without it happiness or peace of mind' seemed impossible. . " Your mamma belonged to the old"faith, perhaps," he said one day,, when they were talking of High and Low Church. Beatrix gave a faint shiver. " I don't know," she answered- sadly., , " Mamma never talked to me about religion. I was too young, perhaps." ! Cyril found her curiously ignorant of all that was most vital in religion, ahd his • first interest in her "arose'from this very ignorance of hers. 'He wae so glad to .set her right—to get her out of the narrow Scales track, Miss Scales being essentially Low Church, and scenting Roman en croachments in an anthem or a sur plice. The interest" soon deepened, but he could hardly, have told when it . first grew into love. Perhaps that might never have come if Beatrix's fresh young soul had not gone out to meet his unawares, so that ere he knew himself a lover he found himself beloved. : . The thought was full of rapture, for at this stage of their friendship she seemed to him ; the most perfect among women—the lovely, embodiment of youth and innocence,T... mid hoble yeaijnmgs, truthfulness^ purity,' all things fair add holy. But the considers- ; tion l that she was Christian Harefield's heiress dashed: his y>y.: He. sawhitixself in . advance branded in the sight of men as the clerical-'adventurer, who, under the guise of religion, had-^pushed his own fortune. -: Tfyen it was—wlule it: was still a new thing for them to' talk of their mutual love: —that he told Beatrix1 her father must be informed of their attachment,: V; ' ; ; (To le continued.)' : . " : At a recent ineetiiig of' the Council of Education it was resolved that thelnspectora.: should be.7 instructed to specially report on schools examinad by them whien the percentage-., of passps was exceptionally high or low.; :The" first pf,.these reports Was sent in op,Monday,. : August 27, in both cases the result being excep-. tioually high. Mr. 0. J. Webb, of.Mitcham, % obtained 90*44 per. cept., and Mr. Kemp; .of . Mflang,88-05. ... > -.-V, .i> . ;..r The following are1 the hancKcaps for' the;. ^ ' Athletic Sports to be held- on' the Exhibition ;V .Groundsin connection writh the Eight Hohrs*; . ., celebration on Friday nOxt' 1 - . 150 Yards Flat Race, for Boys. under 17.—A. King, scratch; H. Cooke and J, A Perry, 2 ; yards) S.Kibgslyand T. Smith,*4 yards;..Wr James,P. Radford, and W. Bawhey, 5 yards; W. S.lByrne, 7 yards. " 440 Yards Flat -Race.—F. Goldiner, scratch ; W. Francis, W. Samels, and W. A.: White,- -12 , yards; G. Wright and J; WhifctleseS, 15 yards; " W; GoodfellOw, H, .CrlwiD, and P. • Mulvale,18 yards; A.Thomas,25 yards; A. Ward, 30yards.. 100;Yards Flat Race^—J. H. Cowardtod S. J. James, scratch ; Wv Samels and J.&awen.; ; yards; J.'Morcom and H,.Sadler, 3 yards; W;; R Francis, W. White, T. -C. Beadnall, J. Ellard» and- 5. Urlwin,4 yards; F. Rowe, J, Mipney," W. Hogg, J. Mabbet, R. J. Crafterj and F.;;• Regaufd, 5 yards ;. J.- Whittlesea, C.C. Thomas, J. J. Ward, N. G. Chllinan, J. .W. Babbage; W. : King, and W. Wright, 6 yards; S. Gogaa, J. Jackson, andr-P. Mulvale,-7 yards ; J. A. Perry and W. Bawheyv8yardsi ; - . ) v, L Running High Jump.—E. Oolbey^ scratch; A.JIehrtens, 1 inch; F. Furnell,*2 inches; A...., CLeary and J. Barnett;3 inches. .. 220 Yards Flat Race.—P. -Qpldiner,. scratch. ,-J. H.-Coward and.S. J. JameB, 2 yards^J. Gawen, H. Sadler and F. Beadnall, d^yprds; J. .. . .Ellardj and" H.- Uii\vin»-8 yards; J. 'Bbwe, J. Minnev, F. Eegaurd J. Whittlesea, 10 yards; A. Thomas, F. W. Babbage and j. J. Waid, 12 yards;; J. Jackson and P. Mulvale, 14 yards;': W.KihgtJ5 yards. - ; .. -..?£ .n: One j Mile Walking Match.—T. Eldridge ani - ie H. Hawk.es,. scratch. R. Foale and L. F.- - —;-: . Sillitoe, 50 yards; ;E. Whittlesea, 75 yards; T. . - Harvey and E. Yick, -80 yards ;W. S. Bowa, - ~ "100 yards. J.-.''■ '-A;1-1- .u-: 150 Yards Backward Eace.-^-H. Morcom, "scratch; .J.;Cooke, 8. yanda jrHv Hawked Wkl; T„ Beadnall,' 10 yards; J. Rankine and J. ■ larner, 12 jardsj/AroTOrmy, 14 yards1;' ?; - • Crump and W. S. Byrne,-15 yards;- - .;: a1 - •• . Gne Mile-Race.—T. Sismany. scratch; V •' Dimcon and W. "White,25yards;> J. Whittlesea; 30 yards; E. Cox, 75: yards; J; Macnamari£ 80 yards; J..Adibfe 00 yards. . ,v.. - - 250\. Yards Hurdle Race.—rP; J. Hawke, scratch; A> Mehctbas, 3 yards ; E. Colbey, l0 yards;: W,-Goodf .80 SYards Three-legged Race.—Colbey and [ ;Mehrteo8,.Gcr»tch; H, s^nd J. HawkSs, Syards; ' . | Sutton iand Barnett, 8 yards; Bawhey and l,Cook,lQ yards; ^sny«ndtSmith,12 yards. •" £ i ; If-h.-lrO'-R; 2rr.»'"0 