LITERATURE. OLD NEW ZEALAND. Old New Zealanj), a Talk of the Good Old Times ; axj) a Hisroiiv or the War in the North against the Chief IIekb, in the Yt.au. 1S45. By a Pakeha Maori. 'With au Introduction by the Bail of Pem broke. London : Richard Bentley and Son. The ' Pakeha Maori,' wliichmeans an old European settler famLiarly at home with the native race of New Zealand, has long been no stranger to English readers. The iiiat of the two little books now republished to- \ gcthcr iu one volume was noticed by us in December j 18G3. The other has found acceptance in the colony ! as a life-like sketch of Maori warfare, drawn from the j oral testim -ny o; native eye-witnesses, and presented in the form of an historical narrative ?' told by an old chief of theXegapuhi tribe.' Lord Pembroke, when he visited New Zealand, made the author's personal acquaintance. For our own part, having made his litorarv ac luauitance some time hefnrp. we rlirl -nnt need the introduct'on which Lord Pembroke has thought fit to write. His Lordship omits to men tion, either iu th se pages of his own writing or in the title- page, a former publicatieii of the Pakeha Maori s work. This o nission may be puzzling to some readers, but will not be misleading, since he gives, though without due explanation, the author's brief ' pielaee to the original edition.' The pub lishers u[ 0:1 that occasion were Messrs. Smith and El er. The second part of this volume, ' The War against Hek.e,' was a separate publication. As Lord Pembroke's slight contribution to this volume is the only part ef its contents that is new, it demands the first word of comment. Its tone and spirit have ali eady brought upon him an expression of disap proval from one whose practical experience of the sub jei-t began long before Lord Pembroke was born. Mr. James Uuller.acolonistof forty years' standing, now in England, does not yet think, with Lord Pembroke, that ' the bubble of Mao i civilization has burst.' He, too, has lived among the Maories, and has known the 31 nearly as long, if not so intimately, as the Pa eha Maori himself. ' They are,' in Mr. 13uller's judgment, 'a peaceable, intelligent, and honest peop'e, dangerous only when under the frenzy of a ?war api it.' Tne political constitution of New Zealand assumes their loyalty. Six of the Maori chiefs have have seats in the colonial Parliament — four in the House of Hepresentatives, elected by Maori votes, iind two in the Legislative Council, nominated by the Governor. We may add that two others, Wiremu Katene and Wi Parata, lately held offrce as Cabinet Ministers, -without an administrative department. It is true that the aggregate Maori population is still de c reusing ; but Mr. Huller does not think it likely that they will wholly disappear. Tliere is a section of the race, inhabiting the less accessible districts of the North Island, which has never consented to adept European -ways of living, and which was in active rebellion a few years ago. In the mountain and forest country up the Waika to and 'Waipa ri ere, and Lake Ta:ipo, the nu i.bes of the people are rapidly dwindling, from causes of physxal and moral de_,ene ration frequently explained. But there are hopes of a better fate in store for some tribes dwelling within the pale of the colonial Government. In the neighbour hood of Auckland, the ThameB gold- fields, and Napier, on the east coast, and like wise on the west coast oi'the province of 'Wellington, the social and domestic con dition of the Maoris shows a substantial improvement, tjir Donald M'Lean. Minister for Native Affairs, re ports this fact with much satisfaction in the oilicial Handbook of last year. He furni-hes statistics also of the education of Maori children, referred to by Mr. BuUer, in schools partly maintained by the State, but ca erly sought by the natives and aided by their voluntary gifts. Lord Pembroke eeeins to have gathered no information concerning these matters when he was in New Zealand He seems quite content with having somewhat ha tily assured himself of the failure of Christian missions, as applied to the soute of that variety of mankind. It is notoriously the case that, in tiie agitation preceding the war of 1SG4, the former apparent influence of such missions in the disturbed localities was suddenly lost. A part of their teachings, that chielly derived from the Old Testament, was misappropriated bjr the Maori heathen priesthood or college of prophets. They mixed it up with their horrible incantations, forming a monstrous compound, the ITau-hau religion, to consecrate the direst orgies of slaughter. They are also said to have used the ieaves of their New Testament* for the mak ing of cartridges. This appears to us neither so good a jest nor so good an argument against mis:- ions as it seems tc Lord Pembroke. Nor can we admit the 1'akcha Maori's ludiirous story of hiB parade ot hymns a^.d jrrayers on a battle-field as a proof that the native nviud is incapable of higher religious culture. Our pr ncipal objection, indeed, to Lerd Pembroke's Aippant remarks upon the state and prospects of that 1 a e under British Government is not one of taste or feeling. It i- merely that he does not appear to know the existing facts of the case. It must be several years now since he amused himself in New Zealand with the humorov.B gossip of his clever Irish host, that most ' cha iuing talker ' whom he styles ' the Lever of New Zealand.' Fiom the date of a birth recorded in the ' Pee age ' it might be computed that the mind of tlrs young traveller was then scarcely ripe for sett ing the difticult problem of Maori civilization. But the cruiieness of his first impressions should hac had time enough to mellow before he wrote the present introduction to a book which was received at its due worth some thirteen years age. The Pakeha Maori, for his part, entertains us -with his budget of queer anecdotes, aud his droll comment ary upon them, in a mood very different from that of L'.Td Pembroke. He is very much more amusing, at any rate ; he is an avowed humorist* whose peculiar way of making fun is to profess himself a thorough going admire- of 6avage life. Notwithstanding his allegiance to Queen Victoria and to the established Church of England, he becomes an early c invert to the ethical and political system of the independent Maori nation. He is relu tint to give up its effica cious simplicity for the colonial institut'ons an ! man ners of the existing New Zealand. The elaborate pursuit of this grandimaginative joke through fifteen discursive chapters upon the custun.'S, hab^te, and notions of the Maori race, and his personal exploits among them, is rather orerdone. It nece^sarily involvesa forced display of egotism, with an affected pride in the murcu'.ar heathenism of his youth, which might displease the reader who failed to recollect that the PaVeha Maori is an Irishman after all. But, as a gratuitous and highly original piece of literary mysti fication, we find it a to'erable performance of its kind. He does not go the length of praising, or even excus ing, the notmouspracticeof cannibalism, with respect to which his confessions or revelations, whatever his actual experience may have been, are very scanty indeed. Nor does he admit the slightest inclination to put faith in the objects of Maori religious superstition, beyond a faint suspicion of Satanic agency being sometimes lent in aid of its piiestly conjurors. These seem about equal to the Spiritualist mediums of New York and London, addressing probably the same aveia/e degree of intelligence in their customers or disciples. The most noteworthy featu es, however, in the native institutions of the Maori people all over New Zealand ha. e been fully des ribed by several graver ?writers One feature 'of considerable practical im portance t - our colonization was the diversity and confusion of pretended native titles to land. The settler « ho wanted to buy an estate was perplexed with a multitude of fantastic claims of all 6Otts, which he had to pay off. It is probable that the Maoris had nerer, till the white man offered to purchase, con ceived the notion of individual ownership of land ; they regarded it aB the joint property of a tribe or sept. When the chiefs of the tribe had been bribed to sen its common Heritage, every member who was sharp enough would make bold to ask for some little compensation on his own account. This has been the most frequent cause of our serious disputes and wars with the natives of New Zealand. But they have an exact appreciation of personal property, subject to the peculiar liabilities of ' Muru ' and 'Tapu,' -which are here exhibited in a comica' point of view. The Muru is a legal custom by which all the goodB and chattels of a Maori who has unluckily ouended by mere inadvertence against thtir social conventions, or has injured anybody even by accident, are forfeited OilU OUailUVHCU iU gCUCillL piUUUCl. ±L UlUSt UC U.JOL1J1 guished from the ' Utu,' which is a compulsory pay ment of damages, or a pecuniary mulct for 'acts of wilful wrongdoing. The Tapu is a process of arbitrary sequestration of property from profane uses, solemnly ousting its original possessor, either in the name of religion or in favour of a privileged aristocracy ; the class of chiefs or nobles, called 'rangatira,' being entitled to appropriate any movable article by a word or touch. Their persons are consecrated by' another operation of the Tapu, and are so dedicated to the chivalrous exerches of warfare that no Maori gentleman is allowed to carry any sort of load upon his back. The bodies of the dead and their gra- es, the field-crops at harvest- time, and other cherished interests of the community are guarded by a Tapu of severe obliga t:on. These institutions, as well as the practices of Maori soothsayers and necromancers, vividly described by the author, would perhaps merit some considera tion in any comparative inquiry respective primitive ideas of superhuman authority operating as sanctions of social law. The second part of this volume is a Bort of Maori Iliad, but with very little of the miraculous or mytho logical element. The spirit of epic poetry is not wholly absent from it. Its historical truth, so far as we are aware, has not been impugned, and the inci dents related are quite consistent with the most authentic accounts of native modes of warfare. The conflict waged in 1845 against the newly e.tablished British Government by a portion of the Bay of Islan 's tribes, under the valiant leadership of Hone Heke, was not an affair of magnitude like the war of 1864 ; but its experiences were flattering to the national pride of the Maoris, who found that English soldiers and sailors were not invincible in the field, or at least before a stiff palisade, and that a good many of them might be killed or wounded. The repulse of Colonel Despard's first and too confident attack on the Ohaea ?wae Pa, with the ineffective use of rockets and other artillery, and the fall of several gallant officers, left an unfortunate impression on the native mind. The campaign, such as it was, like some actions of later date, seemed to the Maori warriors and politicians somewhat undecisive, and a large share of its mi itary honours was ascribed to our native allies. These, indeed, ruled and led by an eminent chief of the Ngapuhe. the lately deceased Thomas Walker Nene, behaved very well upon that occasion, and have since been unshaken in their loyalty. In general, we un derstand fri.m high official testimony, the Maori tribes have always shown a praise worthy fidelity to pledges once given of alliance or political allegiance. But it is a natural and pardonable indulgence of feeling that prompts ' an old chief of the Ngapuhi tribe,' one who fought against Heke, to recite the brave deeds of that hero and his comrades with enthusiastic admira tion. How the guard of the fort and flagstaff were surprised at Kororadka, the standard thrice cut down, the Pakeha houses sacked in 6pite of the ships firing in the harbour, the red-coat fighting men b Idly met in siege and open battle, this Nestor of old New Zea land is proud to tell. The remarkable skill and industry of the native military engineers are shown in the fortifications of the Ohaeawae Pa. This pa had its stockade of massive timber f.mr fathoms high, faced with an outer framework which was stuffed with green flax to deaden the force of the musket balls. The defenders stood in a trench behind the stockade, their heads only above ground, and fired through loopholes at the bottom of the fence. There were bastions or projecting angles from which they coull shoot at the assailants in flank. The gar rison inside were themselves protected from a flanking fire by traverses, and could also take shelter in casemates, whic'i were pits roofed with logs or beams and earth laid over them. Similar fortresses were constructed by the Mao is of other districts in the last war, and could not easily be redu-ed except by a bombardment with shell fron Armstrong guns. No mere barbarian race has any where given more signal proofs cf a real talent for the art of war, as well as of manly courage and a warlike spirit. They would pluck the burning fuse out of a bombshell, to save the powder for their own muskets. A man whose leg was carried off by a cannon-ball made a jest of it with his comrades, exclaining, ' Look here, the iron has run away with my leg ; what playful creatures those cannon-balls are 1 ' The mortal combat of nauraki, the voung Hikutu chief, with llari, the chief of Kapotai, is told in a Biinply Homeric strain. Haurati, after being shot through the body, kills his antagonist and IiiJcs himself in the fern all night. He sees in vision the ghost of his most famous warrior ancestor, ' half-god and half-man,' bidding him arise and escape the dis grace of capture. The -wounded hero rises, and travels a long way alone through the forest, then finds a canoe on the river, aud paddles down the stream to the ees, landing at a friendly house in the bay. He is taken home to die, aud the funeral rites have a pathetic air which recalls some passages of our own chivalric romances, such as the ♦' Morte d'Aithur.' 1'c Aim, the best 6pearraan of his tribe, springing to and fro before t e dead body, speaks alternately upon either si ie, 'Farewell, Hauiau! Go, ta e your virtues with you, leaving' none behind like you.. Your death was noble ; you revenged yourself with your own hand ; 3*ou saved yourself wit iout the help of any man. Your life 'was short, but bo it is with heroes. Fare .veil, O Hauraki: farewell.' Then conies thenight, when the sister and wife of Hauraki sit by the river side, veeping silently, and Bpinning a flaxen cord to strangle themselves, ' And as they did this, the moon rose. So when the sister of Hauraki baw the rising moon, she broke silence, and lamented aloud.' It is well for the moon, she say-, that it can return from death, and shed its light again on the little waves of the ttrearn. But the dead of mankind return no mo ? e, and the light of this world is lose to her wh - mourns ; and so she dies of grief. — Saturday Reikic. 