MY STORY. For six years I struggled with tho world— now as seamstress, now as nursery governess. Then Heaven e.une to my relief. My education was of the thorough, rather than the superficial, order. 1 loved books and mastered tkom readily. 1 also had consider able talent for imparting my own knowledge toothers. Madame Favard, whose fashionable seminary I quitted with honours, on my seventieth birthday, remembered these facts, and, chancing about this time to iioar of my difficulties, she wrote and offered me a vacant. place in her school. It was the firstreal gleam of sunshine which had come ts mo since my father's death. I knew Madame. She was warm-hearted and generous—in the old days I had been iier acknowledged favourite. 1 hurried to her eagerly, and she received me with open arms. : " My poor child!" she cried, " what havo you not suffered! You a seamstress! I shudder at. tho thought! You a nursery governess! Any mother of grown sons would be your enemy at first sight. Governesses, my dear, should be middle-aged—and ' ug!y- " I went back to the little dormitory which had been mine six years before, How old and strange I felt—how like the ghost of the I girl who had ouca dreamed her happy dreams in the same nest! While I was brushing the dust of travel from my raiment the supper- | bell rang. - I hastened to answer its summons, and at the top of the staircase stumbled over a child—one of the pupils—sitting there in the ' dtm light, with a book in her hand. She arose, and showed me a dark, fiery little face, .with black .liair, braided like a mandarin's, and small browu ears, hung with brilliauts of great size and purity. " Ah," cried she, with a foreign account, " you are the new teacher. I wanted to be the first to see you—so I* waited here." ; " Indeed !" I answered, smiling. And who are you 1" ; She slipped her brown baud into mine, and skipped with hie down the stairs. " I am Anita Dane—the girls call ma the little South American. I hate the girls—I ;hate everybody in this pls.ee but Madame. But I shall like yon—you are nice—you are like the white images in the church at Rio. I will let you kiss me, if you wish." Moved by such condescension, I kissed her promptly and we entered the supper- room to gether. Madame looked surprised • and pleased, and took early occasion to whisper in my oar, " She is a little Brazilian—the spoiled heiress of fabulous wealth. She is altogether unmanageable, and gives me no end of trouble. If you can obtain any mas tery over her, I shall rejoice." That night, when the lights were all out, a ghost opened the door and walked into my dormitory—a very small gh»st, with black 'hair struggling over her night dress, and bare, brown feet, that weut. pit-a pat on the carpet. " Miss Howth," it said, in a sepulchral whisper, " let me coins into your bod, please't Idouotlike to sleep with tho girls. They tease me. I will be very, very good—I will lie quite still, and not kick at all. Dear, darliug Miss Howth, let ine in 1" I could not resist the appeal. She crept under tho counterpane—this brown Anita, with her jewelled ears and foreign: accent— and fell asleep with arms clasping my neck. The next day the child, with all her be longings, was removed to my room—given over as it were, to my charge. Her attach ment to me was as genuine as it was violent. She was nil incarnate tempest—as full of whims and tantrums as tlesh and blood am be, but a word or look of mine was enough to tame her iu her stormiest mood. She had been at the school a year, and was, as I soon discovered, Madame's most profitable pupil. Her father was an American merchant, of Rio ; her mother a Portuguese heiress, who had brought him great wealth. The wild tropic nature of her maternal ancestry wits the child's lawful inheritance. She would talk to ine by the hour togethor of her Brazilian home—of the fields of coffee and oane, and cocoa groves and forest of India-rubber trees, tho tame moukeys, .the ..pet. cockatoo over whose plumage she had wept wild tears at parting, and the Portuguese mother—a fine lady and ail invalid—for whom my brown Anita seemed to care but little With great freedom she confessed her . likes and dislikes. • " I adore papa," olie said, "and Jack. My heart is just large enough to hold those two in Brazil, and you herein Massachusetts, Miss Howth— nobody else can get into it. Did Madame tell you I -waa rich? Indeed, I am. I have more money to spend than all the other girls in the school. But I don't care for motiey—Xlike letters best—long letters from papa and Jack. Papa tells mo to be good, and learn my lessons, and mind Madame.: But Jack—oh I do love Jack, Miss Hu\rti<J—just says, be jolly and do not get homesick. He will take care of the ocokatoo, and the monkeys, and- papa till 1 come back." " Who'is Jack?" 1 asked, while she brought me' a photograph of her father—a fair super cilious' gentleman in white waistcoat and trousers," smoking a cigar on a loug vora.il dah. " Jack is my cousin," said \nita, her black eyea all aglow, " and papa's partner. He has coffee-fields, and llanos covered with cattle. He lives with us at Rio. Everybody is fond of Jack." , I had been at tho school six months, and the attachment betwiit myself and the little Brazilian was increasing steadily with time, when,'sad to relate, the child fell ill of small pox.' The winter holidays had just begun ; and, fortunately, the majority of the pupils were absent. Such as remained fled iu liot hasta, and Madame with thgni. No nurse could be procured, and little 'Anita, a very sick and helpless creature indeed, was left alone in the deserted house with me. " Oh, Heaven," cried Madame, " it cannot do, Miss Howth, thijt you mean to remain here at the peril of your life, and—what wo women value more—your beauty!" I smiled. "Yes, madnine. To desert her now would be a poor return for all her fondness, With your permission, I will stay." " You brave creature!" cried shedding genuine tears. " You quite put ma to shame." "Not at all," I answered. "You have other duties, otherties—Ihavenone. Tiiere is nothing in the world nearer or dearer to me than this child. How natural, then, that I .should wish to remain with her!" Madame embraced tnc and went her way, and for a fortnight after little Anita lay nicely balanced betwixt life and deatii. Day and uight I w.Vehed bgsjdp her—my only sleep was taken at her btuUide, and it was this faithful oarfl, J. suppose, combined with a constitution naturally good, which baftjed the disease at hist, and brought her out of its perils triumphantly. The house was cleansed and fumigated, and I placed iu quarantine till it was plain that both my life and good looks were safe, and when all danger of contagion was over .Vful.utie and herlloek returned, and the even tenour of our ways went mi as before. As for my little Brazilian, her former love for me seeui'^i p.ow to increase tenfold. It was a tempestuous little iie»rt, but a very grateful and tender one. The American father at Ri" wrote me a nice letter full of polite thanks, and .signed " Phillip Dane." The Portuguese mother sent me a sandal j wood box, containing two Indian shawls of i matchless texture, a necklace of Brazilian gold, and a variety of costly nick-nacks, allot" which she begged mo to accept for her dear daughter's sake. When these treasures arrived at thosehool I was t-heenvy of teachers and pupils alike. " Will you wear them?" said Madame. " No indeed. Thoy are far too grand for me," 1 answered, and so kissed Anita, and put the grateful mother's offerings carefully away. But the child's iljness had left her as frail a»)d thin as a bit .of thistieidown. When the summer heats came, the physical) ordered her to the sea-iids. "Miss Howth," said Madame, some one must go with her—it is needless to say who. 1 have secured apartments for you at a delightful cottage among friends of inv own. You, loo, are looking pale and worn. You need a change quite 03 much as the child," So I went to theseasidp with little Anita— to tho very spot where, seven years before, I had fo? a few glad weeks reigned belle, and waltzed my heart away in Chester Thorpe's arms. That experie»os seenjeti to njo now like a con/used dream. The fashionable hotels were removed fro in a cousiderabledistancefromtho cottage where Anita and I took up our abode. I was glad of this, as it greatly lessoned my chances at meeting in mir long itrnlls upon the beach any of those people vii'-m I had known ill I moro prosperous days. I had utterly out lived the past, and did not care to encounter so much as .1 ghost of it. VVo wore sitting on the hoach one day— I my pupil and I —she busy wi;h a largo piece of seaweed, I reading a lionk 111 .r he shadow of a neighboring rock. It was. vile fashionable hour for driving; and presently we In-ard a .sound of laughter and voices and clattering hoofa, and lo ! an open carriage full of ladies Hashed by, followed by two or three gentlemen, superbly mounted. As they passed our windy nook. 0110 of the spiri ted horses took suddeu fright ut a scarf which was flowing fro 111 Anita's hat, and be gan to plunge and curvet like a mad thiug. His ridor, who had,fallen somewhat behind the others, called out,,- angrily, " Qe out of the way, you there, oryonwill be trampled upon." ' ■ •.!■ ! >■>' Tspraiig up aiid rani to the child, snatching the obnoxious scarffrbm her hat. The horse was so close that the foam' from tlie bit was blown in.d white streak across uiy dross. "Good fieaveu !" his rider cried out sharply, and slipping from the saddle, ho stood before,me—im elegant figure, iu light summer garments, with the hot sunshine streaming on his fair and yellow beard. " Can it be Miss Ilowth ?" ho said in a low, shaken voice. " Yes," T amwered. " it is Miss Howth and I lifted my untliuching oyea straight to the face of Chester Thorpe. He was altogether unchanged. The same could not be said of myself, yet ho knew 1110, it seemed. He held his restive brute with an unsteady hand. "You are stopping here1!" lie faltered. " Here in the old place, Trixy?" "Yes, with my pupil," I answered, and motioned to little brown Anita, who was staring at us both with round black eyes. "It is the first holiday I have had for years." There was a silence. It was an unexpec ted meeting, and he ncededa little time, per haps, to collect his thoughts. He loaued against his borae, his blue eyes fiiod on my face. • •' I heard you were engaged in someladies' seminary," he said, aud a shudder went over ; his patrician figure. "'Heaven knows it is bad enough, for mento be forced to work 111 this world; but for women — women like you—horrible! 9ow,liko ,you,;are, and yet how unlike, the Trixy of old; 1 I answered notfa word,,only lpokocl at him, J trying, to throw iuto my eyes ;someof the scorn ,j whichKilled me. I >:■! :■■■■>;:\ ■ •. " You thought me false andmeatiand mercenary;1 did'you not'/"-lie burst out, ' " I was all of that-—and more. Yet T loved youy Trixy—yes, by iiiy souT,:bet;ter than I ever did, or ever shall, love another. But I was to > indolent, too cowardly, to face poverty with you—L hate, the jade, and all her ways. L am, and shall always.be, a drone in.the great hive. It is . not ill your nature, to. understand a confession like this, I sup-, pose!":: ' , "True?" I answered.. •. " Trixy,! I wouderif, at this late day; I may venture to ask-you to forgive me?" -■ 1 ; " There is nothing to forgive," said I:' " It is well'that you iicted'exactly as you did. The matt&ris; niit worthrecalling'.",. . ' • > He,did nofc like this view of the subject— he gnawed his hp. ' 1, All, don't deal retributive justice out to. 1110 in such a tone. ; My friends have .disftp peare.d, I see.. Perhaps you will let me walk in>me'with youT' .i It was time to go, so I took Anita's hand, and in the hot noontide he strolled with us across the. beach,5 leading 'his horao by the lnidle. ; - ■ Before' we reached the cottage, I begun to say to myself, drearily, " Is it possible that T ever loved this man—possible that I was once ready to diet'b'ecaiiae I found him false and' contemptible?, I jCaii, hardly believe it.'f , \ At the gate he lifted his hat, and springing into the ^saddle,' said, hurriedly, " I shall come and see you here. Don't think too hard of me, Trixy. I am ashamed and conquered. 1 acknowledge your heroism and my own un worthiuess—let that suffice;" and, before I could answer, he had galloped away. Letters arrived from Rio that day—one from the Cousin Jack who was Anita's prime favourite. She rushed to me in great agita tiou, her black eyes dancing, her small brown face wild with delight. " He is coining, Miss Howth!" she cried. " Coming here to see me—Cousin Jack! Per haps he may bring the cockatoo with him. Read what he writes of you. Do you know what he means?" and she thrust into my hand a sheet covered with bold masculine charac ters, and, pointing to one particular paragraph, I saw the followiug words:— . "Y011 seem, to owe a great deal, to your teacher. Miss Howth. >,'So, also, do I—how much, I will tell you"'both Uvhen we meet. As soon as you receive :this, L shall, without I doubt, be with yon." • ■ "1 : :i " What does, he mean?" demanded Anita again. " What, does lie owe /you, "Miss Howth!" ... "I haven't an idea," I answered, smiling. "It must be his fondness foryou(which leads j him to write so mysteriously." | And then we began to make the cottage I ready for his coming. j My meeting with Chester Thorps gave me no disturbance. I slept soundly and sweetly that night, and at the usual hour next morn ing went out with Anita for our daily tumble in the surf—one of the salutary things for which she had been ordered to the sea side. Our bathing placo was a nice sandy strip of beach, within sight of the cottage, sheltered, and like an oven when the summer sun beat down upon it. The heat this morning was intense. There was not a breath of air stirr ing, and a few mutinoNs thunder- clouds al ready darkened the west. " Keep firm hold of my hand." I said to .Anita, "and don't tease 1110, dear—mv 1 head aches this morning." I My words were thrown away. She was as unmanageable in the surf as a young doluhin, and quite as fearless. I dreaded the bathing hour always, for everything that was unruly in the child broke loose then. She screamed and kicked and splashed about in the waves, trying to break from my restraint, aud grow ing furious because she could nwt. " 1 am like a cork, Miss Howth—I can't sink," alio would protest, but I never relaxed my vigilance. The sun beat down upon us mercilessly'. Anita's scarlet bathing-suit looked like a. ball of lire. Far away the sea shone like burning glass. The surf broke in long dazzling lines 011 the beach; my pupil tlung herself into its | foaming maw with great zest. " Here comes a wave all the way from Rio!" she shouted. " Look, Miss Howth! Thero's | something floating 011 it—a piece of palm or jacaranau aud with more strength than I thought she possessed she wrenched herself free and plunged oi|t to meet tho drift as it came tumbling in. I followed " Anita, came back—come back!" I cried, in terror. Shu laughod to find herself pur sued, aud redoubled her efforts to escape me. " Anita, you will bo drowned! If you love mo. or your father, or Cousin Jack, come back!" I implored. I put forth my utmost strength to reach her—I could almost grasp her dres3 ; but sheturned hereltish face fullof saucy defiance, and glided out of my reacli again, like a little snake. Then I heard a shrill cry, dying out inabubblinggroan. The littlefigurevanished, and 1 was left alone in the water. I swain to the spot where she had disappeared and dived for her. The first time nothing re warded nie but drift. I tried again, and my frenzied, groping ljand met another, limp and wee. I clutched and dragged it to the sur face, A sudden cramp had seized the child, She was senseless, and her little facelooked drawn and strange. Full of unutterable terror, I started for the shore. Far air ay it locked—yes, to my distortod vision, miles away. The hot sunshine turnod me giddy, a blurr fell 011 my sight. I felt a sudden singular weakness in every limb, as if the life was ebbing out of me. I was neither a strong woman nor an expert swim mer, aud over 1110 rushed a great thrill of despair. " I can never, never reach the shore!" I said to myself, as I struggled towards it with my burden. " We shall be drowned to gether!" The roar of the surf sounded like thunder in my ears. The far, iinpQSsible beach lay shining low in the situ. Figures were moving upon it. Did they see us iu our dreadful Bt.r_q.it ? 4uother moment, and tljp sunshipe fade4 from the water, and I seemed to be sinking in the blackness of darkness, out of tl|o fret. ting spume and clamorous tW of whiah » human face—the face of a man—flashed like lightning npon me. Ho waa coining towards uk swift nud Btoady, through the surf—a rigorous swimmer, tho roughly conscious of our danger. Was it Chester Thorp«.>f I felt —yea, knew that it must be, though 1 could not see his face. Ho had espied our peril from the bunch. His long strokes brought liiui nearer and nearer. My sight failed me—all wan darkness. " Save the eliild! Oh, Chester, save the child/" 1 said, or seemed to say, and 1 held out Anita's body, limp and lifeless ns sca n-red. " Yes, and you, also," he answered, but his voice was as the voico of a stranger—far oil, too, and hollow as a shell. 1 felt a hand close on ine firmly felt myself hurried through tumbling waters. " Courage!" he cried " It is all right now." And then 1 swooned asvay. When I opened my eyes again 1 was lying in my own chamber at the cottage. Over me bent the anxious face of my hostess. " Have you come to yourself at last!" cried she, in a voice of lively rulief. " Where is the child I" was my lirst cry. "Safe enough, -littles minx! Her pranks came near putting an end to you both. If the gentleman had not reached you just as he did, you would surely have drowned. I never had such a fright in my life." " Where is lie?" 1 cried. "I do not know. He walked away to wards the hotel. I was watching you at the window, and when I saw your first peril I ran out and screamed for help. He was coming along the beach at the moment, and he pulled oft'his coat and jumped at onco into the surf. He said ho would call by-and-by, when you were recovered; and tlieu he kissed the child and went away. Kissed Anita ! That was atFectionato. Weak and dejected, I lay and pondered the matter. Mrs. Joy brought my pupil, wrap ped ill blanket*., and put her on the bad be side me. She umbraced me with penitent fer vour, and nestled her brown faco in my nock. •' Dear, darling Miss Howth, who was that man ?" she whispered. " Mr. Thorpe," said I. " Bah, bah !" and sho made an awful gri imuo. " I hated liiui yesterday, when he came so near trampling me down — I hate him all the same to-day and alio bounced over ou the pillow and fell asleop. Night came in fain and tempest The sea was a vast upheaving waste of storm. Our rescuer had not yet appeared. Wo dressed, my pupil and I, and crept down stairs to take our tea before a great lire in the cottage par lour. The wind roared wildly outside, the sea thundered on the groaning beach, and darkness settled upou all things. It was iftor the meal, and I wassitting in the cheery blaze, with the child's head ou my knoe, telling her a story of, storm and shipwreck, when I heard Mrs. Joy call suddenly, "The gentleman, Miss Howtli ■!'*' and the door • ipeusd, and out t>f the raging darkness he— ,the- person towhom-we wero indebted — ovalked in. upon us. . Surprise s- ruck ruo dumb—Idid'not''stir or speakj1 neither did -xhe\chHU.;'\';HS°liad'i^vitiic«d to t'ie hearth— Chester' ThWpe but a stranger, with ft dark, rugged . face, and a grand head, from which the silky bluuk hair wav il loose and long. . He. had a sombrero in his hand, and in ore than thisl.had no time to aoe, for with a piercingisliriek Auita- sprang up from my knee. .• , j . ''Cousin Jack! Oh, Cousin Jack!" ahe cried, and flew into his aruis. L arose, like a woman in n dream. Ho came straight towards me, and held out his ■ hand. ' ' " How do you do, Miss Howth?" lie said. " No, don't apeak—I seo that you have for gotten 'me." - On,his openpalm lay a small jet; cross. He seemed to demand recognition for that, if not for himself. " No, I have not forgotten you," said I, ? lowly. "You are Mr. Dallas, the gentle man whom my father " An indescribable expression flushed Across bis dark face. " Do not say it! That which I then called ruin has proved to bo a blessing in disguise, Miss Howth. I was fast going to the dogs when tlio loss of that fortune arrested and— yes, made a man of me. I can stand before you to-night, and thank Heaven for it. It brought me to my senses—turned me from courses that 1 am now ashamed to mentiou. Come, will you not shako hands?" I gave him my cold, slim lingers. '• And was it you who rescued us from the surf out yonder?" I asked, quickly. "Yes. You are not sorry, I hope!" hean >wered, and stooped to caress the child, who was clinging to him clamorously. "But wo thought it was Mr. Thorpe," cried Anita— " the fair goutleinan—Miss Howth's lover, you know." I retired into the chimney-corner. How strango it all was! By-and-by Mr. Dallas followed me. Yon called me Chester out there in the water," said lie. " Was 1 so happy as to be, for one little moment, mistaken for your lover?" " 1 have no lover." I answered. " Put not your faith in Anita's conclusions." He stood beside me in the red glow of the fire, and, taking the jot cross from his pocket, fastened it to his guard-chain. " I breatho freely again. Look at this trinket, Miss Howth." I am looking. Is it possible that you have kept it all this time !" " Ay, and thereby hangs a tale. I carried it with me to Brazil. For seven years it had been my talisman." I fixed my eyes on the coals, and did not an.uier. He advanced nearer my chair, and Ilia lace was all aglow. "That night when you stood holding out to me your two pure hands, lifting t0 mine, in that dark hall, your young, sorrowful eyes —do you remember it ?—I left the lionso a changed man. My anger against your father died away. I emild only think of you. All that was base in me fled before your image, like devils from ail angel—all that was noble awoke to life and strength. It was you who lifted me from the slough in which I was wal lowing. It was you who revealed to 1119 a type of womanhood which I had nover bo fore known. I vowed to retrieve my losses, both of the earthly and the spiritual kind. And when I have done it, I said, I will go back to the States. 1 will lind her, where ever she may bo. I will tell her all that she lias unwittingly been to me, and I will ask her to place in mine, for all time, the two pure hands which she held out to me, in tears and shame and sacrifice, that night." A week after Chester Thorpe came up the cottage walk in the waHing afternoon, and stretched himself at my feet in the little porch, where, with a bit of needlework I chanced to be sitting alone. He looked ineffably hand some with his golden beard and fair Antinous profile ; but he surveyed me with a sort of dark anger. " There are strange rumours afloat at the hotel, Trixy, concerning you and that black Brazilian. Is it true that he is an old friend of yours—that ho ootnea here to see you!" " I met Mr. Dallas once seven years ago," I answered. " He visits this cottage, cer tainly, for my pupil is his cousin." Chester Thorpe started up, with a flash in his violet oves. " Trixy, 1 cannot bear this. I am madly jealous. If I loved you sevn yoara ago, I adore yon now. I cannot live without you. I will renounce this butterfly existence. I will become a worker, like yourself—do anything, ba anything, if you will but love and help me, Trixy." "Yon are too late!" answerda voice, deeper and stronger than mine, and through an open door behind us Jack Dallas stepped out into the porch. "You are too late, sir," lie re peated, as his brown hand closed upon mine, " for this lady is liiy promised wife." Chester Thorpe flashed one look at us both. The colour ebbed from his blond face. In spite of old-time memories, I pitied him then. " Is it true, Trixy]" ho cried. " It is true," I answered. " You lovo this man?" " Infinitely." He turned on his heel, and walked away down the little path paved with sea- shells. I never saw him agaiji, for a few days after I married Dallas, and with little Anita, who would not be left behind, sailed away to the far port of Rio. 4- young constable was recently lined £}5 i^ Melbourne, and his dismissal from the force recpmmerjded, fop having struck a man, whom IlB had arrested, and hoisting his arms with a v'ie-v to conveying him more easily tp the lopk up. It has been proposed to tax stays ; but it was objected to on the ground that it would diminish consumption. 