THE KCVElLtST. A MODERN MINISTER' Chapter XIV. ShlB.MISHlNU. "Mttecre ebcut, I think !" and Mr. Barnard pointed to the sky, a flash ol light Ba-jdeniy atireoMtig attention. " If yon will permit me, 111 take a tarn upon tbe lawn. This pb«n> meuori, like the Aurora Borealie, ic, very in. tereeticg." " By all means," eaid St Aubytr looking anxiously in the direction of the weather glass • " I fear we shall have a storm to night." He passed out, bareheaded, and, as though conscious of the direction, walked swiftly to that spot where the ehrube edged the clin. He beard a footstep to the right, and crouch ing like a beast of prey, Mrs. Brandon passed fain close, muffled and stealthy ; there was strong scent of turpentine, Bpints of wine, oil, and other inflammable substances upon her trail, and the man in ambush smiled grimly, and, when she had passed, leaned and looked down. There, far below, a torch, of impromptu make, still guttered ami flickered fitfully upon the cliS where it had fallen, sufficient, however, to reveal the cling ing figure of a man, who, completely over hanging tbe water, gesticulated and signalled for assistance. A yacht was lying off almost within speaking distance, the moonlight faread on its white sails and deck, woere a man outstretched at ease was smoking and locking at the stars; from this it-was evident the man in extremity had not been seen, nor the torch which Mrs. Brandon had hurled from the height as a beacon. Save for this flickering light, all the steep was clothed in darkness, while the yawning cavern at foot, where never man had entered but by boat, was hidden under the sari Calmly, as preparing for his couch, Noel Barnard removed his faultless broadcloth, and stood as faultless I is his undress. The torch had lodged mid way between the man and the summit, it was not half consumed; did that lonely star gazer but turn his head an inch in the direc tion of the cliff the man most be seen, woold be rescued; it was Noel Barnard's purpose to prevent this. It was perilous too suicidal degree, but that weighed last with the daring schemer. He sat upon the brink, and, lower ing one of those lithe sinewy hands, tested the undergrowth; it stood a vigorous pulL Then he tried the surface with his heels for ledge or prominence ; the face was uneven, rough, and jagged; he turned round, and commenced tbe difficult process of descent, holding hard to the growth or buttress where the rock clove the outline, planting his feet where practicable to save weight; so, lower, lower, beat of the waves Bounding more shrill every yard he descended, the strong wind breasting the height as though it weuld dislodge him like thistle-down, and causing the flambeau to flare with a redder, wider light. Neat this the lower most man (who could toil no lower, but must drop, failiDg his hold, into the seething cauldron), was swinging like some ghastly pendant to a gibbet; and away in the dis tance was the yacht, light as some fairy barque, its owner dre&mQy; wreathing the stars in clouds. Nearer the torch, it seemed but a hand's breadth ; and already the height above Beemed & journey to be done by flight alone; now by accident dislodging pieces of the stone or earth, which fall and alarm the victim, who, looking up, sees the dread form of his enemy gaining upon him and banishing his only hope of rescue, and, drawing breath, be Bhouts again, and this time with wild deBpair; bat before the echo of that harrowing cry can have travelled to bearing at those on board of the vessel, the torch has been seized, and is quenched. And then commences the more arduous part of Noel Barnard's mission; he does not intend to return yet, for his work is but halt accom plished. He has to descend yet farther; he has determined to complete both deed and doom; and the man below, altbongh he cannot Bee that form, stealing unerring as a deadly redskin on tbe trail, yet feels it is approaching, and nerves himself for tbe death-tussle when one or other, or perchance both, most go down to tbe depths. But it is a long time approaching, or it seems so, in that time of terrible suspense ; only tbe falling messengers give awinl warning. At last the pursuer has turned round, and, like an immense lizard, advances bead first; and in the darkness tbe white reptile band glides down and loosens tbe other's grasp, and uproots the last hold to which in his agony he now clings with both hands. There is a crash, the growth gives way, man, plant, earth, stone, falling like lead ; the lizard passing to reetupon his ledge, and turning with sardonic relish the whole morsel under his tongue. Shortly, he upon deck coming down from his dreams, stretching his legs, awakens his skipper, and, pacing the deck, takes his promised view or her home by moonlight: hoping, yet scarcely daring to hope, for a glimpse of tbe lovely form at one of the chamber windows, and sees something that causes him to snatch up the glass, mud again inspect the frontage with the closest attention at oomm&nd;! There, at an upper window, standing between tbe dark ness and the brilliancy of the apartment, is a figure which bp imagines to be hers. As it moves he remarke the same disss he had seen in theevsning, and a lace scarf thrown over the head falls above the shoulders; she notices the movement with the glass, and kisses her haild to him thrice, then holds her anas forth appealingly, as though imploring release, lifting them heavenwards, and in the direction of himself, and clasping them despairingly updn her bosom. A touching and effective tableau, nod well done; at least such was the verdict of Mr. Barnard, whs, walking across the lawn, cool as though he had just left the supper-room, re-entered, brushing knees and elbows with the finest of lawn handkerchiefs, and looking with mild reproach at Williams "Why not have warned me, friend, I should catch my toes. So you play croqaet ? ' playfully to Lena. "And a charming exer dss; very pretty, very. Did you ever play tbe game by moonlight 1" Soon afterwards Mrs. Brandon eaters quietly, and resumes the jelly with frank composure. "Head better, I trust, ma'am?" Mm. Brandon bows gracefully to the visitor. The head is a Utile better, and she theirs him for his kind sympathy. "But the meteor!" says St. Aubyn mis cbievouBly. "Let ob see this fallen Mr. Barnard." That gentleman removes from a ooat-tail pocket; withthegravity of a geological lecturer ib Jermyn-street, a flint nearly as large as a slough-share, and sedately quotes— "1 have no doubt, my dear sir, but that this is the subject of our speculation; it is well knows that flint forms a very rare con rtituent of theffre-ball proper, which mainly MBiiiti of WD, nickel, and other minerals, Mb* lifbtof jepoMBfihiag "A Modern Miniiter" Seebero purchased by the proprietors rt "Tfce Aw ■ a but 1 take this to be sti exceptional case: just Handle tins, Mis. B:«ndcn, you will do me the favour of agreeing it is altogether exceptional! I look upon thia as a moat re markable avroiiM; tats nigbt will be long remembered ; when 1 discovered it, the thing was hot, and I bemed my fingers, a common fate in the pursuit of science !" " I really know ao little of the sciences of geology or mineralogy; botany ie more in oar way, is it not; my dear Miss Lenaand witb & very charming smile the lady returned the specimen with many thanka Meanwhile, out at sea. the young yachtsman was puzzling his hanasome, idle head over the carious action of the young lady in whom he experienced so warm an interest. After twisting it about, he construed a eign out of it: this lovely and oafortcmate rirl was on happy, miserably imprisoned by a stern, unnatural sire, whose brain was htif turned by foreign suns and book-reading. She had seen him pass at"sunset time ; bad expected bis return; had joyfully beheld the yacht again where it crossed the moon-line; had appealed to him with a sublime hope, Oh, yes! He saw it all; ht was appointed the knightly champion tor her deliverance; he accepted his destiny; he breathed a prayer. "Brown, the whisky 1" The chipper, refreshed by his nap, produced the keg with alacrity, remarking upon the chilly moisture of the air, that went straight to the bones subject to rheumatism. This : little matter Mr. Arden dismissed with his accustomed liberality, he was generosity frcm crown to sole. Buttoning the rough pilot* coat upon his chest, he walked the deck with briskness, mattering to himself about a Belect I company of historic personages who had Buccoured damsels of high degree, stowed away in dragon-guarded castles with a hydra- 1 headed ogre as chief of the firm! Whereon skipper Brown, finding himself not wanted, x>r not admitted to this new fancy of his young master's, peered through the glass into the shady groves, and presently espied some thing clambering or trying to clamber up the wave-broken rock at the entrance of the cave, that, black and forbidding, formed a hideous arch consecrated to night. " Yer pardon, Mr. William, what be (hat a steering yonder ?" Arden took the glass, drew himself leisurely forth from bis reverie, and looked. There was bo much moonlight it became difficult at firet to distinguish. A clear bright night, clear as when the frost biteo and all the land is bound; while the sea drinks np the snow flakes, or casts them indifferently from her, fringed with ber foam. A veil of silver seemed spread dim and ghost-like, stretching leagues, torn in places where the wind bad caught it, splashed and sprinkled, and bestrewn with a spray of diamonds, " List, Mr. William, 'tis a shout!" "It's a man! How the deuce did he come there ? Overtaken by the tide, probably." "You give orders for picking him up, 1 sup pose, sir ?" and the skipper paused anxiously. 