Sydney. [lïKUTEn'S TEIXGHAltS.] December 15. The following are the members of the new Ministry Mr. J, S. Farnell, Premier and Secretary for Lands ; Mr. Fitzpatrick, Colonial Secretary ; Mr. Cohen, Colonial Treasurer ; Mr. Leary, Minister for Justice ; Mr. Sutherland, Minister for Works ; Mr. Suttor, Minister for Mines ; Mr. W. Forster, Attorney-General and Mr. J. F. Burns, Postmaster-General Messrs. Mort and Co. have sold the mine and plant of the Peak Downs Copper Company for ..£3000, to Messrs. Thomson and Cashion, on behalf of parties at Rockhampton and Copper- field. The sentence of death upon Peter Murdoch, for the murder of Henry Ford, was carried out at Wagga Wagga this morning. The Lochlee, ship, left London for this port on November 30, with 499 immigrants. 6.18 p.m. A supplement to the Government Gazette con- firms the formation of the new Ministry. Mr. Forster, the Attorney-General, has been gazetted a member of the Legislative Council. In the Legislative Assembly this afternoon, Mr. Watson proposed Mr. Garrett for the Chairmanship of Committees. Mr. Terry moved the seats of the new Ministry vacant, and the House adjourned until January 22. Upon the adjournment of the Legislative Assembly, fifteen of the members waited upon the Premier, and requested the postponement of the Land sales advertised for to-morrow (Wednesday). Mr. Farnell replied that all the sales had been already postponed for one month, and that he would not authorise the sale of one acre of Land by auction until the House had decided upon the question. A cricket match takes place on Friday and Saturday between the teams of the Sydney and Melbourne Grammar Schools. Rain fell on Saturday night in several of the country districts, which has done much good. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly has been elected without opposition to a seat at the Senate of the University vacant by the death of his father, the Hon. G. W. Allen. The Stad Amsterdam arrived at Adelaide this morning, forty-seven days from Plymouth. Sailed : Balclutha, s for Brisbane. melbourne' [on UTElt'S TELEGRAPHS December 18. The following team will represent the colony in the forthcoming cricket match with the Australian Combined Eleven Allee, Baker, Cooper, Hastings, Hodges, W. M'Evoy, F. McEvoy, W. Sleight, J. Sleight, and Terry, with English an emergency. It has been proved beyond a doubt that the disease in the vines at Geelong is phylloxera. In the Legislative Assembly, this afternoon, the Premier stated that the Government advertisements had been withdrawn from the Daily Telegraph, and that the Government would appoint a committee of the House to confer with one from the Legislative Council, on the two disputed railway bills. The Cuzco, s., left for London this afternoon, and will call at Adelaide. It has been raining heavily all day Adelaide. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] December 18. The Governor has appointed a commission to enquire into the working and principles of the Tribunals of Commerce. The Government declines to join in the proposal made by that of New South Wales to build an Australian house at the Paris Exhibition. - Launceston. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] December 15. The Lochiel, barque, from the Mauritius, has arrived to-day with advices to November 12, on which date the market for sugar was active. Six vessels loading for Melbourne and some for the other colonial ports. The season was favorable, but the heavy rains had interrupted sugar manufacture. From some localities the sugar was coming in increased quantities, and the estimated deficiency in the crops has been much reduced, and great satisfaction is expected as regards the yield. New Zealand. [ntUTEll'S TELhGHAMS,l WELLINGTON, December 18. At a fire at the stores of Messrs. Guthrie Larnach, and Co., Dunedin, a quantity of powder was saved after great difficulty. The damage is estimated at £10,000, of which 3600 is insured in the Victoria office. TELEGBAPHiccouimunication between Adelaide and Port Darwin was restored yesterday afternoon, at half-past 4 o'clock, but in consequence of the prevalence of thunderstorms in the . neighboring colony the operations of the department were much impeded. It was past midnight before the first of the European despatches was received which, being official, had pre- cedence announcing the fall of Plevna and the surrender of the garrison numbering 44,000. A further interruption was subsequently reported, and at the hour of going to press this morning advices through Reuter's agency were coming to hand. As our own special messages have still to be transmitted from Sydney, an extraordinary will be issued this morning with every despatch. SHORTLY before 1 o'clock yesterday dark clouds began to gather to the westward of Brisbane, and about an hour and a-half afterwards a steady soaking rain set in, and continued till sun- down. Although the rain then ceased, the sky continued cloudy, and the atmosphere close and muggy, with every prospect of a further downpour. "We are glad to learn that this welcome visitation has extended some distance inland. From Toowoomba we learn that the finest downpour of rain since January last occurred there yesterday-two inches falling in two hours. This heavy rainfall was succeeded by showers, so that there would appear to be a prospect of a complete change for the better having set in. From messages received by the Telegraph Department at 5.20 p.m., and kindly placed at our disposal, we learn that the weather then at Warwick was showery, with the wind north-easterly that at Dalby there had been a heavy thunderstorm, with two hours' steady rain at Roma the wind was north- north-east, the weather cloudy, and storms all around, but no KLAFFER and at Tambo and Blackall there were heavy storms. At Charleville the weather was fine, with the wind south-west Messages could not be obtained from Rockhampton and Maryborough, on account of heavy storms along the line. IN connection with the approaching Paris Exhibition, we learn that the Colonial Secretary yesterday telegraphed to the Agent-General, requesting him to inform Lord Carnarvon that the recent offer of additional space was grate- Ulllv li-ponfi>fl s. nie rider he is tired aide ter since the art night ches pre the A rted, ning is to still nary match. ends ; and ready sun the sphere of a i that I did that by last ing in needed to be a better by the kindly weather a wind been a train; at, the out no there either passages out and along Paris cretary general in that grate THE period for which Parliament was pro- rogued at the close of last session having expired yesterday, a supplement to the Government Gazette was issued, further proroguing it to Tuesday, the 22nd of January. THE ladies of the Committee of the Lady Bowen Hospital are summoned to meet at the institution to-morrow afternoon, upon important business. THE Rev. T. Pepper, of Newcastle, New South Wales, is announced to deliver a lecture, in the South Brisbane Congregational Church, this evening, upon " Wycliffe and the Dawn of the English Reformation." A PUBLIC meeting, under the auspices of the Queensland Alliance, will be held in the Good Templars' Hall, South Brisbane, on Friday evening next. Mr. R. A. Kingsford, M.L.A., will occupy the chair, and several prominent citizens will lend their assistance. WE notice by advertisement that it is intended to move, at the next annual meeting of the Musical Union, that all the property of the Union shall be vested in trustees on behalf of the members. This is a wise step, considering that the property of the society has been got together at a cost of between £700 and 6800. THE performance at the theatre to-night is for the benefit of Mr. A. Thomson, one of the most efficient members of the company, and is deserving actor. "Across the Continent was repeated last night, and drew a good house. A MAN named Hinchley had a narrow escape on Monday, by the fall of a mass of earth at the South Brisbane dock. His fellow-workmen succeeded in extricating him after some trouble, and on his being examined by a doctor it was found that no bones were broken, and that nothing beyond the severe shock to his system need be anticipated. IN consequence of next Monday being to a great extent a holiday, the Municipal Council have decided to hold their usual meeting on Friday next, instead of on their regular day of meeting. The business to be disposed of, besides the consideration of the usual committee reports and routine business, includes consideration of the following motions, of which notice has been given a By Alderman Petti- grew,-" in order to relieve Queen-street of the traffic from the railway station to the Valley, that Turbot-street from Roma-street to Edward street, thence by that street to Wickham Ter race, and thence by that terrace to near Wharf street, be put in such passable order as will enable traffic to pass that way instead of by the way of Queen-street." By Alderman Thorne, " That property owners in George-street from Queen-street to Edward- street, and in Albert street from Queen-street to Ann-street, have notice given them to pave the footpaths in front of their properties." INSTRUCTIONS have been issued, we believe, by the officers commanding all the Volunteer Corps in Brisbane, although no brigade order has appeared, to take steps to prevent any interference with the men while in uniform when such interference partakes of the nature of an assault. The men are particularly enjoined not to retaliate or take the law into their own hands, but to give any offender against public order, so far as they are concerned, into the custody of the nearest constable, or, failing a constable, to take the offender to the lock-up. A case of the kind was disposed of yesterday, at the Police Court, when a woman, named Davis, was summoned for throwing water over some Volunteers drilling in Burnett-lane, and fined in a small amount for so doing. The Bench said that, had it not been for the appeal of the plaintiff's solicitor, Mr. Smith, they would have inflicted a substantial flue, and the officer in command of the company intimated that he had brought the case forward merely to enforce the claims of the Volunteers to fair treatment, and not with a view to a severe fine. We believe the case to be a very exceptional one, and regret the necessity which compelled the commanding officer to bring it into court, because it might be taken to indicate a want of good feeling between the Volunteers and the public, whereas they appear to be on the best terms. THE shade trees planted in Roma-street are not flourishing. They are nearly all dead. Around each is a strong growth of nut grass that seems to have been planted with the trees. This nut-grass is proving too many for them. The trees are dead or dying, and will disappear totally unless those living are relieved from grass and weeds and fresh plants are put in the place of those that are dead. THE Queensland Times states that Mr. James O'Sullivan, of Ipswich, solicitor, is so seriously ill of gastric fever that but slight hopes of his recovery are entertained. Mr. O'Sullivan was for several years a resident of Brisbane, and has many friends here who will hear this news with regret. IN the case of W. Nimmo v. H. M'Cleer, heard in the District Court on Monday last, and in which exception was taken to the jurisdiction of the court on the ground that it involved a question of title, his Honor Mr. Judge Paul yesterday gave his decision, holding that he had no jurisdiction, but allowing no costs. IN our advertising columns to-day appears a lengthy announcement from Messrs. Hiscocks and Hayman, detailing the bill of fare which they have provided for Boxing Day at Bowen Park. Encouraged by the success of their last venture, they now offer 675 worth of prizes divided among twenty-five events, sixteen out of the number being entrance free. The sports commence at 10 a.m., and will be continued at intervals of fifteen minutes throughout the day, while arrangements have been made for the dancing and quoting competitions to take place so as not to interfere with the other sports. Two brass bands have been engaged for the occasion. The " rights " will be sold at Kent's Bazaar to- morrow. In addition to the other attractions, we observe that there is a " souvenir to every person visiting the grounds." A coiffiESPONDENT writes as follows : " It is rumored that the mercantile community of Sydney intend closing on the Monday before Christmas Day, thereby giving their employés four clear days. It would be a great boon to everyone in a climate like ours to have such a treat. This could not be, I fear, unless the Government were to proclaim the day in question a public holiday. It might be brought about by an appeal through your valued columns, and it is with this end in view that I venture thus to trespass on your space." It will be gratifying to our correspondent to learn that, though there will he no formal proclamation of Monday as a public holiday, it has been determined that the public offices shall remain closed from Saturday at noon to Thursday morning. In the Supreme Court, also, no business will be transacted during that period. There is, we believe, a disposition on the part of the banks to close also; but as the day is not a proclaimed Government holiday they have not decided to close. A desire the man stow other point way arno which show when T Kerr Chu atte beer Ing. 'n a the succ give as at the post full tary pea the the on I had int 160 dial are sign the The ado gro sin He in 0 it ling reas are glad that this The pear from the mes usly his was than with card d in in of pies reay uns are a cocks which owen r last sizes mt of ports ed at day, r the place ports >r the Cents other it ear "It is ity of before ploys you to such a ss the i ques rought lutana, venture will be i that, tion of deter closed orning will be is, we banks a prove not A coRRESPONDENT writes to us from Mackay, desiring to call the attention of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to the manner in which pigs, sheep, and fowls are stowed away in steamers leaving Brisbane and other ports He mentions two or three cases in point which came under his notice when on his way from Brisbane to the North, stating, amongst other things, that upon the steamer by which he was a passenger pigs and sheep were stowed away in the engine room, near the boilers where it was almost impossible for them to live THE eleventh annual meeting of the Petrie terrace Band of Hope was held at the Baptist Chapel, yesterday evening There was a fair attendance, although not so large as would have been the case had the weather been less threaten- ing The chair was taken by Mr M Ward, who, 'in a short address, recalled the past history of the institution, expressing his gratification at the success which had attended its operations, and giving the children some good advice, especially as to the advantage of improving their time in their young days, and fitting themselves for the positions which will be waiting for them in the future in conclusion, he called upon the secretary to lead the annual report, from which it appeared that during the past year the meetings of the institution have been held regularly, and though the attendance was not so numerous as on some previous years, the interest manifested had been more uniform The efforts of members in this direction during the past year included 160 recitations, 177 singings, 10 reading", ind 5 dialogues, besides various readings and addresses by older friends Twenty two new signatures had been added to the roll during the year, bringing the total number up to 823 The Rev W Moore, the president, moved the adoption of the report, alluding briefly to the growth of temperance organisations in Brisbane since the time when the Petrie terrace Band of Hope was for a considerable period the only one in this city In his capacity as treasurer, he mentioned that there had been a great falling off in the collections during the past year, but men tioned that the Queen's Own Lodge of Good Templars had given £1 towards the expenses of the Band of Hope This, together with jEl 17s collected during the year, amounted to £2 17s, all of which was still in hand, as the reward books were provided from another source Mr A Mackay seconded the resolution for the adop- tion of the report He spoke, among other things, of the good effects of Bands of Hope in various parts of the world, stating that many of the staunchest temperance men were those whose minds had in early life been influenced by such institutions At the same time he expressed his admiration for the until tug and is interested labors of the president, who had managed the institution from its commencement The motion was carried, and the report adopted accordingly The following gentlemen were elected to the offices named in connection with each -President, Rev W Moore, secretary, Mr A I Cooling, vice presidents, Messrs. Gregory and Tuck After a pleasant, familiar address from Mr E Gregory, the toward books for singing and recitations were presented by the chair and, much to the gratification of the young people, as the prizes included a number of very nice books After a hearty vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting was brought to a close by singing the National Anthem THE warden of the Etheridge goldfield, in put ting on the state of the field for the month of Nov ember lost, says - Dunne, that [he toil the warden H collections amounted £50 10 all line "> met me of £12 over the revenue collected for the ] icceiluiL, mouth but. mcieoM. though mainly attributable to the one it is of the Af clean and Asiatic aliens Vol is also perceptible in the bl inches of revenue and has been caused by an increased activity on the Held the operation if the Aliens Act has augmented 1 tim Chinese port of tion several having come here in the hold of each) ing its provisions In mely case where I have reason to believe nations possessed of funds, I have in Histcd upon their immediate coin) is mee with the new provisions but in instances where the Chinese hue newly-laid is no no occupation and are apparently) subsiding, in the charity of their country men I have ventured to accord them some iiieiHiireof green, in pro referred to quitted, the Government to the large uiiilfiitile exports Milich would necessarily be incurred by losers m,, to i>\trtuiiUu During the month I have left off two prospecting claims, and from ground formerly abandoned many lay able crushings have been obtained. Came to a pa on acted drought the important district of China station has been deb ino 1 from c attributing to the quota of (gold from the only mill at work, the Monitor i training, d i shifts. The crushings have been as follow - November 1921 for 100 tons 136 oz 12dwts. 10 St. George, 11 tons, 2 OZS 15 dwts , 24-ht George, 49 tons COozs Wdwts. , 2 - Chinchen, 4 tons 3oz 3dwts. , 29-lord Byron, 32 tons 74 ozs 14 dwts. value of produce-7 97 17 dwts 12 grs. The above claims have been nine loved repeatedly but in limbs) often remarked yield an average equal to the above The li ink of the South W, nice hold for escort at the "SS ozs the produce of this Hold me 1202 ozs of LOIII ml bismuth forwarded from the Cloncurry THE who taken the Duke his wall A again seen him, take and Wei an a who fend off is other paper two parts] the main cold libel was sink the Side shoe here just one of many a very "Ii man was Stormy ton THE report of the state of the Lunatic Asylum, Woogaroo, for the week ending December 10, 1877, is as follows In the house at last report, males 254, females 155 , since admitted, 1 male, died, 1 male patient, on December 15, from lupus exceeds , remaining, total patients, 419 The surgeon superintendent acknowledges with thanks receipt of a parcel of papers from Mrs Wallis, Goodna, for the use of the patients. A corESPOnDENT of the Observer, writing from Lockyer s Creek, says "Things below are getting more serious every day, and only the stern stuff that farmers are made of keeps them from being discouraged , but hope so long deferred is beginning to make the heart sick, for I hear of some who intend, if rain does not come by Christmas, to leave their families and their homes and seek employment The wheat crop, into which the farmers went rather heavy, was a total failure a very serious draw back for Mr. Beavan, who, you will perhaps remember, went in for a thrashing machine last year. A good area of spring potatoes and maize was planted, which, of course, is a failure Nothing but desolation reigns around It is truly pitiable to see the poor ghost like skeletons of cattle moving about, nibbling at the bare earth, starring for a bit of grass I notice the working horses are also beginning to fall off Of course the farmer's stock of provender is now exhausted, and they have nothing but the grass to depend on but a good fall of rain would speedily put all things right again, and when the farmers have the crops growing luxuriantly in the field again, their hearts will be as light as ever It would be well if the Government would start the proposed new road. It might afford some employment to the settlers, and retain those who think of seeking employment elsewhere, for when a man leaves his farm, on his return if ever he does return he invariably finds things in ruins, and the land profusely covered with grass and weeds, which take no end of labor to exterminate Tm Western Star of last Saturday says " On Tuesday we were visited by the heaviest thunderstorm that has fallen for many years. The rain came down in torrents, and in a short time the streets were running with the water level with the highest part of the street, and running with a strong current Back yards in borne places were a foot deep, and a good deal of damage was done , Mr W B Murphy reports having oaten hay, valued at £30, destroyed. This reform would appear to have been very partial aS down by Rocky Bank very little rain fell, and the same may be said of Euthulla, only ten miles distant There has been heavy rain at St George on the 12th, Surat has likewise had a share, rain having fallen during the nights of the 12th and 13th The record from Mitchell is like wise heavy rain, "stormy" The aggregate rain fall from the 1st to the 13th instant is 4 622 85 having fallen within an hour and a half on the afternoon of the 11th. ditto told him, THE numerous friends of Butler Cole Aspinall, who so long graced the Victorian bar by his talents and eloquence, will be glad to hear (says the Ei crimes; News) that his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh is about to pay a tribute to his worth, which will be heartily appreciated by all Australians Mr Aspinall has left a boy and a girl behind him, and remembering the strong friendship which his Royal Highness formed for him, he (HltH) has determined to reduce it by taking charge of the boy, adopting him in fact, and making his future career his special care We have this on very good authority, and such an act of friendship will be appreciated by all who remember the eloquent and hospitable de- fender of O Farrell, and one of the brightest ornaments that ever shone in the bar of Victoria. 1 MINIMI over an old notebook of mine the other day (writes a correspondent of a Mudgee paper) which I used when in British Columbia twenty years ago, I came across a memo about jumping I don't mean the athletic jump, but the operation known by that name amongst minors In the early days of gold mining in that cold country, the working conditions were liberal A minor, after he pegged off his claim, was allowed sixty days to test it, which test was sinking a shaft ten feet deep on the vein After the pegging, and before the working began, considerable jumping was done, which led to many shooting encounters and blood letting generally, hence holders of claims stuck up a notice, worded just as fancy dictated All were amusing as original efforts at clearly convey mg the meaning of the writer Some were in verse, but the majority were in prose Here is one in verse, which cannot be misunderstood - "Ivo staked this claim, in my own true name, and intend to M oik it too, and a warning giVe to all that live-they 11 get into a stew, if ever they dare to jump my share, and my name is John Donohoe to prose, the in portions of the writer were just as clearly expressed As, for instance, that of the claim holder who found his claim jumped, and the jumper s notice of location on it, and wrote underneath " This lode has gold in it, my six shooter has lead , if you take one you must take the other, so make your choice The jumper did, and travelled on hauls Another was, "Dont jump this laid, 01 Illmakoyou bleed There was no mistaking the meaning of this notice, and the owner was left in undisturbed possession Just one more -" My name is Bill Stone, I hail from Cape Cod, and will shout any j umpLr who comes here, by G-d Poor Bill, he got shot in a mass in a whisky saloon on the 1 razor River shortly after, when defending a sick lad from the bullying of a rowdy Those were wild days, little gold, hard living, and when all hands beloved til it might was right, and acted accordingly Wb (S M Herald) have had an opportunity of witnessing in operation, at the stores of Messrs Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, at the Circular Quay, the now apparatus which they have just had erected for the purpose of hoisting bales of wool, &c;, from the drays and waggons, to the different stages of their premises The lift is worked by a compound high pressure steam engine, arranged with the cylinder at right angles, all fitted upon a triangular frame, which is cast in one piece and enables the whole engine to bomo\edor refixed very easily The engine is bolted to the party will of the Store, the shaft extends through the wall to drive the machinery in the adjoining store, a continuation of the shaft through any number of walls would enable a row of stores or warehouses to have all their machinery driven from the same engine In this case there are two separate buildings only The boiler IS vertical multitubular, and heated by atmospheric gas burners It is neatly cased in cedar strips with brass bands, and from the outside no appearance of iii of is visible By means of the gas burners the heat can be easily adjusted as required, and the full power of the furnace put on in a minute if necessary, while all the burners can be as readily turned out at once If there is not much w o k to do, a very small consumption of gas will suffice to keep up steam 'The hoisting machinery is worked by fiction wheels driven direct from the engine shaft, there is thus no complication whatever, and the pony or of manipulating a load is obtained with the greatest simplicity The level for working the hoist is moved by a rope passing down through all the floors, and a man can thus work the hoist from any floor on which the goods may be required without going near the engine A small cord alongside the hoist rope tuiibloB the attendant to put on more or loss steam to her as rapidly as required Lowering the load is effected by a powerful brake, which applies itself, and is regulated by the same rope which works the best in the stores under notice there are only three floors, but the price there would apply equally v. ed to a building of any number of stones, as the ropes for the attendant would Biuiply extend from the machinery in the roof, through all the floors, to the ground, and enable it to be worked from any one of them By means of this apparatus a bale of wool under ordinary circumstances can be lifted from the street to the upper floor in half a minute it has been done occasionally in so short a time as five seconds This coyne and lift were constructed at the Atlas Iron Works, from the designs of Mr Norman Selfe Then are several novelties in the mode of construction, and the principle of applying the t, is heating arrangement to the boilers of compound engines is entirely new Mr Selfe has several other steam and hydraulic lifts in hand for H one of the new buildings now being erected in Sydney 