INSTALLATION OF THE gJSHOP OF "MELBOURNE. The old Cathedral of Melbourne, - writes oar Melbourne Correspondent of yhnrsday, w as densely crowded, on the occision pf the formal induction of the Sght Reverend pr Moorhonse into bis See. " The church authorities, anticipat- ing a very large attendance, had made arrange ments that those holding tickets should have ad mission after 10 a.m., to as to ensure their seats, and thu3 many of "the leading people of the colony were accommodated. Before service com menced at 11 o'clock .there was no zoom even for standing in the passages and entrances. His Excellency the Governor and party were present in the gallery, having arrived shortly before 11 o'clock. The procession included the lay .canons (Sir W.-F. Stawell, Mr J nstice btepnen, and Professor Hearn), the Bishop of Ballarat (Rev, Dr Thornton), and Rev. Dr Moorhonse (the new Bishop of Melbourne) with the Dean of Melbourne, tbe three Arch-deacons, canons, priests, and deacons, as arranged in the pro- gramme, tbe Bishop being conducted to his chair on the north side of the Communion table. Those of the clergy wh<? constitute the Chapter taking their seats within the Chancel rails," and the lay canons and clergy not in the Chapter, with the Registrar, eat in the church close to the Chancel rails. The Rsv. Canons Beecher, Good man, and Chase read the respective portions icf the morning service allotted to them. After the 1st Lesson, the Dean received of Bishop Moor- house the letters commendatory from the Arch bishop of Canterbury, and theee were read by the Registrar. At this point the Bishop jud to read the declaration prescribed by the last Church Assembly Act, which kz did in an im? preasive and fervid manner.. The installation was then formally completed, and the Te Deum having been Eung, the morning service was pro ceeded with, including the anthem. The .com munion service was then read by the Bishop of Ballarat, assisted by the Yen. Archdeacons Crawford and Stretch, and after the Nicenca creed Hi3 Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne ascended the pulpit and preached from the text " Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness,and all other things shall be added unto you." The offertory followed, and th'«i the celebration of the Holy Communion was ad- miniserted by the Bishop himself, assisted by the Bishop of Ballarat and ' the Yen. Archdeacons Crawford and Tucker. The fall Mesaiali ser vice was conducted by Mr J. Summers (Bachelor of Music of Oxford) who also presided at the organ. Bishop Moorhouse's sermon was a fine specimen of what a pulpit discourse. The text wa3 taken from Matthew vL, commencing at the 33rd verse Bat seek ye first the Kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you. . His Lordship said that, in consequence of tiie extreme length of the service, he wonld not preach a lengthy sermon, bnt merely address his congregation briefly with regard to the sub ject of his text. The words oi the text were nnt nnfiiti-d to the occasion, which was on hnth sides of especial moment, and he intended to apply them in as homely a manner as possible. In the verse quoted it was shown for what pur pose man laboured in tbis world, and he trashed that with his hearers the question would be rightly understood. They were all he hoped, working out their Master's will, according to the explanation given by Christ. The Kingdom of Heaven was of this world ; it was something that could be grasped and retained while mhn worked their way to eternity. It was clearly set forth in Christ's parabolical teachings, more especially in that relating to the wheat and tares. The Apostle Paul said that the Church of Christ was no: meat and drink, it w&3 not allied in any way to sensuous enjoy ment. It was a new relation to God, and joy in the Holy Ghost, a right relation between Gcwi and man, manifested by a deep and lasting peace. To answer the question of whether they were Christians, his hearers wonld first have to ask themselves whether they had entered into new relations with the Father. If answered -in the affirmative, then they conld appreciate -the inestimable value of the love of God as gener ally proclaimed in the Gospel, for in Christ God. . was reconciling the world to himself. AlViiie- adyantage3 of a high spiritual life were granted to man without any possession of merit of own. It was one thing to give, and another'to receive, but when the gift was given so readily, there was no strong disposition to accept it. God offered his infinite mercy freely, nevertheless few accepted it. If a golden coin were offered to a street mendicant it would not be given unless ha streiched ont his hi ad and accepted it, and on the same principle the gifts of God, bestowed through baptism, were not accepted perhaps through' a lifetime. When man arrived at a certain 'time of life he was compelled to admit oi the ex istence ot these divine gifts, anil ysfc how.nften did it happen that they were wholly ignored. He exhorted all those present to Jahonr as siduously in their Master's cause, while- accept ing rhe grace that was so freely lavished. In conclusion his Lordship statsd that he did not care for formal show and ceremoiiy, bnt he understood thatoa the occasion of his installa tion as the Bishop of Melbourne the proceedings of that day were necessary. Yet he would have greatly preferred the knowledge that one man, woman, or child had been brought to recognise the truth contained in the text, and' had :given in_a firm adhesion to the cause of Christianity. Alter the example of JesU3, he was ready and willing to give up every personal consideration in lua endeavours to lead hia fellow-beings into the Kingdom of Heaven. The aonl was infinitely better than the body, and eternity raa more deserving of attention than brief hitman existence and the world. What would make men happier and nobler below, and what they would carry with them beyond the grave, were questions or the deepest importance. Finally, he commended them to lollow out the divine laws, and to abide by the commands of their Saviour, whereby they could secure admission to the Kingdom of Heaven. His Lordship was listened to with the most profound attention. His style was deep and earnest— a naturally good voice being used to the best advantage. Use or Toitxxo Leaves.— M. Siroy, of the Society of Horticulture, Valparaiso, writes aa follows respecting the singular properties of tomato leaves "I planted a peach orchard, pd the trees grew well and strongly. They had just commenced to bud when they were invaded ? ii ,carcQ - (pulgon), which insects .were followed, as frequently happens, by ante! Hav ing cut some tomatoes, the idea occurred to me "telf by placing soma of the leaves around the tramcs ana branches of the peach trees, I might preserve them from the rays of the sun, which were very ponerf al. My surprise was great up on the following day to find the trees entirely JS-P lfP5. not one remaining except here arid "there where a curled leaf pre vented the tomato from exercising its infltienoe. -These leaves l carefully unrolled, plating upon them fresh ones from the tomato vine, with the result of banishing the last insect and enabling the trees to grow with luxuriance. Wishing to carry still further my experiment, I steeped in water some fresh leaves of the tomato, "arid sprinkled with this infusion others plants, roses, andorangea. la two days those were also free from the innumerable inseota which oqvered them, and I felt anre that, had I used the eanio means with my melon patch, I should have met witn the 6ame result. I therefore, .deem it a duty I owe to the Society of Horticulture to make known this singular and nseinl property of the tomato leaves, which I discovered by the merest accident! Here is a good business- like Yankee opitaphj— ' Here lies Jana gith, wife of Thomas Smith, marhle cutter. .This monument . was erupted by her husband as a triouto to her meuipry and a ep&ci; m«j of -his work. Monuments of the issaa -style, 359 doit, . 1 