A QUEER COURTSHIP. You know how it is iu a letter (began the little shop-keeper, rubbing her thin hands to gether helplessly). 1 was writing to brother Joshua away down East, hundreds of miles from here, and happened to tell him, among other thiugBi that the widow lady that helped teach aohoul here, and boarded with me, was goiog away. I didn't say a word one way or the other about Mr. Steele, for what did it matter to them whether he waB a tyrant or not i I only wanted to tell them I'd been at a good deal of expense in fitting up the room, and I didn't miud her board money so muoh as I did to have the ohamber idle again, and nobody about the house but myself, though she was poor company at the best, .being alokly in constitution and low in spirits the most of the time, and after a while nearly driven crazy by the continual badgering and bickering of Mr. Stnelo. Sho usod to oome home at night that worn out, what with the wickedness of the children and the eternal . nagging of the school-master, that I've seen her put her head down on the table and cry fit to break her heart. She said she couldn't plenee him, do what Bbe might, and it was ruiniog her nerves to see him beat the boys' iu the way that he did, She was sure he'd break some of their boneB. I tried to oheer her as best I could, telling her that boys' bones were tough, and the little rasoals deserved to be paid up for some of their deviltry. After an,hour or two she'd oome around again and be oomfortable, but, la me 1 what was the use? The nest day, perhaps, she'd be worse than ever, and the oreature's health began to fail BO, I was glad whan she givye up and went away. She was verydown hearted, S<tm Riley, the stage-driver, said, all the way down to the train, and he gave it as his opinion that Mr. Steele was no better than a blaok-hearted tyrant. Sim Is such a good-natured fellow that it quite wo re upon his mind, and he stopped a bit with me on his way to the evening train to talk it over. I wanted hlta to get some Utle"thlng8 (or me at Fikevilie, and while I was unking out the memorandum, Sim told me how he pitied whatever poor body was to take tbafc poor creature's place. You can just fancy how I felt when Sam drove up to the door chat night, and I went out to get the package, to see brother Joshua's daughter Jemima on the seat with Sam, chatting and laughing away as merry as a crioket. I was powerful glad to see the child, but dreadfully mortified to find her tuoked in there with the driver. I told Sam pretty Bharply that he ought to know better, for their was plenty of room inside, and I didn't know what the boarderB over the way would think of it. " She was bound to ride outside," said Sam; " and a wilful woman must have her way," " Why, its all the fashion up our way," said Slime. >( The summer boarders swarm all over the tops of the ooaoheB like bo many lively bees; but if it hurts anybody's feel ings, I'm sorry. Asohool marm must mind her p's and q'a," "A soUool-marm?" I said, wondering 'what the ohild meant. Then she told me she'd oome oat to take that poor little woman's plaoe; that she'd written to Mr. Steele as soon aa my letter was read at home, for she couldn't get along at the sohool there. "It would take a saint to put up with their airs and their interference, and you know I like to have my own way," said my nieoe Jemina. " Yes," I said, for I baa known Mime's temper from a ohild. Any body could see from her bair bow fiery she was; but the dear obild was just as tbo good Lord bad seon fit to make her, and I, for one, never hold red-haired people aooountable for freaks of temper. Only you can see bow ridioulous it seemed to me for her to teaoh under Mr. Steele. " Out of the frying-pan into the fire, Mime," I said. >. The sobool- master has it all bis own way here, and he's little better than a brute, I've seen under my own eyes a woman's heart almost broken with him." Then I went on to tell bow he'd tormented that poor widow woman into giving up the plaoe, and how I'd seen her worry and fret till the skin fairly dropped ofi her bones. " *tfooh! pooh 1" said my nieoe} " the skin won't drop off my bones, aunty." And 1 eouldn't help thinking what a pity it would be if it did, for whiter and finer and wholeBomer skin I nevor did see, It was the kind that so often coraoa with rod hair, and a lovelier colour never wbb in a bloBsom than bloomed in Mime's oheek when she oried out, " I've got to fight it out somewhere, aunty; let bim mind his own business, and I'll mind mine I" . My heart fairly warmed to tho girl as she Bat opposite me at the table, erunohiug slice after Biioe of toast between her whito teeth, and devouring the dainties one by one. The little widow had been so finicky, and I had duel* a poor appetite myself, thfct things cams and went upon the table, and were warmed up and fused over till a body got tired of aeeiuft .them. Then she was my own fleBh and blood, and had the Sohoonmaker noae, a little high with Mime, and freokled over the bridge a bit, but she was a bonny, blithe, fresh-looking oreature, BO different from the wretohed little woman that had just gone away. I oouldn't bear the thoughts of her spirits and health being broken by ,that dreadful Mr. Steele. " I'll tell you, Mime," I said, as she dried the dishes for me, " what we'll do, You shall stay at home with me and help about the shop; there's bonnets now and then to trim, and lota of little knioknaoks in woratud work to be made." "Now, aunty," said Mime, 11 a buffnlo would be less clumsy at trimming a bonnet than I would, and as for worated-work-'' " I suppose no," I said, for I oould see she was determined to teaoh. The next morning she went to sohool, and for a month or so everything went right, and I didn't hear a word of oomplaint from her. She made fun enough of the Bohool-master, and said he didn't know how to manage the boys, and made himself more trouble than was necessary; that a coaxing word of hers went farther than a dozen slashes with that rod of his ; but everyone had their own way, and it was none of her business. She was getting along splendidly, and the Bmaller children were quite delighted with a way she had of pioturingout things on the black-board. Mime was quite ready with her pencil, and had made us laugh, Sam Kiley and me, many a time by sorawling off funny oonoeits on paper. Sam Rily began to drop in at night, and I noticed he was quite taken with Mime. Sam was well to do, and, outside of his line of stages, owned a fine house down on the main road. Sam didn't mind being hit off himself onoe in .a w.hile-him and his horses aud passengers and all; he used to Bit baok in his ohair and laugh till the tears rolled down his oheeks, and look over at me, wink ing and blinking, and whispering, under his breath, what a wonderful woman she was. " She's as fresh and handsome as a rose," he would say when Mime was out of the room; "and what health she's got,.and what .BDirits I" I oould see bow tilings were going. Dear! dear ! I used to sit and piofcure it all oat to myself, and think bow nioe it would be to have Mime settled near me for life. So when she oame home one afternoon from school, with a bright spot burning on eithar cheek, an angry flame in her eyes, and said to me that war had begun between her and ! Mr, Steele, I didn't BO muoh mind, for I thought the sooner she got disoouraged the better. Sam was well on to thirty, and though Mime's skin made her look younger than she was, there wasn't so muoh differ ence as you'd think between their ages. " He's forbidden my illustrations on the black-board, aunty," said Mime; and though I didn't know one bit of board from another, I oould see by the way she felt about it that it was a great spite to Mime. "He oalls them pernioious and exoiting to the imagina tion, and iojnrious to more praotioal require ments," said Jemima. And I couldn't quite get the hang of his objeotions, for every word of the Bohoolmaster's was as long' as the moral law, but I oould tell it was some imposition of his, " He's a narrow-minded idiot, and I shall tell him so if .he persists in this notion." said Mime. "If he persists," I said, "you'd better give it up. He's so set iu bis way, there's no useoroseing him." " I won't let liim oross me," said Mime, and she didn't, She went on with her piotures on the blackboard- for a full week or more, till one night there was a rap at the sitting-room door, and it gave me quite a turn to see the long bony figure of the sohool master standing on the threshold. Mime started up, a hot. colour leaping into her face, and stood there confronting' him like a young Jezebel. The man looked pale enough himself, sink* ing into the chair I Bet for him as if he was quite warn and spent like, and he seemed beat out in some way; for though he fixed his eyes savagely on Mime, there was some thing in 'em that looked tired and bunted. "I have come here to remonstrate with your niece, madam," he B&id; to me, " though I've found it of very little uae and profit heretofore; but however capable and efficient he may be, and however judioious it may seem to retain her services, her spirit of in subordination is too dangerous an example to the naturally rebellious and headstrong temperament, of youth. She must confine herself strictly to the rules that govern the method of instruction. The trustees-" " Don't put it on the trustees," broke in Mime ; and I was glad she took it upon her self to answer him, for I couldn't make out head or tail of what he was saying, what with his long words and the|fluster 1 was in. " The trustees are mere lay figures for you to dress your petty sohemes of conceit and tyranny upon." He waved his hand impatiently, and went on: " It is the will of the trustees that you shall put aside the puerile and reprehensible course you have taken in exoiting the imagination and oreating frivolous and mischievous emotionsi The pursuits of my own olass have been interrupted, their atten< tion distracted-'" "Why don't your class mind their own business ?" said Mime. " Why do you look at me,lor listen to me, or bother with me at all? It is not your olasB that is disturbed, Mr, Steele, it is you." The school-master's face suddenly reddened, then grew paler than before; he wiped the perspiration from his long high forehead, and his bony fingers actually trembled on his knees. I don't ponder he waB mad, for Mime went on in the most outrageous way. Her spunk was up, and she wasn't a bit afraid of him. " You can't bear to see knowledge made easy and pleasant," she said. " You'd like to knook every new idea into the brain with a sledge-hammer; you hate to look over at the children and me, and see us making light of our task-it's gall and wormwood to you, Mr, Steele." " Hush, Mime 1" I said, for I could see that be was getting more and morn oxoited, and I didn't know bub what he'd fling the lamp at her head) or something. But he mastered himself, and up he got and went away without another word; and pretty soon Sam Riley came in. I thought we'd have a nioe evening, for Mime was in high feather ; and oitting down to the table, she caught up a pencil and made the aohool-master take every ridioulous shape that she could. Her eyes shone and her oheeks glowed, and I didn't wonder Sam couldn't take his eyes of her faco. " Say the word, Mime," Baid Sam, " and I'll punoh the idiot'o head," "Who aro you calling an idiot?" .said Mime, turning straight upon Sam. " If you had the hundredth part of his intelligence, you might be glad." " I thought you callod him so yourself," eaid Sam, meekly, for ho was head- over-oars in love with tbo young termagant, " If I did," said Mime, " it was absurd, and I'll never do it again. No, Sam, I'll beat him with hia ov?n weapons, I'll go to tho trustees myself. If he can wheedlo and coax them, so can I; aud if he can bully themt perhaps I can do that too," " Tou can do anything,1" said poor Sam. And soon after that Mime said ehe was tired and sleepy, and senfc Sam off, as cool,,as you plosB9. Then (Aio gob tip on bar feet raft walked about the floor, and I oould seohe was terribly put out and exoited by the aohool master's viait. 11 You'll wear yourself oat for nothing," I said, for it vexed me to see her all in a fret that way from pure spite. " He'll break your health and spirits like he did with that poor little body that was here before you." " I don't believe all those stories abont that woman, aunty. I've found oat she had heavier troubles than those put upon her by the sohoolmaster. You mustn't believe all that you hear." That ^yas the way with Mime--she vras that contrary when she was vexed that she'd ; swear blaek was white, and take the part of the evil one himself. She began from that time oat to fight hard foe her own way, and it got to be pretty well known she was winning over the troB* iees. The children bad never liked anybody as they did Mime, and little Bill Pritohardt that used to play traant half the time, and would rather take a beating any day than be pent up in school, went there as regular as olook-work now, and began to mark oat horses and dogs with a stamp of a penoil himself; and Mr. Pritohard he was ope of the trustees, and thought the world and all of my nieoe Jemima. But Bomehow or other, just as I said, the continual worriment of it fretted Mime, and she got thin and lost her pretty oolour; and the night she came home and said she had got the beBt of the school-master, aud the notioe had been served on him that day that he was to let her have her own nay of teaohing, that night I made up ray mind it was about time it was settled iu some way, for Mime was more fidgety and contrary than ever; and I don't believe every thing would have turned out as it did if Mime had been in her sooer senses. The girl was about half wild, and I don't believe she knew what she was about; for it stands to reason she must have hated the school-master, and yet when I began to glory over his defeat, and say how glad Sam Riley would be, she Bhut me up in a minute. "Sim Riley and Mr. Steele," she said, " are two very different men." " I should hope so,'' I aafd, " Sam is made of a different stuff," she went on to say. -"The little, prions and torments that sting the soul ol Mr. Steele to madness would be utterly unfelt by Sam. Sam is a good fellow-" "Thank you for Sam," I said, for she was enough to provoke a saint. " But he hp not the oapaoity for suffering that Mr. Steele has; and oh, aunty, ha does suffer I" 11 Serve him right, the monster," I said; and had soaroe got the words out of my mouth when there was a rap at the door, i went oyer, thinking it waB Sam Riley, when there was the thin, gaunt faoe of the aohooU master again. He came m and bowed as grave as an owl, and sat down on a ohair by the door; bis oane rolled down beside him on the floor, and for a lull minute or BO he oouldn't find a word oat of that Jong diotionary in bis bead. I was glad to see that Mime's spank oame baok at the sight of him. Her eyes were as bright as they oould be, and her oheeks like the heart of a hollyhock. "My errand here, Miss Jemima,". ha began, " is altogether a friendly one. Yon have so macL' spirit and determination that I think yonr present subordinate position is unfirc for yon. I know of one tbat will be shortly vaoant, whioh you oan fill with great orfcdit to yourself and all concerned." " I am muoh obliged to yon," said Mime, be r lips begiuning to oarl, and the oolour in h< r oheeks deepening to a flame, "bat I'm qi ite satisfied where I am, I oan well understand that you'd be glad to be rid of me, but-|I must beg to decline. I'm not going away from here." " But I am going away from here," said the schoolmaster, getting npon his feet. II It is my, jilaoe that will be vaoant, and tbat I think you may have it if you'ohoose." "Fou-you!" said Mime: and I don't wonder the obild was astounded at the news. I wbb quite flustered myself, "les," said the so , oolmaater; " you oaa have yoar own way now." And he went out the door, bowing awkwardly as be went, a queer, miserable smile straggling into his faoe. " Dear! dear I the contrariness of woman 1 No sooner was the door well shut on him than Mime put hor head down on the table and began to ory. Her hair gob loose and fell all about her, and, to make the matter worse, I heard a footstep outside, and this time X thought it must be Sam Riley. " For goodness' sake, Mime," I said," don'6 let Sam Riley Bee you in this way 1" Bab the door opened, and there stood the sohool-master again. He said he had come back for hia cane; but he never even stooped to piok it up, but stood staring at Mime as if she was a ghost instead of the fresh, pretty, wholesome creature that she was. She raised her head, and though her face was half- hidden by her hair, her eyelashes were wet, and the tears not dried yet on her oheeks. The school-master, not minding me any more than if I was a block of wood or some* thing, walked straight over to Mime. " You know very well," he said, " trhat I am only going away from here beoause I love you. Because it was not the olass that waa distracted by your pretty ways and devioes ; it waa I. You know all this very well, and can tell mo whether I had better go or not. Now tell mo, ohall I stay ?" You might have knooked me down with a feather, when I caw Mime put her hand oat timidly to the sohool-master, and he torn pale and oatoh it in both his own. «' Of course sot," I broke in, for I was near distracted by tho way things were going, 11 If you're an honourable man, and got any sense left, and an eye in your head, yon'a see that my nieoe is as good as engaged to Sam Riley." " Sam Riley!" said Mime, as soomfol as if poor Sam was a toad or something, and holding on to tho school-master's horny hands as if she was drowning. Like enough they'll beat her some day, and so Bhe'll like him all tho bettor for it, for before I'd go out oi the room I heard hor toll him she'd teaoh any way that suited him best; and my only hope is that he's got a little money laid by, for he said he didn't intend she should teaoh at all. But, dear ! dear 1 when I heard the orack of Sam Riley's whip out« side, and know the ovening stage was in, and poor Sam not knowing what was in store for him, I had to go upstairs and have a ory all to myBelf. And all I can say is, if Mime marries tho sohool-master, it's a mighty queer oouriship, A OLBAB EXPLANATION.-A negro prea* oher had elaborated a new theory of the Exodus-to wit: That the Eed Sea got frozen over, and so afforded the Israelites a safe passage; but when Pharaoh, with his heavy iron chariots, attempted it, they [ broke through, and were drowned, A brother rose, and naked for an explanation o£ that point. " I'se been studyin' gography, and de gography cay dat be a very warm country, where they have de tropica, and de tropics io too hot for freezin'. De p'infc to be 'eplained io 'boufc breaking through de ice." The preacher straightened up and said: "Brudder, gladyou axeddat question. It gives me 'casion to 'oplain it. You see* dat was a great while ago-in de ole time8» 'io' dey bad any gogrftpby-'fo' ctera WM any tropica," 