MENDELSSOHN'S ^ORATORIO OF The popularity of Mendelssohn's first oratorii "St. Paul ' has been of slow growth, yet the work bids fair to become L attractive as the ' Ehjah. At a late Birmingham festival " St. Paul was given at the concluding evening s concert in presence of one of the largest audiences ever known there. It is a sublime work, and of a strictly devotional character throughout. It. has not the sudden changes of the Elijah, nor the massive grandeur of the " Messiah ;" but the historic characters depicted rivet the attention. First we have Stephen persecuted by the zealot Saul, through whose instrumentality and the suborning of false witnesses he is condemned to be stoned to death. Saul is soon by the help of God shown the error of his -ways, and being converted takes the name of Paul, and raises the ire of the Hebrews against himself, who cry " stone him to death," hut lie flies from them, and is seen no more in that part. In the opening chorus of the work, "Lord, thou alone art God " we have a dignified and devotional key to the subject of the oratorio ; this is followed by a chorale on the same theme, " To God on high," very piano. Marks of expression throughout the work must be religiously observed, or its many beauties will be lost. The two preceding numbers are given as the voices of the suffering Christians ; in the next number we have Saul suborning false witnesses who declare they have heard Stephen blaspheme against their holy places Stephen being brought before the Council and questioned by the High Priest, reproves his judges for having rejected the true faith in a grand recitative solo, " Men, brethren, and fathers," which is a calm appeal to them not to resist any longer the Holy Ghost, which only infuriates them, who in their wrath exclaim "Take him away, he shall perish." T n the next number we have a beautiful soprano solo "Jerusalem, thou thatkillest the nropliets." The Hebrews, clamorous for Stephen's destruction, shout " Stone him to death " In the tenor recitative " And they stoned him, and he kneeled down, and cried aloud—' Lord lay not this sin to their charge ; Lord Jesus, receive my spirit and when lie had said tliis he fell asleep," together with the chorale following, " To Thee, O Lord, I yield my spirit," finishing with the chorus " Happy and blest are they who have endured," we have some of the most beautiful and tender passages to be met with in any ot the oratorios. Saul who is piesent at Stephen's martyrdom and takes part in it, continues his persecution, and calls on the Lord Jehovah in a fine bass solo, " Consume them all, pour out thine indignation, and let them feel thy power. " "But the Lord is mindful of his own" —a tender bit of alto solo, preceded by the recitative announcing that Saul had authority from the High Priest that he might bind any Christian men, women, and children, and bring them into Jerusalem; many were so brought in and condemned to suffer martyrdom in many •ways. But the Lord is mindful of his own ; he remembers His children, and as he journeyed into Damascus there shone around him a light from Heaven ; he fell to the earth, and heard a voice saying, " Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me T' This portion of the oratorio, commencing the conversion of Saul, Mendelssohn has not written in a very atti active manner, as some portions are discordant, though appropriate to the subject. " And lie said Lord, what will thou have me to do ? and the Lord said to him, Rise up, arise, and proclaim the glory of the Lord, for total darkness coy ;ivt,n the kingdom, and gross darkness the people." A solemn chorus follows. "Sleepers, wake: a voice is calling." Saul, who now takes the name of Paul, and who lias been struck with blindness, is led by the hand into Damascus, where he was three days without sight, fasting ; he prays in bitter repentance, as given in the baritone solo : " O God, have mercy ; a broken and a contrite heart is offered before Thee for Thy mercy's sake." And in an allegro movement there is shown a sudden determination on his part to follow out God's commands. " I will speak of Thy salvation ; I will teach transgressors, aud sin.iers shall be converted unto Thee." Ananias is sent to him to tell him he is chosen to preach the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Paul in the next solo, expresses his gratitude to God, " I praise thee O Lord my God, with all my heart," with chorus accompaniment "The Lord is good, he shall dry your tears and heal your sorrows ;" and Ananias laying hands on him he forthwith receives his Bight, is baptised and straightway preaches Jesus in the synagogue ; and the last chorus of the first part, " O great is the depth of the riches of wisdom and knowledge of the Father," concludes the history of the conversion of St. Paul. The people of Germany have a great likin°- for this oratorio, the score of which with all deference to that of the "Elijah," contains some of the finest, most varied, and descriptive parts of orchestration ever conceived by the fertile fancy and vivid imagination of the gifted composer, who takes you by surprises in the sudden bursts of sweet sounds. Of course in this aa in all other oratorios certain portions have to be endured ; but the more these works are known the better will they be appreciated, so truly are the words and music exponents of each other. The second part opens with a quintette chorus, " The nations are now the Lord's," in a grave movement. Paul and Barnabas, selected by the congregation and by command of the Holy Ghost, to preach the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, are sent on their way. " Now we are ambassadors in the name of Christ," a very simple and pleasing duet, followed by a chorus, the melody and harmony being truly Mendelssohnie. " How lovely are the messengers that preach us the gospel of peace," taken up in the first place by the deep rich tones of the alto voicc-s, followed by the firmer ones of the basses. So they departed and preached the word by the way, and were believed of the crowd, but the Jews not wishing to believe in our Saviour, are envious, contradicting the Apostles, and blaspheming, asserting their belief. "Thus saith the Lord, I am the Lord, and beside me is no other;" and they consulted together, and laid wait for Paul that they might kill him, and spake one to another "Is this he who in Jerusalem destroyed all.'calling on the liamebe here preaclieth," reminding Paul of his former persecutions of the Church he now upheld ; being angered they shout "Force him away. Hence ! away," and they call on God in a chorale—"0 Thou the true and only light, direct those who blindly roam;" but they laid no hands on Paul or Barnabas. There was a man at Lystra impotent in his feet, whom Paul observing lie cried to him in a loud voice " Stand upright upon thy feet," and the man stood up and walked; but when the Gentiles saw what Paul had done they cried out " The gods themselves as mortals have descended," and they called Paul Mercurius, and Barnabas Jupiter, and desired to offer sacrifices to them, and adored them, saying—" O be gracious, ye immortals." But the Apostles refused such vain homage, and Paul tries to direct the minds of the people from the worship of false idols, to that of the one living God. " For God dwelleth not in temples made with handf, for the temple of God is holy, which temples ye are." Then the multitude, both of Jews and Gentiles, were angered against them, and cried " This is Jehovah's temple, " referring to the building where they worshipped, accusing them of having spoken against it, and against the holy law, suddenly breaking out with the awful cry "Stone him to death," first by the bass, then each part in succession at intervals of half a bar. But the Lord, whose help is ever nigh, saves Paul from persecution and exhorts him to be " Faithful unto death," and " I will give thee a crown of life." Paul intimates to the elders at Epliesus that he is bound in spirit to go to Jerusalem, and they will see his face no more. They weep and pray, accompanying him to the ship, and saw his face no more, and his followers fully express their feelings in the chorus " See what love hath the Father bestowed onus in his goodness." "To him who has fought a good fight and kept well the faith a crown of righteousness shall be given, not only unto him," the believer sings, "but to all men that love his appearing." So they bless the Lord, and praise his holy name for ever. The Musical Union perform this oratorio on Tuesday evening, April 10th. The members have shown great confidence in themselves, and an unusual determination for so small a Society to undertake this grand work, as it is notoriously one of the most difficult of any of the oratorios. We have no doubt the performance will be given in as creditable and successful a manner as usually characterises the Society's efforts, but the work will not be so easy as that of the " Creation " or "Messiah,"as most musical people have a certain knowledge of these. " St. Paul," on the contrary, is quite new to all here, as we believe no portion of it lias ever been performed in Launceston. The Society has increased in number, and the members generally have been very diligent at rehearsals. The orchestra is much strengthened, some additions having been made in the brass—a want we drew the conductor's attention to at the last performance, and we are glad h e has taken the hint, which shows a desire to merit that encouragement we think the Society justly deserves at the hands of the public, having fulfilled its promise to encourage an increased list of honorary members by giving none but first-class music. It is likely it would not be amiss, seeing that shortly we shall have no theatre, and therefore no place for an Opera Company to appear at, if the Musical Union, by way of change, gave us an opera. It is likely many would be induced to support the Society if a little change of that sort were introduced. We also think by a little more energy on the part of the Committee concerts might be given more frequently. The Society has a large library of music, and are continually increasing their stock, as members' subscriptions are entirely devoted to that purpose. Sir Michael Costa's "Naaman " forms part, and this oratorio will be put in practice immediately after the performance of " St. Paul." We feel pleasure in recommending our friends who have sufficient musical knowledge to join the ranks of the Society. The subscription fee is not heavy, and the music is found by the Society. It is hardly necessary to Bay we hope to see a full house on Tuesday evening. 