EHEU ! I'm a prisoner ol fate in tho blocks, . In the blocks away out nt tlie back ; For my horses are dead, and I'm .nrninR my bread By the sweat of my brow, not tho brains In my hend, An-t of comfort I haven't a snack, Alack! Not the ghost of n streak of a snack. , It's a sweet prett,- plncc, » back block, 'Mia the malice, and mulpnh, and scrub, 'Mid tho sand and the dirt, without e'en a clean shirt, (Not clear wnter enough for n bath, or a squirt,) No laundress to give one a rub, No tub ! No, nothing at all but poor grub. But, society's good in the blocks ! Or, one wouldn't know well wlint to do. With a ' slush 'lamp alight, and Arc burning brigh t; You may pass quite a sweet intellectual nielit, Inn yarn with some strny ' Jnckaroo ' Or two, Who'll ride ov«r to tnste your ' burgoo.' And the change is so froth in the blocks ! That is, when you're camped 011 the run. II a shepherd (we'll »av) pays a visit to day, To-morrow a loafer or tramp comes your'wny, Or some gaol-bird, as sure as a gun, (What fun!) Sneaks up, crc your supper is done, Education'! ' no good' in the blocks, ' ? You find few you can read, or can write ; . But all can 'talk horse,' and expcct you'll endorse ? ? Ev'ry lie that they tell, with another thats' worse ! And they cursc till one's hair stands upright 1 At night! From horror, and loathing, and fright. Perdition'. no name for bnck block', Though the nngels from Hades are here, And ®hen'tucker'tlieyneed,ifyou give them n feed Expecting tbeir thanks', you lean on a reed, They'll rob you next moment — 0I1 dear ! It's queer. But the most of them do it, I fear. Itis morally black in the blocks— . 'Tis a night with the darkness of pitch ! Neither ' super ' nor ' hand ' can nt all understand That obscenity's loathsome, and swearing not grand, Each, a mental disease worse than itch, And which Drowns them both in obscurity's ditch. . That my night wont be long in the blocks, I mostferrently utter and pray, Than bilby and 'possum, to Putney I'll toss 'cm, 'Tn-ta' to scrub hands and the scrubbers who boss 'em, Let each go bisown dirty wny. But, stay— I must wait for the dawning of day ! ? J. P. 