NEWS BY THE MJl(L , OUB' HOME LETTER:- ... {Qmtiautd from June 21.) -???- -'? ? LoudoD, Ma/ 11V -t ' «rtn! cmrlrAVT-Hn-T-j-«-iHiHP' ''?? and his relation* to the War Oifiee nave been ! the subject of some coirmeut lately/ Many im- ' portant detkils of Lord Card well's orgauizatioa schtme were not. it m well known, highly approved' of by His Grace. One import.in-.! itature of that scheme was the closer local au-t adniijL'Istrativeassociatioa o£ the Hue and militia, ? the assimilation of thefr uniform and equip ments, the complete amahjamutiou of each pair of locally-associated line battalions, and the placing of the future bificers'updnorie Vut fo.' promotion and service in the brigade. - Ii* Id7«i the General Order prescribing these change* was issued by the Duke as Commanderin chief and in the Queen's uatae; and in 1376 when' interrogated as a witness upon the* -sub- ject before *»lr. Stanley's Committee, the Duke »aid that he condemned the policy, of that .?rder; tluit it had never been acted upon, ami lie ho^ed- it would nevur be ^acted upoit Then two questions naturally anise1 — ' Why did not His lio\al Highness lesijjii^ rather than issue an outer he £lnu- decidedly diaKVpro«edof^' or 'Why , while tewiniug office, did His Rojral .Highnesd iiitringe an'oruer isWed ' under bis'own hauil:''' To the liist question the answer in that the cir cumstances for which tha order was : designed have uot yet arisen ; h has never been required, and consequently nsver disregarded. The other tjiiefttiuu discussed tsuys ihe Times), namely, the apparent anomaly of the Duke of Cambridge i-MiiLg au order while disapproving of, it, brinys qp the consideration of the real posi tion, oftit.i.illy arid j trson^Ily,' of His Koyal Highjit-8. Ttchnically a^d officially the Duke is simply a general ofiicer, occupying the highest tosition on the stuff of. the army. From this |ioiut of view his status is very much that of fm I't-rmaneut head of a, great department, ac quainted with traditions aiid regulating internal details, whose advice iuid experience are at thti disposal of his political chief, who in such matters possesses an undivided authority, as he Lh bouuu by an undivided responsibility to Par liament. When views contrary to the per maueut official's own art* ultimately adopted it is uot for him by any oilicial act to express his disapproval, but to do his part by carrying these views into effect, and when differences of opinion prevail between the political and the permanent administrator they ought l.ot to tome before the public.. The one exception to this rule is when the permanent otlictr is called upou to give evidence before a I'arliamentary or other public Committee, when he is bound to give his whole opinion*, aud it was while in this position that the Duke expressed his views respecting the General Order of 1873, wtich has been met with an uncertain amount of unfriendly comment. .'It would liardly be candid to deny,' adds the Times, ' that beyoud the technical and purely official view, the present Coinmandei -in-Chief has come personally to occupy another position, and that the advantage of such a state of things is open to remark both as regards the interests of the public on the one hand and His Royal Highnrss's individual comfort and reputation on the other. From his exalted position,' his tiose relationship to the sovereign, bis unsur passed knowledge of his profession, and his per sonal ability and good sense, the Duke of Cambridge possesses an influence far beyond that which would belong to any other general othcer filling the suaie place; and he has there fore come to be regarded as a political persbLagt — as a Minister, in fact, like some of his preJeces.sors, rather than as a staff officer. The public wiiL probably be satisfied if expressions of opinion do nut result in official obstruction or passive resistance to those measures which the responsible War Minister may from time to time consider advisable. THE RuYAL ACADBMY EXHIBITION makes' on the whole a favourable impression, and without much emphasis or enthusiasm miy be pronounced a good one. It shows a slight advance : in the number of its exhibits— 1539 — over that of last year — 1523 ; apropos of, art, I may mention that Mr. Albert Grant's collection of 'picture* was sold by auction about ten days .igo and renlized £lUo*,OGO, or one-third less than the price he originally paid for them. THE BUDGET was discussed on the 12th, just as the last mail was about to leave. With its main features you are doubtless already ac quainted, 'so I need not recapitulate them here. I may add, however, that there i.s a geueral .spirit of relief, to say the least of it, to hear that the Chancellor expects to balance the nation's accounts during the current year without any fresh imposition or ?' rearrangement.' The long-continued depres sion of trade shows as yet so few signs of revival. The liveliest estimate I have seen taken of our position has been in these words: — \- Thongh our commerce is still suffering from the rashnets and inexperience of many of oar rhief customers, and is just now embarrassed by the general uncertainty of political prospects, its energies and its resources are unabated.' THE T8RH1T0TUAL TVATBHS JURISDICTION BILL was introduced to meet the difficulty created by the judgment in the famous Franconia case, where you will remember the British Govern ment disclaimed jurisdiction. The Bill lays down the principle that the portion of the high seas which lies within a distance not exceeding three miles from the seacoast of any territory subject to Her Majesty is part of Her Majesty's dominions, and jurisdiction is to be exercised accordingly. Objection was taken to this three mile limit by most of the speakers on the ground that it would lead to endless complica tions with foreign Goveinments,-and chiefly for that reason and on the understanding that the opinion of other countries on the subject would be ascertained it was agreed to leave the subject in the hands of Government,2and the Bill was withdrawn. - ... THE NEWSPAPER BEOiSTHATIOIt BILL. was the occasion of a long- expected scene with Dr. Kenealy. The object of the Bill was to ? ompel the registration not only of the printer and the publisher hut also of every proprietor in the United Kingdom, and it was pretty generally known that it was the characteristic amenities of the Eiu/lishman and the dodges by which all responsibility for them was evaded which moved Mr. Waddy to bring in his mensnre.' It wonld have been more? judicious had the Doctor stayed at home'; bat it was' the height- of indiscretion, however, for him to mingle in the discussion, and especially to take the tone of injured and indignant innocence. There was some laughter when he declared that he had never been a libeller, and when he went -m to say ?? that he had always been out spoken there was an ironical cheer. It came loudest from the corner of ? the bench close to 'the bar, where there were sitting two ?f his old-enemies— Mr. Sullivan and Major Diroa,1 of Dover — who turned the tables on him with such terrible effect when he ventured to complain of the leniency shown to Colonel Baker. The doctor lost his balance altogether when he heard this cheer, and went off in a burst of rant, boasting that if he had been a ' coward arid slave' he never would have been ruined, and that he wonld not be deterred from speaking the truth by any manifestations which might proceed1 from that ' miserable quarter.' Mr. Sullivan revenged himself by as scathing a bit' of : satire as Dr. Kenealy's worst enemies could have wished for his punishment. I have only known .the 'coward and liar,' Mr. Sullivan said, jnythe honourable profession of journalism to which I belong. Of course all eyes turned to the.member for Stoke, while Mr. Sullivan went on- to observe that ne himself had owned four journals, and always stuck his name in the imprint ;; not if he had been one of those ** wretches7' who shirked responsibility he would have 'put at the head of his paper, 'Edited by Sullivan,' and somebody else's name in the imprint. - The implication was so skil fully conveyed that the Speaker^ could pot interfere. The division, which ended in the rejec tion of the Bill, was over, when Mr. Sullivan, pale as. a ghost, rose in his place and complained that 'Dr. Kenealy had addressed him in the lobby and finished up a short conversation by calling him a liar.' Dr. Kenealy admitted the fact, and having retired, the House decided that he ought to apologize. The Doctor did so, but when the fever of the incident died away it was generally admitted that Mr. Sullivan outran the limits of legitimate invective: and it is now the opinion that the Speaker ought to have in tervened to stop this tew precedent of vitupe ration- by implication. PAKLLUtENTARY REPORTS. An amusing grumble has been got up by the Houseof Commons on its own behalf. A good many members, it seems, were displeased with the inadequacy of the present system of Par liamentary reporting, and a Select Committee was moved for to consider the expediency of providing official reports of the debates. Of course the matter had its comical side, bnt things began to look serious when Mr. Glad stone held that a primtl fac'u case for enquiry had been made out. Newspapers, he held, being commercial concerns, had no obligation but to cater for the public taste, and could not be ex pected to furnish a complete record of every thing which happened in the House or to report those secondary subjects which did not so much interest the public, though it was important that a full record of these should be preserved. He feared the public anxiety to read the .debates of Parliament was not so keen as it nseS to -be, for 40 years' ago there were four papers which reported ' Parliamentary debate*' f nlly,: whil* now there were not more thau two.' ' Mr. Bright, also, though once- opposed to oQiuiul reports, was , now inclined to favour such u scheme,: because,. he held that reporting was worse th in.it .used W; be and must go on getting wowc. ' A'dveiftiie-' Hunts were more proc table to newspapers : than the meat brilliant Parliamentary speeches, and the exigencies of early trains, &c;* compelled thu; papers to omit all reports of what occurred after miduight. , Sooner or later therefore the House. would be compelled itself to furnish 'ihi-~ public with.' reports of its proceedings, and he did not believe that it would add to the length of speeches. The Chancellor of the Exchequer oppoml the motion. Who was to be responsible, he enquired, for official .reports,., and^ how, far were. members to, be allowed to correct. -their, speeches? Official reports would tend to. mul tiply speeches addressed iii the American style to constituents, not to the House*, but the news papers, he suggested, might consider amooj; themselves some organization for improving, thi,1 rt-iorts. The War Secretary,1 the,, Marqui^ ol HartiLgtou, and others also expressed .them selves unfavourably towards the proposal,' and the motion'was negatived by 152 to 1-tf.' ^h^ discussion and the sentiments expressed caused a gctxl deal of derision out of doors. In the language of the Times, the British public has. lost much ,of its interest in Parliamentary debases. They do not pay. The rail and tho electric wire brings everything th^t happens' in a deluge of iuformation after midnight, the wlioie world comes into immediate competition with the House of Commons, and if a speaker. is to be reported ia full he ,mU3t;eclipae'the human race in interest and attractiveness.. Full official reports would never do. *' Hausard', him self, it is hinted, would not object to disesta blishment on fair terms. 'THK'HOMK Rtn.e ' debate attracted more interest than . it might otherwise have done, on account of the result of the Salford election- Mr. Kay, Q.C., the. Liberal candidate, pledged himself to vote for the enquiry into Home Kule, and ria distinct repudiation of' his views was.' issued by the Liberal leaders during the canvass. The result of the election was that by 8.842 votes to 8,372 Colonel Walker, the Conservative, wus returned. The result was rather unexpected, but the defeat of the LibenU candidate was attributed by the Liberals to his unfortunate pledge to the Home Kulers, while the Conserva tives naturally claimed the result as a deliberate approval by an important constituency of the general policy of the Government, . and that ,was . the sense in which, it was accepted by the Tunes. The immediate result decidedly enhanced, the interest attached to the impending discussion, while at the same time it dissipated the in fluences which it was feared would enable the Home Rulers to show a respectable Parliamen- . tary minority to be in favour of their favourite curb for the .woes of Ireland. The subject was introduced into the House of Commons in the form of a demand for a Select Committee to enquire into the nature, extent, and grounds of the demand made by a large proportion of the Irish people for the restoration to Ireland of an Irish Parliament, with power to control the internal affairs of the country. Mr. Butt para plirased this statement by explaining that the ' Irish Parliament should deal with local' affairs, including education, and that the Imperial Par liament should have exclusive cognizance of foreign affairs, peace and war, and other imperial concerns. The arguments adduced by Mr. Shaw in favour of his motion were neither new nor brilliant. He urged that the Imperial Parliament kicked the time, the knowledge, and the capacity to legislate for Ireland, being unable to deal, for instance, with University education; while the Acts which it had passed, such as the Public Health Act and the L^nd Act, had not been found htted for the objects at which they aimed. The independent powers to manage its own affairs would stimulate the material prosperity of the country, for at present Mr. Shaw main tained Ireland was not prospering. As a Pro testant he had no fear of lioman Catholic tyranny, for religious bigotry was dying ..out in Ireland. , In conclusion, he offered the. question as part of a future Imperial policy for the Liberal party. Decidedly the most able and argumentative speech in reply was that of Mr. * Forster, whose sagacious and statesmanlike handling of the question is highly spoken of. Suppose Home Kule to he granted, he said, there will then be three Parliaments side by side vi i th the Imperial Parliament. To 'define the respective spheres of the local and Imperial Legislatures will require 'a Statute— 7 in Other words, our ancient historic Constitution 13 to be exchanged for a written Constitution, with all its inconveniences. There must also be some body to interpret this written Constitution, and either we must have recourse to the American system of a Supreme Court, or to the Austro Hungarian plan, by which the Emperor's despotic will decided all differences between the two countries.' He further pointed out that Ireland would no longer have the same interest in the colonies and in India, and that Irish' members would not have the same influence in Imperial politics. Al though he was ready to consider any suggestion for saving the time of Parliament by enlarging the functions of the local authorities all over the country, he was not prepared to sanction this attack on ths integrity of the Empire. Mr. Shaw's resolution was negatived by 417 to 67 Thirteen English members supported the motion; no Scotch member did so. I fear the hope' expressed by so many of the speakers that we have heard the hist of the proposal is too sanguine. Home Kule is a hardy annual. THE BURIALS BILL introduced into the House of Lords by the Duke of Richmond and ' Gordon has tapped a fruitful source of discussion, and the agitation .will no doubt reach its climax when the Bill comes to be discussed in the Lords. The con cessions which the Bill makes to the Noncon formists are very moderate indeed, and have been accepted in a spirit of something less than thankfulness. The Bill will have a hard time o£ it in the House of Commons, and with the facilities which the Home Rule obstructives afford for paralyzing business '-it would not be difficult to settle the Bill altogether. The Go vernment, on the other hand, seem bent on carrying the measure, and probably some of the ! tireeziest work of the session will occur in Com riittee. The representatives of the various dis senting bodies are unanimous in asserting that the Bill cannot be accepted as a 'final or satis factory settlement of the question. ? I ALLEGED FALtCBE OF THE IRISH LA1TO BILL. j Ingratitude is the mildest word which can be applied to to those Irish members of Parliament ?who, from enthusiastic admirers of Mr. Glad- ' stone's legislation, have veered round, and are dowbusy denouncing it. The O'Donoghue is not much of an authority, it is true, upon any subject except, perhaps, the difference between Scotch and Irish whisky — a matter which, by tbe-by, has not been entirely expiscated. The motion on which the hon. member made a characteristic speech was to the effect that further steps should be taken for protecting Irish tenants against rack-renting and eviction One gentleman who supported the motion de precated the use of the term ' fixity of tenure.' which had cropped up in the course of the dis cussion, but advocated a mode of settlement by which tenants would be fixed on the soil by leases renewable for ever. The discussion took place on the 27th April, and on the 1st of May a Committee of the House of Commons was, on the motion of Mr. Shaw Lefevre, appointed to enquire into the operation of the ' Bright clauses' of the Land Act, under which tenants had certain facilities given to enable them to acquire their holdings in property. What help the Committee will give to the settlement of this vexed question, or whether it will contri bute one iota towards that desired en J, remains to be seen. VIVISECTION. has not dropped out of the list of our annual sensatiocs, and on the ground that the Act of last year was inefficient & new Bill on the subject was introduced on the 4th inst., the gist of which lay in the 4th section, by which it was proposed to forbid all cruel operations even with anesthetics except for the purpose of alleviating pain or curing the injured animal. There was hardly any repetition this year of that brilliant attack and defence of scientific men which the discussion of last year's Bill occasioned, although a good many of the details of the speeches delivered on that occasion were reproduced this year with variations. It was stated by Sir H. Selwyn Ibbetson that the Act of last year has been effectual for its purposes, and that the physiologists have exhibited a hearty desire to carry out its provisions not only in letter but in spirit. The absolute and entire prohibition of the practice is an end which will never be reached. In the course of the debate a Scotch member of Parliament mentioned that the late Sir James Y. Simpson, of Edinburgh, obtained from Dr. Playf air, M.P. (at that time Professor of Chemistry in the University'), substances to test as anaesthetics, and once he obtained a substance which was tried on rabbits which awoke without exhi biting any bad effects. It was arranged that Sir James and his assistants should try the experiment on themselves the next day, but it was then found that the rabbits were deid. The sacrifice of a few rabbits was therefore the rr enpt of paving thi invaluable life of Sir Jajnes ? Y. Simpson and the-lives of bis assistants. | BOYAL irTEBART VcKD. £? . At the 88th anniversary dinner of the fund, held oil Wednesday, Lord Derby took occasion to make some remarks on the prospect of Eng lish! literature. We were a reading nation, and compared to Continental countries the demand for li terary productions was something enormous. As io the quantity of literature of a fairly high class, there'was no^'doubi; the only question one ever beard asked was whether the quality was tqtijiliothe quantity,.- Upon that point he thought they must not ' be '?unreasonable. Many » work might do good service in its time, even although that time was short. In regard to ths compara tively small portion of literature' destined to survive he did not think it would prove inferior to that which, had;,gg.ne before ,it. , The^ works which recorded the manners and. feelings of the priyate life of -bnrage -will in bis opinion; hot only ' bear 'comparison twith,- but may fairly^ claim superiority over anything of. the same kind written in preceding times!- ' '-?-'?''?' i iU ?' : . CHCRCH AJfD STATE_ have given;ns a'fair shar^* of controversy ?within the; p^st few weeks. The rumour that Mr. Tooth had. resigned* fhe .Hiving 'of Sri James's, Hatcham, has'nlW contradicted by that gentle man, sowosbalLhave him back again' in due course. - An influential portion. of the Hight Church 'pafiy have entered upon a* course the1 cciilusioii .of; which, .it is . difficult to f prestge. Their aim at present is to avoid any -.alteration, which may* be made in the conditions and cir cuinstauces of the Church by the will of Parlia ment nioue, and that no stops ought to be taken by which uuy inatter .affecting the. worship : of . faith of the Church of England would b*e carried into Parliament, especially at the present time. Complete. spiritual independence is the gist of such a movement. Dean Stanley is the spokes mail of quite another 'order of clerical statea manshipvitnd/ protested against .the, assumption that the assent of Convocation was necessary before there could be any ecclesiastical legisla tion in Parliament. While he was ready to admit the inconvenience :of. Parliament legislating » njon matters actually in dependence before the House, the , trenieudous difference in principle which the two' positions imply has not been overlooked by obseryers|here. The unreasona bleness of the claim, to say the least of it, put forward by the High. Church party, is the more wonderful when we consider that Parliament has not, at least for many a year, endeavoured to enforce changes affecting the worship of the Church without the consent of ,Co& vocation.. It was not an unfitting' prelude to the May meetings of the different denominations' that the ?jrieunial Conference of the ; LIBERAU0X.S0CIEIT..., „ commenced its sittings on the last day of April. There was not too much to;- be 'thankfol for in the way of work'- actually 'accomplished/ -? Scot land was selected as the happy hunting-grounds, towards -which the efforts of the Society are in the immediate future to be chiefly directed. Perhaps the meeting was more remarkable for its strictly political feeling than for. any display of its own specialty; and 'the enthusiasm with which the mention of Mr. Gladstone and his famous resolutions was greeted was significant. The Established Church in the meantime is presenting an unbroken front towards this par ticular aspect of Church politics, and Mr. Cross's new Bill for the establishment of four new bishoprics in England— one at Liverpool, & second at Halifax or 'Wakefield, & third at Nottingham, and a fourth for the County of Northumberland— i3 her practical response to the movement. UPHEAVALS V* SCOTLAND. ., Considerable commotion has been caused both in Scotland and England by. the, action of the English Episcopalian congregations in the former country in securing a Bishop all to them selves. The body-is very weak in point of num bers, although it owns among its adherents some men of wealth and position. Various endeavours havefrom time to time been made to induce them to amalgamate with the Scotch Episcopalians, but neither moral suasion nor. coercion could induce them to do so. The feeling between the sects at present is very bitter, and the contagion has passed the Border. Bishop Beckles, who . has acepted the superintendence of the English Episcopalians, was formerly in Sierra Leone, but at the time of his nomination held an office in St. Paul's Cathedral ; and the Bishops of the k Scotch Episcopalian Church ' have, induced their brethren in the English Establishment to discountenance Bishop Beckles aud his pro ceedings. The hitter, however, means to stick to his guns, but the matter has led to an amount of ' clerical' language in the papers which has been quite astonishing. Although the Bishop has held his first confirmation in Scotland and formally announced his acceptance of the charge, efforts are still being made to induce him to alter his mind, or failing that to get quit of him otherwise. Both efforts will probably fail. The famous heresy case against Professor Robertson Smith, of Aberdeen, for his articles on the inspiration of the Scriptures in the Encyclopedia Britannica is likely to come to a point shortly, the Aberdeen Presbytery having resolved to push the matter forward so as to have the case ripe for the consi deration of the Free Assembly, which is to meet in Edinburgh towards the end of this month. I hear there exist wide differences of opinion in the Free Church concerning Professor Smith, and the case is not likely to be easily settled. Some slight shocks of earthquake were reported from Oban, Argyleshire,, about a fortnight ago, but nothing serious ! KOTAL GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY. ! At a meeting of the Council of the Royal Geographical Society, held 23rd April, the Koyal Medal was awarded to Captain Sir George S. Nares, R.N., for having commanded the. Arctic Expedition of 1875-6, and for his geographical services in command of the Challenger Expedi tion; and [to Pundit Main. Singh, for having added a greater amount to our positive know ledge . of the map of. Asia, particularly in the Thibetan and Himalayan region, than any indi vidual of our time. A gold watch with an appropriate inscription was at the same time awarded to Captain Markham, K .N, for having commanded the northern division of sledges in the Arctic Expedition of 1875-6, and for having planted the Union Jack in 83° 207 2Q' N.— a higher latitude than had ever been reached by any previous expedition. i . . THE CATTLB FLAGTJB. , . \ .'.' \- About three weeks ago an Order in. Council was passed by which the Privy Council have assumed the power of exercising the whole functions of the local' authorities throughout the ' police! district of the metropolis. 1 Since' March 28 there have betn three outbreaks of cattle plague in London on 22 different pre mises. The number of stock in these was 462, and 85 had ! been attacked. It is hoped' the disease is diminishing. In the 22 cases men tioned 14 animals had died, 71 diseased animals and 376 healthy animals had been killed, and only one healthy cpw remained' alive. Con siderable alarm exists among the owners of stock, and there is a strong movement on behalf of the agricultural interest in favour of strong measures to prevent the proposal that all cattle should be slaughtered at the ports of embar kation except such as are intended and entered as store stock, and that such live stock so entered shall be admitted only under regulations of strict quarantine and inspection at port3 of landing. The result of the Orders in Council, at least so far as the metropolitan cattle market is concerned, is that much uncertainty and disquietude prevails in the trade, and, as a consequence, only pressing needs are supplied. The provincial reports are not reassuring. Quo tations are difficult to obtain and to a great extent untrustworthy. The want of buyers is keenly felt, and at some places trade is quite at a standstill. . . .* ' .. : THE UNFORTUNATE NOBLEMAN now languishing in prison has been 'demon- strated' about lately. On April 17 a great meeting was held in Hyde Park, and a resolu tion that the trial and conviction of the Claimant constituted an infraction of the law was carried by 50,(300 to 1. Mr. De Morgan, who was at the head of it all, then proposed, in jccoichnce with bis programme, to march with dis friends to the bar of the House of Commous to tlemaud a hearing, and a good many people assembled to see the fun. The proceedings went off, however, very quietly, Mr. De Morgan and a few of his friends, who were admitted to the lobby of the House, being informed through the medium of Mr. WhaDey that the Home Secretary would receive a deputation on the subject on the following day. This was accord ingly granted, and from the report of the inter view it appears that the actual cost of the trial bas not, in the opinion of the convict's friends, been fairly published. The answer of the Secretary of the Treasury to Mr. Whalley in the House of Commons, that the total cost of the trial, including everything, amounted to £60,000 odd, ought, one wonld have thought, to have boeu conclusive on the point ; but there is no pleasing some people. THE TRADE OF THE UNITED STATES. The influence of the war upon the commerce and industry of the United States has been variously estimated here. In some departments there is no doubt a spurt has taken place. Statements have been made to the effect that Turkey has received over 300,000 stand of arms from the Providence Tool Company within the. past two years under a contract to furnish 500JCCO~ Peabody'giuiB — a breecfc-lbading rifle lunihun to the Martini-Henry. The Turks have, contracts with various firms in that couutry for 2001000,000 rounds of metallic cartridges, while Russia, it is stated, has also received a good supply of arms from America. Statistics have also been adduced to prove that the war his given a filip to the corn trade, while the tremendous increase in imports of American beef bas^created quite a sensation of itself. All this activity could hardly pass without remark, and! the Time* had a leader bat week containing some things which cooM hardly be palatable to some of our American cousins. ' There is one part of the world,' said the paper, 'in which . the' war now commenced between Russia and Turjkey is viewed with almost unlimited satisfaction. The Americans perceive that .the! wider the field the greater the; waste, the! more there will be for us to do, and the more for us to sell. Let it be allowed 'that the trade in corn, in provisions, and in Ermy 'and navy stores becomes suddenly stimulated. What then? It will be simply that those trades have received an accidental, an artificial, and an unwholesome stimulus ; and that whenever peace is made, as it must be sooner or later, the temporary fabric of Ameri can commerce 'will collapse, and the end will be worse than the beginning. There could not be a greater illusion than to suppose that war can at any time or to any nation, however free from the* danger of being entangled init.be a real benefit. A trade which depends upon a state of war between Russia and Turkey is not safe from month to month, still less from year to year. The Americans would do better to look at home than abroad ; hopes founded on the necessities of a European war can only encounter the dis appointment which, we must needs add, they desierve.^ All this our friends may say is envy, but really the Americans have been too eager to grasp at the' first signs, as they thought, of a re y ivpl in trade, altogether 'regardless of its soitrce. .The general aspects of commerce in other branches remain unchanged. ; ' - 