[?] by chabLbs beabe. toob-mamsu's letteb. ' 'Dearlfadum, Your kind and valued letter reached us in deep affliction : and I ail little able to reply to you os you deserve, Jly j-oor liueband is very ill ; so ill that be no lo'uger remflmbers die past, neither tbe brave acts that have .won him your esteem, nor even the Jace of hii loving and unhappy wife, wuo now thanks you with many tears for your sweet letter.' Heartbroken as jny pbildren and 1 are, we yet derive sonib 'consolation from it. We have tied tbe medal round his ' neck, madam, and thank you tar more than we can find words to express. In conclusion, I pray heaven that, in your bit terest hour, you nmy iiad the consolation you have administered to us: no, no, 1 pray you may never, never stand in such need of comfort, I am, Dear Madam, Vouf s gratefully and sincerely, Lucy Dobd.' 'Dec. 10th, Sunday. At St. Anne's in the morn ing. Tried.hard to apply the sermon. He spoke of griefs, but bo coldly ; surely he never felt one : he was not there. Mem.: always pray against wandering thoughts on entering pkurch. ' Dec. 11th. A diary is a dreadful thing. Every thing muet go down now, and, amongst the rest, Unit the poor are selfish. I could not interest one of mine jn mamma's' Borrows ; no, they must run back to their own little sordid troubles, about mouey and things. 1 was so provoked with Mrs. Jackson (she owes mamma fio much) that I left her hastily : and that was impatience. I had a mind to goMck to hur ; but would not; and that was pride. Where is my Christianity ? A kind letter from Jane llardie, but no word of him.' 'Dec. 12th. To-day Edward told me plump 1 must not go on taking things out of the bouse for the poor : mamma gave me the reason. ' We are poor ourselves, iliauke to ? ' And then she stopxred. Does she suspect? How can she? She did not hear those two dreadful words of papa's ? They are liko two arrows in my heart. And so we are poor: she says we have scarcely anything to live upon nfter paying the two hundred and fifty pounds a year for papa.' 1 'Dec. 18. A comforting letter from Jaus. She sends me Hebrews xij. 11, and saya, ' Let us take apart of the Bible, and rend two chapters prayer fully, at tbe same hour of the day: will ten o'clock jn tbe morning suit youp and, if so, will you choose where to begin ?' I will, sweet friend, 1 will : and then, though some cruel mystery keeps ns apart, our souls will be together over the sacred page, as 1 hope they will oue day he together in heaven ; yours will at any rate. Wrote back, yes, and a thousand thanks, and should like to begin with the Psalms: they are sorrowful, and so are we. And I muet pray not to think too much of lam. If everything is to bo put down one doce, I cried long and bitterJy to find 1 had written that I must pray to God against him.' 'Dec. 14th. It is plain lie never jjiasns to come again. Mamma says nothing, nut that is out of pity for me ; 1 have not read her dear face fill these years for nothing. She is beginning to think him luwortliy, when she thinks of him at all. There is a mystery ; a dreadful mystery : inhy he cot be as myatliifxl loo, and perhaps tortured like me with doubts and suspicions? they say he is pale aud dejected. Poor thing ! But then oh why not come to me and say so ? Shall I write to him ? So, 1 will cut my hand off sooner.' 'Dec. lutb. A blessed letter from Jane. She says, 'I-etter writing oa ordinary subjects is n siul waste of time aud very unpardonable among His people.' And so it is ; sod my weak hope, daily disappointed, that there may be something in her letter, ouly shows how inferior I am to toy beloved l'rieud. She says, ' 1 should like to fix another how tor us two to aieet at the Throne together: willlive o'clock suit you? we dine at six: hut 1 am never more than half an hour dressing.' The friendship of this saint, and her bright ex ample, is what Heaven sends me in infinite mercy ond goodness to soothe my achieg heart a little: for him 1 shall ricver pee again, 1 have seen him this rcry evening. It was a beautiful uight : I went to look at— the world to come I call it— for I believe tbe redeemed are to inhabit those very stars hereaf ter, and visit ihetn all in turn— and this world 1 now liBd is a world of sorrow and disappointment — so I went on the balcony to look at a tetter one ; and oh it seemed so holy, so calm, so pure, that heavenly world : 1 gazed and stretched my hands towards it for ever so little of its holiness and purity; and, that moment, I heard a sigh. I looked, and there stood a gentleman just outside our gate, and it was liim. 1 nearly screamed, aud mylieait beat so. He did not eee me: for 1 had come out softly, and .'iifi poor head was down, down upon liis breast ; and he used to carry it so high, a little, little while oco ; too high some said ; but not I. 1 looked, and my misgivings melted away ; it Hashed on me as if one at those stars had written it with its own light iu my heart— ' There stands Grief; not Guilt.' And beforsi knew what I was about I had. whispered 'Alfred!' The poor boy started and ran towards me: but stopped short and sighed again, My heart yearned ; but it was not for me to make advances to him, after his unkind ness : so I spoke to him as coldly as ever I could, and 1 said, ' You are unhappy.' He looked up to me, and them I saw even by that light that he is enduring n bitter, hitter struggle ; so pale, so worn, so dragged ! Now how many times liavu I cried, this last month? more than in all the rest of my life a great deal, lln liappy !' he mid ; ' 1 must be a contemptible thing if 1 was not unhappy.' And then he asked me should notl despise him if ho was happy. I did not answer tbut : but I asked him why he was unhappy. And when I had, I was half frightened ; for he never evades a question the least bit. ? lie held his head higher still, and said, 'I am unhappy because 1 cannot fee the path of houour. Then I babbled something, I forget what ; then he went on like this— ab, 1 never forget what he says- he said Cicero says jKquites ipsa lucet per se ; something Eigniflcat' something else ; and he repeated it elowiy for me, he knows Ikuowalittle Latin ; and told mn that was as much as to say ? Justice is so clear a thing, that whoever hesitates must be -on the road of wrong. And yet,' he said, bitterly, '1 hesitate and doubt, in a matter of right and wrong, like an Academic philosopher weighing asd balancing Jnere speculative straws.' Those were his very words. ' And so,' said he, ' I am miserable ; deferring to be miserable.' Then I ventured to remind him that be and I and all Christian souls, bad a resource not knows to heathen philosophers, however able. And I eaid, 'Dear Alfred, when I' am jn doubt and difficulty, I go and pray to Him to guide me aright; lieve you done so.?' No, that had never occurred to him ; but he would, it I made a point of it ; and at any rate . he could not go oa in tbis way; 1 should soon see him again, end, once his mind was made up, bo shrinking from mere con sequences, he promised me. Then we bade one another good night, and Jte went off holding his head as proudly as he: used; and poor silly me fluttered, sad nearly. hysterical, as soon as I quite lost sight of liiial' ? 'Sec. 17th. At^church iu tbe morning: ti good -sermon. Notes and analysis. In the evening Jane's clergyman preached.' She came. Going out I nsked her a question about what we had heard, but ehe did not answer me. At parting sbe told me -she made amle not to speak coming from church, notoren cbout the sermon. This seemed austere to poor me. But of course she is right. Ob, that 1 was-likeiier.' 'Dec lSthi Edward is coming out. This boy, that one has taught all the »encb, all tbe dancing, and nearly all the Latin he knows, turns out to be one's superior, infinitely ; I mean in practical good sense. Mamma bad taken- ber pearls to the jeweller and borrowed two hundred pounds. He found this out and objected. Sbe told him a part of it was required to keep him at Ox ford. ' Ob, indeed,' said be ; and we thought of course there was as end: but next morning he -was off before breakfast, and the day atter he returned from Orford with his caution money, fort? pounds, end gave it to mamma ; she had forgotten *)J about it. And be had taken bis name oil the college books and left tbe university for ever. The poor, gentle tears of mortification ran ddwn his mothers cheeke, and I hung round her neck, and scolded him like a vixen ; *** j am. ' 'DoWtat]ecogluttlonrosltini-u: Injuria. We might have spared tears and fury both, for he is naiflier fcTwmeljSltiojf irritate^ byp^oor litfle us.' He kissed usanS coaxed 11s like ft superior being, and set to work in bis quiet, sober, pon derous way, and proved us a couple of fools to onr entire iaUifaeeon, and that without au unkind frord : tor he is as gentle as a lamb, and as strong in ten thousand elephants. He took the money back and brought toe pearls home again, and he has written '6oyez de yotre Siecle ' ih great large letters, and has pasted it on all our three bedroom doors, iMide. And he has been all these years quietly cutting up the Moiitiny Advertiser, &D;& arranging the sups with wonderful skill and method, lie calls it 'digesting the' JVeer.' and you can't ask for any modern information, great or small, but hell find you something about it in tiiis digest. Such « folio 1 It takes a man to open and shut it. - And lie means to be a sort of little papa in tbis house, and mamma means to let him. And indeed it is so sweet to be commanded : besides, it saves thinking for oneself; and that is such a worry.' * Dec. lOtii. Yes, they have settled it : we are to leave here, and live in lodgings to save servants. How we are to exist even so, mamma cannot see ; but Edward can; lie says we two have got popular talents, and he knows the markets (what does that mean, I wonder) and the world in general. 1 asked him wherever he picked it up, his know ledge: he said, 'Jn the 'Tiser' I asVed him would he leave tile place where she lives. He looked sad, but said, 'Yes: for the good of us all.' So be is better than I am ; but who is not t I wasted an imploring look on him ; but not on mamma; she looked back to me, and then said sadly, ' Wait a few days, Edward, for — my sake.' That meant for poor credulous Julia's, who still believes in him. My sweet mother !' ' Dec. 21st. Told mamma to-dBy I would go for & governess, to help her, since we are all ruined. She kissed me and trembled ; but ebe did not say ' No :' so it will come to that. He will be sorry. When I do go, I think I shall find courage just to send him a line: just to say I am suite he is cot to blame for withdrawing. Indeed, how could 1 ever marry & man whose father X have heard my father call ? ' (the pen was drawn through the rest). 'Dec. 21st. A miserable day; low spirited and hysterical. We are really going away. Edward has begun to make packing cases ; 1 /stood over aim and sighed, and asked him questions ; he said he was going to t&ko; unfurnished rooms in London, send up what furniture is absolutely necessary, and sell the rest by auction, with .the lease of our dear, dearnousc, where we were all ao happy ones. So, what with his knowledge of the markets, and the world, aud his sense, and his strong will, we have only to submit. And then he is so kind, too ; ' Don't err, little girl,' he said. ' Not but wiiat 1 coma turu on the water* myseu if there was anything to be gained by it. Shall I cry, Jit,' said lie, 'or shall I whistle? I think 111 whistle.' And he whistled a tune right through while he worked with a heart as sick as my own, perhaps. Poor Edward !' ' Dec. 23rd. My Christian friend has her griefs too. But then she puts them to profit ; she says to-day, 'We are both tasting the same flesh crucirying but soid-profiting experience.' Her ever)' word is a rebuke to me ; torn at this solemn season of the year with earthly passions. Went down after reading her letter, and played and sang the Gloria in excelsis of Pergolesi, with all my sou!. And, on repeating it, burst out crying in tbe middle. Oh shame! shame!' 'Dec. 24th. Edward started for London at five in the morning to take place for us. The servants were next told, and received warning ; the one we had the poorest opinion of, sbe is such a flirt, cried, and begged mamma to let her share our fallen for tunes, and said she could cook a little and would do her best. I kissed her violently, and quite for got I was a young lady till she herself reminded me ; and ebe looked frightened at mamma. But mamma only smiled through her tears and said, 'Think of it quietly, Sarah, before you commit yourself.' ?1 am now sitting in my old room, cold as a stone ; for I have packed up some things ; so the firQf atoll ic nnttmlWr tnl'nn Hli if 1 lint. Irnpw iat he was happy ! Then 1 could endure anthing. Hut bow csd I think so? Well, 1 will go, and lever tell a soul what I suspect. And be cannot «11, even if lie knows; font is his father. Jane, joo, avoids all mention of her own father and jrother more than is natural. Oh, if I could only be a child again ! Regrets are vain ; I will cease even to record .hern; these diaries feed one's selfishness, and the mfortunate passion, that will make me a bad laughter and an ungrateful soldier of Him who ras bom as to-morrow; to your knees, false airistian I to your knees ! ' ? 1 am calmer now ; and feel resigned to the will }£ Heaven ; or benumbed ; or something. I will [-ock tbis bos and then go down and comfort my mother ; and visit my poor people, perhaps for the last time; ah me! A knock at the street door! His knock! I oiow every echo of bis hand, and his foot. Where is my composure now ? I flutter like a bird. L will not go down. He will think I love him 90. At. least I will wait till he has nearly gone. Elizabeth haB come to say I am wanted in tbe drawing-room. So 1 muBt go down whether I like or no.' Bedtime. Oh that I had' tbe pen of a writer to record the scene 1 have witnessed, worthily. When I come in, I found mamma and him both suaiuu jji uuau tsueuvo, nv iu&u; anu. juukcu at ulc and I at him : and years seemed to have rolled over bis face since last 1 saw it; I was obliged to turn my head away ; 1 curtseyed to liim distantly, and may Heaven forgive me tor that: and we sat down, and Dresently turned round and all looked at one another like the gboste of the happy crea tures we once were altogether. Then Alfred began, not in his old imperative voice, but scarce above a whisper; and oh the words such as none but himself in tbe wide world would have spoken— I love him better than ever ; I pity him ; I adore liim ; he is a scholar ; he is a chevalier ; he is the soul of honour ; he is tbe most unfortunate and proudest gentleman beneath the sun ; oh, my darling ! my darling 1 1 He said, 'Mrs. Dodd, and you Hiss Dodd, whom I loved before 1 lost the right to ask- you to be mine, and whom I shall love to the last hour of my miserable existence, I am come to explain my own conduct to you, and to do you an act of simple justice, too long delayed. To begin with myself, you must know that my understanding is of the academic school : I incline to weigh proofs before t make up my mind. But then 1 differ from that school in this, that I cannot think my self to an eternal standstill ; (sucli an expression ! but what does that matter, it was his ;) I am a man of action ; in Hamlet's place I should have either turned my ghost into ridicule, or my uncle into a ghost ; so I kept away from you -while in doubt ; but, now I doubt no longer, I take my line ; ladies you have been swindled out of a large sum of money.' My blood ran cold at those words. Surely nothing on earth butamau could say this right out like that Mamma and I looked at one another ; and what did I see in her face, for the first time ? Why that she had her suspicions too, and bad been keeping them from me; Pitying angel ! He went on : Captain Dodd brought home several tbousand'pounds ?' Mamma said ' Yes.' And I think she wits going to say how mucb, but lie stopped her and made her write tbe amount in an envelope, while he took another and wrote iu it with his pencil ; he took both envelopes to me, and asked me to read them out in turn. I did ; and mamma's said four teen tiousand pounds, and his said fourteen thousand pounds. Mamma looked such a look at me. Then he turned to me: 'Miss I-odd, do you re member that night you and I met at Richard Uardie's door. Well, scarce five minutes before that, your father was standing on our lawn and called to the man, who was my father, in aloud voice— it rings in my ears now— ' Hardie i Villain 1 give me back my money, my fourteen thousand pounds, give me my children's money, or may your children die before your eyes.' Ab, you wince to Jiear me whisper these dreadful words ; what, if you bad been where I was, and beard them spoken, and in a terrible voice; tbe voice of Despair ; tbe voice of Truth ! Soon a window opened cautiously and a voice whispered, ' ITusii ! I'll bring it you down.' And tbis voice was tbe voice 'of fear, of dishonesty, and of .Richard Hardie.' 'Whit do you Bell those fowls for?' inquired a person of a mm attempting to dispose ot.aoms chickens of a qgeitioBfcble appearance. ' I sell them for profits,' was the answer. 'Thank you for the Snforantton. that -iiiey. *re prophets,' responded tie querist; ' I «wk them to be patriarchs,' 