2'urf Sotes anil \aiiicip* lions. i With the exception of the year when The I Dirk and want of condition, beat Chieftain for the Turf Club Handicap, not one of our local meetings has been anything like a really j successful one, since 1S68. Meagre entries, small fields, and hollow contests, have been i the rule, almost without exception, notvvith- : standing that fairly liberal prizes have been offered year after year since then ; and it is no use trying to blink tbe fact that, on the whole, Maryborough racing is a dead failure. We are not a sporting community, but neither is Bris bane, nor Ipswich ; yet Brisbane and Ipswich manage to give away as much money, in pro portion, (the latter town a great deal more) to their population as Melbourne and Sydney, and their races, considering the geographical position of, aud means of access to, the towns, fill as weli as any over the border, are gene rally well contested and excellently con ducted. Various circumstances contribute to our failure in sporting ventures, as in every thing else that we undertake. We are not only essentially a non sporting community, but we are a canting community. '? We ob ject to racing as a principle ; if our money were asked for a charitable or an educational purpose, or for a church, we wouid give cheer fully, but we protest against the immorality of racing ; we would even give a guinea gladly, if the gift would ensure the abolition of rac ing, and we sand the sugar, and poison the grog, and shorten the yard, and put paper in the scales, and curse the Inspector of Weights and Measures in our hearts, and slip in through the rjils on to the course at race time, and advertise on the backs of the K'reot Cyard6, and, in short, we maintain our virtue behind our counters until the collector for the races asks the price of a camp oven, or buys six penny worth of cheese, and then we think, yes — after all — well —yes— hum, if arf-a-crowu is of any use to you and you'll give us a share of your custom, here it is, and damn the ex pense, and the principle aloug with it.' Then a^ain, we are a jealous and sensitive community, and we won't give to the races unless we can patronise the races be put on the committee, or figure in the papers as stewards. But I am a prophet, not a parson, a very near relative of — if not the real— ' Joe Muggins's Dog.' Truth compels me' to 1 say, then, that without enquiring further int 9 the reasons why and wherefore (which might offend some over sensitive souls who, I assure them, are not in my mind's eye at the present _ moment, however, their consciences may con- * vince thein that they are or ought to be), the races promise, this morning, at least, to form no exception to the rule of failure. The list of general entries is most discourag ing ; two only going for the Trial Stakes, five for the Handicap ; and the District Plate can only manage to muster five horses to run for the liberal home prize ; only one of the latter i being bred or owned within sixty miles of Maryborough, one of them hailing from Rock hampton, another from Gympie, another from ^ the Burnett wilds, and a fourth from Brisbans. While the Corinthian draws only three ; two of them from the 6ame stable. Mirza and Whalebone have it between them for the Trial Stakes, and those who '? funked' Mr. Purcell's Marquis will be vexed to find their .-Jk bugbear not in the list of entries ' If they'd only a' know'd 1 they weren't afraid of Whale- ? bone nor Mirza 1' but, as far as this event goes, Whalebone and Mirza are not afraid of them, and it needs no ghost from the. grave to tell us that one of the pair will win, if not the other. Under the circumstances, my vote t is for Whalebone, as I think he has the heels of the other, and he has proved his ability to get the distance. The Handicap is looked upon as a foregone conclusion for Chieftain ; and I think he will 1 win it ; though, for all that, it isn't ' all over but shouting,' and the field ore « in it,' on j paper. Little Dick's victory at Ipswich was no fluke, in the sense of its being the runaway win with a light weight, of a horse who, by accident, got a commanding lead and couldn't be caught ; for he was behind, outpaced, for more than a mile, and, the field coming back to him, he worked his way through to the front, disposing of the cracks one after another, and 4 won a hard fought race honestly and creditably. . Herod is. or was, a race horse, and if he can't win should go to the stud after his spin in the Town Plate to-morrow, where the distance is half-a-mile shorter ; but I should be sorry to bo on. or against bim ; and he will either be facile prinoeps, or a bad last. Philosopher's performances have been creditable heretofore, but the distance is a little too far for him, and he will be more dangerous to-morrow than to day, i Princess Thyta is a good-looking powerful brown mare, by Royallieu out of Jewess, there- J fore well-bred enough for any company, and as she comes here with a reputation for staying powers of no common order, coupled with & fair turn of speed, she will be supported for a place, and probably justify her backers by obtaining one. She is as '? fit as a fiddle, at the right end of the year for mares, and her owner is a man of such excel lent judgment, that his opinion, as indicated ^ by his acceptances, is worth following. If she wins the Handicap, there will be enough left in her to dispose of the lot opposed to her in the District Plate without much difficulty, and of her antagonists for the local prize I appre hend the most danger from Sultan, whose class, in his best form, is higher than that of the rest He showed great speed at Tiaro in com- j pany of Chieftain, Mariner, and Garibaldi, for j though the two latter got away badly, he , J brought Chieftain to the whip, ere the grey 1 could shake him off, and though Chieftain won ' easily at last, it was a r oe between them for more than three quarters of a mile. On the other hand, Dr. Power's horse has recently shown inferior form, which makes him little, if any, better just now than Jibboom, the Gympie champion ; a horse lately described to me by ?' a sweet girl graduate' in turf matters, as a rank -'duffer.' Virginia will have to be j ?' three stone' a better mare than she has ever . been yet, to be near the front at the finish ; and the distance is not far enough for Mr. Carter's handsome horse, Mirza. The result of the Turf Club Handicap will go far to settle the question as to the winner of ?' The orinthian,' but the mare is perhaps a better welter weight carrier than the grey, whose performances under welter weights have never been quite satisfactory ; his two victories over Viceroy ought to bave been «? the other c way up,' and would have beeii had ihe riders ' been changed, and Mariner gave him five 1 pounds and beat him after a severe race, in the Farewell Handicap, here, two years ago. With some hesitation, however. I shall give my vote for Chii'itain, on the ground that it is better to adhere to form that one knows, than to meddle with animals only known by repute With the Town Plate I dare not deal' nntil the weights are out, or I shall have Mr. Abraham down upon me to back my double. ? Hipparion, 