[?] No. IV:— Continued from our last. chtjrchlines8 of calvimism. -Dr. Stuart ' Robinson read extracts from a lofcg paper on. " The Churchliness of Calvinism. " . . He said the venerable" Dr. Hodge, ,of Princeton, once related to him how on a certain . occasion pressing Dr! J. Alexander to. write a. brief treatise on, tne Lnurch, as ne naa some time previous . promised , to do, under the. title, "Presbytery Tested by Scripture," that re markable man responded in his peculiar way, " If you will .write the first chapter, and tell me , what the Church' is, I will finish the wprk." (Laughter. ) Such an answer from, so profound a 'scholar "and. 'thinker as Dr. Alexander, was. very significant, as indicating that; throe centuries after the, Protestant Reformation' the leaders of. Protestantism had not yet determined, what -£hb' Church'is, though they had so clearly . determined three hundred years ago what it is' nd(laugHter)4ih '6verfhr6wiiig..the monstrous spiritual corpbration which Rome -had. set up! under a so:callfiid vicar1 of ' Christ,! and "declaring, it to be'hoChdrch but'.the synagogue of! Satan. (Applause.) The suggestion of .the Princeton Professor, went to conflrm the observation of the philosophic German thinker, who before had suggested that of .the four great departments of revealed' truth theology,:anthropology,sotprir ology -ahd ecclesiology— the first three had been developed successfully,, first by the labours of Athanasius, second of Augustine, and third of Luther and Calvin, leavihg the fourth yet tobe. developed. And it' was a noteworthy fact, in . confirmation , of bqth' suggestions, that while evangelical Protestantism, or what, they might call1 the original Protestantism, had since , the Reformation period been in the, main' a unit in regard'- to theology, anthropology,! and soteri- ology; and a unit also in the protest against the ecclesiastical theory of Rome, there has been little unity in regard to the question of . the visible Church'; nor, indeed, much toward settling the idea, nature,, functions, and relations of the Church of Christ on earth. No broad platform of ecclesiology bad yet been found upon, which all Protestants may stand as substantially; agreed. ' The speaker then ad verted at length to various theories of theology, and; then continued — Not only is the creed and the subjective , faith of the Church for four thousand, years the same, evincing it to be one .and'the same body under all dispensations, but the principle of its government is the same under every variety of dispensation. The in visible King carries .on the government through visible officers. of , His own appointment, whom yet the people 'shrillcall.to the exercise of their office. The Dirvid formally appointed by J ehovah Himself must yet struggle, on through long years : of, 'toil and danger, until the voice first of Juddh1 arid then of all Israel shall call him to the exercise of the office to which Jehovah so long before appointed him; And after the same mariner all-ChUrch Rulers. are appointed. Even the' manner of administration of this govern ment; in the. visible'' Church' is seen to be the same — even by tribunals of eldeVs alike in every era. So soon as by the short-comings of. human life the Church could no longer be embosomed in the family, arid governed by her patriarchs, or elders, and 'it. .became needful . to organise both Church and State' as. institutions apart from arid over the family institutions, it would seem that both,''' 'in State and Church elders chosen, to the office took the. place of . the patriarch. For before the national organisation under Moses .it appears there were elders in charge of the covenant people-(laughter)— and to the Presbytery Moses himself — (laughter) — must-needs' exhibit the evidences of his call of God— the Gbd of Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob— to the work of executing the provisions of_ the ancient covenant by the deliverance of His. people frjbm bondage. Moses did not go to Pharaoh ; but on his own hook — (laughter) — he went ori his own mission ; he went to his Presby tery just as you arid I do. (Rbuewed laughter.) Through the elders the ordinance of the passover was given to the Church ; before the' elders, as representatives ,of> the Church, was- , the rock , smitten. To the Church through' her elders, . after . solemn prepara tion, ' were the revelations ' at Sinai made, andthere in formqfa solemn covenant between Jehovah and' His people. The elders partook with Moses of the . solemn sacrificial feast on the mount, preparatory ta the reception of the ritual and 'fecelesiMtipal, law- The elders, with the ' priestsj constituted ' the ecclesiastical courts of appeal of thb . nation. . Even in Israel, . under: the apostacy,.. this'. form of government remained unchanged among the true people of God;; . for " Eliha. sat in his house, and his elders sat with him " (daughter arid Applause. ) And' after the frill .of Israel as a nation the elders assetnble'd," with! the/ prophet Ezekel in their captivity, on the River Cheben. So even in the ' wasted, arid corrupt Jerusalem the form of this appointed court, the Presbytery, survived the apostacy; for 'we learn that a corrupt court of priests and elders condemned Jeremiah to death ; for speaking the warn ings of Jehovah. When Messiah "came unto His -bwn ;and ' His own received 'Him not,", even thenatthq final , apostaoy of the Church Of 'the, old .coyeant, the divinely appointed form, of eccleriastical government is found still surviving, though men "made void this law through their - traditions." Elders ruled in the synagogue; and priests, and elders, constituted the ecclesiastical eouncil that condemned the Son of God. ' Under the dispensation of the Spirit, 'the elders still occupied the same position' toward the Church that they had ocoupied rinder the old dispensation, having been appointed by- the Holy Ghost to take oversight of -the flook. -' -And -again in the vision of the Seef of P&tirios;, he beheld through the door, opened in ;Heaven the glorious Church of the future, as "a great- eongregati on still organised as a Church, ' represented by its- elders — four-and- twenty—tWelVe ' from the old -and twelve from the', new dispensation ; and these elders casting their crownB;;the: symbols of their authority, at the feet of Him whom they unite to acknowledge as their head and 'source of all authority in tne Church of all ' ages. (Applause.) Thus the Calvinigtio theory- of the Church is seerutcrbeiin perfect- harmoriy both with the structiires'arid the substance of the Scriptures. The pi-Hoar and germinal idea of the Church is of the elect . ! " ' bodjf contemplated- in the Covenant of Redemp tion. By a covenant charter this body is organ ised into a community in which the Meditator rules, to- which He gives ordinances, laws, and officers, and through which Ho will reveal His will' and execute His - mission to the race at large. This organised body, - in the nature of the case, is perpetual and identical through all ages. It may vary in degree of parity down to utter apostacy. It may have its seat in one nation and run in the line of national descent, or it may become the. Church: of all nations, and treat as one blood all kindreds of men. It may- now be conspicuous,, or now hnmble and comparatively hidden. It may vary as to thb- degree of divine knowledge current in it, and may vary as -to the form of ita ordinances and instrumentalities for teaching divine truth. "Brit .withal it is essentially the same body of people; -organised for the same purposes, administered' in by the same Ruler, arid under Him ministered to by the same sort of ministering servants,' and substantially under the same form of government. . (Applause.) A reference -, to. the .Calvinistie > creeds of the. Reformation -will show, that' the theory of . the Church here developed was. plainly the concept tion- which CalviniBta then hod,' however they may have failed: af fcerward to maintain it folly. Some, of them more fully; some less, brought out . the. conception .of the Chnroh visible as the manifestation of. the Church ideal-: of . the purpose, of -redemption. It ;may now be asked why,, with this clear conception of. the. Church so ifar.in advance of the coriception of other thrin Calvinistie Churches at the Reformation, the Calvinistie Churches have also, in great measure, failed .to actualise. their ideal. The answer is not difficult. In the first place; such a theory of ithe Church naturally excited the hostility of the secular governments of the world,. because to their Erastian. conceptions it seemed .to be setting up within . their dominions an imperium in . impcrio, leading their subjects . to say, "There is another King, one Jesus,!' (A laugh.) Hence the peculiar hostility of political, sovereigns and Erastian legislators and jurists to Presbyterianisin. And hence, on the other hand, the peculiar form of the testimony of the Scottish fathers for "Christ's crown and; covenant." (Hear, hear, and applause.) It is a very common blunder among; even men of. letters to confound the Scottish Presbyterians, in the contest with the, Tudors' and Stuqrts, with , the - English Nonconformists, under the common title of Puritans.. , . Whereas the Scot tish Puritan, if he must be called such, had no sort of ecclesiastical affinity with . the English Puritan, while the one was inherently a Radical and Republican, the other was- inherently - a Conservative and a Royalist. Theironly affinity was in making . common cause against.tyranny and prerogative. The Rev. S. Irenseus Prime, New York, sub- mittedq paper on the influence of Presbyteriauism in the United States. The Church - there, he said -had shown as great capacity for divisons and sub-divisions as it. had elsewhere, but for all that, the grand total, of the Presbyterian force: of ; the United States showed that there were 9028 ministers, 12,102 congregations; 1,052,339 members, making in one year— last year— contributions for religious purposes to the sum of 14,512, 198, or about £3,000,000 — equal to about £3 for each communicant in the whole country. Their Church -had expended a -great- deal of its strength in - her theological schools; which are made the repositories of . the best, works on religious subjects. The Presbyterian seminaries of the United States had 200,000 volume 3, out of 500,000in all the schools in the country. That was to say that the Presby terian libraries include 200,000 volumes, while the libraries of all - the other Churches — Baptists, - Methodists,- Episcopalians, and Roman Catholies united — had 300,000. Some of the colleges had had large benefactions.- Princeton alone had property amounting to £300,000. More than a million dollars had been given to the college alone since they stole Dr. M'Cosh from them. (Laughter.) He had also gone into an analysis of the amount of money contributed by the Presbyterian- Church to those national institutions in which all : de nominations are engaged, and the result was that the Presbyterian Church in many cases gave not only more than any other denomination; but in some instances gave more than several of the other denominations put to gether, and in a few cases, they give the largest part of all that goeB into the treasury. The framework of their social institutions and laws implied the obligation of revealed religion. Every officer of Government, from the President to the lowest, was- bound by a religions oath. The Christian Sabbath is recognised by the civil law; .blasphemy is a penal offence; and to disturb public worship is a crime; The Presbyterian Church, was the most powerful in conserving such principles. It maintained the system of doctrine which recognised the sovereignty of Cod, the supremacy of law, the divine right of the oivil magistrate, thcduty of- ; obedience, and the idea that Cod rules by the ruler; who administers law as it is the will of God. ; (Applause.) Presbyterians, therefore; from the settlement of the country, had been earnest in the education of the people; by their support of schools, planting academies and seminaries, colleges and universities. For some of the moat important inventions of the age — such as the electro-magnetic telegraph, the reaper that gathers the harvest of the world, and the cable that unites the old and new worlds, they were indebted to Presbyterian brains. The history of the Church in the United States had been marked by steady, solid growth, drawing to itself the elements of stability, progress, and usefulness, having the energy of vital force, the traditions of a godly and learned ancestry, and the impelling might of an intelligent appreciation of a divine cause, to snbdue' the land and the whole earth for the crown of Him who bought it with His blood. 1 To do the will of. God was- the limit- of 'the Presbyterian idea of obligation, and to go forward was only duty, the result being easily and safely left in Almighty hands. Always clad in the panoply of the Gospel, there were also frequent periods of special revival, when the Church hears the voice of God, "Arise, shine, for- thy light is burning." The first and only century of her. life was all ablaze with these revival lights ; the south and the north, the .east and the wide prairies of the west have received these baptisms of the Spirit in the early and the latter rain ; and - this --year,-- signalised by the convooation-of ' this Council of Presbyterians, would be a year of the -' right hand of -the Most High. (Loud applause.) . Dr. Inglis, of California, in. an address of. some length, showed that Presbyterian standards and polity were alone fitted to. counteract and overcome the most marked teudenoies of our time. . Dr. Fabri,- Elberfeld, who spoke in German, which was interpreted by Professor Cairns, said that last summer when Dr. Blaikie visited him at Elberfeld the question arose, " What do you mean by the Reformed ' Church ; is it the Calvinistie or the Church of the Reformation ?" to which Dr. Blaikie said he was quite willirig to understand it 'as the Church Of .tne Reforma tion in the widest Bense. He (Dr. Fabri) hoped the Assembly would give Professor Blaikie full absolution for this interpretation of the Reformed . Church. They would ask; perhaps, why any importance should he attaehpa to-this interpre tation more than another, bnt it seemed to him of vital iinportance that-they should -determine whether the term- " Presbyterian " in -this pro gramme-applied to the Church of the Reforms- tion- or the mere form > of Church government for .them on < the ; Continent especially.-- -The answer. 'to this preliminary question- - was - of- great -.importance. They - had examples in- the Church of England' of ' Churches that- held the doctrine of the Reformation : -without being : Presbyterian, :' without belonging ' to- - the Reformed Cnuroh; in -the strict sense. On' the contrary, they 'had examples to the opposite on the Rhine. When he first-heard of the arrange ments: in regard to -this Council, he said to him self, This is of > great importance to the dear brethren -in -England and America, but for us the importance is less;-" During the last few- days he -had come, however, to see that this, meeting was of- great 'importance- for them on the Continent . also— (applause)— especially - in its bearing Upon the ; position of their own- Protestant Church. The Presbytery - system with them, without perhaps knowing it exactly, was celebrating great triumphs. They saw how, in the Church in Germany, everyone was now inclined to come over to the Presbytery system.- Although there was still - not a little that was obscure and dark, especially in two- parts -of Prussia, in the acceptance Of this principle they still saw that there was an admission of - the principle and the freedom of the Christian Church, and in what he might call in a certain sense- the voluntary principle. He believed that -in many parts of Germany a transition of this kind would form a happy change. (Applause.) ; , Dr. Blaikie, at this- stage, said he had been asked by' the Business Coinmittee to' take the opportunity of laying upon the table the paper on the - Presbyterian ChurcheB throughout.: the world — a Bketeh of their history, statistieB, and work, compiled by desire, to the General Pres byterian Council, and submittedto! this meeting in Edinburgh,. July. 3rd, 1877. He-had only, to say in reference to this report that as! far, as time allowed, and other engagements; he had endeavoured to present a. summary view of the various Presbyterian Churches, as well as of some, like the German , Church, that one could hardly be inoluded under that designation, and yet -was, not willing to-pass, over; especially in, the light, of what had just been said by Dr. Fabri, and what was -so apparent;, the tendency of that Church towards, a more distinctive Pres byterian-system. He had to regret one or two omissions in the titles and papers, hnd the an nouncement of their, authorship. . Dr. Wilson, Limerick, said Dr, Blaikie .had drawn . attention to the state of the Colonial Churches; , Rev. R. C. Balfonr;;Edinburgh, said he, hap-, pened to be appointed ' as representative of - Eastern Australia to the Council, along -with the Rev. Peter Hope, as holding the position of con vener of the Colonial Committee: of. the Free Church. As Dr. Wilson -had said, it was; a Church .very deeply deserving .their sympathy and help. They occupied a .territory twenty-five . times the size of Scotland, : and they had 24 ministers. They had a population of 25,000 Presbyterians, which would give aboHt 1000 to each minister. 