..a .R 'SERVICE AT 'NALDOUY. :'TheHon. Ji Service addressed the electors of Maldon on Monday evening. We extrat? the following 'frodi the' re Iror hispe eh in the Argwus "i NEW;TAXATION-ITE LAND;TAX." . i' :1My : views ?a' to the necessities, thi iature, anid the extent of inew taxation were' pretty. fully embodied iii `my 'budget Speech of July 1875, and I have 'seen no, reason to. vary the opinions I then expressed., .What.,we want ,the ,present time is to shift some.'ef the burden from the classes who have iot acquired propeity' to' thd?e :who -have. We want,to adjust the payment of tthe taxe' somdewhat' more fairly,' according to the means of the, tacpayers. ,I pro ,fosed to do this by a tax on lannd and 'houses, by a stamp tax, by. a' tax :on bank notes and'some other minor things, 'and by at'the sainme time remitting Cus _toms dutieS'to the extent of £230,000.. )I' think .these proposals would have fairly' met the case .for a tine,' at least, and I do not know anything fairer that. cani yet be proposed. I think, in trans-. 'ferring a larger share of the burden of ti~astion to theishotilders of the wealthy,' ,,every esndeaivour should be made to give, 'effect' to' theo principle that all classes of the wealthy shall contribute: I know' ,it is not possible to do this with even an approach to completeness, but .the ainm to do so should he clearly shown 'and unmistakably declared. If you,' 'attack one class only, the sense of in-' justice is immediately and properly 1 aroused, not only amongst that class it- I self, but among all right-thinking I people who believe that to " do justly" I is onelof the first of duties. Of course. circumstances might arise in which it might be necessary to concentrate the whole power of Parliament on' a parti- 1 'cular tax in order to make it law-if,' for example, the owners of land steadily. set their faces against being ^2fiedt"t' all. "But thlie is rio'gr'oind whatever '. to believe anything of the sort. My il ind tax-'3Ir Berry's land, tax-Sir Ij Juaes M'iCulloch'Ws land tax,' wvre all Sirejected by the repl'esentatives of lirii versal suffrage.. I am' listinctly in favour of a .land-tas, as coutradistin ' guished from aproperty- tax, and herein c lies the difference. between: the former proposals of:;Sir' James sf'Oullooh' on \- the one hiind, "aiid thosi 'of iMr Beriry ii and myself on the "othlh?i 'But'I ishall be no party to a penal tax on .owners of land. How, any man. withia clear head and an-honest mind can advocate n: such' a thing is beyond my compreohen is sion: Ex post facto laws are tabooed by n every civilised natidon'ihhd the mainten ance 'ofgood faitlh"is a first duty'of ..every, man and' of every ,'tate with respect to any:contracts they may have entered into. i What right has the state to ,the unearned ?increment of. lhind which was sold without reserving'this righlit ': The ien': ho bouight did not t understand that'tlii? 'ight'rvas reserved by theo,aitte, ,thie state which 1sold' had not the remotest idea that they were so reserving;it, and yet there are grown men 'ii this community Whodeclare 1 that one .parrtyto, a bargain may alter I in ihis owni, favour cobiiditions 'which ba otli piarties had agreed on yeais before. But .this afsurdlnotioin is'based on a still more absurd theory, viz., that the owners of land' nowi greatly increased in value are the:idenitical:persons who originally bought those lands at the low prices, whereas we '?hiio that' iii hun dreds of such inatances'such is'iibt the case. The originial buyers of .' lrge quantities of land iihave sold the land, and poolketed this unearned increment, and gone' away, many of them to other f countries. Is the state to follow them, or is it'to levy on the unfortunate 'pre sent, holders? That 'the state has'a 'ierfectl right to' deal' with eves the alienated lands:of the?? coloay as, the necessities .,of.: the ; commonwealth de mand. can- admit, of"' no difference 'of opinion.' I''donot know any individual or'.aniy' class" which"dispuites it' for'a mondment. :"jLaids are takenadivay every 'lay for. railuay. and 'othert necessary purposes....,The state may, appropriate the: broad lands of Sir. Samuel Wilson or Mr 'WY.. J. .Olarke,,and pascel.them out amongst: a thousand selectors; but if thei, tate' do so"it must gnrnt' full compensation. What is for the benefit of all must not beifoe tihe ruin of one. Thus, . whilst the state. possesses' and must always retain the power to resume land ;when .state policy, demands, this power constitutes no basis whatever for the, levying of taxation" of any 'kind. Whilst, lowever, I will bano 'party' to I a penal or? buitiitig-up tax' on land, I believe that land ought to be? taxed, aind taxed more heavily than other descrip tions of Cproperty, as:I stated in' my budget proposals of 1875,' not because the state has one particle of more right to ,'yur land th'anii it has to iny hip, but because 'the natuie 'of property in, land is ' different from: that of other' kinds of.. property. With respect. ,to the accumulation of large estates;, .I confess I'have viewed' it with much' misgiving, especially on seeing exten sive tracts 'of country for?mely occupiuid' by, aiiculthiral settlers noiw dvoted' anew to grazing, and I think', the neiv Parliament,,if it can spare ;any tinie from personal quarrels, .would do well to consider how this evil can in future beprevented. FREE TRADE A PROTECTION. 'The piactical questions betwcen free traders,:und' piotectionists nowr are-i first, the fu:ther ex'tension ofpirotec tion; and, second, :the perpetuation .of the systemni, The first is not a, very, importarit point, infasmuch :asthere : is .very little, room, for extension. ?The tangled' 'mass ,'of fiscal, abominiations. whicli, constituttes,,,our 'present, tariff covers almost every article of, import except those, that have been purposely exempted by: protectionists themseoles., Tlie'second question is the all-importannt onoeIs ' protection' to be a 'temporary expeddieiit, r'?"or'; a pepetual policly II can conceive aind respet w,,ithout Icon curring in, certain arguments in behalf of. a temporary protection, so,as'_ to afford ifa helping, hand to 'industries, aclimatisable in'this' 'country. 'Baut I! feel' it diffidult' to uinderstaiid on' what grounds certain classesof the cominiiu nity, whlio liire by their daily, rounid of toil, can: be expected to submit, to be treated' as perpetual bondsmenr!by cer-i tain other. classes. of their fellowwork-' men,i:arid' be doomed for all time to come to a weekly contributidn, thrbugh theb Customs, from theirw ownlearninigs, in' order "too'add'to the' earnin'gs of othei.'"'Ikndo i' is argied thit when' pirotection fi'h,"esablihed anlin'duistry, comipetion's will step in and ,cheapen the product, and so thb prouotiiiveduty will ceasei to ,operate, and ~ithe ,con. snmers' cease to be hurt. .Now if the irdtective'duty ceases to oporatoe thdri 'is',i~o: longer anf 'raidn for' its exis- I teonce, and its i'repeal .is the oilp;ids sible'indthbid Wive can take to assu'soour selves that. consumers are inot .be it hurt.' "Thus, there ought toibe '. limit in time to the';existence of protectiveo duties.' :Comipetition 'under such duties doeds nbt alhays' result' it' cheapening prices. 'We havo a iotuible illistiiation of, this at,;ireshent in ,th .·hirtiele of candles. ' Candlinakis in Victoria are now proteeted by a duty of 2d, per It or over:25 per' cent..." They have now established their industry, and itore oin poting ivith English makers iri ii'the other colonies. But to do so theyi have to chaige 'lilb less to 'person' in Sydl ney, or Adelaide,"or"?Albury, than to persons in Melbourne,.or Maldon, or Echuica, so that a- merchant' iniMel- ' bournem can bay firom the' candlemakers here at 8d a lb, if he gives an under- g taking to send'the candles to New Sonth Waldes or New ?Zealand, butlie b inust pay 10Od per lb for them if he h wants to send them to Castlomaine or o MIldon. That is a curious sort of b protection to you, but it is illustrative b of the whole subject. That kind of fi protection protects the candlehuakers in b Melbourne, but it does not protect the t candle consumers iniMaldon,' and every householdei anrid every miner amongst you may have the intense satisfaction of knowing that for every pound of candles he burns he pas ld more than tlhe people in the adjoining colo nies, in order to increase the wages or the profits of some brother-man in Mel bourne: Now, this is loving .one's neighbour better than one's' self, for wvhidi there is no law or commandment waitevei: Thiii.' i. blly a'sanmpile case. What:is ihappeinpg'with candlei is happening with other articles, and the range is continually widening . I am not in, the least'degree finding fault with the' candlemakers. There has been sunk, I suppose, not -less than £100,000, of privato capital in,;en 'deavouriiig to establish this industry in the colony, and,the enterprising adven turers .naturally desire to get some of it back, What I want you to under stand is the extent to which you are contributing- to': the `manintenance of this and other industries.. But if you .makepliroteotion: a permanent policy you cannot helli yourselves..:WeVo are therefore forced to the conclusion tlrat protectioncdih-be, and' ought to be, at mostl only a" temiporary expedient 'If this wore filly recognised and acknow ledged' by ,'p"otectionist ileaders there might easily bh .e arived at some i nmic able arrangement by whichthe ghosts of free trade and protection tmight be finally laid.' But if! it is determined thiat protection iis toI be a perinmanent policy, then the battle mnust go on, in th'e present' unisatisfactoroy fashion protection iand free trade ehig: bboth placed at a miserable disadvantage. 