.i [?] innocuous fon(e. " the tffZt pigeon kUliPB, W-.' " f.b«n"pg i . t- L, to grosser plea- f. »w . v Msittarts se.frequenttng . tCj, (»ltv . ire mew. woto 'j,vwl ie,<". u„bri of'tbe lweniyfwr i. 'atwre to spend- ak. home' )f» '"'An-jBhold into ever-inoreiu- l.teness of bUbourt, fjJijffissls, opqapjatnea of In fine, 6"vc every, symptbm »onUnt, which, born of it o'b' the innooent environ-- ih"®- 1 wth' the Mls« Vanmttarts, &>« ''jhir-Dspbnothey durst ."--rereWed . "to 'liBilen. J oud waging look.; pare- ' S Misgremarta thrown out at ia;l£rthe small artiUeT .of , , iitttr taWo bng employed ! S&rtv; Cheater's dohoaoy '"" 'golently fine texture. . to, bo 1 Ft ,!a„' pief.do-ls-Reice offered »!lJM7oof under which ' he" might . rereae. Ho must bo epoken It '» ' Xa and unmistakable tone., of bor own - free 1 .Lv to be tlio spokeswoman. '"f. whom Cihester'B sins of , '! Tothertvise, wers spooially sb- m®'0 _ t ,t this crisis the' most f „ftbo three sisters, towards the j r himself- Jm,! "-'I1-8 \ v181"' ffnit .0 was the Jaw of her. eSh ' She the .trengththe insight of it h into ibe temptations and ""i nf her frailer brathrcfi. Miss,' f'l'sstion exercised ileelf more "litioes trials of young ladies and ; „ t ,n upon those of flesh end . r ,i tor condemnations were un-: 1 . .tone-carved decalogue.' !r Litres. Hie because be was weak . . i Ihosgh Ugh' need not necessarily bo Give bim timo, and under tbo in. ,e tlD.phae's affection, tbmgs would ;Ee.liaigbt: Never. ' . , TlicJof. hoi no behef in men coming At ubo bod enco sqnk to taverns and And a. to his fine friends »e ' I jntereat through tbo Warwickshire i% don't believe," said Theodora villi a kindling eye, j'thab ' vGhcster keoirs a W arwiekshire Stumor ftbe heinousneoa of this orimo really wy m Iingerfug soruple or pity she fete felt towards the culprit. . . jj bees remarked that huffl»u caturo Is. rigedol, ss tho housewives judge of it longcloth, "in small Bamplci." ,Biglit rid, still, in honsewifo .Ian- | that human nature, liko most mixed ,t , (guitcs to be a bit unravelled before, nightly jndgo of if: sntaulltr like home life; the meeting istbreskfost and dinner, and again', at tot next morning, in every vioissitudd :pef, irith his mutton over-roost; and, aosst, inhisdomestio affections, in his a a heads, my dear Hosie, do not grow ' pliers of lii-and-twenty. That- a. giellov ot Mr. Chester's ago should ijtorura ii but cstnrsl. A man of the' -j-ud a military man', too — mnSt not cared by the standard of Ficf-de-lo- iaillit.," ii these exculpatory sentiments had riToeodora been vest to urge in the svbeat knot Hosie first expressed, inlts u as to the character of tee's Inter, dn autumn and winter st coder the tame roof, saspioiems littler littledavning into certainties, regarding triers of bis friendship with County niliu, hid aafficed to turn the milk of 3 leeodora's kindness to golL Barry etosu a spendthrift, a man devoid of nle, sn impostor. Barry Chester, iesyretty stringent meaaareza were taken . ti opposition, would infallibly eotonglo iijidy who bad the misfortune to be ridel with him in his own ruin, bidijgly, one Saturday night, when, runs oi nast morning's associations, i.'rciigil might bs expected to retain ihir binnts at an earlier hour than s it was planned that the threo Miss ittsrts should sit up in solemn, inquhsi I itate for bis reception. it 1 lrord have I here, or elsewhere, to for Mr. Chester ; not a plea to advance- dentition of his guilt, Yet I confess, I I think of that terrible Connoil of :c, otthe first moment in which his f»te ontei itself to bis byes, X feel that thle 0 eened a common humanity with 't I pity bio. . rude lUreh midnight; tho dy snnd blowing up sheer from -the st droit, lod bearing ioy destruction fuly bloom in orchards and fruit gar- - ironnd Querueo' Bay. As Mr. Barry' «, wth head Lent low, madohis way' ' 1""<w gsrdea.path towards tho " Wmrervery keen at this honf '«iy-four, veto too bfindod to note tinwentcd light pierced throngh (htttr chinka of the parlor wlL , nuae. however, was 'qf deration, Whil. _j.l, "l . 5,Us..«n oasteody itch U w CuWavoring to'fit .1, -tt 'Aock Barry f »t'«ilye,tabli»hcd»Jatch-Ucy the door started open! PW,,n, toad before him;. nap- thonBh bi" 'iimdori 'o 0n tbs moment ! khadkfilT SOfonheat- I -"PMrkd I Md -W'Wpirifift"' ! IrtrS'f. y ?a of toe seldom- I o? Chain,! her hand- ' ' audhll Ksre 'nC tho houio. ' ' ff hia oat 1 I "Jy round upon Miss hfrentdn limo looked hud 1 'jjtim. an ttoo4 ooldly con- 1 Wcksof' '»keB .t0 5nJ" of Uapk- i>P forme, I hope, i; Ij1 greeting to " . '' Theofl f<"y?a 00C8' Mr- Cbes- I'l "nptorvooh .J"05'' "l Ji ;Mieji ut.J, nco ' On one Sun- '"'"IihsJi „'i?arp0M 1 Yon m,y at ;l>If«nd fia,,!! "" Oo your ' 'h'tha't11!1 btok int0 thi> ' ! 'ttkj ri,t . lef'y that conscious '! h4,<- ill heilrth-g. hdld hfs '."aaina cf ,r,,uW,e,lk bef<n'a wdh '®s S'ste A ««tnismoul. f) l,;i» one t0 f"'! and of the three Old i" Wli "Pcotn 1 TXOr!lWe> fn her ttt " P'epared (0- 'A Theodora, oicrt, ' «' '""f hrraed tLtf" OT thl"» ;ic3 '3 'n (», , y front hua, i«i x h8»- i:r : 1 heroth« T"'hout delay. '!! :>l7 round th. 7T 18 ®»p'»e " If (ell court h"Ht0r h'8 wif#- lit " ! %-t, ' "d we not, be-: i'ci ittt«Lk?1 -fcsd three, hours >>> qniokiy. -o" ''-seeaent 5/ " DapKIfeknrRvonhingnboat our— our— - The words died on her lips. Never were lips less fitted for enunciating judioial sen- tenees than Annt Hosie'f. Bat Mies Theodora- took up the cue promptly. '.'About .our- feeling it, a duty, - Mr. Chester, to expobtnlater with you'n p to your- conduct. Yes. >Vo' have watted now eight months — it is eight months' on the twenty, fourth sincp your marriage, and your pre paration, for Virginia aro sio'more advancod than -they were then. We desire. . to' ask explioitly, on beiisif of Daphao, and of opr. selves, ' what your intentions about the futnro'aref" f.» - ' ' Wl, if t hesUir h»d flown into i hearty, reasoniess pabsion it h&d; been better for him, so far.- as tho immediate dotooce oi bit posi tion went, jbatoad of this,' he began, thickly, Slowly,' doggedly, to 1 argao. A fool who argues can scarce fail to present you with an analysis of the very height, breadth aud depth of his own folly. Through' Barry Chester's .hazy, inconsecu tive talk what were the faels prominently shown ! Not, . certainly, that all human effoVt, especially that. of gentlemen emigrant in tho Sputhenp States of America, -must, of .hidden necessity, 'prove fruitless ; that a man's destiny is bom' with him, may jnst ss well bo met "wjth folded as with uplifted hands ; and that a happy accident, a turn of lock was as likely to befall one, here, in tho Channel Islands, as in Virginia— rather like- lier. This was what hs sought to prove. The things he laid bare, to all their dofor- mity, w'ere — the weak devitalised brain, tho faulty associations, tho porplexed deepon. denoy, horn of self-indulgence, alcohol and nicotine, of Mr. Barry Chester. . By the time be finished, even' Aunt Hosie's cheeks wore died with a flush of honest shsme. Miss Theodora sat_ more .severely upright upon the edge.of her obttir than ever. Oldlsabolla Vauuittart (primed, beforehand, with a few of tho Tupperian sentiments com- jnonly need as atslking-horaos in family eon- tenticms) uttered tho axiom, " Conduct is Nate;" Opening her eyes as sho ' spoke, with the atony blank wideness of .ill-suppressed 'sleep, full upon Barry Chester's fiwe. "Yes. Clonduot, That is tbo word 1' said Mies Theodora, preparing to hit closer and harder than before. . " ' Bnreuo fortune, if yon will,' Our lamented papa used to say to his ehildreii, 11 but remember that there is something more fortunate than fortune, more successful than Buccess, Conduct.' " ' To what Btrango uses aro dead men's aphorisms put I Spendthrift, genial, open- handed George Vanaittart quoted as a pro. mulgation of copy-book morality I "As for accident— no ono butan imbecile," : oontinued -Theodora, hotly, " would ever speopiato. upon . the '.qo'cidentsof life. . A . happy turn of luck .1 . If auy-.turn of lnok( bofall -you, Mr. Chester, it will be for tho worse. Yoii'moy rely Upon that." Ho' muttered Fume of tho old futilities about horse-breeding. - ."If oneconld recta few acres of moorland here; on Qaeruco Comtuon, even . . . the little Normsn hones . - . a ready market in Eng. lend." . . '. But Miss Theodore put him dowp briskly. "Horse- breeding! In an island, that you might cover over with a Union Jaok ! A man might tsfi-weU talk of making a fortune by oyster-beds on Salisbury -Blaiu. Havo you orer in your lifa made money by horses'? Have you— X ask' it honestly, Mr. Chester— havo you gained 'cither in reputation or jpocket by your conneotion with tliit turf— your steepleobosos, trotting snatohos snd paper. hunts— einco you married Daphne !" It was a poisoned dart. The Miss Van- aittarts had a wide acquaintance (Aunt Hosie among tho working, Miss Theodora among tho ornamental, or useless clauses) in the island. And from every tide stories had reached them of Mr. Barry Chester's sport ing transactions. Stories of after-dinner bets, repudiated when he watt sober ; of suspicions of fenl play between himself and tho other "gentlomen" riders ; of ignoble qqarrels, of yet ' more ignoble reconciliations/ Ugly stories — all of them ! " 1 jnst don't mean to stand this sort of cross-questioning," he exolaimed, .with rising temper. : " My money is my own, to do as I choose with,' aud as regards my debts of honor——" " Honor f" interrupted Miss Theodora, "Ob, I think, sir, the less we eay on that subject the better. "When - you . married Daphne, suoh- money as - she possessed was given into ytrar banda." This was true. Daphne's fortune, amounting, poor child, to between two and three hundred pounds, had been made over unreservedly, to Mr. Chester, on -the condition that it should fnrniah forth .his wife's colonial outfit. "You told, us then, on your 'honor,' that it was your intention to settle in Virginia, that yonr capital-- — 1 " "And snppese I have found oat that settling in Virginia, that all sottling is a mistake!" he retorted. "As to. my cspi- tal " 'Mr. Chester raised his eyebrows, folded his arms, and glancing up at the low-raftered - ceiling; gave a suppressed kind of whistle. He had, in trntb, reached the stage of reok-- lessness at whioh a man wilt fain "lot tho tow. gang wi' tho buckot." Even tho pitiful motive-power of selfish enjoyment in life was spent ) and he cared not-, how soon or how , absolutely his beggared condition of soul and body booamo known. '.' Your capital, I have no doubt you wish to imply, is moonshine," : said - poor Mies Theodora, a choking sensation, rising inker throat, as the -full measure of their misfor tune began to break "upon ber. "If it' be iso, 1 end es it is impoesiblo for us to ask- yon to .prolong your visit at Fiof-de-la-Beine awful was her chill italicising of : tjhat word "visit"— "the more reason, for.Dspbne's sake and your own/ that you should look out for work of some kind without delay." " Work ! A fellow brought up as X have been 1" be answered, giving 'a glance of soddenod jauntiness at hie nerveless, pais hands. . . " And what branoh of bard labor do you suppose X am -best fitted for ? , A blsok. smitis; a eatpenter ?" - ; - " X think you fitted for no work whatever," exclaimed Theodora Vanaittart, with em phasis. " "So njsuy posts io this world, how ever, are filled hymen whose qualification is incapseity that" "you ' need' scarcely allow .your -censoiencs to be troubled ou that, point ! There aro olarkships to be had, I should imagine, small positions under .Go- vernnient, and the like. Surely through the interest of your friends, through the War wickshire Stumors, for example. i a " Curse the Warwiekshire Stamers ! " As hi uttered this never.to-he.forgotten malediction, Mr, Chester brought his band down upou the mantel-sbelf with a violence that sent the mortar rolliog in an avalanohe down the chimney, and caused the heads of two littlo wire-strung mandarins, the corner ornaments, to wag well-nigh to dislocation. Theodore Vanaittart answered not a word. Sho rose, took a bedroom candlo from tho tido table, lighted it with stately doliborate precision, then offered hor arm to her eider sister, and, eorrewfnlly followed by Aunt Hosie, left Mr. Chcstor alone. Alone, with tho rain and wind of that harsh midnight (wsiliug liko eo many ghosts of his life's wasted hours), tho certainty that his pittfat game was up— roof, dinner, pocket- money, all forfoited for companionship. Tho euccoodiog Sunday was murk aud 'chill, a day not soon to be erased from, tho calendar ot Dapluio's momory. During - tho forenoon Mr. Chester kopt to hia own room, aswtehis Sunday morning wont. Dinner passed off in grim silence, only broken by generalities, -interesting neither to geds Bar ruen, frqin the lips of Miss Theodora. Afterwards., heedless of the eleet aud wind -t.ii beating up from the sea, Barry Chester weuk forth into the gardeu, sod for an hour or mora paced up and down the distont or- ahard-tetroee, ' emoking - or halt ' gmoking thcmgh eigw 'Mtffir u)gtr( ptpsews ; - T down, his steps irregular, his arms folded across, his breast'! Daphne, eick at heart with she know not what new fear, watching "him, unseen herself, from tho house. To this hour there is ono window sho can never stand at— no,. not. whenthe. summer is ... at its bravest — without tho -cold and dark- - ness of, that last Sunday, without the miser able restless figure of Barry Cheator coming: baok before her sight. He remained about tho place all day ; andl towards nightfall made the abrupt announce ment that he should start for London next, morning, it was his particular roquest that no.onoTn the house would got up, or go through the form of seeing him off. He ht spdkon to Jeon Morse— tho lad . would borrow a spring oart, and drive him quietly to tho steamer soon after daylight. As'.to Dnphue's accompanying him, he bogged using-somo of our more foroiblo English ab jurations -that ho might bo spared the very proposal of suoh folly. Eiof-do-la- Reins was doubtless still open lo her, though not to him. X-ot hor .avail hor- self of its shelter whilo she could. Ho was going to London. . . . Oh, to look out/or employment, then, if he wse to ho subjeot to ouch stricb cross-examination ! , Anywisy, hor presenoo would bo an (anathe matised) enoumbronco to 1 him', an (anathe matised) expense, whioh he had neither means nor inclination to incur. Promise to j write ? Of course ; faithfully, sacredly ! Thus, with tho flippant callousness ot/a vul gar nature, -ho answered, the girl's trembling arms around his neak, her lips touching his obeek. Promise anything, so longasibeAnight be spared hysterics and scenes 1 Let Daphne, in return, pledge herself to be silent 'about him when ho was 'gone.' If tradespeople or others persisted in asking questionssay that ha was absent on business— well, onfbnamoss likely to detain him long, and that sho had no means of forwarding either letters or mes sages to his address. All through tho night Mrs.' Chester lay; awake, weeping scalding . tears for this sor riest scoundrel upon whom a woman's. love wse ever wasted. At daybreak came Jean Marie's signal of reveille from tho eonrtyord below. Then, choking book ber sobs, b.v foteo,' "lest she should anger poor Barry," Daphne had to nervo herself for tho moment / of final separation, and in tho dim morning' her husband stooped, and kissing hor on tho , forehead, wished her a cold good.bye — their ' last ! Smarting under an uneasy sense of money obligations, donbtful as to what olaims might bo put in against him at tho eleventh Jiour, Mr, Chester devoutly hoped that in part ing from hia wifo bo had putod for over from the whole Vansittart family. As he ' passed through the house-place, however, ' a broad tiled passage dividing tho front door from the etairs. Aunt Hoeie stood before bim ; rod about the eyelids ; her whole de- moauor giving unmistakable tokens of a night spent otherwise than in sloep, "Really, Miss Vansittart— this is quite unnecessary," he was beginning — . She stopped him by taking his hand. She left it filled— filled with her own well-worn purse, containing each slender savings from tho prococds of the poultry yard and dairy as wore legitimately hers to givo. ' Daphne's husband must not go away from tbem in singer, nor feel hurt by her offering. It was a little ioan that, if his cash ran short, might prove useful, and that he could .return when things were looking brighter. Sho wished him ail success ; was confident ho would meet with work if besought for it in earnest, and— and, meantime, would he promise .to write homo faithfully for Daphne's sake ? Well, reader, far a moment, Barry Chester hesitated. To aooept Aunt Hosie's money was an action that, even to his eonsoience, I suppose, bore an unpleasant resemblance to the robbery o( a ohild. At all events, he hesitated. - Tbon— tho good moment passed; he thrust theparse away into his pookot, mat- ' tered some incoherent words about prido, about ill-fortune, about speedy repayment,, and, without looking into Aunt Hosie's face, was gone. It was probably the most foolish action of Henrietta Vansittart's life ; yet' woo it ono -of. the -follies 'that leave a sweet taste in the memory. In the dark days to como, this woe tho solitary moment, out of her whole intercourse with Barry Cheater, to which Aunt Hosie could look back unpoined. With hor ready promptness at distilling tho out of goodness out of things evil, she re membered, not that Chester bad accepted, but that he hod hesitated to accept her gift, and from this frail premiss argued that self, reap eo t, that honor might havo come to light still in that lost heart. "If life bod been kinder to him I" This was an nnfailing apology of Aunt Hosie's for ill-doers virtually past the pale of apology. -"We, women,' whose portion lies in sheltered places, know so littlo of tho fierce temptation that a men has to withstand. If lifo had been kinder to him I" Life pressed with piteous harshness upon Daphne from that day forward. No tidings, of Barry. Chester reached Eief-de-la-Reino for more than ' a fortnight ; sad long before tbe expiration of that timo the import of his abrupt departure had become matter of common talk even among the world of fisbor- folk in Querueo Bay. He had flown, not. from his wife alone, but from his debts, of honor and otherwise. "In short," ao, ; tardily, he wrote to Daphne, "his return to the Islands- was im possible- She might write) if there could be any good— ho failed to see it— in prolonging such a correspondence. Lottofs eent to a certain address in -London would bo -for warded to him. ' But be must beg her not to look for constant replies. - If anything in the ehaps of 1 improved money prospocts befell him ho would let her know— feet enough." - . And not one word of affeotioo, of regret st leaving her, of inquietude about her state. The lottor might as well have been. written to Miss Theodora, to one of his" areditors, to . any indifferent man or -woman on earth as to her whose love followed bim night and day) whose thoughts . were one prayer for hiu, .whose. prospects, for. evil, or for . happin<j(qr, were' fiodnd' up irrevocably -with his until death should set them apart. . „ Her heart was crushed ; ber faithfulness stood tho shook, bravely. Boor Barry, was an idle correspondent, just that. As soon as there was choerier news to communicate, his lottors would grow longer, and— she, oh, she would, euro herself, perforce, of this foolish habit of fretting over their separation, and he content. As to tho stories set afloat about .. him by wioked tongues Daphno bolieved none of them. When his prospeots brightened, his oreditors would be paid, of course. A poor two or throe hundred pounds i - What was this to ia man of Barry's talents, Barry's resources ? Give him time to look about him for employment,, timo to set going the interest of his friends, and alt would come right. . Meanwhile .... , , . . Meanwhile, whea tho early clouds of cherry and - hawthorn lay whito upon the hill-sides, Paul opened his blue eyes upon tha world. Daphno, as I have satd, had stood up resolutely at first. Hor heroism ended now. With physical weak, ness oomo reaotion from tbo morel tension of oil the post, unhappy, sleepless weeks, and 'twas long baforo tho doctors would pro nounce, or Aunt Hosio bellove her to he, out of danger. She spoke of her husbaud in iter delirium only, not asking for his presence ; ebo looked with dull, unwelcoming eyos upon the child. Alas, and worso was to come. When, at .lost, her pais lips did murmur 'Barry Chester's name, with what response must -sho bo met? How should it bo broken to her, faintly struggling back from the stillness of the dark valley to the pain and glare of living, that he had deserted her for ever, that tbe tiny babe who lav upon her breast wot worse than fatherless': Twice only hid Mr. Chester written dur ing Daphne's illness ; in tho . first letter acknowledging, without mote' or commfipt, '&o; fteiriio bU (oq'i birth ; is th# pteu £- coolly announcing hie own depsnfinro for Ameriea. His attempts at finding tcori in England, the promises of friends,/ interest that he thought could bo relied upon — all had proved ompty. At tho present moment, after paying bis passage-mimey to New York (where he would most ftkely starve), he etood without a tenf pound nqtoj in tho world. Useless ' for . Daphno to ' dream of farther correspondence. Tho marriage bad been a ."sell" this was how Mr. Chester expressed himself a "soil" for both of them. Lot it bo forgot- ton I Ho hoped that sho poosoosed oufBoient Christian charity to forgiyoi him any pain he might havo caueod hor, and that she would, trouble herself no more 'about his existesioef. Ho was starting for America under », ficti tious namo ; any efforts made with a -Vie w to traolng him ' mnst therefore he labor" in vain. Tlso past was post and done with. \- The beat thingf for both of - them was to . em bark on a now life that should blot ' out tho errors of tho'old ono. < In fower words— ho had abandoned.' her and herchild for ever. , DapUno bore tho - blow with a quietness tbat, for a girl of hor age and temperament, boded no qaiok tecpvery. Amidst tho tumult of thoughts that thronged her brain, the 'one, perhaps, whioh stood forth tho / > dearest was — tho impossibility of her. Daphne Chester, having dorse with happi ness I Nineteen- y oars old, the sun shining into the hearts of'/ spring's first roses, the birds chanting np and down - tho lanes— there was; literally as yet,' "no place in tho existing, fnbrio of bier thoughts" for tho realis ation of her onm despair. It needed timo —time, whom tho superficial name Hbaler 1— the alow engraver -and perpetrator of grief in human hearts— to teach her to bo wretohed. The initiation over, tbe A B O of Buffering mastered, sho was ho inaprt or laggard soholar for the future. In marrying Bsrry Chester she had in vested hefl all — or she beliesved eo— and ore not onr beliefs tho sternest faots wo know?' In losing him her dooket 'was Struck. She ' was bankrupt. Annt Hosie, with love-born keenness of , insight, saw that the poor ohild's wound was. likoly to faro best if left to nature's curing ; and when they were alone togother, by alone I mean of course with littlo Paul, the namo of Barry Chostor dropped gradually into diauso. But Miss Theodora, with.aur- faoe sympathies, sympathies for tho'orying outward disgreoe, not for the atifled inward groan, was fas from approving or practising suoh reticence. Theodora was all for hereto treatment in the moral ailmenta of others— tho blaoksmithls hand of iron, rather than the aurgeon's hand of stool. Theodora, during Daphne's illness, hod exercised her oonscienOo by writing a kind of circular letter to suoh of Mr. Cheater's relations as she had knowledge of (inoluding, I rather believe, tho Warwickshire Stamers), and hod accumulated facts that she. considered it a saorod duty to lay jseforo the girl ia hor hour of darkness. " Facta that will at least Bhow' you, ohild, what kiud of man you waste your regrets upon." "BarryiChestor comes of a doomed etook." So, in ah upright feminine hand, wrote one of Miss Theodora's unknown correspondents, a Chester hegeelf by marriage, smarting pos sibly andor 1 wrongs that infused gall into her ink. His father was worthless, -his grandfather- worthless. Tho boy was born, as every Chester must be, to a hopeless in heritance of evil. Although I do hot know Mrs. Barry Chester," the letter ended,' "I tell her honestly that I congratulate her ou her good fortune in having seen hor husband far the laat.tune. Prom father to son, tho. Cheaters have brought shamo and desola tion to the heart of aviary woman who has loved them. It will be eo to tbe end." Foots, with a vengeance, theso, Faotx, oaoh of whose written syllables scorned to Daphne's eoal to look up at hor with oruol human eyes, and whose influence eqnk, like tho stain of some dark poison-Sower, through ail tho yot unopened pages of her yoang life. " Born to a hopeless inheritance of evil ; " even as. the babe, just beginning to smite up in her face, must' be 1 Shb 'folt Herself, and what was dearer than herself, tho child, to bo in the grasp of inexorable law, marked- out viotims of necessity.' If eke bad gra duated in tha very newest school of - soien- tiflo Calvinism, had listened to tho last high teaohing of " Bile, Phosphorous aud Des pair," her morbid senso of slavery' to oiroumstanoe could scarce have beon pro. founder. And the other worldly .utter ances of pious friends— powerless,- liko all seemly phrases, signifying nothing, against the shook of any . great crisis — the Job-like consolations of tho elder .Miss Yansittarts, everything, save the influence of Annt Hosie's healthy upward-looking spirit, tended to sink her more helplessly in tbe slough 0 fatalism ; tho most dreary creed, however learnt, however formulated; .that ever ecrved to render human life un- sweet. Tho roses opened, fell from their stalks ; there rang' harvest songs as heart-whole, then shone harvest pioons as silvor as of Old. 'And then tho woods faded 'from red to duo, tho chill -November rains began to sweep up from the Atlantic, and Daphne, wandering alone under tho grey skies by the stormy shore, realised, that Iter winter had set in'. In tbe blossom of hor youth, she stood in au empty- world.; . the plaything- of a blind- deetiny, ruined through the very affeoliona which were as the fibres and life-blood of her being. '' \- Had, Chester lived, her unhappiness, how ever acute,, must, with.the progress of time, have' become chequered. Barry Chester, living, snust infallibly have wanted money, ' infallibly have fallen bock upon tho Miss Yansittarts for help ; aud Daphne, thirsting to forgive, on any terms, would, you suay be eure, bavo relonted over tho very first letter that implipd 1 recouciliation and asked for -sovereigns. . , But no suoh opportunity came. Within , a yoar of their separation, '.Mr, .Cheater died, miserably-oa ' ho had lived, in Ljisdohi-tho littlo prdjoct of: Starving in America proving a fiotiou with which lio had starvedoff tho distasteful necessity of workiu'g for broad in England. A fow personal trifles of no value were ' sent to tbe ladies of Fief- ' de-la-Reine by the. keeper of the lodging, house in whioh he diud, also.a doctor's, and. Other bills, all of which tho. poor gentleman assured her hie relations would-mako ita point of honor to pay. Not ouo message of contrition or of love; not a remembrance of tho woman whose happiness he had wrecked, or of his child 1 One likes, at' least in fable, to think of the most purposeless human itves as roanded off iato something of harmony by the approach of death. Tho inheritance of ovil rested 011 Barry Chester to tbe end. Without a thought, boyond tho grovolling satisfaction of tho hour, ho had lived out hia term of human animalism, and dying, broathed not a word to release the one heart that loved him from its legacy ot desola. lion. . - - This was why her face, amidst its pure lines and coloring, wore the nnexpeotant look of age. This is how her acoouut with tho world cauio to be closed at two-aud- twenty. __________ Tnchon. Frederick Arthur Stanley, M.P., finanotal eeoretary to the' War department, will succeed Mr. W. H. Smith oa -financial seorotary to tha Treasury. Tub following vessels were despatched by tbe Agent.Generai for Now Zealand during the month of July : — The Waitangi, from Plymouth to Canterbury, with SnSemjgrsnte; tho James Xtcol Fleming, from tho Clydo to Otago, with 248 ; the Wniro, from Ply- ' mouth to Wellington, with 11)0 ; and the : '.Itiki. from the 8im« P'Tt to Auckland; ; uitb 213 Buiiuron: -, malu1 g a total o-'-l'lS : omigr-suts .fin c..o uioutu, Live ve.iaels will j be despatched duriog the prcseut inooth from Plymouth and the Clyde; to. bo f ollpwed. : by others duriDg-ttie-mooths 'Ot-StpUwbtr,' Cftottr andNotttflber. ' I 