?RKflT.TSTT RPORTTNG. Abridged from the Sporting Life.'] rConcluded.1 We have already given an account of the Doncaster Meeting. The features of Newmarket on the eve of races have for a loug time been oa the wane, until at the present time there exists, to all intents and purposes, notning in common with the past. There is no bustle about the station now until the clay when the racing actually commences ; the day previous, but lor the arrival of a straggler or two of the equine species, presenting no scene out of the ordinary. No one expects an attendance on the evening previous at the ' Rooms,' where betting ruled supreme in former days, but the ceremony is gone through of opening the doors. All New market Meetings are enjoyable if the weather be fine, but for good racing in a quiet way the First October stands pre-eminent. There are generally some points which Epsom and Doncaster have not quite settled to be decided among the three year-olds, while the two-year-old part of the programme, though not embracing events that give the key to the future, is rich in those old fashioned sweepstakes which the senior patrons of the Turf still delight to enter their young stock for. So, padded with the Great Eastern and October Handicaps, together with minor races, the ball is kept merrily rolling for the four days, and thoroughly whets the appetite for the Cesarewitch week. The racing was good. The All-aged Trial Stakes fell to Pomme d'Aapi, Independent being second, and Shille lagh third. Thunderston won the Grand Duke Michael Stakes by half a length, after a good race with Hilarious, King Clovis being third. Then came THE GREAT EASTERN RAILWAY HANDICAP, a sweepstakes of 15 sovs. each, 10 ft., with 100 added ; winners extra ; second received 25 sovs. ; Bretby Stakes Course (6 fur.) Mr. H. M. Harris's b.h. Mandarin, by Lozenge— Vishnu, 5 yrs., 8 st. 7 lbs. (F. Archer) ? 1 Lord Vivian's b.f. Polly Perkins, 3 yrs., 7 st. 4 lbs. (Luke) ? 2 Mr. H. Baltazzi's b.c. Bay Athol, 3 yrs., 7 st. 5 lbs., car. 7 st. 6 lbs. (0. Wood) ? 3 Strathavon, Twine the Plaiden, The Ghost, Pardon, Ernest, Rowlston, Vril, Masaniello, Plaisante, Newport, Castle Blair. Kitty !3prightly, Bataille, Guemenee, Chevron, Violet, Briglia, Hadrian, and Start also started. There was only a few minutes' delay at the post before the flag fell to a good start. The first absolutely to show in front was Strathavon on the lower ground, but he was eoon passed by Polly Perkins in the same locality, who carried on the running, Mandarin coming at her heels just in front of Strathavon and Bay Athol, ?while on the extreme right in front was Chevron, Hadrian, Twine the Plaiden, and Violet, the centre division comprising Castle Blair, Start, Masaniello, and Bataille, with Ernest at the heels of this division, he having got badly away. As they came to the Bushes the favourite, who hsd been driven along, took front place, but at the top of the hill he gave way, and was finally done with. Meanwhile, Mandarin drew up to Polly Perkins, thus coming down the hill this pair had a clear advantage of Strathavon, Bay Athol, Ohevron.Twine thePlaiden, Hadrian, Castle Blair, and Bataille. Before reaching the dip Chevron began to sprawl over the course and the Malton filly was also done with, as was Castle Blair, Hadrian and Strathavon now being in front of Bay Athol about a length behind the leaders, of whom directly the ascent for home was commenced Mandarin began to show in front, and gradually drawing away from Lord Vivian's filly up the hill won easily by three lengths. A similar distance separated Bay Athol, who passed Strathavon in the last few strides, Hadrian also being eased when beaten. Lord Rosbery'8 horse was fourth, Bataille fifth, Chevron sixth, Kitty Sprightly seventh, Castle Blair eighth, Ghost ninth, Ernest tenth, ?while pulling up were Pardon, Rowlston, Hadrian, and Newport. Time, 1 min. 22 sec. Rifle won a Selling Sweepstakes, Templar being second, and Queen of Scots third. The Boscawen Stakes was won by Redwing, by Blair Athol— Flashman being second, and Malay third. Lord Falmouth's Jannette walked over for the Buckingham Stakes. The Hopeful Stakes were won by the same nobleman's Hydromel; and the Twenty- Eighth Triennial Produce Stakes by Count de Lagrange's Augusta, Lord Fal mouth's Great Tom being second, and Lord Wilton's Footstep third. There was nothing special in the second day's programme, and con sequently the attendance was small. The First Foal Stakes were won by Broad porrie ; the Kentford Stakes by Ri9e. The First October Two-Year-Old Plate fell to Count Festetia's filly by Blair Athol from Little Agnes ; Count de Lagrange securing the second and third places with Mantille and Jeannie. Mr. Howsin's Octonarius won the Two-Year-Old Sweepstakes from a moderate field. The Twenty-Ninth Triennial was put to the credit of St. Ohristephe, who started the favourite. Golden Fleece was the winner of the Selling Stakes ; then came the first Nursery Stakes, in which 14 youngsters started. Lord Lonsdale's Telegram was first the Duke of Hamilton's Messmau second, and Lord Exeter's Lady Calty third. Kabbuck, by Parmesan, won (the second) First Foal Stakes, and the Ditton Handicap fell to Cerberus, owned by Count Batthyany. The Grandly Stakes were won by Mons. L. Andre's Mourle. Our files do not extend over the remaining days of the meeting. The Warwick Meetings used to be fixtures, to which attached a large amount of interest ; but now they have fallen away, and the meeting of September is to ba classed amongst the smaller fry. 