Wist. jsilbcrtoafcr on, |knir; TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. Though shadows g.allicr, awbhinc fades, /Mid lift- appcArs « vale of sorrow; Faint is tlic heart that <.Jod upbraids— The suu will shiiic again to*morrow 1 EPOCH II.—1860.—DEATH. PAIIT II. SCEHE IV. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of u Scripopolis&c.;, <0c. A DULL, daik, raiuy day was closing upon the miniug camp called Sludgetown, one of those spots which had been neglected jn the earlier mining times, save by a few fossickers, but which, as the richer goldfields became worked out, was sought by the miners. Within the past two years this field ban become known owing to several risk lines of reef having been disCuvered on the hil.u which frowned over Sludge Gully, where, heretofore, tlie. principal interest had ceutred. owing to the rich and shallow alluvial deposit J. In this regard Sludgetown was but a reflex of nearly all the goldfields in Australia. First of all, the most easily got at gold was taken out, that which abounded iu alluvial ground; but as that could not last long, attention was now being bestowed upon the matrix — whence flowed the modern Pactolus— found in each camp, and the quartz veins, despised in earlier times, began to be worked with moderate success. At first, it is true, the appliances were very primitive ; the quartz was picked out of the lodes which cropped up on the surfaoe, and crushed in "dollies," or Chilian mills. Soon, however, SB capital was sunk in these undertakings, crushing mills were erccted, aud the sound of the stampers was heard over the land. Scientific men gave little encouragement to the pursuit of the lodeB below a hundred feet, as such men as Sir Roderick Murohison, Lyell, and Professor M'Coy held that the c gold would die out at that depth. But the practical miner disregarded the learned men, and the result is that quartz shafts are now down close upon 2000 feet in Stawell, and that rich gold has been found at a'depth of 1GOO feet 1 The new source of obtaininggold entirely altered gold mining. The " digger," pure and simple, began to disappear, and was being replaced by the "miner;" the times were passing away when one or two men could work a claim. Mining beoame a oo- operative affair,, and large companies were formed to work quartz lode% The independent digger is soon to be no more, and soon the miner will altogether supply his place ; the difference being that one worked for bimBelf alone, the other works for a master, like any other artisan. y Sludgetown was not a place where anyone would care particularly to live. The " town" was situated on the banks of the gully, which, being denuded, presented one surface of red, miry clay—clay of suoh putty-like consistency that, ouce it had encircled a person's ioot, it required, as the " natives" said, a bullook team to extricate the pedal extremity. This clay pervaded Sludgetown, and by it the looattty was known in the distriot. A casual visitor would not get rid of it for months after lie had been in the town. As for the dwellers in the town, it wflhld be folly to suppose they could ever get rid of it; for the clay worked into their clothes and their skins, until nothing Bhort of a deluge could have washed it out. On the whole, however, they were rather proud of their clay, and boasted that it kept them healthy, and prevented any pride ofsdress, for to put on expensive garments at' Sludgetown would be looked upon as the walk of a lunatic, and be rewarded accordingly. In the summer time this clay beoame dry, and would sweep down upon the town and sourry over the roads in fiery clouds, sufficient to euifooate anyone' except a Sludgetonian, but the townspeople seemed to revel in the, eimoon. • From the gully rose preoipitons hills, the pride-of whioh was Mount Sludge, which towered'above thelittle town,and, like Mpnnt Sinai in-tlie Pilgrim's Progress, seemed as if, it woulditopple down upon the "city" at; any moment. These hills, were covered with huge' stringy-bark end -iron-bark trees, the nndergrowtli being bush of all IdndB and' stunted plants, which seemed always on the point of giving up the ghost,' and yet managed to exist longer than their moresuoculent friends on the rioh,lowlands. 1 Whence these plants drew their nourishment was a .moot 'point, for -the hills were-toomposed of flinty sandstone aud qubrtz pebhWa, let, at this eeason'of the year;'the-end tof winter, the -Scarlet and- -white . flowers of the haath^delioate soarlet, waxy- white—gave to tbe lone hillsides a beanty that pot in the shade |he meadpwe^BlueAndpurple.orchids, , . too,-,.peeped, jjat ^fijft^Sjr&wJ;^^ere^pnd pioneer quartz company of the district had their claim, which had yielded thousands of ounces of gold, ran along the almost perpendicular face of Mount Sludge, and on the south and north line it made, claim after olaim had been taken up; and poppet-beads, and engines, and stamper houses were to be soeu, while puffs of white smoke rose, denoting that work was going on, and the clang—olang of the ">ignals," giving instructions to the engine-drivers how to haul, wore to bo heard. Buckets, containing water, quartz,; or mullock, rose up the poppot-hoads, wore discharged, and sent down again on their mission. Otherwise, there was not a sign of life. The principal work was going on down below, where hundreds of men were wielding the hammers and the drills, or truoking the stone away. This absence of aboveground life gives to quartz mines a woird aud ghostly effect. Sludgetown rumbled along the- banks of tbo crook, straggled up the hillsides, and travelled along the red, miry roads. Adventurous miners had built wooden eyries for themselves on tho plateaus of the hills, and as tlio deep gloom of the rainy night fell, and t he mist oamo down upon the mountains like dew, tlio lights in those huts twinkled on every hillside like stars. The good-wives, or t!ie miners who filled the place, were preparing thu evening meal early, for already the whistles were sounding, announcing that the time of the afternoon " shift" was over, and that the evening shift men (the Sludge Company only had an evening shift) were wanted. The meal was early this evening. The Schraper Opera Company were to perform that night at. tbo Meohanios' Hall, as it ivas some time since there bad been any amusement on the " diggings," everyone wished to be there. Horr Schraper and his company had i-rived that night, having sent on, however, fat. spectacled German, who had done the and finished the evening by Rotting drunk at the Sludge Hotel, for he dared not indulge in liquor when the eyes of .Schripur wore upon him. Tbe great •mifician was not iu the beBt mood that nii'ht, for he feared that the ruin would keep i lie people away. However, had he glanced outside, ho would have seen numerous lights tJidinn down the hill, which would have reassured him. These were bottle-lanterns, lioine by diggers, who wero coming into town to be at the conocrt. The company occupied the best room in ho hotel, and, having finished tea, were gossiping ,or studying the songs they wore to ^ing that night. Close to the window sat Flora aud her boy looking out into the darkness. There is no cure for sorrow better than work. Flora found that the deep melancholy which had tLreatened to almost end her life wore away when Bbe went,to work as a membor of Schrapor's Company. The bustle, the xcitement, and the pleasurable feelings engendered by study and rehearsal, and the great hope which rose in her breast that she would one day become a celebrated artiste had, to a great extent, obliterated her grief and despair. It was only at times—and the present was one of those occasions—that the whole extent of the awful calamity which had overshadowed her life returned to her, and then, indeed, her sufferings were great. Nepenthe was also afforded by the study of the characters of her companions, and the humours they displayed. lJerr Schraper himself was sufficient to amuse the mont morose. In appearance.he was most remarkable. His face resembled a nutcracker, the nose being something enormous, and his person was long and thin as a lath. Iu fact, lie bad often, been likened to a tomahawk stuck on a telegraph-pole. Herr Snhraper had three great passions—one for the violin, another for his wife, aud a third for gold. Between these three his life was a continual worry. The son of German parents, he had taken to the violin early, and had, after a while, burning with fame, when a raw-boned lad, gone off to Berlin, where he managed to start in life by picking up a few kreutzers for playing in the streets. Eventually he got with the band of a travelling troupe, and, many years afterwards, made the acquaintance of a young fraulein who sang in the chorus at a Berlin Theatre. He was rather old, she a mere ohild; but he had saved money, and was recognised as an artist on the king of instruments; therefore, marriage was the result. This strangelyasBorted pair afterwards migrated to Australia, whore they led a most eventful life, Herr Schraper playing the violin, and his wife singing. They travelled every nook and of tlio continent, roiigbingit every where, and obtaining a golden reward from the miners, with whom Gertrude Schraper's singing became a proverb. At last they returned to Sydney and formed the company which was now assembled at Sludgetown. This was a more ambitious affair, for soenes or acts of operas were to be performed.: By this time Herr Sohraper had become as bald as a scalped Indian, and as repulsive in appearance ap one of those wooden figures to be seen on tbe corbels of old cliurohes in England, or on Chinese carvings, while his wife had developed into a plump, well formed woman, with a groat mass of golden hair, and a voice rich, powerful, and capable of attacking the most difficult music. She was very spirited, and as hard to oontrol as a oung colt. The business of Herr Schraper's life was to control her, and to see that she did not oome to harm with some of the young fellows who were always hanging about her wherever she went. Poor old man; he was always in torture. He would have had an opera company long ago had he been able to stand the spectacle of seeing his wife embraced on the stage by a handsome young tenor. And now his condition was indeed desperate, for the tenor he had chosen was a young fellow of twenty summers, as handsome as Apollo, and as fond of tbe female sex as young men of that age usually' are. True, Gertrude was older than Ifr. Wilford, but that did not matter. The only hope Herr Sohraper had was that the youth and superior beauty of Flora would act aB a foil. But,, unfortunately, Flora was cold as ioe to the tenor and the baritone, Frank Rusden, and tbey had to court the prima donna or the two minor lady singers, who! were not much to look at. It was'well for Flora that Bhe was so cold, for Gertrude had a temper, and she brooked no rivalry in love, or song. Bitting there, looking out into the fast gathering darkness, Flora fell into a deep reverie. She thought of her mother and aunt away in their poor cottage on the other, side of the mountain; of her husband, loved BO dearly still, now far away ; of the two graves in the Armidale cemetery, where lay her father and faithful Black lim. Then her jnind went back to the days gone by, and she marvelled for a moment whether she was awake or in a dream. A few years.ago she had languished at SilverwaterBend, pining at the humdrum lif? she led, desiring adventure'and romance; and, noiv, she had had romance and pdyenture mora. than sufficient. She thought of the approaching ooncert/and remembered hpw,' years ago.shehWsatin Silvpfwater. Hall, listening to the'great Catherine Hayes/and wishing that ilie were in her plaoe, Ahl bow different was the reality from: the intonation. '-Ttie.n' she thought . how easy./if was to -singi how, idle jfwas alife^of'jappnr, W m m i m g ^ M she was about to start out upon a similar career. How would that caroer end ? " Oome, ladies and shentlemans," cried Herr Sohraper, entering the room, rubbinp his hands. " De time is gom ; get ready for de performance. Lots of peoples are comin' in, and we'll have one big house—ha 1 ha 1" Scenb V. A misty rain oozed, as it were, out of the sky, upon Sludgetown, and profound darkness reigned in tbe forests that hemmed in the town, broken only by tbe twinkle of th . miners' lights. Still, cheerless although the evening was, the population of the district appeared determined; to tiravo the elements and to attend Herr Schrapor's noncert. Hidden away as they wore iu this desolate region they were glad of any break in their monotonous existence. Prior to entering the Mechanics' they took care to dispel the influences of the mist by resort to the many well-doctored stimulants dispensed by the very large number of publicans on the field. "It's many lyearB 'sinoe I last saw the Fraulein Sohraper," said oue of these, a tall imposing-looking old man, as he tossed off a glass of brandy neat. " Let's see, where was it—yes, up at Ballarat, when I took a flying visit to Victoria." " Thom was the grand days, Harry," replied his companion, a sturdy, middle-aged digger, whose trousers were almost scarlet with tbe red clay. " I remember Ballarat then—wasn't it a place 1 Why, there wore nine ot ten theatres and circuses there, all going, and G. V. Brooke, Kate Hayes, Anna Bishop, Mrs. Heir and all them great people playiu' Ah! we'll never see them days again. They're gone with the gold. Everything goes with the gold." " Well, I'm hanged if I haven't soon that young man somewhere," said Harry—in whom the reader has no doubt recognised our old friend Mad Harry. "Who is he ?" " That chap," said his companion, pointing to a tall, handsome, well-bearded young man, with a somewhat reckless, dissipated, ont-at-elbows appearance, who just then came into the bar, " why that's the new editor of the Sludgetown Independent; only been here a few weeks." Mad Harry looked at the man narrowly, but somehow he failed to remember where be had seen him, though the features were familiar. Suddenly the young man's eyes met Mad Harry's, and his face flushed, and tbe band whioh held his glass trembled. " He knows me, too," said Harry, shouting aloud. He walked up to the young man, and said, " Haven't I Been you before, sir." " Not that I am aware of," was the reply. " But you seem to recognise me." "No; but i was somewhat upset at the way you stared me out of countenance." " I beg your pardon, sir," said Mud Harry, dropping the digger style, and at once assuming that high gentlemanly bearing which fitted him so well; no matter how he was dressed, and he walked back to his companion. The young' editor left the bar very shortly afterwards. Mad Harry mused for some time, and then, as it was eight o'clock, hurried to the hall with hiB comrade. It may be as well for the reader to understand that Mad Harry, who, since the outbreak of gold, had devoted himself to mining, had visited nearly all the goldficldB in the colony, and his latest " spec " was a quartz olaim on the Sludge Beef, out of which himself and his mate were getting very fair stone. Indeed, there was some chance that their fortunes would be made. Harry, old as he was, could work with any man on the diggings, and appeared to have thoroughly recovered his reason. Prosperity seemed to have an extraordinary effect upon him for the better, g and the reason was that fortune would give him the revenge which waB the power that i sustained his life. The hall was crowded to overflowing with a f somewhat damp and clayey audience, from whom soon a subtle steam began to rise, perfumed with a very earthy odour. But no one seemed to notice this; all were bent on njoyment. * Harry wedged himself in between two iggers, and did not notice until the concert had beguu that his young friend of the baroom sat a few seats from him. In front of im sat a tall, strong young man attired in iggers' costume, his felt hat well down. Herr Schraper and his "orchestra" (three) pened the concert with an overture of his wn composition, in whioh the leading theme as given to the violin, from which instruent the Herr drew the most extraordinary ounds. Herr Sohraper was a violin player. is head and body seemed to become part f his instrument when he drew the bow. It as a sort of Laocoon business.' When a iolent passage came, the Herr's head nodded way like a pendulum, his body heaved, and is legs were everywhere. When be laid own. hiB violin for a few moments, and conducted," his gyrations were terrible to ehold. It WBB generally believed that Herr chraper wore out a " baton " every night. Fraulein Schraper, attired in a charming ine silk, elegantly laced, then was led on, nd sang, in her charming German-Englishcotch patois, " Auld Bobin Gray," and sang t so well that she had to give two encores. Miss Adelaide Arden was next on tbe list, er song being " Una Voce," the celebrated ria from " C Barbiere." The audienoe were tamping for another encore from the prima onna, when a very beautiful but timid-lookng lady,, whose oheeks were red with exciteent, seemed to glide out of the narrow ingB on to tbe stage. The stamping ceased, a s t P g s g p u c m t c a b o s c a d i P o o and the audience began to " take in " the young singer, somewhat carelessly, wondering whether she was a stick or a good votalist. But Adelaide Arden—Flora Leigh—appeared to powerfully impress three men in that-building. Mad Harry gasped, and sat back aB if he had seen a ghost. The editor uttered an exclamation, and gazed at the singer with inquiring eyes, as if to persuade himself that he was not under an illusion. Suddenly he drew backhand tried to hide his face by holding it down. My God 1" Mad' Harry started. Who had uttered that? This was a night of strange illusions. Surely he' knew that voice; surely it was that of Horaoe Leigh. With a fierce glance be looked around, but failed to see a face resembling that of the forger. Mad Harry's hands clenched, and he resolved to stand at the door'and watch each person on coming out, and to pounce upon the wretch if he was there- Flora had never faced an audienoe, and now when she found herself the foous of six or seven hundred eyes, her faculties seemed to become paralysed, just as was the case when.she was on her.trial before Mr. Lyflter. The symphoDy was played over twioe, yet she did not begin. - Herr Schraper began it a third lame with an impatient jgeBture. '" Yy don't you sing ?" he muttered. " Vat for you frightened of dem fools'?" " Flora reflected that the bread of herself and her child depended upon this effort, and; the thooght of the little darling, who was standing at the. wings in . charge of poor lbs. Seaforth, jgarefjfi^^hat is the great nquisite in lacing thi'^jiblio, ior-: -getfulneBB of their presenoe; ^t^wgprpper moment..ahe started. PossM'B- ifcBautiful melbdy.and soon hervbioe was -fillinglhieTiaU, and the audienoe was silent. She fhn^ded tier:'way jafibijjh ^a&Me; ^ntrib&U;'B «f+!thii rapture was in his face—for he was a devoted of bis art—and bis third passion, avarice, was thoroughly gratified. He hod a treasure. Ho counted up what he would gain by her, as he ran up the chromatic scale, and how mucli Mr. Lyster lost as he ran down tbo scale. fos; he could beat all other opera troupes. What if Lyster had Lucy Escott, Bo?alie Duraod, Sara Flower, Fanny Simonsen (immortal Fanny Simonsen,) had ha not Gertrude Sohraper and Adelaide Arden. When the song was ended and Flora retired, the whole building shook with eheoring. Diggers rose and waved their hats frantically. Fraulein Sohraper fumed for a moment, and then, reflecting there was money in it, she Bwallbwed wrath for her the time. Just at that momet there was a great bustle at the door, and in strode four mounted policemen armed to the teotb. Tliey went olose to the orchestra and stood there during the remainder of the performance. " What, are these fellows doing at Sludge^ town ?" asked Harry's mate. "Why, don't you know?" said Harry. " They Lave come from Batburst to guard the gold escort:, whioh is BO heavy this weok. It is known that Black Satan and his gang are knocking about, and great care will have to be taken that they don't got that gold."' " When does the escort start 1" asked tho other. " The day after to-morrow, in the morning. Tho worst spot they have to go through is the pass close to Dismal Glen." " YOB, that's whore the four diggers who had the rich claim on Biuk's Flat were shot dead by tho hur>hrangers." "And where tho mail coach was robbed, the gunrd killed, and tho passengers tied up to tho trees nuked, although snow was falling. In my opinion we ought lo do here what they did iu the early days in California, form vigilance committer)?, eoour the country, aud exteruiiuata these wretcbcs. I would make one of the volunteers." " Harry, you're a wonderful fellow fer your age. You've the spirit of a young fellow of twenty." " It is not my spirit," replied Mad Harry, with so mo return ot his old appearance; " it is the second life implanted in IUO for the purposes of Providence." " Well, hadn't we better get. a drink," said his comrade; " I'm getting hungry." " I thought I heard Bomeone speak here to-night," replied Harry, " whom I would like very much to see. I don't want to lose him if he is here." " Why, you're up to your old tricks," said his mate, ironically. " If there's any friend of yours here they won't leave till the concert is over, you bet. Come on." Harry was prevailed upon, and walked away. Whou he returned the concert was going on ; uli had got back to their seats, all but one. Harry started. Tho eeat iu front of him, whioh had been occupied by the young man who kept his hat over his face, was empty. "By heaven!" cried Harry, "if it isn't too much even for me. I'd swear he was there. But what nonsense; lie's in 'Frisco by this time, working hard towards the accomplishment of the .end. I must wait and see Flora after the concert is over. Poor girl, she's taken, I suppose, to the only means left her by which to earn bread. Oh, the wretch that caused this I" It was a highly successful concert. The finale was the great quartette in " Lucia di Lamnifirnioe.r," and the applanfo was terrific at its conclusion. The curtain had to be raised, and all the performers came forward, Gertrude and Flora in the midst. It was then that Flora for the first time looked thoroughly at the audience. As her wandered round, just when the curtain was descending, she uttered aory and became in Gertrude's arms. She had seen three faces ,and these three were connected with her fate. (To be continued.) 