NATURALIST. QUEER FISHES IN SYDNEY HARBOUR. I have spent so many pleasant days in Australian sea fishing that it would be ungrateful in me to leave no record of things seen, done, and enjoyed beyond a day among the sharks. Much of the pleasure no doubt arose from the delicious climate. In the far interior of Australia the weather is fr o often in extremes— a drought or a deluge— and the temperature of the long summer frightfully high. On the sea coast, and about Sydney especially, the summer heat, though relaxing, is rarely scorching, and is delightfully tempered by the sea breeze ; while in spring and autumn tha sun shine is mild and genial, like that of a perfect Septem ber day in England; 'the air is breathing balm,' there is a b iss in the mere sense of existence, and, as the boat gently ' Undulates with the undulating tide,' the fisher can suit his changing mood by either float' ing dreamily in languid enjoyment' or rousing himself to active sport. But in the very nature of that sport there is also a special charm : one never knows what strange form of ocean life will next emerge from the clear yet mysterious deep. To this day, a glimpse of the sea, a sniff of its briny fragrance, recalls to my memory curious adventures with ' curious fishes' and other nondescript denizens of the watery warld. For the benefit of readers who have studied the octopus in an aquarium, 1 will begin by telling how 1 first made his acquaintance in another form than that of bait. Having a fancy to try the night-fishing for ' black brim'- — a large-scaled percoid fish, very good for the table— I started about 9 one summer's night, in as large a boat as I could comfortably manage single-handed, to a dark, deep inlet under the rocks on the North Shore, which I knew to be haunted by a goodly shoal. Even before I had dropped anchor and prepared my hand lines, I knew that the night was but ill suited to my purp se. The water was intensely luminous, and each dash of the oa scattered a fiery shower, while a double trail of phosphoric light stretched far in the wake of my boat. But it was not till I had baited and dropped my lines that I knew the full extent of the difficulty. The slightest move ment of my hand sent a quivering stream of light all down the line, warning off the fish most effectually. When I hooked one, the effect became most brilliant ; the curve of the line as it cut through the water was marked by a sheet of flame, sharply defined in front, while it danced and wavered behind. Anon, a huge porpoise came dashing and plunging into the cove, which he lit up as with a blaze of fireworks or a small eruption from a submarine volcano. The shoal of small mackerel which he was chasing went flashing away from before his snout in diverging lines of fire ; it was like a collision among the stars, and the Great Bear scattering the Pleiades before him. I fished on, enjoying the strange scene, though my captures were few. At length 1 found myself fast in something heavy ; but, alas ! though I succeeded in lifting it, it felt like mere dead weight. Yet something of a bite I was sure I had felt. However, by most cautious heaving, I brought it to the surface, and between starlight and lantern-light — for there was no moon — perceived the outline of a small keg; contents, un known. 'Rum, I hopes; sherry, I doubts;' I never reached the bathos of ' tracts, by gum ! ' for the hold of my hook suddenly gave way, and, with a sound as I fancied of a hiss or splutter, down went the keg again to Neptune's cellar. I baited afresh, caught two or three black brim, and lo ! I was foul of my keg again. This time, I was more successful ; I got hold of it by the edge, cleared my hook by a slight jerk, and then by a great effort heaved my booty with both hands into the stern of the boat, and resumed my fishing from the bow. Does a very dim light, I wonder, check the general quickness of our perceptions ? I certainly was very dull to have felt no misgivings about the interior of a little cask which had palpably lost the head, and yet weighed so frightfully heavy after tilting. But, whatever the cause, the oddity of the affair uid not strike me till some minuteB after, when my attention was drawn to an odd rustling at the other end of the boat, and, peeping through the ' darkness visible,' I was 6tartled— perhaps a trifle scared — to see a nondescript shape, shiny of surface, but all arms and legs like the father of spiders, advancing towards me, bestriding as it were the old boat, with his leng limbs reaching and seeming to grasp the gunwale on either side. I had two lines out abafc of the one I was handling, and it struck me in a moment what a helpless tangle the creature would make of it, should it take to 'meddling and muddling' amongst the slack coils. I was on my feet in a moment, with an oar, or rather, scull, grasped blade upwards as the readiest weapon, and a most effective weapon it proved. Just as the advancing foe rested his body for a moment on one of the seats, I brought the round pummel of the scull, like a paviour's rammer, vertically down on the very centre of his strange organization. I jumped back, at the risk of going overboard, to be out of his reach, not that he could have hurt me, but I didn't fancy the uncanny look of hi n. But the blow had fairly shut him up. He flung all his legs wildly about, ana then gathered them up into an intricate ltnot of slimy cordage, I repeated the blow to make assurance doubly sure, but he never opened out again ; the supple coils ?writhed into fresh, convolutions, but he could not spread his limbs abroad. It was all up ?with him; and his only revenue was m leaving a filthy dark puddle where he had received his coup de grace. I gave his remains next morning for schnapper bait to a friendly fisherman, who told me that he had never seen so large a specimen within the Heads. Had he lived, he must soon have outgrown his wooden hermitage, which he already completely ? ? „? « -u I must confess to a misnomer in calling this a nsn etory, though the common name of cuttle fish serves as an excuse. Let me now tell of other 'queer fishes ' properly so called. Nothing can be richer or more various than the colours of some of the rock fish. There is a parrot fish in black and gold, gaudy enough to deserve his name ; a rainbow fish, with horizontal bars of pink and blue melting exquisitely into each other. Strangest of all to the eye is a species of rock cod, of a bright red hue, much like that of a boiled lobster. His fins a e so large, and expanded by such powerful spines, that when hold ing him up by the line you know not where to lay hold of him, and cannot see his body for his fin-rays. But the most odiouB of all the rock monsters iB the *' wobbegong' shark. Ihe first and largest of this curious species that I ever hooked hung on at the bottom 60 utterly dead that I supposed I was foul of j a rock, and threw my whole weight on the powerful schnapper line, in order, if possible, to break my hook. Just when I thought something must break, the obstacle f lowly gave way, and a sudden rush showed me that I had some living mass to deal with. It w as a long and ted o us fight, but at length the lance was brought into play ; another hook was made fast in the enemy's body, and the ' wobbegong' was ?with great difficulty brought on board by all hands. What a hideous brute he was ! He was about nine feet long, mottled all over with olive-green, brown, and dirty yellow ; his colour closely resembling that of the sea-weed among which I suppose he lies ambushed. His mouth is fringed with snaky wattles of the same colour— often mistaken, I doubt not, for Bt ings of sea-tmg by unwary fish. But such a mouth ! Not set low, with the snout projecting tar above it, a6 in the common blue shirk, or more ; familiar dog fish, but cut square across the very j front of his heid, with row upon row of close-set j pitiless teeth parallel with the straight lines of the jaw. ' Give him an oar to hold,' said the boatman. I did so— that is, I pressed it against his muzzle— and he clutched it with a dog-like snap. Beaten as he was, and enfeebled by loss of blood, he held on with a desperate tenacity, as if he were crushing the life out of some living prey. Heave as I would, with all the leverage of the oar, I could not wrest it from him without assistance. Conceive being held down at the bottom in the grip of such a monster ! There are other queerly- shaped sharks about the Sydney waters ; the hammer-headed 6hark, for in stance, with its goggle eyes stuck at the two ends of the curious crosspiece to which it owes its name. The most interesting of them in all in a scientific point of ?view is the Port Jackson shark, Cestraceon Phillippi. Judging by the ' Medals of Creation,' the learned say that, of all existing vertebrates, this strange fish ex hibits the earliest, most palceozoic type — that he is, in fact, a sort of natant anachronism. Though claim ing but litttle knowledge of fossil forms, I have been greatly struck with the peculiarities of this creature on the few occasions when I have had the good for tune to capture it. Its mouth is obviously formed, not like those of its congeners, for rending and mangling fish or flesh, but for crushing shell- fish and crustacea. It is furnished, not with teeth, except a few small ones at the edge of the jaw, but with b ny rollers playing upon each other, on which are ranged in a series of pink ridges oblique rows of rounded bony projections like those of a very coarse rasp. Yet it declines to be limited in its dietary by this peculiar structure, and takes a gocd-sized fish bait in the most accommodating manner. A plate of this 'delicate monster ' may be found in an interesting work (now rather scarce; — Governor Phillip's 'Botany Bay, &c.;,' written at a time when Australian zoology was in its infancy. Among the queer fishes which hang about the coast near Sydney and the skirts of the harbour are some which the profane will declare to have teen created only f r the torment and discomfiture of the angler. The useless and venomous little toad -fish, with its puffed, spinous body, is, luckily, only to be fou nd along the edge of shallow bays, where only the youngest and greenest of fishers would dream of cast ing a bait. Not so the ' sweep,' a flat, soft- finned fish, something like our English bream, but of a sooty tint most disagreeable to the eye. He hangs in shoals about rocky deeps, just where ' squires ' — i.e., hob bledehoy 6chnapper from 2 lbs. to 4 lbs. weight— are to be expected. Before your bait is half-way to the bottom the sweeps cluster xound ani maul it till no decent fish will notice it. You feel a distracting suc cession of petty jerks, and whether you hook the offenders or no, the result is equally provoking. For tunately, they cm do no injury to your tackle, and, though I never saw one on the table, I have been told they are not quite uneatable. For myself, however, I have only used one occasionally, on Shylock's prin ciple, ' to bait fish withal ; if it will feed nothing else it will feed my revenge.' But the worst of all angler's plagues about Sydney Heads — and especially in the fine reach off the Qua rantine Ground — are the fish known as ?'leather- jackets.' A single specimen might be interesting enough from its oddity. The name is si fir appro priate that the skin is singularly tough ; you may strip it off as your cook would skin a hare— if she were not friendly with the poulterer's young man ; but its surface is not leathery, resembling rather the roughest shagreen. A strip of it is a perfect substi tute for sandpaper, and 1 wonder it has never been used for match- boxes, on Mr. Lowe's principle, ex luce lucellum. Their colour is brilliant, in one variety perfectly gorgeous — purple above and orange below. They are fiat-sided, with, a queer angle at the small fin. The mouth is small, and seems at first sight merely adapted for suction. But the teeth, though small, are intensely hard and sharp-edged ; no ordi nary snooding — nothing, indeed, but very strong wire, which one rarely thinks of using unless for the largest flathead— has a chance against them. They bite very quickly, and carry off hook after hook with the most p ovoking ease. Now and then you hook one just as he is commencing operations, but he is useless when caught, and the next time you drop your line you are cut again. 1 here is nothing for you but Hamlet's plan, when worried by the ghost — move to another place, and ' swear.' The boatmen say that these detestable fish were never known within the Heads till the unfortunate wreck of the Catherine Adamson near the Quarantine Station, when they flocked into the harbour to prey on the drowned passengers and crew. This idea of their propensities is not exactly calculated to reconcile one to the leather-jacket family. I have occasionally met with another unpleasant customer in the shape of the electric ray. I have never examined him closely enough to be able to say whether he is identical with the British ' numb fish,' whom, however, he closcly resembles. He is curious fnouc,h, vitL 1 _ nw a,- Uii .. muscular prominences, lik? 6--i mimia) ?. hup ' natural galvanic battery. Bui. his h;»bue*- ? .g — tL' pun was really inevitable— that I have always given him a wide berth, cutting my line, and allowing him to depart with my book. I should certainly have liked to see him try his powers on something else, if it didn't hurt very much, but was never sufficiently devoted to science to make the experiment in my own person. — H. R. Francis-, in the Field. 