'LOOK TO YOUR NOSE.' [From the Graphic.'] This is a very common expression, but there is more in it that at first meets the eye. Noseology is a neglected science. Dj. Watts wrote — ' The mind's the standard of the man.' Noseologists have a different idea. Their great apostle, Mr. Sloane, thought that the nose is the true needle to point to the loadstone of heart and mind alike. It is the most prominent outcome of the inner nature. It attaches to itself all the mental superiority of the human cosmogony. The varieties of noses are legion — the shades of difference are multifarious, even in noses with a like general outline. These differences are perceptible, yet in many cases so faintly so that one would almost need to go into logarithms to estimate pre cisely. The contour of the face affects noses greatly, and a like pattern of nose on a fair man presents a difference of appear ance upon a dark ; and on a fair and dark alike the weather, worry, or sickness makes a wonderful t alteration. Into the minvtiiee of noses, however, there is little need to enter, as most observers can take stock of them after a description of the four generic types. As the study progresses the types can be divided and subdivided according to the keenness of the observation of the reader. The generic order of noses is here put thus : — 1\. The Pug. 2\. The Komau. 3\. The Grecian. 4\. The Grecian, or Composite Order. The pug nose, pur et simple, it will readily be admitted by all — except, per haps, its possessor — is by no means an at tractive feature in the face, especially if the upward curve starts about a third of the distance from whence the organ is eli minated from the forehead. There are pug noses, especially in Irishmen, if not too much elevated skyward which are not without humor if they happen to be set off with twinkling blue or light grey eyes ; but if the ' diamonds ' at each side are not expressive, the pug nose is almost next to repulsive. As a rule, from a pug nose supplementary to an opaque face, the writer instinctively recoils. The owner of the common pug is seldom a brilliant individual, but if he' happens to possess talents it may almost be accepted as an axiom that he is overbearing. Not unfrequently he is laborious, anxious to learn, but rarely can get f urther than an inconsequential sneer. The common pug has something like the ferocity of the bull dog about it, with the vacillating nature of the pug in the canine species. The owner of the uncommon pug by no means bears so bad a character. ~ There is something more intellectual about him, although it is said by noseologists that he is a combina tion between a prize-fighter and a drunken politician, and it would go against the grain to declare that ' no one with an un common pug nose could be either a sculptor, a poet, or a painter.' Recent history has told us very differently. The common Roman nose is held in little repute by those who are attempting to re vive this unkappily neglected science of noseology. From the bridge it is rounded off to tne tip. If not strongly marked after the fashion of the late Iron Duke, the mind is not of the highest order, it barely rises above mediocrity (the man owner of the nose, it should be understood), and bedizens itself on breast and fingers with gaudy jewels. The uncommon Roman nose is altogether of a different calibre. There is a something about it which most assert itself if culture has been added to the pro boscis. It is a kind of nose which over comes all opposition, which has enabled men to conquer mortal achievements — ' to mould the world to their will.' Notably, to use Sloane's words in our own century, Napoleon and Wellington were in the possession of such noses. 'Napoleon knew the secrets of noseology; he knew what advantages there were in a good Roman nose. He selected his generals, and put them into places of trust and con fidence by the length and height of their noses. The Duke of Wellington, one of the most illustrious of warriors in times ancient or modern, had a strikingly re markably Roman nose. By this nose he conquered Napoleon, and in that nose saved Britain from becoming aprovince of France. May she ever have such a nose in emer gencies,' and so oh. The Grecian nose, straighter than the Roman, lacks the fiery energy. It is more characteristic of amiability and refinement. It indicates passion, too, but its real passion means not the sword or the spear, but the lute of Apollo and the brush of Apelles. Byron fought and died for that nose, yet still the cup of Samian wine needs to be swallowed under protest. But it is a comfort to think that there are other noses not so bad as the pug, nor so valiant as the Roman, nor quite so refined as the Grecian, but possessing in a mixed degree the best qualities of all, guided by a wise discretion. This in nose ology is called the Composite nose, and it is the sort that is generally met with in the streets. 'It should run in a direct angle,' we are told, from the forehead, should be straight, regular, and of a good size. 'Facts prove and circumstances confirm that this order is suited for attaining eminence in any of the arts and sciences, in the senate, or the bar, in commerce, or in agriculture.' The toper's nose speaks for itself. It is not by any means comely, but there is a certain amount of jollity about it which even Sir Wilfred Lawson could scarcely fail to appreciate in presence of the owner. It bespeaks sack more than solids. Flat noses are held in less esteem by noseologists than any other pattern. It is argued that the flatness of tine nose indi cates flatness of mind, aud no nation of iiat noses have ever made their way upon the earth. So far as what we understand by civilization this idea cannot be satisfac torily disputed. It netfafl no ghost from the grave to tell that hooted nose behind which is set the * keen eye belongs to die race of the Father of the Faithful— that race which, enduring much contumely and cruel persecution through long centuries, persevered through all its toils, trials, and shocking sufferings in accumulating that powerful agency called lucre to such an amount that it may almost safely be said to rule the world. Sloane has a wonderful apprecia tion of this nose. He is more eloquent about it than any of the others, taking it from a pecuniary stand-point. He asks, where are the Pharaohs, and then saya — 'That nose which toiled and strained under the whip of a task-master still exists in all its hooked rotundity, as large and as well-defined as ever, whilst the nasal organ of the oppressor has vanished, and nowhere exists save in the remains of its sculpture.' » ? ^^ ? 