Ci -BITA. Br MBA. OWPHAIÏT, ATTTHOB OP "THE OHROKIOXES OF OABUNCHTOBB," "THE PEBPETÜAI. OUBATE," &O.; CHAPTEIß XLIL-THE WORST SCRAPE OF ALL. A rumour had spread in the little Hamlet wmc had gathered about the junction, ot* some tra ve lers who had missed their train. The faintest ri niour echoes a long way in the quiet of the com ??try, and as the village was chiefly formed of th cottages of railway labourers and porters, it wr natural that this kind of report should travel moi swiftly than anything else. Oswald and his conj panion walked down the still road in the soft dus like two ghosts. In the mind of Agnes nothin less than despair was supreme. What was to be come of her? Shame, disgrace, destruction, th loss of all things. How could she dare to face th wondering women in the House? Sister Mar ? Jane might understand her but who else? An what comments there would be, and what talk And home-how could she go home ? To spend night at an inn at all was something entirel strange to Agnes. But thus, all alone, and wit a gentleman, one who was not related to her, c whom she could give no account, or befitting es planation ! A wild fancy seized her of flying fror him,-disappearing into some corner behind a hig hedge, some nook under tho trees. But this wa as futile as everything else, and might be wors than anything else. She had the bondage of cus tom before her, though she had put herself into position in which all her familiar habits wer thrown to the winds. And yet going to the in: with Oswald was about as bad as spending ¡ night in .direful desolation in the dark corner of ¡ field. The one was not much better than th other. If she could have got away at once, i was the field she would have chosen. She coull have crept into a corner in the dark, and th er waited, though she might have been frightened till the morning broke, and there was an earl; train. Had she but done that at once, stolen awa; before he could see what she was doing ! But shi could not disappear from his side now, at the risl of being pursued and argued with and entreats and brought back. So, with her mind in a blanl of despair, not knowing what to think, she walkec close by his side between the hedge-rows througl the soft darkness. Oh, what a punishment wai this for the indiscretion of the day. It was indis , cretion, perhaps, but surely the punishment wai more terrible than the guilt. She drew the. thiel gauze veil, which was attached to her bonnet, ove: . her face. What could any one think of her-ii that dress? Then there came into her mind, t( increase her pain, an instant vivid realization o what her mother would say. Mrs. Burchell wouic judge the very worst of any such victim of acci dent. " Why did she lose her tráin ?" her mothe: would have said. " Depend upon it, such thing! . don't happen'.when.people take common care.' Agnes knew how her mother would look, denounc ing the unfortunate with hard eyes in which was no pity, and naturally her mother was her standard So, np doubt, people would think,-people whe were respectable, who never placed themselves ir embarrassing situations. They would go further, she .thought, with a still more poignant touch oí . anguish ; they would say that this is what comes , of religious vagaries, of sisterhoods, of attempts at being or doing something more th an/other people They would laugh and sneer, and hold her up as an example-and oh, never, never, never, could she get the better of this ! it would cling to her all her life j never, never, .could she hold up her head again. Oswald, too, was full of thought, planning in his mind how he was to carry out his intentions, his mind so overflowing with plans that he could not talk. He had been grieved to the heart by the , dilemma into which his carelessness had plunged them. But now he began to recover, and a certain sensation of boyish pleasure in the escapade came stealing into his mind. He would not have ac knowledged it, but still there it was. The village was a mere collection of common cottages in yel low brick, as ugly as it was possible to imagine ; but the inn was an old roadside inn of past times, redj with a high-pitched roof all brown with lichen, showing tho mean modernness of the others. An inquisitive landlady stood at the door watch ing for them, inquisitive but good-natured, the fame of their failure having travelled before them. Oswald strode on in advance when he saw the woman. "Good-evening," he said, taking off his hat, which was a civility she was not used to. " If you are the landlady, may I speak to you ? There is a young lady here who has missed her train. She is very, much frightened and distressed. Can you give her a room, and take care of her ? It is all an accident. Can you take care of her for the night ?" "And you, too, sir ?" asked the woman. " Oh, never mind me. It is the young lady who is important. Yes, Miss Burchell," he said, going back to Agnes, " here is some one who will attend to you. I will not ask you to talk to me to-night," he added, droijping his voice, "but do not be sur prised if you find me gone in the morning. I shall be off by the first train, and you will wait for me here. I think you will be comfortable ; everything shall be settled directly." " Oh, how can I, how can I ? Mr. Meredith, it is not possible. I must bear it. It was not our fault. I will tell them everything, and-I will go home." # "Yes, darling, with your husband. What does it matter this month or next ? You have promised me pne way or the other. There is no harm in getting married," he said, with a breathless eager ness in his voice. " Is it not by far the best thing? And then, all will be setled at once." .'No, not that"' she said, breathless, too, with excitement. " But if you will go to the House, and tell Sister Mary Jane everything-you must tell her everything-" "I will," he said,fervently. "Surely you may trust me. And I will bring her to you in the after noon. Everything shall be right. Now go, my clearest, and rest, and don't worry yourself. I will vam,1 the Dlame «pon myself." ai ie !>Iaine "was mine, too," she said, 'gravely, aae strained her eyes through the darkness to see. ms face. Was he taking it with levity-was m unaware of th© terrible, terrible seriousness | of the whole business? She could not hear th« idea that it was any thing less tragic t« him, too. " Ko, I cannot allow that. It was my folly, my thoughtlessness. But could I be expected to thini to-day ? I can't even say good-night to you, darl ing. Promise me to sleep, and not to worry your self with thinking. By six o'clock I shall be of to set all right." " To bring the Sister ?" she said, casting a sof 1 look back at him. " I shall be very, very grateful Good-night." "Good night," he said. Ile stood in the little hall and watched her going up stairs, her slighl little figure drooping in its black drapery, th« cheerful landlady preceding her with a light What a revolution since the morning ! Then she had been a kind of divinity worshipped at a dis tance, now she was his ; and not only his, bul already dependent upon him, absolutely in his hands. To do Oswald justice, this consciousness only increased the touch of reverence which had always mingled with his love. She was not a girl like other girls- though, indeed, full of levity and carelessness as he was, Oswald had never been dis respectful even of those " other girls," who were not to be mentioned in the same breath with Agnes. She was by herself ; there was no one like her. Even in this indiscretion which she had committed-and though it was entirely his fault, yet it could not be denied that it was ari indiscretion-what a delicate veil of maidenly reserve had been about her! Still like one of Perugino's angels just touching earth, ready to fly if exposed to a look or word less exquisite thar her own xmrity. This was how he thought of her, and it is well for all parties when young lovers think so ; though not the wildest extravagance ol "fastness" could be worse than what Agnes thought of it iu the silence of the little room up stairs, where she had already fallen down upon her knees by the bed, crying her heart out, hei face hidden in an anguish of shame. Oswald's feelings were less acute. Ho went out when she disappeared, and sat down on the bench outside, where two or three silent men were sitting smok ing, drinking their beer, and giving forth a frag mentary remark at intervals. There was no light but that which streamed from the open door and the little red-curtained window beside it, where the same kind of dull, sociable drinking was going on. Outside, the soft night air and pale yet warm night sky elevated the homely scene. Oswald took off his hat, and exposed his head to the fresh caressing of the air, which blew his hair about and refreshed him body and soul. He was tired, for he had taken an unusual amount of exercise, not to speak of the strain of mind he was still undergoing. He took a mighty draught of beer, and felt himself strong again. Naturally there had been no such beverage in the boat, and even the smile of Agnes, which, though sweet, waa very timid, did not sustain his strained muscles; and he had rowed hard for the last half hour at least, and was un accustomed to the exertion-out of training, as he would have said. So that altogether it was in a very agreeable manner of repose that he set him self to a final arrangement of his plan. He was in a scrape, no doubt ; but that he was used to, and this time what a glorious scrape it was! a fit climax to ail the others of which he had exhausted the sensations ; but for Agnes, indeed, and her pain, it was, he said to himself, the very way he would have chosen to settle his marriage. No lingering negotiations, no presentations to her family, and sense of being on his best behaviour while they inspected him, no fuss of presents and trousseau, and tiresome delay (to tell rae truth, no one would have enjoyed the presents and the prepa tions, and all the importance of the intervening time, more than Oswald ; but his easy mind easily ignored this, and took refuge in the most desirable aspect of the alternative.) The only thing he dis liked in the prospect before him was the idea of having to get up very early in the morning, which, especially after the fatigue and excitement of this day, was a bore to think of. Otherwise every thing was ideal, he persuaded himself. He watched a light come into a window overhead as he sat resting, enjoying the fresh air. That must be her room, bless her ! Poor darling, how pale she had grown, how frightened ! But never in her sweet life to come should there be anything to be frightened of. Thus Oswald resolved in his tender thoughts. "Do you know at what hour the first train goes ?" he asked of one of the men who were sitting by " Well, master, mostly it's at six o'clock," was the answer ; " but to-morrow, you see, being Sun day-" " Good heavens ! Sunday !" he said, with a cry of dismay. " Well, wherever 'ave you been a-living not to know it was Sunday ? Any fool knows that. I reckon, master, as you've come from abroad. They don't take no notice of Sundays there, I've heard say. It's Sunday, and ten o'clock is the first train ; and early enough, too," said the man, who was a porter on the railway, and felt the hardship of the rest disturbed. Oswald could not find a word to say. He had forgotten this terrible fact. It made every thing doubly terrible for the moment, and it turned all his own plans into foolishness. He sat dumb, unable to say a word, unable even to think, his mouth open, his heart beating. What was to be done ? Now, indeed, he felt the harm of his folly ; a whole day lost, and Agnes kept in this equivocal position, and all tongues let loose. This fairly sobered the light- hearted young man. He stole up stairs to the little bedroom which had been pre pared for him, still speechless, as much cast down as Agnes was. What were they to do ? He flung himself on his bed in a kind of despair. Next morning, though it was not his custom, Oswald was awake as early as if the train had been six o'clock, as he thought. It was better not to let her know, not to agitate her further. Having . once got this idea into his head, he went further, and resolved upon the most disinterested course of action possible. He would go all the same, though he could do nothing he wished to do, and carry out her will ; she should be satisfied. To do this, with new-born delicacy, he left the inn early, so that she might suppose he had only carried out his original intention. What would Sister Mary Jane say to him ? He would be the wolf and Agnes the lamb in her eyes. How could any one think other wise ? But what did it matter so long as Agnes had justice? He went up to town in the aggravating tedium of a slow Sunday train. It was true he had come down in a slow train the day before, but that was entirely different, there was no tedium in it. The streets were very still when he got to town, everybody being at church, as good Christians ought, and it was only after repeated knockings that he got admission at the big door of the House. The portress gave a little scream at sight of him. " Oh, Sir, can you tell us anything of Miss Burchell? She never wrote to say she was.goingto stay, and we've been that anxious about her !" " Can I speak to the Sister Superior ?" said Oswald, somewhat troubled in his mind as to the reception he would receive. "The Sister Superior has been sent for to the mother-house, Sir," said the portress. " She had to go yesterday. It is some meeting-nobody knew it till yesterday. Perhaps she will be back to-morrow, but we don't know. "Would Sister Catherine do? If it was anything about Miss Burchell-" "It was the Sister Superior I wanted," said Oswald, and after a pause he turned away. He would not say anything about Miss Burchell. After he had left the house, it occurred to him that even this humble portress would have been better than nothing, but then it was too late. He walked about the streets for a whole hour, questioning with himself what he ought to do. His mother? She was very kind, but she was not without her prejudices ; and would not she recol lect afterward that her first sight of her daughter in-law had been at the railway inn at the junction, in a semi-conventual dress and a most equivocal position? If he could but have laid hands on Cara! But on what excuse could he run away with a second young lady ? No, there was nothing for it now. He must go back to Agnes, and tell her ol his non-success, which was not his fault, and next day he must carry out his own plan. There was nothing else for it. He went to the chambers of a friend, not venturing to go home¿ and borrowed some clothes ; then went back again in the afternoon. There werë few trains, and not many people were travelling so far. He was the only individual who got out at the junction, where already he was a person of importance. *' The young lady said as there was another lady coming,". the porter said to him, who had told him last- night about the train ; and the man looked suspiciously about the carriage, in the net ting and under the seat. " Do you think I've made away with her ?" said Oswald ; but he trembled as he walked down the road to the inn between the two high hedge-rows. Agnes was walking about, waiting, with wistful eyes. He saw at a glance that she had modified her dress by some strange art not to be divined by man. Her cloak was laid aside; her long black dress looked severely graceful in comparison with the snippings and trimmings of fashion, but nbt otherwise extraordinary. And she had a simple hat, borrowed from the landlady's daughter, over the warm golden-brown Perugino hair. She stood still, clasping her hands, when she saw he was alone. . " It is no fault of mine," he said, going up to her in hurried apology and desperation. Agnes grew so pale that he Jost all his courage. "She would not come, then?- the poor girl cried, with a half-sobbing sigh. , "No, no ; not that; she was not there. It is our bad luck. She was gone tb the mother-house, whatever that may be. What could I do ? I have done nothing but think since I left. Oh, Agnes, forgive me, my darling, for haying brought you into this ! My own plan is the only one ; but I never thought of this-Sunday- to-morrow, to morrow everything can be arranged." This was the text upon which he enlarged for the whole afternoon. There was not another train till the evening, and what could they do even if there had been trains ? They had to'eat the chicken which the curious landlady had prepared, together, and went out again in the afternoon, and sat under a tree, and talked. They were miserable, or at least Agnes was miserable-and yet happy. Oh, if she had but known, if she had but gone on this morning, or back to Limpet Bay, where there were Sisters and a shelter ! But now ! every moment compromised her more, and made it more impossible to do anything but acquiesce in what he proposed. And so the long, slow, weary, anxious, miserable, delicious Sunday wore to a close : it was all these things together. They took the landlady into their confidence, and told her all that had happened, while Agnes sat crying. She thought even this woman would shrink from her ; but the woman, on the contrary, was deeply interested, delighted, and flattered. There was the parsonage half-a-mile off, and the clergyman the kindest old gentleman. A wedding in the house ! She could not contain herself with pride and pleasure. Crying! what was the young lady cry ing about ? An 'usband that adored her, instead of them nunnery places as she could never abide to hear of. This unexpected support quite exhil arated Oswald, and it cowed Agnes, who had no power of self-assertion left. In this way it all came about according to Os wald's rapid programme, which he had sketched out as soon as he knew they were too late on Saturday night. He was so much in earnest, so eager to carry out his plans, that, much as it went against his mind to do so, he went to town again on Monday by the six o'clock train. As soon as the offices were opened he presented himself at the proper place (wherever that may be ; I have not the information), and got his license. By this time he was so much himself again, his light heart had so regained its characteristic boyish ease, and the tragically had gone so completely out of the situ ation, that it seemed to him the best of jokes-a delightful, practical pleasantry, a piece of charm ing mischief to startle all sober people. He went about in his hansom with involuntary smiles on his lips, the chief thing that alarmed liim being tho chance of meeting Edward or Cara, or some one who would know him. How startled they would be when they knew ! Poor dear little Cara, would she feel it just a little? But for the rest it was the greatest joke. To come down upon them with his wife-his wife ! Oswald laughed in spite of himself, half with happiness, half with a sense of the fun. When he had got his license sate in his pocket-which gave a kind of legality to the whole -he went to a famous milliner's, and had a large boxful of things packed up. This was a business which delighted him. Ile chose a little white bonnet, a white dress, partially made, which the lady's-niaid could arrange in an hour, the smiling milliner assured him, a veil which would envelop the figure nf Agnes from top to.toe, a hat in whioh she could travel. How she was to be transported to London in that white silk dress it did not occur to him to ask ; for he was still young and thought- * less, though on the eve of being married, lie had never seen her surrounded by any of the pretty finery which girls love, in nothing but her black poke-bonnet. Tb throw the veil about her, to see her Perugino countenance under the large-leaved hat with its drooping feathers, what a transforma tion it would be Î And when, having done all his business, he travelled back to the junction1 with his big dressmaker's, box, all thoughts except those of delighted anticipation had gone out of Oswald's mind.' The junction had a friendly1 look to him, and he walked down the lane to the inn with the feeling of going home. What a fortunate thing that the poor old gover nor had died when he didi Poor old fellow! His son did not grudge him his existence as long as he remained in this world, or rather in the other world across the seas in India, where he interfered with nobody. But as he did mean to die, what a thing it was that he should have done it just then! Oswald made a hurried run to his banker's while he was in town, and sup plied himself with money, that grand requisite o£ all extravagant and eccentric proceedings. He was as happy as a child walking down the lane, the porters grinning and knowing all about it, carrying the big box after him; he had got his own portmanteau, too, with his best clothes in it, ac cording to the orders which he had telegraphed to the Square; and all was ready for-the wedding. Surely à stranger wedding never was. The little cluster of houses at the junction was as much excited as if the affair had been a family one con cerning each house. Hew did they know? Who could say ? The landlady swore it was rio "doing of hers. Agnes would not wear the white silk which he had bought for her, but consented to put on a plain white muslin which the dressmaker next doorliad luckily just made for herself, and which » she was free to dispose of at a profit. And so the soft June twilight dropped and the dews fell once more, and quite a little crowd hung about the inn, trying for a peep at " them." Only three days since they came from London in separate carriages, to meet " by accident " on the sands. And now they were bridegroom and bride, and to-morrow was their wedding day ! ? . . > * [TO.BE CONTINUED."! 