A PLEA FOR ENGLISH. To THE EDITOR OF THE W. A. TIMES. SIR,-Allow me through your columns of the present week to point out a mistake which too often spoils the sense of the collect for the second Sunday after Easter. I refer to the words " and also daily endeavour ourselves to follow the blessed steps of His most holy life. " This is often read with a strong emphasis upon the word ourselves, whereas a glance at the context will shew this to be incorrect, there being no opposition in sent between ourselves and others. But the student of English needs not to be told that at the date of the compiling of the Anglican Prayer-book the verb " to endeav- our" was transitive and reflective, as well as absolute. The early use of the word, both in its sub- stantial and verbal shape would shew a relationship with the Latin debate and the French devoir, though other derivations were at one time accepted. In the " Romaunt of the Rose" we find " Let him with full attention His dear done in each desire That is fond are shamed be." Here to do one's clever" is the equivalent of false son devoir" and of " delirium suum press are." In the Homily for Rogation week is written "Let us endeavour ourselves diligently to keep the presence of His Holy Spirit." In an edition of the Bible nearly contemporaneous with the present authorized version in a well known noble passage in the 3rd, chapter of the Epistle to the Philippians, we find " I endeavour myself towards the mark." In the opening paper of "The Rambler" occur these words : " I purpose to endeavour the entertainment of my countrymen by a short essay on Tuesdays and (not Fridays !) Saturdays." In a French translation published 240 years ago the words in the collect are rendered " que nous nous efforcions." But we need not travel out of the Book of Common Prayer. in the Ordering of Priests" the Bishop says "that by daily reading and weighing of the Scriptures ye may wax riper and stronger in your ministry and that ye may so endeavour y ourselves from time to time to sanctify the lives of you and yours &c.; And again later The Bishop : " Will you be diligent in prayer I Answer : " I will endeavour myself so to do, the Lord being my helper." I have the honour to be Sir, Your obdt. servant, THE GHOST OF SAMUEL JOHNSON 