THE DIRECT RAILWAY ROUTE TO GIPPSL?ND." A? ipublic meeting .wa h'eid on WedInesday· evening, at '-the Town Hall, Piahran, in favor of the '." green line, for: conneoting Oakleigh with Melbourne via Prahran, as proposed by the present Governmenta and passed by the Legislative Assembly, as tlihe only economioal, straightforward,, and proper trunk line of railway between M?elboiirine and GippsLand."' The Mayor of Prauran (W. Boiwen, asq,) occupied the chair, and stated that he was autharised to apologise for the absence of Mr R. Murray Smith and Cr Turner, both of whom were unavoidably detained from attending the meeting. Councillor Taylor (of Prahran) said that the question of connecting Gtpps Land with Melbourne had been a bugbear for years, and ihad haunted the community like Hamlet's ghost. Successive Ministries had shirked finally dealing with the question from political motives, and one scheme after another had been brought forward and dise posed of. The purchase of the Hobson's Bay line had been deolined, the outer-circle line, which had also. found supporters, had been rejected, and they now came .to the direct line. That line had been slightly modified by changing its terminus from the south to the north side of the 'Yarra, but it was tne shortest, quickest, and cheapest line,'and it went to its mark " as the crow flies." The people who would he benefted by the outer-circle hnd'their rights to rail way communication, but they could surely be obtained without turning a great trunk line several miles out of the way. The in habitante of Prahran and its neighbourhaod should.speak out" on the subject with.no. uncertain sound, and should. strengthen the hands of the Government in their efforts to secure direct .communication with Gipps Land. The present Ministry was enti:led to the thanks of the community for the earnest and h'ohest endeavour they had made to grapple with a question which had been trifled with and delayed too long. It had been said that the outer-circle line would bring timber to the Brunswick petteries and cattle to the Flemirigton. yarns. But he apprehended that they. had as good clay around Prehran ae there was in Brunswick, and he' considered that when' there was about an-eighth of. the population of th. olony located on ithe sauth side of the Yarra it was an economic blunder to carry cattle to Flemington in order ta drive them several miles back to Prahran again. He would move-" That this meeting is of opinion that Schedule No. 1, indicating the green line, for connecting Oakleigh with Melbourne, via Prahran, as proposed by the present Government, and passed--by-. the Legislative Assembly, is the only economical, straightforward, and, proper trunk line of railway between Melbeurne' and Gipp: Land." Mr. T. Y. Andeson seconded the motion, and stated that the Gipps Land line would in future time beknown as that which had been deliberately bungled in its construction from political maotives:. It was shameful to think that for political' reasons so'much made 'road and so much expended capital should be irendered useless, because the question of the junction with Oakleigh could n?ot be decided upon, either from politicail "r other interested motives...He believedthat the Gippsland Railway would be one of the busiest and most profitable in the colony. It tapped districts rich in timber, in the precious metals, and blessed with great natural fertility, and the participation in the benefits of the traffic sure to be caused by it belonged to Prahran and the districts ad. joining. The motion having been put to the mdaet ing, was agreed to. Mr. William Harrison. (of Prahran).said that if the Government proposition weeas adopted, the Hobson's Bay line would sooner or later fall into the hands of the Government for a nominal sum. The Geelong line, and that to Essendon, were made by private capital, iand they were ultimately purchased by Government. The members of tiee Upper House knew that the HIobsolin's Bay Radilway would share the same .fate,. and its members who were interested in that company were determined to do all.in their power to avert such a catastrophe. He trustedl that the members for the district, backed up by siuch a meet ing as that which he was addressing, would do all in their power to give the G.o vernment proposals the fores of law. He would move-" ''l'hat the direct lire of railway referred to in the first resolution, continued through Malvern and Gardiner and thenca'straight to Oakleigh, is a most reasonable project, and' ales the. only. true solution' of the problem involved in the Parliamentary policy necessitating the con struction sof the south-eastern portion of the state railways. This meeting pledges itself to oppose any alteration of route outside the scheduled .aeviation specified in the Govern ment bill now before the Lbgislative Council." IMr. Nelson (of the Caufielde Shi'e Council and a resident of Oakleigh) in seconding the motion, said there was just as much reason in proposing the present deviation of tihe G-ippsland line as there would' have beau in the districts south of the Yarra asking that the northreastern railway should come into the metropolis via PraLran and Gardiner. The route proposed by the Ununcil added, an additional four miles to the length?:f 'the line, whioh'it should be remembered: wbuld fall upon the passengers, and cost those who used the line: every dy., £10 'per; annum. To 100 traYrllers .thb' cost would he £1,000, or' £10,000 foiq?'very. 1000 passengers at the sau'ea;atio.' He trusted they would work unitedly t.o achieve- the object they-had in .vie?.:and ineistiig upon having the most airtildt line. ..Hedassured them they had the iheartidst suppor of the residents of Oakleigh and the onilying districts. Ti'e motiuon was adopte unan.mouny. Mr' James M'Kean sci'tdd that the Go; erinment ;who hbd let the first contract for the GippesLand line bad. by letting the SClv end ot''the contract first, commenced tbe building .of the house at the roof. (Lau h-b ter.) 'There were nine routea propoied to conneat Oakleigh with Melboarne, five; ol which joined the Hobsbn:! Bay line at various poinut, and flur of which were iade pendeBt lines. The most direct, the shortest, and in every way the bet, wee that which they were met thiit nriight to advocate. Every one who cared for the benefit of the community at large' weuld, he was convinced, agree'with theni.' The Upper ;HouseB had a larger interest in the Hobson's Bay line than in any other railway, and he weeas afraid that no amount of argument would corinvince them to act agn~int these interests. But he tristed. that ,the Ministry would be firm, and would not permit the Upper House to endanger direct communication with Gipps Land. Mr. herry had in nast iimes suffered by the ".ironhand," and it was to be hoped that now that be (Mr. Barry) hed the power, he would use the "iron hand" against the opponents pf the direct line to Oakleigh. (Cheers.) He woulid oonclude by moving the third resolution, which was as follows:-"That this meeting is of opinion that the amendients proposed by the Legislative Council on the Governmaent railway scheme for the coinexion of Oak leigh with Melbourne will, if carried into effect,' deprive this and surrounding~districts of their natural rights, as well as inflict a lasting and irreparable injury on the com mercial interests and prosperity of 'this. town." ' Mfr. Woedmanson seconded the motion, and in so doing said the loss to the publio of these districts in ,firewood alone would be something like 3s. per load, if the line wasee taken in'ashother direction, which meant a cost of something like £45,000 per annum, mostly out of the pockets of the working. men. He trusted they would go into tihe matter with vigour, and not rest satisfied till they had gained 'their'object. They should remember:that ' faint.heart never won fair lady." Mr. E. J. Dixon, M.P., said he took it the present meeting wais not so much to discuss the merits of the question as to support the Oovernment'.in'.their endeavour to pass the Green line as proposed through the Upper House. It was a notorious fact that the latter body had adopted tie present amend. ment, not out of deference to the professional evidence that had been given-for siot a single suggestion had 'been made in favour of taking running pfowers over the Melbourne Railway to Hawthorn-hbut because they had made up their minds beforehand, and only wished to strengthen their hands with evidence that had fortunately not been forth coming. He believed that his colleague would support: 'the . Government in their present bill, but he would like to know to what extent he and those around him were prepared to go od carry out their views. The question was beset with difficulties. The Assembly had adopted a certain line; tlhe RConcil' had thought proper to sub. stitute'another. How far would Mr. Carter sudp'pdrt 'the 'Assembly as against the Council? For hisi own part he was pre pared to go any'length to carry the project. (Oheers.) MrC . e . D. Carteri, M.P., epid he hied supported the present proposition of the Government :which :.he i might, say he was the originator of, but he objected to be drawn into a corner as to how far he would go to bring the matter to a successful termination, though he would say that he was prepared to go to any extent within the four corners of the Constitution Act. If .they were to. takeb iunning powers over the existing line it would be far' better to branch the line from the South arra stati6n than' from Hawthorn, as it would serve a large number' of persons who resided between the former station and Oakleigh. Mr. F. Petbrson moved-" That a memorial embodying the above resolutions, signed on behalf of this meeting by the bhairman thereof, be forwarded to the mem bers of-the district, for presentation to. Par liament. The motion as seconded by Mr. Mitchell. of Prahran, and adept.d. A vote of thanks having been acoorded to the chairman, the proceedings terminated; . 