Klss'onary Work. The Methodist church in the village is doing now, as it was always done, a good and noble work for Christisanity and the cause of public morals ; but it has not escaped the trials which are permitted sometimes to afflict the Church militant. Years ago, when the congregation was first organised, it erected a small but very pretty frame meeting-house. In the course of time the people became dissatis .fied with the location of the house of worship; and as they had a good offer for a site, they sold it and bought a better one in another quartpr. Then they put rollers under the building^ and so sooa as it was off the ground the purchaser of the lot began to build a dwelling- hou^e on the site. It was slow work pushing church along the street, and before they had got far somebody discovered that the title of the new site was not good, and so the bargain was annulled. The next day the brethren went plunging around town trying to buy another site, but nobody had one to sell ; and on the following morning tbe supervisors got an order from the court reqniring that meeting house to be removed from the public str et within twenty-four hours. The brethren were nearly wild about it, and they begged old Brindley to let them run the concern in on his vacant lot temporarily until they could look aronnd. But Brindley belonged to a another denomination, and he said b*- felt it would be wrong for him to do anything to help a church tbat believed false doctrines. Then they ran the meeting-house out on tbe turnpike beyond|the town, whereupon the turnpike company notified them that its charges would be eight dollars a day for toll. So they hauled it back again ; and while going down the hill it broke loose, plunged through the fence of D-. Mackey's garden and bi ought up on top of his asparagus-bed. Hs is an Episcopalian, and he sued the meeting for damages ; and the sheriff levied upon the meetmg-house, The brethren pail the bill and dragged the building out again. They wanted to put it in the court bous^ yard, but Judge Twiddler, who is a Presbyterian, said that af'er examining the . statutes carefully he could find no law allowing a Methodist meeting-house to be located in that place. In dtspair, the brethren ran the bnildmg down to the river-shore and fitted it on a huge raft of logs, concluding to tie it to the wharf until they could buy a lot . But as tho owner of the wharf handed them on the third day of the removal, a bill of twenty-five dollars for wharfage, they took the building out and anchored it in the stream. That night a tag boat, coming up the river in dark, ran halfway through the Sunday-school room, and a Dutch brig, coming into collision with it, was drawn out with the pulpit and three of the front pews dangling from the bowspirit. The owner of both vessels sued for damages, and th^ United States authorities talked of confiscating the meeting house as an obstruction to navigation. But a few days afterward the ice-gorge s^nt a flood down thei river and broke the building loose from its anchor. It was subsequently washed ashore on Keyser's farm ; and he said ho was willing to let it stay there at four dollars a day rent until he was r-'ady t' plough for corn. As the cost of removing it would have been great, the trustees ultimately sold it to Keyser for a barn, and then, securing a good lot, they built handsome edifice of stone. On the fir-4 Sunday that the con gregation worshiped in the new church Mr. Potts attended : and in accordance with Us custom, he placed his silk high i hat just outside of the pew in the aisle. In a few moments Mrs. Jones entered, and as she proceeded up the aisle her abounding skirts caught Mr. Potts' hat and rolled it nearly to the pulpit. Mr. Potts' pursued his hat with feelings of indignation 3 and when Mrs. Jones took her seat, he walked back, brushing the hat with his sleeve. A few moments later Mrs. Hopkins came church ; and as Mr. Potts had again placed his hat in the aisle, Mrs. Hopkins 5 skirts struck it and swept it along about twenty feet, j and left it lying on the carpet in a | demoralised condition. Mr. Potts was singing a hymn at the rime, and he didn't miss it. But a moment later, when he looked over the end of the pew to see if it was safe, he was furious to perceive that it was gone. He skirmished up the aisle after it again, red in the face, and uttering sentences which were very much out of place in the sanctuary. However, he put the hat down again and determined to keep his eyes on it, but just as he turned his head away for a moment Mrs. | Smiley came in, and Potts looked around only in time to watch the hat being gathered in under Mrs. Smiley's skirts and carried away by them. He started in pursuit, and just as he did so the hat must have rolled against Mrs. Smiley's ankles, for she gave a jump and screamed right out in church. When her husband asked her what was the matter, she said there be a dog under her dress, and she gave her skirts a twist. Out rolled Mr. Potts' hat, and Mr. Smiley, being very near sighted, thought it was a dog, and immediately kicked it so savagely that it flew up into the gallery and lodged on top of the organ. Mr. Potts, perfectly frantic with rage, forgot where he was ; and holding his clinched-; - fistjunder Smiley's nose, he shrieked, ' I've half a mind to brand you, you scoundrel !' Then he flung down his hymn book and rushed from the church. He went home bareheaded, and the sexton brought his humiliating hat around after dinner. After that Mr. ' Potts expressed a purpose to go habitually : to a Quaker meetting, where he could | say bis prayers with his hat on his head, and where the skirts of female wor- ' shippers are smaller. j Upon a subsequent occasion Mrs. Whistler had even greater occasion for j dissatisfaction with the sanctuary. i The facts in Mrs. Whistler's case j were these : Mrs. Whi~tler has singular ? absence of mind, and on the last i Sunday she attended church Dr. Dox j began to read from the Scriptures the j account of the Deluge. Mrs. Whistler j was deeply attentive : and when the | doctor came to the story of how it rained for so many days and nights, she was so much absorbed in the narrative and so i strongly impressed with it that ! she involuntarily put up her I umbrella and held it over her head as she sat in the pew. It appears that Mrs. Moody, sits in the next pew in front, frequently brings her lap-log to church with her ; and when Mrs. Whistler raised her umbrella suddenly, the actioii, affec ted the sensibilities of Mrs. Moody's dog in such a manner that he began to bark furiously. Of course the sexton came in for the purpose of removing the animal, but it dodged into a vacant pew upon other side of the aisle and defied him, barking vociferously all the time. Then the sexton became warm and indignant, and he flung a cane at the dog, whereupon the dog flew out and bit his leg. The excitement in the church by this time, of course, was simply dreadful. Not only was the story of the Deluge interrupted, but unregenerate Sunday school scholars in the gallery actually hissed the dog at the sexton, aud seemed to enjoy the contest exceedingly. Then Elder McGinn came after the dog with his cane, and as he pursued the auimal it dashed towards the pulpit and ran up the steps in such a fierce manner that the doctor quickly mounted a chair and remarked, with anger flashing through his spectacles, that is this disgraceful scene did not soon come to an end he should dismiss the congregation. Then the elder crept softly up stairs and after a short struggle he succeeded in grasping the dog by one of its hind legs. Then he walked down the aisle with it, the dog meantime yelling with super naturhl energy, and the Snnday school boys making facetious remarks. Mrs. Whistler turned around, with other members of the congregation, to watch the retreating elder, and as she did so she permitted her unconscious umbrella to drop so that 'she end of one of the ribs caught in Mr. Moody's bonnet A moment later, when she was straightening up the umbrella, the bonnet was wrenched off, and hung dangling from the umbrella, Mrs M ody hadbecome excedingly warm, at any rate, over the onslaught made upon her dog, but when Mr. Whistler removed her bonnet, she fairly boiled over ; and turning around, while with vage, she screamed. ' What'd you grab that bonnet for, you wretch ! Haven't yon made enough fuss in this church to-day ,skeering a poor innocent dog, without snatching off such bonnets as the like of you can't afford to to wear, no matter how mean you live at home, red-headed lunatic, you ! You let my bonnet alone, or I'll hit you with this parasol, if it is in meeting, now mind me !' Then Mrs. Whistler, for the first time, seemed to realise that her umbrella made her conspicuous ; so she furled it and concluded to escape from an em harass ing position by going home. As she stepped into the aisle, her enemy gave her a parting salute. ' Sneaking off before the collection, too ! You'd better spend less for breast- I pins and give more to the poor heathen 1 if you don't want to ketch it hereafter !' Then she began to fan herself furiously, and as Mrs. Whistler emerged from the front door and things became calmer the doctor l'esumed the story of the Flood. But Mrs. Whistler has give up her pew and gone over to the Presbyterians, and there are rumours that Mrs. Moody is going to secede also because Elder McGinn insists that she shall leave her dog at home. The Dorcas and missionary societies of the church are particularly active, but they were somewhat discouraged a year or two ago by certain unforeseen occurrences. The ladies of tbe Dorcas Societvmade up a large quantity of shirts, trousers aud socks, and boxed them up and sent them to a missionary station on the west coast of Africa. A man named Ridley went out with the boxes and stave 1 in Africa for several months. When he returned, the Dorcas Society, of course, was anxious to hear how its donation was received, aud Ridley one evening met the numbers and told them about it in a little speech. He said. ' Well, you know, we got the clothes out there all right, and after a while we distributed them among some of the natives in the neighbourhood. We thought maybe it would attract them to the mission, but it didn't ; and after some time had elapsed and no natives came to church with the clothes on, I went out on an exploring expedition to find out about it. It seems that on the first day after the goods were distributed one of the chiefs attempted to dress himself in a shirt. He didn't exactly understand it, and he pushed his l6g% through the arms and gathered the tail up around 1 his waist. He couldn't make it stay up, however, and they say he went around inquiring in his native tongue what kind of an idiot it was that constructed a garment chat wouldn't hang an, and swearing some awful heathen oaths. At last he let it drag, and that night got his legs tangled in it somehow and fell over a precipice aud was killed. ' Another chief who got one on properly went paddling around in the dark, end the peof le, imagining that be wa-s a ghost, sacrificed four babies to keep off the evil spirit. ' And then you know, those trousers you sent out ? Well, they fitted one % pair on an idol, and then tbey stuffed ' -| » ost of the rest with leaves and Bet them | V as kind of new-fangled idols and | ^an to worship them. They say that ' f:'.| \ ^services wpre very impressive. Some ' °ie women split a few pairs in half, '^fter sewing up the legs used them ' parry yams iu ; and I saw one chief ? \ a corduroy leg on his head as a kind ? \l«net. | t think, though, the socks were most ;i £r. All the fighting men went for the first thing. They filled them ,. Vnd and used them as boomerangs vj sr-clubs. I learned thai they were * — ?' pleased with the efficienccy of \'ks that they made a raid on a rine tribe on nurnose to try id they knocked about eighty d children on the bead before ' back. They asked me if I ;|| Deak to you to send out a few 8 re, and to make them a little -|f 's they'd last longer ; and M t«ld. .. .J iety's. doing a power of good f \- athen, and I've no .doubt if fat along with the work you ate a general war all over ti.*- j of Africa and give every-- ' body au ? his own, All they want :|| is enough soc.s and trou ers. —I'll tjakd T them when I rgo out again.' ' ?; *j|jk Then the Dntcae parsed « resolution ' 'M declaring that it wouM, - « better to be to let th e hefitheii v j^p n aked ~ and give the clothes to '.the pH^aihome. . . Maybe that is., the better way.— ~ Adeler . ' ' '. ' . ' ' ' : '. — ? ? ? 