Wxt InsMMwn #f ikt §x$ko$ of T.The following report, with some slight corrections, is from the Argus.] ? .The installation of the Eight Rev. Dr. James Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, was performed on 11th January, in the Cathedral Church of St. James, William-street. The occasion, was one of great interest to the members of the Episcopalian denomination, and it was to be regretted that the ceremony could not have been held in a building affording more accommodation for the large number of those : desirous of witnessing it. St. James's, though dignified with the title of the Cathedral Church, has none of the characteristics of the cathedral about it but the name ; and when put forward as the repre = sentative buildingof the most numerous denomination in the colony, gives but a poor impression of the energy and spirit of its members. The church has not sitting accommodation for more than 650, and the number of tickets issued did not exceed 650; but lUUC WCJtC UldLlJ LilUIC JJLCE3UMU J'COLVSi.Ucl/J. UCt*La VVUig ^/AO.\A5«.,.«»Vf^B the aisles, and throughout the service a large number of; person's were standing. A majority of the congregation consisted, of ''ladies. The service commenced shortly after eleven o'clock. The. clergy arid. ? chapter met the Bishop at the principal entrance to the church, and conducted him to the chancel in procession in the following order : — The verger?, lay canons, deacons, priests and canons (in- surplices), the archdeacons, the Bishop of Ballaarat, the Bishop, the chaplains of the late Bishop, and the Registrar. The Bishop was seatesl.iri .a ? chair on the north side of the communion table, and the archdd'aqpnsj and canons. also took their places within the chancel. The rest-.off \- the clergy, the lay canons, and; Registrar, were seated in placeB set' apart for them immediately outside the rails. Mr. Summers, who '?:?? acted as organist, played as the introductory voluntary Handel's ' Coronation Anthem' and Vivian's 'Silver Trumpet' march. Morning prayer was read by the Rev. Canon Becher, the incum , bent, and the proper Psalms for the day — cxxxii., cxxxvi., cl. — were . then sung by the choir, consisting of members selected from the choirs. of the city and suburban churches, to the chants by Crotch, . Battishill, and the 6th Gregorian tune. The first lesson, from Isaiah liv., was read by the Rev. Canon Goodman ; and upon its conclusion . the ceremony of installation was commenced. ; . Owing to the illness of the Dean, and to the unavoidable absence of Archdeacon Crawford, the senior archdeacon^ the installation was performed by Archdeacon Tucker, who was empowered to act by commission from the Dean as Vicar-General. The Bishop delivered to Archdeacon Tucker his letters commendatory from the Archbishop of Canterbury, which were read aloud by the Registrar, the Hon. T. T. ; A'Beckett, and were to the following effect : — ' On Sunday, the 22nd day of October, in the year of our Lord 1876, and in the eighth year of the translation of the Right Hon. and ? Most Reverend Father in God, Archibald Campbell, by divine Provi dence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England, and Metropolitan in. ^the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, at Westminster, : in the City of Westminster, the said Eight Honourable and Most Reverend Father the Lord Archbishop, by virtue and authority of a certain royal mandate or warrant under the royal signet or sign manual of Her Most Gracious Majesty and our Sovereign Lady :- Victoria, by the grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great . Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, directed to him of the tenor following, to wit : — ? ''Victoria R. (L.s.).— Victoria, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith. To the Most Reverend Father in God, Archibald Campbell, by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England, and Metropolitan,' greeting — Whereas you, the said Archbishop, have humbly applied to us for our license by warrant, our, sign manual and signet, authorising and empowering you to con secrate our trusty and well-beloved James Moorhouse, doctor of divinity, to be a Bishop, to the intent that he should exercise his . functions in one of our possessions abroad. Now it is our will and pleasure, and we do by' this our license, under our sign manual and Bignet, authorise and empower you, the said Archbishop, to conse crate the said James Moorhouse to be a Bishop ; and we do further authorise and empower you to do, perform, and execute all and singular those things which belong to your pastoral office in respect of such consecration as aforesaid, according to the laws, statutes, and canons in this behalf made and provided. Given at our Court at :? Balmoral this 24th day of October, 1876, in the 40th year of out reign. By Her Majesty's command. — Carnarvon.' The right reverend fathers in God John, by divine permission Lord Bishop of London ; James, by divine permission Lord Bishop of .Hereford ; and Dr. Charles Perry, late Lord Bishop of Melbourne, assisting him, consecrated the said Reverend James' Moorhouse, doctor of divinity, to be a Bishop, as . mentioned in the said royal mandate, he having at the appointed time of the said consecration ... taken the following oath :— ' ' In the name of God. Amen. I, James Moorhouse, to be con secrated a Bishop, do profess and promise all due reverence and obedience to the Archbishop and the Metropolitical Church of Christ, : Canterbury, and to their successors. So help me, God, through Jesus Christ.' The rites, circumstances, and ceremonies anciently used in the ? Church of England, being observed and applied according to the form and manner prescribed in the book entitled - The Form and Manner of Making and Consecrating Bishops, Priests, and' Deacons,' in the presence of me, John Hassard, notary public, Principal Registrar of the Province. of Canterbury, there being then and there also present, the Very Rev. Arthur Penrhyn Stanley, D.D., Dean #f the said Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster; also, Frederick William Farrar, Canon of the said Collegiate Church, D.D., ,and Hariy Wilmot Lee, Egg., one of the secretaries to the said Most Reverend the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, with many others then and there assembled, which I attest. — John Hassard, Regis trar and Notary Public.' The Bishop then made the following declaration, prescribed by the Act of the Church Assembly, No. 2, 1873 : — ' I, James Moorhouse, do solemnly and sincerely declare my acceptance of the constitution of the United Church of England, and Ireland, in the colony of Victoria, as it is set forth in the Act 18 'Victoria, No. 45, commonly known as the Church Constitution Act, and the act to amend the same, passed in the 36th year of the reign of her present Majesty, arid numbered 454 ; and that I will,, to the best of my ability, give effect thereto, and to the acts passed in pursuance thereof, until the same or any of them shall respectively be lawfully altered or varied.' Archdeacon Tucker then read the words of installation, as follows: — 'I, the Venerable Joseph Kidger Tucker, D.D., Archdeacon of Beechworth, under the authority of a commission issued to me by the Very Reverend Hussey Burgh Macartney, doctor of divinity, Dean of the Cathedral1 Church, and Vicar-General of the Diocese of Mel bourne, do, on this, the 11th January, 1877, install and induct ?effectually, and iri full episcopal right, you, the Right Rev. Father in God, James Moorhouse, D.D., in your own proper person, the Bishop ,of Melbourne, elected, confirmed, and consecrated into the real, actual, iand corporal possession of the said Bishopric and Cathedral Church \b£ Melbourne, with all its rights, dignities, honours, privileges, and 'a'ppu^enances whatsoever ; and I do assign to you the said Bishop the 'P.rriRp.onn.1 seat in the chair nsuallv aRsiffned and armninteri to thn Bishbp,v Recording to the custom of this cathedral church in this behalf^l '..???? Thisconcluded the ceremony, and the service proceeded. The Te Deterh aah-Benedictus by Hopkins in F were sung by the choir. The ; 'Rei^&arion; Chase read the second lesson, Rev. iii. The anthem was 4aisen-fromthe Oratorio of ' St. Paul' — 'Now we are ambassadors,' and ' How lovely are the messengers.' At the conclusion of the anthem, the Bishop of Ballaarat read the ante-Communion service, Arch deacon Tucker read the Epistle, and Archdeacon Stretch the Gospel. A hymn was sung, and the Bishop then proceeded to the pulpit, and preachedy and taking for his text Matthew vi. 33 — ?' Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and His righteousness.' He said: — I have been asked, my friends, not to preach a sermon to-day — the length of the service for bids it — but to say a few simple words on this grave and solemn occasion which has brought us all together. I think these words will not be un fittingly spoken in endeavouring to unfold to you the meaning and application of the words of my text. If any one had asked the apostles what they.had been sent out into the world to do, they would, I suppose, have answered readily — To set up the kingdom of God. This must have been their answer, because when their Master sent them forth in His life-time to minister His grace to their own countrymen, the message they were commissioned to preach was—' The kingdom of heaven is at hand.' We know that to explain the nature of that kingdom our Lord delivered many of His discourses, especially the parables, and to bring all men into the fold He sent forth His disciples to preach the Word to all nations. You see then how important is the question — What is the nature of that kingdom of God which bishops are gent forth to minister unto, and which they are to build up among the Christian people in the world? In the first place, it is clear from j Holy Writ that the kingdom of heaven i3 something in this j world. We know that from our Lord's teaching by parables. Not j merely' did He set forth this kingdom under the image of j earthly similitudes, but under such similitudes as represented a mixed company of good and evil. Thus in the parable of the wheat and the tares, the wheat, He says, represented the chil dren of the King, the tares the children of the wicked one; j and when the disciples would uproot the tares, He forbids them to do j so, saying, ' Let them both grow together to the harvest — which is . I the end of the world.' We know that the mixed condition of good I and evil which belongs to Christ's church militant is not a character* I istic of the church triumphant. Still, although the kingdom' of J heaven is in this world, it is quite clear from Scripture that it is not g of this world, neither in spirit nor in its main objects. ' If My king- . | dom were of this world, ' said our Redeemer, ' then would My ser- 1 vants fight, that I be not delivered to the Jews.' St. Paul tells us | that the kingdom of God is not meat or drink, not anything outward, I sensuous, or material ; but something inward and spiritual — 'righteous- 1 ness, peace, joy, and the Holy Ghost. Very little attention to these | words sets before us shortly what is the true estimate of the kingdom | of God, about which we are inquiring. It is first, a new relation to § God — a relation to God which has for its sign arid result righteous-, i ness and joy in the Holy Spirit ; and next, it is a better and truer 1 relation to man, founded on the law of love in accordance with the m spirit of the kingdom of God. These two things, a new relation to m God and a right relation to man, are themselves manifested and indi- M cated by a deep and abiding peace. So you see why St. Paul tells ji us that the kingdom of God is righteousness, peace, joy, and the m Holy Ghost. If any of you want to know whether you are really in || spirit and in truth members of that kingdom, you must put to your- M self two questions : not— Am I baptised? but — Havel entered into a || new relation with God and a right relation with man? God forbid M, that I should undervalue for one moment the privileges of holy bap- m tism. To me they seem to be of inestimable value, for they do indeed m secure to each individual who has been introduced into the visible M church through baptism that love of God which is promised to all M the world in the general proclamation of the gospel. If any man ||| ask me — How do you know that God in Christ loves all mankind ? I m would point to the text which forms a. part of the beautiful anthem g which has been sung, and which says, Christ reconciled— not this ||| man, nor that man, but— the world unto Himself; and if further J. M were asked— What is the meaning of the word ' world?' how do you M know that you or any other man belongs to that world ? then I would || point to the fact that in accordance with the will and by the direp- M tion of our Divine Master we are brought while little ones, and-wifh- j|| out any merit of our own, and are signed with the cross of Jesus in ||| token of that love which God in Christ has for the whoje world. Jm It is one thing, however, to offer the gift, and another whether thai gift is accepted. If I were to offer a gold coin to a mendicant in the streets, it is his as far as my will and intention are concerned ; but it does not become his property actually until he personally appropriates it, until he stretches forth his hand and takes it. God gives His pardon to all men through Jesus Christ, but we must take it, or it does not become ours individually. The grace of the kingdom of God is offered to all, and is given in holy baptism ; but when we arrive at an age to understand the -nature of this gift and the conditions attached thereto, we must consciously stretch forth our hands in faith and take this gift to ourselves. My beloved brethren, I do not care much for forms and shows, though these may be necessary in their place, but I had rather know that one man or one woman in this place was verily and in deed a member of the kingdom of Jesus than have all the forms in the world. I would put it as a personal question to each individual — Have you entered into that new relation with God through the blood of Christ, and consequently into the right.relation with man ? Have you crucified pride, anger, impurity, covetousness, and selfishness of all kinds ; and are you ready and willing to follow the example of Jesus, and by the aid of the Blessed Spirit to give up your own will, and to do the will of the Blessed Father on high, and to do unto all men as you would they should do unto you? If you can say that truly, you are verily and indeed a member of the kingdom of Jesus. If, unhappily, there be any here who cannot give an affirmative answer to these questions, I would ask them to ponder well the words of my text—' Seek ye first the kingdom of God.' Ye know what it is. I have tried to show you that. Ought you not to seek that first ? Which is better — soiil or body? time or eternity ? the favour of God or of man? the satisfaction of our own selfish lusts and pleasures or the gratification of the immortal spirit ? Which will make a man happy and noble below, and which will best fit him for the life beyond the grave ? If the former — if the'Kingdom of God and His righteousness be the better thing— is it not reasonable to ask that you should seek that first? If you do this, you will surely reap the promise connected with the injunction—' Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and His righteousness ; and all these things shall be added unto you.' The offertory was then made, and the service concluded. The Communion service was afterwards held, and the sacrament administered by the Bishop, assisted by the Bishop of Ballaarat and Archdeacons Tucker and Stretch. A large number of communicants remained. After the service was over, the Bishop and clergy returned to the i Diocesan Eegistry, and addresses were then presented to the Bishop. ; Archdeacon Tucker presented the following address from the clergy of the diocese : — ' To the Right Reverend James, Bishop of Melbourne. 'Bight Eeverend Father in God— We, the clergy of your diocese, desire to offer you a hearty and respectful welcome on the occasion of your assuming the episcopal duties which you have been called to exercise among us. 'We desire to give utterance to our devout thankfulness to the Chief Shepherd and Bishop of Souls that He has inclined your heart to respond to the call made to you and that He has safely brought you here to succeed to the seat so long and so worthily filled by your beloved and revered predecessor ; and we assure you that we look for ward with confident hope to the blessings which will come to us and to the church at large by your pastoral oversight and your friendly . advice to us in the work of our ministry, and we trust that you will find us ready, according to our ordination vow, to follow with a glad mind and will your godly admonitions. . ' Different as are our circumstances from those of the church in England, none the less do we regard ourselves as ministers of that church, accepting the responsibilities as well as the privileges of our heritage; and we desire to maintain a dutiful submission to her laws and discipline, and devout attachment to her creeds, services, and standards of faith as set forth in the Book of Common Prayer, together with a full appreciation of that comprehensiveness which has been truly said to distinguish her among the other branches of the Church of Christ. 'You will soon find what are the difficulties which, from the special characteristics of this country, beset our church in bearing a true and effectual witness to the kingdom of God and the gospel of His grace ; but we trust that, under the guidance of a Bishop to whom the true relation of Christianity to the culture, the science, . and the peculiar needs— moral and intellectual— of the day, is well known, we shall be enabled to contend wisely, as well aa boldly, for the faith once delivered to the saints. ''That you may find favour with God and be honoured of men, and that the church over which you preside, being delivered from all heresy, schism, and scandals, may go forward and prosper, so that through her prosperity true religion and godliness may be established among us, to the glory of God our Saviour, and the welfare of our fellow-men, is the earnest prayer of, Eight Eeverend sir— [Signa- tures follow].' Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice, presented the following address, signed by over 3000 members of the laity : — ' To the Right Reverend James Moorhousc, JD.D. , Bishop of Melbourne. ' Eight Eeverend Father in God — We, members of the Church of England in the Diocese of Melbourne, both lay and clerical, beg to approach you on the occasion of your installation with feelings of the deepest reverence for your office and esteem for your person. Your arrival amongst us at this sacred season seems to connect us afresh with the dawn of Christianity ; and we recognise in you another link in that great chain of overseers who, in God's provi dence, have ruled over the church from the time of the apostles to . this our day. Seeing that you have been elected to your sacred office after a principle carefully thought over and agreed upon in the Assembly of the Church, and with many oft-repeated prayers on the part of believers, we trust we can without irreverence adopt the t language of the first Council, of Jerusalem, and truly say of your i appointment to preside over the church in this diocese, that it has 4 ; ' seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.' . . j ' You will find amongst us men of various shades of opinion | ! respecting debatable points in our common faith ; yet we can assure i i you that all such points have been hitherto discussed amongst us in ? i : a Christian spirit, and that the discussion, while carried on with j ; freedom and boldness, as becomes those who seek and love the truth, 3 yet has led to no breach of Christian charity. | ' Those of us who have borne office in the church, whether in the | sacred ministry or in her legislature, or in the local administration of ' j her secular affairs, have been always ready to pay a dutiful regard to j the voice of authority. We ever listened with respectful attention to [ all suggestions of our late Diocesan, for whom we continue to maintain I an unabated affection, and we are prepared to pay the same orderly j deference to you in your capacity of chief pastor. _ j ' The general satisfaction with which your unanimous nomination j by the board of electors was received throughout the diocese justifies the hope that harmony and peace will be enjoyed by us under your government ; while we trust that neither you nor Mrs. Moorhouse, to whom we offer every assurance of affection and welcome, will ever know any other feeling than joy that you have listened to the call of the church in this land, and accepted the high office and dignity in which we see you to-day established. 'That God may bless your rule over us in spiritual things to the glory of His name, the well-being of this diocese, and your own praise and reward at the day of our Lord's appearing, is the un feigned prayer of your faithful servants.' The Bishop acknowledged the addresses, but requested to be excused from replying at length, as he was suffering from the pre vailing epidemic, and would have to speak later in the afternoon. He cordially reciprocated the kindly feeling expressed in those addresses. The Bishop of Ballaarat introduced a deputation from the clergy ? ? and laity of the Diocese of Ballaarat, who were desirous, on behalf of their diocese, of welcoming his lordship to his new sphere of labour, and of presenting their hearty congratulations to him .on his ' safe arrival in the colony. They hoped soon to be able to welcome him in Ballaarat. Mr. W. H. Gaunt, P.M., on behalf of the laity of the Ballaarat -I Diocese, welcomed his lordship. , 'i The Bishop replied, thanking them for their courtesy. His engage ments in his own diocese were so numerous that for some time to come he would, be unable to visit the Diocese of Ballaarat. The proceedings then terminated. j 