SOUTH AUSTRALIA AT THE PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION. Several interesting letters lately receiyedby Mr. C. J. Coates, from Mr. S. Davenport, J.P., the South Australian Commissioner at Phila delphia, have been kindly placed at our dis posal, and we make the following extracts from them:— "Wbevii, in WHHAT.—Professor Archer recom mended steeping the wheat in kerosine for two minutes and then drying it, but no kerosine is allowed on the grounds, and it is not easy, ex cept at much cost, to work off the grounds. Professor Baird, of the Smithsonian, recom mended Persian insect powder, and I am using that as well as the camphor. Mr. Landreft, Chairman of their' Agricultural Board, and a large seedgrpwer, said—" "We kill weevil in our peas by camphor, a handful to the bushel, in an., hermeticallyjsealed case." ProfessorLeConti said —" The insect is the Calandra Ornzm widely diffused. In my experience in destroying insects in Museum - collections I have foimd a mixture of benzoine with a pint of carbolic acid produce a vapor which destroys insects in a very short time. I would pour this, mixture on a sponge, and place that with the grain in a light tin case, and in half an hour'it will have destroyed the beetle, but not their ova, :o when these are hatched, you mu t repeat the dose." "Well, I have this process in reserve in o-ase of need; and I record the opinion here ex pressed, as it may interest you, or lead to some oetter plan being made known. Copy to Me. Goshoenof " South Australia, its History and Besoubces."—Since I last wrote you, I have compiled a catalogue for the British Commission report, to be laid before Parliament, with a few comments on the colony preceding. Also, I have given a statement to Mr. Goshorn (Director-General), at his request, for information which he may -embody in a general view of the Centennial Exhibition, proposed to be published from his office. In acknowledgment, he says, " I return yon my thanks for the'vezy valuable document which you havo f urnished me for the permanent ststisticfUif the Exhibition, and I take"pleasure in r-ivish-.^you of the great pleasure and valu | y•'nation I have received in reading the work oil .South Australia which your Commis sion has so kindly furnished me." In conver sation lately with Mr. GoBhorn, he said, " Few things about the Centennial Exhibition have afforded us so much satisfaction as the hand some way in which the Australian Colonies have taken part in it." This may . be a colored view of the matter—a generous expression of opinion made on the spur of the moment—but, as I have before said, there is no question but that the general display of material wealth, and illustration of 'settled" civilised life, both of kind .and -extent, have' drawn - from American _ minds and hearts feel ings of admiration and surprise. "We have, opened out ;to them'the existence .of a' new world of their own Anglo-Saxon race, in which world they see the natural resources for great wealth. . .. ... 1 Sidney Exhibition, 1877.--I enclose yobta handbill re Sydney Exhibition, April, 1877; % which some Amencana. and f!«n«Hitin mil, some of ^eifLmanufactures will go.. .Whether. Borne may^indnCcdtAMlurtihirtluih Sidney •^remains . the customers; they derire by going to them;r and that once at Sydney, the advance to Mel ibomneyand., Adelaide is a smallmatter. But I .wait to know as far as I can what will be the : nature of the. goods sent thus to Australia ere I decide what to buy for Adelaide. Narrow Gauge Engines, &c.;—To-day (Octo ber*^) I post direct to Mr. Mais plans of narrow {galige engines, carriages, &c.;, and I hope to gather other informaion on construction - and working promised me.. Sydney is likely to purchase railway rolling stock, and Mr.. B. W. Cameron writes me he has instructions to send 1,000 emigrants to Sydney—the Government nominating him as Emigration Agent. He ex pects; to get them there ,at a cost of £10 per head.1 Books, &c.;—By the Hebe, to sail from New ; York; in a few days, for Adelaide, I send a little waterer as a tmall present from myself to the Botanic Gardensj as d think it will please Dr. Schomburgk; though a small thing. It's cost you will see; and the inventor's address, if any of your friends admire it and wish to import. The Hebe is freighted by B. W, Cameron & Co., NewYork. I also ship by her a box of publica tions, collected for the Commissioners, except that they include, as the list will indicate, , some publications for the Hon, the r Chief Secretary, referring to the municipal organiza tion of large cities. These the Chief Secretary asked for by previous niail. I have farther snbscribed for one year, and. ordered to be posted to you the following apparently useful publications:—The Santa Barbara Weekly Press, the Albany (New York State) Country Gentlemen, the Resources of California (monthly, samples of which are in the Hebe case), and tine Chicago Prairie Farmer. These are all,-1 think, worth a trial, as keeping us an fait on American agriculture, and publishing much in formation of a useful nature in Adelaide. Dried Meats.—To-day I tasted some mutton and beef which on the 9th of August last were dried by evaporation in one of the drying fruit and vegetable machines. I propose buying you specimens of both these meats. Some which-1 have kept in double canvas bags all the time -were in excellent order. - Their drying, took seven hours. Kainfall statistics.—Mr. Senphom, Engi neer CJ?.R.: Railway of- California, promised me to send to Mr. Todd, whom I thought they would interest statistical reports on-the rain fall of the Central Pacific Railway Line. CattlhShow;—TheCattle Show has been oh here. It., tvas relatively much better than the horse show. The classes , were Durhams, Hereford^, Devons, Alderneys, Galloways, and some' Dutch. The Canada Durhams and U.S. Alderneys I thought far the -best. The Herefords were mostly small, and so" were the Devons. On the \Vhole, the Durhams, though hrell pointed and squarewell framed animals, were mostly too largeboned to please me. I send you.ji^catalDgue in. book box, at the end you will see the scale of points f pr judges. They take also the live weight's of fat beasts. Thetbree heaviest bullocks were 'Durhams, and weighed respectively 2,862 lbs. (7-year-old), ,2,910 lbs. (6-year-old), and 3,114 lbs. (7-year-old). One fat Galloway cow weighed1,900lbs,. The Sheep show being on the 10th iust., I hope then to see some of the New England Merino, which claim to have pure Spanish blood of the old regime. Anniversary Peiwsylvanian Constitution. —On the 28th October great efforts were made to swell the attendance at the Centennial Exhi bition. It was declared a public holiday, and there were fireworks on the grounds in the even ing ; 257,000 persons attended. By the Brindisi mail I hope to announce the complete award list. Fruit.—A great show of fruit here, but South Australia need not blush for hers. The Awards.—In a letter dated October 13 Mr. Davenport writes — " The award list is, not yet completed. . . It is acknowledged that some : oversights have occurred with the jurors, mid a Committee for investigating these has been constituted." I have written to the Director in detail on such as I feel sure have happened in our case, and he replied—" I have referred your communication to the Committee of Appeals." As it is, our awards number forty. I hope we shall muster ten others, so our pro portion to Exhibition should stand out credit ably. Bagot's Extract of Meat.—His Excellency the Councillor of State for Russia, Bedsky, sends a 12 lb. case of Bagot's extract to St. Peters burgh. I have given him full particulars, and explained that an unlimited supply from the best of meat can be procured. Sheep Show.—At the Sheep Show are splen did Spanish merinos^ English cotswolds, South and Oxford Downs, Lincoln and Leicesters. I think we shall get some merinos to Sydney by April, and thence to Adelaide; Many impor tant machines will also go there, where our peoplejmay see them, or as I hope, receive them for subsequent examination. Among these is a clam dredger, of great service, as I shall yet write you. Mr. "West-Erskine left for England yesterday j Sir Redmond Barry last week. Steeet Cabs.—On October 31, Mr. Daven port again writes—Re Street Cars.—I post to Mr.E.W. Wright the best publication," Gil more (on Street Roads and Pavements." In letters enclosed to-day to the Commissioner of Public Works Mr. "Wright will see that street rails are not necessarilv bedded up with paving stones, but macadam will do. . Closing of the Exhibition. —As the closing day of the Exhibition approaches we are crowded with interruptions, but each day's work tells something. Our desire to secure machinery or models in "propria persona is work-, ing out nicely. .All praise is due to the efforts of the Sydney Commission to let crop out the fact that their Exhibition will be held in April next. Canada and New York shipments will embrace useful things.. I will send you lists, if they are procurable by-and- bye, but of these the following are promised, as I personally know:— The millionaire car axle (an alleged important invention, Ka.msay's car-truck shifting appa ratus, model of clam dredge used about these harbor excavations, the Wharlin patent safety key , switch," "gas burner for heating locomotive tires,- mowers and reapers, threshers, grain and maize crushers, a Balwin locomotive railway car, &c.; Watching the list thuB possibly to come under the eye of Australians in their own country (and perhans Adelaide may arrange with Sydney for their exhibition at Adelaide after the Sydney Show), and waiting to have the opinion of jurors on machinery, I have delayed buying what our spare funds may permit till these last days. Of things already selected for Adelaide I name the following (decision on others is pending further enquiry}:—Of fruit-drying machines two kinds, 1st Pacific, 2nd portable; of stump extractors three kind, 1st pioneer, 2nd Davis's, 3rd little Grant; of hay presses, Allen's hand-power; of horserakes two kinds, Canadian and American; a hay loader (very useful, I-hope); of ploughs three kinds; of potato diggers two kinds; of sowers two kinds, hand and cart; of cultivators, one on Garry- plough principle; a winnower, Dickey's; a honey extractor; a horse-power machine, applicable-, to wood cutting, chafifcutting, &c.; post-bole diggers, two dozen; a cider press, for farmers ahd small gardeners; and sundry smaller things, of which more by-and-by. I shall select other things ere the closing day, and 'all our selections will, V think, leave New York on the 1st of December for Melbourne. I shall get a collection of seeds and some useful garden tools. Be Bagot's Ex tract, several large chemists have inspected it, who:all speak well of it, and say the South American Liebigs have got the hold of this market, and even after- much advertising they .doubt if room would be found for others. I recounted our 40 awards. No final list is yet out; yre are sure to have more. Some of the cask wihe at New York is. sold.: I wrote to London, but find the market there is not enr couraging. I believe everything goes well, and Australia will get the benefit of this exhibition. The following ;is-the latest letter received from Mr. DavenpOrt :— ' United States Hotel,1 " ' November 27,1876., \- .:Dear Mr. Coates—Your letter of. the 11th ''OjctOber, with the drafts of further letter which the ghost of a telegraph from New Zealand had arrested towards completion, reached me on the 23rd, and I thank you for them. My last to you was dated October 31. Since then I have pbsted to you newspapers recording the closing of the Exhibition. At that date I thought I scarcely should be in Philadelphia^-having cal= culated that ten days would see all wound up. . Actually, however, the 17th day does not find all done,; nor will this be the last letter I shall write' you before leaving America. In this delay I am not 'alone. Mr. Mackay, of Queensland, is the first and only one off,-but as he had sold nothing, and had but to ship his exhibits back to London where they were duly received neither Customs, formalitiesYndf"time~ takenin distribution of sales, &c.;, were a drag on him. Tasmania is the next to go, and then,! think] I am the nearest ready. Still,! Cannot say positively till all the shackles are off. "When all the packages for exportation are com plete I will send you the list, and in time ac-: count for the disposal of every exhibit.: Here I may remark that, after, deducting samples which have been distributed, as per paper: en closed, the wool was sold in bond at a uniform price of 14d. per lb. greasy, and 20d. for the scoured. Statement enclosed. It is not yet de livered, waiting Customs entiyj thdusrh all' papers are complete. r • :• •w ~ Thirty emU eggs were1 sold at $3 a piece, the balance being reserved as presents in recognition of courtesies received. Jewellery.—All Seiners jewellery is dis posed off at invoice prices,-save one inkstand, £30, which, if not got, rid of here,! will take to London, saving duty here, and I hope to sell it there. Wendt's "noted inkstand (from the alarm a supposed robbery occasioned)' is also sold at invoice price. The Colonial Commis sioners wishing to! notify their obligation to the British Executive for their free grant of use of furnished rooms' at St. George's House, within the Exhibition Grounds, as well as the general good feeling and disposition to give all friendly aid and intercourse to the colonial representa tives, are buying Wendt's inkstand for presen tation to Colonel Stanford. I, of. course, on behalf of your.Commission, , take a share in the purchase, which will probably be £10. This, reference to Wendt's jewellery leads me to, Ex plain that after receipt of - your second invoice from Mr. Wendt some months since, I,could come to no other conclusion than that no robbery ftpd occurred, and that the one case, where nothing but a footboard and some red plush glass edging with broken glass had been found, had in; reality never contained ^anything else, save that the glass, when packed, was not broken, and therefore that the footboard and" gimp belonged to the one inkstand, which I had received in another case all right. Then arose the question, how had I so long thought other wise? The cause lay in the wording of the packages on the original schedule. There each case—SA.C over 37 and SAO over 25—were described as containing collection^ of jewellery, whereas, in fact, the hoard and gimp and glass alone could not be termed "collection of jewellery," as I read it. However, "All's well that ends well." Sheepskins Dressed.—Some sold and some reserved for donations. Dressed Skins.—Have mostly, with all the specimeiis of natural history supplied by Mr. Waterhouse, gone to the Smithsonian In stitution at Washington, from whom in re-, turn we are to receive natural history specimens illustrative of this continent, the preparation and sending of which will .occupy more time than will permit of their going to Adelaide by by some vessel as our return exhibits do. . Design from Skins of Native Animals.— Some sold, some donated, as I'shall fully ex plain eventually. '' Cereals and other Farm Seeds.—What were left from weevil have been destributed in various directions to foreigners and the people of. the United States. From some I have seeds in return; from others and numerous foreigners and country institutions, the occasion of their getting samples aiforded me muchopportunity for conversation, and enabled me to illustrate the sort of country Australia was. Be it in wheat, or in dried fruits, or wax models, wool, wine, ores, or photographs in their separate or aggre gate exhibits, the effect upon the American mind has been most striking. It is not un common to hear the remark that the Australian colonies formed the most interesting part of the Exhibition. The force which impressed people with this idea was due to the varied and excel lent indications of material wealth and material comfort which they for the .first time in their lives saw before them as the products of coun tries they had been accustomed to regard as al most uninhabited, or at least in a very low state of settlement and civilization. To this feeling; too, I have-seen added one approach ing admiration and brotherhood, based on surprise, that the Australian colonies should have taken so ready and extensive an interest in Exhibitions, and that our illustrative statistics and products proved -us- to be worthy ; members; of; the great Anglo race, in the qualities assigned to which the American himself feels"proud "of possessing a good share: As a sequence there cannot be a doubt that out of this-exhibition commercial relations will spring up in various ways, and ere long many will come and inspect us with whom the thonght never had footing before. In the general distribution of exhibits I am risking a little blamq by a departure, from , the ; letter of instructions in one or two things. Mr. Keynes's wool goes back to Adelaide^in its own show- Cases, set up well after the damage of "Skerryvore. Mr. Angass /samples of wool, with photographs, in their two , frames, and copper and silver hammered specimen also go back, as the before-named direct from New . York to Adelaide. But in the ^following cases I am making a detour at least ; that is, I am sending them to London, whence, if wished by their owners, they can be sent direct to Ade laide or otherwise; and the reasons of my thus acting with latitude are as follow:—In common with other Colonial Commissioners I have been asked to send to London any spare exhibits which may be thought suitable for a proposed Colonial Museum, to be-constructed upon a large imperial scale. A few things were in hand suitable for such a purpose, and sbine of the'm were left here " at the disposal of the Commissioners." Of these were Miss Gray's wax models of fruit—very truthful representations and very attractive here as they would be elsewhere, their only fault being too limited in number. An award is given them here. These fruits illustrate our climate, and suggest by their delicious appear ance that the country they grow in is a desirable country to dwell in. The grapes, figs, almonds, loquafe, oranges, citrons, lemons, with apples, pears, currants, strawberries, and plums preach directly to the sense of the inspector.. They have always attracted crowds here, and induced no end of conversation.: I have packed them in their glass case as exhibited here, and they may reappear the same in London. To the same destination is packed in its glass case ready to open out and be exhibited as here in a few minutes, "Worm's cocoons and spun silk. That always here attracted attention— that kind of attention which arrests passers-by, and they stop and go out of their way to ex amine, and are pleased and rendered inquisitive thereby. I have often heard people, after look ing at the things, ask " What country is this? ; Oh, this is South Australia." The Emu Eggs.—The emu eggs set up in Jewellery, being so perfectly novel to the visitors—" nothing like them anywhere else have been useful attractions; advertising our colony. The Cooeongxte.—^The Coorongite in its glass case I send also to London.toaclass of men who will regard it with much interest. Some have samples here under, microscopic examination, and I am to get their reports. The Gold Quabtz.—The gold quarz from the Northern' Territory I send also to London together with the framed set of photos (two in all), illustrative (in the one case) oLthe .tele-' graph line structure; and in,the, pther of Port Darwin and surroundings, -and- though Mr. Dutton ias probably counterparts of these, yet as tHey ate set classed in neat and .good frames, I thought it best not to separate them from the gold quartz of.the Northern Territory, of whose ; riches therein it may prpye a small but truthful. Wltll688» Gotdhe's Statistics. — The five-framed . -Gjoyder's statistics, too, have packed for London, for. though statistics like law books soon; are-surpassed, yet for a season these will answer, and the frames they are in will be good enoughfor many successors. Ceabb's Malachite.—Crahb's malachite and Mr. Angas's two spotted emu skins, and the two glass cases of Mr. Angas's Lincoln ewe and lamb skinsl have also packed carefully and sent to /London like the foregoing, and ,it is in these I depart from the strict reading of the. instruc tions. For the credit of the colony on the opening of the Colonial. Museum I hope these gentlemen will allow these interesting exhibits to play a part were it only for a season. Bagot's sample case goes back to Adelaide. The stripper and Captain 'Hancock and Mr. Sanders's ms'.chines-also. r r ..7 The 114 clear glass bottles in which our wines lave been shownl send you, with the nickel pj ated frame and walnut board on which the bottles stood. . So if you wish we can raise the like at a our agricultural! shows, defining to • visitors' eyea the color .of the wine exhibited'' "so little now. Cameron has. securedjis freight td, Adelaide at the mo9eratd Vate of 3p. 6d. pgr t6n: ?. am flatly obliged io -him for, the.' books. I enclose you the lists of books, &c.;, contents of cases branded "C. J. Coates, Adelaide." Many o? these books, &c.;, are of; much value* Many refer to railways, technological - institu tions, sewerage, &c.;, sc., as you will see.; There are also seeds of American indigenous trees for > others cultivated here, including the sugar maples of New England,' so r important and valuable tree there, though perhaps not suited to our climate, unless Mount Gambier or Tankalilla. Mr. Landreft, of the Bureau; of Agriculture, alone sends us 109 packages of .culi nary vegetable seeds. ; Mr, Parkinson* Superin tendent of United States Coast .Survey, has given me in a case ready packed a selection of .100 coast survey charts; which I shall send you. These were accompanied by publications from his.department,. of great interest, and which are , in lists now sent you. I halve yet another sin to ' acknowledge in expiation; or explanation. "As I write you again within a fortnight, I close now withfsaying that I can then add What addi tional machinery has been purchased, &c.;, and : enclose you bill of lading. I have fixed to leave America by the Ohio steamer from here for Liverpool on December 14, but before going 1 want to visit the Cornell Agricultural College —the reputed best in the States. r The following letter from Mr. G. Vasey Botanist to the Department of Agriculture, Washington, has been received by Dr. Schom burgk:— ; Department pf Agriculture, , Washinghton, November 7,1876, Professor Schomburgk,. Dear Sir—As botanist erf the' Department of Agriculture (U.S.) I have had the oppor tunity during the past season of ex amining various herbaria and botanical collections from different countries, and with none of them have been more deeply interested than with your South Australian .Herbarium. 1 have conferred with; Mr. Davenport as to the possibility of obtaining this valuable collection for the U. S. Herbarium; and,- although with out direct instructions from you, Mr. Daven port has consented, at my solicitation, to leave the collection, subject to your future approval, and with " the agreement on our part that if the arrangement is not agreeable to you, we will return the herbarium at the earliest possible time through the Smith sonian Institution. I have stated to Mr. Davenport that we are prepared to make a return of United States plants, which, I trust, may be satisfactory to you. I have already had prepared for you- a box containing 500 species, chiefly of the eastern portion of the United States, and will, at an early day, put up for you an equal number of species from the Bocky Mountains, together with others from the Western States and California, which we will transmit through the Smithsonian Institu- | tion. Hoping that this arrangement may meet with your approval, and that we may be able in the future to continue a correspondence and change of specimens. I remain, respecttully yours, Geoege Vasey, Botanist of Department of Agriculture. 