THE REVIVAL OF THE " ROMAN. QUESTION." (Tablet, 7th April.) Seven years ago the prophets who teach the world its duty and tell to the world its future through the contradictory columns of the daily press, declared that the "Roman Question " was now a thing of the past. It had been "solved," they said, on the day when, with the help of Generals Cadoma and Bixio, Cavour's programme of a " Free Church in a Free State" was introduced through the crumbling walls of the capital of Christendom into the immediate •vicinity of the throne of the Vicar of Christ. But this solution was, as our Cardinal Archbishop said on Sunday last, "not that of Divine Providence. It was a solution by revolution and sacrilege. That solution will not stand." And now the ghost which the world thought had been laid has reappeared. " The recent revival of the Roman question," telegraphed the Vienna correspondent of the DaUy News on Monday last, "has caused General Ignatiefif to pay much attention to the Italian Ambassador." It has caused maiy other' parsons to "pay attention" also. In the midst of the complications caused by the questions now being raised in the East, it must be a strange thing to those outside the Church to see, not only the whole Protestant Press of this country, but also journals like the Neue Freie Presse, of Vienna, the Opinione, Nazione, and Liberta of Italy, and the Politico, of Spain, devoting column after column of their valuable space to a question which was solved in 1870, and which has only been revived by one speech " of an old man who calls himself a prisoner." " For six years, in calm and majestic silence, Pius the Ninth has borne the insults and the blasphemies that have filled the air he breathes Now at length he lifts up his voioe." And the result is that throughout Christendom there is a response, and politicians are afraid that Rome will not, as they would wish, continue as it is. "^The true solution of the Roman question," to quote his Eminence again, " is that the Vicar of Christ should be independent." _ Whenever a general war breaks out this will be the point at issue, and the world will learn to its cost that the sacrilege consummated in 1870 must sooner or later be atoned for. 