Tiiic fact th:i/ typhoid is making its ravages felt in one of our local mining 1 settlements, forces upon our serious | consideration the position in relation j to Sanitary conditions of the mass o f the population at Moonta Mines. And in order to understand the matter thoroughly, it is necessary to recall the faet that after a great (leal of trouble, and no small measure of educative process, the population on the Mine* were led to organize a system under which they voluntarily taxed themselves for Sanitary purposes, at the same time obtaining supplement arv aid from the liberality of the Directors. Thev had their systematic service of labor, horses, and carts; and the effect was that a fairly effective amount of cleanliness was maintained. If they had been enabled to grapple ith other cognate matters—the upplies of water, the positions of anks, water- closets, drainage, and he deteriorated ;uid unventila'ed ondition of many ot the miners, eott;;<>-es, there could have been no reason in the world for disturbing the arrangements. ! ufc with deficient rainfall, leaving the tanks nearly dry, and peculiar conditions of the atmosphere, (of course entirely uncontollable conditions) came epidemic J .. 1 . . diseases ; and in very much hurry and alarm, the Central Board of Health took the management of sanitarv affnYs entirely out of the hands of the miners, by inference giving them to understand that all their previous organization and satisfactory dis charae of sanatori-al functions counted for nothing: ihev must give way to a more perfect system. The Central Board of Health was for a short time, and a short time only, exceedingly on the alert, ami set themselves about the work of sanatory reform as if they in right down e truest, and would were never leave the matter until they had ferret- ted out every nuisance and removed every possible source of danger. We do not pretend to say that they did not do excellently well for a time; hut then we cannot ignore the fact that they worty_ r,..,^ in which t^iere was no permanency, *nd t W tl„,;rVql cool ed directly the funds were exhausted, so that they have now withdrawn their organization altogether, and left the miners to their fate. R -duced to a few words it comes pist simply to this — that the Central Board of Health upset a fairly effic : ent >vstein that had taken years to lmiM up. operated for a time in a manner that to some extent aroused the ant:iL, r 'nisin of the miners, and then suddenly allowed its operati ns to c ase, leaving the miners in a worse plight then they were before sin e they now and for months past have had 110 sanitary service whatever. As we have said, the outbreak of t} r phoid in other mining settlements has induced alarm ; and if, under the existing conditions that we have described, epidemic disease made its appearance at Moonta Mines, it would lie open to grave questioning whether the Central Board of Health would not become chargable with the consequences. We do not wish to say one word more than the serious nature of the case demands, neither would we desire to become even in a remote sense alarmists ; but we do tliink it would be oi l}- a wise precaution for the miners themselves to assemble and consider what should be done. They have themselves and tln.ir families to protect, and if the Government through its appointed officials will not move in their behalf, the men themselves should take the matter in hand with their accustomed alacrity and power of self help and organization, ere the inroads of di-ease tell them too late what ought to have done. been WAR is upon us as a reality now. Russia exhibits a vigor and pr mptitude that gives ample evidence of her sense of resource. She has in her own mind not only planned out the details of her campaign, but anticipated the result. Meanwhile Europe is divided in opinion as to her aims and her sincerity ; and every independent power is watchful for tbe moment when the punishment of God's enemies, the Turks, ceases and mere aggressiveness and ambitious acquirement of territory commences. To be watchful is to be armed, and thus it happens that at any moment Europe may be ablaze, and ; meta phorically speaking-, Russia holds the torch. It is useless to attempt to picture the result—that is beyond all human prescience. Just as unavailingis it for us to frame wiid conjectures as to whatli may come from the dark suggestions of the mysterious Von Moltke, which would seem to indicate that Germany is fretting under the conviction that she did not effectually cripple] France during the last war, and that [ the dose must be repeated directly there ' is the slightest pretext under a disturbed state of continental affairs. No one would be surprised if Germany again thrust her armed forces over the French frontier—least of all, probably, the French Government. But, happily tlit t time has not cotne yet; and we can well afford to wait for it, and even post- pone it altogether. That which concerns us most is how far England will, with just consideration to her position and her duty to her subjects, be enabled . to remain a passive spectator of Prussia's I warlike movements. If she becomes ' involved, then the question surpassing , all others in importance is—how her dependencies will stand affected. The majority of us have been accustomed to expect that England must become involved sooner or later, that the Porte would aim at making this a religious war directly she found hers-df face to face with any armed Power, and that the moment the Porte was in peril fanatic Islainism throughout the world would rake the sword, in defence of the Sultan, as the recognised head of Mahomadanism. Then came the natural consequence that England would have the whole of her Mahomadan subjects in India in revolt, as the result of their sympathy with the head of their faith. But there is sufficient doubt upon this point to lead us to hope that this difficulty may not occur. We have lighted upon the following very pertinent letter in one of our exchanges, emanating from a correspondent at Port Pirie, who contents himself with modestly signing himself with the single initial " W." It is well worth a perusal :— The Ueqtster of the I4th inst. contained an a'tide upon Russia and Turkey, towards the close of which the writer asserts that " the Sultan is regarded as the head of die vast power of Islam, and if. finding himself hard pressed, he were to ra'se the standard of the prophet he might call to his aid the greatest army the world has ever seen." But such an opinion can scarcely beheld by one who is acquanted with the facts of history, and the veritable relations of the Turks. Persians, and Afghans. Gibbon wrote: "The r-ligious discord of the friends and enemies of Ali has been renewed in every age of the Hegira, and is still maintained in the immortal hatred of Persians and Turks. The r r " former are Shiites, or sectaries In their private converse. in their public worship, they execrate the three | usurperB l w)lo intercepted Ali's indefeasible right to the dignity o Imam and Caliph. The Sonnites, or orthodox, respect the memory of Abubeker, Omar, Othman, and Ali. Rut they | assign the last and most humble place to Ali. i Omar is th;nam? of the devil ; his murderer is a saint When the Persians shoot with the bow they frequently cry ' May this arrow eo to the heart of < >mar!"' Thus the Tuiks and Persians are not on y political enemies, but look on each other as heret ; cs. There have been "endless wars" between them, and to suppose that rulers who bnast of their descent fr m Timour, the man ' who carrier! a Turkish Sultan about in a cap," own any religious allegicnca to the Sultan uf Turkey is declared by Sir George Campbell to be an entire fallacy. As to a junction of the forces of Afghans and Persians, Colonel Yule, in the ast edinion of the Lncyc. Iiritanniea, says, " The Afghans are i\lahommedans of the Sunni, or orthodox, body, with the exception of a few tribes, who are Shiahs. They are much under the influence of their Mullahs, especially for evil, and have a stronger feeling a- gainst the Shiah heretic than against the unbeliever • their aversion to the Persians being ravat'd thereby. thereby" Sir George' ^ Campbell," :lt% econd [ land, * whom I regret to quote onU n T - . J I - . . « n n Turkey in this way : '' The M ahommedans of Ind a have seen the dominion of their own faith in India overturned before their eyes ; they have seen many Mahommedan princes deposed, r.nd their dominions annexed by th« British. In circumstances of, to say the leasi, very doubtful justice, they have seen their own great Mogul dt-pased and sent as a felon to a convict settlement ; all this the mass of Indian Mahommedans have seen without wincing, I may say. Who mercilessly hnnted down t Sepoys during the mutiny, even when they had set up a Mahommedan Emperor at Delhi ? Not only the Mahommedans of the Punjab, but the unwa'like Mahommedan of Eastern Bengal. Clearly there is 110 v oiir/aritc amon; the Mahommedans in lnflia itself. It is really, then, I must s;iy, almost absurd to suppose that there could be any very strong feeling a- mong them for the misfortunes of a distant potenta'e in Turkey, except so far as such a feeling may be got up among a limiti d class." It is time this Indo-Persian ghost, which lias he.-n cojured up like the " Russian bugbear" to protect Turkish despotism, were effectually lain 