GENERAL EXTEAOTS. Can a Solicitor act as Suretv ron ms Client ?—Tlio above question, one of considerable importance to solictors was raised in the Queen's bench division of tbo High Court, a few days bofore tbo last mail left. It occurred in a case Beg v. Jervis, beard bofore Mr. Justice Field. Tbo trial of tbis criminal case bad been removed from the Court below by certiorari, and both when the matter was before the magistrates and subsequently, when the usual recognisances were entered into at the time of tbo writ of cer tiorari being granted, a solicitor, (Mr. George Lewis) became the surety of tbo defendant. On learning this fact the learned Judge is roported to have said :—" I thought it was not con sidered a right thing tbafc a solicitor should bo accepted as bail for his client." If Mr. Justice Field—for whoso opinion on a professional question of tbis kind wo (Law Times) entertain much regard—would bavo it go forth to the profession that a soli citor is doing a wrong thing in offer ing himself as bail, and that magis strates do a wrong thing in accepting such bail, wo venture to protest against tbis view. Wo can go no further than to say that generally it is not desir able or oxpediont, but that it must de pend in each case whether a solicitor may oiler himself, and if he offers him self it should bo considered incumbont on the bench to accept liim as bail, un less, of courso, tboro wero any circum stances pointing to tlio presumption that tlio dofondant and the solicitor wero conspiring together to dofeat tbo ends of justice, aud which, of courso, is possiblo under any circumstances, and with laymen as well. Wo cannot ad vocato solicitors taking such extra professional responsibilities, but when we find it resting upon them wo can only complain that they havo been moro honovolent than prudent. Dreadful Trii'le Murder.—A cor respondent of the Bombay Gazotto relates tlio following particulars res pecting a dreadful triple murder committed at Neoinuch 011 the night of tho 22nd Octohor :—"At about half past 11 o'clock a Cabuleo surrep titiously obtained an entranco into tlio dhurumsalla. Ho was seen by tho puggy of tho place, with whom ho ox changed somo abusive terms. An unfortunato Mussulman who was asleep woko up by tho noise, and 011 calling out 'Thief, thief!' ho was tho first victim attacked by tho ruffian, who iu tho most brutul and cowardly manner cut him dawn dead with his sword; after this ho turned upon cvorybody with his sword who made the slightest uoiso. Two other men woro thus slaughtered, and o third, after receiving severe injuries about tho arm, escaped with his lifo by fortunately climbing up a wail. Two other people were cut about tho arms, shoulders, and face, one of whom is a little girl girl, Tho .murderer, was cap tared, after ft .desperate .resistance,; by tho; quarter guard of the 2<lth Itogirnont N. I." Tacks and Gnosis.'—Tiioro is nothing which is moro revolting to the sensi tive'ghost than" the sharp flat-hctidod tacks,;; known„; lo;artists as. 11 drawing tacks.'.' When one of these tacks is tossedon tlie stage where materialized ghosts disport themselves, it invariably remains with its point upwards. It miy readily bo conceived that an un. suspecting, barefooted ghost who. treads heavily on such atrcachorousand penetrating tack would have a right to manifest a hearty and violent indig. nation. Indeed, almost any amount of language on tho part of tho injured ghost would bo pardoned by all hu. mane men. But what did the ghosts of Daniel Webster do when ho recently tried to walk over a stage strewn with drawing tacks during a materializing seance in a Wisconsin town ? When tho first tack entered that, ostensible ghost's right foot bo calmly lifted up tho injured limb and undertook to withdraw tho intrusive bit of steol. It was not until, in his efforts to balanco himself on ono leg, ho ran anothor tack- in his left foot, .that ho broke silonco by softly ; remarking "Ouch and it is doubtful .if ho would havo repeated that, statement, or rontared upon any othor, bad he not incautiously sat dowu, and thus inserted;two more tacks into his person. In these cir cumstances lie might have totally lost his temper, and no ono could have had a word of blame for him; but instead of letting his ghostly passions vise, he merely expressed his views of the matter ■ by - the simple and. touching remark, " Well, by gosh," and hurriedly withdrew into tho mystic cabinet. Presence of Mind.—A lady named Mrs. Frcarson, ofBallark, Would ^ have been burned to death on Thursday, ■the 4th instant,, but ,for the unusual presencoof miud she displayed. The Geelong Advertiser says that tho acci dent appears to have occurred thus .— ! She. had commenced, to make some i jam, got everything fairly started in' the kitchen, and left for about ten! minutes.1 On her return . to see how I matters were progressing, she had for gotten, or perhaps failed to soe, that the cook bad lit a fire under tho oven, for tho purpose of cooking the ordinary | midday meal. The consequence was that;' in moving about, the train of her flight muslin, dress becamo ignited, i Immediately on tho discovery she I rushed to the dining-room, pulled off ; tho , table-cover, sacrificing numerous pieces of glasswaro and crockery iu I the act, and enfolded liersolf as well as she could in it. Finding thi3 was in sufficient, she■■.:returned through tho hall to tho nursery,-for .tho purpose of obtaining a quilt, which sbo thought would be more effective. She was now so onvolopod in flames that ono of the servants, who came to tho rescue, was afraid to approach .her, , but rondered good servico by giving an alarm. Mr. ; SI'Gill and 5Ir. ,:Ale.\'audor, who hap : pened to .bo in . the. locality, camo in tim.o lo , extinguish ' tho .. burning clothing. ; The servant, Mary 'Smith, w.ho was iu £ho meat*houso when the accident occurred, went with such a will to tho rescuo that sbo forgot she had a carving-knifo with her, and un fortunately .inflicted a nasty cut on her loft band. Small Pox . in San Phaitcisco.'—The Pacific Medical Journal by 'last mail states that, after an almost entire exemption from this disease for several months, a few cases made their appear ance iu the latter part of May last. Day by day the new cases rapidly in creased iu number, until the disease assumed epidemic proportions, and promised a largo mortality. Up to tho present time, including a period of twenty-five weeks, tho doaths havo numbered 207, a much smaller mor tality than could reasonably havo been anticipated throo months ago. And, besides, the cases aro rapidly diminish ing, so that wo may expeefc compara tive freedom from tho disease in a few fow weeks. Iu such a largo city as ours, it is hardly to bo expected that small.pox will horeaftor entirely dis appear. One sad feature of tho mor tality is tho large number of deaths of childreu under fivo years of ago. These amounted lo sixty-three, or over one fifth of tho total. Probably none of tho children had been accorded tho protection of vaccination ; hence it is safo to say that at least sixty-threo deaths havo resulted from gross igno ranco and carelessness. One-half of all tho deaths were of foreign-born. ( leaving less than 29 por cent, of; native- born descendants over five years of a go. - Unpleasant Coxnusr between England now axd 100 vEAns .ago.— The Pall Mall Gazette says :-—Tho necessity for tho " infusion of a now lifo and a higher tone into the body of the nation " is strongly urged by the Kev. Dr. Cluttorbuok, Inspector of Workhouso Schools, in his report on tho oducalion of pauper children in tho western district for last year ; and in support of bis views on tho subject ho quotes tho following observations of Mr. Carljle :—"The look of England is to mo at this moment abundantly ominous .... but a sadder ob ject than oven that of tho coal.strike, or any other conceivable strike, is Ibe fact that, loosely speaking, wo may say all England has decided that tho profitablest way is to do its work ill, slurily, swiftly and mendaciously. What a contrast between now and say only a hundred years ago ! At tho latter dato nil England awoko to its work'—to an invocation to tho Etornal Maker to bless them in thoir day's labour and holp thorn to do it well. Now, all Englaud—shopkeepers, work, mon, all manner of compoting labourers—awakon as with an un. spoken but heartfelt prayer to Beelze bub—' O holp us, thou great Lord of Shoddy, Adulteration, and Mulfea sanco, to do our work with tho maxi mum of sluriness^swiftnoss, profit, and mendacity, for * tho .doviTa "aako. Amou.'" Tub Claimant.—In n loiter lo the Morning Post, Mr. Guilford Ouslow denies tho statement that tho Claimaut has, by misconduct, forfeited bis right to n reduction in his period of penal servitude. Mr. Onslow writes: "I have received n letter from tho governor of Dartmoor Convict Prison informing ino that the convict, Thomas Castro, is eligible to receive a visit from . bis friends, and that lie can bo communi cated with in the usuaV way ' by loiter. Had ths claimant been guilty of any breach of prison discipline lie would havo forfeitod his right to a visit from his friends, and all correspondence would be Euspended. On-'"tho other haud, tho governor, assures . me lie is eligible for both visit and letter favours never liofore grnnted until the visual six months had expired. This shows pretty clearly that his uniform good conduct in prison has met. its re word. The report of his having mis conducted himself is another of those baso ottempts to disparage him in tho eyes of the public." 