MESSRS. BURUOWES AND MACKAY AT HIGH-STREET. In consequence of the unexpected protraction of the proceedings at the Ellesmore Hotel, tho candidates did not arrive at Nissen's European Hotel, High-street, until ten o'clock. There as a large number of gentlemen in attendance waiting to hear them, there being fully 200 present. Mr. John Pierce was voted to the chair. The candidates on entering tho room were loudly applauded. Mr. Burrowes again led the way, and at the outset apologisod to tho meeting for not being there at the advertised hour, which was owing to unexpected detention at New Chum, where they had been cross-examined on all questions from A to Z. However, he was glad to see such a large attendance on this occasion, and particularly pleased to see so many old friends and supporters." During the last week or two he had spoke at so many meetings, and went over the political history of the past few years so often that he was at a loss to find language to express any now ideas on the same subject. The candidate then proceeded to refer to his action in getting two important private bills through the House, one authorising the sale and purchase of the Beadigo Waterworks, and another to enable a coal company, in the Western district to carry on operations, several Sandhurst capitalists being interested in tha tenterprise. (Applaud.) He explained the part he had taken in the crisis, and said that after these events ho and his colleague presented themselves for Ire election. There were many candidates before them, but he did not think the claims of any of them were sufficient to exclude their old mem bers. (Applause and cheers.) At most of their meetings they had been asked a variety of ques tions as to their past conduct, and he could say that he, for one, was quite prepared to explain anything he had done during his parliamentary career. Whilst in the House he had always en-, deavored to maintain the honor and dignityof1 the position. (Applause.) In reply to ques tions, the candidate said he did not think the time had arrived for the establishment of bonded stores in Sandhurst and other large centres of population, If returned, hewould endeavor to carry on amendment of the Friendly Societies Act. He could hardly say whether he was a minis terialist, oppositionists, or independent; he was. rather disposed to be an independent. Cer tainly he would prefer to see a third party in the House. (Applause.) Mr Mackay, who was cheered, stated that at a previous meeting he had been asked a number of questions by a gentleman who came there well primed in a book compiled by Mr. J. J Walsh called the "Black and White List." The author was an illustrious barrister without( a brief, who had been knocking at the doors of Parliament for years, but the doors of Parlia ment would not open to him. This briefless barrister took, a few isolated votes and (put in a man's career, and paraded them against him, but he did not say a word about all these good and creditable things which those mem bers of Parliament did to to whom he was opposed. Now, he contended this was not a fair picture of a man's life to present to the public. If Mr. Walsh had done his work faithfully he would have stated that Mr. Berry had voted against the Education Act. But Mr. Walsh had not doneso. Nor did he (Mr. Mackay) think that it was fair to act in such a manner towards any7 politician as to rake up old disconnected pro ceedings without showing their relation to his, general career. (Applause.) He mentioned, some of the questions which had been asked him, and which he had explained at New Chum, and he complained at the way in which he was constantly and everlastingly being accused of having voted against the eight hours system. The old ghost of Mr Everard's motion was rising at every election, and flourishing in all its terrific panoply, charging him with being a recreant and false to the eight hours' principle' Time after, time he had explained that he had voted in favor of the general principle of eight'1 hours, in which he had always been in favor, and which he had for years advocated in his own paper. Wheiilioadvocatcdthe eight hours'system ho did it as ah employer of 'labor when ho had a property at stake, having ..•> partner— the Into Mr. David Stuart, thau'Vhom-a better man never lived—who was largely interested in mining. In doing this lie acted because lie belioved in the principle at tho bottom of his heart, and ho did not do it for popularity hunting. Some of the advocatos of tho ijight hours' system had nothing but popularity: before thoni in taking that view iu favor of tho popular right. Bub ho wished to state that tho man to wh'qm tleo greatest crodit was due for hi» participation in that struggle, was Mr. Morris Collmann, who w:ni tho pioneer of tho eight hours' system in the district. (Cheers.) Then, ho was- asked whether he had not voted in favor of thorenowal. of the squatters' Iea.scs for ton years. .Yes, he had so, and thoy all kn«w this concession was a bargain in the popular intorcst, in ordor to gain a grand and substantial benefit. in tjio shape of the passing of a Land Act of liberal provisions, having for its object the settlement of the land.of tlio colony by a^sp.crous and industrious population. The squatters' leases would expire in a I year or two, but the I benefit of tho liberal lau-l! system would be felt at all' times. > (Cheers.) Next ho '-was asked whether he had voted against Mr. Glass and Mr. Quarterman being committed to gaol. (Laughter.) No doubt they wore amused and surprised to see these archives of the past opened up and brought into judgment against him. In reply, he had ex plained his action on that occasion; that he had advocated temperate and moderate proceedings, but nothing harsh and vindictive. But when the honor and dignity of the House was con cerned, he was prepared to go to the length of re- arresting Messrs. Quarterman and Glass, and taking them out of the hands of the police. (Applause.) What he had to complain of was not that his past political conduct was critically examined and analysed, but that garbled ex-' tracts from history were laid before the public, placing his actions in a false light, and charging; him with things of which he was not guilty. (Applause.) The candidate then went over tho same ground as he had traversed at New Chum. At the conclusion of his remarks the candidate was asked several questions. A person who had been very enthusiastic in questioning Mr.-'1 Mackay at Back Creek last work, asked Mr. Mackay if he was in favor of opening the public roads. The candidate replied, "Certaily." The questioner produced the "black and white list," in which under the heading of "Closing the public roads," it was stated that the candidate had voted against clause 20, ,but he did not give the* provisions of the clause, and he was therefore unable to answer the question. A miner present complained that he had occupied a residence area for twelve years, but had been unable to buy it, although the adjoining lands were sold.; ; The candidate said when he was in office he had introduced the system of selling the resi dence areas, even though they were situated on leases and mining ground. There must, no doubt, be some special features in that gentle'-' man's case which he would like to inquire into (Applause.) Mr. Whitemarsh moved the usual vote of confidence. Mr. Holton seconded the resolution; and re minded the electors of the past services of their old members, If new men were elected it would take them three or four years to gain the position and influence of Messrs. Mackay and Burrowes. (Cheers.) Mr. Mackay was one of the oldest statesmen in the House, and although Mr. Burrowes was not such a bright speaker he was a good member. (Cheers.) He hoped they would put the old members at the head of tho poll. (Cheers.) Mr. Maynard supported tho resolution, lie pointed ont that Mr. Bnrrowes had won the esteem and confidence of the pnblie of Sand hurst long before he was sent to Parliament, and ovor since he had been there, he, as well as his colloaguo, had proved themselves good men and consistent representatives. There was too much about McCulloch and Berry introduced into this contest. What they wanted was staunch Liberals, and they had these in Messrs. Bur rowes and Mackay. (Cheers.} The resolution was carried unanimously, and the meeting terminated with three hearty cheers for the candidates. 