CHAPTER IV. Burasnleft tbe Shore line at Sew lVoudon, and took the train alone the river built to Kor wi*. The era rolled slowly, sod tbe bark lamed and lurched to on* tide «nd toe other; bat at last it recovered ib- presence of mind, and* etood op etraigbt; tbe engine-bell Bang, and they glided swiftly asrom the nwt into ? quiet town surrounded by eteep end (on little hills. Was this tbe city of flte ghosts? It atemed too real s Burden made fail way arms tbe depot toward tbe hotel in great depres sion. He bad not gone for however, before a bride pony-carriage came rattling by him down fbe ejtreet. In it were two young women. Tbe one who drove was dressed in a ricb but light eoatnme : abe had a eeriona and a delicate face, Jinm which a soft gray rail Mew badr, and a twinkling ear-rinf! under it (bund like ? etar. She happened to look toward him, as they passed', acd Be, confused, Almost paused, then blushed and went on. A few arena dff, be ?topped to ace where the little vehicle went to. It drove straight toward the elation ; and be bad a queer bind of conviction that if be had waited long enough be ought ban been- tbe petMMi they twera ecpectatnp. After dinner, be made come inquiries st tbe offiw. but couM learn of r*- Boroent Using in -thepker. Iber» were cereal Wderldu, how enr, and be at anoe act out to find one John, a tamer, who ihed mr wbat is eaDed tbe Old Town. The war led through a long avenue bordered by huge elms and lined with Urge and pleasant boom. The eJms towering up cute by end tapering off in tbe distance, seemed to be solemnly and obeegmoaly nsherins; him into aome august ancestral pretence. Botlheyeame loan end, andduKisinfuTljleftbrmtotheoffieeaof a country road. On this, somedistaneeout, be «arae— with. Ihrob of the heart— to tbe hooae tfcst belonged to John EUeckin. Uweaabnje wooden stroctoie refined by the long humility orpomtleaaneai into an ebon-dark hoe, esjnbnH mofed, with ?- pair of high, bony chimneys, and a bjg roof at the back that nvumnd itodf ae to the eatery of ite tngh position by qnaSty leaching down nearly fo tbe gnwnd. In front, wa« a small grassy space, a tew feet above the road; and, near tbe gate, a ehapdj cherry-tor your*, fresh, snd sunny. Wai approached, and aoandad a sharp summons with tbe iron knocker. After some delay, tbe door of die dark borne was opened by a lovely young woman, Hie first impression be Rented waa that of an unwonted, marraSen* sort of radiance from her face; then Us eyes sank to ber drew, and be at* that, though «nb ?ined1 m lose and trimmme, it was of ricb ?uteriaL 'Perhaps than made a mistake,' {altered, as he looked op again. 'I— I—' eying bin with qoietecnithij. 'Didn't I see yoo at tne landing at boor or so ago? Excuse my taking, bat it sweated bd stamps !' H-en. all at once, be penned that it was Ae may «eme girl be bad aaen in tbe pony Tex) lam,' faeeaid, putting down bis tarr. eurprisr. « But, is this John Ederkra's house?' 'Oh, yes. Would you like to see htm F' 'Iiet me explain myself first. I ham come on ? queer, wild errand— to look op my His listener looked startled, then a Sitting amDe crossed ber face ; bnt abe waited. 'Ifr name is not EUeridn,' be went on, ' bnt there were Elderidrjs among my line.' Ulan ber manoer melted, m genuil, tiMNzeb cnrioni Emprise beamed ftoni her {ace as she aaid: ^ Come in then, do, for we're all Elderkins bare.' ' And yon are Hderkm'e aengbter after ?D?' asked tbe pilgrim. 'I was almost certain, when I lint saw yon Out you most be one of the fanury.n 'Yon were right,' 'aid ebe, 'bnt I'm not John's daughter— bis cousin.' Aa ebe spore tBeT entered the hali, and she ?bowed him into a low^toddrf, dimly lit keepiBg-raom, when tbe twBight of memory ragoed aobroken, and the beams in the oiling appeared Uke tbe very ribm of Inne. Ibereehe left him a moment, but retained with a bnwn faeed man of forty-fire in a homely suit, over whose square forehead abort early knots of bsir bnng in a dark line. His foams wore an ex pression which Buries iiad often aesn in family daguerreotypes of his father's, and tbe yoong «nthtuuut'- heart bounded toward him at once. Ohe tanner was pleased with bis hearty gieOiuf, and bade bim ait down; ** I never looked mncb into those matters mysenV be said, when be learned Wiffs oKect ; 'but my trite lisa sooie paprn. Qrothis, he added, tarning toward tbe riddj destsed coosm who still stood near tbe door, ' would job get that paper of Sarah's f ' WuTe bead began to spin. He stared toward the radiant girl, but she had faded like a vision firm the door-way. His heart throbbed, and am undefined awe began to creep over him. 'What did you call herf he demanded, laying bold of Elderkins am in a feverish ?my. 'Cynthia.' 'Bntsbessidsbewasanraderkin.' « Well,- said tbe tanner, with aome teethjrsa, 'Cynthia Elderkin. as then any bam in tbatf 'btook me by sarorjse— tbat'e alL There was another Cyntiia mderJds once. 'Did yon know berP' asked John. ?That exwU be enrkms f* 'Oh, no,' Win hastened to explain. 'I duVttnow ber. She Jived a hundred yesn ago and mare.' « Well, I ewearr ejaenUted Eltterkin, gbne ing at Us visitor in alarm. At tins point Cynthia re-entered, looting aa if abe bad indeed stepped ant of fkt past, lor ebe odd in her band an old and many ereaaed yellow doenment, which sbebrooght to Will; and to tae yoong tbe eJder Cynthia herself, annrering aome inrocstion of his with thnSibjSBoeital in band. into a hopeless traesry. WW, however, was soon deftly engaged in exploring tbe maze, and skirmished over tbe taneled record with his pencil pout, in search of his own particular Burdens 'Werhered, Elderkin— Bergamer Elderfcin,*' he njnttered with a mystic repetitiiii, whiU be ran first along one thread, then another. 'Ah, here it is! Here ere tbe Burdens ! Bat, see!' heeried mefaUy, balding ap the dismal yellow page- ' It stops abort off! litre is no record of my line.' Qvnthia burst into a merry laugh. ' BeaUy, it's very nnfortnn«t-,' she saH, 'but don't be disheartened. If your bongb to the tree is invisible, fom'rr not, yon know.' 'What would yon advise me to do?' be asked pnplexedly. ' Too must ejme to eee my njother,' she 'Gui I r he asked eagerly. *' I will take yon wtlh me now,' she esid, ' if Cousin John wOl let me.' \- Cotuan John teemed agood deal embaiTssari. oiniimi sod Trjiilfiii if sfputtfui nies. Xbso tns bumble dothes and Cynthia's sltgsiMB what did tine mean? A HI rapicion crossed Burden'* canseinoinrai. 'It mast be' be thoagbr, 'that John is poor, and she rich.' Bttt be followed Cynthia's voice. They bade tfaeir crasman fmod^^e and wont ont^ |MSsmg throngb the grim black door-wav, and under tbe sunny boughs of tbe cherry-tree. ' What aspfeodid. honest Wlow be seems'.' burst out Will, as they walked down tbe road. ' 0on*4 yon atdoMre bim f ' Indeed I do ; but I most teO you one thior bsfore we go any farther. It is a sttret that I would rather not have to tdl ; but ? ' 'What can it be?'isked Burden, at once disturbed. 'Il*« not a pleasant one,*' ebe returned quietly, 'I suppose wbenyoa came out ex pected to find a eort of ideal cummunity here, didn't yoo? Ton fsnded your relatives would all be hving under a beautiful patriarchal system.' 'I don't know; I suppose 1 did.' ' And now I bam to Bndeesive you.' 'Ob,' pleaded Wiu, with a kind oT groan, 'dosHtsUmetbat ? ' ** I most, I tODst/' persaoed &egaewrt; scare girl. 'Tea. there iasnmit* and want of charity bare, as areB as in other places. Crash) John and my firJher don't speak to each other t' Burden was silent with dismay. After a moment's interval, be said BBjfly: 'I see. John Elderkin is poor. He b a (aimer. I am a fanner too, lGaa EMerkm j at least my father was.' ' Too do not look &e; one,' sand sbe.raemor mghimwd!. 'Ihssebeen atudyiag law,' he eonliaa«jd. 'Ah!' cried Cynth^ ouite abarnly. 'Wot, that is my father's profession. Isn't it strange that you should onto tbe two ?' She looked earnestly into tat fsee, and a swift, — fa-l ? i_^~r.~i . ,...^l...1. la- ay seemed to kindle between them. 'Too make me fed,' be said, eagerly, 'as Can it be posarhle that I ? ? l'°wiah there may be — «Sr for me to do to heal the oreVchr He stopped short in tbe road, as if he would have deviseo tutftaut infawOTea. fCemdmdei sa «ar mat) 