OLGA OB VASSEIL T'I'Ctl. MIrI is a strange, wild story-inmprob able I grant, yet is not :ruth often more improbable than fiction ? is not fact con tinually proved to be wilder than the wildest fancy dares portray ? I, Karl Von Hempfeldt, was over a mor bid, dreamy, speculative youth, separating myself from my follows to pursue in soli tude my researches into the mysteries which we call life and death-not even scrupling to practice forbidden arts, if thereby I might attain unto somet revela tion of the dim inexplicable " beyond" which heold for me so strong a fascination. It was in the beginning of my twenty third year that, reaching the south-western corner of Russia, I tarried for awhile with out apparent reason-drawn thithor.(so I said afterwards) by inscrutable fate, or rather fortune, to wait the event of my life. Perched on the rocky coast of the lBaltic, was then the small seaport of Vassoilvitch, a quaint nodimval- town, whose kremlin boldly faced the soa and seeoomed a part of the rugged, stern coast it protected. Crowding close within the walls of the fortress lay the little town. All unchanged stood houses which long vanished gouera tions had inhabited, and if their spirits yet lingered in the dusky corners their preseoneoo did not disturb the living denizens. Superstitious, pious, contented, the gentle Russian accepts life placidly, he it. never so hard, believing implicitly that through the help of his friendly saints and the aid of his priest he shall in due time enjoy his paradise above. It was a bright day in midsummer (for even in that land of snow they have their summers) when Iarrived at the little town, but I recognised at once the presence of an all-provading gloom. The sun nhone unheeded, the people walked silently through the strooets, and if by chance friends mot they spokoin low.and saddenod tones. The very children played quietly, and coll-helarted indeed would have been the maiden whose eyes reatined undimnmed with tears as she passed the house over which the shadow of death lurked in solemn silence. I soon gathered from the talk around tile that this same town, now so sad and hushed, had been but yesterday crowded with gay young folks happy in the antici pation of a grand military ball. Then the air had been filled with merry voices, Its the young men and maidens hurried through the narrow, crooked streets, iu.s pationt for the plieasures of the evening, for dancing, to th e true Russian, is a satis fying and never-ending delight. Scarce had the long slhadows faded into twilight, gloom ore the sound of ullsie fromi the ball-roomn announced that the festivity had begun, and there from far and near hastened the guests, the drosehkies driving with mlad speed, yet oven too slowly for their impatient occupants. All through the hours of that suinlmor night, the sound of the music never ceased, nor did the feet of the dancers grow weary. Whmn at Iast the ball was over, and the revellers turned reluctantly homeward, every tongue was loud in praise of the beautiful Olga--she had boon chosen (queen of tile ball and crowned with It wreatli of white roses, las was the custom of the town. Wherover she moved a throng of brilliant ofloeers clutstered, until, loth to part, the more entlhusiastic of the young mn!l escorted her hlome and left her shiling and happy in her triumph. In the morning the bhello of last night's ball had boon found in her room, her hiad crowned with its wreath of flowers, her inmslin dress falling in soft folds aroundl her, her little hands ciasiped together; thero; just as silo had conime from the ball she sat, lovely, smiling, and dead. The mlother would not believe the cruel truth, the prayers of priests wore sotight, the value of sticred relics vainly tried, the fltvoir of the Blessed Virgin invoked with tears and p)reents ; then, all else failing, nhysiciais were brought that they mlight try, Ily their vaunted skill, to restore life to the beautiful dead form. All this and more was recoiuted to ile soont after ny. arrival, and so powerfully was mly imagination excited by the tragedy thalt [ foundl it ilpousible to think of any thing else. Suddenly I was seized with a ntai imipilso-ewhat if I could carry off the body of the dead girl and exlperimlent upon it--and the thought once entertined, speedily became ai devouring dlesire, which silenced reason had led tle altogetheOr cap tive. I shut miy eyes determinedly to the t dal:ngers and dilliculties in illy way, indeed, they but added zest to miy mad project, and set myself to plan the ways and mteans of this robbery of the dead with all the n-l thusiasti of my nature. IlRstlessly I paced the narrow streets, but found myself over returning to the Ihoue f would fain have entered, the house whero Olga slopt her dreamny sloop. It was an old, austore- looking building. From cachi of its five stories iron cross hsars spread thomeolves out into clusters sull)p porting the house, and thus at once osorving for use as well as ornamont. It was overtopped by an old-fashioned, deontictilated gable, a has relief of a syren was set in the wall, and though defaced lby time I could fancy that the stony eyes were fixed sternly and disapprovingly ou tim, anl this glance imlnpresise, me with a vague fear, sucec in the declining daylight. Still I lingered as in a dreamn, gazing at these walls that told no secrets, half temlpted to try and force opeln the manniveo door; buit on either side tsn a reeserid podi tnent where chubby checked but flierce Caryatides kept watch and forbade my Unt rlance. Overhead the crown and ravens flew swiftly, flapping their wings and screaming discordantly as they stlought their nIlots for the night, Illd to Illy distorted fancly these uncouth birds seemoed to be chlnlting a re quiem for the dead. Th'le day was now over, rd ni s I turnedl to walk away in the dIlepeuiug shadows the lamips Ibefore lth holy piictures ttnd shrines were beginnintrg to glitnmor miore brightly, and thie tusacred figures, half resembling heathen idole, looked out at tme as if they possessed it dread phantom life. Before the curtain ihad beoo drawn for the night, I liad obtained a glimtpse of the roomt. Titsl, with Iny knowledge of Itue. sian customs, enabled ume to picture to niyself the scene indoors. The torches I knew were already lighted around the bier, revealing the Iesautiful Olga arrayed int a pink shroud, with her handtlsi crossed meeikly n on her breast and a garland of fresh flowers on her head. The priest challts the psalns for tlhe dend, and scatters perfumles over the body, while watchinig inaidenis cross themselves and pray for thie repose of the departed i soul. 'rho light of these burial torches barely t reaches to the distant corners of the lofty rooml, and but faintly illurnes the old dingy r tapestry and the portraits, ancestral and r listoric, that adorn the walls. Mlon of fiorceo aspect with perukes and steool cuirasses starred with golidt nails and traversed with the broad ribbon of somein knightly order-high ladies in costumes of different reigns display their faded charms t and graces long gone by. Onet lovely youlng countess had retained lips of bIrilliant carminse and blue eyes of unlttorttd ilsurle, antd sho lookted out froili the depths of Iher tarnishIedi frulm upon i the formi of the kiinswoeImat, lland seomtd to sinile hers a wvelcomo to the worlt of theI t detd. I could fancy all this paintld cotm- Ii pany, watchling with uearnest, fixed gazil the mourners, the priest, thl lights itndt the corpoe, weairilg a said smile, as if tIhey would say, " You too shllall bit forgotton." 'lThroe days of mourning lassH- a the I torches burn low fresh o0les arre brought- over sotInilds tllse voice of the lpriest cIhatlL ilg lisalins and Iprayers for the rest of tihe soul, lwhile tlhe uturmiitir of rthe0 iournors keeops low and sorrowful accord. D)utermined to carry out my plant-I waited with lwhat patienco I could corn taend, until on the burial day I miingled with tihe throng of tnoulrners atmnd entered the house, and than for the first tino I gazed upon the dead girl. Long and earnestly I icrrtinised the lovely faco, so oexquisitely beautiful even in deauth that a feeling of pity cauo over mo, and the impulso which had possessed mo thus far seemedl monstrous. I struggled with tmyconflicting emotions ; awe, tenderness, curiosity, filled my breast by turns, until miy ngitation became almost uncontrollable, and I felt that I wits drIawving attontion to myself which was by atll tieans to bo avoided. Yet I could not leave the spot; the more I hateld ny former project, the mtoro I sconted drawn to the tidto of this angolio creature whoso loveliness, already doomed, held ile with a spell whlichl no living wottnm hadI yet oxorcised:l ripon ro. Exactly whatt I pro pocsed I kntew not, but I followed the funeral procession as it wound its way through the streets towards the old cathedral. 'Tho oathlodral was shroudod in a myasto r, riouts darkness. The pictured saints stood i dimt against their gold backgrounds, and d the holy tapers flickered with a fitful, yellow r light upon the altar. ' The priest, I venerable, long-haired, long" barded old man, mitred like a magician, 1 clad in a dalnlatic, still with gold rembroid c1 ry, and supported by two acolytes, came 1 out of the sanctuary and recited the sacred formulas in IL voice senile hut perfectly Sdistinct. After lie had cIhanted It psalt the cerem'OIny was ended, and the procession Smoved toward the sepulchre in the outer garden. During these rmomtents I had formed iny -plans, land while eviryotne was ki(eeling for the concludinlg )pratyeris stolo from the church, ind crept silently down the little yIard. Long eloiiatier tretcithed oil either .aide, their archlcs elmbrownetd by the smoke ' and rust of centuries-uulinhabited tuow' by monk or ttun, a home only for the miourning wind or the solitary bird. Unmindful of the desohltion, its of the by.gono grandeur, overmastered by tenlpth tion, I entered the open sepulchre, and standing close in one corner wtas lost itn the glooml. Here I reulincd until theo long, slow tolling of the bell roused me to i full cotscioll'ness oif tly postition. As the dieli vilrationts astote the dreiad silence around iteo, I know that the cerletony wals over, the mourners departed, tand I alone with the dead Ict iTh' supoll of the tomb was upon stto. I moved softly, its if these dull cars could l hlar, or thllse closed eyes could moote 1tie With trembling, uncurtatin filugers I raised the collit lid, longing to gaze once iore I upon the fuace that ihd so encllhaineld lly fancy. So beautiful shet wts that sny heart sHntole mte afresh, anitld I could alost, fancy that t front overy side tillh voices of her deadi kitlnstoitn were threaLtenllilg ti(e, the p)rofanll0 ditlulrbor of this last sleep, with indden t vengean(!Iltce. S;uroly it was little woindler if tiy sojourn H in that, abthode of death and decay, coupled with the rep)roacheit of lly conscienLce, sthotuld hILave tended to unsettle tily Irasott, O or to light ruship o mpulso into madnessl. All the stillneus of mildnight cropt over' the town the far-away mtiurltitur Of the sea made itself audible to my excited omesc. t 'The noluing Ihllaby quioltuned ly pulsoH a desperato courago nerved Ite to lily task. It With theo siOprhuitiani strength of Ita td- t Mani, as I was, I shook violently the iron ' gates. IRusty and worn by time thie lolts it yielled, and slowly the door of the tomb, ponled. I looked out itlo the dimn, deotrted garr- r den-no siigs of life or movemnent .were? I dtescornible. Ilack into the tdark, cold, w tlrsty vault I went, to return with the it maiden in ity atrn't. Carefutlly wrappedu r my cloak atbout the tonder formi, softly I iillowed the fair chllik ot it my shoulder, then with many It backward, utartled glance, hatilf-oxpctatuit of ghostly followers, It I fled towaird the wide, sounding sea. w The cool, night air frannttl y brow, the. - Htlr's hid thomselvei fromt me, as with this strange, ,sold burdeon strained close to Imy heart I fled on, and itill on. At last the cliffs wroie isight. Elzhausted, I sank down, still gralsping imy treasure, yet powerless for some moments to proceed further. The wvaves dashoed against the rockl, and the white foaru laped upilt in hugo fantastic forus like legions of ghosts ; the latU moon crept slowly up the heavens, leavilng Ia h lurid trail on the water and lighting Iho C mallltl wavetr with a re t3l, glory, hlst of all, shining on the white face of the beauitiful at dead Olga. E All glorious, Ier'rible and unreoal wais th. ticonet; 1 felt, uiystlf ott lih bounldarie?it ot I thti spirit, wu'ld ; tthe f.?ninug wave s?t,:ntd ec like friendl? shapes beckoning aut with F outstretched arits, anid in a ntew trattport ht I bent and kissed the upt urned, moonlit Ht face, thou sprang fealrlnlily into the si,,,. There lity recollections tfail me-I have t a l confltlttledi irl,rpesHiort of i- nigglo Uld grow- Al inl-g weaketis-of ainguiishit of body audl b mind as t hi, Ilorce waters clostedi aroundti b rnte, suirged i/over ite, enguillfed rui--,ttiu to cattie a shotti., aiothert, lights, tiltedi gtroup- ti ilgi, antid il els is blank. in WVheu it, lau-, I groped ily way I-:!, to th consioius life, it, wteas litlrd to sepiarate lihi oi rel fro t dowy, the s hlldt y, te acttal from itry th drceams, lnd I wias flain to ask help of the I n stilorit who suIrroundeld stit. IlThie story, stripped of its deitails, witas brief e(!tllogh. Almost in the moment of at ily mirtal leap into the sealt, It ship watts saill It ing in the moon'ri path of light, tind to her wV] crow I owed illy irescu from tie death 1 in hadil darled. i Closotclasped I IthaIl hold mily companion, Its so closely that it had beon difflhuilt to Id loosen rlty grasp. At first til ship's [it surgeon had prooutceed uts bothl dad, buint t atfter hours of pitient tininistering the in breath of lif had beeon won back to both. be Hero I started, roused into sudden of strength and recollection by thati last at word. " liotlh I" I ganped, " both 1" and lit than dared say Ino ilore. a The man repeated it. "Yes, both yoU s1 and the lady, sir, itnd sho is itl bheautiful its it anll angel, though she lot'It scent to Ibe altogether right in her head yet. Bult li nrtybo when she tees you again, lhoe'll do co better." in ItFaint, speechless, I listontd. Was Olga tit not dead P WaVore the events of tlhat a terrible night it delltsiotn ? IBut thon-lhow or wtits it thattt sit wtas found iun lly aIrlnt. ti Tii. m..ilor I lwited its if giving nuo Lirie. di At last I whisprred, trimtling, 'u Tikr me It to lrhr! " illd lhe guided miy faltering steIps, for I walt yet vry weak, to I corilnelr ot thk vi deck, whelro, inpported with shawl andut In eCuthiltni, I saw tiek dead rind buried Olgit, I alive ! cc Yel, wtel this itndtooed lif, this sihatlowted, i silentI(, illltlt l exitIteIt0s, hehleiInU the g'K.Ilt, tl siad tyon gazed forever into the distanrce, itsa if iteting unutttkrable lhingut, Itud where no in fttittent sltile over crosCed thke pale, pure d lips? I tnrlk down bsctid heltr. I took her i chill, lifolesti huind iin mlino. I poured out aI alil Ity soul in loving wordiis, but, to noe o purpos. Iln did nrot;i look at meu. She did not liston. ho onrly gazid oilt, and riadeo ri nio ilitwerti, glVc nio siglt. k T'leincefforth iviry carto and thoughlt was t given toOlgit. Ilor restoration luieuatot rty one hope, and I sitruggled hourly, yet illI in vain, to break Ithe stringo, dumb spell whichl so chained her loul. I had soon learnoed trhat wwere ildobtod B to a lpirato for oUri rescnIo, Itnd tl time went it by, one iday the catptain tlhrow opent somiuea trulnks full of rich weacring utpplarol, and bado mo take what I choso for Oi1&glt; noodm, salling htir my sitter, it indeed they hladi rnited Ihur from the fr?t. WVith rntany I thankrs, I tlragged out costly arlifula of o rolies tlltd laid theut dlown boforo mlly love, ibut auti, turning awliy listile dly from gloIma u illg silks and lihintrnnering lctees, choAo only a nun'n dross of grey oergo, and would wear no other. Ihit sin wasl nmirpasirngly haintlful in this a garb. 11cr goldin hnair flvoed in toftest ripplot ovehr lr eshoulders, liher lovely eyes wero inlolpreoasllly Itosoclhlng, when ilat t rarel inttrval nho coulld be won to look i away at the distant horizon, and it was ad scarocly strange )that the superstitions d sailors looked upon her as an angel visitant. w Meanwhile our ship was sailing south, ward, bound to an obscure port for repairs r and supplies, so 1, unwilling to land amid s, strangers, fearing the effect of now sconeos I- on my poor Olga, determined to remain e on board until the captain could take, us d back to Vasseilvitch. Thus it happened y that the months flow by, and still he sailed i onwards. is What need to say more of the voyage. r Sullies it that we neared our haven, and early one morning were cautiously sent ashore, the captain promisillg not to anil s until he kunow the result. At last we neared the house I remem berel so well. The stonycuyed syron had no look of welcome for us; the fierce Caryatides still kept watch at the door, as Olga mounted tho steps and with trembling hand raised the heavy knocker, while::1 stood near breathlessly waiting the result. The summons Ibroughta strange servant. lie gazed at her in stupefied silence, but sunmindful, of him she attempted to pass into the hosmo. Bly this time the man was thoroughly I alarmed by this weird apparition, and called for help. Forth osand the master, but, alas he too was a stranger, and sharing at once in his servant's terror, he msade a motion its if to thrust Olgafrom the door. Alarmed for her safety, I was about to draw her away, when she turned and fled swiftly down the stroeet. Following closely on her footstops, Isoon found mysolf within the shadows of the old catihedlal. Startled and puzzlod, Iwatohod her movements as through the deserted co(nveut garden she sought the family tomb. What strange intuition was loading her, I know not. Could it have boon that in that homo of death she had boon partly conscious ? W'as le oevon now blindly searching for that other half.remombered seull' Still I watched, and noted that as her eyes fell on her own name a shudder passed over her, but just below was the freshly graven namoof tiher mother. At sight of this sheo wept. Then for the first she looked toward me. In a moment I was by her side. I took her hands and hold them in a strong, but tonder grasp, while I told her tile strange story of her death and return to lifo, and of how I had loved tiher through all and waited and longed for this nmoment. Hler hood had fallen from liher head, releusing the waving masses of her golden Ihair, and um she listened to my passionate words, at fludh mantled her elioks, render ing her seo lovely that i could no longer resist, the temptation to clasp her in my arms and kiss her. Shu yielded to my entreaties to leavoe the honle that know her no more and go with me, nud so, hand in hand, we once mnore wended our way toward the sea. 