THE RETURN BALL TO THE MAYOR. The ball given to the mayor of Melbourne last evening, in acknowledgement of the noble hospitalities of the 28th August last, was pronounced to be the most successful of its kind that has taken place in the Town-hall up to the present time. The company numbered between 900 and 1,000. We have now had large experience of fancy dress balls, for 21 years have elapsed since the then mayor opened the series which has since grown so long. The early fancy dress balls were held at considerable intervals, but they now occur pretty regularly about once in every three years, and between times people content themselves with plain costumes. It has become as much a custom to give a return ball as it is for the mayor to send out his invitations at he close of the winter season. On this occasion the number of persons anxious to do honour to the mayor seems to have been unusually large. The numerous attendance may be accepted by Mr. Paterson as a proof as much of appreciation of his recent hospitalities as of his known popularity of the head of the Corporation. The rule was laid down by the committee which had charge of the arrangements that ladies and gentlemen should have it in their option to come in ordinary or in fancy costume as they pleased, and the effect was to introduce a large amount of sober black into the midst of the gay colours which characterise gatherings of the peoples of all nations. Still So many were present in bright suits that they quite took it out of the power of the staid representatives of this period of the nineteenth century to make them seem odd or fantastical. It was chiefly the gentlemen, of course, who appeared in plain dress hence there was a pleutifallack of kings, nobles, courtiers, negro minstrels, cricketers, and monks. Only two or three Turks could be counted, from which we should assume not that the cause of the Ottomitea has lost popularity since they began to achieve successes in the field but that all declared Mussulmans have gone off home now that they see they can do so with come hopes of honour and glory and safety AS Midhat last a had not reported himself at Constantinople doubtless it was only proper that the Minister of the Crown who undertook to be his representative on the 28th of August last, should again let the public look upon his magnificent decoration and his conspicuous head dress. Politicians were somewhat scarce last evening. The melancholy Jaques who spent so much time at the principal hall in fruitless search for a Ministerial supporter the forest, to make his lungs crow like cuan tucker, had evidently not been able to over come in disappointment and therefore stored away but the Government were well represented by the Minister of Mines the Minister of Justice and thcMimcterof Public V orkB Of strange oddly dressed folks there were very few Someone personated a ghost recently come from the grave but made no body unhappy because there was a sufficient attendance of friars to guarantee that he should be duly laid in case be proved reality Of course there were Highlanders present in the costume in which North Britons take so roach just pride but of which only a small portion can be pronounced suitable in warm latitudes They were as prominent amongst the gentlemen as vivandiere amongst the ladies Powdered wigs were plentiful, and some coronets were there to be looked upon with awe mixed with admiration, but novelties were on the whole scarce and it must have been satisfactory to those who had been dazzled or delighted with some of the bright dresses of the principal ball to have the opportunity of viewing them a second time All the arrangements for the reception and entertainment of the guests seemed well managed Some hundreds of spectators collected in Swanston street to witness the arrivals, and as the mildness of the weather rendered the use of overcoats between the carriages and the hall door nnnecea cary, they had much to laugh at or applaud The company began to arrive shortly before 6 o'clock, and at 20 minutes past when the Mayor and Mrs Paterson appeared, the hall was well filled The ball was opened two or three minutes later. The first set was made up as follows -The Mayor and Mrs Coppin, Mr Coppin and Mrs Paterson Alderman Gatehouse and Miss M Paterson Mr Henri J Hart and Miss Paterson Mr Bailliere and Miss Coppin, Councillor Wilks and Miss Forbes The quadrille was not finished when, at half-past 9 o'clock, His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen drove up to the Town- hall, but they did not enter the room until the music came to a pause By some oversight His Excellency's known punctuality had been overlooked, or no doubt the commencement would have been delayed. The mayor and Mrs Paterson were however, regarded as the guests of the evening His Excellency was accompanied by Major Pitt, as wall as by Captain Murray, and the officers of H M S Sapphire. The party was received by Mr. Coppin (chairman of the Ball, Committee, Mr Bailliere (the secretary), and Alderman Gatehouse Some decoration of the Town hall was judiciously introduced They consisted chiefly of garlands of flowers, hanging from column to column along the front of the balcony, but could not be be spoken of strictly as novelties, for similar ornaments were noticeable at a recent public ball in the same place. By an arrangement with the proprietor of the Victoria Club the handsome dining-room of that now well known place of resort was thrown open as a promenade. As two doors (for fire escape purposes) open from the Town hall into the club, the passage from the ball- room to the club premises was easily effected. An opportunity was afforded to gentlemen to invite their partners to rest on luxurious Bofas before serviceable mirrors but of course the rooms which contained the rays (enes believed to be essential to all clubs were not approachable. At 11 o'clock the supper room was thrown open, and about 400 persons sat down to table The chair was occupied by Mr Coppin, with the Governor and Mrs. Paterson on his light, and Lady Bowen and the mayor on his left. Of course the first toast was "The Queen." The Chairman then proposed the health of the Governor He said that His Excellency had so often been praised for the able and most popular manner in which he die charged the duties of his high office that he (the chairman) need not apologise for limiting himself to a few words in proposing the toast On behalf of every one present he acknowledged the cordiality with which His Excellency and Lady Bowen had associated themselves with the citizens of Melbourne in paying a well merited compliment to the chief magistrate. The presence of His Excellency and Lady Bowen was gratifying at all times, but especially so when the object was to emphasise the mark of respect which they desired to convey to the mayor who presided over this prosperous and beautiful city Melbourne had been so fortunate BE to obtain a succession of competent and popular mayors, and he thought he was justified in saying that the gentleman who was in office at the present time was quite up to the standard of excellence that had been established by his predecessors (Cheer?.) Dis Excellency the Go\EnhOR said Mr. Chair man, Mr. Mayor, Ladies and Gentle- men -On behalf of Lady Bowen and myself, I thank you all most sincerely for the way in which you have drunk our healths and I thank my friend Mr. Coppin for the very kind terms in which he proposed the toast I assure him that if he is glad to see where, we are very glad to join you the citizens of Melbourne on all occasions and especially in contributing to do honour to our excellent mayor and lady mayoress. My family and I never forget that Government House is within the city of Melbourne, and I assure you that we are all proud to be citizens. I am sure you all rejoice with me to see here to night Captain Murray and the officers of the Sapphire, members of a profession which always has been and always will be dear to Englishmen. Gentlemen, with the permission of the chairman, I have now to obIc you to drink the toast of the evening The Health of the Mayor and Mayoress." (Cheers ) We all know how ably Mr Paterson has filled his distinguished post, and I am glad to endorse what Mr Coppin has said, namely, that Melbourne has been so fortunate as to obtain a succession of able gentlemen to fill the chair of this city. You all recollect what a capital ball he gave us nearly a month ago, on the historical 28th of August the 42nd anniversary of the foundation of Melboume, and we are now doing our best to show our sense of his princely hospitality, (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with much on thereon The Mayor, briefly responded. The company then returned to the ball room, to make way for a fresh set Dancing was kept up until the 22nd item on the programme was completed. It should be stated that the music (which included some attractive pieces from popular operas like "La Fille de Madame Angot," the " Brigands," and "La Belle Helene') was played by Allan's band, and that supper was provided man efficient style by Mr, Clements, of Swanston Street 