A NIGHT OF TERROR. _ Abb all appearances deoeitfol ? Do we live surrounded by shadowy chimeras? Have our eyes been given us only to deceive our senses; and our senses to keep as in a state of perpetnal doubt and delusion ? In the present prosaio and meohanical age, it is not diffionlt to (idioale all that relates to the supernatural; but many of the most sceptical, after long laughing at the idea of a visit from those who have learned the great seoret and passed into tho shadow-land, have been forced by terrible experience to believe and tremble. It is more especially in that middle state between sleeping and waking, when the nerveB are unstrung, that the sensitive brain sees objeots that have no tangible existense, and hears sounds that are the offspring of its own creation. Terror, remorse, love, and grief, are the painters who offer their impalpable pictures to our heated and unsettled imaginations ; and, for this reason, the belief in fantiBtic visions is by no. means oonfined to the weak and ignorant. The man, whose brain is of the highest order, and, consequently, the hardest worked, is oftentimes more ready to reoeive the impressions of imaginary or ghostly apparitions, and to investigate these phe nomena with reapeot, than the uneducated and unthinking sooffer who jeers at the whole thing as nothing but vulgar supersti tion. ? . Whether the following story, whioh relates the experienoeB of a night of terror, will serve to throw-any light upon the possibility of a return of phantoms wandering on tho boundaries of another world, will depend upon the spirit in whioh it is read. Bertrand Barrdre said, ' II n'y a que les morts qui ne roviennent pas.' Eh bien, M. BariSio, noBB tenons, ?/ :;M V,, ; ' :;v; ;.;;t It is many years ago since I set out on t- tour through tho western highlands of thont pioturesqae oounties Mayo and Gatway. Mi yaoht lay off tbe little fishing village 0! Keem, in Olew Bay, from which spot 1 hat) mado trips to Clare Island, Blacksotl Harbour, and all the other plaoes worthy ol interest upon the coaBt ; and I now deter mined to hire a guido and pay a visit to Bome of the inland soenery. I had little difiioulty in engaging Larry Macgoharty's sftrvioes during my stay on shore ; he was an honost lad, with a laughing eye, and all tbe aptness for repartee and impromptu wit that generally belongs to his countrymen. But, as it is diffioult to find an emerald without a flaw, so it is hard to find a man, even thongb ha be an emerald islander, without some slight blemish ; and Larry's, I soon dis covered, was an inordinate love of potheen. Witb my knapspek on my back, my atiok in my hand, and Larry by my side, I set off to asoend tho steep sides of the Croghati mountain. When we started tbs snn was shining in all its glory, throwing its gold upon the tress and heather. Far below lay tbe calm unruffled ocean, without one rook or island on whioh the weary sea-bird conld rest its foot between Achil Head and America. In the bay, Clare Island and tho islets coulil be seen, some dark as jet, others flashing like a.Bmilo upon the faoe of tho waters. Hi^b above towered the hill, its summit clad with a crown of forest land, and its slopes covered with a rieh growth of wildwood and flowers, interseoted by numerous streamlets 'that rashed down, through the velvet mosses, laughing to the sea. Inland we oould see ridges and slopes of green broken only by lakes, peeping from their deep hiding places, which spread away as far as tbe eye oould follow. The hum of big, slumberouB, heavy laden, broad-baoked honey-bees, the joyous notes of numerous song-birds, and the silver tinkling of distant sheep- bells, filled the air with soundB of summer music, and made us linger on our way. A turn in the road brought in sight an auoient tower, whioh stood on the brink of an overhanging preoipioe like some rugged war beaten sentry guarding the shores of] his native land. On approaching the building, it turned out to be an old rained mill, lonely, dismal, and deserted as the Moated Grange of the Laureate, desolate, speotral, and un oanny as Hood's Haunted House. I wished to pay a nearer visit, hoping to be able to enter the rain, bat Larry, who was trembling with terror, said — ' Ah, sure ! yer honour, don't go near it; sure the place is haunted.' He then proceeded to relate the story of a murder, whioh had taken plaee there£some years previously. The crime was of a peculiarly atrooioUB oharaoter; the son of the old miller had killed him with a hatobet, for the sake of a small sum of money that was believed to be in his possession, and, afterwards, when the deed was disoovered, the murderer, pursued by the enraged neigh bours, oonoealed himself in the mill. Traoked by unrelenting justice, and despair ing of escape, he flung himself from the oliff into the foaming waters beneath. From that time tbe peassnrty avoided the unholy spot, and it was eooa reported to be visited by the ghosts of those connected with the murder. Surely, I thought, if any crime can rjoall the dead, and make the place of its perpetra tion accursed, this iB one. Larry tremblingly described the terrible sights spoken of by the village gossips, as being witnessed in the blaokened walls of the dreary mill ; the most horrible one being the corpse of the .murdered man, whioh, on the anniversary of the crime, was seen lying on the floor of the upper room, glazed witb congealod gore.' Deserted and aooursed, the place fell into ruins; no one passed it with out a shudder and a prayer for the repose of the old man's soul. Without believing in the wild and improbable tales told by the peasants, I felt so muoh horror of this diabolical deed, that we hurried on, glad to be relieved of the influenoe of the place; and we soon lost, in the bright, sunny soeneB, all memory of the haunted mill. For some hours we oontinued our excur sion in the neighbourhood, pausing often to listen to the cooing of the wild wood-pigeons and the lays of the blackbird and mistle thrusb. As we wandered inland, nothing was visible but one wide expanse of living 'verdure, save where the silvery waters of tbe streamlets and lakes were seen bidden in the luxuriant mass of foliage ; the sunset clouds of Italy seemed transported by the hand of some mighty magioian to the sylvan soli tudes of the West ; and no scene of nature could have offered a fairer image of Paradise. But gradually, as the evening approaohed, the wind, which „ had been softly sighing through the gently waving branoties, began to blow in freshly from the sea ; and the tippling, wavelets, that were dancing upon the surfaoe of tbe waters, seemed mo mentarily to increase in size. Everyone who knows the coast of Ireland is aware how sudden are the ohanges— from a gale to a calm, from a calm to a hurrioane. In half an-hour the soene was hardly recognisable ; the heavy Atlantic rollers were breaking upon the shore with tremendous violence; flakes of foam came sweeping : over the surging watsrs, flying up the mountain side, and were oarried far inland ; .tbe sand was oaught up by the wind and sent sleeting across the country, thicker and more intole rable than any hailstones, filling the eyes, ears, and mouth; levelling ditohes, over topping walls, and threatening to lay tbe whole coastline in one common desolation and ruin. . Larry, who had oalled at every shebeen on the 'road, and1 replenished a whisky bottle, which no persuasion could compel him to re linquish, was by this time more than half aeas over, and, to make matters worse, we miBsed tho beaten traok and lost our way. ' What's to be done now, Larry ?' said I. ' Tbe divil a one of me knows, yer honour, without ye'd sit here under the rock, and wait till I find out where we are.' The rook that he spoke of hung oyer the path, giving juat sufficient shelter for one person; and, as night was coming on, and I felt half-blinded by the shifting sand, I consented; and Larry, after promising to return quickly, disappeared in the darkness. Left to myself, I soon began to lament my lonely condition, and to abnso Larry and fate for bringing me into suoh a mess ; in this congenial occupation an hour passed slowly away, but there was no sign of Larry's return ; and I sorrowfully concluded that he had either wandered so far that he was unable to find his way baok, or that some aooident had happened to him ; fearing the latter, I resolved to venture out of my lair, and try if I oould find him or disoover the lost path. Cautiously feeling my way step by step, I continued to descend the mountain, nearly falling into many of the ravines and preoipices with whioh its rugged sides are broken. At last, after half-an-hour's aarambling. about, my good fortune brought mo into the road, nearly opposite the old ruined mill ; here, as I despaired of reaohing the village that night, I determined to take refuge. After ascendiog, with some difficulty, the rough and precipitous path whioh led to the door, I entered the building and lighted a small travelling lamp whioh I always oarried in my knapsaok. I found the door nnlooked, just as the terror-atrioken peasants had left it; there was nothing in the plaee to rob; and if there had been, ' superstition and fear would havo been far bsttqr guaiainna of the house than locks and bolts. 'THS1 old furniture still remainod, bat 'it btf 'long \- f Vt ! iiuco fallen into such a state of decay as?to - be utterly valueless; most of the glass had. : been shattered in the window-sashes ; on the table lay the mouldering remains of a supper' left there by people whose bones had long ? ; since whitened in the grey churobyard. : ' Being determined to make -the best of ? bad bargain, I began to look ronnd for some- ? thing to make a fire with; and soon oollected plenty of wood from the rotting ^panelling . with which the room was surrounded; this I built up upon the hearth, and soon, for the : first time in twenty years, there was a bright r flame flickering in the old ohimney eornsr. After drying my olothes, whioh had become v wet through in my endeavour to. find tho path, I made a hearty supper off ;the good t things in my knapsaok; and, taking a book, ? I rolled myself up in my boat-cloak, and lay ? down before the fire to try and pass the timo ' in reading. But the book that I had brought with me, unfortunately, was a collection of legends and ghost stories ; and, nlthough'I was a thorough 'sosptw about supernatural things, still I was not altogether free from a certain unearthly awe due to the situation in which I was placed. ' The rain, had ceased, but it -was still dark; the low thunder rolled incessantly along ? the hill side, andvtho wind moaned continuously through the tossing branches of the stunted oak and birch- tree^ . Patter, patter, fell the raindrops from. tha\rafters, . and, whenever tho wind sank for a moinent,~I could hear the Bolemn dirge that the waV«a were Singing at, the foot of tho mountain, ^bie influenoe of the houso Boon came upon me/ond I could not help thinking of the horrible stoi^ connected with it. Just as I was dropp&ik; off to sleep, I seemed to hoar ebmethingsjike a smothered groan under the' flooring p-,thia sound made the blood linV to my heiart, l?nt I determined to oonvince myself that it waft, only tho wind. - Still, when the Bound was \ repeated again and again, I- was foroed ' unwillingly to believe, my senses.: It was real, and no trick of a diseased' and exoited imagination. ; ' ' ' . ; My fancies began to crowdihto, the regions of mystory and night, but', ..at lemgth, I mustered up my oourage, .and determined to discover its source. By moving, I broke the . spell that hovered over me; I opened the door, and, lamp in hand,'. I descended the - stairs to the cellar. In the oorner of a d»rk and dismal vault I saw what . seemed to ba aluminous ball of fire ; a sensei of something moving to and fro came over me'; thick mists and dense vapours rose from the. dark abyss ' and hovered round me; so, after hesitating a moment whether to advance or 'retreat, I hurriedly made my way bock to- the ground floor. ' ? ,!. ;m.: - ; Had I not been so terrified as to be scarcely conscious, I should have rushed from tho house ; as it was; impalpable impressions appeared to return from - long-forgotten graves to visit ine. Just as I was becoming more calm, a sound of scratching was distinctly heard.at the door by which I entered; had I not ' been so agitated, I should have thought that it was a dog, but, now, my throbbing brain could ! dream of nothing but the supernatural ; the . room became thronged with' shadowy mis teries ; I dared not open the door, and' I. dared not remain where I ?was._'-,I tried-tho* windows, but they wore baruecL-Y Then I noticed for the first time a! small' door leaiding apparently to the baok 'of the:' house ; with a sigh of relief I. turned the handle, the door opened, and, as I entered a small' room; :-the . first thing that met my sight was a luminous, ?- ghastly, livid light, that 'streamed' upwards from the floor. Hastily retreiating, : I dosed the door. There was' no escape ; yea, there was one. In the corner of the. room there » was an old staircase leading to tho upper room of the mill ; mechanically I ascended it, and entered; with a scream of horror I :. started baok. . . ? . - . There, stretched on the floor of the room in which the murder hod been committed, J lay the ghastly apparition of a man; hia ? hair, his face, and. Ms whole body covered I with an oozing slime that looked like _ I clotted blood. With hair standing on end, ( 1 I made but one leap down\thei staircase, ^ the steps of . which were 'so rotten that I fell through them and beoaine insensible. When I recovered, the sun was streaming over the hills; the Btorih 'had ;cea*ed aa quickly as it commenced; arid, 'ai I stag- 1 gered into the open air, the birds/were onoe more singing their sweet summer songs. I . plunged into the stream that, ran past the . door. With the daylight toy courage and my scepticism returned, and I made up my i mind to hunt out the hidden mysteries of ' the mill. As X re-entered, T.saw.'standing at the top. of. the stairs, in the 'dborway, the [ same ghastly figure, :its face .'and body ^ covered with the same oozy slime, i '?? With a shriek of horror, ! exclaimed — i 'What, in the name'pf'heayein do yon S require?'' ^ ^ ]'? '? ' Half-a-pint . of whisky,..' yer', honour, it for the bottle's empty ,'.'.wa» thereply ; and -' I recognised the voice of Mr. Larry Mac- ( goharty. ?«?-.{ wtiW* . , 'You drunken scoundrel,- what , are you doinghereP'' ' 'Sure, sor, after I left yer honour, I fell ;? into the bog, and then I foundithe oald mill; and, as yer honour had. been good enough to give me. a wee : taste of the orater, I plucked up courage: and came in .' to rest for the night.'-' ,:1 , -? . Having found my principal; :gho«t, a«.4;'*-';_ helped him to scrape off'Bomi'bf the mnd*~l from the bog, whiah ,Il had mistak«n for blood, I began to look, for my minor apparitions. I opened the little doer at the ?. - back; the floor of the room' wmi covered ! with rotten- fish, ' and, 'aa^fish-^ when in a state of decay generally throwa off jtphoe- f:. phorio light/the luminous appeara - a was easily accoantod for. 1 1 I then descended the stairs leading to the y cellar, and in the cornor, found an old mountain sheep, -who' had, oome: there to die. He it was whose groans -bad first terrified me, arid it was the reflection ot ' his eyes that had looked like the - bnrning . coalin the cellar. '* The next day I left' the west'Jeoast o£ Ireland, and, when' I returned ; in after: years, I found, the old building pulled down; so I never had any further oppor- . 1 tunityof passing another night of terror in the haunted mill. 1 ? ; - ?'?y A Londoner, 'seeing an advertisement headed; ' Amerioan Steam Safe; Odmpany,' ' . remarked that he was .'glad [the; Amaricans bad made'.steam safe oomp'attf ' ; ^ ' Wsr did you name that.old^orae Napo- . leon?' asked a gentlemen ofr'a negro, whose v ' j horse was almost . reduced, to - a skeleton. t ' Why, marse, yon see it's caze the bony part . . . is so strong in him, '. was the'ready reply. *' A strong -minded woman was, heard to remark, the other day, that she' Would marry I a man who had plenty of' money, though he [ was so ugly she had.to.sorearir every 'time she j looked at him... j -J1 , Wbbn is a parson like a poatman? — Whoa A his delivery pleases you.: , i;.'; '!- ; -.!,- L An old gentleman who had . datyriod all his ' * life in statistics says he oever heMd of bat one woman who inaured her life. 'HsiaccounU ' for this by tho singular faot ot 'one ol the questions bsing, ' What is yoilr ag»V , 'Tbebe is, one thing about, babies, ' «ayg a lEto traveller— they jaevee;ch|4ige. ' We have girls of the period, men of the world, bat tbe baby is the same eelt-possossed, fear* less, laoghing, voraoious U»Ue\heath«n in uli ages anfl in all countries, ' \ ? . ' } f-::. -v 