THE ARCHBISHOP OF NAZIANZUS. ( From, the Australian Churchman.) A most interesting ceremony took place a short time ago in the Roman Catholic Cathedral, Sydney ; when a number of young men pre sented a Pastoral Staff to a distinguished ecclesiastic. We are always glad to see merit recognised ; and consider that a Pastoral Staff is a very appropriate present for one who discharges the duties of Bishop. In his Speech in reply to the Address which accompanied the present,' this dignitary, made some remarks which were just and weighty ; and others, e. g., as to the use of the Pastoral Staff by Bishops being 44 at least nearly as old as the New Testament, if not older," which were not so. Among other things, he told these young men that St. Paul had said to Bishops , "Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost has ap pointed you Bishops to rule the Church of God," &c.;— that a Bishop should be one "preferring truth and the clear ring of its golden voice to all the empty applause or life "—and that 44 how anxious I am to tend towards it the ideal of a perfect Bishop I think I need hardly tell you." That this dignitary should have mistranslated the passage from St. Paul, is almost a matter of course ; for with few exceptions, the Teachers of his Communion know little of Holy Scrip tures. One of the "three especial qualities " "which he says a Bishop should possess iB that of learning. But what kind of learning ? 44 Learned — that is, possessed of the whole mind of the Church as expressed in the writings of her greatest Doctors, and by her most celebrated Bishops, Councils, and Popes." Certainly one who devotes his time and labour to. the pos- session of "the whole mind of the Church," as . contained in an almost countless number of books, will have little time to become familiar , with the mind of the Head of the Church as ex pressed in Holy Scriptures ; and therefore we can understand that ignorance of the Word of , God which has passed into a proverb. Now we believe that the office of Bishop is described in . the New Testament ; that a wise and godly . Bishop is of incalculable worth ; and that, among other things, his duty is tojrule over the Church. But we deny that the particular sentence quoted from St. Paul either refers to Bishops, or speaks . of any rule over the flock. St. Paul does use the word "Bishops" ("over which the Holy Ghost hath made yon Episcopous," Acts xx. 28) not however as an official term, but to express the duty of watchful oversight and care ; since those to whom the words were spoken are thus ! described — 44 from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the presbuteroxie of the Church. And. . . .said unto them,"&c.; It was therefore to the Presbyters or Priests that the words were . spoken. And he tells them the Holy Ghost had made them overseers, not to rule, but to- "feed the Church." The word used — poimainein — is indeed translated "rule," but in four . places only ; and it is in these places connected with words which show that this must be its j meaning. The first passage is Matthew ii. 6 — 44 A Governor, that shall rule My people Israel.' Tbe other three passages are in the book of the Revelation, and are all connected with the same:- words, e,g., ii, 27 — " he shall rule thee with a rod of iron." But in all other places the idea is that of a shepherd feeding hiB flock. For in stance our Lord said to St. Peter — 44 Feed M.y sheep," and in his 1st Epistle, St. Paul himself says— 44 Feed the flock of God." Even in the Douay Bible in every other place when this word is used - in connection with the Church, it is translated 44 feed " ; and so it ought to be here ; for in addition to general usuage, the following verse says that "after my departing . shall grevious wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock." But who is this dignitary ? The address gives him two titles ; tbe first and chief being 44 Arch- . . bishop of Nazianzus." This foreign Archbishop has been staying for some time in Sydney ; ana during his stay has displayed great ability — of a certain kind. He has a fine, commanding figure, and "is gifted with great powers of language of that inflated, semi-grand, semi- eloqucut kind so taking with the public ; but he is sadly deficient in logical power, and as a scholar; (though he makes a great display of learning) is very inaccurate. He is fond of lecturing. Yet though he has been in Sydney \- during our great anxiety as to a possible war between England and Russia on account of Turkey, and though we desire to get all' the in- ... formation we can, strange to say no one has sasked this Archbishop of a Turkish Province to enlighten us on the nature of the Turkish rule; " though who better than such an Archbishop could explain the views of Christians in his Province as to the Turkish dominion; who better than he, living ( when in his own Pro- . vince) in daily sight of Turkish atrocities, could denounce with withering scorn the presump tuous cruelty of the foreign Pope of Rome in siding: with Turks against Christians because they, belong to the great Eastern Church ? But it is a remarkable fact that this Arch bishop of Nazianzus " is strangely ignorant of the affairs of- his Province. While he says that, one great requisite of a Bishop is, in St. Paul's words, to "take heed of . . . the whole flock," &c.;, he has seldom been among his ; yea, to tell the truth, he is an absentee Bishop, never once having visited them. He has never seen his Cathedral; knowB not whether it is entire, or in ruins ; if entire, cannot tell what is its size, its style, or the materials of which it is built ; and has not the vaguest conception of the kind of throne he will sit on, when he goes thither with the staff which the strangers of Sydney have given to him. Even absentee Incumbents, how ever, often provide good and efficient Curates for their flocks ; but this Archbishop is so strongly indifferent that he has neither Bishop, nor Dean, nor Priest, nor even Deacon to represent him there ! He receives no communi cations from his flock ; knows not one of them personally ; is ignorant even of their language ; cannot tell the number of Christians in his Province generally, or even of its chief city; cannot trace up the line of his predecessors, there ; in short he seems to know only one thing about it — that about fourteen hundred years ago there was a Bishop there named St. Gregory (though really he was not the Bishop, but the Coadjutor of his father ) — and it would sorely puzzle him to say in the lifetime of which of his predecessors, residing there, it was raised to an Archbishopric. Now, honestly, does he think that this is a feeding of his flock 1 Perhaps he will say that this Province is over run by Turks .who oppress the faithful. If so, have they not the greater need of the com forting voice of their dear Archbishop ? How could he then speak to those young men of 44 the intrepidity, of St. Bazil, the fearless eloquence of St. Chrysostom ?" And how does he explain the words to which he referred, 44 he that is an hireling . . . seeth the wolf coming, and leavetk the sheep, and fleeth ?" But perhaps he will tell us that his title is only nominal, that he is only an Archbishop in partibus to support the claim of Rome to universal dominion. Then, as that which has no reality is a . sham, ho would tell us that his ecclesiastical title is a de lusion and hollow pretence ; and how does this agree with the second of hiB "three especial qualities " — 44 preferring truth and the clear ring of its golden voice to all the empty applause of life?". While he makes no attempt to over throw the Mohammedan delusion, and to re store the Church of Nazianzus to its former con dition, how can he truthfully say that he is anxious to attain to this part of the ideal of & perfect Bishop ? The only Bishop of Nazianzus . to its former condition, how can he truthfully say that he is anxious to attain to this part of the ideal of a perfect Bishop ? The only Bishop of Nazianzus whom he seems" to know, even by name — the great, though vain andever-rhetori- cal St. Gregory — would have scorned- to- .bear- honours and title to a place which are a-hollow mockery. Of the only predecessor of whom he knows anything, he has this sentence — " the theological accuracy of St. Gregory Nazianzen." Now, Gregory's father w as a married Christian Bishop, as was Gregory's friend, St. Gregory of Nyssa ; arid Gregory's mother, Nonna, was a zealous Deaconess, (Hcrzog's Real-Encyc. Art. " Greg, of Naz.") and of this marriage relationship St. Gregory speaks with reverential affection.. Now, if he is theologically accurate ; and if the thousands of Christian Teachers are " never out of harmony with each other " why would the " Archbishop of Nazianzus " think it a terrible sin and scandal to' marry, and enjoy the Christian Privilege — "a Bishop then must be ... a husband of one wife . . .having his child ren in subjection ?" Again, St. Gregory whose writings are of the Old Testament, just as our Bibles have them ; " naming them all in their order ; but maketh no mention at all of Tobit and Judith, or those that follow in the New 'Catalogue, which can therefore have no other place in his account, than are among those that are not Canonical or Legitimate parts in the Bible." (Cosins' Scholcs. Hist, of the Canon of the Scrip. Edit. 1672, pp. 67, OS.) Cosin gives the whole in Latin, and Beveridge (39 articles, Art. 6) in Greek, If Gregory is theologically accurate ; what is liis pretended successor who says that the Apocrypha is inspired and Canonical ? We have heard quite enough of this vain and empty parade of the title " Archbishop of Naz ianzus." If honest, let the man claiming it either perform the duties of J the office ; or else dropping a title to which he has no right, call himself by the title which' alone describes ' his position and duties — The Eight Rev. Dr. Vaughan, Coadjutor- Archbishop of Sydney. 