OFFICIAL TELEGRAM. The following is a copy of a telegram from the Chief Secretary, Sydney, dated 6th Decem- ber. The London date is not given. 'Kara was taken after five days' and five nights' coutinuous bombardment. 'Plevna is entirely invested, and is expected hourly to fall. 'Erzeroum is invested by the Russians, and has been called on to surrender, but Monkhta Paaba has received orders to defend it to the last. 'The Russians suffered a reverse in the Shipka Pass, losing nearly the whole of one cavalry regiment. 'Tho Roumanians have captured Rahova, with a quantity of ammunition and provisions, and by a heavy cannonade sunk a Turkish monitor at Kalafat. 'The Montenegrine have been generally victorious, and are now bombarding Lesnoria. There are rumours of mediation.' St. Patrick's Convent School — Ou Thursday last the annual exhibition in connection with St. Patrick's girls' school took place in the schoolrooms, Harrington street. There was a large attendance of clergy and friends of the children The number of children present were about 360, and they were kept in admirable order during the proceedings. The classes were put through a very searching examination, and those present evinced evident satisfaction at the result. The answering showed clearly that the children were not crammed for examination, but had been taught to think for themselves. The examinations of tha tufa it' portion of the sclioolwai very intorp.st.ijif r\rr\ nntiofnnfnw RpRi'ripK t.lift nrnl examination Eevorol soleciiona of music were given and piecora rf cited. 'Tho Aut nnd the Cricket' was dtverly iccited by n very oniall child, and many of tho selections in mu^ir. Vi'fie admirably executed and eung. At the close of tho prooacdings two of tho young lrtrtietj came forvrard and presented Futbcr Heuz3 with a h;uid: cnoly wrought loco alb and an address of welcome, congratulating him on hie sbfrt rctnrn in gcd healih fiom a recent vibit to Franco. An address was alao presented to Father lieuze on behalf of tho uifaufc pDrtion of thie school. Tho rov. gentlonij'.n relumed thnnkn in happy tjrnia. We must notomi; lo s-.at» ill it tho hall wob neaily dccoiated, nnd thstllnrrf was on cxhi -jition of plain :md foncy needle wor!;, among whioh wuro somn beautiiu: wool work, lha pl:4in noedl.nvoik was ranch ad mired hy the ladies present. Indian Pa.minu Fund. — The snbsciiptions to tbe fiu'd have reaohud tho creditable mini of £14,500, and they aro e::p':etad to reavh clo. e on £211,000 before t.he li-t; clofiu-. In connection with St. Bridget's Christian Doctrine Confraternity, llcv. Father Cunning lnun, o£ Mount Cavnicl, repeated his lecture entitled ' A picture of constancy from tho ages of Faith,' in St. Bridget's Hall on Tuesday last. Mr. Coonan, M.P., occupied the chair. There was a good attendance, and the lecture was listened to very attentively throughout. Guild Hall Literary and Debating Cluk — This society held its usun.l weekly meeting at the Guild Hall, on !Prid«.v. f-.lm 1th inKr.iinr, — Hp.v. A W. Petre (President) 'iu the chair. The priuci pal business was the adjourned debate. ' That the charactev of Oliver Cromwell is not worthy of our admiration,'' and after several members had adebessed the meeting, it was resolved to adjourn the further consideration of the subject until next night of meeting, when the m.tter will be brought to a conclusion. Admission of a Barrister. — Mr. Frank Lea S;ourbride Scnythe, B.A. of Exeter College, Oxford, and barmter-3t-'av7 of the Inner Teas pie, wap, on the motion of Mr. Bubler, Q.C. duly admitted by the Fuil Court as a barrister Completion of Tklegraph Communicitiok with We-teun Atjstkalia..— We are informed thai the liuo connccuog Woato.-n Australia wiih the i eat of thene oclonioG was completed ou Saturday afternoon. 1'AERAMA'J.TA ORPHANS* TliEAT. — On last Mon Jay a lirg« number of lha children cf thu Catholic and Proteebant Oipban Schools, with the band o; the former establishment, attended ihe Grout Am.-.ri'jnn Circua at tho invitation of the proprietors, and enjoyed much tho trea- oo liberally off r.led them. Mr. Hugh Tuylor, M.P.,waowaB present with the children, had made all the iieceeaary arrangement!) to enable them to visit; the cirous, and on their retjru to l:'ar-atnAtt(i ihoy gavo three hearty cheers for that gentlnman. A dinner was given Mr. Coonan, M.P., in the Masonic Hall, ou Tuesday last ; but as the usual courtesy of a complimentary ticket was not extended to, us, we know little of what occurred there Co'NCiDGNCK. — It is now thought evident that tho coastal tides must havu contributed some what io tho diuaater to Ihe FJoronoe Irving. Captain Delhearte, of the General Pel, npjrtf) being1 on n saudbnnk ne'U1 tho posidon of the Fioreuco Irving. He ssya it is impossible to account for it. Tho fog was the thickest ho had ever seen. His ve-sel got off without da-nnjre. City Mutual Insurance Society:.— A meeting of the 'shareholders of the City Mutual Fire Insurance Company was held on Wednesday evening- week in tho Temperance Hall, to decide the remuneration to be paid to Mr. J. P. Garvan, for his services in connection with the formation of the company. Mr. M. Fitzpatrick, M L.A., presided. Tho chairman submitted the recommendation of the Board, viz., that £500 bo paid to Mr. Garvan. A resolution approving and adopting the recommendation of tbe Board was carried. Nomination ok City Auditors. — The follow ing nominations were made on Wednesday for the City Auditorships : — Philip Callachor, Little West-street ; R. S, Cannon, Bathurst- , street ; W. Clarke, Darlinghurst-road ; John Hugh, Davies, Bourke-street; J. J. Graves, Elizabeth-street ; Alexander Ogilvie, Park street ; G Perry, Goulburn-street ; Richard Augustine Taylor, Brisbane -street. The election takes place on to-day. (Saturday). It is expected that there will be a close contest, as the several candidates and their friends have been active in their canvass. Mr. Thomas S. O'Connor, one of the. retiring auditors, did not allow' himself to beplaced in nomination, else his return was certain. Election ol- Mayor. — At the quarterly meetc ing of the City Couucil, held on Monday last, the retiring Mayor (Mr. Merriman, M.P.) and Alderman Green wero nominated. Mr. Merri man was elected by a majority of 8 votes to 6. ' Aristides'— The Very Rev. Dr Ber.- mingham of Wagga, who says he has had the authorship of the letter signed ' Aristides,' which appeared in a recent issue, attributed to him, writes to dis claim all sympathy with the sentiments of that letter. The Crisis.— When we wont to press laBfc ./ week we ioformod our readers that after the defeat of tho Ministry, Sir John Robertaon and his coilfoguoo sent in their resignation to his Excellency. Tae Govrnor then sent for Sir : Henry Parkes and gnvo him a commi-.oion to . , form Ps Ministry, and on Tnuradny evening after repeated ndjoarnmonta, and after oxhanaiing every means in his power, thio col disnnt leader ,. -, of ihe Opposition hap had to di fE -r the ignominy of giving back the ' comniisii in,' not being able . ; to fc rra a Mini-.t-y. Portfolioo were efferod , ,\ Mcoers. Fnrncll, Burn?, Lenry, E. B. Smitl'- . .; lloskins, Sutbcrhn', 'Windryer, F, B. 8ut(or, ,;; Driver, Hurley (Ilastloy), D.iviop, and many .- others (nitifitecu in nil). Wo have boon aimi- . .- rtBeially informed that many of them would occept cfliic if they thought ihoro wa3 achnnco of Sir He-Dry getting together anything liko a ..; prescpl&blo; Cabinet. Tho m o1. comical thing -.-.,?. in connection with Sir Htnry'o Iftbourrj — nnd ? ho did work bard, for he would not, if we will - he j.Uowcd to use in connection with hio nnme ., ,;: a vulgar excresaion, 'throw up tho npongo' till , ,? he had not a leg to Btand on— wan his offering . ;; .i the [Oit of Colonial Tieormrer to Mr. Jumoa Greenwood, who a few montlin ago flouriihed und..'r th'- title cf the Kov. J.une3 Greenwood, Baptist Minister, nnd Genernl St'.sfci&ticirsn; to tho New South Waien Public School Lsaguo. What rauot people think of Sir Henry afcer offering thn Trofifiurerohip— a position '.vhioh should bo held by somnono acqunitited with ii nance, to a man who, above all other men (from tho nature of h's i.ac (.Gjoj) nhonld know lea^t of monetary mat-ers. It ia expected that Mr. Stuart will nov; bo geuI for. A QrjESTrox OK Fjicr. — A letter from Mr. Farncll appeared in Wednesday's Herald, con nauicimg a suuemeni eviaemiy emanating irom a certain political chief, who is tho father of ? many such statements, that tho amendment which upset the Ministry, 'although moved by j Mr. Farnell was drafted by Sir Henry Parkes, ' and was moved with I ho under-nt-mcling, as we ' '.-.?/ aro informed, that if miccessful Mr Farnell s should accept office under Sir Henry t'arkes.' Mr. Fiirncll's reply is clear and conclusive. Ho ' writes : — ' It is not true that t-ir Henry Parkes ' drafted tho amendment in question I brought : to the meeting un amendment which I bad pre pared, aud it was amended, but in no substantial - ' particular, at tho suggestion of Sir Henry Parkes. There was no understanding' on any , ' occasion, either expressed or implied, that if the amendment was carried I should tako offico with Sir Henry Parkes or with anyone else.' .j CUKIOU.S ROHBHEY OX THE MAIL StEAJIISB. — Tho following partioul.irn of the robbery of Jiidcto Gritaon, of New Ze.iland, at Gallo, v?hen ou hin wnj' to tho colonies, aro these: — Tho -' learned j'.id^e Ur-pt hio money iu i\ desk, nnd at ? I Gaile he carefully inspected tbe tronehipmont of , , hia lu^t»a;,'e, including the deslr, from tho Peltin ti the b .»!\t ho had hired, nnd from thence to tho Sum, Having ascertained the nnmbet' of his '? cabin, he n:uv all hichiftfrnjra sent up the Rang- i way from tho boat to the ntnmm'i1, and ord^rnd j his bed-room iitor;ard to lock hia cabin. The ' jadi»o then went on shore, :.nd after making some exenn-ions iu the neighbourhood ci' G.-'Ilo, ' he returned lo the nhip, aud on boarding her 'I heard hi« ninio culled out. Ho wa-3 then told ,. that a bore belonging lo him had arrived, nnd !ho peisan who brought it required payment, On \ goiuj; 10 his cabin, he found hia desk missing. On returning to the paloon iho deek wna handed to him, evidently tampered with. Ho brought it to tho captain's cabin, and f.miid, on examination, that about 8 JSlO-notca and 3 Joo-uoten of tho Bank - of England (stamped with tho B ink of New Zealand, atamp, dated October 4, 1S71), together '.'. with drafts for a conciderablo amount on banka iu New Z;aland wore mi-sing. Payment for tho latter was otoppod. Upon the advice of the -^yi rap'aio, Judge Griason at onco mada inquiries ' ''?'.'., for the person who deair-'d to be paid for bring- ; ; ' in« tho box tD him. No ouo of tho bcoi-q of \ : ^ coloured persons on dtck replied. Io io supposed ? .: .;] thab in place- of the dealt being sent fco the cabin, it was rassed t ) confederates who Divaim-d on V-: board during thy transhipment of pasoengrr^. i'. Too curious part is that tho desk oont-jlning ' ' nviny other papars of. value w-i3 returned to the . :.li ship. Following so reoettly the other robbery . ;,.., of £50U0 which wan discover jd at Galle in the ' ,-? previous month, this excised conhiderablj corn- mint. — Evening News. ??'?' ' .!-'?i The PiiirioNEit Fhancis Buokk. — His Honor J; the Adelaide Chief Justice heard a summons in ';- Chambers on Tuesday morning, December 4, .=... ,;;!, calling- upen the Crown to show causo why the .. -, prisoner Bucko should not be admitted to bail, pending tho next Criminal Sittings. Mr. Pater ' '.: appeared iu support of the summons, and ihe . :;;!'! Crown Solicitor attended nnd offered no objec- ?: . -u ton. ^His Id ouor thoreupon m ado au order for ??.-,. Bucke's release upon his entering1 into recogni~ 7 sances in the sum of £500, aud finding two . ; : ' sureties of £200 each The sureties will be forth- - i: ' ij coming, and Bucko will probably bo released .?::.;? from custody. The GovitNoa ok thu Colonv.— la Truth of j Ojtobt'i- 25 wo fiud tho following piraprapb :— . ;-/ '; Sir Heroules lt-jl iuaon, G. C. M. G-., will -., leturn homo from Sydney early nen;t year, and ..i--)'{ report names Lord Norman by „ at preBent ia ;. ;': ? New Zaaland, i\a hia probnblo ouccaasor in the ?'?? «overuor£hip of Now South 'Wale:-, The appoint. '':' ' 'c meutwuld meet with much approval, foV Lord : 's' Normanby has fully earned tho coufiionoo of the ? ''H Colonial Office, and his popularity in Nev? ? , -:v Zaaiand is beyona question,' ' * . ' j^.. The Pcujjiisg Championship— Canada , . V. Ausihalia. — ? Tho supremacy of EawardTrickett to the title ( f champion sculler of lhe world han again been challengi'd, not aa was- xptclcd by an Eoglishman, hub by II ujlan, tho C-uiadian cham pion oouiicr, v/liouo challenge has beeu received by Tnclrotfc, by o--b'e»r m, dated loionlo, Csnada , November 23rd, n.s follows :— ' Accept your challenge, tlnee milee, £500. Allow mo firat chaneo. Dcbhila mailed. SLnacl, Hanliin.' . It may be remembered (tmya the Evening Now&) that when Triokotb waa leaving Buglond ha offered to allow any t caller £150 expente3 and row him in Australia for £500 a nido, or £300 espouoen if for £1000 a aide. This ia no doubt tho 'challenge reR-md to by H*nlan, eo that probably Ijy the next mail from San EYaociaco ive shall havo full .particulars of the Canadiaa'c proponivlo, and probably by t.he rnr.il following ho will be in Sydney to row Triokott on the Parramatta Itivor. Hanlnn'a renown c.s a DCjilIer in well kuo.vn abroad, an shortly after the groafc mnlo'i wish Sadler and Trie-koto, Hsm~ Ion won. tho senior's match at tlio Philadelphia Exhibition, defoatinp; John Higgina, oi the Thames and ijevoral American scullers. It, may lie fivrly aoenmed ihr.t if Ilanlan can boat Higginu,. that by coiiLl beat any uaou in England, as llig^iuo ia ahoufc ou a par with the beat in tho old eo'J.ntry. Tho Cntiadinno aro great on* fcbuaiaitn in aquatic i p irts, and tho bucoooo which r.tfcoiuled ibtirropivoentaluvea at PhilarieN phi a nppo:uvj Co have i»iven a great impotun to rovviaj; and indued them to aspire to the hi-»h honou.ru hold by Edward Trieketfc. Tho Herald adde: — ' The American oarsman bears a hit-h .reputation in li* own country. Hi v;ou tho ouulling I'aco o£ iho G.-nteuniai contest, and ou tho 15th of October last ho met and defeated with tho yrea^out eaoo Wullaco Ross, champiou of Now Brunswick, ovor a fivo-milo course. It waa two and a-'.ialf pji'o to a ibgbost and return — nob a righbmvay raco tuck aa ha v/ill havo to row hero. Th-s timo was 33i? iniuuioa 9 BeconcjD, Triokut v;ill iiecept the challenge, but it ia quite on thu uar.lti that ere Iloulau'Q friends oeod their man and money to tho ai-dipoded they will try if ho ean host Crmrtnay, champion oE tho United States who Iris been prououncad by a diufcinyuisiid E lg'i.ih rower to be tha best oarjmun ha haa tenm in America. i\ visit from Courtnuy i.-i ahnoat aa probable ii :ue from Hanlan, and onu or both will find ,'ie presen champion ready to moot thorn.' Colonial Workmanship. — Duricg- the pant few dayu wo havo ouon invited to inspect two caravan a, built for Mona-a. Cooper, Biiley and Oo.'Bciroua and iaenagcrie by Mr Jobn Robert Bon, of Pitt-iUraet couth. They sre really firot 0laE3 articles, and do great credit to tho eotab liehmont which ha- turucd t'ura out. Tho ; cirooo people aro T.'ell ploaosd with them, and Hay that they could noi bo tnrned out as well in New York. Tho under, carriage and wheels are made of hickory and ath. Tho iron work, which ? . has all been mfinufaofcured on the premises, ia of ; a peculiar conotruction, and in both nt:ib and durable. Tho framework io raado of aoh, tho top and bottom oi pine, and the uideo of cedar. The front, through which tho .iniinals are to ba ?: .? Been, io made of iron, and the whole formes a ? strong and seonro cage for tho aoinaalo. The ???? painting on the earriogo Jo done in a highly creditable and artistic umnner. On one Bide io ??-??- the Englioh and ou the other tho American coat ; , ? of arms. Speaking of Mr. Robertson's eatabliah neatBomo little timo apo, She Australasian aayt: . .—Tbe fac'ory of Mr, John Robertson, of PifcL ,. ', street, wa3 founded in 1845 by a in an and a boy. 1 ? - Now employment ia afforded for a, hundred hands. Tho euiftbliabmenfc ia said to bo the ruout ?'! extenaivo in th) Australian colonies. Vehicles of all deacripiioa!! — from the elegant carriage ?; to the unpretending aprin^-cart— aro roanufac : tured. Axles, brr.Ueiicrewu, navec, and ppokes are also mndo ou the premises. These materials , ore extensively used by the wheelwrights of this ' ' colony and those of Queensland. Mr. Roberto eon has as many medals an there was clasps on the dtcoratioLB of the veterans who Qerved daring the Ptuisular campaign. Ho io under the impression that if vehicles are allowed iato the colony duty free, the raw material — varnish, paint, nud black j^pan— should be admitted duty free. 'I enn manufjicturo a vobicla from American timber and furnituvo,' said Mr. Robertson, ' and then sell it at twenty-five per cent less th.-.n the prico of the imported article, j J. M'Lean and Sonp, oilverrinirha, &o.t; have on view at th»ir premises, 21, Hunter-street , a very fkeepecinaon of their art, in the nhape of q memorial chalice for the Rov. Father Slattory, of St. Benedict's Church, Sydney. The desigu ia thoroughly eccleoiaatical, and the enrichnienis very artistic. On tho facea of throa of the projootioasfrom the ba'l are engraved ihreocf the Patron Saints, end on tbo fourth projection there are a cross and blaze. There- ore also four : engravinf-8 o*n the foot illustrotiny tho last supper, Cnrut praying in the pas-den, tho Cruci fixion, and the Aooenoion, These are dividd by four richly chased crockets renting ou the base, which ia enriched with sprays of shamrock, trench scroll work, and mounted with four Goto of crystal forming shamrocks Tho whole of tho workmanship hats been executed on the premisf3, and is well worth notice ao a specimen of ooloniol nrfc. In our laofc issue we.ntated that tho consump tion of gao iu Victoria, caused by tbe use of Walker' a Patent Gas-cooking Btovea was 600,000 feet per annum, instead of which it should havo been decribod as 6,000,000 feet per mouth. This bein(» a looal industry, the manufacturer ought to command sonness, inasmuch as hj guarautoca their utility. 'Wo arc informed that tho pro« prieior ia authorised to ruler intending pur chasers to thoae who have boen already sup. plied with this apparatus, and that au expert Will bo always available at the factory for^tho naa of tho public, and every information given there. A history vx the reforms in ciokory likely to baoiuaod by tho jntrodueiiion of thia natont ia given iu fall in our other ooluamct Tamwobth — Our correspondent writeo ; — A pigeon inatoli came off ou the? racecourse yi-iter- c d,-,y Io ween a team selected from the New E««» rJ [and marksmen and a team cbo&oa; to repreGpnt \ Live.) pool PiaJno Tbo f hooting was very in- ( ferior on tho whole. Tho match resulted in n I victory for Liverpool Plains bv nim bird. Mr. 1 Eathor, of Bogabti, one of lhe Liverpool Plains t men, sueneodtd in securing the valuahlo silver i cup, which was to be awarded ta the li'ghost i scorer in tho match. The dinner given io the ( vioilinr; team took plaoo at Mr Lamb3r;.'s Com- i mercial Hotel in the oveninp, Bud passad off : very DuccfS^fully. — On Snndny we had another ' of i hone visitationo which have bruin bo frequent i hero of late, i.e., a dunt- sform, followed by a fow 1 light showera of rain. We have had some very 1 hot weather ninee, but no rain to apeak of. | The Raruington.—A telegram to the Herald ', says: — Mr. Watt brought to Newcastle, on Saturday, a cake of gold, weighing twelve : pounds, from Watt and Driscoll's first crushing1 at the Rainbow claim, Barrington diggings, out ' of ninety-seven tons of stone. Fifty-six ounces i were taken previously from the same, making' about two ounces per ton. At the crushing* of Mountain Maid claim, by hand, of ore, fifty pounds oi stone realized about twenty-three ounces of gold Heavy rain fell on Sunday at Newcastle, aud it ia expected that the rain is general. It was heavy at Scone in the afternoon. Bain has : fallen generally up country, Coub's Hill End and Bathurst coach went over the siding- on tho hill coming- down to Sofala on Monday last. The vehicle rolled into the gully. Three lady passengers all escaped unhurt., but the driver had three ribs broken. New Zealand. — A telegram dated 'Welling- ton, Tuesday, nays :— Sir George Grey loot hia temper yesterday, when tbe Governor refused fco veto the Laod Bill on his advice, aud said he wou'd go round the colony and induce everyma to diuounce the G-overnor. When the Speaker presented the Appropriation Bll the Governor refused to assent; to it. The Land Bill xva? presented, and, after much discussion ia the Cabiuot, Sir George Grey reluctantly signed a rtooiutnendat'.on for asaenfc being given to the liiil In conEetiuonoe of Sir Gootpe G-rey'a action in reference to thia measure, two of bio sup porter?, for whom portfolios were intended, have formally severed their connection with. him. People are goaerally shocked at his unconstitu tional action. Seizure opTimber at the Murray. — On Wed nc-oday (the lliverine tleivdd reports), a seizure of timber was made by the New South Wales Custom- house. Information waa received that a large quantity of timber had bjen taken across the Murray from Mr. Barbour'a Victorian mills fco bio New South Wnleti mill at Cornelia. Mr. Boyd, assistant officer at tbe Moama Customs houeo, wno dispatched to make the seizure. Tbe suspected timber, which was duly taken po: session of by Mr. Bjyd, amounted to 50,000 feet, all of which, if actually crossed cs alleeed, was-liable to the New South Wales import duty of la. per 100 feet. Charge op Fraudulently Obtaining Money' prom a Building Society, — Tiie Glen Innes Guardian reports tho hearing, before the Glen Tunes Bench of magietrates, of a case Retina v. S. B. P.edgale, in which defendant; wag charged under the 73r?l clause of tho lacolvonoy Act, with having obtained, on the 17th of September, 1875, in a fraudulent mannor, S1941 183 from the Glen Innes Bnilding Society. Mr. Proctor, assisted by Mr. IPerguoon, coiiducted tho prosa euiion ; and the accused was defended by Mr. Windeyer, who was instructed by Mr. R. B. Smith, of Syduey, a Risked by Mr. W. C. Mel ville. From the evidence it appeared th&t; in 1875 defendant waa chairman of the board of directors of tho Glen Innes Building Society, aud that ho made application for a loan of £2500 on certain property known as the Com mercial Hotel, situated in Gray 'Street, Glou Inneo. It was eventually agreed to lend £2250, £1941 18s o'f which sum he received, tho balance being absorbed in sitcessary legal expenses. A mortgage of ths proporty was prepared, but tho property was at this time really owned by oue Jainen Barry, with whom, however, defendant was making 'arrangements to complete tho pur« ehaue of it by him from Barry. Evidence was I g'iven by Mr. Kearney, solicitor for the cociety, who prepared the mortgage, that defendant had showed him a cheque for £1700, with which cheque he waa going to pay Barry tho balanoe dub to him on tho purchaso of tho hotel, by placing the cheque in the Commercial Bank, and releaah'g the detds of the property, and that a few daya afterwards defendant represented Lhab Barry was olaiming £1863 15a or £ld-i 15*3 in e:zosE3 of what was actually owed, whioh excess defendaat deolincd to pay. Defendant had an equitable title to the property. There waa a Guifc in equity between defendant and Barry; and before its conclusion defendant sequestrated' hiu esta'o. Bariy appears to have received £300 on tho purchase, and defendant aeeins to have been anxious to meet hia engagement with the Booiety, paying back with thia object £131. 69 G 1, and surrendering to the .society eomo investing sharoo. Barry explained tho contract for tha sale .of the property to be one by whioh defendant was fco purchase the pro^ perty at a prico of £2000, £500 of whioh oum was to bo paid in cash, and tho balance was to extend over five years, boarip-» an iutereofc of 7 per cent, per annum. The contract wau never carried out, however ; the defendant never had a conveyance from Barry, and ho had no authority, according to Barry, io give tho Com moicial hotel property as security for any debt he contracted. Tho accused way committed for trial at the Armidalo Assize Court. Bailv/'aa allowed ; prisoner £100, and two aeouritioa in £50 each, 'and bail was forthcoming. Grknpull.— A Telegram dated Thuraday naya it io raining heavily, and theraia every up- pearanoe of a continuance. ? 1 ? Personating a Priest.— A sensation was laused at the Murrunmdi Police Office (says the Cimes1), on Tuesday by tbe trial of a person vho represented himself to be tbe Itev Michael -egan, a priest of the Roman Catholic Church. Jnder various pretensions in connection with lis sacerdotal character he had succeeded in ob .aining sums of money at various places, we inderstand, along the northern road, calling at ill the principal towns, but devoting tho pro seeds to the one object apparently of his life, ;hat of procuring intoxicating liquor. In pursu mce of the order of the Bench, the prisoner ivas removed to Maltland on the following day ;o undergo two months' imprisonment with liard labour. Before his removal, however, care lied been taken to divest him of his professional garb, and to make his appearance as secular as his practices. Severity op Drought in the West.— As en instance of the saverity of the drought in tho Mudgee district,- we instance (says the Mudgoe Times) the fact that, during the laofc fev? weeks, several wombats have deceoded from fcho parched up ridgea into the town, no doubt ia search of food aud water. Last night a kangaroo war. caught in Mortimer-street, really an ' poor as a rat, 'seek ing gustenanoe near civilizodiiabitatiorjo, which, in better aeauons, it would not condeo cend to visit. The little fellow was a mere aiiiciul of bones, and took readily to brood, or indeed any thing he c, uld get to eat. Till;; Haevest. — The Moruya Examiner re poi ta that tho farmers are cut ing their wheat remarkably early thiu year0 reaping generally CJiamencing a week later than this. The dry windy weather we have had lataly io euppoaed to bo the cause of tbo early harvest. The ore ps of wheat are lookiog ppleadid, but those near the town are very slightly uffeoted. with rust, though not sufficiently bo to deteriorate the value of the wheat. At Kiora the ruot ha3 not mado itc appaarance, and we anderafcaLd from good authority that oonae of the crops in that part will turn out forty bushels to ths acre. JMot miihstandicg the dry weather the crcpo generally are looking remaikably well. The Wollongong Coal Trade. — The coal trade of this port (remarks the Wollongong Mercury) lias been unusually brisk of late, Belmore Basin seldom being without a few vessels waiting their turn to be loaded at the shoots. A very pleasing feature in connection with this increase of trade is the fact that several of the vessels frequenting tho port are from M elbourne. At present there is one vessel for &'i elbourne loading with coke in the Basin, and two or three others waiting their turn for coal, ds a consequence of all thi3 the mines and miners are in continual work. They have also more than they can do at Bulli. A Wind Fall.— A few days since, Mr. Ritchie, manager of the Maribyrnong Meat Works, received a communication from New South Wales concerning two men, brothers, named Conway, who are at present at work at his meat works. It seems for the last few years some parties have been advertising for them. A rich relative died some years back, and has left a large sum of money, between £80,000 and £100,000, for the brothers. Cootamundrv. — A telegram tsaya as fche contractor's onuine 'Gang Forward,' with a number of trucks being pushed in fronfc, was re turning from the head of the Hue, at 8 o'clock on Tuesday, it ran into a mob of cattle. The concussion threw the trucks off the line, and one mm was killed, and others seriously injured. A number of trucks were smashed, but tha engine was net damaged. Cricket Extraoedinary at Adelaide. — The score of 100 runs hao never yet been made by an individual player, on the Adelaide Oval, but on Saturday, December 1, 99 runs were oba turned by Mr. George Giffen, of the Norwood Olnbj in a match againet North Adelaide. This inning3 was, ia the ilegibter's opinion,, the grandest ever seen in South Australia — not oven excepting thooe of some of the English players who have visited here. His cricket v/pb faultless, and his scoring pariioularly rapid. He made 90 of his ruua in an hour and a half, against fairly good bowling. Not a singlG maiden over wao bowled while he wau at the wickets. This, coupled with Mr. Griff n's many other excellent performances nnd bis great; skill os a bowler, justifies the feeling that hao long prevailed in thio cjlony that he might vary fairly be abked to join the Combined Australian Team about to visit England. The Kelly Testimonial.— By the last mail the Mayor received the following lotter from A^ent^Ganeral : — Lindon, 3. Weotminater* ohkmbern, Victona-streefc, S.W., 26th October, 1877\. Sir, — I have tho honour to aoknowledgo the receipt of your letter of the 21at Auguofc last, relative to tho address and testimonial which you desire to present to Mr. Harry Kelly, the tiaiiier of tho champion onrginan, Mr. Edward Tricketfc. I have also duly received from Captain Hynes, of the Whampoa, two caseu containing tho addreos and testimonial, together with your letter ot the 21a fc August last, introducing Captain Hynes. I ahall have great pleasure, in compliance with your wioboa, and on your behalf, in presenting your gifti to Mr. Kelly, I reg-ret that I have 00 yet bean unable to do so, aa pressure of matter for today's muil hao eb'iged mo to poaU pone tho presentation, for which, hor/u ever, I will now arrange an early day; aud by tho San ]?re,nci3co mail of the 15th proximo, I hope to iatimat3 to yors tho fulfil ment of your commiaoion. 1 propose at tho 3amo time to present to Mr. Kal]y,__ia complinnco with a requoob reoeived from Mr; Gooryo L., Curtur, the sum of £125, which that gontlomua hao remitted to me as the result of a uubQCi'iptiou by Mr. Kelly 'a Henda in Now Gouth Waleu. I havo tho honour to be, Sir, your obodiont servant, William. Forater. The Right Worshipful James MerrimaD, Mayor of.Syduoy, New South Waleo.' 