COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to fotward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those pas sages to which they desire to direct attention, and when cuttingB are enclosed, it is desirable they Bhonld have attached to them the name of the paver from which they are taken, and the date.] Mr. Martin Forde is announced to open his panorama of Australia and New Zealand in ; Launceston on Ttiuraday, the 1st of Feb ruary. SYDNEY, JAN. 25. Dear Sir,-I find in your ieeue of the 20 ch a letter Bigued " H. II.," from California, re flecting severely on the place, the people, and especially the theatrical managers, and I feel , convinced that a few lines from one of the latter may, in a measure, set right what your [ correspondent has certainly seen through ejts blinded by prejudice. Therefore, to commence, I admit that San Francisco is a city of whirr, whizz, bustle, harry, and Harry to those who choose to live that kind of a life, and that your dinner of a dozen dishes is (if you so desire it) pat before yon at once. I even acknowledge the coffee; but. in that case, it is only done in the lunch houses, where for the price of a drink, equal to fivepence, these things are eerved free. To any unprejudiced traveller who has been there I submit my assertion that San Francisco is the cheapest place to live in the civilised world ; and, to prove it, 1 will name the following astbe expenses for a single man for one month. There are many that we call first-class hotels, such aa the Lick, Occidental, and Grand, at which a gentleman can be accommodated with bed room, large, airy, and beautifully furnished, with every convenience, even to luxury, in cluding gas and spring mattrass; mealB served in a grand diningroom, capable of seating nearly two hundred guests, together with the use of magnificentparlours.readingrooms.&c.; meals cooked to order from a bill of fare con taining every fish, meat, fowl, vegetable, and fruit in the market, consisting of four meals per day-breakfast, from 5 till 11 a.m.; luccb, from 12 till 2 p m.; dinner, from 5 till S p.m.; supper, from 0 till midnight-and all this for 10a. per day, or £12 per month, with out any extra charge whatever. Here of course you pay for style and the beBt living in the land. A man of modest retiring habits, who simply wants to live well, with out ostentation, can rent a room, well furnished with every convenience, for £2 per month, and live in one of the many restau rants for Is. per meal. This meal will con sist of, for breakfast, a choice of beefsteak, mutton chops, veal cutlet, ham and egga, fish or any made dish, coffee or tea, hot cakes or fruit, with hot and cold bread, tomatoes, radishes, celery, &c.; for dinner, a choice from a dozen kinds of soups, a choice from any known roast or boiled meats, and pud ding or pie; for supper, a choice again similar to that of the morning's repast, and this in a.restaurant in every sense magnificently appointed. Or for 4a. a day he can have two meals per day in the French or Italian Caf£, where you are served with soap, fisb, entries, roast or boiled meats, vegetables in abandance, pastry, fruits, a pint of claret or white wine, coffee, and Cognac. Of course there are many cheaper places, but now I am naming places which for style exceed anything I have seen in Sydney. And now, having said BO much in favour of onr style of living, permit me on the same subject to remark that you cannot find an botel where (as here) the joint is placed before you, home fashion, and which I like very mnch; but «s our hotels accommo- . date from 100 to 2,000 personB it would be rather awkward to aBk a guest to carve the poose or help his neighbours to greens. These comforts can be found in our private boarding-houses, and theyarewithoutnumber. With regard to the hurry over our meals, that d epen dB entirely on the in clination of the party, aB you will see by the houn set apart for the various meals-six hours for breakfast, two hours for lunch, three hours for dinner, and three hours for cupper, making out o! 21 hours 14 that may be devoted to replenishing the inner man. Thus I hope I have thoroughly and satisfactorily disposed of the first part of the complaint of "H H." Next he findBfault' for some Australian artiBta who have failed. That is not the fault of the country, nor yet entirely the fault o! tbe manager; the blame in the case of Miss Carey must be laid at the door of the Australian press, who extolled her talents beyond their deserving. That Miss Carey is a very good juvenile actress cannot for a moment be denied, but when she attempts such parts as Galatea, in a city where the play has been made famous by such artists as Bella Pateman, Annie Graham, and Carlotta Le Clerc she must expect adverse criticism and bad houses; but that in her proper position she was appreciated is a fact for as soon as she subsided is a star, she was engaged to fill the position of juvenile lady at the Grand Opera House, at a salary of 20 guineas per week, which I am told is more than double what she ever earned in this country. This, I should think, will settle the fact that talent is appreciated, when properly presented. And now for the combination- Jeannie Winston, Clara Thompson, Henry Bracy, Edward Farley, and Arthur Bell. They were brought out by an Australian agent, P. H. Kerby, who had the audacity to announce them as W. S. Lyster's Grand English Opera Troupe from Australia, and of course they failed. Why should they not? Is Mr. Bracy for a moment fit to bold the position of leading tenor ? or Miss Thompson soprano ? or Miss Winston contralto? I can answer for San Francisco, certainly not. Mr. Farley was acceptable, but one singer does not make an opera company, any more than one swallow makes a summer. Next, your correspondent says, " you will have learnt that Miss Emilie Melville has not resumed her popularity on her retain." Miss Emilie Melville's last engage- ment in California, before sbe went to Aus tralia, was in the stock, as soubrette, at the California Theatre, and in that position she was very popular, but the people of California would not accept her as prima donna in operas made famous by Parepa Rosa and others. Now with reference to the stigma on the managers. All business men are liable to break, especially when they trust to the advice of such men as have represented Aus tralia as agents. That Mr. Maguire is " broke" I have no doubt, but the slur thrown out with reference to a " man of straw," &c.;, is unjust. He has been a manager for 30 years, and has had many ups and downs, but in that time has never been made a bankrupt, nor till now have the people in his employ ever lost their salaries. How many managers elsewhere can say as much ? And with reference to the standing of other Californian managers it is only neces- sary to point to John McCullough, for seven years manager of the California Theatre, during which time the doors have been closed only twice, and each time to make improve ments. The first time he expended £10,000, and the second time £3,000, and has never been known to be an hour behind time when the ghost should walk. A great deal has been said detrimental to California, on account of the brutal conduct of Herne toward Miss Carey. What more could California do than offer Miss Carey every inducement to remain and make it so uncomfortable for the ruffian that even the theatre, of which he was only stage manager, was compelled to close its season. Now with regard to the intense hatred for Englishmen and Australians. More than one half of the actors and actresses on our stage are English, and where is there a more popular actor and gentleman than Henry Edwards, the Austra- lian actor, connected with the California Theatre from its opening to the present time ? You of Australia have equal cause of complaint on account of the many per- formers who have been sent to you from America being represented as great artistes, &c.;, when, in fact, they, in most cases, are not tolerated in America, except in stock or subordinate positions. It must be remem bered that America is not the market for Aus tralia to look to look to for talent; it is too expensive. Talent of a high order is paid too well in that country, with its 44 millions of people, to think of coming here. There Edwin Booth's lowest terms are £150 per night; Barry Sullivan actually refused £100 per night for a re-engagement of six weekB, after 48 performances. The Vokes received £650 per week, Sothern's terms are £100 per night; therefore what manager in Australia could afford the terms, to say nothing of the time wasted in coming and returning ? Theatrical, like any other busi ness, is a commercial one, and must be looked at from an £ e. d. point of view. Coals here are wtorth 14a. 6d. per ton, the same article in California is worth £2 4s. Would you not dul a man a lunatic who shipped coal from £&n; Francisco here ? Miss Carey is worth in California 20 guineas per week, here she can command £10. Is an artist sane who comes here expecting to better his or her condition with this state of facts staring them in the face ? Again, the Rev. Charles Clark, a local Australian favourite, did not draw in California. Why ? Because a lecture on the Tower of London, by the Rev. Charles Clark, in a theatre, is not a subject that the average American cares to pay a dollar to listen to. And, in conclusion, I would say, let every artiste who contemplates visiting America first learn something of the wants of the people, and if they have what is required they may depend upon getting more money than the same article will bring in any other part of the world. Nearly every star in America is English, and because they come here via California does not make them American. Joseph Jefferson, James Stark, Mary Gladstane, Sisters Zavistowski, Edwin Adams, the Williamsons, and Emmet are the only American stars that I can call to mind who have been here, and, I believe, in every case their talents have been acknowledged. Yours respectfully, SHERIDAN CORBYN. WELLINGTON, N.Z., JAN. 19. I Bend yon the following itemsMr. Emmet arrived yesterday and opens to-night, having made op bis mind suddenly not to go on to Auckland as he intended. He will probably go on to Napier after hia six nights nere, and possibly to Auckland with a small company; Mr. De Lia's terms not suiting. The Hawea brought up yeaterday, besides Emn)et, Hegarty's combination (which breaks up after four nightB) and the giaut. Sir. Lingard and wife are due on Sunday from Napier, and open at the Royal on Fri day-following Mr. Emmet. Mr. Shepperson telegraphs to say that he will carry on in Dunedin in spite of his failure, and will play Baker and Farron. Reports from the South say that Mrp. Scott-Siddons has not given universal satis faction in Dunedin, though she is announced as a great succes, and the newspapers praiBB her a good deal. Wallace, Carey, Towle, and, others with James O'Brien (whose eye was nearly knocked out by Stanley) as agent, have organised themselves into a minstrel company to do the two islands. Hart and wife and Luscombe Searrell (pianist) have done the same, and Heggarty takes Henniche, Mick O'Brien, and Mifis Harmon round again as his "Combina tion." Baker's Hibernicon joins the American War in Christchurch for a week or two, the gilt business being the chief attraction. There are 26 shows now travelling New Zea land, and the Davenports and Baker and Farton are to arrive. The whole thing is overdone, in fact H. N. Douglas and wife, Dampier and family, and Bates and wife, go to Sydney by the Waka* tip. Hegafty opens herd to-morrow at the Oddfellows' Halt The giant commenced this morning to bad business. J. Li Hall has net with no better eucoeBd in Chnstahurch I this Beason. > > > t Nou&D.; f . The Metropolitan Ltedeit&fel; will meet on Monday evening in thp Athenamm igt one of fcbeir miffed mtiBte&l; gathe'rta ;e». " Ttii -popularity of tbiavbtaety ia shown I y the fact that there an Jrandteda of names « a jta Jiats ~ proposed tcenbem, and that, altl tough tnp aibilitj of becoming amembdrisof the most remote kind, continual additions are being made to the nominees. Perhaps the . Philharmonic Society could borrow a hint or two from the Metropolitan Liedertafel, by way of getting on to a similar track of success. ROME, DECEMBER 19, 1876. Dear-,-I promised you a loog letter from Paris, to give yon the theatrical news, bat, with the best will in the world, I could not fulfil my promise, as I was obliged to leave Patis before the time I had originally fixed, and while we were travelling to Icaly the mail left for BrindiBL I waB present, however, at two interesting first performances, namely " Fromont jeune et RiBler aine," at the Vaudeville, and "Rome Vaincue" at the Franoais. They were both great successes, but the more interesting for us, as you may imagine, was " Rome Vaincue," because it was written by an Italian, a friend of ours, and it was a great triumph for ua Italians to see how well oar compatriot was received by the French public and literary men. The same piece was given here in Rome last night for the first time, but the translation was so bad, and the acting and mounting so feeble, that the success was very indifferent. To give yoa a notion of the extraordinary negligence shown in the mise en scene, it will be enough to tell you that, at the time of Hannibal (the epoch of the play), the scene employed repre sented the Capitol as it eziBts now, built, as I need bardly tell you, by Michael Angelo ! We had also the triumphal arch of Titus, the obelisk of the time of Augustus, and the temple of Vesta in Pompeiian style A D. 88! All this in Rome, BO you may imagine the disgust of the Roman public. The recital of these anachronisms on the Roman stage may perhaps afford some negative comfort to Aue. tralian managers, who are sometimes, I be lieve, taken to task for their neglect of the chronological unities. " Fromont jeune et Risler aine " is a good enough drama, and I think would have a fair success in Australia. It is taken from a novel which had an extraordinary run in France. The novel, however, is much better than the play, the author of the iatter not having, in the necessary process of compression, preserved all the interest;, and the more delicate shades of character. The season here does not promise to be very brilliant, in consequence of the mourn ing for the Ducbess of Aosta. In compensa tion for having very few balls, however, we shall have a very good opera company, aad the beet dramatic company in Italy. I will not finish this letter without present, ing Madame'B best remembrances and my kindest regards. Write me aB soon aa yoa can. Any news of yourself and Melbourne is exceedingly interesting to all of as. -Youre very affectionately, G. CAPRANICA DEL GEILLO, SYDNEY, JAN. 30. At the Theatre Royal daiiug the week "The Lady of Lyons," "Hamlet," "Othello," and "East Lynne" have been produced, and on Friday evening " Across the Continent " was reproduced, but with the exception of Miss Mary Yotuige and Mr, Chaplin, it was not so happily cast as on its previous representa tion. Miss Younge, however, is rapidly be coming a great favourite at thiB house, and most deservedly so. The Italian opera open on Saturday night in " Don Giovanni" They have been very successful at Brisbane. At the Victoria Theatre tbe pantomime closed on Friday evening, and if reward sweetens labour, the management of tills popular house have had a good deal of sweetening. On Saturday there was a new burlesque, entitled " The Loves of Mephia topheles," which is brimful of fan, all the parts being good, bat some of them are very indifferently played. Miss Pixley (is Pluto), Miss Lina Edwin, Miss Jennie Grey, and Mr. Bland Bolt each deserve praise for their effective acting, singing, and dancing. The rest of tbe characters were but very indif ferently played; but the ballet is the most effective yet produced at the theatre, and great credit is due to Ritta, Madame Zavia towski, and M. Zavistoweki, and especially to Mr. B. N. Jones, for the admirable manner in which it is produced. At the School of Arts Miss Christian's con cert on Friday evening was a grand success, hundreds being unable to obtain admission. Need I say that she absolutely charmed her immense audience into enthusiasm. She has consented to give another concert on Wednesday at the Masonic-ball. SAUS PEUK, (TJLLEGRAM ) SIDNEY, THUBSDAY. Miss Christian's concert last night was a brilliant success. The Masonic-hall was crowded with a fashionable audience, under the patronage of the Governor and Lady Robinson. MisB Christian received a perfect ovation. SANSPEUB. 