AN ESSAY, We he . to acknowledge with thank- th?i' receipt of the following ,ssay foum n lady c?O'tlttr;w :- + Living, as I do, a life in which the hands hiave incre to do than the head, strange fthn ci,:s haunt.um in thu compelled holiday of the brain, nud onj of thoso fan cies has lately boeen to piuturo to myself what would first strike a visitor from the Land of Shadows, who had inhabited this globeo at the lhoso of last, or the begimning of the present century. What chalnges this:Splirit wouldl.irst noticc. I dot not mlean in the progrcss of scione;', tf1 did ily imaginatry visitor once lose himself in the contelmpilation of telegr.iphy alone, to take but tine event fromt that wide liehl, I fancy hin so wonderstricken, as to havoe ll hii tpowt5rs of observt',ion ab!sorb. o,nid all other changes unobsetrved, I only give my spirit friind the power to mark the social changes, i' I im.y so tall " habits of thought," " mannear of living," " ail ot life," c., &c.; And this being so, I think one of his first ideas would he the want of earnestness which prevailed in the world to alihll he had returned. I fancy him asking " What do these people. live for ? What ier their aiml ? To what doi their lives tend ? And I think he ,would have to answer hhnself thus:-"- With re?gard to the unL por'tionl of tile collmllluity, their whole end and aim ? is to make money with the greatest piossiblo anmolllt of eilse to themselves, without any of tile steady, p'o Iling industry of their grlandtlthers. They have 110 real love for tihe beautifi l l1:il .,i th tir adoption, no wish to make in historical markl on that yet unwritten page, no ambitions droeam for the children born to themo in this counltry ot the siln, no wish that the old 'Fatherland should be proud of the sons, who, linding themselves oramped for room in the homiu of their progonitors, resolved to try what fortune had in store for them in the world unknown to them. In the time when I lived on this globe I and my conteolpornries had fauts, many vices, if you will, but we had also high aims and noble thoughts. We drank, it is true, more than we ought, we gambled some of us, and, to a great extent, our conversation was garnished rather freely with oaths, but we were careful that our women and children should be kept from the knowledge of aught that was impure. When we drank we did not do so in the light of day, and in places whe:o no man calling himself (or wishing others to call him) a gen tlioman, would be seen to set his foot and if we ga,?bled, we did so with gentlemlen in private, not in company with men of whose character we knew nothing, and whose social standing we knew to be infinitely below, our own. - We kept our homes pure. We showed respect and reveronce for virtue when we met it, and we tried to leave some mark, if it were but ia smdll one, in the time in which we lived. Above all, we were earnest in what we did ; vo dilt not make a jest of all lin!'h and noble words that were but the echo ,if high andl noble thoughts. We enjoyed our joki;s, but they were not the coar'l elforts at wit I hear arounld me now, and nlur whole lives were not i joke, as swems to he tie case with the present generation." And now, leaving the ghost of the past to finish his re lli.ctirs lone, or t.i retire to tle rest fiom which I have disturbed him, let uIs of the pre. sent iask ourselves whether his strictures upon us (granting him to make such as I have im:iginel), are true or false. I fear, if we are candid and sincere, wo must acknowledge they are but too true. I have a largo circle of acquaintances, and yet, as I lay down my pen, and picturo to myself each head of a lhnioshold, thther, hulsband, britler, or son, as tile case may be, I do but reach the middle fianer of my loft hand (lain counting with my right), when I pause, and after trying to think of one more to add to my list, am feign to confess that, with ihose three exceptions thllre is not one who thinks of his respoDsi bilities, who tries to form his own life so tiat those around hiin may wish for no higher earthly standard, whose practice is such, that seeing it his household needs no preaching. Much has been said and written of the fiivol ous lives of the " women of the period," and in the cry raised againet those lives by the Press no one (unless their stand ird is indeed a low one) can fail to honcur; but let the " men of the period" reform their own lives before they look for reformation in tile lives of those who are emplha'ically the "' weaker sex." " What the husband is the wife is," and acknowledging, as we must do, the truth of the Laureate's words, we imust see that wte are justified in taking those words with a broader meaning, and realising the fact that " what tile man is the woman is." In " Lockhart's Life of Scott," there is an inecdote told of the father of tlhe ,great novelist throwing a cup and saucer out of the window because his wife had given a cup of tea in it to a man whom hle considered had polluted it by his touch. Mrs. Scott had shown a more than ordinary curiosity to dis cover who her husband's secret visitor was, and had been thus sternly reproved. " What wife would stand suoh a reproof nowadays?" asked a gentleman of a lady in my presence. The lady was imute, but site might have answered the question by asking' another, "What hus. band is there nowadays whose own life is so pure and true, so wrought up to tile " light that is in him," whose actions iare isulc that lie can afford to show such justice without mercy as the stern old 8tcotohman," not withstanding his narrow-imindedness, and bigoltry. ' What is it to be a gentleman T' asks 'Thackeray, in hi lecture on Georgo the IV., "Is it to have lofty aims, to lead a pure life, to 1ketp ytur womien virgins, to have tie esteem of your follow-citipens, and the love of your fileside, to bear foitune meekly, to suller evil with camnstancy, and, thr'mgn evil or good, to maint'in truth always I Show me tlie happy maln whose lifo exhibits these qualities, and him we will salute as a gentle ima), wlurever his rank may be." And I say to the men1 of the present generation, " Try to reformim your lives by tihe standard here set you by one whose own lifl no critic can cavil at, iand you may be sure that your wives and daughters will cry to be worthy of such hus bands aud .fathers. Two tLhoLuLsIn wno are now emlplloyed nihlit and daiy upun thtu 'aits Exhibition buiilding. iyranInical uots are still roportedi fromii TIuikey. TIho papis of the mººilitary schooni ,t !.iiat; ttiiwpla havini Sigu0l at (,r dlo ie c ll Af .ultutuut lkushla, they ivIUo ftuill uitnnl togethe, andl tha writer "of I ha atittout nydareu to reut'j1'o. X00. Iasllws. Ha led tIFtfr Ieuiai-'euun 100. 