THE M"i£TEEIES OP CRIME; OB, The Experiences oe ah- EnufBiTEGH Detective.—Xor XXVIII. [Published hy special arrangement! with the ■' Author.] A LONG CHASE AND A STERN CHASE. I don't know why I disliked Huggett— " The Crawler," as he was called. There was even a spice of hate in the feeling- —a deep-rooted aversion or disgust. S ime simple-minded people may think that we. should hate aU thieves. But we don't; we have our likes and dislikes, "just the same as other folk." Huggett was an ugly, dark-skinned, shifty-eyed villain—a stealthy thief—full of plots, and as deep as the grave; but that was not the cause of my hate. That lay deeper—so deep that I could never get" at' it. It was something about the man—something repellant and horrible —but what that something was I never could tell, even to myself. "Could you believe it ? Huggett's got work!" some one said to me one day, while we were chatting about " our bairns." "It's a fact—down near the foot of the Canon gate, in a baker's shop!" "Ina baker's?" I incredulously echoed. " "What can he do at that ? He was a brass founder originally—a foreman, too—before he came down by the run by stealing thirty pounds worth of copper and brass." "Yes; but he does not work at making the bread; he only carries it out to the customers." " "What in the world has set him to that? Does he get much ?" . " Twelve bob a-week." I was surprised—completely taken aback by the news. I did not think it impossible for a thief to turn honest, though the thing is certainly not an everyday occurrence; but Huggett, "The Crawler"—the man who had such a mortal aversion to work that the most stringent prison rules seemed to have no effect on him ?—no, I could not believe it. "I think you're mistaken," I simply answered. " I'll believe it when I see him carrying the loaves." "That's just why Ibelieve it. I saw him at it yesterday." " You did ? Then it's true." I said no more aloud; but at once, and very decidedly, I thought to myself— "There's something in the wind. I wonder what it is. I'll keep an eye on Mr. Huggett." One peculiarity of " The Crawler " was that he was always indulging in petty thefts, or planning great robberies; with him there was no intermediate stage. Which was he at now? I did not for a moment credit him with "turning oyer a new leaf"—unless that meant entering a new sphere of crime, Whether this was prejudice on my part will appear before I am done. Studying the thing over in my mind, and setting down all I knew of the man's nature and the degrading sacrifice which he would consider he was making in this new line, I concluded that he was "crawling"—that is, stealthily working towards some great object. No petty thefts would repay him for sweating and toiling day after day under a heavy baker's board; and I knew that, like a number of his class, he had an insane idea of some day making a grand stroke and then retiring from "the profession." I say "insane idea, because such thieves never seem to realise the fact that they are like horseleeches—letting out quite as fast as they suck in. "Lightly come, lightly gone," is the invariable rule. Now, having settled that he was after something noteworthy, it was natural that I should look out for the intended victim. As natural was it—seeing, as I did, only the surface of things, and not being nearly so deep as the man who occupied my spare thoughts—that I should plump on his new employer, the baker. The conclusion was rash, and wrong entirely, as I shall show, but it was natural. Of this baker, then, in a roundabout way, I made some cautious enquiries. But I found myself at fault. The baker knew in a vague way the character of the man he employed—had received no forged character or recommendation with him— and simply took care of himself by trusting the man in nothing. Huggett was his porter working hard for two shillings a-day— nothing more. I had no idea of hunting down the man simply because he was an old gaol-bird; but I must say that I let him and his move ments out of my mind reluctantly, and in doubt. I was balked—mystified—but not blnded. One round with Huggett in his daily calls, if I could have had it, would have opened my eyes. This was how it came about. Down past the Abbey Hill stood a large self-contained house, at which Huggett called twice every day—in the morning with rolls, and in the afternoon with bread. The three servants—two of them light headed girls—were charmed and delighted 'with the new hater's man. He chatted to them—joked with them—flattered them— and gained their favor and confidence as no baker's man had ever done before. He was a single man, too—he told them so—and thoughhe wasn't exactly young,nor exactly what you could call good-looking, —there was no saying what might happen.' So the ally things reasoned and thought, as they looked forward to his visits as al most, the only lively thing about the house hey had to look forward to. I don't think that their master, Charles Scott, Esq., would have been mightily pleased at the familiar intercourse that linked his servants with the outer world, had he known of it. He was a gentleman in wealth and position, but had an eccentric distrust of banks, bank-notes, cheques, and bills, and an idea that his wealth was far safer in his own possession, in the tangible form of firm yellow gold. It was comfort able to have his surplus money in the same room with him—to deep with it—on it, in fact; but the circumstance gave him an unquenchable hatred to strangers, loafers, and followers. He was inexorable on this point. The servants kiiew it—agreed to his stringent rules, and theii laughed at them. "He thinks we're bairns a'thegither," chuckled one of them to,the new baker's man one afternoon, about three weeks after the beginning of their acquaintance. " He wad make us intae nuns if he got the chance, but he'll find himsel' mistaken." "He will indeed," choired the thief. "But why is he afraid of a bit sweetheart coming after you? Does he think they would run away with you ?" "No; it's the tin-box he's afraid of." " What tin-box?" "The box he keeps his money in—he sleeps wi't under him. There's a square hole in the mattress for it to fit intae. It's full o' gold—thousands o' pounds, they say" "Jane!" It was the cook, the oldest of the three, who broke in with the. warning reprimand. " Tuts! what's the herm o' speakin' aboot that?" heedlessly persisted the girl. " Oo'r no gaun tae rccn away wi' his box o' gold!" This seemed & good yoke. The girl re membered afterwards that Huggett laughed long and heartily at the remark. He ap peared elated too—suddenly and unaccount ably—and the girl began to think that surely she had said a clever thing. But she was wrong—as people generally are when they flatter themselves. The cause of his. joy was that the information he had been feel ing after ever since he put his head under the baker's board had now come to him unsought and unbidden. " I suppose you would need to run away with him, too, if you tried it?"he laugk " Yes; or get a lot o' lead bullets- in your skin," rejoined the girl. Huggett's smile died away. "What's that you say about bullets^?" he hastily enquired, with such concern that the girl began to fear he was a little chicken-hearted. "Pistol bullets, I mean. He keeps a pair of loaded pistols under his pillow. But, man, ye dinna need tae be feared; he never brings them near the kitchen." "I don't like pistols, nor bullets either," replied Huggett, speaking the truth for once. " If my friend, Mr. Smith, knew there was such a thing in the house, I'm afraid he wouldn't come to-night." " Oh, but you don't need tell him." "Exactly; neither I will. But I must confess that I myself would feel more com fortable if, when you're dusting his room, you could just slip the caps off them. If he heard a noise, he might take it into his head to send a quick messenger down through the floor." " Phi, ha, ha! Oh, Mr. Huggett, what a funny man you are!" cried the girl, to his chagrin taking as a joke what he meant as a serious hint. " But I'm serious," he persisted. "Yes—ha, ha, ha I That's just what makes it so funny!" He gave it up as a bad job. "Well, don't say anything about it to Mr. Smith." " Oh, no, not a word. Is he handsome ?" " I should think he is. He's a great swell, too; so you'll need to mind your p's and q's." " Quite a prince, I suppose put in^tlie cook, who was rather above the age for taking a deep interest in these matters. " Exactly—you've just hit it," stammered Huggett, a little unguardedly. "A great many do call him ' The Prince.'" "4 The Prince ?' Oh, that's delightful!" cried the girls. " Now, don't come without him on any account." " I will not, on any account," emphati cally returned the thief. "What time shall we come ?" "As soon as you please after seven; not much later, for prayers are at nine, and you must be away by then." " Perhaps not," thought Huggett. " That part of the arrangement must be altered." Then he added aloud— " But 'The Prince' cannot come till after eight. The bank that he is principal cashier in does not close till then." Principal cashier!—only to think of that! The girls were in a flutter. " Well, come as soon as ever you can; but don't come without Mr. Smith." " But how are we to getin ?■ If we should be late, it would never do to ring, you know." "Oh, thafs easily managed. We'll leave the outer gate off the sneck, and you can just slip down the area stair and give a gentle knock. No one will hear you." " Yery good; I won't forget. Do they go to bed early ?" "Well, Miss Flora goes to bed shortly after prayers; but her father sits up till 12 and one, sometimes, reading." This last question and answer, even to the girls' shallow intellects, seemed a little off the subject. It was odd, they after wards remarked among themselves, that the baker's man should take an interest in the hour that their employer retired to rest; but then he was an odd man altogether, and tkey rather thought, on the whole, that, if they found "The Prince," anything like agreeable to their tastes, they would throw the baker's man overboard again. And so they planned how they would suit them selves, while Huggett departed and planned exactly the same thing. But the little supper they set themselves to prepare out of Mr. Scott's stores got leave to frizzle and spoil by the fire; for 8 o'clock came and wore past without any signs of the invited guests. Another hour wore away, and then with damped spirits they resigned themselves to the conviction that their intended pleasure was postponed, for that night at least, and went up to prayers. Accordingly, when they returned to the kitchen, it was with real alarm that they heard a tap on the glass of the window. They ran to see the cause, and found Huggett, respectably dressed, and by his side a handsome young man, in hat and gloves, pulling away diligently at a cigar. This last, of course, was " Mr. Smith," or in other words the veritable " Prince of Cheek." The girls, all in a flutter, gently raised the window and spoke through the iron bars— "Oh, what a pity! why didn't you come urtime ? "We can t let you in now, and the beautiful supper is all spoiled." * Never mind the supper, my dear," put in " The Prince," graciously waiving the necessary introduction. " It was you, not the supper, we came to see," and then he launched into a stream of nonsense that fairly took their breath away, and their wits along with it . "What a pity! could we not let them in,'justfor a minute ?"theyrelentingly asked. But the cook was inexorable, and stopped them at once. Huggett's cunning came to the rescue. " It is a pity," he carelessly remarked, "for, see, we have two bottles, and we thought to have enjoyed ourselves." The cook's eyes sparkled, and the frigid lines Qtheffa^soften«4 yisibly. Shelw&d; enquiringly at the girls—the girls looked. enquiringly at her—and they read the thought in each others' eyes. " We'll let them in—just for a minute or two." It was the old story of the wolf and the woodman—they had some trouble to get in, but when they were in they were in no hurry to leave. Indeed the girls were in no hurry to press their departure. "The Prince" carried everything with him—his glib tongue had done the same before with wiser heads, and, as he rattled on, in their simplicity they began to wonder how such a distinguished gentleman game to be acquainted with a common man like Mr. Huggett. The hours flew ]by, the supper was consumed, and then one of the bottles was passed round. In a subdued, cautious way they thus enjoyed themselves, mani festing great interest in tlie construction of the house and the exact locality of the various rooms, and more particularly the sleeping apartment of Mr, Scott himself.' At last, however, when the conversation began to flag, Mr. Huggett twitted the " Prince" with not sending round his bottle.. The "Prince" modestly replied that he would he only too happy, only it happened to contain brandy, a liquor by far too strong for ladies. Mr. Huggett did not think the difficulty an insurmountable one; the brandy was produced, and, after an apology for a slight muddinessin the color, each was with some difficulty forced to swallow a small glassful. This was the last thing the servants re membered. The drink was heavily drugged, and their senses must have left them almost immediately after swallowing it; for not the slightest recollection of any after con versation dwelt in any of their minds. Not a moment was lost. The two thieves slipped off their boots and stuck them in their pockets—took off their coats and hats, opened the area door wide to the back, and placed .them in readiness on the steps, after taking from a back pocket the tools they were about to use—a "neddy" and a "jemmy." Then they crawled upstairs— noiselessly as serpents—straight for Mr. Scott's bedroom. He was in bed, but not asleep as they had imagined, and their first trial of the door made him start bolt up right, and sharply demand "Who was there ?" There was no reply, hut the dull thud of the "jemmy" behind the hinges—a sudden teaiing crash; and as he sprang out of bed, the door burst inwards, and they were upon him trying to pin him to the floor, and stifle his screams and yells for help. "Give him the neddy! Blast you, can't you give him the neddy ?" hoarsely shouted Huggett, almost overpowered. " The Prince" was reluctant, for Mr. Scott was an old man, and his highness, as I have shown, was not all bad, but the look of the other left him no alternative. He brought the leaden head of the weapon lightly down on their victim, and he dropped flat on the floor. A scream—loud and piercing—rang out at tlie same moment from another room, and was followed by the slamming of a door and a light rush. " The tin bos!—quick! you fool. There's some one going to fetch the beaks," said Huggett tumbling out the bed and bed clothes in armfuls with wild haste, as the screams died away outside. " It's do or die now." They came on the mattress, but found no square hole in it, nor tin bos either. " The mattress is double—tumble it out!" cried Huggett, suiting the action to the word. " Ha! there it is at last!" He seized it, tugged it out, felt it heavy and weighty in his hand, and instantly made for the door. A sharp cry stopped them, and Huggett, who was last, looked back to see the pros trate old man, no longer senseless, but rear ing himself, bloody and vengeful, with a pistol in his hand. In an instant Huggett had seized the luckless "Prince," and swung him round behind him to receive the shot. There was a sudden glaring flash and loud explosion, and then, with a terrible cry of pain, " The Prince" staggered aside, and then dropped on his hands and knees. ■ The bullet had ploughed a deep rut along his shoulder blade, and then stuck fast in the flesh. The moment the shot was fired, Huggett, with the treasure under his arm, made a dash for the doorway; but the flash had re vealed all to the old man, and he was on him with a yell and a spring. They writhed and struggled for a moment, but the struggle was too unequal to last. Huggett was powerful and middle- aged, the other was old and weak. He wrenched himself free —raised the tin box in both hands—smash, smash, smash!—and the old man dropped, with his head nearly flattened and fractured ■ with his own gold. Now Huggett made off, with a clear rim down the stairs to the ready open door. He passed the crawling, groaning "Prince" without concern or enquiry on the- stair; and then for the first time a sus picion or fear—-prompted, perhaps, by some of his own exploits in the same way— crossed his highness's mind. The njpment Huggett flashed past him bearing the treasure, the dripping blood, the terrible pain, and his own faintness, were forgotten, and with a rush he strove to make up to his 'flying companion, dropping the neddy in the area passage, and leaving his hat and coat to tell their own tale. I have no doubt he ran fast; but the other, though he carried more weight—nearly a thousand pounds in gold—ran a great deal faster. With many curses, ana some qualms and doubts about Mr. Huggett and his intentions, he was compelled to rein in at last, and conclude that for the present he had best look to his own safety by getting into hiding as fast as possible. Meanwhile, the policeman stolidly stalk ing his grounds down at the Londen- road had been suddenly pulled up by the appear ance of a flying ghost—at least, he would have taken it for a ghost, for it was white, and had'a magical fleetness as it approached him, only it gave out a succession of piercing screams, and that convinced him that it was a woman. It was the daughter of Mr. Scott in her night-dress, and in a state of frenzy and fear bordering on madness. " Oh, for the love of heaven, come with me!" she breathlessly exclaimed. " They are murdering my father, and the servants are all lying dead in the kitchen! Come! come I Don't stare, but run!. I saw my father fighting with them as I passed, and his pistol went off whenever I got out side."f Springing his rattle, the policeman ran, the white figure pn with hh». Other two joined,theinbefore tliey got to the house, and then they found things exactly as I have described them—the servants heavily drugged, the master senseless and bleeding, and the box of money gone. A doctor was procured, the almost mur dered man was attended to, and then the stomach-pump was applied to the servants. While all this had been going on, I was at home, fast asleep; but abortt 3 o'clock a terrific ring at the bell roused me, and then I learnt what Was required of me. Huggett and "The Prince "had had a long hunt after Mr. Scott's money; tee were now to have a turn at it, and instead of the hunters they were to become the hunted. " Get the money and" the thieves at any : cost, or my father will go mad, if he comes round and lives!" was the stem direction : of Miss Scott, and I set to with a will to obey. A few very simple enquiries at the drugged servants, and a glance at the things left behind, gave me the names of the thieves, and I thought that my work would be very easy indeed. Only to lay hands on Huggett and "The Prince," and the latter wounded ? I would soon manage that, as I had done before often. I did not anticipate a run of three thousand miles; had I been told of it, I would have laughed at the bare idea. But I did not find the task so easy. I trotted and trudged in vain, for not a word could I hear of either. If the earth had swal lowed them and the money bodily they could not have been more invisible. I began to: get alarmed. Edinburgh has so many facili ties for a bolt from the country, and the stake was a large one, and in gold, too— solid coin of the realm. As a last re source, IJJran through the chemists' shops— I knew "The Prince" would be chary of; the Infirmary or a regular practitioner —and here I got on the trail. A chemist in the Canongate had sold some lint and bandages to a boy from New- street, who said they were for a lodger who had hurt himself, and through every house in New street I went hunting, till I came on " The Prince," under a bed in a garret, and half delirious with pain and fever. Bad as he was, he eagerly tendered all the information I wanted—between every breath heaping the most horrible curses and reproaches on Huggett for his treachery and greed—and then I had him taken to the Infirmary to have the ball extracted and the wound properly dressed. He was evidently touched in a sore spot—done by another in his own favorite pastime—and the thought appeared to rankle-in his mind and cause him more pain and anxiety than the wound itself. After minutely describ ing Huggett's intended disguise and plan of escape, he enjoined me to "nab him," or he would curse me for evermore. This goading injunction was but a drop in the bucket; and a far more weighty con sideration than even the stolen money was hounding me on to lay Huggett by the heels. This was simply that the loaded tin-box, wielded by Huggett's powerful arms, had done far more mischief than the slight tap of "The Prince's" neddy, and the life of Mr. Scott was despaired of. In the whirl wind of attendant passions, robbery often becomes murder—it looked like it now— and Huggett's expressed fear that it was " do or die, now," began to merge into a stem reality. I made straight for Huggett's "hiding place—a slum in Foulis Close—but arrived just a shade too late. . I turned up every thing, found five sovereigns, secured the whole household, and then made for the Caledonian Railway-Station in the Lothian road. A train from Glasgow and the south was just about five minutes gone, bearing with it notably, among other pas sengers, " a dark- complexioned gentle man, lame, and having a crutch under one arm and a new leather valise under the other." I made so sure of catching him up at the Junction, where he had an hour to wait, that I did not trouble to delay by telegraphing, but just jumped on to a moving goods' train starting for Carstairs at the moment. A word to the driver as to the nature of my business sent us flying through the air at a pace that almost took my breath away, and made stationmasters and solitary pointsmen stare after us in mute astonishment. As we rattled, bang ing and clattering, into the great station, the Liverpool train was just on the move. I saw it at a glance—sprang down, without taking time to thankthe man—rushed across and leaped on the footboard of one of the carriages, heedless of the shouts of guards and starters. The speed of the train in creased, but I had a secure footing and hold, and very methodically pressed up the glass window, let it slip, inserted my head and shoulders, and keenly scrutinised the face of every one of the wondering occupants. Not there. Would I try the next carriage, or accept the offers there and then of the passengers to haul me in through the window ?. I looked along —there were only three carriages, and the speed of the train as yet was not great—I would try the next. Now, to pass from one carriage to another while the train is in motion may be very easy to a railway guard or a ticket collector; but I am bound to say that I did not find the task an easy one. When it came to the wide "leg" between the two footboards, I had a great inclination to pause. But the other car riage so near—and perhaps my man inside —the excitement carried me over. The iron clinches held fast, and I stuck to them like grim death, and got over safe and sound. The first compartment contained two ladies, who screamed out as I swung into sight before their window; the next was empty; the next con tained one passenger, a gentleman, who seemed buried in thought, with his eye resting complacently on a crutch propped in the comer before him. The crash of the window, as I hurled it down, made him look round, with a start and a clutch at the valise at his feet. I knew those eyes, in spite of the disguise, and tumbled in, head over heels, before him, "It's all up, Huggett; you'd better take it easy I" I cried, seeing by the glare of his . eyes and his fierce spring that he meant a fight. But he was too excited and desperate now to-take any advice, even though itwasgiven for his own good, and we closed in a ter rible struggle. I think he must have used a nedcjy, or some such weapon, in the fight, for I re member no more till I found myself in the waiting-room at Carlisle, with two police men and a medical man bending over me. The latter was dressing a cut on the back of my Jiead, and enjoining me to fcsep myself %uiett and not agitate myself by speaking. I lay still for a few moments, recalling everything, and then started bolt upright. " The Liverpool train!' I shouted, " is it gone ?" " Oh, yes—hours ago. You were found in it. The gentleman who handed you out thought you were drunk, as you were lying under a seat when he discovered you," " I must follow—instantly I" The policemen grinned, and -winked to each other in a way that to me wa» both annoying and incomprehensible. I looked from one to the other, and my blood began to boil. " Do you bear me, idiots? I said—'in-* stantly!'" I shouted. " Yes, we bear you, guv'nor, cheerfully returned one of the policemen ; " but you don't, get off so easy. We mean to look after your health for a day or two—don't we, Jim?" And again they winked and enjoyed themselves. " What on earth does the fellow mean ?" My name is McGovan, and I belong to th» Edinburgh detective force." T They yelled—roared with laughter. " Ho, ho, ho!—ha, ha, ha!" He come® it pretty tidy, doesn't he ?" Ho, ho, ho! look here, mister—you're nabbed: so iusfe give it up." ■ "Unless you are a pair of maniacs, I don't know what it means," I got out at last. " Then p'raps you'll lmow what this her» grey vig means which was on your head— eh ?" "Ay, or this 'ere crutch, and yovtx sham, sore foot—eh ?" put in the other. "Or this valise, this hat, this green sur tout, which we took off your hack just now, and this telegram from Edinburgh desenbiag'em all." I stared and stared, and must have looked for a moment as if uncertain of my own identity. " Why—good: gracious 1" he has changed clothes with me!" I burst forth at last. " I daresay he has! — ho, lio, ho!" laughed one, as the knowing winks wero resumed. " That's wot I calls a wernr good 'un!" Wildly I thrust my hands into my trou sers poclcets. "And emptied my pockets—keys, piu'se, watch, and everything are gone !" I criedr with increased excitement and concern. I thought the two would have died. - "Ho, ho, ho! He should play the wir tuous willin at the theayter, he should. Mr. Huggett, as soon as you're ready we'll go," and they howed with much politeness. "You're a pair of consummate asses," I wrathfully returned; "but, perhaps,if yoa can foregojmakingf ools of yourselves for half a minute, you'll look in the valise there and tell me if It is empty." They did look—a little sobered down, I thought; but as I had feared—the plunder was gone. "Take me to your Superinten dent at once," was my next order. "I must' telegraph to Edinburgh for a man to inden tify me. By the time that is done, you will probably have the gratification . of learning that the real criminal has got clean off." That was all that could be done. I was locked up, and waited patiently till 2 o'clock in the morning, when McSweeny appeared, and with many apologies I was set at liberty. We took the" first train we could get hold of for Liverpool, and reached it exactly 16 hours after the good ship Ocean Sprite left the Mersey for New York. As a favor I got a look at the passenger list of the departed vessel, and there in 1 -iu characters had the satisfaction of reading— "Jttr. James McUoyan, Detective." Hoodwinked!—outwitted! — completely balked! I turned to tlie skipping clerk with a white face and a look in my eyes that McSweeny assured me he always knew to mean danger. "When does the next packet sail ?" "No other in this line sails till Saturday, but one of the Cunard steamers starts to morrow." "Good! Thafs mine! I'll go and se cure a berth at once." " And you'll nab him yet—diyil a fear I'* confidently added McSweeny. I hoped so, but did not feel so confident. There was no Atlantic telegraph then, and the vessel containing Huggett, alias "Jamea McGovan," had nearly two days' start of the steamer bearing me, and that is too much to expect to make up in a fortnight's sail. The days wore away, but not a sign, of the vessel we were chasing appeared till we were ^ off the port, when we came up with and passed a vessel in full steam, ana I had the satisfaction of reading, through the captain's glass, the name on her bows, and almost danced for joy when I found it to be the Ocean Sprite. As soon as wa landed I secured a boat, and was the first to board the steamer. I found my man on deck, taking his first and last look at tha country of his adoption, and at onca pounced upon him and swung him round to face me. m " Mr. McGovan!" I cried, with mock fervor and undisguised exultation, as I seized his hand .and wrung it warmly. " How do you do ?" The whole thing came on him so suddenly, and perhaps in the midst of dreams of safely, that he could not utter a word, but gasped, and whitened, and tottered till, he had sunk in a grovelling heap on the deck. My next pleasant task was to relieve him of Mr. Scott's money (which, with the exception off. about twenty pounds, I found sewed into his undershirt) and have him. locked [up.' After a few legal difficulties had been got over, I was allowed to remove him and the* plunder on board a return steamer; and in. fifteen days I landed in Liverpool highly delighted with my trip. Mr. Scott slowly recovered from tho brutal injuries he-had received, hut he was never the same man again. He is dead now, and I am convinced that Huggett'sr handiwork that night shortened his life by some years. But of course, as the law looks at it, as there was no man killed, there could be no murder; and Huggett was simply treated to retirement from active life for ten years. " The Prince" got off with five,^ and; as I may show hereafter, it was his' last conviction. I got five too, but mins were pounds, given me' as a sort of honora* num. I wish, however, that I had seen & little of America when l Was at it. 