.- - -- ? ' -a FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1877. to by the Legislative Council, yesterday, The PnnsiiiFhr reported the receipt of the Bishops of Bathurst, Grafton, and Armidale Lands Bill from the Legislative Assembly which was, on the motion of Mr DockFii, read a first time, and the second leading lived for Wednesday next After some personal explanations in Sir G Insks and Mr Samuel, as to the count out on Wednesday evening the standing orders were suspended and the proceedings for the Ad Eundem Degrees Bill were resumed at the point at which they were then alter adopted There was, the question that this debate be adjourned until to morrow, on which a division, was called for this was now proceeded with, but as there were tellers for the ayes the adjournment was negatived The report of the committee was then adopted, and the third reading of the hill lived for a Wednesday next In answer to Sir E Deas Thomson, Mr Savuki said that the remainder of the return relative to the Pacific Mail Service would be laid on the table at the earliest possible moment, the delay having been occasioned by the necessity of collecting Various details from the Customs department Leave of absence for the remainder of the session was granted to Mr J B Watt the Orange Cattle Sale Yards Bill was read a third time, passed, and returned to the Assembly the second reading of the Vaccination Bill was ad owned until next sitting day, So GouGE Ivvrs evplnuiHig that he did not intend to drop the measure On the resumption of the adjourned debate on the second reading of the Customs Regulation. Bill, Mr S\Muri criticised the provisions of the measure at considerable length, and urged the serious 1011 sideration of them by the Council before consenting to the bill. Mr. Holt and Mr A Campbell generally approved of the measure Sir Ali had Stfphfv said that he had examined the bill, and compared it with the English law, and though there were some alterations and improvements which could be suggested, he generally approved of it Mr T P impivfll, though he thought the bill too long, and containing very little that was never would not oppose the second reading On the motion of Sir Gioiioi Iwfs, the debate was adjourned until Wednesday next the Council, at two minutes to 7 p m , adjourned until "Wednesday next In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Several questions were asked the replies to which will be found in the report in chief. Ministers laid upon the table the following documents, viz. :- Correspondence respecting the obtain- ing of his Excellency the Governor's signature to deeds of grant. Abstract of Crown lands authorised to be dedicated to religious and public purposes in accordance with the fifth section of the Act 25 Vic, No. 1. Return to order in reference to Lithgow Valley siding platform); and return in reference to payments from Treasurer's advance account. Ordered to be printed. On the motion of Mr. Byrnes, for Mr. Clarke, it was ordered that there be laid upon the table of the House? a return showing the cost, &e.;, of the Dun- more, Pitnacree, and Belmore bridges. Albert Dangar's Leasing Act of 1873" was referred to a select committee for consideration and report. Mr. Parkes moved that, during the remainder of the present session, Monday be an additional sitting day, and that Government business take precedence on that day. The motion was no unusual one, having been made at many times and by many Governments. There never was a time when such a motion was more needed. It was necessary that hon. members should put themselves to the inconvenience of having another sitting day if we desired public business to be placed in a proper position. Mr-, Farnell opposed the motion. It had invariably been found that nothing was gained by making Monday an extra sitting day, and the Premier must be aware that such was the case. Indeed he had heard Mr. Parkes himself say that making Monday a sitting day did not conduce to the transaction of any greater amount of public business. Mr. Piddington thought that by sitting on Monday the session would be materially shortened. Mr. Cameron said the Treasurer was more responsible than any other member of the House for the length of the present session. Mr. Day thought the request of the Government a most reasonable one, and he did not see why both sides of the House should not support it. Mr. Garrett was as desirous as any one to have the business of the country expeditiously proceeded with, and he would be not unwilling to give the extra day asked for, if the Government would go on with the Electoral Bill and one or two other important measures. As the Electoral Bill was ready to be laid upon the table, there was no reason why it should not be gone on with if the Government were sincerely desirous of passing it into law during the existence of the present Parliament. Mr. Buchanan supported the motion, and denounced the nagging tactics of the Opposition, whose only object was to obstruct the public business. Mr. Combes thought it would have been much better if the Government had asked for one of the private days, as it would be a serious inconvenience to many of the country members to give their attendance on Monday. Mr. Davies denied that the Government had any reason to complain of the conduct of the present Opposition, without the assistance of which there would not have been a quorum on several Government nights. He was satisfied that to have an extra sitting day would not expedite the public business. Mr. Greville said that past experience had shown that nothing whatever was gained by making Monday a sitting day. He proposed as an amendment that "Monday" be omitted, and that Government business have precedence on Tuesdays. r The Speaker ruled the amendment out of order. Mr. M'Elhone supported the motion. Mr. Stuart was strongly opposed to sitting on Monday. The delay in passing the Estimates was solely owing to the Government being unprepared to go on with the business. The motion, if carried, would not be productive of any good. Mr. Loka considered four sitting days quite sufficient. In Victoria they managed to transact the public business with only three sitting days in the week. Mr. Baker would support the motion if he saw sufncientJGovernment business on the paper to warrant it, but as all that they were asked to do was to pass the Estimates, he did not see any necessity for an additional sitting day. Mr. Charles wished to see the Estimates passed, but he felt bound to vote against the motion, as he could not attend on Mondays. Mr. Lynch also thought Monday a very inconvenient day for country members. Mr. J. S. Smith would vote against the motion. He had always voted against motions of this kind, because country members could not attend on Mon- days without great inconvenience. Mr Robertson did not think that the Government would succeed in getting a quorum of members to attend on five nights of the week. He would take good care that the Appropriation Act was not passed before the House dealt with the Municipalities Bill, the further consideration of which was fixed for the 8th June next. He complained of the demeanour of the Colonial Treasurer, who, without any provocation, was continually insulting the members of the Opposition. That hon. gentleman had displayed the utmost incapacity in conducting the business of the House during the temporary absence of the Premier. They were asked to wind up the session, without delay, but he would like to know what steps the Government intended to take with regard to our defences, and he did not think that the House would allow Parliament to be prorogued! until the Government had given expression to their views on this subject. Mr. Parkes having replied, the motion was carried on division by 22 to 16. The Speaker announced to the House the receipt of a message from the Legislative Council notifying its assent to the Orange Cattle Sale Yards Bill without amendment The Temporary Supply Bill for May was read a second time, and, having passed through committee without amendment, was, reported to the House. The report was adopted. The House resolved itself into Committee of Supply for the further consideration of the Estuuiitcs-m chief Agent General of the colony, £2650 Mr Campwin thought it was time that the House knew what the Agent-General was doing for his money that gentleman seemed to have a good deal of spare time on his hands Mr Parkes thought this gentleman's duties w 94 e pretty well known, although he admitted they were not of a nature to be easily defined He certainly disagreed with some of the actions of the Agent General, especially his strictures upon persons in high position in this colony, and the Government had re- monstrated with him upon that matter Mr RennISON expressed surprise at the course pursued by the Government towards Mr Forster Mr Garrett concurred with the previous speaker, and defended the action taken by the Agent-General If Mr Forster had done wrong in discussing the question of federation, his Excellency the Governor had acted with equal if not greater impropriety in expressing his views on the same subject After further discussion on the conduct of the Agent General, in which several hon. members took part, the estimate was agreed to Industrial schools, £G325 Some discussion took place as to the desirability of establishing a model farm in lieu of the training ship Vernon The estimate was ultimately put and agreed to Biloela Reformatory for Girls, Parramatta River £2879 and Reformatory for Boy s, £2500, were agreed to without discussion Charitable Institutions, £650 A lengthy debate took place on this estimate as to the travelling expenses allowed to the Inspector of Public Charities, several hon members expressing the opinion that the amount was excessive c The estimate was ultimately agreed to Asylums for Infirm and Destitute, £10,500 Mr Cameron moved the reduction of the item secretary (£500) by £100 After some debate, the motion for reduction was put and negatived A subsequent motion, to reduce the salary, having been made, progress was reported, and leave given to sit again The House adjourned at eighteen minutes to 12, till pm, this day, Friday Mr. Farnell, would perhaps improve the form of his resolution with respect to suburban railways if he were to cut out all that relates to detail, and confine himself simply to an expression of opinion that a systematic survey of suburban lines for a distance of ten miles round Sydney should be undertaken. An investigation of this kind should be as free and as little hampered as possible. With the exception of the suburban facilities offered by the one trunk line out of Sydney, the whole suburban area is at present unoccupied ground for railway enterprise and it is expedient, therefore, to study the question as a whole, free from all prepossessions and from all dictation on the part of existing interests. The objection made to the inquiry by a select committee, on the ground that it would practically shelve the question, was no doubt forcible. The session is likely to be too short a one for a select committee to have time to deal effectively with the question, yet an open inquiry to which witnesses could be summoned, and where persons having any suggestions to make can volunteer them, would, on many accounts, be desirable. No disparagement is expressed with regard to the engineering talent of the Railway Department, when it is suggested that outsiders may have valuable ideas to contribute for the question at issue is not solely an engineering question, and a great deal of it lies within the purview of common-sense people who have practical knowledge. The mere self interest, too, that people have in the question of suburban railways is also of "considerable stimulus to their study of the subject. There is no need to be so desperately frightened, as people sometimes are, at private interests suggesting public undertakings. The great feat of legislation is not to construct a railway that shall benefit nobody but a railway that shall benefit as many as possible, and that shall diffuse the benefit as fairly as possible. A pressure of private interests is not only harmless but beneficial, when sufficient play is given to the variety of them. It will be absolutely impossible to make a suburban line anywhere without affecting the value of property and though those who study the question from the point of view of property are, of course, liable to a certain deflection more or less unconscious of other opinions, the personal equation may be easily corrected be- setting one interest over against another. The really best course to pursue would be to have the whole subject inquired into by a commission, if a competent set of persons could be found to under- take the work ; but the present Premier, under the impulse of finding fault with what his predecessor had done has expressed a great repugnance to commissions as unconstitutional. This fact has never been discovered in the mother country, where commissions have abounded, and have been of the utmost importance and we entirely agree with Mr. Robertson with respect to the health commission, which has been principally found fault with, that it was worth all it cost. However, whether the inquiry is to be made in the secrecy of the Railway Department, or whether it is to be an open one, the public, which has a deep interest in its prosecution, will find some method of criticising its operations and perhaps assist- ing in it. Until now, the question has been rather pooh-poohed by successive Administra- tions. The country has had it all its own way, and the metropolis has been neglected. We have now, however, reached that point when one or more suburban railways' would be paying private specula- tions, and the Government is therefore forced into action. It cannot be allowed to play the "dog in the manger," and must either do the work itself or let other persons do it. For many reasons we prefer that the matter should rest in the hands of the Government. Any private company, either running into a Government line, or using a Government terminus, would be in perpetual hot water with the department about the distribution of profits, and the arrangement of details and it would not be well to have two or three sets of railways with disconnected termini, and working different systems. The result would be sure to be either too little competition or too much. Some districts would get neglected and others get over-supplied and railway experience has gone to show that one line to a district well managed and properly supplied with trains is better than two competing lines, neither of which can afford to get a living. For years past, we have pointed out that suburban lines, especially those to the South Head and the ? North Shore batteries, are worth making, if only as parts of our system of defence, and to these we should feel- disposed to add a line-to the north head of Botany Bay. These lines might be so laid out as to serve the double purpose of suburban accommodation and defensible operations. But we are disposed to put the line to Melbourne on a similar footing in this respect, and to regard it as one of our strategic lines. Mr. Robertson has seemed rather disposed to disparage lines to the frontier, and lins argued that we ought to make railways to benefit our own people. But our lines to the frontier are all lines to the capitals of the neighbouring colonies, and such lines will benefit our own people, not only so far as concerns the settlers on route, but by stimulating our commerce and improving our communications. To say that the line to Albury is merely a line to the frontier is only to pay half the truth. It is an important strategic line, and the connection of the different Australian capitals by railway would have a very material influence in affecting the project of any design upon Australia, because the defences of the country would be so obviously improved thereby as to make the project a more serious one. It is fortunate for us that we are in that position that, as regards our communication with the other colonies, lines that are strategic are also lines of maximum convenience for our own people, and in making railways suitable for defensive purposes we are also making lines of the utmost value for our own internal commerce. During the discussion on the Albury railway extension on Wednesday evening, the charges of political inconsistency from both sides of the Assembly were somewhat more plentiful than usual. The Opposition accused members of the Ministry of being inconsistent because they are pushing on an extension which they opposed when the proposition that is now made by Miss. Hoskins was made by Mr. Lackey and the Ministry in their turn had a good case against at least one leading member of the Opposition for resisting the very measure which was unsuccessfully introduced by his own party had a few months ago. Of course it is not given to either; side of the House, as it is not given to the great bulk of fallible beings elsewhere, to see themselves as they see others, or as others see them. The gentlemen on the Speaker's right were not really opposed to the taking a railway to Albury when they resisted a motion to this effect during last session they were merely opposed to its being done at that particular time and in that particular way. And although, so far as we are aware, the Albury extension has been generally advocated as a continua- tion of the present Southern line, and as nothing else, Mr. Robertson has convinced himself that in declining to introduce the Albury extension, as he did when he first took office, he was merely declining to be a party to the construction of a branch line to Melbourne. All this simply goes to show that there is but one thing easier to men than the task of perceiving their own virtues, and that is the task of detecting other people's shortcomings. For ourselves, we regret that Mr. Hoskins and others opposed the Albury extension when Mr. Robertson's Government introduced it; and we equally regret that Mr. Robertson opposed the same extension a year or two ago. The measure that has now passed the Assembly is substantially the one that was before opposed by both sides, and the truth is that neither side has much ground for taunting the other. Both may cry quits so far as the railway to Albury is concerned. And not only in regard to this. There is not a leading politician in the House who might not be convicted of inconsistency by any of the rules by which people usually judge their adversaries. But much that is called inconsistency is simply a natural and healthy change of opinion from a wrong direction I to a right one. An inconsistent man, according to Archbishop Whately, is not a man who holds contradictory opinions at different periods of his life, but the man who holds or professes to hold contradictory opinions at the same time. It is not necessarily creditable to a man that on a great public question he thinks exactly as he thought a dozen years ago, and it is certainly not dis- creditable to him that he has yielded to evidence and changed his mind. The proof that a man has been consistent is often neither more nor less than a proof that he has stood still instead of going on with the world. The elaborate periodical endeavours which a few of our Parliamentary leaders make to show that they have not swerved. from the views they held years ago are often but the outcome of a false theory and concessions to a false popular demand. Changing a wrong view for a right one is not inconsistency. We are not at all sorry that both sides of the Assembly have come around to the right view about the Albury railway ; we are only sorry that Mr. Piddington and his party did not do this twelve months ago, and that Mr. Robert- son and his party did not do it two years ago. Both sides of the House, instead of fighting each other with inconsistency, should congratulate each other on having at last agreed to do a right thing in a right way. We regret, however, that Mr. Robertson could not cover his retreat without squirting a little black fluid over the Herald. But as usual, in his zeal to be angry he has been unjust. He complains that we have accused him of trying to spite Melbourne." The phrase is not ours it was used by a writer in Frazer's Magazine, and we have not endorsed it. We have preferred to describe his policy as he described it himself, which was to the effect that he wished to give our own people " a little more law " before connecting them with Melbourne. A portion of our European telegram of yesterday states that a division of the Russian army . has crossed the Danube, and has entered the Dobrudscha territory. This is the first important success that has yet attended the Russian forces. With the exception of the sinking of a Turkish ironclad the fortunes of war appear to have hitherto been in favour of the Turks ; but the news of yesterday would seem to indicate that the tide has turned, and that Russia has managed to accomplish the first and, in some respects, the most difficult part of the task she has undertaken. The crossing of the Danube has always presented a problem of no ordinary seriousness in any Russian invasion of Turkey. The fortresses on the Bulgarian side of this chief of rivers are some of Turkey's strongest pro- sections against the incursions of her hereditary enemy. Of the three or four lines of Turkish defence in Europe the Danube is the first. The crossing of the Danube at any other available point than the one that has been named, would have placed-the Russians at once in Bulgarian territory, and possibly within easy reach of the object for which Russia is ostensibly waging the present war. Accord- ing to Russia herself the war is primarily for the sake of the Bulgarians. Whether this be really so or not would be immediately shown by any attempt to cross the Balkans in the direction of Roumelia and Constantinople. If the Russians had crossed the Danube between Giurgevo and Rushtuk, or at any other point between Wandin and Rassova, the advance might have been a more serious one to Turkey than the one which is now reported. The forces of the Czar have achieved much by crossing the Danube, but they may find their troubles in the marshy region of the Dobrudscha. The province known by this name extends from the Danube on the north and west to Bulgaria and the Black Sea on the south and east. Its measurement is said to be about 100 miles by 35. It is described as being " perfectly flat and lower than the Danube, in most places marshy, and the deadly marsh malaria prevailing to a degree more fatal than perhaps anywhere else in Europe. In other places it is dry and sterile, and water cannot be obtained by digging to any depth. There are no roads, and even the paths are dangerous to the solitary traveller." According to Von Moltke "An army hemmed in within this dismal plant is exposed" to certain destruction they will waste away without an attack from a foe." It is remarkable that during the Russo- Turkish contest of 1853-54, the Russians under General Luders crossed the Danube at Galatz, and as a matter of course entered the Dobrud- scha territory as at present. The records of the war inform us that the Turkish commander, while effectually guarding the river elsewhere, purposely neglected the shores of the Dobrudscha, " where he know that a Russian army, if he could contrive to detain it there, would perish from thirst and malaria without the expenditure of much shot or shell. on, his part. Omar not only afforded no serious obstructions to Luders in crossing, but look no means to prevent his occupation of the entire region except so far as to retain a few strong places as long as they could hold out." Although at a terrible sacrifice of life the Russians were victorious in the Dobrudscha in 1853 as in 1828. Their object in crossing the Danube in this part is of course that of effecting an easier entrance into Bulgaria than any that might have been secured in a more westerly direction. Whether this object will be gained or not must be seen before very long. The Russians will be as anxious to get out of the Dobrud- ache as they were to get in. The outlets from this deadly province are said to be guarded by fortifications of great strength, and the aim of the Turks will be to make the escape of the Russians from the Dobrudscha more difficult than any possible passage of the Danube would prove. The success of either side may greatly depend on the operations on the Black Sea. It is not improbable that, safely out of the Dobrudscha, the Russians will force their way to Varna. It is all but certain that in that event Varna and Schumla ' will he among the next points to be attacked. For the reasons we have stated the Russian entrance into the Dobrudscha may prove to be a smaller advantage than an entrance into Bulgaria near Rushtuk or Silistria might have been. But the crossing of the Danube anywhere is no small gain to Russia, and it is the first decisive event of importance in the present war. Supreme Court Business To-day easily Court: Johnson v. Bickell, part heard; Bank of New South "Wales v. Lnmhort ; Chandler v. Harkness. Bance Court: Marsden-v. Jackson; Fogarty v. Rutherford; Laing and others v. Bain and others. Master's Office : At 11 a.m., Martin v. Baker, to tax costs. District Court Friday, 18th Mayor's. Sa. Motions : Dingle v. Packer, Ryan v. Bennis, 'Pigott v. Manton, Fletcher v. Horne, Fletcher v. Hiller, Fletcher v. Murray, Paul v. Von Hammer, Hancock v. Simpson, Turner v. Evans. Rehearing: Lemon v. Bennett. Causes: Guest v. Anderson, Blown v. Orchard, Levy v. Weir, Palser v. White, Palser v. Emerson. The Carle. We have been informed by the Superintendent of Telegraphs that the Rangoon and Penang cable will be open for traffic on the 27th instant, affording duplicate means of communication through India. The Indian Government have officially notified that on and after the 27th instant the transit rate through India, either via Madras or Rangoon, will be 7d. per word instead of 5d., as hitherto via Madras; the rates for places beyond India will be raised 2d. per word. The rates for places in India will be, if sent via Madras to the west of Chittagong 8s. 4d. per word; to the east of Chittagong 3s. 4d. per word ; if sent via Rangoon to the west of Chittagong 8s 4d. per word; to the east of Chittagong 3s. 4d. per word. Selling Spirituous Liquors without a License. -At the Water Police Court, yesterday, John Hawkins, summoned for selling spirituous liquor without being licensed so to do, pleaded guilty, and was ordeicdtopaya penalty of £50, with 15s. costs of Court, and £3 3s. professional costs. Defendant, who is a wholesale wine and spirit merchant, acknowledged that he had sold less than the quantity allowed by law. Sydney Mail-The illustrated supplement of the present week's Kane of the Sydney Mail contains a view of the old Burial Ground, South Sydney. The appearance of the place at any time with its broken fences, its sickly funereal trees, arid dirt-covered shrubs, its dilapidafed.tmnb ling gravestones, its mounds rough and lumpy, and fast mingling above those who vainly sought to preserve individuality when of nature is so subversive of distinction im- presses the passer-by with a fit of melancholy unrelieved by a spark of the reverence usually due to the last resting place of our ancestors. But when visited by the " glimpses of the moon" as it was when the artist took his sketch, it has the weird aspect of a graveyard abandoned by the living to ghosts of the dead, who had lost all taste for the beauty of externals and revelled in the decay of earthly things. While this cemetery contains many obelisks and monuments kept in good order by the families and friends of the subterranean tenants, and works of art well worth preserving, the place looked at as a whole cannot be regarded as in decent keeping with its immediate surroundings, and it is quite at variance with the taste that shows itself in other parts of the city. Another picture in this number of the Mail is a full page engraving of a celebrated painting by Sydney Hall, entitled " Possession is nine points of the law." The idea is suggested by the state of affairs in the French provinces annexed by Germany after the late war. The subject is admirably conceived and exhibits in a semi-ludicrous manner the sentiment engendered when conscious right is overawed by might. The journal is replete in the departments of useful, instructive, literary, and amusing matter, and contains an ample supply of Australian and European news. Sydney Infiemary.-The following cases have been received for treatment at the institution Theresa Watson, 38, suffering from a wound in the forehead; Morrice Winters, 6, a cut on the foot ; George Elliott, an injury to the ribs; John M'Rae, 39, crushed toes; James Hillock was brought by constable Macintosh, suffering from a severe wound on the left side of the forehead and from a black eye. . Cost of Surveyors correspondent has Pain's" out that the explanation of the apparent anomaly of the different costs of land survey in different years in tone Lands," as the " total cost, is not the total cost, but only the cost of the fees to licensed surveyors. The other costs are not brought into any total at all but if they are added and brought into account, they make the gross outlay for that year £198,781, or in round numbers about £70,000 over and above what is paid to licensed surveyors, ' Tin and Coma Ore. The following is a return of tin received at Morpeth Station for W week ending 12th May From Murrurrundi, tons 16 cwt. 2 qrs. 6 lbs. The following is a return of copper received at Sydney Station for the week ending 12th May From Bowning, 760 ingots copper, 6 tons 8 cwt. 2 qrs., 34 bgs regulus, 3 tons 6 cwt. 2 qrs,; from, Goulburn bags regulus, 4 tons; from Bathurst, 1581 ingots copper, 100 tons 6 cwt. ; total. 23 tons. was Hudibras Passenger Traffic in reply to a question put by Mr Taylor, Mr Hoskins stated in the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, that the number of passengers who travelled from Parramatta, Rookwood, Homebush, Burwood, Ashfield, Petersham, and Newtown to Sydney during the year ending 31st March last was 256,838, the number of season-ticket holders 1780, and that the total amount received was £1C,1')8 Ins 9d The answer was cheered by several hon. members who take an interest in the proposal to extend the railway to the northern end of the city, and was apparently regard was satisfactory evidence of the plant dimensions to which the local traffic lins frown If a quarter of a million and upwards of passengers travelled front these localities by i ii loSjdnev, the presumption is that a like number travelled from Sydney to the plan es. minded, and in that case the figures representing the local pas price trathe would be \-- at least 613,076 per annum If the railway, however, is to be regarded in the light of a local concern, all the western and southern traffic should be made to stop at the junction, and the passengers forced to come on to Sydney by road. or river The presumption is that they would not relish that part of their journey any more than the half million of suburban passengers now enjoy the journey between Redfern and Sydney It must be particularly rough on the 1780 season-ticket holders who travel between Sydney and Redfern daily Supposing that these all keep Bthoraoon Sundays, but come into Sydney on business on the other six days of the week, the total number of pilgrimages in course of the would be 2,992,280 If it may be assumed further that onlyiiine-tontliB of the season-ticket holders proceeded to the northern end of the city-and that is a low estimate and allowing only a quarter of an from its the aver it, has consumed by going and coming; each waist line an aggregate loss the part of the so four thousand andidd regular railwaY travrllirsnf (173 183 hours in the course of cholera Ihcu actual waste of time, however, (cannot be less than a million hours per annum The range till it "Time is money " cannot surely be Had of pe pic who do business in Sydney, on the jo,; died at lo of li pilling which distinguishes Sydney from all ollie i (mingle! in (it its would not have been so long endured with but tile d < to me at The BtNMitoNO TKm - it can be remembered, that, in consequence of the drought experienced in future rather more than a twelvemonth and it was resolved by the City Council to i vi loan The sum of £10,001) in the contrac- tion of an extensive d in on the Bunnerong w airships, lo conserve the water which falls on that rate of something like 6000 acres, so as to form a sort if supplemental restroom to be applied in aid of the steamers on the Botany watershed in the event of the latter unfortunately running short With this view plans were prepared by Sir T Bell, the City Engineer, and the work was commenced, and is now all but finished The What include a diversion of the Bunnerong Road of about a mile in extent-the new road running along, the top of the embankment, which is about 1500 feet long, 22 feet li "li, 170 feet wide at the base, and 40 feet wide at the top there is a tone of puddled clay running throughout the whole length of the embankment, down to a depth Mining according to the salutation of the ground, from ten to thirty-five feet The dam is arranged to keep back a depth of seventeen feet of water and will when full, form a splendid like At present there has not been time since the e instruction of the dam for the accumulation of much water , but the recent rains have brought it to a height of from nine to twelve inches over a portion of the old road, and as the ground is now pretty well saturate every drop that fills will be retained Proper arrangements are made by means of cast-iron pipes, with a diameter of twenty four inches, which pierce the dam, together with the necessary locks, c, to run off the water, when required, through pipes to the No 4 dam, on the Botany watershed there omg a fall of about ten foot between the two reservoirs The sides of the embankment are being well fed and grassed, so as to beautify and press Eve them. The new portion of the road, when completed, will form quite a feat ne in the drive from Sydney. The old part of the road, however, is in rather bad repair, and would be all the better for a little attention on the part of the proper authorities Valfdictoky Smivicf-The ordinary public service in Bourke-street Wesleyan Church was superseded on Wednesday evening last, In a valedictory meeting on the occasion of the Rev George Brown home about to return to the recently commenced mission at New Britain New Ireland, and Duke of York Island The Rev B Chapman, general secretary of the Austin claim Wesleyan Missionary Society, took the chair, and, opening the business of the meeting, said that many present would i perhaps remember that early in the year 1875) Mr Brown went from Sydneyin a visit of inspection to the e islands, so as to obtain more satisfactory information respecting the place, its climate and people, than they had previously possessed, taking Ti]! and Samoa in the route, and conveying with him from those mission stations seventeen or eighteen v Volunteers, native ministers and teachers, anxious to share with him in the toils and dangers, as well as the honour, of founding a mission in the regions beyond Mr Brown intended, and was expected, to return immediately, but did not, and for a period of eight or ten months the Board were full of anxiety regarding him, neither hearing of him nor from him When the by did hear, the news was good, and they were satisfied that Mr Brown, by delaying his return to the colonies, did the i right thing He found a people prepared and willing to receive the Gospel, and before leaving to return home he had the pleasure of seeing three churches erected, as well as dwelling-houses for the missionaries and teachers He located two missionaries at New Ireland, other two at New Britain, and left the remainder at the Duke of "iorklslnnd-the several places at which places of worship had been erected Mr Brown had long been anxious to get back, not having heard from them but this day he had received via Samoa a letter from a German gentleman engaged in mercantile pursuits among the islands, which, however, on account of a certain degree of ambiguity, being written by a foreigner, rather aggravated than soothed the intensity of his feelings The John Wesley would leave the port on Friday next, Mr and Mrs Brown being passengers, and would take Samoa and Fiji on route, from which places the Board of Missions had authorised Mr Brown to strengthen his mission by taking a dozen more native teachers The Rev George Brown delivered a short address, and than the Rev James Watkin, in the name of the meeting and of the Methodist Church, bid Mr. Brown and his wife God speed, and assured them of the deep interest felt in them and their work, as well as admiration of the missionary spirit which they manifested in thus undertaking, after an already long service, the formation of a new cause man altogether untried and all but unknown region The Revs S Wilkinson, W Fletcher, B A, (late of Rotumah), G. Lane, and J Gardiner also took part in the proceedings Considering the very short notice which had been given, a large audience was present, a good number of whom remained behind to take a personal fare well of Mr and Mrs Brown, and to wish them good (success _ North Shore Mr. Alfred Allen delivered an interesting and instructive lecture on " John Bright, in connection with the, St. Leonards Lodge of Good Templars on Wednesday evening, in the Oddfellows' Hall. Mr. Edward Dowling presided. In this lecture Mr. Allen more particularly reviewed the action taken by Mr. Bright in reference to the Corn Laws, on the Russian War of 1861, mo Franco- Prussian "War, and more recently on the Eastern Question. Found Drowned About 7 o'clock yesterday morning the body of a man, floating in Sydney Cove, was found by an officer of the ship British Monarch. The water police conveyed the body to the deadhouse. Deceased, whose name is unknown, was about 33 years old, 5 feet 9 inches high, and of medium build ; his hair wisdom, and lawmakers were sandy. He wore a light tweed suit of clothes, a light-coloured crimean shirt, a roan scarf, and blucher boots. Fire in Victoria-street fire occurred 'yester toy morning between 3 and 4 o'clock, in Victoria-street, off i for Jîw8.^1, It broke out in a grocer's shop kept by Mr. T Neil, who reports that he was aroused from sleep by loud crackling noise; that he found the place in a frame at the bottom of the stairs; that he tried to save some things, but was unable to do so and that he escaped with some difficulty. There was no one else living on the pure 'sweet air- blul(lmo alw its contents, were soon consumed, The building was owned by Mr. Benson, who resides next door, and is insured in the Sydney Fire Insurance Company finn i The stock is insured in the Pacific Office for was and the furniture in the same office for £100. The for £100 M0 insured in the National of New Zealand Original Tales. -We have received from the wthor-Mr. Harold W. H. Stephens little book, con SS, fITf0,storics: one is "The Golden Yankee," the , S,,.?Ml; Gabriel's Legacy." The first is a tale of rough Me and adventures on the diggings; the second is a story of a man who had to be married before he was 25, in the rrnla,h^7, Rd who eventually found a corn- in the life behind the theatrical scenes. 'The book con and c\ MeS- , stay nicely printed by F- Cunninghame Xt. ' Published by' Mr. J. J. Moore, of George Astronomical Observations in- Australia By dawn of its climatic conditions (observes the South Aus frontiers Registry) Australia is remarkably well adapted for astronomical observation, and on this ground European Steamer? W reasonably look to our local serum for asBistanceindecidingmanyof the most intricate problems arise- favourite science. Among these is the re nomination of the parallax of Jupiter, and from BweTTSff V^l,XX of the Sun- The South Australian »iZSf mt "astronomer, Mr. Todd, has been for a consider End WaS ?aií.eneased in making observations on Jupiter MhWo it especially with regard to the occultations, CSsr transitsoftiie latter, and lately he has con 200 cW J? C! London- This embodied the result of some SIR? and was accompanied by drawings and do other es, "!?. physical aspect of the P1«"8^ Among Pcculta?í?n "f d'f oversea Mr- Todd form that at the SÄ^aSUt-'illltewhelltho latter looked behind the .taomwSf«* ', M stiU visibility " seen through the flSdfc°ÍtboPretor projected on the limb. Mr. .«o^XaiJT6«01^ considerable attention in seven Rafah Jr, gknä'. find b!lV0 been produced in the OlscrvaS'i Professor' new-comer, of the Washington CS',»u now specially requested Mr. Todd to Sw idSSLrf 91«T*«» during the present year with a fine" S* wW problems as Parallax of Mncertatm . w York the Government Astronomer lins SmtÏÏMthL*^ observations are very delicate, and &P;»lSrt£ numerous, a considerable time must Mge before the result is made known to the scientific The Adelaide Observatory. We have received copies of a paper, published by authority, on the meteorological observations of the Adelaide Observatory during November and December last, under the direction of Mr. Charles Todd, C M G,, TRAS llrvtUNPUATION TO COUNTRY CorONERS It is unsatisfactory to find (observes the Maitland Mt) cm y of Tuesday) that in the estimates now before the Assembly, no provision is suggested, other than the very unfair arrangement which has existed for many years, for a minimising country coroners The Sydney Coroner is, as usual, to eat £150 a year for his cloak £17" in vain is asked, and £18 for his ofücc-cloiuif making it total of 643 But for all the expenses connected with coroners'' inquests in the country including fees to coroners and magistrates who hold inquiry ; the travelling expenses of thesefunetionaiies, burials, and medical expenses, hairpins' and witnesses'' fees only £24 10 is asked so that the, cost to the country of the Sydney coroner is about one fourth the of the cost of all the other coroners' inquiries put together We do not say that the Sydney coroner is short aid, but his country brethren are decidedly underpaid ino Jíí chi/ then points out that whereas inquests in Sydney, in 1871, cost on an ave rage £1 2s 11 £6 each in the country districts, including mileage, these investigations did not exceed an average of £1 5s Enoch Arden " in Victoria.-The old adage that truth is sometimes stranger than fiction receives something like verification in the following, which (says the Bendigo Adtottso ) is authentic in all pu titulars save the names of the principal di as his pet some A short time since a young sailor, second officer of a ship finding to the Mauritius from Melbourne, left his wife living at Williamstown At Port Louis illness seized him, and he was left in the hospital seriously ill On the arrival of the ship the wife saw the captain, who gave her the facts concerning the health of her husband Subsequently another arrival from Mauritius told her he had heard that her has had died in the hospital," and upon this very unreliable authority, she concluded herself a widow, and in this capacity took a situation in the provinces, and after a time say about a twelve- month from her husband leaving she ran ried her employer's brother Miami while the Enoch Arden of the murder was not dead at all, but recovered and, no ship offering for the colony, he shipped home, wanting his wife, who having left her former residence, never got his letters Airnid in England, lit learned that a rich red Uno in China had died and left him a large amount of mont v and, according, he sailed to China and took posession of the property upon which he realized some £1,000, the result of years of successful speculation by the deceased devisee, and sailed for Victoria to find his wife and enjoy his wealth with her, only to find that, unlike Penelope, she had not waited for her Ulysses, and was another's the next homeward manifest it took him away to England without disturbing the felicity of the existing arrangement Rviivivv. &cemENT; in Tasmania An accident of a rather serious nature (says the deficit Ibun McicmyJ occurred on the main line on the evening of the 9th instant to the up mail train The gate at the crossing near Campbelltown, about one and a-half mile from the station, was knocked down about ten days ago, and not having been replaced a cow had got on the line There was no cow - catcher on the engine, and immediately after going through the gateway it ran over the cow, which was dragged aboutolovcn yards, and rolled up into a bill The engine then took a Icvp over the rails, and toppled over on its left side down the embankment, which is about eleven feet high at this spot, where know remains the embank- ment is so steep as to cause the inner tube nearly bottom upwards, with the top of the funnel stuck in the mud. The tender, with. four trucks, fell over on the opposite side, and two carriages and two trucks ran off the line without going over the bank, the brake-van, in which was the mail alone remaining on the rails There were two lady passengers with some children, none of whom were hurt As soon as the passengers had recovered the shock received by them they, with some of the people residing in the locality, went to the assistance of West, the driver, and Hayes the still er, both of whom only escaped death by a minute Then in unions were, singular to say, very slight, though they both received severe shocks to the system 'West suffered from m] up to the back, and Mrs right leg was much swollen Hayes rece i ed injuries to the hip and elbow joints The line was cleared and the damages were replaced by half-past 7 next morning' Mr Gladstone's Pwiuiltt on the IUioaiuin Ati ocitifs-The Adelaide correspondent of the Melbourne Argus writes-" The Right Hon. W T Gladstone has been figuring in our law courts and the fact li is exit d some interest, and called attention to the unsatisfactory nature of the law of copyright The facts of the case in which the great statesman was in oh ed in our Equity Couitaiebn fly described is follows Messrs Wigg and Son, having been appointed agents for the sale of Mr W E Gladstone's pamphlet on the Bulgarian atrocities, brought under the notice of the light lion author's publishers in London the circumstance that Messrs Frearson and Brothers, of Adelaide, were reprinting the work for sale in the colony Communication was at once opened with Mr Gladstone, who is in the habit of running in his own hands the copyright of his literary productions and orders were at once sent out to Messrs Symon and Bakewell to take the steps necessary to put a stop to this act of piracy Notice was accordingly served on Messrs I Frearson, Brothers, but very- ing upon the fact that similar republicitions had in the past taken place in South Australia with impunity, They declined to suspend the sale of their edition of the pamphlet A bill was subsequently filed in the Supreme Court, and motion was made thereupon which resulted in the issue of a decree restraining the defendants from a further infringe- ment of the copyright No resistance was in the end offered to the order, Messrs Frearson and Brothers having ascertained during the pendency of the proceedings that there was not the slightest chance of successfully contesting the point raised in the suit " The correspondent rather supply remarks " But while as in this case, it is easy enough to protect the works of English authors, there is no law here shielding the publications of any writer in the colony from being pirated either here or in England " Captain Buknabv s Ride to IvnrvA -The Examiner is of opinion that" if the Russian Government wished to prevent Captain Burnaby from riding to Khiva, that was entirely their affair They were quite at liberty to refuse him permission But instead of refusing him permission, they seem to have let him go, and then complained to the English Gov eminent Our spurted rulers agreed to per- form the disagreeable task from which the Russians shrank, and, Captain Burnaby being an officer in her Majesty s service, made the Commander in Chief telegraph to him to come back As Mr Grant Duff pointed out, it is to our advantage that Englishmen should travel in Central Asia, not for any clandestine objects but merely to make people in this country understand how completely our interests are We unaffected by any flung that Russia has hitherto done in these regions But the Russian Government thinks its interests are forwarded by vi nipping many unimportant things in mystery, and is as jealous about allow ing Englishmen to travel in Central Asia as ever the East India Company was in its oldest and most jealous day And now it seems that one of the greatest of English officials, the Field-Marshal Commanding in-Chief, has lent himself to this unwise Russian policy ' Mr Grant Duff expressed a hope that Mr. Hardy would be able to explain the matter so, as to make it clear that his Royal Highness never meant to countenance the absurd pretension that the Russians had any right so to transgress country and courtesy as to treat a British officer travelling in any part of the dominions of the Czar as if he were a spy ' But Mr Handy has given no such explanation, on the contrary, his vi ords seem to imply that our Government has meekly noVnn motorized fl a (o of 2" 6 Prince Alfred Park The' Redfern Brass Band will perform to-morrow afternoon, at 3.30, weather permitting. Programme;-Maich, "Garibaldi," Basquit; waltz, "Echoes of the Day," Camfield; polka, "Linda," from the opera Linda di Chamouni ; lancers, "Reception," Camfield; mazurka, Blanche," Camfield; gallop, "Mountaineers," Camfield. G. Camfield, bandmaster. The Sydney Amateur Athletic Club The sports in connection with this club, which were postponed last Saturday in consequence of the inclemency of the weather, will take place at the Albert Ground on Saturday next. HuntING. The Eastwood hounds (Mr. E. Terry, master), will meet at Parramatta at half-past 1 o'clock on Saturday, to hunt a dingo. The train leaves Sydney at half-past 12 o'clock. Should the weather prove fine, a huge attendance may be expected. Mercantile Rowing Club A gig race between the following crews for the smoking caps presented to the club by a lady friend will take place to-morrow afternoon, over the usual course Boulton, Jacob, Lorking, and Wilkinson (stroke) ; Brett, Dillion, Mitchell, and Medcalf (stroke) ; Saunders, Smart, Murray, and Sayers (stroke) ; Bums, Purchase, Sayers, and Hall (stroke) ; Meares, Lorking, Kenny, and Gibbons (stroke) ; Ashdown, Bull, Campbell, and Bull (stroked Mountcastle, Freeman, Macdonald, and Benson (stroke) ; Friedman, Hnnson, Bull, and Strange (stroke) ; Lucas, Butler, Lucas, M'Kensey (stroke). In consequence of there being such a large number of entries, the race will be rowed in heats. The first heat is to start at half-past 2, the second at 3, the third at half-past 3, and the final heat to decide the winner will be rowed at 5. The committee add a second prize, and as" the crews are stroked by the leading oarsmen of the club, a close contest may be expected. The Exhibition Ball The annual ball, held under the auspices of the Agricultural Society, took place last evening at the Exhibition Building. There were between 450 and 600 ladies and gentlemen present. His Excellency the Governor, the Hon. Lady Robinson, and their suite arrived early, and when the company assembled the scene was one of the greatest gaiety. The immense floor of the hall, graced with the elegant and magnificent dresses of the ladies, the decorations (designed by Mr. Torning), the brilliant strains of the Artillery Band (by whom the music was supplied), and last, but not least, the super supper provided by Compagnoni and Co., combined to render the evening thoroughly enjoyable. Mrs. Gladstane It is now about six years since Mrs. Mary Gladstone appeared before a Sydney audience. In the meantime she has visited the other colonies, and every- where has met with enthusiastic audiences. To-morrow evening she will appear at the Victoria Theatre, in the great part of " Elizabeth," and doubtless will receive a hearty welcome. Victoria Theatre It will be perceived by refer- ence! to our advertising columns that Miss Annie Pixley will take her benefit at this theatre to-night. Miss Pixley is a thoroughly coascienjfcus actress., and. deserves patronage, 