T PARLIAMENTARY PICKINGS. No I. What's this, in the name of Farenheit ? By Beanmaur's ghost ! 'tis a novel sight ; Just give a glance 'ere away you pass On the new political weather glass. Oh ! politician, awhile give ear, Woulds't know the state of the atmosphere That wraps the hall in Macquarie-street, Where our trnsty (?) senators nightly meet ? WouMs't know if hurricanes, storms, or gales, Are like to whistle o'er New South Wales ? Or if the waves of the ®de of Fa.te Are like to threaten the ship of State ? 151 Woulds't know if thafehip, or her gallant band Need dread rock, current, or sunken sand ? Just give a glance, 'ere away you pass, At the new political weather-glass. You can tell, we swear by our Royal Hump, Which way the political Cat doth jump ; If the clouds soar high, and the sky is fair, With a smiling visage Jack stands there. If a storfn should brew, or a water-spout, Then Jack goes in and old Parkes comes out ; For ever he loveth the darkness drear, And a black political atmosphere. No. H. Here's Dibby, and Lloyd, and Piddington too, And this is the way they appeared. While grinning, and leering, and jibing, and jeering At Robertson pulling his beard. No. IH. W(7i)at Tyler is that in the queer-shaped hat, With trowel and apron too, And other insignia quaint and queer ? Oh ! who is that Tyler, who ? 'Tis Holroyd, reader, a worthy man As ever drank beer or tea, Or drew a screw of a thousand or two As a Master in Equitee. But little he cares though M'Elhone swears (Mac hates such jolly old flicks), That his time he wastes with his low-bred tastes For manufacturing bricks. No. IV. So loud and free, in the key of G, They merrily sound each " sharp There's Suttor a-playing his fiddle-de-de, And Wiudeyer playing the harp. They merrily strike upon chord and string, They're both in capital trim ; Though we rather guess that its " rough" on S To play second fiddle to him. No. V. Friend Macintosh said 'twas an awful "chouse" For a Crown Land Agent within the House To be permitted his foot to set : And Fitz was as mad as a bull — you bet 1 He said that he didn't care two jots For a scurvy dealer in pans and pots ; He thought that an ageht for Crown Land sales Was far o'er a seller of pans and pails. 