Chapteb XXX. " LEAN'D HKB BBKAST UP TIL I, A THOEN." Mr. Money and Victor Heron walked home that night together from the House of Commons. It was more than half an hour after midnight when the? left the House. bat both considered themselves getting off rather well so earl; aa that, and neither loved going to bed at prudent and whole some horns. Victor walked with Money to the door of the Victoria-street house, and : then Money asked him to come in that they might talk a little. " There are two or | three things I want to talk about," he said, "and we are snre to have a quiet hour now." Victor was willing, and Money brought him np to his stndy, where a fire was looking^very cheery, although the spring was a little ad vanced, and there were cigars and other preparations for making a quiet hour pass agreeably. 'I like this time of night," Money stud, " because one insure to be let alone. There can't be any people wanting to see one now; and there are no newspapers and no letters, and all the house is in bed. This is about the only time of the day when I really feel that I am my own master. Come* take a cigar; there's Apollinaris and anything yon like." Victor sat down and began to smoke, and they fell to talking for a while about things in the Honse, and the debate on Victor's great question, which was soon to oome off. 'By ths way," Money ssid suddenly, "and before 1 forget, I saw our friend, your rival, to-day—Sheppard, you kno#; and he had something to say to me that I want to ask your opinion abont, although perhaps it ought to be a sort of secret as yet What would you think of him as a husband lor our friend Miss Grey ?" Victor almost started. He looked up so suddenly that Money followed unconsciously the direction of hiB eyes, fanoying perhaps he he had seen some unexpected sight. "Did you think you heard Bome one stirring? Money asked. "No, I didn't Well, abont Sheppard? " " What would you think of him, I was siy ins*, sa a husband for Miuola Grey t" Heron blew several straight puffs of smoke from his cigar before he answered. When he did speak his answer was not encouraging. " Absurd," was the remark he madfli, ■ Money smiled. { . "Well, I should have thought so too, per haps ; but I believe there is something to be said tor the idea after all This men Sheppard came to me in rather a frank and straight forward way to-day, and asked me straight out tb give him the help of my influence in Serenading Mies Grey. He did propdse tor er already. Did you know that?" "No, I did not " "NorI, althongh 1 dare say my women folk did. Ob, yes, he told me candidly that he had proposed for her not only onoe but twioe, or more often perhaps 1" " Yes; and she—'whatdiaehesBy?" Victor seemed to have some difficulty about his tremendous yon have got bold of; an odd thing, too, in tbat box. Throw it away ; have another." "No, thanks; this is all light. Well, what did she say ? " "Well, of coarse, yoa know, we may easily infer what she said when, after his having pressed her in that Bort of way, she is not Mrs. Sbeppard yet." " Oh !" A kind of groan broke from Victor at the bare idea of Minola being Mrs. Step pard. "I can't imagine how any man can persecute a girl in that way," he went on, indignantly. "I think be ought to be kicked; if I were the brother of a girl like that I would kick him, by Jove!" "Yes, juBt so, and perhaps the girl would not thank her brother in the least for his kindly intervention. My dear fellow, have yoa never heard that in snob things nineteen nay says make one grant? It's all very well for you good- looking fellows, with a sort of con quering, careless air about you, who find the girls only too glad when yon ask them—it's all i very well for you to talk about not persecut ing girls, But a man like Sheppard must preSB his cbbs a little or he will have no obance at all. He isn't by any means a bad-looking fellow either, but he has not the way that takes women ; he must be content to ask per haps and ask again. I have a good deal of sympathy for fellows like Sheppard." "Well, but what does he want? He has asked Miss Grey and she refused him—I Bhould think bo ; what does he want now ? " " To ask again and not to he refused, I suppose." " But what can yon do for him ?" " He thinks that if I were too see the thing as he does, and to speak to Miss Grey about it, and advise her to think it over as favour ably as Bhe could, it might perhaps have some influence on her. You see, Ufa all very well just now while she is young,' but she must grow tired some time or other of the kind of lonely life she leads, and she will not make new friends, and we are all in a manner breaking up, Thereto will be married very soon, and then Lucelet of course; and when the girls are married I think sometimes of leaving England, Victor, my boy." This was. said with an air of carelessness, but, at the . same time, Mr. Money closely watched Heron's face to see how he took the announcement. Victor certainly did look surprised; ,j(. "Whaton earth do you think of doing that for?" | " Well, yon know my interests in s money way are much more in other countries than (in this. In BusMa, for instance, I have found people in authority to appreciate the things I | do in a way that the people here never did. As long as the girls remained unmarried, of course, I should never have thought of that; but now, thank God, they are both going to be married in the happiest way, and my wife does not care for this country any more than I do, and one could often see one's children —a journey is nothing in our days—and on the whole I don't think I am much longer for England it things go as I expect But there's time enough to talk about that," and he seemed a little relieved for having got even so far. "The thing I wanted to speak to you about now is this business of our friend Shep pard. You don't like the idea ?" "The thing seems to me absurd and pre posterous. He is a alow, formal, dull Bort of Philistine, and to marry him to such a girl — good Heavens! how coold you think of it ?" Victor Heron jumped up in his usual ex citable way, and began to walk up and down the room. " Look here," he aaid, stopping suddenly, 1 "how should you like the idea of your own daughter—either of your daughters—bring married to a man she cared nothing about, and bad refused again and again ? Put it in that light." " But, my good fellow, a girl like.that must many some one. She can't help herself. She is handsome and clever, and she has some money, and fellows will get around her, and the more generous she is the more easily she will be imposed upon. That fellow, Blan chet, has been trying hard to get her to fall in love with him. I'd rather trust her happi ness a thousand times to a man like Sheppard than to a fellow like that And, do you know?—our friend, St Paul actually fell in love with her—downright in love—and wanted her to many him, and offered as a proof of over every 'sixpence she has to little Mary Blatochet." Heron flung himself down w his seat again, to give due ear to this revelation. "How do you know ? " he asked. "St Paul himBelf came and told me; he said ehe was the only girl he ever could have cared about, and that he would have given ber money enough to make ducks and drakes of in any benevolent projecte she liked. Con fess, Heron, that there must have been some thing tempting in that—at least there would have been to most girls. St Paul, after all, is the son of a duke and the brother of a duke, and a clever girl might have hoped to cure I I him of all bis nonsense, and bring him to { terms with his people again, and get him back into society, and get herself there along , with him. 1 tell you what—my wife is a ter rible Badical and all that, and yet I am not by any means certain that if such an offer had been made to one of onr girls a year or so back ehe would not have been delighted at the chance. But our friend Minola would not hear of it." This was trying news for Victor. He knew only (too well, because only too late, why Minola refused every love offer that could be 1 made. " According to all established ideas," Money said, " the girl ought to have been in love with some one else; but that is not so, I suppose, in Oils case. It seems that she knew no one In Keeton but this poor Shop. ! pud. He tells me that she told him ehe was in love with nobody but a man in a book —that was while she was in Keeton; and here in London she only knew just the two or three fellows we have now been talking about; and bo far as I can see she has refused them everyone in turn. There's positively no one left but yon, Victor, and I suppose you never proposed for her?" Mr, 1 Money laughed good-humonredly. "No," Victor replied, "I never proposed for her." " The right man has not come along, I sup pose ; hut the question is, will be ever come?" "Suppose he never oomes, "Victor said, with sudden energy and jombing from his seat again. "Suppose he never oomes, what then? It would be a thousand times better for a girl like that to live alone—yes, and dla alone— than to marry a man Bhe did not love, and to have to drag through lffe with tbat tort of man or with any man she did not oars ' for. In the right way. She is too good for him; the is too good for anyone for that matter: but to marry him would be a shame. Don t have anything to do with it, Money 1 Think of Sjur own daughter. How Would yon like to ave Lucy married to a man she did not 1 care for?" "Tbat wonld not be the worst," Money said. "There might be much worse than that It might be Luoelet's chance—thank God, it isn't—not to be able to love anyone in that tort of way, and yet she might marry some good fellow, and make him a good little wife, and be happy in the end, No; it isn't that\ should dread for Lucelet so much, it be her matrj ing a man who did not really «n2 truly love her," ' 5 Money said all this in a thoughtful, altnosi dreamy, sort of way, holding his cigar in ki, hand the while. He spoke as one might spest of a danger which exists no longer, but of which he can hardly think even yet without a certain drear impression; and he endJ with a eight of relief. " She is saved from that, my boy, thank* to you," he said, and he stretched out hj» hand to Heron, who was near him at th# moment, pacing np and down in his still quelled excitement. Heron felt his heart torn with pain and shame. He hardly knew how to take that outstretched hand. Ha seemed as if be wet* driven along to say, "It's not true; I don't deserve your confidence, And you and your daughter ought to hate me." What might have come of the impulse no one can know for just atthat moment the attention of Mr' drawn away. V heard some one stirrhu here," hesaid; "odd, that \- was in bed long ago, S " a monSMpgRroh; I will go and see." He wlBrfMie door and opened it. Heron was hardlyJMkt listening to his words, ,«f"ihaoelet I" Money exclaimed; What on earth are yon doing here, you little creature, at this time of night ? Look hem Victor, here's a little eaves- dropper." * He came into the room, bringing with him the palpitating and rather affrighted little Lucy. She blushed crimson red at being thus caught, and finding that Victor was with her father. £ "Ob, no, papa—for shame to say such a thing! I was not eaves-dropping; I wasonlv listening to be sure that you were aloue. At first I thought you were; and then I heard you talking, and I did not know who was with you, and I listened just for one moment in order to be sure." " You did not think it was Victor was with me, I dare Bay ?" " No; at least I didn't think so at first." Lucy still looked embarrassed and alarmed.1 It must be owned that Victor Heron did not seem quite at hiB ease. Money was consider* ably amazed, for he had never had a visitation of this kind before. " Take a seat with us, Lucy," Victor said at last, "since you have paid us a visit." Ha handed her a chair. She looked at him timidly and only said, "Thank you, Victor," but did not sit down. Her father put his hands on her shonlders and scrutinised her with a manner of good humoured authority. " So you have not been in bed at all, Lucai let 1 But that isn't anything very new—foe you to sit up too late. Bat what did yon want, pray, in this part of the building at this hour? Think of the possible Bhock to' oar nerves, yen foolish young person. Sappose we had fancied we saw a ghost and expired of Lncy smiled a rather wan smile. "I wented to speak to you, papa, and I thought I would sit up until you came in—it wouldn't be very late, perhaps; and then I heard you come, and I was not quite certain if you were alone, and after a while I down to try." "Was it such very important business, Lucelet, that it would not keep until tomor row ? and must it be told to me in solemn seclusion and at the deadest hour of night ?" " I thought I should like to see you by your self, and when you were not likely to be dis turbed " "Likely to be disturbed by anyone but yourself, you mean, I suppose, Lucelet?" Lucelet; somehow had no mirth in her to nigbt, ,Bhe still looked scared and uneasy, and unlike herself. "You have been to the House, Victor?", sbe said, as if she would turn the conversa tion away from herself. Before Victor could answer Money struck in— ,,!' Confess, Lucelet;" he said, with some thing like gravity of tone, " that you expected Victor here; aud that that was the reason why you came stealing down to our midnight conference ?" Sbe shook her head. " No, indeed, dear; it was not that.. I did not expect to find Victor here." " And I ought not to be here," Victor said,* at Bnch an boor as this. You want to talk to your papa, Lucy, and I must not interrupt you.' He seemed as if about to go, "Ob, it's nothing 1 Money said. "Can't it be told before Victor, Lucelet—or can't it wait just a little? We were talking of som J thing that would greatly interest you, I know, when you came in; and since you have given us the benefit of your company at a time when you ought to be in bed, I don t object at all to taking you into our coundL Do you, Victor?". " Oh, no, if Luoy would not rather speak to you now alone. I can come iu to- morrow and we can speak of the other matter— " I think when Lucelet hears what it is she will not be inclined to put it off for any businessi of her own. It is about Miss Grey* Lucelet," Lucy looked up with a start, and the colons rushed again into the face that was so pals a moment before. "About Nolaf You have something to say about Nola ?" " Yes, we have. Will you come into coun cil, Luoelet?" about1"n t know"~u ,ou lriah» I68; what toft " No, no; it would be cruelty," said Victor resolutely. " It'is dear that Lucy is too tired for much oonsultatton; and as she has stayed npfor a particular purpose she ought not to be interfered with. No, tha»>ir you, ifmu ; I'll not stay now. It's quite time for me to go Lucy made no attempt to induoe him to stay. Money lookedat her and then at Victor in some emprise, " Good-night, Lucy," Victor said. "Good-night, Victor." She put her little oold and tremulous hand into hie, and she looked up at him. There was'such an ex* mention In her eyes as made Victor's heart thrill with pain.- Their eyes met lor a moment, and her look was full of unhappi nssa. There wbb no complaint in it; there was no angry protest against man, or fats, or heaven, or anything: only snob settled-un happiness as one might have thought that young and pretty face could never be made to show. As she looked into his face and hec band wee still beld in his, a tear began to R^ber In the child-like aoft eyea, and the little lips began to quiver. She withdrew her nandquickly but not ungently. .Victor.was tdng; Money rose to acoompany the door.but Victor saw Luoy put hec hand upon her father's arm ai if to detain bim ; awl be at once insisted that Money must not leave his room. As Heron went out end closed the door behind him. he heard Mon«y say to hfa daughter— . about?"*' Lncel#t, my dear, what is this all Victorhastened away lest he might bear any more. He felt miserably unhappy. He folt conscience-stricken, although it might have puzzled a casuist to say where there oould •£. found anything to blame iu any pert or bis conduct in which Lucy was conoerned it is much to be feared, however, that to rwl life only those feel the stings of cmsoienie much who have done little to deserve Che torture. In the realms of poetry and art indeed, conscience may " call her furies forth to shake the sounding scourge and hissing snake," and may show "what lesson may b» read beside a sinner's restless bed." But in ordinary life the sounding scourge is uBaally only for the BenBitive skiu of the maa or woman who is always trying to do right, an i the regular Binner sleeps a sleep of infanfeiU depth and sweetness. For Victor Heron, although it was not certain that poor Lucy's melancholy eyes bad anything to do with him at all, there was little sleep that night. "Conscienceanticipating time," in the lines from which we have just quoted, "already jnes the unacted crime." Ia Heron's case, conscience rued a wrong which it never had fceen in Heron's heart to do. 