CHAPTER IV. . When Wilfred, first among the wayfarers, awoke .from deep untroubled slumber, the sun seemed ? eye-ing the encampment with haughty fixed regard, . as of a monarch enthroned upon the summit of the purple mouutain range. Long afterwards did " Wilfred" know \- , ! Fell " PlunbtiB" for;Ms deadliest foe. Fortunately then unwitting of the lengths to which the unsparing archer could go in southern , .lands, he. arose and essayed to commence dressing. Rising hurriedly he was reminded, by a tolera . ably sharp tap on the head from tho axletree, that he was in a bedroom of restricted accommodation More guarded1 in his after movements he crawled outside, first placing on the dewy grass a rug upon which to stand. He then commenced his toilette, and cast a comprehensive glance around. The first thing he saw was the upright form ol Richard Evans returning from a successful search after his horses, which he drove .before him to wards the camp, at the same time, smoking his pipe with a serene and satisfied air. The morning was chill; the frost-rime lay white upon the old man's hair and whiskers, but he had not thought a coat necessary, and in a crimean shirt and mole skin trousers calmly braved an atmosphere not much above 30 degrees Fahrenheit. " This must be a fine climate," said Wilfred to his father. " We shall be well wrapped up until breakfast time, at any rate, and yet that old buffer is wandering about in his shirtsleeves, just as if he were in Naples." - " He is pretty hard-bitten you, may . depend,'; said Mr. Effingham, "I think some of .our old 'diehards' are as tough samples of humanity aa you could anywhere meet. I do not hold up the British soldier as a model of morality, but they were'men,' in my time, beyond any manner of doubt," Dick marched up his team to the waggon, whence his lodgers had by this time issued ; Andrew to commence the construction of a fire outside of the tent, and Jeanie to penetrate that sacred ¡enclosure, and presumably to act as tire woman or advisi-general in the interior. The shafts, which had served old Dick as a sleep ing apartment during the night, aided by a shroud of tarpaulin, were uplifted, and bagging being thereon stretched, were converted into a manger for the chaff and maire, which the sharpset horses quickly commenced to consume. Presently Jeanie issued from the tent, and find ing the camp-kettle boiling proceeded to make tea. Andrew, in the meantime, was milking old Daisy. The gridiron was brought into requisition, and certain chops subjected to the action of fire by Jeanie. Eventually Mrs. Effingham and her daughters issued from the tent, fresh and dainty of aspect as if they had just left their respective bedrooms at The Chase. Then the day commenced, and also breakfast. " Good merning ! oh mother. Hail, oh, tender maidens! What do you think of camping out at night?" was Wilfred's greeting. "Have you been sitting up weeping, or did you forget everything till daylight, as we did?" " We all slept like tops," said Annabel. " I never was so sleepy in my life. I was almost off before I could undress. I think it's splendid. And oh ! what is there for breakfast ?" I Jeanie had prepared hot cakes, made of flour with water and soda, grilled mutton chops, smok ing cups of tea, butter 'a discretion.' Worse meals have been eaten. The appe tites were, like the travellers, "highly respect able." By the time the meal was finished, Mr. Richard Evans had harnessed his team, and, bringing himself up to the attitude of " attention," requested to know when the ladies would like to make a start. After consultation, it was notified to their un tiring guide and courier, that as soon as the tent was struck and the baggage packed every one would be ready. The troops being in high health and spirit?, in a comparatively short space of time.the march was resumed. Wilfred and Guy walked on ahead, fowling-piece. itt hand. Andrew drove the cow, which followed 'quietly in the rear of the team. The coupled greyhounds looked eagerly round, as if sensible that they were now in hunting country. They were with difficulty restrained when a wallaby, with two bounds, crossed the road and disappeared in an adjoining scrub. 1 The dry air was pure and fresh, the soft un clouded sky a sapphire dome, the winding forest {>ath free from all impediments but an occasional edge of sandstone rocks. If there is any portion of the day " when the poor are rich in spirits and health," when the heart stirs, yet again soothed with the early dream of life and happiness, it is in the sweet hour which follows the morning meal. Dawn is too austere, midday too sultry fierce; and nowhere will he whose heart and intel lect respond alike gratefully to that ¡hour of Aïdenu, find its fragrant inspirations more purely invigorating than in the early summer-time of Australia. Then the fortunate traveller experi ences coolness without cold ; warmth without the degree of heat which produces lassitude. . '< * As the waggon rolled easily along, the horses stepping lightly and cheerily on the track*binder the slight but sufficing guidance of Mr. Evans's whip, ¡the whole party paced over the unwonted herbage with an alertness of mien which would have suggested a very different history." ? "What lovely shrubs there appear to be in all directions," said Mrs. Effingham, "what should we have given for that graceful mimosa at The Chase; or this blue leaved pink twigged tree, which I suijpose must be a young eucalj^ptus. Here they are so common that no one hee^ü^em, and yet there are within sight enough to "set up a: hundred green-houses." " Everything is so astonishingly different," said Rosamond, "and I am most agreeably surprised with the landscape. What erroneous ideas one always has of far countries ! I suppose it is .be cause we so seldom feel sufficient, interest to in form ourselves thoroughly. ; I pictured Australia a flat sandy waste, with burned up. reedy grass ; a ganeral air of the »desert. Now here we have woods, a nice little brook rippling along by rocks and hills, aud in the distance a mountain. I could make quite an effective sketch." " The country isn't all like this, Miss," remarked old Dick, with a deferential air. " If you was to go; two or three hundred miles into-the bush, where there's no timber at all, you'ld find it all sand and saltbushes-the curiousest place ever you see." , ; . ' " Is that barren rcauntry ? How can it be ' the bush', " inquired Wilfred, laughing, " if there are no trees. But we are not going so far, at any rate." " Finest grazing land out," said Richard. ," All the stock rolling fat-no trouble in looking after them. If I was a young gentleman; that's the place I'd make for. Not but what Warbrook is a pleasant spot, and may be the young ladies will like it better than the plains." , ... " I fancy we shall, Richard,"' said Rosamond. " The plains may be very nice for sheep and cattle, but' I prefer the woodland country, like this^ I suppose we can have a garden there." " There used to be the best garden at "Warbrook in all the country-side, Miss ; but those Warleighs was a wild lot ; they let everything go to wrack, and I daresay the trees and bushes is mostly wore out, but the sile's that good as a handy man would soon make it look shipshape agin." " What are we to do for lunch, or dinner ?" said Annabel,with some appearance of anxiety. "If we are to go on roaming over the land from sun rise to sunset'without stopping I shall die of hun ger-I am sure-. I shall. I keep thinking about these cakes of Jeanie's until, I declare, I feel as if I could stop people on the highway and compel them to give us food." "My dear child," said her mother, " I daresay we shall manage to feed you, and the rest of the flockt so that no accident from starvation will take place. I really, am pleased to find that you have such a'famous appetite. To be sure, you have riot quite done growing yet, and the fresh air is certain to act as a tonic. So* far, wejmust not complain of the climate." " It's only a fe w miles fur der on, ma'am, to the King Parrot waterhole, where we can stop in the middle of the day and have a bit of dinner, if the young ladies is sharp-set. I always stop for dinner and feed my horses, about twelve o'clock. And if the young gentlemen was to walk on, they might shoot a pair of ducks at the waterhole, as would come in handy for the pot." When, about twelve o'clock, they reached the King Parrot waterhole, a tiny clear reed-fringed pool, about as large as their English horse-pond, they found Wilfred in possession of a pair of the beautiful grey-breasted wood- ducks (Anas Boscha), a black teal, and a pretty dark-furred little kan garoo, which old Dick pronounced to be a rock wallaby. "Australia is not such abad place for game after all," said Guy. " We found the ducks swim ming in the pool," there were three couple altoge ther; and Damsel chopped this two-legged hare, as she probably thought it, just as it was making up to that stony liill. I like it better than Surrey, on the whole." ,? .?;» " , "We shall And out ever so many objects of in terest," said Rosamond. "I shall never feel suffi-: ciently thankful to that nice old-^-Pröfesr' sor -Muste. for teaching me the very1 small quantity ' of botany, that I know.-' Now, look at this lovely clianthus, is it not enough to warm the heart of a Trappist; and here is that most lovely purple Kennedy a, which of right ought, in an Australian novel, to be wreathed round the heroine's hat. Why, dd my eyes deceive me, qr is not that a white heath?-double too ! ; I mustidig it:?' ?? . ' . ... ' .?' -; h¡f$ " I believe, Rosamond, that you could comfort: yourself on Mount Ararat, by ¡thinking -pf 'the Ark," said Annabel. "Why it will.be ages, before those ducks can be picked, and roasted;. Oh! Jeanie, Jeanie, can't we have them before tea time? I wish I hadn't seen them." ¿í17 i " If you want to expedite;;the process you.'¡ can help me take off the feathers,' and spare/poor Jeanie's everlastingly busy fingers," said' Béa trice. ? -" Here Annabel looked ruefully at her tiny delicate hands, with a child's pout. " Oh ! it's no use looking at your pretty little hands," said the matter-of- fact Beatrice. " This is the land of work, and all who can't make them selves useful will be treated like the foolish vir gins, in the parable. It always makes me smile when that chapter is read. I always can fancy Annabel holding out her lamp, with an injured expression, Baying, * well, nobody told me it was time to get ready.'" "Beatrice, my daughter," said Mrs. Effingham gravely, " sacred subjects are not beAtting matter tor idle talking. Dispositions vary, and you may remember that Martha was not praised for her anxiety to serve." By-and-bye the kettle bubbled on the Are kin dled by the eyer ready Richard ; the cakes and cold meat were handed ; the tea-n.»t. as yet, thanks to Daisy, were they forced to vi y the unwonted darkly doubtful infusion whi-jh the absence of milk produces--was gratefully sipped. ?<>The sun shone brightly ou the green flat, where the horses grazed in peace and plenty. The birds -chirped and called at v intervals. Ali nature lay glad and responsive to the joyous season of the southern spring, then daily gathering beauty. " There is an air of peace and natural harmony in this scene, truly pcothingto the soul," said Mrs. Effingham. " How thankful we all ought to be to the Providence which has directed our footsteps aright.". " It's maist un-common guid dairy pasture," as serted Andrew, as he watched the Jersey cow munching the tall grass, the wild clover, and the .antipodean butter-cups, with considerable relish. "It's nogra thick a sward as our ain meadow-land, but I'll ,no gainsay that frae weelkeepit kye ye wadina mak as rich cream and guid butter oot on't, as ever Reigate-Bartonsaw marketed." . " We must set up a reputation for butter and cheese^ Andrew. I daresay we can buy a score of cowß near the estate. You must teach nie and Guy to milk. Jeanie will churn ; and we'll be the Cele brated Warbrook Dairy before we can, look: round.", : ; ' '. . ",The Lord grant it !" quoth Andrew. " A byre full of milch kye ¡is the foundation o' guid farm ing. Losli! I think I seo myself carrying in the muckle milk cans a'ready." Thus their days wore on, in peaceful regular progression, alike free from toil, anxiety, or ad venture. The daily stage was accomplished, under Dick's experienced direction, without mistake or misadventure. The evening meal was a time of rest and cheerful enjoyment, the night's slumbers refreshing and unbroken, the morn's awakening blithesome, as the unclouded sun illumed the primoval forest glades, the empurpled mystic mountain barriers. The pure air, the daily exer cise, the ever changing novel scene, the strangely intoxicating feeling of journeying through an un known .wilderness to a region of Promise, had not failed to produce a healthful exhilaration of spirits, with marked improvement of tone, throughout the little band of pilgrims. " Delightful country this is ! I feel quite a new creature, especially after breakfast," exclaimed Annabel, one morning, " I could go on like thia for months, till we reached the other side of the continent-if there is any other side. Will it be as nice as this, I wonder, at Malbrook, or "War brook, or whatever they call it ? Warbrook Chase won't look so bad on our letters, when we write home, will it? I must send a sketch of it to cousin Elizabeth, with a bark cabin, of course. She will never believe that we have a real house' to live iu among the backwoods. What sort of a house is it, Dick ? is it thatched and many-gabled and damp and delightful, with dear little diamond casements like the keeper's lodge, or is it a horrid j wooden barn P tell me £now, there's a dear old man!" I " We shall be there, miss, please God, the day after to-niorrow," responded old Dick, with respect ful solemnity. " Parson Sternworth said I was to say nought about the place, but let it come on ye suddenly like. And I'm a man as is used to obey orders." "Very well, you disagreeable old soldier," said the playful maiden, " I'll be even with you and the Parson, as you call him, see if I don't." " Sorry to disobleege you, Miss Anniebell," said the veteran, raising his hand to his wrinkled fore head, " but if my old General, Sir Hughie Gough, was to come and say, Corporal Richard Evans' hand me over the chart of the country, I should have to tell him that he hadn't got the counter sign." " And quite right too, Richard," interposed Mr. Effingham, " the officer bf the day must be obeyed. I am pleased to see that you keep up your good old military habits in a new country. Discipline is the soul of the army." " So I was always taught, sir," replied Dick, with an air of rigid military exactitude, which would have befitted a veteran of the Great Frede rick, as he drew himself up to " attention" per pendicular^', " But when we reaches Warbrook my agreement's out with our Parson, and miss can order me about all day long." In spite of Annabel's repeated asseverations that the party never would reach the spot indicated, and that she believed there never was any such place, but that old Dick would lead them into a trackless forest and there abandon them, on the second day after this important conversation they reached a more than usually thickly timbered and perhaps uninterestingly precipitous range of hills, upon the stony winding pathway through which the horses laboured, the docile cow limped and lagged, the girls complained, and Andrew's rugged [ countenance visibly became elongated in disap provals At length Dick Evans's wooden facial muscles suddenly relaxed, as, halting on the hardly gained hill-top, he pointed with his whip-handle, saying simply, " There's Warbrook! so the young ladies and gentlemen can see for themselves." Very, eagerly did the whole party gaze upon the landsoape, which now, in the clear light of the southern eve, lay softly in repose before them. The character of the scenery had once more changed with the wondrous suddenness peculiar to the land in which they had come so far to dwell. A ¡picture, set in a frame of dense forest and un friendly barren thickets ; there came suddenly be fore their eyes with magical abruptness a vision of green slopes, tall old groves, and verdurous meadows, It was one of Nature's forest-girded parks. Traces of the necessarily imperfect ope rations of a new country were visible, in felled timber unremoved, in naked girdled trees, in un sightly fences. But Nature was in bounteous mood, and had heightened the contrast with the barren region they had penetrated, by the flushed abun dance of early summer végétation. This lavish profusion of herb and leaf imparted a richness of colouring, a clearness of tone, which in a less favourable season of the year, Warbrook must have nerceptiblv lacked« " Oh ! what a lovely, lovely place !" cried Anna bel, transported beyond herself as she stood on tiptoe and gazed, rapturously at the scene. "Those niust be the Delectable Mountains. Dick, you area Christianhero-(the oldman smiled deprecatingly). I forgive you on the spot. And there ia the house, 'a real house with two storeys, too-1 thought there were only cottages up the country-rand an orchard; and is that a blue cloud, or, the sea? we must have turned round again. Surely it can't be our Lake? that would be too heavenly, and those glorious mountains beyond !" '^That's Lake William, miss,,called,after His Gracious Majesty King William the Fourth;" ex plained Dick ' precisely accurate and reverential. "You'll find the house, big enough, but it's a long way from being in good order ; and it's a mercy there's a tree alive in the orchard." "Oh! never mind, we'll soon put things, to rights, won't we, mamma?, And what splendid creatures those large old trees will be when they come out in leaf. I suppose it's too early in the spring yet ?" continued she. . " Dead-every one of 'em, miss," explained their ruthless conducter. " They've, been ring-barked, more's tho pity. They was beauties when I knowed j'em first, before those blessed tenants was let rum I ate everything aboutthe old place. Iwondertherea a stone of the old house standing, that I do. ,4' And now, sir, we'll get, on, and the young ladies can. have tea in their own parlour, if my old woman's kept the fire up, accordin' to orders." The hearts of the more reflective portion of the party were too full for ready comment ; sq that Annabel's chatter ran on unchecked. A feeling or despondency had been gradually occupying the minds of Howard Effingham and his wife, as for the last two stages they had pictured to themselves the weary unwonted toil of building up a home amid the barren solitudes, such as, in their inno cence, they thought their new property might re semble. Now here was a region, amid which they might live out their lives with cheerful and con tented minds, thankful that " their lines had been cast inpleasaut places ;" having reason to hope that their children might dwell in peace and prosperity after them. "We can never be sufficiently grateful to our dear old friend," said Mrs. Effingham.. " Il be hau not, in the first place, written you that letter, Howard, and afterwards acted upon his own opinion so boldly, what might have been our fate ?" " He always used to look after me when we were in the regiment," said her husband acquiescingiy. «I daresay he'll find a similar pleasure m taking charge of us now. It's fortunate for you and the ' girls that he still remains unmarried.'.' : .A few miles only needed to be traversed before Hr.. Richard Evans triumphantly drove his team ' up to the gate of the delapidated garden fence, sur rounding the front of an old-fashioned stone build ing, with wide verandah and lofty balcony, sup ported on massive freestone pillars. A stout elderly woman of decided aspect opened the creaking hall door, and casting a glance not wholly' of approval at old Dick, made as though . to welcome the strangers. , " I'm sure I'm very glad to see you, my lady," said she, bobbing with an antiquated courtesy, " and you, sir, and tho young ladies and gentle men. I'm sure I've done everything as I could to clean up the old barrack of a house, as is that lonesome and made me frighted with, ghosts, as I thought I'd never live to see you all ; and Dick, here, I knew there was no certainty of, a rambling old villain, as might have gone to Timor or the Indies, and never let on a word about it. Please you to come in, ma'am," [TO BE CONTINUED.] 