THE J3ENDIG0 ADVERTISER ' ' (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PBOQBSSSZOXj OUR EIGHTS, AND OUR KBSOURCEA. SANDHURST, WEDNESDAY. A PL. 11, IS??. THE EDUCATION ACT. It is very evident, from ihs tone of the speeches of some of the candi dates who have already addressed the electors, that the constituencies must bo on the alert to prevent men getting into Par liament who \rill be likely to tamper .with the Education Act, the most precious mea sure of the whole statute-book. Candidates who are directly opposed to its policy, and others who think that an explicit decla ration in its favor may not be politic, are both so shaping their remarks on the ques tion that they can vote as tlie cat iunuis either to maintain the principles of the bill intact, or tamper with it. In most of the addresses which have been issued the ques tion has been carefully avoided. It is no secret that there is more than one section of the community which dissents from the severance of religious and secular instruction, or rather, we should say, that there are ecclesiastics who so dissent. : It is very cer tain that an attempt is to be mode to obtain the assent oi Parliament to^the granting of separate grants to 'dissen- j tientSj and' it is perfectly certain that some candidates are! being "put! forward, whose chief business it will be to I attempt to destroy the secular principle 6f the act. . These candidates are infinitely better than those. who are endeavoring to catch what is called the Irish vote bv using words which would create the belief that they might- alter the statute as wished, when they have not" the slightest intention of doing anything of the kind. However much the first may be differed from, ard however cen surable their conduct in not expressing them selves explicitly with regard to the education system, in their hearts they are sincere; but the latter are mere charlatans and impos- I tors, pretending one thing, but meaning ! another.. . ° It is astonishing how much skill a candi ' date can display in selecting a general form of expression which commits him to nothing in •P.a?|?cular, but leaves him the opportunity of vofing as;his; interests may dictate. One says that if it be possible to amend the act :-o as to tie .objection entertained to it by some persons he shotild.be only too glad: another, .declares-that if the act could be amended so as to remove any bitterness it has created, he should favor the adoption of that course. This is neither manly nor honest, for the candidate is bent upon one of two things, either swindling those who support the Education Act by destroying its secular principle, or swindling those who want to see it-destroyed, whilst all the time he has not the most remote intention of consenting to anything of the kind. It is too readily accepted that a man may be shifty at election times, and there are some people, not many we are glad to say, who applaud what they call his cuteness, and what we should term his roguery, and there is- no doubt that there will be any quantity of shiftiness on the education question, and that if the electors are not on the alert, many a candidate bent on the destruction of the act will creep into the House. In the interests of everybody, every candidate should be questioned and cross-questioned till he had expressed himself explicitly on the subject, which would be better for evervbody, those in favor of maintaining the principle of the measure and those who desire its altera tion, and all would then know what they are about, and the kind of man they had to deal with. Let us have daylight work with regard to the matter, so that each can see the other's face. What a man would not do in a private matter he will do ^ ith regard to the education matter. He will not tell a direct lie, because he might be bowled out at that; but he will use ,rords that suggest he is going to do what he never means to do. There is no dilierence between this and a lie, deception is at the bottom of both; but it is spoken out in one case and concealed in the other. e make these remarks because in perus ing the speeches or candidates that appear in the columns of our contemporaries, boili metropolitan and provincial, the education question is being very generally paltered with; and it is better now than "too late to direct attention to the fact that it is quite on the cards that the great cardinal principle of secular education may be imperilled in the next Assembly, if the electors do not insist upon an explicit declaration from candidates on the subject. There will be bitter antagonisms during the elections between the stonewallers and their friends and those who insisted upon upholding the supremacy of a parliamentary majority but of one thing there is not a ghost of a. t!l:it however much they may differ on other subjects they are agreed that the money of the State shall be ap°plied to the purposes of none but State schools. There is yet much to be done to render the State school system all that could be desired, and the determination of the constituencies should be to insist upon improvement and advancement, not retrogression. There is plenty of improvement capable with regard both to the Act and its administration, but I we do not want its improvement, backwards, which is what some sly people are bent on The electors must allow nothing of the kind good work has bc-en done, and it must be stuck to. 