LITEEATUKE. Literary Notices. A DR. BEARD, of New York, has written a curiouf work upon the conditions and nature of trance which professes to account for a great number oi phenomena, which the docter regards as delusions, Dr. Beard is evidently a materialist, and wishes tc explain the phenomena pertaining to what has been not inaptly termed the Border Land of Science, on purely material principles. We have not seen his book, but from reviews of it, and extracts from it, which we have read, we are able to form a tolerably clear notion of the doctor's hypothesis. He states that " The outcome of two thousand yeavs of human learning, since the . foundation of the science ol logic by Aristotle, is, that the Encyclopaedia Brit tannica, in its latest edition, regards it as an open question, whether ghosts appear." Of course the worthy doctor himself is altogether too learned and wise a man to believe in ghosts, but at the same time is credulous enough to put implicit faith in the peculiar hypothesis which his book is de signed to illustrate and establish, and which, to our thinking, is not only a baseless hypothesis, but is from its very nature incapable of proof, and opposed to a vast mass of psychological facts. We are led to believe that Dr. Beard has devoted con siderable attention to the physiology and diseases of the nervous system, and. that his researches have led him to regard " trance as a functional disease of the nervous system, in which the cerebral acti vity is concentrated in some limited region of the brain, with suspension of the activity of the rest of the brain, and consequent loss of volition." IT« divides trances into the spontaneous, the sell induced, the emotional, and intellectual trances. The Scieutifio American, in a notice of Dr. Beard's book, either summarises üis views as fol I lows, or quotes him as saying t A typical form of the first is natural somnambulism or sleep-walking, in which, "the cerebral equilibrium being j spontaneously disturbed through the subjective action of dreams, tho subject, under the dominion of a restricted ! region of the brain, the activity of the rest of the brain being I suspended, runs and walks about like un automaton. Under self-induced trance are comprised those cases where thc sub ject can bring himself into this state at will, either suddenly or gradually. This can be accomplished by low living, ap proaching nearly to starvation. Emotional trance, which includes by far the larger number of cases, may bc induced by fear, reverence, wonder, or expectation, exerted to such a degree that the activity of thc brain is suspended, while these emotions are abnormally active, and consequently tho will loses control, and thc subject acts automatically in response to external or internal suggestion, doing thc very things he wishes to avoid doing, and being unable to do what he desires. It is of no consequence in what manner this trance is pro duced; it is purely subjective, and depends wliolly upon thc emotions of the subject. The mesmeric operator or medium, has really nothing to do with the physical effect produced ; it is only necessary that the subject believe in him. To intel lectual tranco belong the extreme cases of absent-minded ness. A large portion cf the brain is active, und until aroused is insensible to surroundings, and responds automatically to external suggestions or influences. It is assumed in this hypothesis that in trance of every variety, the cerebral activity is concentrated in some limited region of the brain. Yve ask our readers, how is it possible for that assumption to be proved. The phrenologists have adduced some thing which at the first glance appears to bo a proof that local mental action may be set up while the rest oE the brain remains unexcited. A mau had a hole in his skull, over the spot assigned as the organ of self-esteem, and when a dream adapted to excite self-esteem was suggested to him in his sleep, the exposed part was seen to bo flushed with blood and excited. But then the rest of the brain was hidden, so that the supposed quiescence of it was mere inference, utterly unsupported by any observed fact. Tho fundamental assumption of Dr. Beard's hypothesis, is in exactly the same predicament. The localisation of the cerebral activit}1- in trance can bo proved only by observa tion ; and, a3 the brain is hidden from sight, so ob servation of it in trance is impossible. "We have heard of persons whose vision was so penetrating that they could see through a solid stone-wall, or into the middle of next week; but we never heard of any one who couid see the brain beneath the skull whilst the skull remained unbroken. All the facts on which Dr. Beard's assumption is sup posed to rest, are valueless as evidence, for the reason that, whilst particular portions of the brain have been seen to be excited-not in trance, but in di earns as well as when awake- th« rest of the brain could not be seen, and, therefore, may have been, for aught that is known to the contraiy, excited too. The fundamental assumption which must be proved before Dr. Beard's hypothesis can be relied on is, from the'very nature of the case, incapable of 2>roof. "We are fully aware of the experiments made by Dr. Ferrier, and others, ivpon animals, but they do not bear upon the case. Dr. Beard, however, thinks his hypothesis will account for somnambulism, or sleep-waking, all the phenomena of mesmerism and hypnotism, and all that is real in spiritualism, for the ecstatics of the Roman Catholic Church, the miracles wrought by spiritual healers, the devils of Mozine, clair voyance, trance-speaking and lecturing, obsession, along with a host of other obscure things too nu merous to mention. As a matter of course, all thinkers who regard the Doctor's hypothesis as utterly baseless, incapable of proof, and opposed to a host of facts, are " credulous and ignorant men, who have bidden farewell to reason, and in whose minds doubt, surmise, and deception, remain un checked." "We prefer« to rank ourselves along with this class of men, rather than accept as souud phi losophy such a shallow device to account for some of the deepest mysteries of our nature. "SHAKESPEARE: THE MAN AND THE BOOK," being a collection of occasional papers on the Bard and his writings. Part the 1st. By C. M. INGLEBY, M.A., L.L.D., V.P.B.S.L. Trüb ner, London. The above rather lengthy title indicates the nature, of the book. rlhe papers .republished in this volume are on the spelling of Shakespeare's surname, the meaning of it, the Bard's traditional birthday, the authorship of the works attributed to Shakespeare, the portraiture of Shakespeare, matters personal to Shakespeare, the Modern Prometheus, the idiosyncrncy of Hamlet, and various other things connected with the life and plays of the great dramatist. Tho work displays immense research and erudition, but is better adapted for a literary gentleman's library, as a work to be occasionally consulted, than for popular reading. The information which the work con tains is often curious, and the critical reasoning of the author forcible. Although most of the chap ters belong to that kind of reading which has been not inaptly termed " dry," yet quotable ex tracts are found in some of them. One such ex tract is the concluding portion of the Essay on Hamlet. As it scorns to me a selfish conceit infests lils every thought and action. To him an old man who had run to belly was known by the familiar sobriquet of "guts," and his shrunken, feeble legs and rheumy eyes were to him nothing but the fruits of intemperance and unchastity. 3?or my part, I know not how any man of right feeling can find sufficient excuses for Hamlet's perverse humour, in the disappointment of Iiis young ambition and tho sensitiveness of his organisation. His temperament and his surroundings may help us to ex plain his eccentricities, but hardly to excuse them. Allowing, as I do, that thc excess of reflection in Hamlet was a factor in his irresolution and procrastination, there is still another factor, and ono that is a special motivo to that particular line of conduct which he pursued, viz., his own selfish interest. The disappointment and humiliation which ho suffers in consequence of his uncle's election provoke a sentiment which has two poles ; hatred of the supplanter and desire of redress. So far fortli any promptings he might have to remove by violence tho obstacle in the path of his ambition aro neutralised by thc fear of damaging Iiis own chance of succession. Then comes the Ghost's injunction in corroboration of tile former pole; and in the first passion of indignation and grief Hamlet is capable enough to execute the vengeance to which he is thus doubly incited. But, unlike the preceding motives, this added motive is liable to diminution by lapso of time. All such impressions wear away, unless renewed, as Coleridge well remarks of the terrors of a popular revolution. 'WIG lesson, however start ling, is soon forgotten. In Hamlet's case, tho first impres sion of tho Ghost's visit is strong and deep; but it soon begins to wane. Finding this to be tho case, and seeking to blind himself to tho fact, that his newly formed purpose is being blunted, the Prince pretends that he may be thc dupe of an evil spirit : his uncle may be innocent : the Ghost may have been a messenger from he'll or un infernal hallucination. " I'll have proof more relative than this," lie exclaims. The device of the play removes tho scruple, and then Hamlet tries to make himself believe that lie is us hot for revenge ns when the Ghost lett him. " Now could I drink hot blood." But it is «ll poor acting. The second visit of the Ghost deepens the impression, wh"ch, however, is destined again to sink into insignificance. The prince's self-interest has still thc ascendancy, and remains thc dominant motive to the end of thc play. He kills Polonius, hnstily judging him to be the King, and thinking that if it were uri y other eavesdropper it would not much matter. Whoever it was, " the situation would excuse thc act ; but lie will not do it when the King is at pra3*ers, because ho fears the consequences of such mi open murder." We may be sure he would now, without any addi tional motive, have killed the King, if he could have done so without danger to his succession. Whatever is a bar to his self- interest or promotion is doomed t<> be destroyed " with safest liaste." He knew, for instance, that Koserierantz and Guildenstcrn were wholly innocent of participating in tho design against his life ; but ho had tiie opportunity of silencing them without compromising himself, and he was not the mau to let it slip: and having ucconip'iihed their destruction he docs not find them near his conscience, because " they made love lo their employment." The essay which treats of some emendations on certain passages in " As you like it," " Cymbeline," &c;, will be interesting to Shakesperean students. In fine, the work is purely a critical Avork, and like Dr. Ingleby's " Shakespeare's Centurie of Prayse " and " Shakespeare's Ilermemeutics or the Still Lion," constitutes a noble monument to the fame of our great English Card. The Goulburn Herald learns that "Warder Young man, who was iu charge of prisoner Heffernan when lie escaped from the Goulburn gaol, and who was suspended till the comptroller-general of prisons had been communicated with, has been reinstated, and has returned to his duty as warder. The comptroller general ordered him to be mulcted in ten days' pay. 