? THE WRECK OF A LIFE. (Written expressly for the Weekly Examiner.) CHAP. III.—BRAMBLE HOUSE INMATES. AND ITS I am naturally cheerful. During many years of trying vicissitudes those great blessings health and good spirits have never been denied to me. Why the strange depression T felt on entering the old house should have so powerfully affected me I could not imagine. I strove to overcome it, for I had a profound contempt for foolish fancies, regarding them as unworthy of a very resolute young lady who had gone forth to conquer those very troublesome things called circumstances " That they (the circumstances, I mean) affect you powerfully is admitted, that they affect you irresistibly is denied." So said a certain eloquent divine to whose- discourses I had loved to listen ; and while sitting in our comfprtable pew, with its soft cushions and its hassocks, and looking over the highly respectable congregation, and joining in the excellent singing, and; conscious of the possession of - so much 1 of the world's goods that it-seemed highly improbable' that I should ever be troubled by the said circutostances, it certainly did seem ą comparatively, easy thing to conquer then». They' looked a rather more formidàble host: just now, but I was not going to give up without » struggle. Sb T commanded Groundless Alarm, Foolish Fancies, and all the mental maladies that were worrying me, to give place.to Hope, and Trust, and Cheerfulness ; and when the rays of the setting sun came Streaming in at the narrow window, and tinged with a momentary brightness the rustling trees that shaded the room in which I had been left for a full half-, hour alone, I rose and looked steadfastly to the westward, turning my face to the bright bine sky and the golden clouds, and seeing Him there without whom not éven à sparrow falls to the ground, I smiled at my folly and thanked Him for the mercy, that had followed me all the twenty years of my life. " We will defer your introduction to your pupils until to-morrow," said Miss Kute, entering the room and most unpleasantly interrupting my train of thought. " We will have a quiet cup of tea together, and I shall be happy to hear you play. Mr Arnold, our French master, will spend the evening with us. He is a brilliant conversationalist, and has a magnificent voice. It is rather selfish on my part, and I am afraid you will think me very inconsiderate to anticipate pleasure from your performances wlien both of you must be so tired." " Has Mr Arnold travelled far today ?" I asked. " Yes ; more than forty miles. A considerable portion of his journey was on foot, and the remainder on horsè back." " Then he is entitled to Home little consideration on the score of fatigue ; but I have no excuse to offer. To sit in a cab and à steamboat for a couplé of hours is surely not fatiguing." " You are quite robust," said M Kute, laughing. " I think I am healthy both mentally and physically," I replied. " Mr Ariióld.is never fatigued," said Miss Kute. "He possesses a constitution of iron, and his character is like hisi constitution." . "Gold and hard,!' I said, with .a smile. "No, I did not mean that," replied Miss Kute, "I meant that hie intellect strong, and his will as strong as bis mind." " I shall not be at my ease in his presence if you invest him with so much of the powerful," I said. " Ypu will find bim very agreeable," said Miss Kute. 1 did not reply, for I was wondering greatly why Miss Kute was so eulogistic cf the French master. The mistress of Bramble House broke the silence by asking which I preferred, Bulwer Lytton or Dickens ? 'Ido not think they can be compared," I replied, " but I like Lytton in some moods and Dickens in others. The worst fault in Dickens is his exaggeration. A clerical friend of iny father's once observed at our house that no man was evermore mistaken in his portraiture of a gentleman. My father's friend considered that he was a gentleman inasmuch as he had been educated at Cambridge and enjoyed an income of eight thousand per annum. Some one present remarked : ' Well, you will allow that he is a master of low life.' 'No,' isaid the critic, ' It is only because we know nothing about it that we think so. It is quite likely that if we «sailed in kill Sykes and asked him if Dickens's picture was correct, he would reply, ' Oh, no, sir, 'taint nothin o' the sort.' " Miss Kute laughed, the bell rang for tea, and we left the library. Mr Arnold came in a few seconds after, and I had an opportunity of observing him more •closely. I could readily believe what Miss Kute had stated about his iron con-, stitution. I have rarely seen a finer frame. He must have been over six feet vin .height, and was.broad-chested apd upright as a dart. . Then his face was such an one as I should ascribe to Achilles. The forehead broad and prominent, the nose straight, the mouth firm, rather too firm I thought, the hair was very light brown and wavy, the eyes small but piercing, and almost hidden by the bushy eyebrows. Ï felt sure that; there was power in the man, but was' there heart ? And why did I ask myself thé question % Of what moment was it to me whether Mr Arnold was the most amiable or the most repulsive of mankind ? What indeed, when all that I had imagined, and feared, and hoped—all that had seemed so wîldly improbable that it was folly even to dream of it—had been mine, had been bestowed upon me, and been brought to me in trembling uncertainty of its reception—had been resigned with aching ' heart and throbbing brain—resigned in despair so terrible that it had swallowed up and rendered me insensible to all other griefs ? Did I forget in the presence of this accomplished linguist, this man of intellect arid physical power, this gifted conversationalist and thorough man of the world, the writer of that letter that I had not opened until my chamber door was locked and the household asleep, and I could dare to feel the great joy that was too sacred for j even the eyes of parental affection? Ah, no ! And yet how useless it was how hopeless it was, how foolish it was to cherish the memory of a great sorrow that I had borne so bravely that none suspected it. It was wisdom to enjoy the présent hour, ând as I had resolved not to be controlled by but to control circumstances, I drew the curtain of fqrgetfulness between Caroline Lacey, of Burjton-street,, and: Miss I^pey, the teacher at Bramble House. " Miss Kùte will, I know, pardoa me for saying that this very commodious house, of hers is as gloomy as it is ćpómy/f jsaïd )>Jr Arnold,, spiling and glancing .penetratingly ^t me. "I see that it has a dispiriting effect upon Miss Laôèy, who is usuallyso cheer-' fal," • I felt quite angry that my short lived despondency should have been observed, and wondered greatly how Mr Arnold had arrived at the conclusion that I was usually so cheerful. I endeavored to recall his features and general appearance, and more particularly his peculiar voice, but I felt quite sure that I had not seen or heard him at any time. Perhaps it was only a skilful guess, or he was a phrenologist or physiognomist, and arrived at the complimentary conclusion by his observation of my features or complexion or —but Mr Arnold's keen eye was upon me again, and I forced a smile as I said— i « You are clever at reading thou ghts, and have given expression to mine. I always do feel gloomy in these old and in some respects comfortable mansions. They always seem to me the fitting habitations of ghosts and spirits that are not at rest. ' "They are doubtless fully aware that their presence would be singularly in. appropriate in a modern establishment. They require wide staircases, and unsuspected closets, and lofty corridors. They have from time immemorial rambled about Bramble House." Mr Arnold !" exclaimed Miss Kute, " It is well that Miss Laoey should be made aware of their partiality for this house," said Mr Arnold, laughing, " for it is just possible that, : though by no means nervous, she might be a little discomposed by their unexpected appearance." " If you imagine that you «an alarm me by all these mysterious hints you are altogether mistaken," I said, smiling. "'For contemplation he and valor formed, For softness she and sweet attractive grace.' " I consider that a little more, timidity would become you better than this daring," said Mr Arnold, with a merry smile. "Timidity may be becoming, or rather I should be inclined to say that it may be convenient, as it affords you lords of creation the opportunity of displaying the opposite quality ; but I am not conscious of the weakness, for weakness I must consider it, whatever charm you may be able to discern in it.". . . . "Miss Lacey,". said Mr Arnold, changing his tone to one of the deepest solemnity,, " I could a tale relate of Bramble House that would blanch your cheek, distend your eyes, and make each particular hair to stand on end." Now at this time I had a very, luxu- riant head of hair, and tbe idea of the heavy ringlets that rested on my shoul ders "standing on end" struck me as so very absurd that I laughed heartily. "You are incredulous," said Mr Arnold,"but wait until the tea things are removed, and then I will begin my narrative." " You will do nothing of the sort," said Miss Kute; «I will not have Miss Lacey's slumbers disturbed by the recollection of ahy of your horrible stories." Mr A r jold laughed. " You kno w," he said, addressing Miss Kute, " that it h matter of history." . " Granted," replied Miss Kute, " hut i that is no Reason .why it should be re-, jlated to-night'. Being historical, it will keep/' ; .;.•'"..' ' ; Very good. We ,will .leave it for a night when there are .but fewmortal I form's in the house—when the hour ap- ; prpaches, in which churchyards ya.wn— when the wind moàns anil the' casements rattle, and the ; waging .moioii looks thręugh jthe rifted blackcloud upon the Really, Mr Arnold,you are.,becoming theatrical or novelistic, or some- I thing very unlike your usual self," said Miss Kute. " I never heard you go on in this strain before." " Shall I tell you why I feel moved this night to tell the stoiy of tbe first inmates of Bramble House?" replied Mr Arnold. "It is because I fancy the maiden of the tale to have been just such another one as Miss Lacey. She was tall—she was fair complexioned, with dark hair and eyes, and of just such a fearless spirit." ' " To hear you speak one would suppose Miss Lacey to be : an old acquaintance of yours," said Miss Kute. " A short time ago you spoke of her as habitually cheerful—now she is of a fearless spirit—how do you know what she is ?" " Ah !" said Mr Arnold, "you would have me reveal the secret of my extraordinary power of perception. But I must not gratify you. I am sure that Miss Lacey will corroborate what I have affirmed though.!' "I cannot talk to you" said Miss Kute. "It requires Miss Anstey to do that." " Miss Anstey ? I exclaimed so suddenly and emphatically that both my interlocutors turned to me with surprise in their looks and a question on their tongues. "Yes, Miss Anstey has often encountered Mr Arnold, and I believe has generally come off: victor. She is a woman of power, and a most agreeable companion. Do. you know her ?" The question was so pointed, and my consciousness so evident, to say nothing of my hatred of equivocation that I answered promptly, "If it is Lydia Anstey of. whom yon are speaking she is probably the T Lydia Anstey that I know. It is very singular that we Bhould be likely to meet here." " You will inevitably meet unless something extraordinary occurs to prevent it," said Miss Kate. " I think I (should abandon ' Bramble • House,' and my pupils, if I had not Miss Anstey to aid me." ż . ; While Miss Kute was speaking—in fact from the (moment that J had exclaimed " Miss Anstey !"—Mr Arnold's eyes had been fixed upon me with that peculiarly penetrating expression that I have heard described in the vernacular as " looking .you through and through." I should; have felt angry had I found myself the object of sorutiny on tbe part of any. other man, but there played about .the mouth of Mr Arnold such an amused and pleasing smile, and the glance, penetrating as it was, was so free from ' anything approaching .to rudeness that involuntarily I smiled. Mr. Arnold's gaze was removed in an : instant, and he turned to Miss Kute with thé inquiry " When do you expect her ?" "I thought she would be here tonight," ireplied Miss-Kute, "but it is too late how." "By what means of locomotion does she hope to reach here ? " asked Mr Arnold. . "Mr Delaney. willprobably drive .fromiEltham, and bring her with him," replied Miss Kute. At the mention of Mr Delaney my heart gave a great bound. I compressed my lips, and strove to restrain all outward indications iof my astonishment, and: (shall I add) grief. . I,felt no flush of the cheek ; I'i was conscious of no pallor, yet I felt: quite sure that Mr Arnold had.read:and knew the thought of my heart as surely as if I had spoken it. • The tea-things had been removed; we were hesitating what should be done next. . . " "Are you equal to playing to- night?" askéd Mr Arnold, . Oh 1 yes," I replied readily, and followed, him to the next room, where stood avmagnificent instrument of Broadwood's manufacture. I. seated myself,. and struck a few chords. « Let us have 'Dunois the brave," said Mr Arnold. It was a beautifully-toned piano, and the room being lofty and spacious, the eûect of Mr Arnold's voice and it combined was something wonderful. I believe that I played well tbat night, for I felt the music. My thoughts went back to the battle-field like " the bravest of the brave" and "the fairest of the fair," and the corpse of the once light-hearted and gallant Frenchman, on which the song had been founded. I have often fourni this habit of complete abstraction from what I was doing betray me into unpleasant dilemmas, and on this particular evening the music and Mr Arnold's voice, and the associations were utterly forgotten. I was looking steadily at tbe instrument, but I saw neither keys nor company until that deep, melodious, yet peculiar voice sounded in my ears— " This is the room in which Agnes Montague sat and played, not on a Broadwood certainly, but on that ancient and very beautiful instrument, the harp. It was here, while he listened to her voice, and leaned over the graceful form of the hapless maiden, that the king's officers appeared at the door, and sur-' rounded the house." I started, as if suddenly awakened from a dream. " What is that?" I exclaimed, as a tumult outside the window broke in upon the silence that had ensued upon the cessation of the song. " Not tbe king's officers it is to be hoped," said Mr Arnold, turning from me with a smile that could not hide the sudden alarm expressed in his contracted brows and inquiring glance. Miss Kute had arisen from the lounge, and was looking, startled, at Mr Arnold. " Wait here, I will see to it," he said, with an odd mixture of deference and authority. I thought it strange that he should assume the headship of the household, though I could not but acknowledge that in any emergency he would be the right man to look to for counsel or assistance. He did not return for eeveral minutes. Miss Kute did not speak, but stood at the window looking out into the darkness. I retained my placé at tbe pianoforte. Presently tbe door was softly opened, and Mr Arnold re-entered. " What is it ?" said Miss Kute in a subdued voice. " Miss Anstey is here," said Mr Arnold. " She has met with an accident." Miss Kute left the room instantly. I turned to Mr Arnold, and my looks asked the question that my lips refused to utter, " The horse took fright, and dashed down Shooier's-hill. I am afraid they are much hurt, but Mr Delaney has been taken to the house of a resident in the neighborhood, who, it appears, is •acquainted with him. Miss Anstey begged those who found her to bring her on here, but poor Delaney was unable to speak, so that I am afraid he is very seriously hurt. " He is not dead ?" I asked in a hoarse whisper. " No—oh no." I felt rather than saw the searching look that be gave me when I asked the question. Miss Anstey was carried to lier room, and a medical man was quickly in attendance. Miss Kute came to me after the lapse of an hour, and intimated that my chamber was ready. I was glad to retire, for the «vents of the evening had furnished me with food for reflection. A staid middle-aged woman led the way to my room, and wished me good night as she closed my door. I was rather inclined to question if the night would not be bad and sleepless as I glanced around the room. Like the others that I had been in, it was lofty, spacious, aod panelled. The only thing modern about it was the French bedstead. A fire had been kindled in the earlier part of the evening but it bad burned low now, and looked the reverse of cheerful. When I laid my head npon my pillow I was quickly asleep, however, and must have slumbered long and heavily, for when I awoke with a strange sensation of chilliness the timepiece on the mantle struck three. I bad left my lamp burning, but not sufficiently to discern anything but tbe objects nearest to me Aslsat up in bed I felt a strong draught, and turning on the lamp I perceived that my chamber door was open. I thought I had locked it but not being quite positive I contented myself with hastily springing out of bed and shutting it very quietly. Then I locked it, tried it, unlocked it and locked it again, md at last feeling quite certain that it was securely fastened, got into bed again. But not to sleep. Sleep was effectually driven from my eyelids. In vain I turned off my lamp until only the faintest glimmer assured me that it was not out. Imagination, recollection, fancy, all were busy. I was at my old home again, I was looking with a calmness at which I now wondered at the quiet patient face of my dead father—I was looking on tbe scene in the drawing room that Mr Arnold had pictured—then I saw the maddened horse dashing with fearful speed down the steep hill, and heard the shriek of « Lydia Anstey, and the heavy moan of Mr Delaney. And then the strange seqaence of events which had brought me almost into contact with those whom I desired to avoid, which had actually placed one of them on a bed of suffering under the same roof, and which had brought into the neighborhood the man who held in his keeping all the romance of my life;—all these events, I say, kept me awake until the grey morning light stole through the heavy curtains at my windows. Then I must have been again overtaken by sleep, for when I awoke the household was astir, and the sun was shining brightly. I made up for lost tio.e by a hasty toilet, and descended to the breakfast room. About fifteen young ladies were there already, to whom Miss Kute introduced their future instructress. I was gratified by the look of satisfaction that passed over the faces of all and rested on some. One countenance in particular interested me ; for strangely enough, I had seen it in my dream of the scene that Mr Arnold had been about to describe when Miss Anstey's unexpected arrival had put an end to his communication. And yet it was quite certain that it could not belong to the heroine of his story. Nevertheless, I had seen the face momentarily as the maiden passed the large oval mirror on the dressing-table at the foot of my bed. And was it not strange that after hiving, as I thought, so carefully locked my chamber door, I should find it unlocked in the morning ? It was possible that in endeavoring to make assurance doubly sure I had, after all, left it unlocked, but I had a strong impression to the contrary. (To be continued.) 