THE SCULLERS' CHAMPIONSHIP. (from the daily telegraph, may 29.) A more active and efficient agent even than Mr Lord, of the Thames Conser vancy, in clearing the course beween Putney and Mortlake yesterday afternoon was a tempest of rain and wind. The river was lashed into an angry roar, and seemed as though it would vent its fury on the slender boats of the competing scullers. Many persons had assembled on the banks, for the morning was fair of promise, and there was hope even in the keen, dry wind that accompanied a too early brightness and warmth of sunshine. But the hurricane that swept the river and threatened to swamp the boats had a marvellously sudden effect in diminishing the crowd, as well as in changing what was left of it into a black, shining mass of umbrellas. Of the two men who met to try their strength in the scullers' race for. the championship of England and £400, it is not necessary to say much, as their former achievements are in the memery of all who take an interest in aquatics. J olm Higgins is a Shadwell waterman, who, in the International Regatta, last October, was vanquished by the youthful Blaekman. and Robert Watson Boyd is a Tyne-sider who in turn beat Blaekman ou the me morable occasion we have just referred to Four steamers were chartered to accom pany yesterday's race, and they were all crowded. The time appointed for the start was a quarter past 2, but as usual, it took place somewhat later, the word being given precisely at a quarter to three. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attack of boils, the betting had been strongly in favour of Higgins, the odds at an early period of the day being 2 to 1, but as soon as the rough weather began to affect the state of the water making it as lumpy as it might have been at Blackwall, the distance graduallj- sank till in a few instances 11 to 10 was taken Boyd was attended by Bagnall, and Higgins by Drewitt, and each man was cheered on stripping, though the appear ance of Boyd was decidedly better than that of his opponent. A clear lead of two lengths was gained at the start by Boyd, who from that moment held the race secure, Higgins having not the ghost of a chance against him. To the Gateshead man the storm troubled water was a piece of good luck, and the knowledge of this fact, indeed, had completely changed the betting. Before the Bishop's Walk was quite passed by the leading man, his boat was four lengths ahead; and he was sculling easily at lengths, wlieu going by the Crab Tree. Higgins, on the other hand, laboured hard, as the south-westerly squall was rising to a dangerous fury. The Soap "Works were reached in 7m. Ss. by Boyd, and 7m. 17s. by Higgins; and Hammersmith-bridge in 8m. 41s. by Boj'd, and 8m. 50s. by Higgins ; hut the nine seconds' difference might easily have been increased by Boyd had he thought it necessary to exert himself a little more. So hollow a race would necessarily have been a very dull and unexciting one, had not a cause of so anxious uncertainity, arisen from the perturbed condition of the tide. It was by no means unlikely that accident might turn the fortunes ot the day ; for a positive sea was running, and the frail craft were buffeting with white crested waves that ever and anon hid them from sight. Still, it was far more probable that Higgins would be the suf ferer than that mischance should happen to Boyd; for wbilo ttie latter shot his boat with comparative steadiness through the foam, Higgins seemed all abroad, and was compelled again and again to stop, in order to right his staggering vessel. A space of at least 200 yards was between the men as Boyd went under Barnes- bridge, and that he could have won by a quarter of a mile is undeniable, had not he judiciously slackened pace. As it was, Higgins, who showed an utter in ability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behind at the finish, Boyd winning in 28min. 24sec. by Benson's chronograph. With the stakes of £400 and the scullers' champion ship, Boyd also took as a challenge trophy the handsome cup given by the proprietors of a N ewcastle paper. It is likely that Boyd or Blackham may go to Australia, and there compete with Trickett, who last June easily defeated Joseph Sadleir for the Thames Championship, but de clined, before leaving England, to row with Higgins. 