^tENIN©~-A:Np---COirSE6RA'TIOMc':;O^' TRINITY CHURCH. | ^.-Tais -handsomo edifice— a dosoription'of i which appeared^ in our issue of Friday last — I ,-lvas formally opened on Saturday afternoon, on .^vhio'h' Occasion there wob a largo congregation presont.- After the rcoital of tho usual ovoning prayers, tho. -Right Rev. Dr. Halo preached a most impressive sermon on tho subject of I?! Charity.' . His Lordship's dincourso w«b 'ln.al^XJ'f. Halo's sermons, and was listened to: \vi£h profound attention by tho wholo congroga tion,' Amongst those present woro Sir Maurice' and -Lady O'Conrioll, tho Hon. John Douglas, 'and many other leading citizons. ' Yesterday, morning tho consecration. Bervicol took place, the church being crowded in ovory! part, ' His Lordship, accompanied by tho Rovs. Messrs. Mftbalm and Smith, arrived, at tho building shortly after 11 o'clock, and was mot. by tho incumbent of Trinity Church (tho Rov. ; Mr. Lovo) and the churchwardens, Messrs. ' Gibbon and 'Wybom. Tho following peti tion was read : — To tho ltlglit Itov. Mnthow Blagdon Halo, D.D., by divine permission, Ifehop of Brisbano. Tho petition of tho undersigned respectfully showotb that for nrnny years tno'parisMonovs of Portltudo Vnl.'oy hnvo wor ehippe'd inabuildiug uscil both no .a school and a euuroh. . Thta caince, novor woll suited for n church, has become too small for tho requiromer.ts of tho parish, and tho pnrishionors at considerable cost fcavo erected a spacious aud elegant building, nnithoy now request you will dedicuto it to tho blessed Trinity to bo called. Trinity Church, so that it may novor bo claimed SB private property, alienated from lettered uses, nor appropriated to any nurposos dishonouring to God, but that for the present 7iud for all timo it may bo a tomplo whoroiu our children nud our children's chiWron may worship Almighty God, aeoordins to tho teachings of His Holy 'Word and the ritual of tho Catholic and Eeformed Church, of England. And your petitioners .as in duty bound will ever pray. . — ,(Slgned) ? Jambs Lovk, ? ..I,'.''- £'wwSSIi-}Oh««flnn»to»- A. E lloov.ns, ~\ ??:???'????'? l-i'o^t^; Vestr^on. ' B.EiuiHO. J /His, Lordship briefly replied, expressing pleasure at being able to .comply with the prayer of tho petition. ' .. :? ; ? The consecration service was then proceeded -with, nn,d at its conclusion his' Lordship deli vered.tothciRov. Mr! Lovo tho following certi Ijhitii,-'— :: ;'.,;;:.. .. - -,' ::???? v-This ia to nertify thut this ohuroh— to be honcoforth designated cud known as tho Church of tho Ever Blessed Trinity, Portitudo Valley— is now consecrated sndtiet apart forever from all profano and common uses,' and is*' dedicated to the worship and service of the evar.Uossed Trinity, tho Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost. *'-' '' '(Hgnod). Matthkw E. IUle, n ''''? ?'?'?' , Bishop of Brisbane. /:auly22,i877i' ; / '?? S-'The congregation then engaged' in prayer, tXiei -which Dr. Hale preached, talcing for his text 1- Kings, viii., 22-G2. His Lordship's sermon was, as usual, simple in language, proo tioal in. theory, and eloquent in delivery. Tho church was crowded during tho service, and amongst1 those present wore His Excellency tho Governor and Miss Konnedy, together with the -yipe-regal suite. ''iAt.tho afternoon service tho Rov. J. H. L. Zillnian preached, and at tho close of his sormon the Sunday School children retired to tho fichool, where about fifty prizes wore presented to; the most deserving children by Dr. Halo. '. .At the evening servico there was again a large congregation, and the Rov. Mr. Mahalm preached an oloqnont sermon, directing his discourse against the ranks of Frcethought. ..The collections during the whole of the ser vices 'amounted to £125 6s. 8d., -which is a very respectable ,sum, considering that the parish ioners havo already contributed over £3,000 to.warda the erection of the building. 