THE ELECTIONS. ?aor HON. J* SERVICE AT *ab MALDON. (BT OUR OWN BEPOBTEB.) MALDON, MONDAY. Thn Hon. James Service addressed the .lectors of M»Mon at the local Maaonichall ewning. The chair was occupied by Mr. J^hn HornBby, present, 0( tbe shire. About 450 persons were present. m Mr SSBVICB, was well received and heartily fc«nred I«1 the course of a review of the ..T ha said tbe whole three sessions were ^ to aetting the ins put oat, and Ihe ontB putin, and although the ina were Sways willing to go on with work, the outs would let them. So far, therefore, as ih« work of the country is concerned, the members of the late Parliament can Rive bat » becearly account of their stewardship. Now the unsatisfactory feature in this strife that it was not . war of pnnciplea-it was not even a war of parties-it was a simple giving for personal aggrandisement The SSt session passed almost fruitlessly, be SSe it was deliberately arranged that it Scold be fruitless, and some of the gentle, nen now at the head of affau*, and anme of the gentlemen who used to sit tehind tbem, deliberately and intentionally tended themselves together to prevent, by every stratagem- chiefly by bogus motions and extemporised discnssions-the Ministry af the day from getting on with the public business. M Nagging" was the Mine then riven to the process of impeding the work of Parliament. At a later period the process was known as " stone waliing " but the two nrocesses were identical. "Keep nagging" was the password of the canny gentleman who directed the attack, and keep nagging his faithful lieutenants did, and so tbe ses sion was nagged to a close at Christmas, 1874, with hardly anything to show for ?even months' work bat the estimates and the Local Government Bill Tne Hfumn of 1875 opened under conditions of unusual interest The incidence of taxa tion a revision of the tariff, an amendment of the Land Act, and other subjects of a leading character were expected to be dealc with, Mid the gentlemen of the Opposition were in high spirits, believing that either the Ministry would fail to take a " bald and comprehensive" course in dealing with sr> many important subjects, in which case they would succumb through incapacity, or else they would come to grief through one or other of the numerous accidents inseparable from a long and arduous campaign. In either case the great object of parliamentary existence would be folly secured, viz., the replenishing of a vacant Treasury bench. The Budget of 1875 was at length unfolded, and to the disappointment of the gentlemen on tbe other Bide, seemed to give general satisfaction throughout the country. I am not going to weary jou with a detailed narrative of tbe proceedings. Suffice it to say that the Government had to sustain the attack of two separate and distinct parties, the one led by Mr Berry, which rallied round the old flag of protection ; and the other by Sir James M'Culloch, whose banner bore no inscription of any Bort, but simply flaunted the death's head and cross bones. For Mr Berry, however much and strongly I have differed from his methods of conducting political warfare, I have alwayB enter tained the respect due to one who fights under his own distinguishing pen nant, and a defeat from him, after a fair battle-each side for its own flag, and all that it Bymbolised-would have been ac cepted by the Government and tbe country, as in no way dishonourable either to the victor or the vanquished. But Sir Jamejj was a mere pirate. He was a rover on hie own personal acconnt. He fought for no creed-no principles, bat purely and solely for his o«n aggrandisement. He succeeded at last. He upset the Kerferd Government -he upset the Berry Government, and having at length obtained the object of hit ambition, he was willing to cry quits with Parliament and the country, and to settle down quietly and respectably to enjoy his ill-gotten gains. He had no particular views of his o«u on the subjects which de manded the attention of Parliament, and so, as he coald not form an Administration with* out the assistance of those whom he had ejected from office, and as he could not get their assistance without carrying ont tbe policy which they had advocated, and he had opposed-why, it was all right, he would carry out that policy. That policy as enunciated by Mr. Service was enough to sink any Go* vernment, but it was all right when an nounced by Sir James M'Calloch. Tbe Government of Mr. Kerferd deserved to die, because it had not retrenched the expendi ture-the Government of Sir James M'Cul loch was entitled to live, although it in creased the expenditure by £90,000. ventlemen, hitherto in political warfare some veil, however flimsy, has been thrown over the personal motives which too fre quently influence public men, but in thi instance there was none. It was plain, uu jjwgmsed self-seeking. And what was the con sequence ? The consequence was the uttei demoralisation of Parliament. i will now turn to the topics which sn ot more immediate interest-those que* n«nB T^ieh are not behind, but before 5?" I take first the question of tain uon. My views as to the necessities, the *ke extent of new taxation wer^ Si i»f Jol? emhodied in my budget speech .ii *! ? . »and I have seen no reason to vary '"eopiniona I then expressed. What we wan i r.Ve Present time is to shift some of tbe nSu om the classes who have not »"? quued property to those who have. W. J®'T adjust the payment of the tax* more fairly,according to the means torT, ?aSei* I proposed to do this by a tg, houses, by a stamp tax, by a thin.. n°tes and some other minor C*8' by at the same time remitting tfah£?k dutleB the extent of £230,000. I fh?i® proposes would have fairly met knni?!! Puta lea8t» Rnd 1 do not Doied t K?gJlirer that can yet be pro 5' transferrins; a larger shonM»L t harden 0f taxation to the Bhould tbe wealthy, every endeavour 8E h.5? nlfde, to «lve ®ffect 60 ^e prin contrihnii I ot the wealthy shall do tbia ^luJ know not possible to Pleten«» u i.eT®n 101 approach to com be clsSoL £ ^ Mm to do 80 shonld clared t? Bhown *ad unmistakably de Bense nf j you- attack one class only, the periv °* "Uustace is immediately and pro class "not only amongst that People whn'iiP4 aP?onB rU right-thinking of the «IL .ev?that to "do jastly"is one .tatosB £71.*0 4ntie8« of course circum iecenPB»,^8 &nM; 'a which it might be ParliamiLt0 ^nwatrate the whole power of ttake U ®.P«ticnlar tax in order to land 'or example, the owners of land » tot. ®xample, the owners ^ aWy56' faces against being ever in ti* u' there is no ground what. 110 ^eve anything of the sort. My ^nLiwiT'^ ^ai tax-8ir James H tax'.were ^ rejected WTn» S«S^ tiXmw m^0 Bnt 1511*11 ^ no Party to a penal Jax on owners of land. How any man ? head juad an honest mind can advocate Boch a thing is beyond my compre hension, .ffie post facto laws are tabooed by every civilised nation, and the main^n^nn* 0f good faith la a firBt duty of every man and of ev#ry state with reBpect to any contracts they may have entered into. What right has »ifj^ to ®?larned increment of land which was sold without reserving this right ? bonght did. not onderstknd r®Berv®d,by the state, the had not the remotest idea that they were so reserving it, and yet there are grown men. in this community who de dare that one party to a bargain may alter in bis own favour conditions which both parties had agreed on years before. But this absurd notion is based on a still more absurd theory, viz, that the owners of land now greatly increased in value are the identical persons who originally bought those lands at the low prices, whereas we know that in hundreds of, instances such is not the case. The anginal buyers of large quantities of land have sold the land, and pocketed this unearned increment, and gone away, many of them to other countries. Is the state to follow them, or is it to levy on the unfortunate present holders ? That the state has a perfect right to deal with even the alienated lands of the colony as the neces* sities of the commonwealth demand can admit of no difference of opinion. I do not know any individual or any class which dis putes it for a moment. Lands are taken away every day for railway and other necessary pur poses. The state may appropriate the broad lands of Sir Samuel Wilson or Mr. W. J. Clarke and parcel them out amongst a thousand selectors; but if the state do so it must grant full compensation. What is for the benefit of all must not be for the ruin of one. Thus, whilst the state possesses and must always retain the power to resume land when state policy demands, this power constitutes no basis whatever for the levying of taxation of any kind. Whilst, however, I will be no party to a penal or bnrating-np tax on land, 1 believe that land ought to be taxed, and taxed more heavily than other description of property, as I stated in my budget proposals of 1875, not because the state has one particle of more right to your land than it has to my ship, but because the nature of property in land is different from that of other kindB of property. With respect to the accumulation of large estates, I confess I have viewed it with much misgiving, espe cially on seeing extensive tracts of country formerly occupied by agricultural settlers now devoted anew to grazing, and I tbink ttaffe new Parliament, if it can spare any time from personal quarrels, would do well to consider how this evil can in future be prevented. Oar territory is not a large one, and our ob ject should be to have it thickly peopled by a comfortable proprietary, ratber than have it turned into a congeries of grazing estates, or the abode of a mere tenantry of farmers. As respects the fdtnre, therefore, this question demands serious consideration, so that the evil we complain of may not con tinue and increase. But the question as regards the existing large estates is not an urgent one. There are even some crumbs of comfort to be extracted from these past accumulations - the benefits have not been all to the large landowners Who can say that the past baying out of small farmers by laTge proprietors has been wholly and solely evil? If there had been no buying there could have been no selling, end what would have been the present con dition and future prospects of hundreds of Bmall farmers if tbey could not have sold their meagre allotments ! Do they not now enjoy in their own persons and families the immense advantages arising from increased acreage ? Have they not greatly improved their position ? And is this not the identical class for whose advantage we have been specially legislating for many years past? But if we burst up the present large estates by penal taxation, who will benefit by it? Will any of our would-be settlers become purchasers of theBe lands at high priceB, with prompt payment to make in cash, or interest on deferred payments to accumulate, when they have millions of Crown lands to Belect from at aponnd an acre, payable over a period of 10 years ? Tee thing is absurd. Let us go on settling the lands wbich yet belong to the Crown, and let us put a fair and equitable tax on existing landowners, and when the time does come that the Crown lands are all selected, and population begins to press on the means of subsistence, the evil which we now deplore will either have found a natural solution, or it can be dealt with by the Parliament of the day in the way in which only it can conduce to the interests of the country, viz., in a spirit of equity and honest statesmanship. And whilst I am speaking about the Crown lands, I may say, as regards settlement, that I think the question now is not so mnch how to give easy access to the land as it is how to prevent eaBy egress from it. We want our people to settle down permanently and not to be moving from place to place. I oonsider the residence clauBe the back-bone of settlement, and I would extend the term of probation so that dummy arrangements would be less easily effected, and so that improvements would accumulate before the time came for issuing the lease to an amount that it would not be profitable for the squatter to pay. Thefree-trade and protection question is one that I am heartily sick of chiefly owing to the intemperate manner in which it is discussed. I have in no way ohanged my own opinions on the subject, and, as I showed at the outset, when I had to choose between resigning office and actively promoting protection views, I cheerfully accepted the former alterna tive. The practical ques tions between freetraders and protectionists now are- first, the further extension of pro tection ; and, second, the perpetuation of the system. The first is not a very important point, inKsmnch as there is very little room for extension. The tangled mass of fiscal abominations which constitutes our present tariff covers almost every article of import except those that have been purposely exempted by protectionists, themselves. The second question is the all-important one-Is protection to be a temporary expedient, or a perpetual policy ? I can conceive and reBpect, without concurring in, certain arguments in behalf of a temporary protection, so w to afford a helping hand to industries accli matisable In this country. But I feel it difficult to understand on what groundB cer tain classes of the community, who live by their daily round of toil, can be expected to submit to be treated as perpetual bondsmen by certain other classes of their fellow workmen, and be doomed for all time to oome to a weekly contribution, through the Customs, from their own earnings, jn order to add to the Minings of others. J knprr, it is argued that when protection has estate lished an industry competition will step in and cheapen the product, and so the pro tective doty will cease to operate, and the consumers cease to be hurt Now if the pro. tective dnty ceases to operate there is no longer any reason for its existenoe, and its repeal is the only possible method we can take to assure ourselves that consumers are not being hurt. Thus there ought to be a limit in time to the existenoe of pro tective duties. Competition nnder snch duties does not always result in cheapening prices. We have a notable illustration of this at present in the article of candles. Candlemakers in Victoria are now protected by a duty of 2d. per lb., or over 25 per cent They have now established their industry, and are competing with English makers in the other colonies. But to do so they have to charge lilb. less to persons in Sydney, or Adelaide, or Albnry, tban to persons in Melbourne, or Maldon, or Ecbuca, so that a merchant in Melbourne can buy from the candlemakers there at 8fcL a lb. if he gives an undertaking to send the candles to New Booth Wales or New Zealand, but he must pay lOJd. per lb. for them if he wants to send them to Caatlemaine or Maldon. That is a curious sort of protection to you, but it is illustrative of the whole subject* That kind of protection protects the candle* makers in Melbourne, but it does not protect the candle consumers in Maldon, ana every householder and every miner amongst yon may have the intense satisfaction of knowing tbat for every pound of candleB he burns he paja ljd. more than the people in the ad> joining colonies, in order to increase the wages or the profits of some brother* man in Melbourne. Now, this is loving one's neighbour better tban one's Belf, for which there is no law or commandment what, ever. This is only a sample case. What is happening with candles is happening with other articles, and the range is continually widening. I am not in the least degree finding fault with the candlemakers. There bas been sunk, I suppose, not less than £100,000 of private oapital in endeavouring to establish this industry in the colony, and the enterprising adventurers naturally desire to get some of it back. What I want you to understand is the extent to which you are contributing to the maintenance of this and otber industries. But if you make protection a permanent policy you cannot helpyourselveB. We are therefore forced to the conclusion that protection can be, and ought to be, at most only a temporary expedient. If this were fully recognised and acknowledged by protectionist leaders there might easily be arrived at some amicable arrangement by which the ghosts of free trade and protection might be finally laid. But if it is determined tbat protection is to be a permanent policy, then the battle must go on, in the present unsatisfactory fashion-protection and free trade being both placed at a miserable disad tege. The qaeBtion of education iB one that ought not to be passed over in silence ou the ground tbat it iB settled. A very strong effort, although, I believe, a futile one, will be made by our Catholic friends-or, at all events, by the clerical portion of them-to secure a separate grant for their own schools, and it was rather neatly put the other day by a distinguished politician, that when the heat and excitement of the controversy wore off, the majority might generously concede to the minority this separate grant Now I cannot ba a con senting party to that. The proposal of oar Catholic friends is entirely unreasonable, both from their own standpoint and from ours. Wby iB it unreasonable from their oven standpoint? Because they ask from ProtestantB what they have at all times and in all countries refused to grant to Protes tants. There is no country in the world subject to the unrestricted authority of the Catholic clery in which freedom to teach the Protestant faith in schools, or toexercise .it in churches, is permitted. Whilst the Pope ruled in Rome, not a Protestant church or Bchool was allowed within the walls, and only the other day bis Holiness formally pro tested from bis palace of the Vatican against a very mild clause in the new Spanish con* stitution, which granted a certain limited permission to Protestants to worship after their own fashion. Here, as in all parts of the British dominions, the Catholic clergy possess the liberty to do what they like in their churches and Bchools-a liberty which we Proteetants would be ashamed to deny tbem; but not contented with being fall sharers in a liberty which Protestants have created, they want us to contribute a special endowment to their separate schools condncted under the sanction and directions of tbeir clergy, and Burrounded with all the emblems of their faith. If we refuse, they plead conscience-they, who never in any age or country regarded such a plea from those who differed from their creed. Bat a violation of conscience cannot be fairly pleaded, because we neither compel them to do ibat which they believe to be wrong, nor do we prevent them from doing that which they believe to be right, and no conscience can be violated except in one or other of those two ways. In our educational system we Bimply Bay to them, " Come and share the advantages of our national schools; if you don't care to do bo, take your own course." And now why is the proposal unreasonable from our standpoint ? Because it is at variance with a fundamental principle in our constitutional system, viz., that the majority shall rule. The majority has decided on having one grand national system of secular education. If, however, we concede a separate grant to the Catholics, how could we refuse it to the Jews, or to other sects, who doubtless would claim the same conces sion ? The result would be that the national ffnd secular system which the people of this country have willed into existence would fall to pieces, and so the policy of the country on this all-important question would be dictated by, and ba in accord witb, the'opinions of the minority, and not of. the majority, of the people. I am glad to know that our Catholic friends in large numbers are availing them selves of the great advantages of our state schools, and I trust they will Boon all dis cover that there iB nothing immoral or irre ligious in allowing their children and ours to learn the ABC together. I have always been opposed to payment of members, and I am more so now than ever. I think it haB deteriorated the class of members and can didates-placed them in an altogether false position with the constituencies, redaced the value of the Parliamentary debates, and led to a dreary waste of time in the Honse. Who cares now to read through a volume of i Hansard t The debates, take them as a whole, are not worth reading. They are un interesting in almost every sense of the word, and the time wasted in repetitions by one member after another of the same bald arguments again and again, because all must express their views, is altogether appalling to those in the House, and can hardly be imagined by those out of it I am not in the least afraid tbat demo cracy will suffer if payment of members BLould cease. So long as the people have votes, so long will they be able to secure trusty representatives, and these would co&isiRtof; A more educated and lei surely dan, who would derate the tone of democratic feeling, and command respect for democratic principles. At present democracy is handicapped almost oat of the running by the ignorance, the feebleness, and the trncu lence of some of its apostles. I trust that next session will see the end of this experiment ... I shall now call year attention for a few minutes to the speech of Sir James M'Colloch at Warrnam. DOOL When I read it it reminded me of the old Scotch proverb-" Cauld kail het again." Here we have a revision of the tariff, a land tax, reform of the Council, railway extension, mining on private property, amendment of the Land Laws, civil service reform -these are the chief ingredients in the dainty diBh which Sir James sets before the people. But 1 think we have heard of these subjects before. I think every one of them iB to be found in the Governor's speech at the opening of the session of 1875, i.e, two years ago. Wby are they not disposed of? Are these subjects veritable stones of Stey phus-to be perpetually rolled up the hUl just to fall back again? Or the waters of Tantalus, to always recede as the lips ap. proach them ? Why have they not been dealt with long ago, and left room for others of equal importance ? Ask Sir James M'Culioch. But for him we Bhould have had a land tax two years ago, and would already have pocketed £300,000 from that source. But for him the tariff would have been revised two years ago-trade would have been relieved, and the country would have paid through the Customs £460,000 less than they have done. But for him we should have had in operation for the past two yeam the identical amendment he now proposes in the Land Act to extend the term of probation to ten years. But for him railway extension would have been two years further advanced than it is. But for him the Civil Service re form he now talks about would bave been ere thiB an accomplished fact. Gentlemen, I merely state that which you all do know, and that which happily all the colony knows. .The very measures Sir JameB now places before the country are the identical measures which he and his friends " nagged" to death in 1875. Sir James M'Culioch has not con tributed one solitary idea towards our legis lation since his accession to office. All the foregoing proposals were actually in print be fore the Kerferd Government resigned. In not one of them is there a change of any im portance-indeed, I know of no change at all except in the mode of levying his land tax, which he does well to make the most of. He, who has again and again permitted the House to turn his measures inside out-he, who has meekly Bwallowed an entire budget without making even a wry face 1 And yet thiB iB the gentleman who can go to Warr nambool and utter these words in reference to another politician - "I think there should be Bome consistency in public men." . . . When the new Parlia ment meets I hope it will have something more important to consider than this very new and quite original pro gramme. The country haa yet to express an opinion on certain episodeB which occurred in the late Parliament, and I shall be greatly disappointed if it ntters nn un certain sound. Whatever variety of opinion may exiBt among the various sections m the community, I trust to see unanimity on this one point, that men who unblushingly advo cate to-day the identical principles which they denounced yeBterday will not be per mitted to have anything to do with the government of the country. Mr. Service sat down amid loud cheers. A vote of confidence in Mr. Service was carried unanimously. Three groans were given for Sir James M'Culioch. 