,THE ,'NOVELIST. THE LAST OF HIS TRIBE; ON, THE GHOST OF THE GRANGE. A TRUE NARRATIVE OF HAMILTON, (BY PATRICIUS.) "There are more things In heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." CHAPTER III. "When lo I arrayed in ghastly garb A witchly stranger came; She cleared the mists that dimmed my sight.. Mis-Fortune was her name."-ANoN. The monarch Day with his crown of gold had retired to the West; and the Queenly Night, usurping the throne of Time, clothed herself in a mantle,of black, and prepared to reign under her spangled starry canopy. All appeared tranquil and serene, when a female form atole to the police station, Hamil ton, and enquired for Sergiant Hull. In a few minutes the sergeant was con fronted by a strange.looking. woman, clad in black, closely veiled, and hold nog a bundle under her left arm. The woman unveiled herself, and exposed a moat forlorn-looking countenance, the knittiog of her brows and the piercing glianc of her staring eyes predicted a tale either f.troubleor roo. Before the sergeant had time to provide a seat, she raised one hand imploringly,,aud gave her prefatory remarks in the fol. lowing strain: 'Ohb sergeant, sergeant, I'm' an unfortunate woman named Mrs. 'Tone, who has linked my life to a sailor ' 'What do you want?' peremptorily demanded Sergeant hull, whoresenited, with a feeling of disdain thie tmstimunt of raillery ngainst th-I partno r.f;,lei: bosoim. 'I come to tell you of r murder,' answered the dinme, awaitig with a stern gaze for the effect of the start jing word. ' Murder I' 'Yes, Do you see this shirt?' and the .rnmam ,,unfohlet". the \ggarment, which was ,besmeaset .with .black clotted.blood, at the eamo time throw ing another.~piercing, gaze from her small black eyes. Prt oceed,' demanded the sergeant eagerly. aTo begin .at the. beginning,' said thoewoman, laying hold of thie nearest chair. ' Weo. all remember the great blaloklfellow's war on Poet's Hill last week. Well, since that time, I am in a position to state, several of the antagonists having succumbed from their wounds.' By this remark the sergeant thought he recognised the womean, and his sup. position was voriflei wwhen he en quired if she. was the fortune-teller who lived in the suburbs of the town, and around whose abode the blacks were known to congregate and erect their miemies. iMrs. Tone, the witch,,' they call me; bhut I only give thir heat of them a ' out' of the pack. You sea tthe Jack menus knavery, and the KinL g meons'- 'Never mind, my doer woman; ra turn tolthl purport of your errnd,,.' * I will, Sir. You see, all the blacks had gouo to their native haunts ex eepting six who stayed in town, viz., Tommy Skullcap, Tiger, Billy Brown, bandy Ilnmllto,, Jimmy Gundie, and, his luhta. They pitched their tenrt .near my place, and one vening Snllly Hamilton ,itol a battle of brandy, nill brought it to the tent, wheni tLhe Whlol camp indulged in drunken reveltS. I had a " taste"-noverlholees, I comno of respectable parents; my father was . Ip.?le Clamir lio, ,and mother .Never mind your mother, my dear I woman; confine yourself totthe sub ject,' Interpos?ed Sergeant Hull. .'.Yes. 'I thought the blacks were I rpthqr ..quarrVlome,, when I went to i my, bed and an I dropped off to peace ful repose 1 secretly prescribed the I same antidote for their troubles. Towards midnight,I was aroused from my sluinberl" by a heastrcnding shriek, I end I heard poor ,Jimmy Gondie t plainly and pitifully call three times; I ' Mrs. Tone, Mra. Tone, Mrs. Tone ' t' I listened again, and all was still. t Then I returned to the arms h of:Morpheus, I am; well educated, although a common sailor's wife ; I was taught by Lord,' ..'Never mind the Lord, my dear I woman ;' remonstrated the sergeant once I more, 'continue your statement.' I !Very'well. In the.morning all the c blacks had vanished, excepting Sandy I Hamiston, who complained that his comrades had' left .him. Three days I elapsed, and no sign or appearance of t Jimmy Gundie. Ah ! sergeant, if you c only knew how faithful that black boy I ha served me, and how punctual he t gathered the morning's wood and t brought me the water from the well, through long, long years, from his infancy . . My attachment was no un common one-I regarded him as my I own offspring-.-Ie wasu my very?faith- r ful dog.' . ' Never mind your, dog,' said the r sergeant, with a knit of his brow. * Well, one day, as I was sitting in a the bedroom, quickly darning Harry's I socks, and thinking over Jimmy's long absence, Sandy Hamilton suddenly a knocked at the door, and I whimeically - refused to answer. Believing pro bably that no one was at home, he I walked in, and deliberately' taking my c carver:from the 'knife-box, sneaked off bushwards with 'it hidden. under his I waistcoat, I went to the window, my I eyes following his footsteps, and l as. I saw his ...resolute step departing with the foiled cunning that I he, was unperceived, and reflected on d their fight of the past week, the hatred g existing between Sandy and Jimmy, the v vow of 'revenge,' the sudden disappear- c ance, and lstly,. the stolen, knife, Ils trembled withl vague kafright as a fearful e suspicion crept over. me l, But no.-it g was too horrible-and I contented my t mind temporarily with the belief 'that ii Sandy had gone to cut a boomerang. A. week has pawed since that occurrence, h anid no tidings of Jimmy. I sought e Sandy, and he denies ever taking at a knife fromnt my place-the wretch Il His comrades of that especial night, he a states, have all gone towards the e Wimmera, to regions unknown. My f Jimmy, go to the 'Wimmern, without I saying " Good, bye Susey l". No, ino I I told my husband of the circumslance, and he called me a " fool." . Alas I for a human frailties, that poor. weak wom"an is bound to submit to the jurisdiction of d a sailor-man ; "universal suffrage," they a say-but .where is women's suffrage ' .'Never mind .women's suffrage, my dear woman, what did your husband I ay t' During: the latter question the. witch had worked her feelings up to frenzy point on the question of ' women's rights' and in less time than it can be read, with :.elenched fist, gave onee md c turn oq her heel which displayed the proportions of a wild Mullingar heifer I Sergeant Hull was on the point of dismissing the dante, when his eye caught the bloody shirt, and a sense of duty compelled him to listen furthebor. .'.Deipito the,opipiuon of my husband,' continued Mrss..Tone,..sonow.hat. com posed, after the free. vent to:her, feelings, ' I went, forth bushwarde, in' hopes to trace 'flesh, blood, or thones of my faithful Jimmy. After traversing about a mile, I encountered a wild wattle. :paddock, thickly studded with young shrubs, and then I bpegan- my search:- Under.: bush, log, itoile, in hole,'stump, pnd fonie, andti looking for signs of. broken ground, I wasted the day, and. wan on the point of returning home, when I espied a suspicious-look ing log in a lone sequestered spot, I turned it over, and, Great God! I discovered this.' The woman hero displayed the red Crimean shirt, darkly stained with unmistakable human gore. The sergeant spoke not, but lihatened. ' This was Jimmy's shirt, continued the witch. It was one of my husband's, which I gave the poor fellow that lie might appear decently clad on the fighting-day. Take my word, ser geant aid hero' her eyes flashed a fire of indignation, there lhas been foul play, and Sandy Hamilton is the cul pritl Everybody would have sworn that their two lives were blended in a brotherly love; but the fight, sergeant -the wound from' Jimmy's lianglo 'twas more than he could beati. Sandy wore ahang-dog look about lhi coon. tenunco wliotn lie stole my knife.' The women gave a short pause, as if awaiting the opinion of the public guiirdihu of tile pence. r WVhiiat Ipirposn could the knife serve, wheln the bodly hadl been missing for a week? wondlered the sergeant. 'To cut his corpse into pieces,' atswered Dnmo Tone. ' Blackf'llowsn buroy thit flesh, but not the bonen- bul'i''ug or loauting is their destily.' SIIave you seen Sandy lHlnilton hitce the occurreunce?' atorlogatedc Serganut lIull. '.Yes,'. returied. the dame, 'and lie persists iin i' .avowed innouency, ,deples b Ah4ng, ba-th.ie kdfel-,-denisb hio, un grdW5'th his 6m4ptade,--' denies the identity of. his ahirt,-and professes a deep regret for the absence of his dear brother. What infamy I He even sayd hbe will start in the morn. ing to the Wimmera in quest of Jimmy.' ' In the morning 1' the sergeant asked sharply. ' By daylight,' nodded the witch. The seurgeant rang a bell, and i vigilant ' blue' was at his service. ' Go. with Mrs. Tone, .Kilkelly.' .said the sergeant, addressing his subordinate. and arrest the aboriginal Sandy HIamil ton, on a charge of vagranoy, My good woman, call on me to-morrow.' .Mrs. Tone left, the shirt, by request. with Sergeant Hull, and was on the point of reasnsuring him that she was a hard-.working woman, of the .' blue' blood of the " Camerons, unfortunately linked to a sailor, when the sergeant dismissed her and Kilkelly with a Fer emptory ' Good night I' Hull was a.man of.few..words.. He had listened attentively to the plaintive talk of Ihe 'woman, and although he could recognise no substantial proof, of the crime, there was that circumstantial evidence which undoubtedly pointed to a hidden attrocity. -Sandy Hamilton spent that night in ' durance vile,' antd most part of. next day .in endurance of a severe catechising from. the diligent sergeant, but. all to no purpose. He persisted in an avowed innocency, his professed ig norance' steering him, clear of the slightest. commitment,. although his stubborneess impressed a strong sus picion on the mind of,the sergeant. i ' The third day Sandy was discharged, and left to roam the world as he was -a murderer or an injured innocent although it could not be said that ' le left the court without a setin upon his character. \- The matter was already public pro perty, and lhad given rise to all sorts of imaginations, some adjudging Sandy inqcent from his: expressions of eorrbwat' the loss of his mate, and the fact of-his remaining and showing uno disposition to leave Hamiltont 'others going so far as to implicate Mrs. Tone with Jimmy's disappearance, by,reason of her double intimacy with Saudy sined his dismissal, whilst her state ment was ascribed to a fiendish strata gem to exonerate. herself. Specula tion of all sorts .was rife, and public indignation ran very high in the matter,-and all 'about a worthless blackfellow ! I IVorthles ? No, not so, dear reader. Jimmy Gundie's in timaey and friendship were worth gold to the possessor, a clear conscience and a manly heart beating Leneath a dusky skin, estimsble only. when the loss was felt, he had been universally fondled; lie was now universally regretted. Traces of Gundie's remains were eagerly sought. ' The common dam nudl. other water-holes in the vicl nity of the wattle paddock were dragged without avail; hollow trees sad logs were progged, ash-pits and manuro-lhapse were carefully analysed, -alllto no purpose, Sergeant. Hull, prgetacally, and figuratively, "left no stone runturned" that could have hidden the purest and most celebrated person age in'all the land, let alone a simple blackfellow. iWeeks passed over, months passed over, years passed over; and as time wbro on, it stole fronom thoe cirumstance thp charm of excitement. CnAPTErm IV. ' A change came o'er the spirit of my dream." -Braoe. Ten years had passed away, and in that interim umany. changes had taken place. The march anti progress of civilisa tion had almnost drivcn the aboriginal element from the town of Hamilton. There remained but one resident em bloem of bygone days, and .that was Sandy Uamilton-" The Last of His Tribo"-although occasionally we were honored with the calls of a fow of the itinerant type en rotate to the missionary station at Lake Condah for their annual. Government allowance, or returning from thence to barter their blankets for runm or tobacco. Sandy's applearance meanwhile had ap proached corpulency; so much so. that it ,had earned for him the repugnant appellation of ' Paunchy.' He led a nomadic life like a gipsy, characterised by a roving and begging disposition among the back-yards and butchers' shops, always discarding work, which was foroign. to the nature of his kitn. The stigma of Gundio's death was always cast into his teeth, and pretty genotrally loathed, his only symptathiser being a good hearted poundkceper, on whose latd always sat Sandy's minumia. With this gentlehman, indeed the black fraternity seemed to clhim an unfailing intimacy; and unto this day, the ctreggling types creep to his paddock for shelter. That he was our first sergeant of police and exercised a' kind and possessed a strong influence over them is true, and porhaps, may account for the feelitg. 'Mrs. 'i'tie, meaniwhile, had emerged from the forlori woiati of forty t) a haggard, wlerd old witch of fifty, and haii assiduonsly practised tit srt of witchcraft by ectting the cards, reonding the stars, asd interpreting, dtreimts. Even in this adwanced ltagou of civilizantion, her suporastitinus rnlliug found its constituonts, the general remnuneration being 'a drop in the bottlh,' whlich payment answered for the life of dissipltion, squalor, and mlsery.led by the witch aUd tier family In,a subirban hut, Gentle, .elmple, "atd thei most-refined of t~he felt sex even still seek the forlorn crib of this woman In rage or silk bearing.the hidden bottle, and depart in wonder ment at the peep into the mystic future, usually predicting husbands (fair or trail), riches, and housefuls of children. The annals of the Grange ford had in the ten years' interim become more blackened than ever, for it. was mean while that tihe boy Gale lost his life, and that the inemorable ' Shleonk Joe' met his untimely fate in the stifling waters, together with the numerous minor accidents and occurrences al ready related. " The horrors, and tragedies of this fated spot had, in fact, bhecome so noted that if a child was lost but fbr one hour, its mother was the next moment on that awful bank supplicating the mercy of the Blackened Waters. Spirits and phantom forms were said to hold com. mune in the locality, and after dark it was shunned by humanity. The ford, where a footbridge had lately been erected, was the main crossing-place between North and South Hamilton; but when Night had thrown her black mantle all around, pedestrians pre ferred the more circuitous route vii the large bridge on' the Portland road. Civilisation had strangely kept aloof from this immediate vicinity, although the town of Hamilton was rapidly progressing. The old Grange Inn was now turned into horse-training stables, and fast approaching decay, making desolation more lonely than before. During the last ten years good Sergeant Hull, as we all know, had met hie .fate,, having been shot through the body by a cowardly assassin, named Fiannigan, who paid the penalty of the law on the gallows. Sergeant Hull was succeeded by an official bearing the name of * " , who bore marks of distinction in the shape of a testimonial from his pre vious place, and possessed the cha racter both of an accomplished prose. cutor and an expert detective. The tale of Gundle's disappearance was sounded in the new sergeant's ears, for our faithful Jimmy had not been heard of on earth since his mournful wail-' Mrs. Tone, Mrs. Tone, Mrs. Tone l'--of years gone by. The sergeant, buoyed up with aspirit of ambition to distinguish himself, soon set his wits to work, determined to solve the problem even of a black man's death. * He succeeded not long after lile arrival in ' running in' Paunchy, the blackfellow, when he sub jected his sable charge to a severe cross.examlnatiosn. The witch, who soon made her acqaintance with the new sergeant, was. interviewed in a similar wise, and the vigilant 0 * 0 was satisfied as to the result, although nothing f'esh wans elicited from his in formants. The most unlikely places were forthwith examined, probably on the theory that all likely ones were long sines probed. One, at least, of these researches is worthy of record. One evening, when Sergeant" * was about to 'throw up the sponge' after a day's hunting among old fences and trees, he espied what might ihave been recognised as a prodigious 'possum hole in a tree behind the now Pro prietary College. He sent for. an urchin to climb the tree; and the boy, on reaching the spot, exclaimed, ' Bones!' Sergeant "* procured a bag, and the bones were ' buried.'. He wits about summoning a coroner's jury, when one of his acquaintances sug. gested the initiatory. stops of having the bones identified as human remains. Accordingly they were secretly for. warded to the Government Anatomist, who pronounced them to be the remains of akangaroo's hind quarters I .I could tell you the good.humoured wag who perpetrated the joke; but as he sleeps beneath the sod, let peace and happiness be his own. (To be continued.) Counter attraction pretty sales women. WVhen isa grocer like a highwayman ? When he lies in weight. Spiritual manifestations sometimes take the more tangible form of delirium tremens. It is exceedingly bad husbandry to harrow up the feelings of your wife, to rake up old quarrels, to hoe a grudge, and to sow discord. What is thle most enlightened nation? Illumination. IWhat is a husband's promise about giving up tobacco apt to end In? Smoke. Why is dancing likoenew milk? Because it strengthens the calves. ,The man who beat the drum for the ' Mlnarch of Time' line gone to play on the * horn of plenty.' Smith splnt two whole days and nights ins considering an answer to the conundrum-Why is no egg underdone likie an egg overdone? Ile would snllffur ino one to toll him, and at last llit upoin the solution--bcauso both are h1crdl done. A Flrench writer', in estimatilng the lfuture of cielnce., puinltls out thalt inl fifty or a htudred years time the Englishl laNguiige will, in all pro-. hlnabilily, lie .jiokei by.tC0,000,000 of innivitunii, while she G'iirinti will be ithe laiguilge of 120,000,000, inl the Frenuh of (Ai,000,000 uonly, and clthant in conseqosuence seuncu is likely to 'seek Engllaish clnnele of publication, salen tiflc bookes. necessarily seeking thie widest udlience. 