EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. The annual meetings m connection with the above Alliance were commenced on Monday evening, May 21, when a public meeting was held in thePirie-street Lecture Hall. There waa a moderate attendance, and tne Kev. W. K. Fletcher, MA., presided. After prayer and praise had been engaged in, The Chairmak said that before he was called upon to vacate the chair and give place to his successor it would perhaps be befitting that he should say a few words in reference to the various matters that had been before the Alliatce during the past year, and the objects and prospects of the Evangelical Alliance. Looking back upon tho past year, they would notice from the Secretary's report, which would shortly be sub mitted to them, that the Alliance did not appa rently show a great amount of successful work accomplished. But they must not forget that the object of the Alliance was twofold— the primary object being to represent visibly the idea that the Church, though split up into fragments, was nevertheless more united than she ever had been. (Applause.) The Alliance, then, represented the great fact that there was a drawing together of Christian minds. In our day we were not quite so much given to hairsplitting as our forefathers were. We saw that there was a oneness of sentiment stronger than the divergences of our creeds. He could not help but think that this drawing together of the various sections of the Christian Church was a feature of our day. 'We had just had a most notable illustration of it in a place where it was least expected. In Bonn there had latterly been a Conference of the representatives of several Churches, the object of which was to see if they could not arrive at some common ground on which a grand united and universal Church could be erected. It bad been said that this Conference was a failure, but he earnestly believed that the good resulting either directly or indirectly from it would be felt for many a day to come. . (Hear, bear.) He did not expect that we should all come to .think in the same direction. Truth was very beautiful to us, and we all saw it from our own standpoints. (Applause.) The Rev. M. J. Birks, the Secretary, then read the following report : — 'The Committee of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance, in presenting their annual report, are pleased to say that they have been enabled to put forth various efforts for the good of men and the revival of God's work in our midst. The work of the Committee is to a certain extent circumscribed, as the Alliance cloes not take up matters specially belonging to individual Churches, the object of the Alliance being the promotion of brotherly love among the members of Evangelical Churches and the defence of Christian truth against prevailing errors. ' The last annual meetings of the Alliance were held on May 29 and June 1, 1876. The attendance at the public meeting was moderate, but the united Communion service was largely attended and was felt to be a time of spiritual profit. A series of noonday prayer-meetings were commenced on Monday, July 17, and con tinued until November 13, when they were dis continued for the summer, and have not yet been recommenced. A special subject wis appointed for each meeting for meditation and prayer, and the city and suburbm ministers officiated in turn. The interest taken in these meetings, as estimated by the atten dance throughout, was not what some of your Committee expected, and thinking that an alteration in the day and time of holding the meetings was desirable, it was resolved to change the same to Tuesday, at 3 o'clock. This altera tion did not Improve but rather diminished the attendance. At a meeting held July 3 it was resolved to invite the Churches throughout the colony to offer special prayer to God for rain, attention to be drawn to the matter in the public services held on the following Lord's Day. A fortnight's special evangelistic services were commenced in the City Mission Hall on Monday, July 31. Handbill announcing the services and containing an address were distri buted from house to house in the north-west quarter of the city. These bills were distributed by persons from various Churches in the city. Hymns were printed for the services, as also in structions to workers. On some occasions there was a fair attendance of the persons the services were designed to reach ; and we are glad to know that th.i'AJfliigbty blessed the means employed to the spiritual good of some. Had these services been taken up by the respective Churches in earnest much good might have been accomplished ; as it was, the results were very limited. The Sub-Committee appointed to arrange for these services at the clo3f- thereof made several suggestions to the General Com mittee bearing upon further evangelistic work : but your Committee did not think well to adept them. The Churches in the colony were invited to set apart Lord's Day, February 18, 1877, as a day of thanksgiving to Almighty God for the blessings of the harvest, associating there with prayer for rain. The Churches in general responded, and on Monday evening, February 19, united thanksgivings services were held in the Wefileyan Church, Adelaide, aud in the Baptist Church, North Adelaide. The attendance was not large, but thoroughly repre sentative in character. Services are now being held in the Theatre Royal under the auspices of the Alliance, conducted by Mr. W. .Come Johnston, on the Sunday evening, commencing at 8.15. The attendance is very satisfactory. Noonday prayer-meetings are being held |this week in the Pirie-street lecture- room, prepara tory to a week's united services arranged to bo held next week in the same place, to be con ducted by Mr. Johnston. During the year your Committee have been obliged to make a special apptal to the city Churches for donations to tho fuiids of the Alliance, to which some readily responded ; but the amount thus realized did not enable the Treasurer to meet all the demands upon him. The Treasurer's bakuice-shoet will show the necessity for liberal help ou tho part of the friends of the Alliance-, and it i.s hoped that the contributions of to-night and on Wednesday next will leave a respectable balance for evangelical efforta during 1877-8.' Mr. J. J. Stcckey, M.A., read the Treasurers report, which showed the expenditure for tho year, including a balance standing over of £13, to be £30 4s. 7s., and a balance due to the Trea surer of £1 12s. lOd. Tho Gospel Mission Fund showed that there was a balance iu hand of £8 13s. 2d. Mr. Behkt, the City Missionary, moved tho adoption of the reports, and proposed the fol lowing as officers for tho ensuing year : — Presi- dent — Rev. S. Knight; Treasurer — Mr. J. J. Stuckey, M .A. ; Secretary— Rev. L. G. Carter; Committee— ltevs. \V. It. Fletcher, M.A., F. 'VV. Cox, J. Goodwin, J. Lyall, J. McEwiu, S. Mead, MA., T. Kper, W. P. Wells, M. J. Birks, and Messrs. G Hauce, F. Hann, T. W. Harris, A. O. Chambers, J. A. Bagshaw, T. S. Oarey, aud G. W. Cotton. Mr. Gkohge Phillips seconded tho motion, which was carried unanimously. * The Hcv. S. Kkiout, iu assuming the Chair manship of the Evangelical Alliance for the ensuing year, expressed his opinion that it was more through the kindness of tho members of the Alliance than his fitness that lie was elected to tne Presidency. He would not give place to any man in catholicity of feeling and in sentiments of ap preciation towards bis brethren and the sister Churches which assembled under the auspices of the_ Alliance. He believed wherever life was free and abundant it would express itself iu variety. He believed that all Christ's servants were presumptively inspired, and that the Holy Ghost was perpetually with the Church. He took it that all who assumed to be moved of God in these days bad this advantage— they bad a free scope and a fair platform ; they wero not persecuted or scorned, but were accorded a candid hearing. He trusted that all the Christians- in the colony would rally round our leader under God in the evangelistic services tbat were at present being held in the city, and that they would meet with such success as bad never been witnessed in the town before. (Ap plause.) He prayed tbat the Holy Ghost might descend in His plenary powers upon all tho Churches in the land. (Applause). The Rev. James Haslam then made a few remarks on ' The answer of evangelical Chris tianity to the great question, ' What must I do to be saved ?' ' This question, he took it, was one that was asked by every man in the world in some form or another ; and the answer was to be lieve in Christ and in the Scriptures. (Applause). The experience of centuries had proved that this answer was all that man needed. (Applause). But then came the question— Who is Christ ? He would answer— the Christ of tho Scriptures; not the Christ that some would havo them to believe Him to have been — merely a good man, though inspired to an extraordinary degree, much less the infatuated enthusiast that others would tell them He was. The Christ of tho Christians was the Son of God, the Kodeemerof mankind, and faith in Him would make them righteous before God. Then there were those who did not believe in the Bible. Those who did not believe in Christ did not of course believe in the Bible ; and they were consistent in their action, for the Bible and Christ stood or fell together. (Applause). But the Bible was not meant to teach them physical science; they must turn to other sources for that. (Applause.) The Bible, as Cardinal Baronius had observed, was not to tell them how the heavens moved, but bow people could get there. (Applause.) But despite all the secular criticism of ancient and modern times the Bible was still left uninjured, (Applause.) Mr. W. Corbik JoiiNBTOH said that although in business matters the people of the Australian Colonies were equal to those of the old country, yet as regarded Churches and Sunday-schools we were almost twenty years behind them. There never was an age when Christians ought to be more and more banded together in holding fast the faith once delivered to the saints than the present age. (Applause.) He urged all present to preach the gospel of work. He referred to the working of the Glasgow United Evange listic Committee, which had its awakening under the influence of Mr. Moody. This Committee began with a few members, but rapidly augmented. They used to go to the corners of streets and sing revival hymns — a line of action which resulted in bringing many hundreds of sinners to the Lord Jesus Christ. By-and-by their numbers increased to such an extent that they had to erect a large tent on Glasgow Green sufficient to accommodate five or six thousand people. The poor aud needy wero treated to a free breakfast every Sabbath morn ing, and at the present time there were 2,100 people fed in the tent every Lord's Day morn ing. In addition to the tent there was the work going on in a large hall, several theatres, on tho brickfields, and by means of midnight missions. Mr. Sommerville, an evangelistic worker, was on his way to these colonies, and be prognosticated much good resulting from the labours he would perform amongst us. He (Mr. Johnston) also referred to other associations similar to the Evangelical Alliance in Dunedin and Geeloug. He urged those present to renew their efforts on behalf of the Master. Though this was a small community there was power amongst us to wake up the whole colony. (Loud applause.) A collection was then made in aid of the Evangelical Alliance. The benediction having been pronounced, the proceedings terminated. 