SIX HOURS IN A DARK CELL. BY A VAGABOND. BRISBANE, Nov. 30, It must be 20 years ago since I first read that magnificent work of fiction, It Is Never Too Late to Mend. Mr. Charles Reade describes this as " a matter of fact romance," and at the time I really believed it. And the more so as I became aware that many of the incidents were real — that the prison described therein was intended for Birmingham Gaol, and that "Hawes" thinly veiled the identity of Lieutenant Austin, the one time governor of that institution. This was the first place in England where " the silent and separate " system was fully established, that system which Dickens, Reade and hundreds of other writers, reformers, and philanthropists have so loudly attacked. I remember visiting Birmingham Gaol, and being much impressed with the order, regu- larity, and cleanliness there visible. As is customary we entered the " dark cell" for a minute, whilst the polite turnkey shut the door to let us see what it was like. It was about this time, too, that I saw the drama of " Never too Late to Mend" at the Theatre Royal in the hardware village. Feeling on the subject of treatment of the prisoners at the gaol ran so high that the actor who played the part of the Governor was fairly hooted off the boards. I thought the gods would have torn the house down. It was the greatest demonstration I ever saw in an English theatre, and only equalled by the scenes at the London Alhambra during the Franco- Prussian war in 1870-71. Mr Charles Reade is a mighty writer — there are few whom I admire so much — but like all novelists, he writes from his inner consciousness, and although his fiction closely resembles fact, it is not fact itself. Years of travel and forced association with scoundrels of many nations have taught me that, as a rule, a career of crime and vice fairly entered on it is too late to mend. It is not alone that law and society are against the criminal, but that often he himself will not mend, and no earthly power can effect his reformation. As regards other influences, there is no more devout scoundrel than your Italian bandit, yet his simple unquestioning faith will not prevent him cutting your throat if necessary. From what I know of the old hands in Pentridge, I think religion cannot touch them. The convict of fact is I behave faithfully delineated in His Natural Life, and Gabbet is a far truer character than Tom Robinson. In my articles on Pentridge prison I have endeavoured to confute the many arguments brought against the solitary system of punishment, which is I believe the only one which will give the embryo criminal a chance of reformation. To this extent I had lost faith in Never too Late to Mend, but I still believed the wonderfully graphic description of the horrible punishment of the dark cell. The account of how the new chaplain of Birmingham Gaol asks to see the dark cells, and for instruction is incarcerated therein, is powerfully written. "They descended below the ground floor, and then the turnkey unlocked a massive tight-fitting door opening upon what appeared to be a black substance. This was, however, no sub- stance but vacancy without any degree of light. The light crossing the threshold from the open door seemed to cut a slice out of it. The reverend gentleman stepped at once into the cell and was lost to sight. 'Do not let me out before 5 o'clock ' said his voice, and you, Lepel, inquire for me as soon as you return, for I feel a little nervous. Now shut the door.' The door was closed on the reverend gentleman, and the little group outside, after looking at each other, separated. The turnkey lingered behind and took a long look at the massive door, behind which for the first time a man had gone voluntarily." When the chaplain's friend returns, in nearly six hours' time, he hastens to have the prisoner released. The door was unlocked and thrown wide open. They all looked in, but there was nothing to be seen ' I hope nothing is the matter,' said Mr Lepel in considerable agitation, and he groped his way into the cave. As he put out his hand it was taken violently by the self-immured who cried, 'Oh, Lepel,' and held him in a strong but tremulous grasp. Then, after a pause, he said more calmly, 'The light dazzles me ; the place seems on fire now ! Perhaps you will be kind enough to lend me your arm, Lepel.' They led him out. He had one hand before his eyes, which he gradually withdrew. 'How long have I been there ?' he asked. 'Six hours' 'Only six hours ? Incredible ! ' " Afterwards Mr Eden, the chaplain, de- scribes his sensations. "I assure you it tried my nerves to the uttermost. I had many advantages. I went in of my own accord, animated by a desire of knowledge, sup- ported by the consciousness of right, my memory enriched by the reading of five and twenty years on which I could draw in the absence of external objects ; yet so dreadful was the place that had I not been fortified by communion with my own present God, I do think my memory would have suffered in that time darkness and solitude. I repeated thousands of lines of Homer, Virgil, and the Greek dramatists ; then I came to Shakepeare, Corneille, Racine, and Victor Hugo ; then I tried to think of a text and compose a sermon ; but the minutes seemed hours, leaden hours, and they weighed my head down and my heart down, and so did the Egyptian darkness, till I sought refuge in prayer. The wicked are more to be pitied than the good — the good can endure greater trials than the wicked. For the righteous man has a strong tower that the sinner lacks. He is fit to battle with solitude and fearful darkness ; an unseen light shine upon his soul ; an unseen hand sustains him. The darkness is no darkness to him, for the sun of righteousness is nigh. In the deep solitude he is not alone, for good angels whisper by his side. Yea, though he walk through the valley of the shadow of death, yet shall he fear no evil, for God is with him ; His rod and His staff they comfort him. The wicked have not this com- fort ; to them darkness and solitude must be too horrible. Satan — not God — is their companion. The ghosts of their past crimes rise and swell the present horror. Remorse and despair are added to the double gloom of solitude and darkness. You don't know what you are doing when you shut up a poor lost sinner of excitable temperament in that dreadful hole. It is a wild experiment on a human frame." Then Mr Charles Reade describes how Tom Robinson, a cool, hard- headed London thief, on being sentenced to the dark cell for 24 hours, "gave a cry of dismay. 'Anything but that ; Any punishment but that,' shrieked the despairing man. ' For pity's sake leave me my reason.' " When locked up in the cell, the thief's sensations are most graphically de- scribed from the first to the sixth hour. Then he is supposed to be going mad, and about to strangle himself but for the arrival of the chaplain, who remains outside the cell door all night comforting his sinful brother, and so saves his life and his soul. All this and much more anent the dark cell and prison life is narrated by Mr Charles Reade, in language such as I can never hope to command. But in one respect and on one subject I have a great advantage even over such giants of literature as Dickens and Reade. I have endured, as a political prisoner, weeks of soli- tary confinement ; I have spent a month in Pentridge prison for the purpose of studying life there, and to day I have passed six hours in the dark cell of Brisbane Gaol. I now "know how it is myself ;" and as far as one man's experience and feelings can be the gauge of another's, I think I am entitled to be heard as to the extent and value of this class of punishment. I have long wished to investigate this, and to ascertain practically if there was any foundation of truth for the many sensational accounts which I have heard and read of the horrors of solitary confinement in the dark cell. I believed that the description in Never Too Late to Mend was very nearly true, and more especi- ally as so many prison officials describe this as being a very great punishment. Dr. Reed at Pentridge has that opinion, and Mr. Call, P.M., when acting inspector-general of prisons for Victoria, told me that I "could not stand it for 10 minutes." That gentle- man promised, however, that I should have my will, and pass as many hours in the dark cell as I liked. " I'll put a man on guard outside," said he, "so that you can be freed whenever you like, and you won't want many minutes of it." Mr. Call was courteous in proffering his assistance, and I am only sorry that circumstances oc- curred which interfered with the fulfilment of the promise. It is owing to the kindness of my Queensland friends that I have been enabled to make this experiment and go through one of the, apparently, roughest experiences I have yet endured. I have to thank many gentlemen in Brisbane, heads of Government departments, for courtesies liberally extended towards me, and informa- tion freely rendered. As in Victoria, one generally finds these officials far superior to their masters in Parliament. But to no one am I more indebted than to Mr. T. H. Barron, assistant commissioner of police, who is also visiting justice for the gaol, convict establishment on the Island of St. Helena, Benevolent Asylum, and Lunatic Reception House. I have visited all these places as an ordinary stranger, and everything has been freely shown to me. Neither Mr. Barron nor Mr. Halloran, the sheriff, who has the immediate supervision of the penal establishments, appears to be afraid of publicity or criticism. When we visited Brisbane Gaol and saw the dark cells, I expressed a wish to Mr. Barron to pass some hours in one. "Certainly," said he "I don't suppose the Sheriff will object. You shall do it when you like." In pursuance of this arrangement, I last night received the following letter :— 29th November, 1877. " My Dear Vagabond, " 'Lodgings to Let.' Report yourself before noon to-morrow at the gaol, and you will find the apartment vacant. No indulgences nor stimulants allowed. Strictest good tem- plarism enforced. "Yours sincerely, "T. H. BARRON." I meant to do the thing thoroughly without any indulgences or support from stimulants, but I was pleased to find that Mr. Barron entered into the spirit of the joke (?), and meant to have me treated in every respect like an ordinary prisoner. I think that as regards physical and mental condition the ordinary prisoner would be ahead of me. Neither in mind nor body am I at the present time at all " fit." The uneasiness and insomnia with which I have been suf- fering during the past months has rendered the slightest mental exertion painful and arduous. So I felt my pulse when I awoke this morning, and concluded that I must eat a good breakfast and drink a couple of glasses of claret to bring myself into form, and give my experi- ment a fair show. Then I smoked a cigar with a cup of black coffee before taking cab for the gaol, where I arrived shortly before 12\. Mr. Barnard, the governor, met me, and I went into his office for a few minutes, and examined the books with the record of punishments. Twenty-four hours in the dark cell seems the ordinary punishment, although three days is often used, and sometimes more. When a prisoner has a sentence of more than 24 hours he is let out every day for an hour's exercise, and is — or should be — daily visited by the doctor. At Pentridge, a prisoner in the dark cell has no such privi- lege, but has to serve his time straight out. When I first visited Brisbane Gaol, Mr. Barron ordered the release of a man who had been in the cell since the previous day. I examined him curiously. He looked white and cowed, "penitent" Mr. Barron called it. At St. Helena we found a man in one of the dark cells there — which, however, are not quite dark, the perforated ventilators over the doors admitting rays of light. He roared lustily, "Oh, Mr. Barron ! For the love of God let me out, and I'll never do it again," and on his promising to obey orders in future he was released. These were the only two cases I had met with, as at Pentridge, under the far too lenient dis- cipline, the dark cell is, or at least was seldom used as a means of punishment. Well, I was now going to test this myself, and as we walked across one of the prison yards sacred to the senseless punishment of "shot drill" I began to think that I was a very bad subject for such an experiment. I was not nervous, but I felt that my highly excitable brain might lead me into phan- tasies. I was going to do what Mr. Eden, the Oxford scholar, a man of trained mind and body, who was supported by prayer and "unseen lights" and "unseen hands" found almost too much for his reason to stand. Thus fiction, but I had an idea it was very near the fact. I dare- say the warders were rather astonished when I ascended the 12 steps leading into the sunken building containing the two punishment cells. Both of these were entirely empty, save boards on stretchers which at night the prisoners lie on. I was not, however, allowed this indulgence ; and the bell having been pointed out to me, and a can of water placed on the floor, the door was shut and I found myself in for "six hours' solitary" in a dark cell 9ft. by 5ft. and 10ft. high, with massive stone walls, and cemented floor — ventilated at the top certainly, but still very close and stifling on this the hottest day of the present season. Only 9ft. by 5ft. ! There appeared to be a thousand miles of darkness around me. Or was it a solid substance ? Involuntarily I placed out my hands as if to save my face, and walked slowly and hesitatingly the length of my cell. Only 9ft. certainly, and yet they seemed miles. In that darkness, which could be almost felt, there was a sense of chaos, of void, of infinity. I walked back to the corner opposite the door, and taking off my coat and collar sat down on the floor. The stones were cold and rather damp. I began to feel a sense of oppression on the eyeballs, which lasted for a time. Then I began to count, but that is a foolish game at which I always get confused, Then I set to work and composed two plays, three novels and four new series of The Vagabond Papers. My brain got rather tired and stupefied. Then I thought it must be 3 o'clock. Now, I was transgressing the rules to the extent that I had my watch and some matches with me, but I took these that I might mark the effect of time. I now struck one. I had only been in three quarters of an hour. This was discouraging. "I will not strike another match,'' I said, " but come what will, what may, will do this thing properly, and endure like a criminal." Then a great and nameless horror came over me. There, in front of me, in the million miles of darkness, there was dread- ful something. But an effort of the will dispelled it. Then fancy evolved two figures. One gay, and sprightly, and beautiful as Grecian goddess. "I am Fiction," she said. The other calm, sedate, grand, powerful like an image in ruins in the The Bard. "I am Fact," she said. I laughed and clasped her to my arms. "Come, let me reason," said I. Perhaps no man ever had such a chance of easily distinguishing himself as was now presented to me. Here I was, in- vestigating a vexed problem. No one could deny that I passed these hours in the cell. I might write what I liked — pile a Pelion on Ossa of fiction ; philanthropists and social reformers would be on my side, popular feeling would be aroused, and I should be renowned as a martyr. And I could truthfully have done this. I believe I could have called up images of horror equalling those evolved by Mr. Charles Reade. I could have peopled that vast blackness before me with creatures of my imagination — fearful as those of Edgar A. Poe. I could have worked myself into on ecstasy of nervous delirium. Here should not be more horrible than this dungeon as I could make it. I thought of this and laughed — at how I was about to disappoint those friends who are perpetu- ally styling me a sensational writer. In these lines fancy is put on one side, and there is nothing but real stern fact. " What would a prisoner do first ?" I thought. Walk about, sit down, and then—— Why, then investigate every corner, and see if he could find something to amuse himself. So on hands and knees, greatly to the detriment of my garments, I crawled around the cell. Some dust, every minute pebble, this is all I found till I suddenly touched something cold. For a moment I did feel nervous. Was it a snake ? I had withdrawn my hand quickly, but otherwise did not stir. An old nigger, who taught me woodcraft said "Nebber you git back, massa, whate'er you may come on, if it a bar, or a deer, or a rattler, or a skunk. You keep quite still always, and you won't skeer the crittur, and it won't skeer you." This was very good advice which I always remember. So, quietly on my hands and knees I maintained for a few minutes a state of masterly inactivity. I had matches in my coat, in the corner, cer- tainly, but I wasn't going to "get back." I listened — no sound. His snakeship asleep, perhaps. But could it be a snake ? It was a cold, smooth, damp body I had touched. This was interesting — if not poisonous, a snake would be good company. I don't know what impelled me, but suddenly I darted out my hand again, and caught the thing. Then I had a hearty laugh. It was the can of water, which I had forgotten all about. I did not have a drink, as I was to make things as rough as possible for myself. I crawled back to my corner, which seemed like a home now. Then I investigated the walls, feeling everything cautiously and carefully. Something ran over my hands, but I was not to be skeered again. It must have been a spider, though where he got flies from in this dungeon I don't know. The smooth cemented surface of the walls and floor presented no object of interest. If I had on old nail now I might do a little business a la "the Prisoner of Gisors." Then I sat down in the corner again and began to sing. I yelled out every rebel song I knew from "The Berry Blue Flag" to "The Shan Van Voght." This was rather jolly. A prisoner in the dark cell can kick up as much row as he likes. No one can hear him. After a time I got tired of hearing my own voice echoing back to me from every corner of the cell. Then I thought again. I don't believe in prayer, or to "unseen lights" or "un- seen hands," but out of one's own brain you can coin much. I thought of the murderers and villains who had occupied this cell. Crime seemed to taint the very atmosphere. Perhaps in the very spot where I lay the coward murderer may have reposed. There seemed a smell of blood in the air. Horrible suggestions and possibilities came into my mind. Again I conquered this, although I had a dull heavy pain in my head, and for a time I placed my hands over my eyes to keep out the darkness. When I removed them I had a strange optical delusion. Far away over me in the deep darkness thousands and thousands of miles it seemed there was a beautiful lumi- nous ball of a pale yellow colour. It seemed to slowly descend. It appeared to take hours in coming down and reminded me of the angels in Gustave Dore's picture, which are hovering over the bodies of the Christian martyrs in the Coliseum. This light was very beautiful, but, strange to say did not get larger, although at last it seemed close to me. Now, religious or superstitious people might say this was an angel or devil, the spiritualist that it was a manifestation, but I, with ordinary scientific knowledge, knew that it was a mere delusion. " When I close my eyes again it will go," I said. I did so, and it was gone. I examined the circumstances. Say my name was Tom Robinson. I had been "cheeky" to the governor, and had " 24 hours' solitary." Some time had gone already. At 6 o'clock I should have my bread and water, and the board would be brought for me to sleep on. I think I could sleep for 12 hours. Then I should have an hour's exercise, and after finishing my time I should be sent to my own cell once more. Tom Robinson, this is rough on you, but not so degrading as being thrashed. My man, if you have any good in you, you can meditate now on your future, and make up your mind to mend. This is hard punishment, no doubt, but it will teach you sense, and that there is no use in kicking against the pricks. Then I sang two or three more songs, and paced the cell a hundred times. I became in time quite used to it. My pulse was steadier. I recovered my nerve, and my only sensation was that it was beastly uncomfortable to sit on a cold floor, with possibilities of rheumatism in the future. Afterwards I began to get hungry, then sleepy. I knew that night was ap- proaching through hearing the merry hum of a mosquito thirsting for my blood. My senses became acute, and I could just detect the distant rumbling of the trains and occa- sionally a faint noise in the prison yard over- head. But during the last hour of my con- finement, I say truthfully that my feelings were merely those of ordinary discomfort. I believe I could have stood 18 more hours with far greater ease than the first five. At last the key rattled in the lock above, the steps descended, and my cell door was unbarred. The light only dazzled my eyes for one moment. Then I walked out and said to Mr. Bernard, "Feel my pulse." " Pretty fair," he said. " How do I look ?" I asked. " You are a little pale." How did I feel ? Simply hungry ! Yes, after six hours in this dungeon, which according to humani- tarians and novel writers should tend to produce madness, I only felt as if I wanted my dinner. Now, as before pointed out, one man's sensations can never be a true criterion of another's. It may be right that this experiment of mine was no fair trial of the extent of the punishment to a criminal. It may be said that the unedu- cated, ignorant dullard will suffer a thousand times more than a man of intelligence. It may be so. I know that solitude tends to insanity, and that the records of lunacy show that ignorance produces more madmen than mental activity. Yet the man of excitable brain, of powerful imagination, will, I imagine, under many conditions, suffer as much as the fool. The readers of The Vagabond Papers will not imagine that I am wanting in nerve, but lately I have not been in my old form, and certainly I do not consider I was as fitted to do the dark cell as Mr. Eden the chaplain of fiction. But being through it, I unhesitatingly declare that what has been written on this subject is mostly sheer nonsense. The punish- ment, although severe, as it is meant to be, is not calculated to produce madness, and as a punishment it is far better and more efficacious than flogging. With the due precautions of a daily exercise and exami- nation by a surgeon, there is little fear of a man's body or mind giving way. I should have little compunction in sentencing an offending prisoner to three days in the dark cell, being pretty sure that, after the first six hours, his hardest time would have passed. I am henceforth an advocate of punishment by solitary confinement in a dark cell, as well as of the separate and silent system of prison discipline. I have tried both, and know what it is. The only man who has volun- tarily undergone such experiences, I give my views as being worth something, even although they only embody the ideas of one individual. But I certainly enjoyed the glass of beer which Mr. Bernard hospitably gave me, the taste of a cigar was recovered Elysium, and as my cab drove me to a well-earned dinner, the sky appeared brighter, the air purer, the grass greener, and the children in the streets more beautiful than ever before. All Nature and Humanity seemed smiling and happy. It was recovered Liberty which thus made everything couleur de rose after six hours spent in a dark cell. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the North German Gazette states that the health of the Grand Duke Nicholas has again become so unsatisfactory that it is doubtful whether his medical advisers will allow him to remain with the Russian army during the winter. 