MY MAD TENANT. BY '"""n PHILLIPS. I am rather of an eccentric turn of mind — at least, so alljmy friends Bay, and perhaps they are correct When I- say I am eccentric, I do not mean that I dress in peculiarly cut clothes, let my hair fell on my shoulders in matted locks, or show an aversion to soap and water. On the contrary, I don't think you will find a more tidy old bachelor in dress and person than myself any where. My eccentricity is shown in an inor dinate love of'the mysterious. As a boy I ruined my eyesight by reading terrible tragedies, horrible histories, hideous hom icides, and strange stories. These I would repeat to my nurse, Janet Grue some, a plain and simple — I might say very plain and simple — country girl, holding her by my bedside of a night, shivering with cold and terror as she listened. Life was full of misfortune to me until I was turned forty, when a mysterious uncle of mine, who had left England whilst 1 was still a baby, died in Australia, and left me the sole heir to hfa vast wealth. I instantly settled with my creditors, and, taking my "nnrse," and my romances, started for the country, determined to wander about and seek for the marvellous. One day I came across a vast gloomy mansion that exactly suited my fancy. It was a weird and ghostly building, with whispering voices in its ivy- clad walls, doors that opened directly they were shut, and shut directly they were opened ; long corridors lighted by narrow windows let into recesses, so that on moonlight nights the shadows of tall trees ontside took spectral shapes, and seemed point ing with bony fingers to spots where deeds of violence had been done ; whilst the withered branches tapped eagerly against the window-panes as if they were houseless ghosts wishing to take np their abode in this mysterious mansion. I was delighted, and determined to take it at once. The agent was soon found, and the terms agreed upon ; bat .there was one clause in the lease which 1 did not like — fa was even too mysterious to please me. By it the superior landlord, Mr. Balcombe, held all rights over one room on the first floor, a small chamber, the shutters and doors of which were close and securely fastened. I inquired the reason of this, but the agent could give me no positive information. He believed the room contained- the family papers' and portraits, and that Mr Balcombe had locked them up there for security. " But;" said I, " it's so mysterious to have a sort of Bluebeard Chamber in your house." " I quite agree with yon, sir," replied the agent, " and told Mr. Balcombe eo ; but he fa a strange man, and will hare hfa own way. It's nearly twenty years now since that room was locked up. At first it made a great noise in the -tillage, and strange stories were -circulated ; but that soon died on!;' and except - telling these stories at Christmas-time, or when a stranger asks for them, they are never heard. Sometimes people - come' for a picnic in the wood yonder, and go to see the haunted house ' as they, call it, - but I never let them in. . I never : heard it was really haunted." " \- We agreed eventually as to the -terms, and in ft couple Of .weeks arrived . from London, bringing with me - Janet Grne- two majd servants, and some fine old plate and jewellery my uncle had left me. It was a dreary night when I arrived at the " Yews " as my new abode was called. Bnt I was happy enough. A cheery fire was lighted in the oak-panel- led room, and while the servants prepared my snpper I unpacked the plate, and arranged it on the sideboard to make the place look brighter. When I had done this and finished my supper, I drew an arm-chair to the fire, mixed myBelf a stiff glass of something warm, lit my meers chaum pipe, and commenced reading one of my. most favourite tales of terror and imagination. . I had jnst reached the most thrilling situation, when the parlonr door was thrown violently open, and Janet Gruesome rushed into the room. " Master ! " she whispered, in tremb ling tones, " the secret room fa open, and it's coming out." " It's coming out J" I cried. " What fa coming out 1" " The ghost, master ! it's coming down stairs a-following me." " Then shut the door, you idiot ! " I exclaimed, for to tell the truth I never felt less inclined to eee a ghost in all my life. "And bolt it!" . She turned to obey my orders, bnt was too late, for at that very moment a ven erable white-haired old gentleman, clad in a velvet dressing-gown,- and scarlet slippers, entered the room. " I beg your pardon," he said rather nervously. " I hope I didn't disturb you. I was not' aware yon haunted to night I believe yon are fresh ghosts, or" — here he lowered his voice— "are. yon ghosts in embryo 1" "Sir," I exclaimed, "you must know that this bouse fa mine." " Indeed ;" said the creature, sitting down in my arm-chair and drinking my grog ; has my cousin Tom let it to you, or are you a Balcombe I" "I am not a Balcombe," I cried im-, patiently, for I knew now he could not be a ghost — spectres don't drink spirits ; " still this house fa mine ; from the chim ney- pots to the cellar, all - " . " Bnt one room," interrupted my .mys terious guest ; " that Tom could not — would not — let You would not have been happy had he done so. I keep the ghosts in there. Sometimes one or two escape, and then I come out to hunt for thein. I thought you were ghosts — stray ones, you know — at first I'll take a little more brandy and water. That room fa cold, and ghosts are dull fellows at best ; they ere never lively. Gome, my dear sir, tit down and be cheerful" Man or ghost, the creature evidently knew the art of making himself at home. He mixed some more brandy and water, then took np my pipe, lit it; and com menced smoking. " Janet ! " I whispered, " he fa not a ghost ; he fa a madman." " Madman ! " cried the thing, looking np suddenly, for his ears were evidently as sharp as hfa eyes. "Madman! why, that fa what Cousin Tom used to call me, bnt hVwas wrong: I was mad when I had 'fierce passions and tried to strangle him ; but then the change came, and I light, ethereal — a spirit. Tom saw thia, and knowing that I talked to the ghosts of our ancestors, gave me a room to col lect them in. That's the room. Get us some more glasses," he continued, turning to Janet,, " more glasses andpipes ; we'll be merry."" " He is mad," I whispered. "Do as he bids you! We must humour him. But make haste back, Janet." ' " Come ! that looks well" he cried, when we all had some hot grog, and I was smoking. " Your health, " Mr. I beg pardon, what name 1" "Judberry, sir," I replied sternly, ' J ndbeny." "Judberry, Judberry ! " he muttered absently ; "I don't know the name. Perhaps he fa a butler." " No, sir," I exclaimed, swelling with indignation. "I am not a butler. This house fa mine, sir ; the brandy you are drinking fa mine, sir, and the pipe you are smoking fa mine, sir." "All of them very nice too, Mr. Jnd- berry, I am sure;" he answered, calmly pnffing out his smoke, and dosing his bright eyes in luxurious enjoyment ; " very nice, indeed. So you are Judberry 1 I am Briareus Balcombe. You know me, of cburse 1" " I can't say I do, tir. To tell you the truth, I never saw or heard of you until now — and," I added to myself, " I never wish to again." "Never heard of me," he cried in astonishment. Then lowering his voice to a sweet melancholy, he added, then I will tell you my history. Be silent ; stir not, but listen to the history of Briareus, the poet of the Balcombes ; the be- trayed lover — he of the broken heart." I was in my glory — I was about' to hear the mystery of the Bluebeard Chamber. "When I was but a youth," commenced Briareus, " my uncle; who then owned this mansion, returned from Italy, bring ing with him a lovely girL How can I describe ber beauty 1 , It fa impossible ! It was the beauty of a dark, wild night; wherein the placid moon and gentle stars are shining, yet the sighing of the wind proclaims the coming storm. So shone her glorious face, calm and pure, yet ever and anon tiie flashes from those wondrous orbs, her eyes, told of the fire within her soul I loved her. Time passed on, and at last she owned that she returned my passion, hut bade me keep our love secret, as she dreaded my uncle's wrath. Just at this time my Cousin Tom procured me a lucrative berth in India, and with a light heart £ started for that land of fortunes, for I believed I should soon amass riches .and be able to return and claim Elvina. " " On my arrival in India I le&raed; that my uncle had died, and that Tom had come into hfa estate. ' My uncle dead, one obstacle to my marriage ie removed,' I cried ; and I worked ou with renewed vigour. But, alas 1 I was atruck down by a sunstroke, fever followed, and I was ordered home. " How long we were making the pas sage I know not. A gentleman — -rather a rough fellow, though — who volunteered to be my constant companion; said it was a short voyage : to me it seemed years. At length we .arrived, and teUng a post- chaise, we drove to the '.Yews.' .1 told my companion at Southampton.. that I diil -not require his companionship .any more ; hut be would not leave me until he saw me, as he said, 'safe in' my 'cou sin's care.' .But: why "dwell 'upon "this painful history ! I rushed info this very room, and embracing Elvina, cried, 'Elvina! Elvina! "heboid. thy Briareus. retarhed ld clauif his bridei' To -hSy horror she thrnst me from her, and rush ing to my consin, threw herself into hfa arms, asking her dear, dear Tom to save her from the madman. " ' Madam,' j cried, ' are yon not my affianced I' " 'Briareus,' exclaimed Tom, 'are you mad 1 .This lady fa my wife.' " I saw it all at a glance," moaned the poor mad creature, making my heart bleed for him. "I knew then why I had been Bent to India — why tins woman had made me keep my engagement secret She loved my cousin's gold ! " My passion rose ; I could not con trol myself With a cry more like that of a wild beast than a man, I sprang upon Tom. I had him by the throat and would have killed him, but the man who came with me from — he who called himself my friend — turned traitor for. gold. He dragged me away from my consin, and felled me to the earth. My keeper. They said I was mad, and locked me npin the chamber. Not alone — no, no, not alone — they cannot shut put the ghosts. They come and tell me stories — wild, horrible stories — I will tell you them some night. Hark ; the ghosts call me. I most go at once, or they will come here. Farewell ; to-morrow.'' Slowly he crept from the room, Mrs. Gruesome and I following. Onr hearts ached for him. We saw him enter the mysterious chamber, and heard him lock himself in. " Mrs. Gruesome," said I, " we will go to bed. He, poor fellow, he fa harm less, but to-morrow I will see the agent, who must provide a keeper. I do not want Mr. Briareus removed until I've heard hfa stories. It will save my eye- tight, not reading at night Good night, Janet. Say nothing of this to the ser vants, and do not be afraid. He's quite a gentleman, sod harmless." I retired to my apartment; double locked the door, and barricaded it; in case of accidents. Next morning I arose late and descen ded to breakfast, which onght, to have been ready, at least, an hour earlier. Judge my astonishment at finding the room in confusion, and Janet Gruesome in even greater confusion than the apart ment " He has gone; sir ! " she cried, as I entered the parlour. " Who has gone P' I demanded. "The mad gentleman. He must have left the. house in the middle of the night." " Well well," I replied, " perhaps itfo better so. He was a nuisance. If he has drowned himself it's nofeultofours ; we were not his keepers ; so let me have breakfast. Get the tea and coffee service my uncle left me." " Your uncle left them, tir, bnt the mad gentleman ain't," sobbed Janet " he's taken 'em' sir, and the silver spirit Btand as well" " What ! taken my silver service P' "Yes, sir, ; and every other piece of silver, and all the jewellery he could find, as well as — " I could hear no more, hut running to the honse agent I told him all about it. "You have been done," he said quietly, ' There never was a Mr. Briareus Bal combe. The room only contained pic tures and some old furniture of no par ticular value; but favourites of Mr. Balcombe; so he locks them up. Come to the police." He hurried me off to the police in spector, to whom I related this sad his tory. "Thafs Solemn Smith's work for a pound," cried the inspector; laughing. " I heard that he had been in this neigh bourhood. Dueced clever fellow ; could have made a fortune on the stage if he liked. No doubt he found ont all about the room, and also beard — asking your pardon, sir — that you bad queer crochets, so got into the house when it was empty, picked the lock of the room, and played the madman." This was four years ago, and the police are after My Mad Tenant still 