PAN-PRESBYTERIAN COUNCIL. No. III., The motion of Mr. Taylor limes, advocate, mentioned and given in oar issue before last, was seconded by Principal Tnlloch, St. Andrews. " This question; he said, was so grave, and of so delicate a nature, that he could not speak upon it without special preparation, but as matters had taken a practical turn, and a practical motion had been submitted to the Council which so entirely met his views that he had much pleasure in supporting it. The arguments were entirely to the point. They could not send to any committee of the Council any pro posal to draw up a new creed, or even to formu late old oreeds without their being fully in formed about those creeds. It appeared to him that this information which they would obtain if this motion were carried was exactly what they needed. Nothing could be more interest ing than that they should know what the actual creeds now were of the Churches composing this Presbyterian Council; and further — and this is the point, he was sure, on which there was great ignorance, he confessed he himself was very ignorant — that they should know what, were the formulas, and what were the modes of subscription. Dr. James Begg, Edinburgh, supposed it was not intended that this motion should be adopted now, but be sent for consideration to the Committee, and brought up at a subsequent diet. That being understood, he entirely agreed with it. He thought it was completely within the line of their action to get as much information as they could, but entirely beyond the line of their action to make a creed, or to interfere with the existing creeds of . any of the churches. That they should understand most clearly. It seemed to him that it would be necessary to make some explanation of some of the statements that were being made and apparently accepted. " Every age had its own theology." (Laughter.) There was no doubt about that. They could not disbelieve that there would be home modified form in which there might be a kind of truth in that, but in another sense it seemed to him to be entirely a mistake. The theology of the world had been the same, he believed, since the days of Eden (laughter) — since the first proclamation of Divine truth. It had gradually been developed until the canon of Scripture was complete ; but the canon of Scripture being complete, he believed it was all there. They might have a more thorough investigation of that canon ; but be believed that the idea of their having a uew theology at every stage was a thorough blunder. (Great laughter.) It seemed to him that in the discoveries that had been made, he had not been able to make any real discovery. (Laughter.) He found the resurrection of old creeds (renewed laughter), and he found a revolt against divine authority and the divine Word to a greater or less extent ; but as to a new theology, and especially a new theology for every period of their history, it seemed to him the most extravagant statement that possibly could be made. Therefore he 'just wished it to be understood that they did not wish to swallow that. (Laughter.) He recommended that the motion be sent to a Committee to be reported upon. Dr. Ormiston, New York, thought they could not but agree with Dr. Begg, that as the whole human race was in Eden, so. was all human theology ; but as they had multiplied and grown, Dr. -Begg could not deny that the germinal promise had spread out century after century into a glorious Reformation — (Dr. Begg : that is exactly what I say). The motion was then remitted to the Business Committee to bring it up to the Council in terms of the new standing orders, and the Council thereafter .adjourned at 1.30 for luncheon. AFTERNOON SEDERUNT. The council resumed its sittings in the after- moon at half-past two o'clock -Dr. Goold, -Edinburgh, Moderator of the Freo Church of Scotland, presiding. After devotions, the Chairman; called on Dr. Prime, joint convener, to submit a report by the Business Committee. DR. DYKES AND THE AUSTRALIAN DELEGATES. \- Dr. Prime said that before presenting this official statement he desired, as a representative of America, to return thanks to Dr. Goold, the chairman of the meeting, for the kind and tender and fraternal reference to his country — (applause)— -in connection with the 4th of July. (Applause.) In no part of the world did he ever before listen to a prayer that came more touchingly than to-day in that House from Dr. Goold when leading his brethren and theirs in that prayer to a recognition before God of American independence in that hearty petition for their prosperity. (Applause.) In presenting the Business Committee's report, Dr. Prime mentioned that the committee, at the desire of Dr. Dykes, proposed to substitute the name of Mr. Campbell, of Geelong, as chairman of the meeting next Monday. Dr. Dykes said he had pleasure in making that request for two reasons. First, because the . Australian colonies form the most distant part- of the Presbyterian world represented here ; ' and second, ' because the brethren who were nominated by one of the Australian churches last, year underwent an extreme disappointment, and he might also say mortification, in coming such a long distance in the hope of finding a Counoil, only to ascertain that the meeting had been postponed. It appeared to him and his friends and Mb fellow- delegates of England it would be a very desirable and proper thing that the compliment which was intended to Mm by appointing him to the chair that one of these Australian brethren who had shown such an interest in this gathering should have the preference. (Applause.) Dr. Blaikie (clerk) said the proposal that one . of the Australian delegates should take the chair at one of the sittings was one with which he most heartily and thoroughly agreed, but at the same time he regretted that they should not have the benefit- and-pleasure of the service of- Dr. Dykes, because no one has been more helpful in connection with this Council than Dr. Dykes, and there was no one in whose judgment and skill he had found more comfort in relying than his beloved friend. When they remembered this they could only appreciate the more the kindness which led him to make the suggestion. (Applause) The Chairman said the suggestion was that Dr. Dykes should be excused frrfm presiding on Monday next, and that in his place Mr. Campbell, of Geelong, be substituted. Mr. Campbell felt extremely the compliment paid him and his brethren. He accepted this proposed honour as a very great compliment, and he was sure the Church in Australia would accept it as a very great compliment, but he regretted this necessitated depriving the Council of the services of Dr. Dykes. Therefore, he trusted the Council would- see that it was better that they should still hold to their own arrangement, and keep Dr. Dykes in his place. (Applause.) The Chairman — The proposal submitted by Dr. Dykes is that Mr. Campbell should be substituted for him. Is that agreed to ? (Cries of "Agreed.") THE PRINCIPLES OF PRESBYTERIANISM. The Chairman then introduced Dr. Cairns, amid loud applause. Dr. Cairns introduced a discussion on the subject of the "Principles of Presbyterianism." He said — In this introductory paper it is not understood that anything elaborate is to be attempted, but a brief statement and defence of the fundamental principles of Presbyterianism. It is also taken for granted that Presbyterian polity is far inferior in importance to saving Christian doctrine, affecting not the being, but the wellbeing of the true Church of Christ it being gladly ' admitted that the highest grace and the widest usefulness may still adorn the names of representatives of Episcopacy, as of Augustine and Burnard, or Congregationalism, as of Owen and Bunyan. It is also taken for granted that attachment to Presbyterianism, on the ground of direct testimonies of Scripture in its favour, is not essential to a valued and effectual place among its adherents, but that the lessons of experience and practical expediency may be sufficient. At the same time, with probably - the great majority of Presbyterians, I hold the fundamental principles of this system to be supported by Scripture testimony and example ; and these shall now be briefly stated and defended. I must take the liberty of deviating somewhat from the admirable preacher of yesterday, who seemed to question the express recognition of Presbyterianism in Scripture as a distinct system, but I shall illus trate his idea of unity by differing from him with respect and kindliness ; and if it be, as he said, that the special place of Presbytery in Scripture is not now so widely or generally held as it once was, . perhaps my view, and that of those who still hold with me, may have some of the interest and attraction of novelty. It i well to start with the idea of Christianity as a society, first invisible or spiritual, and then in the nature of things, and by divine appoint ment and regulatioh, outward and visible. This latter form of the society is the Christian Church as it appears to men, and about it questions of government are conversant. The first question that underlies all the rest is ' its membership, andhere the Westminsterstatement is all important "The visible Church consists of all those throughout the world that possess the true religion, together with their children " (XXV. sec. 2), in other words, visible Christianity is the profession of real Christianity, and though this may be taken more or less strictly in -different Presbyterian Churches, on this they all found ; nor can they be said here to have anything peculiar, as Episcopal or Congregational Churches may equally build the visible Church on the profession of the true religion, and strive to make that profession real and credible. The Augsburg Confession, which is not a strictly Presbyterian Confession, may be here taken to express the consensus at least of Protestantism, that the true Church is that in which the Word of God is faithfully preached and the sacraments scripturally administered. Along with this fundamental idea of Church membership, the general idea of Church power and Church administration, as arising out of the nature of such a society, as professes the true religion, is also a matter of wide agree ment. Most, if not all, of what is said by Presbyterian writers of the threefold power (dogmatikc, diatahtike , dialcritikc) of the Christian Church, as a visible society, may be accepted by others, for all need to give the visible Church some symbol of faith, expressed or understood ; all need to make by-laws and regulations for its special work; and all must encounter questions of dicipline for the maintenance of its purity and order, according to their several ideas. Leaving, then, this wide area of agree ment, which is not always sufficiently dwelt upon, but which opens a field for future union of Presbyterians with Episcopalians and Congre- gationalists, and leaving out of account also the perfect compatibility of Episcopacy and Congregationalism as Church systems with the great Presbyterian principle, so nobly asserted in the Westminister Confession (XXX. sec. 1)— "The Lord Jesus as King and Head of His Church, hath therein appointed a government in the hand of Church officers, distinct from the civil magistrate" — I proceed to speak of the the points of divergence which give to Pres byterianism its peculiar character. These are two, as affecting the rank or gradation of the Church officers or governors, and the unity of the governed. By the one point, Presbyterians, giving to the New Testament presbyter or elder a different place from the Episcopalians, set aside that system; by the other, binding the whole Church under the government of presbyters, they go beyond Congregationalism or Independency. Let me first touch on and endeavour scripturally to prove the assertions of Presbyterianism as against Episcopacy. Presytery agrees with Episcopacy in having a teaching ministry, and that a teaching ministry which also rules. But it differs in having elders of the people ordained with eqnal powers to rule without teaching, and in placing all its Church rulers on the same footing of rank or dignity. It does not need to be proved to Epis copalians that the ministers who teach the Church should also rule it. What is to be proved is, first, that there are office-bearers associated with the teachers also empowered to rule ; and secondly, that no gradation among the rulers of the Church exists in the new Tes tament. 1. The first distinctive principle then of Presbyterianism at this point is the authority of other elders to rule along with teachers. This is not altogether confined, especially in the later times, to Presbyterian Churches. In the | United States, in the colonies of Great Britain, and in the now separately governed Church of Ireland, there are commissioners from the laity (so called) who rule in Episcopal Synods ; and to a large extent the great Methodist body, which is hardly formally Presbyterian, has arrived at the same conclusion of blended government by teachers and lay representatives. But this principle is still more characteristic of Presbyterianism which from the first has incorporated it with its constitution, and by formal ordination — generally for . life — of merely ruling elders to the spiritual over-, sight of the Church, along with its teachers, has borne a great witness to the universal priesthood of believers, and to the variety of gifts in the Church of Christ. . The presence of ruling elders, chosen by the Christian people, in all public administration, their parity in rule with all other Presbyters, and their investiture with every spiritual function short of labouring in the word and doctrine — gives to Presbyterianism a broad basis in Christian sympathy, and meets a want universally, confossed, though some times otherwise supplied, in the Church of Christ. Nor is this mere human adaptation or expediency. It is believed that for this we have divine warrant — in Rom. xii. 5, "He that ruleth" is distinguished from " him that teacheth ;" in 1 Cor. xii. 2S, " governments" are discriminated from "teachers ;' and to those more obscure notices there is added the more definite regulation in 1 Tim. v. 17, which the great body of Presbyterians have regarded as clearly separating one class of elders from another, but with equal power to rule — "Let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honour,- especially they who labour in the Word and doctrine." Every attempt to evade the force of this passage as an argument for a non-teaching eldership seems to me wholly fruitless. The comment of those who would confine the double honour to main tenance still leaves the ruling and teaching dis tinct ; and the view of those who find the con trast between labouring much and labouring little, is quite unapostolic, in allowing honour, and even double honour, where labour is con fessedly moderate. Hence the great body of Presbyterians have accepted the judgment of the Westminster divines in their Form of Church government, as given in these words — "As there were in the Jewish Church elders of the people, joined with the priests and Levites in the government of the Church, so Christ, who hath instituted government and governors ecclesiastical in the Church, hath furnished 'some in His Church, beside the ministers of the Word, with gifts for government, and with commission to execute the same when called thereunto; who are to join with the minister in the government of the Church, which officers Reformed|Churches commonly call elders." The present writer looks on this feature as one of the distinguishingglories of Presbyterianism; and he would humbly submit to this Council, whether one great cause of the comparative vigour of Presbyterianism in the English-speaking world is not due to the carrying out of these principles, while in some at least of the Churches of the Continent, notwithstanding the equally clear testimonies of Confessions and Reformers, such views have been less prominent in the develop ment of Christian life and action ? 2. The second distinctive principle of Presbyterian government as contrasted -with Episcopacy, is the equal rank of all Church rulers. The Episcopal view is presented in the English Prayer-Book, in these words — "It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors, that from the apostles' time there have been three orders of ministers in Christ's Church — bishops, priests, and deacons." This threefold order is what Presbyterians deny. They admit eeacons, but not as a starting- point of a threefold spiritual ministry, only as occupied with the poor and the "oversight of the outwaTd business of the house of God;" and they wholly deny any superiority iu office of New Testament bishops over the other Christian rulers of the Christian Church. Leaving the question of the place of deacons untouched, it will be enough to prove from thejNew Testament the equality of bishops and other presbyters. This identification is undoubted. The presbyters of the Ephesian Church, called presbuteroi in Acts xx. 17, are in verse 28th declared to be episkopoi, "all the -flock over the which the Holy Ghost had made you cpiskopoi," and not less in Crete, Titus, when left to ordain elders in every city, and instructed as to their qualifica tions, is expressly told that the presbyter is a bishop, "for a bishop ton pishopon) must be blameless," &c.; This .unquestionable fact, which is candidly admitted by many Episcopa lian writers— among others, by Howson and Conybeare in these words, "These terms are used in the New Testament as equivalent" (Vol. I. p. 465), is the main strength of Presby terianism at this point. Nor can its force, which is that of clear precedent, be invalidated by vague sayings that at a later date bishops of a higher order than presbyters came in to succeed the apoBtles ; for not to mention that the apos- tolate required miraculous powers and qualifica tions, there is no evidence in Scripture of such a succession. Nor can it be weakened by . the supposition that, although not strictly successors of the apostles, a higher place was, with the consent of the apostles, given to bishops, than other presbyters enjoyed. For this the evidence drawn from Scripture is very slender, nothing higher perhaps being forthcoming than the title given in the Seven Epistles of the Apocalypse, each of which is addressed to "the angel of the Church." This title, however, if taken literally, does, not infer any higher rank than that of presbyter ; as among Presbyterian Churches, there may easily be one office-bearer, who, for certain purposes, represents his brethren and equals ; and it is quite possible that according to the symbolic language of the Apocalypse, the term, "angel of the Church" is employed to gather into unity the whole body of its rulers. Attempts have also been made to find a parallel for this title in the arrange ments of the Jewish Synagogue, but though an office with a similar title existed, neither this nor the other details of the Synagogue; accord ing to the best authority, favoured the Episcopal so much as the Presbyterian model ; and certainly not much, on any reasonable interpre tation, can be found in a title so doubtful to rebut the clear evidence of the identity of presbyters and bishops already produced. The strongest argument for Episcopacy is found in the usage of the early Church. It is, however, . an unsafe principle to rest any of the permanent laws of the Christian Church on extra-scriptural? , authority. Besides, the usago is anything but immediate in reference to the apostolic period, or unbroken after it. In the epistle of Clement to the Corinthians, and of Polycarp to the- Philippians, no mention is made of any other office bearers than in Paul's Epistle to the Phil- ipians— viz., bishops and deacons. Iu Irenmus we still find bishop and presbyter .interchange able, though the distinction also is begun ; and the many instances produced by Blondel of the slowness of the change, and of the reactions - attending it, confirm the remarkable testimony of Jerome, which that great French Calvinist defended, that " with the ancients presbyters were the same as bishops, but, for the uprooting of dissensions, all responsibility was gradually centred in one person." It is a distinct confir mation of theso views that the Reformers, with, such general consent declared for them ; and ib is also important that no leading Presbyterian., writer has made such concessions to Episcopacy as Episcopal writers, times without number, have made to a system for which otherwise they have little favour. Having thus set forth the difference between Presbytery and Episcopaoy, it remains to touch on the one ultimate distinc tion which separates Presbytery from Congrega tionalism. This respects the area over which, government extends, Congregationalism making, each worshipping assembly independent, while Presbytery carries out to the widest limits desi rable the principle of subordination and cen tralisation. It must be admitted that here the: argument is more inferential than in the former case ; but yet it seems sufficiently convincing. It is a presumption in favour of the Presbyterian view, that other systems, here side with it against the Congregationalist, for the Anglican, the Lutheran, and the Methodist, however in some respects different from Presbytery 'and from each other, all refuse to treat a single congregation as a final governing unit, and bind a whole organisation into administrative unity. The Presbyterian, view seems also — and this is more important, in harmony with the Bible representations of - the oneness of the visible Church of Christ, which beyond all question includes help and. sympathy, and from which it is hard to see why joint counsel and regulation should be excluded.. Nor do the facts of New Testament history seem so well to agree with the Congregationalist as with the Presbyterian scheme. If it could be made certain or probable that there was only one worshipping assembly in places like Jerusalem; Antioch, or Ephesus, the inference would be different. Bnt with the thousands of converts in Jerusalem, the open door in Antioch, and the vast success in Ephesus, this is hard of belief, not to mention that in the latter place (as elsewhere) there is mention of a Church. "in the house," i.e., of Aquila and Priscilla, And yet these various bodies of worshippers are spoken of as the Church of Jerusalem, Antioch, and Ephesus respectively (Acts xiv. 27, xy. 22, xv.. 17; Rev, ii. 1). Church acts are ascribed to this whole body ; as in Jerusalem, meeting to consult and frame decisions, -while in Ephesus the elders, as a body, are enjoined to take heed, to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost had made them episkopoi. The council of Jerusalem may be urged too far as a Presbyterian precedent, since the apostles were an exceptional element, and the Churches affected by its decree were not fnlly represented. But it certainly speaks more for united government than for - absolute congregational finality ; and something equally clear as to an' important debate, beginning and being prosecuted and despatched within the limits of a single congregation, would, need to be on Scripture record, to- counterweigh its authority. When once the element of real Church power in the hands of office-bearers is admitted (and all Congregation alism that is not absolutely democratic admits this), the way seems paved by Scripture precedent for an indefinite extension of the rule ; and all ordinary Synods and, assemblies that secure the fair representation of the body of Christ, so that it is truly governing itself iu His name, are warranted — with even such novelties as a Presbyterian Council or (were it desirable) a Universal Assembly. It may be proper to close these statements and arguments, chiefly Scriptural, with one or two remarks of a more general character. First, Presbyterianism is fitted to conserve and extend Scripture truth. Every thing in the Church of Christ connected with the formation of its creed, the admission of its members, the education, licence, and teaching of its ministers, and the bearing of its public acts, as affecting the truth of God, is thus matter of universal interest and debate, and the ordinary procedure of its courts affords in numerable opportunities of witnessing for truth and resisting defection, such as do not exist under other forms of government. Hence, in. the struggle with Arminianism at its rise in Holland, the party of innovation sought to hinder the meetings of ordinary Synods ; and at other times it has been when the safeguards of Presbyterian discussion and dicipline have been in abeyance, that error has come in and spread. This applies also to the diffusion of the truth ; and the latter experience of American and of British Churches proves how much better all mission work is conducted within a Presbyterian Church than by unions that displace its organ isation. Secondly, Presbytery-is fitted to secure Christian liberty. It needs, indeed, Christian materials to begin with. Self-government pre supposes a governing self. Ruder materials may be better organised by single authority, just as some finer spirits may achieve more with less constraint and regulation. But for the general Christian mind — needing at once liberty and order— the prompting- of impulse, and yet the shaping of law — the sense of individual responsibility, and yet the cohesion' of a great organisation — no systom seems so suitable. It is rich enough to bring out different ministries, finance, rule teaching — not in one ascending' line like Episcopacy, but all abrest, — so that it promotes liberty by cultivating a wide, pubKc: spirit, 'while it opens a way to ev.ery Church, member to every court, not only with a chartered right of defence, but with every suggestion for the common good ; and yet it secures beyond Congregationalism the largest range of counsel, the fullest maturity of discussion, and the weightiest voice of judgment by which order and stability can be guaranteed. In this as has often been remarked, it resembles constitutional -and represeiative government ; and its success 'will brobabl "be, as nations advance in this line, by liberty being ever more capable of order, and order more fruitful of a vigorous and rational liberty. Thirdly, and lastly, Presbytery is fitted to be the ralying point of other Church systems. Many years ago, at the celebration of the bi-centenary of the Westminster Assembly in this city in 1843, I heard Dr. Chalmers with great eloquence dilate on this idea, and ask, Mow could the Congrogationalist expect the Episcopalian at one leap to descend to his level, or the Episcopalian expect by one pull to drag up the Congregationalist to his lofty eminence ? Presbytery was the meeting point, "a midway station given for happy spirits to alight between the earth and heaven." The idea thus "humorously presented by one whose name nust be' ever sacred in an assemblage' like this, has been already largely carried into accomplish ment. We have seen Episcopacy in the colonies, in Ireland, and even in Britain assimilate itself , more and more to Presbyterian usages. We have seen Congregationalism in its unions and conferences become more and more concentrated. We have seen Methodism prepared to crown its wonderful history and its many approaches to " Presbyterian doctrine by a virtually Presbyterian government. We have seen Lutheranism becom ing more Synodal, and the continent rallying it returning spiritual life in this direction. Let , us for the sake of the life — the life in Christ — to which alone as ministering, the unity of / "Presbyterian organisation is of real worth and valHe, hail these tokens; and let us pray that the great, words spoken at first of Church order "may be' thus fulfilled, as in every other region, by the growing presence of our ever-living Lord "and Saviour — " Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." Amen. PRESBYTERI ANISM IN RELATION TO THE WANTS AND TENDENCIES OF THE DAY. Dr. A. A. Hodge, whose name was on the " programme for the next paper, entitled "Pres- ibyterianiam in Relation to the Wants and Tendencies of the Day," said he felt that the : conception he had formed of the subject entrusted to him was unfortunate. When ho . < was informed of it he was at a great distance "from home, and did not know that he was to follow, a gentleman who would discuss the essen tial principles of Presbyterianism. Proceeding "to refer to the. subject, he said it was evident \- that this formula embraced two distinct subjects, . each, of which might legitmately claim the attention of the present Council — (1) How and With what specific readjustments iB Presbyter- . zanism, as a concrete form of ecclesiastical , -organisation adapted to the great work of evangelising the world under the conditions of modern society ? and (2) what is the significance mid importance of the great principles embodied . in historical Presbyterianism in their bearing upon the moral and social and political interests , - of men under the peculiar conditions of modern -society ? He proposed to confine himself to the -consideration,, of the. .second question, and consequently would attempt a brief statement — (1) Of the principles which constitute the essence of Presbyterianism; (2) of those general -characteristics of modern society which de termine its relation to Christianity, and the 'influence of the present stage of transition upon "the future moral and religious destiny of the au ce ; and (3) of the vital importance of Pres byterian principles to the welfare of human society under its modern conditions. Under the first head, he said that Presbyterianism was a. form of Christianity distinguished by the special emphasis of certain great theological principles ' which were historically embodied in an appropriate form of ecclesiasticalorganisation. These . principles were the characteristic elements of the Calvinistie or Reformedtheology, which might be thus briefly stated : — (1) As to God ; ana (2) As to man. The family, the State, and the. Church were divine institu tions, all equally constituted and legislated for in the inspired Word, and all alike designed as instrumentalities for the up building of the mediatorial kingdom of Jesus -Christ. These general theological princi ples necessarily embodied themselves in an .appropriate form of ecclesiastical organiza tion, and also determined the moral and reli gious relations of all forms of human association. The principles of Church organization, which when taken together constituted organic Pres- > byterianism, were (1) the highest permanent office of the Church were Presbyters, whose functions were limited to teaching and ruling. The Popie was excluded because Christ ever lived, and apostolical prelates were excluded because inspiration and the authority conse quent upon it had ceased to exist ; (2) that Christ hod committed all Church power not to any class, but to the body of tbe Church, which power the Church was to exercise, not as a dis organised mass, but through regular officers, as sociated in regularly constituted courts composed of Presbyters and elders, the "representatives of the people;" (3) the whole Church was one, each part subject to the whole, and the admi nistrative authority of the whole executed over each part through the constitutional courts. ' These practical principles emphasised equally liberty and order. It was an historical fact acknowledged by such impartial witnesses as Sir James M'Intosh, Froude,' and Bancroft,, that these Presbyterian principles revolutionised western Europe and her populations, and inau gurated modern history. As to their influence upon civil as well as religious liberty and upon national education, it was only necessary to cite the past Reformation history of Geneva and Holland, of the Huguenots of France, the Puritans of England, the Presbyterians of Scotland, and the founders of the American Republic, where, for the first two hundred years of its history,- almost every college and school were built and sustained by Calvinists, and where the federal constitution, proving for local self-government with national union, was evidently an historical growth from the same root which bore. .the ecclesiastical constitution elaborated by the Westminster Assembly. In the original conflict these principles were brought into antagonism with absolutism both ; in Church and State. Though at the sacrifice of countless martyrs, they broke the power of the hierarchy, and conquered liberty in the sphere of religious faith and practice, and later . m that of civil and political life. In modern times a triangular contest had been inaugurated between Presbyterian principles of human equality, subject to Divine sovereignty and of liberty under the supremacy of the written Word at the apex, and the ancient- foe of the absolutism and the modern foe of licence at the opposite angles. While the victory had been finally won against absolutism in the sphere of civil government, the conflict had become all the more direct and intense in the sphere of religion and the Church. The Word of God, as the supreme rule of faith and duty, had been rendered obsolete by the Papacy, which had been erected into an ever-living organ of infallible knowledge and authority. State as well as Church, family and school, the bosoms of the living and the graves of the dead, lay subject at the feet of this absolute despotism. The pre- eminent characteristic of modern times was the tendency to carry the reaction against authority inaugu rated at the Reformation to the destructive ex treme of licence. The insurrection of reason against traditional superstitions, and the usurped authority of the hierarchy, had been succeeded by the legitimate insurrection of reason against all supernatural revelation and spiritual illumin ation. So universal was this tendency that in its incipient movements and more subtle forms it carried with it the sympathies even of many true Christians. In the supposed interests of charity the supreme importance of distinctive theological and ecclesiastical principles was depreciated. Even truths essential to the in tegrity of the gospel were sacrificed, and in the instinct of liberty, the exclusive normal authority of the Word of God in all matters of faith and worship was denied. The reaction from the historical union of Church and State was leading to a demand for the entire separation of religion from the sphere of civil government. The principle was asserted that civil govern ment lay entirely beyond the realm of Christ's mediatorial kingdom, and was not included in legislation recorded in the Scriptures. Of all such questions as those pertaining to marriage and divorce, the civil Sabbath, the punishment of crime as distinct from the reformation of the offender, and even those pertaining to the education of the youth of a nation, it was claimed that they were to be practically decided by the light of natural reason alone in formed by experience. It was manifest that the doctrine of the absolute non-religious character of the State necessarily precipitated a conflict between Christianity and the non- religious State, between the indomitable con science of \ Christians, and the heterogenous mass which, under the name of majorities, con trolled civil government. It was evident that the logical tendency of modern national education was to centralisation and uniformity, to the comprehensive and systematic unification of all grades of schools, from the common school to the University ; to a uniformity of oourse, method, text-books, literature, qualification and character of teachers, the whole enforced by law and rendered compulsory. If to these imperial schemes they added the principle of -the absolutely non- religious character of civil government, and its independence of Scripture and of the mediatorial authority of Christ, it was evident that a new literature must be created, purged of all religious thought or sentiment, dictionaries expurgated of religious words, history rewritten with all traces of providence, grace, or faith eliminated, and phil osophy, mental and moral, reduced to a depart ment of molecular mechanics. That system already emerging in contemporaneous history, and almost everywhere foreshadowed, was a new thing upon the earth, and promised to be the consummate instrument of Satan for the propagation of atheism and practical irreligion, and ranked equal to the greatest of the many antichrists. As to the bearing of Presbyterian principles upon the general conditions and tendencies of modern society, they must ever keep in mind- the triangular nature of the conflict, which had just been indicated. All error, from its partial and exaggerated charac ter, was always liable to very violent reactions from one extreme to another, and was capable of the most incongruous and unexpected com promises. The loyal advocates of the truth, however, must admit no compromise with error of any kind, except when, upon eccasion, she appeared under the guise of an ally, and offered her assistance in resistance of a common foe. If, in reconstructing or in developing theirnation- al systems, they opposed the Papal subordina tion of the State of the infallible Church, with, on the other hand, the Erastian subjection of the Church to the civil authority, they must never accept the easy but fallacious solutions which implied that the State is any the less subordinate to Christ than the Church, or any the less subject to His persona! supremacy, or to His law as revealed in His Word. If they were laying the foundations of the great system of national education which is to form the character of future generations, in opposing sectarian education in a Papal or prelatical sense, they must never consent to compromise with the principles or to co-operate in the methods of those whose real purpose it is to render all education absolutely secular, under the absurd pretence that religion can be ignored and yet not denied, and that religion can be simply non-religious, and yet the whole mass of human knowledge not be rendered positively anti- theistic. The same principles of historical Presbyterianism which in the past had effec tively combated human traditions and hierarch ical absolutism, remained their only effective opponent in the present, arid at the same time the only hopeful agency for resisting the false huinanitarianism, the heathen rationalism, which constitute the chief peril of modern times. (Applause.) - ";> (To be continued.) A oat 'of great sagacity is owned by Mr. Lunt, of Newouryport, Mass. Lately a mouse- trap had been set in tho store closet behind a, flour-barrel, which had sprung on a mouse. The oat observing this, took the trap in her mouth and passed into the cellar, where Mrs. Lunt. was engaged, and laid it at her feet. She opened the trap and gave the mouse to the cat, who soon finished it, and then took up the trap, as before, and placed it where she had taken it from, and quietly awaited for it to be reset. The best snuff is a snuff of the morning air. 