Nobelist. Silverwater Bend ; OR, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of "Scripopolis," &c.;, &c.; Though shadows gather, sunshine fades, And we appears a vale of sorrow ; Faint is the heart that God upbraids— The sun will shine again to-morrow ! EPOCH III.— RETRIBUTION. PART III. SCENE II. OUR readers will, no doubt, have guessed the changes which have taken place in the history of our characters since the awful, tragedy at Dismal Glen, but it may be as well to briefly review the incidents of that eventful jperiod. Both Flora and Mrs. Sinclair were ill for weeks afterwards ; indeed, their lives were despaired of ; but the affectionate care of Percy, who had the best medical advice the district could afford, brought them round ; and at last they were able to again sit round the fireside, greatly changed indeed. Mrs. Sinclair had aged beyond belief. The anxieties, troubles, and excitement of the few months succeeding her husband's death had proved too much for her, and she broke down. Fortunate, indeed, was it for her that her son had camped out on the hill that night; else she would have died, and with her, perhaps, Ailee and Flora. And fortu- mate, indeed, was it for Percy himself. A new and pleasing care devolved upon him ; he had an object for which to live, and, in taking the headship of the family, he became another man. Harry sold out his share in the claim at Sludgetown, and Percy and himself began to develop the lode they had discovered at Dismal Hill. The yields ob- tained from the surface stone were suffi- ciently handsome to erect plant and ma- chinery to suit, and to leave a good balance. A good house was built, and on the site of the wretced hut in which Mrs. Sinclair had settled arose a mining town that rivalled Sludgetown for, of course, the pioneer mine being so successful claims were taken up in every direction ; and some of them did well, though none ever topped the golden Sinclair Reef, which was one of the best in the colonies. The returns were, indeed, splen- did, and when an offer was made to turn it into a public company, Percy and Harry sold their mine, and rotated with a fortune beyond their dreams. Aunt Elsie had been buried on a little rise some distance from the house. Percy had a stone enclosure placed around the grave, and a headstone bearing the inscription: — "Elsie Sinclair, murdered by bushrangers on the night of 27th August, 186—." There the cold, hard-hearted woman, who had lived unloved and feared, because of the gloomy religion which she, in her ignorance and selfish pride, thought to be the faith incul- cated by Christ, took her last rest. No one spoke of her ; all felt that, after her last act, it was better she was dead. Flora brooded and fretted so greatly that her brother determined to send her to Eng- land with his mother while, the mine was being opened, and this was of vast benefit to both. In new scenes, the great sorrow that had fallen upon them was chastened and subdued. Mrs. Sinclair was able to see her old home again ; alas ! to find it a home no longer. All whom she had known had long sincre died or gone elsewhere, and she found herself among strangers. Only the familiar features of the landscape were unaltered— the streams and hills and plains— and with these she communed, recalling the past and the days when, a happy, hearty lass, she was courted and won by the love of her heart, John Sinclair, although his dour sister, Elsie, discouraged the wooing, saying John was too good for a dairymaid ! How little she then dreamed of what would happen afterwards— of that sister's terrible death ? Flora beoame tired of travelling, and she rosolved to go to Italy and finish her musical education. It would give her a part in the business of the great world ; it would make her independent of any reverse of fortune, and help to wean her from the regrets whioh seemed eternal. Leaving her son at a pri- vate academy in England, she went, with her mother, to Florence, where they resided in a villa. Here she applied herself to the great task of beginning again at the bottom of the ladder ; entering upon her studies only to discover how little she knew of singing. But her masters told her her voice was a priceless organ, and she persevered. After an appear- ance at La Scala, in Milan, and in Vienna, she sang in Paris ; and then, after some negotiation, obtained the opportunity to try her fortunes in Drury Lane, the great am- bition of her life. How did she feel towards the man who had been so cruel to her ; who was guilty of such terrible crimes ; who inferentially aided in the murder of her aunt ? Flora persuaded herself that she hated him ; that she would be revenged upon him ; yet, how weak and forgiving the heart of woman is. Though she tried to persuade herself to the contrary, Flora loved him still, and circumstances could have made all her old passion return. If, in her wanderings, she had met him, poor, penitent, forlorn, the beautiful woman would have forgiven him, as she hoped God would forgive her, and taken him to her heart— for she was still willing to believe that he was more sinned against than sin- ning, that a perverse fate was more to blame than himself. What if he was weak, sin- ful, unfaithful, he was her first, her only love ! Even as she pursued her ambition, and worked hard to become a great singer, how often did her cheeks glow when she thought of the chance, when making a great debut, that he would be in the audience, and would be astonished and proud ! The mine having been sold, and affairs in Aus- tralia settled, Harry and Percy eagerly pressed on to England ; Percy to see his mother, sister, and nephew, and to witness Flora's debut ; Harry to achieve the great purpose, though how, he did not himself very clearly know ; nor would he communicate to Percy aught of that dread and mysterious past, which brooded upon him like a nightmare, and made him at times almost insane. And thus it was that our dramatis per- sonnæ were assembled in London to begin the final act of the tragedy. How Horace Leigh came there, time will explain. \---------------------------------- SCENE III. IN a luxurious parlour at the Langham Hotel late on that night sat three men. A tray with refreshments was set upon the table, and the two were helping themselves to whatever was most pleasing to their tastes. The entertainer was Mad Harry, and his guests were two London detectives. One of the latter was an old man, the other quite a spruce and smart juvenile, with all the put on air of the semi-snobocracy of London. He wore unexceptionable clothing, grew his beard. According to the fashion, smoked his cigar like a real "swell," and spoke with the total disregard of the letter, which is sup- posed in some circles to be the shibboleth of gentility and fashion, occasionally lapsing into ridiculous Cockneyism. The elder man was quite different ; in fact, there was some- thing about him of St. Giles, and he spoke with an unmistakeable Cockney accent, without the elaborate attempt at concealment of his plebeian origin which distinguished his junior. Mad Harry— he still kept his real name concealed from everyone— was evidently greatly excited. "Well," said he, as he put down his glass of wine, almost untasted, have you performed your task, have you examined into the case I placed before you ?" "We have, sir," said the elder detective. "And what have you found ? You have been a long time over the affair." "It was werry difficult, sir," said the de- tective, "werry difficult, for we'd to go back such a long time." "Well, what have you found ?" cried Harry. "We have learned, sir," said the detective, draining off a glass of port, "that in the year 182— there was great excitement in Hengland hover a crime committed by Mr. Henry Hayter, the only son of a Midland counties squire, who, though he 'ad no title, was one of the richest men in Hengland. He was tried—" "But what was the crime ?" "Well, sir, it seems has 'e wor a fast friend of young Lord Radnor, the son of the then Earl of Bucclesleigh—" "Good," said Mad Harry, "Very good." "And that the two were always together. They were well-known in Lunnon as two of the wildest scamps of the time, and wild young scamps were as plentiful then as street- arabs now. Well, all of a suddint, a beautiful girl, with whom Lord Radnor was living, was found murdered, her throat cut, sir, and young Hayter was discovered hiding in the house. It was proved, sir, that Lord Radnor was at the family seat, which adjoined Mr. Hayter's property, and also that young Hayter was madly in love with the girl, who chose Lord Radnor instead. She'd been a member of the bally at Droory Lane. And what made things more certain was that young Hayter had blood on his clothes. There was no doubt he'd done the deed ; and if it weren't for the influence of his friends, he'd been hanged, but they got the sentence of death changed to transporta- tion for life. It seems Lord Radnor tried hard to save him in givin' evidence." "Of course— of course," said Harry, with clenched hands and teeth. "But he 'ad to give in to the lawyers, and tell the truth." "But did not young Hayter try to make some defence ?" "He did, sir ; he said that Lord Radnor had killed the girl because he found she had been unfaithful, and that he chanced to come to see him, and he haxed him to help him to conceal the murder, and that, in their attempts to carry the body to the cellar, the blood had got on to his clothes. At last, Lord Radnor told him he would go for a man who would do the job, and he had waited his return, but he never came back, Instead of that, two ser- vants of Lord Radnor's came and found him in the house. He tried to hide, for fear, but they ferretted him out." "Did anyone believe him ?" "Not a soul, sir ; it was too transparent altogether. So the young fellow was sent off to Australia, and was heard of no more." "You have ferretted that case out pretty well," said Harry. "Now, what about the other case, that of Lord Radnor, the son of the man you have mentioned." "Well, sir, that's much clearer, because it happened later. Lord Radnor— the son of the lord I've mentioned, who became Lord Bucclesleigh through his father's death after young Hayter was transported— turned out as wild as his father—" "Stay," said Harry ; "what became of Hayter's parents ?" "They were never able to lift up their heads arterwards, and died of broken hearts. But to continer. Young Lord Radnor, as soon as he 'ad got from colledge, got to play- ing all kinds of pranks, and went it in Lunnon. The family was poor, very poor, though they 'ad expectation from a wealthy relative called Seaforth, but there were several persons who stood between 'em. However, arter a while, the old lord got the young one to consent to marry a very wealthy heiress. They hadn't been married a few months, when up turns a young girl who claimed to be the young lord's wife, an' you may guess there was a shine. However, the young lord declared he'd never been her afore. His wife was not pleased with him for all that, an' she leaves him and goes to live by herself. Two days arterwards the young woman who claimed to be Lord Radnor's wife was found murdered in her cottage. The police soon got to making inquiries, and from what they heard they made sure Lord Radnor had killed her out of revenge." "And did they catch him ?" "Not they ; he was too fast for them. He got some inkling of their suspicious and cleared out." "Has he ever been heard of ?" "Not till we made inquiries a few weeks ago, when you put us on the scent. But I ought to say that Lord Bucclesleigh had a younger son who went as midshipman, and was supposed to be drownded in a war vessel as went down on the high seas, and when the gentleman to whom you drored our attention came home quite a lot was made of him, for the father gave out as his son, Lord Radnor, had died long ago, but this one was the son who had been in the ship. He'd been picked up by an Australian vessel, and had lived in the bush for years. He'd done very well on the diggin's, an' didn't care to come home as the family were so poor an' he 'ad no hexpectations whatever, and didn't care much for his father. But, 'appening to hear as all the Seaforths 'ad died out— one on 'em was smothered in a shaft on a goldfield in New South Wales— he came home to take the property." "And did everyone think this story was true ?" "In course they did. Why, the old affair had died out of everyone's mind. The de- tectives hadn't the slightest idea of anything being wrong until you saw us, when, after going over the files of the Times, we got hold of all the particulars. He was made quite a lion of in Lunnon society." "And do you think the story is probable ?" "Not a bit of it," cried the young detec- tive. "Why, it is all as plain as— haw— mud in a wine-glass, when one has become ac- quainted with the facts— haw. You see, we read the account of the shipwreck, and it's as clear there as daylight that the younger son went down. Here's the paragraph that we copied out of the Times." Mad Harry grasped the document and read it with furious eagerness. It ran :— "Amongst those who were lost was a promising young midshipman, the Hon. William Seaforth. The boats made an inef- fectual attempt to get him off the wreck, but before any help could be given the vessel lurched over, and those in the boats had to save themselves by rowing out of reach of the suction. When the waves created by the plunging of the vessel into the deep had sub- sided, the boats hovered round the scene of the catastrophe for several hours, but no sign of a human being was discovered." "There, you see," said the younger detec- tive, "there's no doubt on it. This man is Lord Radnor, and the clever ruse of personat- ing his younger brother was got up as he knew he could not show his face iu England, long ago as the murder took place, as him- self." "And what are you going, to do ?" asked Mad Harry, almost fiercely. "We would not do any think," replied the elder man, "until we'd seen you, who'd set us on the scent." "Well, then," cried Mad Harry, "make all haste, and arrest him this night." "But why so suddint ?" asked the detec- tive. "It's a serious thing to do anything with lords, and there's a lot of formulas to be hobserved." "Whatever you do," said Mad Harry, "do it quickly, or he will escape." "Ow can he ?" queried the detective. "He hasn't the slightest idea of what's going on. Why, he's been recognised by all as the younger son." "He has no idea !" cried Mad Harry. "I tell you, don't be mistaken about this. He knows the worst to-night, and you'll lose the bird, before one day is over unless you are sharp. Away with you, and I'll see that you are rewarded. Put all the machinery of the detective office at work, or all is lost." "Depend upon it, sir," said both, rising, "he won't escape. We'll consult with our chiefs at once." The men went out, leaving Mad Harry alone. His face was illumined with a strange joy, and he walked np and down the room like a man whose youth had been renewed, "Dead ! dead !— all dead !" said the strange man, as he paced up and down the room with the elastic step of youth ; "and there are no means of clearing the grand old name of the shadow that has fallen on it, nor of recovering the estates, which have gone to strangers. Bnt what need ? Am I not the last of the honoured race ? Vengeance only is left, and that vengeance is within my reach. And an awful revenge !— darker and more terrible than the scenes of those melo- dramas I used to attend in my youth— of the sensation novels I have read in later days. Good God ! I could grind them to powder ! I could burn them to ashes ! I could— But, there ; if I allow these fierce passions to surge through my heart, I will go mad again. I feel my reason tottering. Through the son I will strike the father — through the son will John Sinclair be avenged, as I swore by his dying bed. When I think of the terrible retribution in store, I begin to have some glimmering that, after all, there is a God— a just and avenging Deity— who, though He allows guilt for a season to be triumphant, in the end overwhelms it in shame." "What's the matter, Harry ?" asked Percy, walking into the room. "Do not over excite yourself ; remember the weak state of your brain." "Matter !" cried Harry. "Sit here and I will tell you." And he rapidly went over the story of the detectives, without adding anything to it himself. Percy was astounded. "Now the darkness begins to roll away," said he, "and I understand some of the mysteries which heretofore puzzled me. Now I understand the awful agony of your lifetime. But there is one thing that gives me joy unspeakable. It is plain to me that, after all, Horace was not a married man when he married my sister. She is his wife. Harry is legitimate. Heaven be praised ! But what will be done to him ?" "He will die on the scaffold." Both were unconscious that a listener had been present all the time, standing at the door in an attitude of intense interest ; a listener who turned her eyes heavenwards when Percy spoke. It was Flora. But the moment Harry pronounced the awful doom of her husband she staggered away, and hurriedly went to her own apartments. There she passed a sleepless night. At the critical moment her woman's heart refused to allow her to see this man arraigned as a felon. A thousand excuses arose before her ; the strong passions of youth ; a crime committed in a moment of insane rage ; these were the excuses her love invented, and for hours she lay awake, tossing about in agony, thinking, thinking, how this wretched man could be saved. * * * * * * * * The same night Lord Bucclesleigh and Lord Radnor left London suddenly for Bucclesleigh Hall, to the no small astonish- ment of the fashionable world, when they heard of it next day. \------------------------------------- SCENE IV. ABOUT the same hour Horace Leigh, or, as we will now call him, Lord Radnor— for the reader has by this time understood the posi- tion— sat in the drawing-room of the family mansion in Grosvenor-square, face to face with his father. The two men looked pale and anxious. A nameless horror seemed to weigh them down to the earth. In a few words Lord Radnor's history since the tragedy at Dismal Glen may be given. He had escaped with Mick Bradley to New Zealand, after a series of exciting adventures. In that colony he had joined with his com- panion the very large band of "travellers" which infested the West Coast diggings. These were men who lived by their wits, fre- quenting the hotels and playing cards or dice with the 'soft' or drunken diggers, whereby they managed to make considerable sums of money, which they spent, however, as soon as they acquired, according to the true in- stinct of vagabonds. Lord Radnor, the scion of a noble race, educated and refined, sank fast into the miry slough in which his companions had become submerged, and became essentially one of themselves. Naturally weak and inclined to pleasure, passionately fond of wine and women, he took readily to the dreadful life. Besides, in such company, and in the whirl of low dissipation, he forgot the past, that dreadful past, which haunted him like an evil dream, and for the time forgot the terrors of the police. His cowardly nature made him ever fear an officer of the law. He moved about very little in daylight, and when he did, he slunk through the streets thinking every glance cast at him was one of suspicion. There is no telling to what depths he would have fallen. He narrowly escaped joining a band of bushrangers, for when their fortunes were very low, Mick had proposed to form a band to rob miners travelling from the goldfields to Christchurch or Dunedin, who had generally good "swags" of gold on them, and thus imitate the horrible exploits of the Maungatapu murderers, Sullivan, Kelly, Levy and Burgess, who murdered travellers in the most atrocious manner for their gold. Those who know anything of Australian history will remember the career of these men, who made the part of New Zealand where they were a hell for a time, and who spent the proceeds of their murders, in wild sprees, in the course of which they let out sufficient to cast suspicion upon them. Sullivan turned Queen's evidence and saved his own neck, while his comrades remained firm to the last, never opening their lips. What an awful romance of crime that was ! Who but does not remember that the free pardon granted to the villain Sullivan turned out a farce ; that he was compelled to fly for his life to the prison, with a crowd behind him eager for his life ; that he languished for years in gaol ; that at last the New Zealand Govern- ment, tired of himself and his complaints, smuggled him away to England, whence, in a short time he had to go, as life was made unbearable, owing to the espionage of the police, who made him known to everyone ; that he returned to Victoria, the colony in which he had resided when the goldfields first broke out, only to be apprehended and sent to gaol ; to be released again, after remaining in durance vile for some time, through his knowledge of the law ; that, after- wards, his house was besieged at Wedder- burn, and he stood in danger of his life ; that everyone refused to even speak to him, or supply him with the necessities of life ; and that at last he has disappeared, no one knows where. Truly, Sullivan will be the Wandering Jew of Australian history. Lord Radnor narrowly escaped that fate ; himself and his desperate companions were medi- tating such a step, when a couple of diggers, who had made a pile in the gullies, returned to Hokitika, and Mick Bradley cleverly relieved them, with his companions' aid, at poker, in a few nights. This set the coterie up for a little while. They then began wandering about New Zealand, from gold- field to goldfield, occasionally spending a few months in gaol, until they became so well known, and the miners so prudent, in conse- quence of gold not being so plentiful, that they discovered, as Mick Bradley said, "that the game was played out." It was at this time that the scheming brain of Mick Bradley conceived an idea, which was ultimately worked out. As a matter of course he had long since gathered from Arthur (that was Lord Radnor's Christian name) his true history. At first he thought little of it, for he felt that, owing to his youthful crime, he could not appear in England or claim any- thing ; but during one of the conversations a brilliant idea flashed through his mind. It was to trump up a story, and to make out Arthur to be his brother William who was drowned years ago. Arthur, who was but a tool in the hands of his cleverer though lower companion, at once wrote to his father, giving the outlines of the plot. After a long time a letter arrived from the old lord, re- questing Arthur to write a communication, giving the story of the supposed William, the details of which he supplied. An affecting letter was concocted and sent. As a matter of fact, the old lord wanted to get the Sea- forth estates, which were specially entailed to his heir. Months again elapsed, and another lettor arrived stating that tho bait had taken, and that no danger was to be ap- prehended. Arthur was to sail at once, and a draft was forwarded to him. The two friends departed for England, and on arrival they found everything smoothed for them. To say, however, that Arthur was free from the terror of the punishment of his crimes would be wrong. He was no longer young, and his health was broken by his irregular and dissipated life. Though he soon reco- vered all the outward appearance of a hand- some aristocrat, he was, in reality, weak and nervous. He cared little to move in society, and preferred to lay in bed half the day, read the remainder, and at night seek some haunt of dissipation, in which alone he could enjoy himself. He bad become a perfect slave to the dice-box, and was known in London as one of the best chicken- hazard players in the higher circles of gamblerdom. But for all that, there was the constant fear that the ghost of the past would rise up to confront him, and that he would be flung down from his high estate, and executed as a common felon. The horror that fell upon him when he discovered in the new prima donna, his lost wife, was therefore profound, and it was the greater because he saw she had recognised him. But if a climax to his terror was needed, it was supplied when, on rising from his box to hasten away from the theatre, he saw Mad Harry, Percy, and his own son. To say that he fled from the theatre is not figurative. He rushed out into the darkness, and, disregarding his own carriage, took the first hansom and drove home, imagining all the time that the furies of the law were in pursuit. While turning over in his own mind what to do, the obvious course being to fly to South America with all the wealth he could realise, he was surprised to hear his father's voice, and in a short time he entered the room, closing the door. Arthur looked up, and confused as his mind was, he was startled at Lord Bucclesleigh's appearance. His face was of an ashen grey. He threw himself into a chair, and clasped his hands. ''What is the matter with you ?" asked Arthur. "I might as well ask that question of you," fiercely replied his father. "Why did you leave the theatre so suddenly ?'' "Because the devil conjured up spectres of the past from whom I fled," replied Arthur. "And the same fiend treated me to one spectre, and such a spectre," groaned his father. "Who ? what ?" cried Arthur, his mind at once reverting to the many strange allusions Mad Harry had made at Silver- water Bend. "Can this Mad Harry be—" "Henry Hayter," replied his father, putting his hands over his face. "My God !" cried Arthur, "then both of us are lost." "What does he want here, with his damned, accusing face ?" exclaimed Lord Buccles- leigh furiously, rising up and walking hurriedly across the room. "He knows he can do nothing. He has no evidence ; he can have no evidence. I am secure against him. But is he here to haunt me like a spectre, to dog me to my death. Curse him ! I thought he was dust and ashes long ago ; that he could not live through the horrors and priva- tions which he must have endured. I have read in legends of dead bodies which became animated with a devil, and wandered up and down the earth to ruin and destroy, and surely this is one. It cannot be he, and yet his look— it froze my very blood." "It is he," replied Arthur. And he briefly narrated all he knew concerning Mad Harry. His father listened with a face which was clouded with shadows of pain and irritation. "Poh !" said he, "I have it. This man shall not rise up as my accuser, he shall not breathe the same air. He was exiled for life, and he is illegally on English ground. I will have him seized by the police, and sent back to whence he came." His face cleared up, and he looked quite relieved. Lord Bucclesleigh had of late years become an altered man. From his earliest youth he had pursued a life of sensual pleasure, sparing no woman in his cruel and devouring lust, but at last nature had refused to obey his calls upon her, and desire died with the food it fed upon. It was then that two new passions arose in his soul, the love of gold and a superstitious religion— his sophistical mind making these two discordant feelings agree. The old sinner seemed to feel that he was upon the verge of the grave, and he hoped to make his peace with heaven ere he de- parted into the Hereafter, without, however, sacrificing one of his inclinations. "It is impossible," said Arthur, after his father had ceased speaking. "Impossible ! Why ?" asked Lord Buc- clesleigh imperatively. "What do you mean ?" For a while Arthur's lips were glued with terror. He had not told his father of his career of crime in other lands ; he thought it unnecessary. But he felt that he must reveal all, for he leaned upon his father's strong, practical and plotting mind. Still it was some time before he could tell the ter- rible tale. As Lord Bucclesleigh listened to the con- fession of his son, the dark clouds returned to his face, and long ere the close it wore an evil look, in which fear was mingled. It seemed to this bad, cruel man that after all his sins were to find him out in this world ; that, as here he had erred, here he would suffer. "Fool ! Idiot ! Madman !" he half- screamed, when the last words of the confes- sion came from the blue, trembling lips of Arthur. "You have ruined us all. I feel that through you we are in the meshes of a net from which escape seems impossible. This man, Henry Hayter, appears possessed of a devil and will hunt us to the death. He will place the matter in the hands of the detectives, and they will ferret out of the newspapers of the time the details of the sinking of the war vessel, and then it will be plain to any jury that William could not have been saved. Death, a horrible death, must lie before you, and, therefore, you must fly at once. Even to me all this may be fatal. He may again demand justice of his country, and have some new facts. I know not what to do." He resumed his promenade. "There is nothing for it," said Lord Bucclesleigh, "but for you to fly as early as possible. He cannot take steps very, quickly ; your rank shields you, and throws a thousand obstacles in the way. Let us go to Buccles- leigh Hall to-night ; there we will be safe, for, in case of emergency, you can hide in the secret chambers. I will realise some of the property, and get you sufficient money. Up and away— we will have time to work out the problem at Bucclesleigh." And by the last train the old peer and his son were whirled away to Bucclesleigh Hall, which was not very far from the metropolis. (To be continued.) 