MY LAST NIGHT IN THE OLD COUNTRY. UY W. W. VENN. Long before the huge hotel and Charing evoSH Terminm) of tho South Eastern llail wny hud risen ao imposingly at tho western end of tliu Strand, an event happened on that aito, which, strange and terrible aa it was, would havo become a stirring opisodo al tho Central Criminal Court, had not tho imme diate departure from England of a moat im portant witness delayed tho solution of the mystery until the oceurronco had all but passed out of men's minds, and tho death of an obscure wiuf of humanity had removed all possibility of tho retributive justice of tho law. Ilungerford Market was nut approached from tho Surrey sido of the river by tho sus punaiou-bridge oven, at tho time of which I write ; and many and confused, tumble down and rickety, were the 'tenements which fronted or backed upon tho rivor, whoro t am told tho massive piers and arches of tho railway now stand. Thero arosoveral reasons why a too minute description of tho oxi'ct spot should not bo given ; but my purpose will be served, if tho nature and character of tho locality bo indicated. I lodged in rooms which lookod out upon tho river in the front, and at the back upon a small port of yard belonging to a public housu called tho Fife and Drum, situated in an adjoining alloy. Tliis hostelry was Hot frequented by a vory roputable class, but by a mixture of tho low waterside popula tion, itinerant musicians, jugglers, Punch and-Judy men, and mountebanks of e^ery description. Brawls and rows sometimes, wont on thero for into tho night, and' ren dered the establishment by.no means a pleas ant neighbour. But it suited 1110 to live where 1 did, and as it was not to bo for long, I bore the occasional inconvenience rather than undergo tho trouble of moving. More ver, tho situation was pleasant, and at times very quiot; for thore was 110 thoroughfare for vehicles, of course, a3 tho street, at tho river end of which at >od tho house in which I lodged, terminated by an iron railing. Tho hay and coal barges, di}rii>K high tides, were nusod somotimea within a few foot of tho pavement hero, when tho ciiqall mud-larks of urchins about tho place would establish a highway through tho bars, backwards and forwards between street and boats. There was a short cut to iny dao? from the adjoin ing street by tho alley where the pnbliphouso was, and in nuking it, I often It ad an oppor tunity of studying tho mturners s\nc\ customs in private ljfo of t|\o bespangled and ilesh tighted tnmblpra, who, in those days more, frequently than now, I bolievo, wero to be seen in London streets, mounting on each other's shoulders, or clambering up a polo supported by cmo of their follows. Not a' very profitable study perhaps this, but it was one that fascinated mo, and set me thinking; and I could not fail at last to become acquain ted, by sight, with many of tho leading stars of this nomadic profession, who, all in turn, soemed for a timo to bo my neighbours, Tho public performances, too, of those ar tists, and, indeed, all street eutortaiumenta, had ever been a source of attraction to me. My boyish tastes had liiiffored on into man hood, and I therefore submitted to my proximity to the homo of these gentry with rather a batter grace perhaps than moat poo plo would have done. As the days lengthened, and windows wore kept more constantly open, scraps of their conversation would roach me when in my bedroom, which, being at tho back, as I hare said, lookod out upon the rear of tho Fife and Drum. The talk was novor very edifying, perhaps, to ears polito, but it was always amusing to it 0, and gave mo an insight in to the character of a curious although a rather worthless sot of people. By tho timo, howovor, that mid summer had arrived,'my stay ip England was drawing to a close. In a week more I should bo on my way to the Antipodes, and my mind began '!fiW to bp lar gos fqH of flip to give iy)ll0U heo4 tq the potty stjnahbjos of the poov miserable otvoot tumblers, pearly all my connections-and friends had emigrated, and done well, so that, at the time I was leaving, scarcely any 0110 in London knew me, ercept my landlady, and when I too should havo departed her notion of my whereabouts would havo been of tho vaguest. • Australia wa3 my future address, and as I expocted no letters which would require forwarding, I gavo her no nearer cluo to my future homo. The last night in tho old country haa ar rived. All my preparations are complete. I havo to loavo vory early in the morning to catch a train for Liverpool. Good-bye-has been said, bills havo been paid, and with a small hand-bag, tho only portion of my im pedimenta not sent forward, I am to quit tho houso before any ono is aatir. It is intensely hot. The days aro nt their longest, .and dawn is _ almost breaking ore I rise from tho opou window of my sitting room, where I havo boon gazing out upon tho silvery river, wondering what fortunes will betide bofore I again look upon the huge city. I havo been speculating, now that, it has come to tha last hours, upon the policy of tho step that I am taking. Animated by con flicting emotions, hoping yot doubting, full of sanguine anticipations, mingled with pain ful regrets, I have worked myself into any thing but a aleopful state. Pipe after pipo has been smoked, and the approaching day light alone has recalled tup to a sense of tho necessity of going to bed at all. I do so at last, however ; but as my noisy neighbours, for a wonder, are perfectly quiet, atld as tho heat is overwhelming, I leave tho window looking out upon the littlo yard wi^e open, despito its pvqjimity to the' foot of my bed. I hoar St. Paul's and tho myriad othar olocks one after another, audsomo altogether, strike threo, and it is broad daylight ere 1 drop off to sleep. I. begin to dream, immediately awake with a start, close my eyes, drop off, dream again—this time a very bad dream. I fancy I am at sea; I climb high into the rigging of the ship, crawl out to the end of ono of tho yards, try to stand up, loso my footing, and fall quite gontly and pleasantly, and, as it seems, into tho sea. 1 begin to swim, but can make no progress ; my arms and logs movo with difficulty. I catch hold of a rope which has been thrown to me; another instant, and I shall be safe!—when, ugh! horrible sensation! Tho cold noso of a shark touches my foot, and in a paroxysm of anguish I waka myself with the effort to draw niv leg up out of the way, _ Yes, I awake ; at first with a sonso of re lief that it was only a dream, but a strange sort of cold shiver p.asaos through mo. The next moment a renewed and uuaccountable anxiety is upon mo again. Ain I ill ? I Bit up right, trying to collect my scared wits, be lioving almost that I am still dreaming, when a large dark ominous-looking mark upon tho white counterpane at the foot of the bed,., which wa3 not thore before, catches myoye. I spring out to examine it, and to my horror find it is tho imprint, in, blood and dirt, of a human hand. A closer observation vorifies this fact, and on the window-aill I 300 oven a more glaring token of tho same kind. Shuddering, Jthro^ the sash wider open and look out. Tile drW-P'PP whiohruna from tho roof down the side of the house, close to my window, bears as liigh up aa where I stand, scratches and stains, showing to my now preteruaturally sharpened senses that someone has recently gained an entrance by that way to ray room. I gaze around it. Tho bright morning sun is now streaming straight in, aud as I instinc tively stoop to look under the bod, I see ovidenco of footprints as far as the door lead ing on to tho staircase. 1 try to open it but it ia looked on the outside. Bewildered' but not losing my presence of mind, I go through by tho folding doors into my sitting, room overlooking the rivor. Tho tide is high and as I crane forward out of the window to catch a glimpse of tho end of the street, a man is in the act of dropping from the iron railings thero on to one of the'■'barges. I cannot see his face, for in another aeoond ' he is running and jumping with the agility of a cat from one boat to another, aud is°aud* denly lost to my view behind a huge load of hiy. My firat impulse .is to shout, but I am quickly, checked by the striking of tho clocks and as 1 count five, remember that I should be iu another ten minutes on my nay. to the railway station. ■■■■■.' The truth flashes across me, that if I. give an alarm I shall be detained, lose my train and ship, and all the prospects upon which I have built so many earnest hopes will be lost 10 me for ever. I dare not hesitate. What ever dark mystery I have thus unwittingly come upon must be cleared up by others, not by me! Dressing in the direst haste, I; pass out on to tho landing by my front-room door which is not locked. " Who's that?'- cries the well-known voice of my.landlady,.from above. . "Only I. Good-bye Mrs. Hart once more." "Dear mo! I thought I heard you go a quarter of an hour ago ; some body Went downstairs!" " It. was uot I ; I am lata as it ia. Oood-bye again nud again'!'' 1 cannot even givo her a hint of what has lmpponod, for doing so will cause fatal delay to me. I must risk all consequences to save my train, so I pass down tho stairs, and out by the atroot-door, which 1 sco has boon loft aj.ir. Not a soul is stirring ; I take a fare well look at tho old quarters, and rush away through tho bright but silont streets toEuaton square, carrying with mo unavoidably n load of dreadful and hideous suspicions, whioh years and yciira do not efface. Prosperity in the Now World followod my every act, and by the time thosoquel to " my last night in tho Old Country" was worked out I was living in very different quartora from tlioso by tho riverside at Hungerford Slarkot. Again, I noed not particularise too minutely the locality. To intimate that I was well-established in Melbourne as a mer chant, and that I walked to and fro between my suburban villa and my oflico daily, is sufficient. Tho old inclination to stop and watch all shows and Btreot performances was as strong as ovor, and, laudably or not, I never failed, us the profession expressed it, to " oncourago talont but, at that time, tliero were but few of tho " tumbling" frater nity to bo seen in our thoroughfares. They are tho result of an overgrown population, and do not flourish muoh in the open air in a country where men of thews and sinews aro often almost worth thoir weight in gold. Tho theatres and circus monopolised such acro baticand dramatic genius us tho soil produced; but occasionally the mild performances of dancing on stilts, or tho exhibiting an accom plished monkey, might be met with. When, thereforo, one afternoon as I was returning homo I saw a largo crowd assem bled, and a hugo polo rising from its midst. it is not to bo supposed I passed by on the otlior side. A good deal of shouting mid drum-boating was going on, tmd i\s I oumo up I discovorud tho polo was balanced and supported jn tho sockut of a leathern belt, passed round tho loins ; of a, sturdy acrobat .Anotfior of ~ tho tribe:, sligh ter in figure, was preparing to as cond this sort of must, aud did set, oven as I watched. It was the old triok which I hud witnessed many a timo before in England ; but I da not roinombor that it was then dignified, as it has since beon by; the High soundingnaino of "Iaperehe," When tho mountebank had reached .tho top of the polo, ho exhibited several foata of daring and strength, auoh as wo uro. familiar with, but nt lust ho assumed, when at tho utmost height, ^ tho attitude of a man swimming, supporting himself with 0110 arm and hand, ■whilst his stomach rested on the top of tho polo,' so that, in fact, man and polo together fqrmed the lettor T. Then ho began to strike out with his legs and disengagod arm, whilst thebalancor o£ tho polo beneath.walked round and round in a small cirole. It was not badly done; tho balance and position wore 3tqadily maintained for several miuuteB. Iho drums and Pandean pipes were played with au air of noisy triumph, and a nni r mur of 'applausa arose from the crowd, as they stood gaping, at tlio perdous .perfor mance with upturnod faces. . . - Presently tho acrobat - witi just 'above whora I was standing. I had at that mo ment removed my hat tho easier to watch him. Ho appeared to observe my action, and our eyes met.. .Then suddenly he [jftYe: a sort of jork, seemed to lose lji8 hftlance, tried Ui recover himself, failed, and in a socond full straight dow^ upon the ground head forfi^iqat, tho polo at tho samo timo also escaping from the grip of the holder. ' A terrific shout and a scono of wild ex citement followed. Tho pole hj\d, yi its de scent, felled several of tho spectators like oxen, und thpy ancj the unhappy tumbler; "WflQ apparently-dead, wore ovoutually oambd oft'- to the hospital. Two days later, T was Boated by the side or one of tho small bedB in the accident ward. it. laid the crushed and maimed but yet living acrobat. I had called the next morning to inquire after the sufferers, and had boon told that this man was hopelessly injured in tho spino, but that I10 mi«ht live for some weeks, though ho could never move his legs again. Efta intellect, it was thought, had also sustained a Bhock; for when ho reeovorod his speech I10 appeared to wander, and had talked about havin" been frightened; frightened by a ghost that lie had seen in the crowd, which had takon its .hat off to him, and had throntimod him with its eyes. My action immediately recur red to me. I explained to tho surgeon that I had taken my hat off the moment before tha poor follow fell, and I asked to bo al lowod to speak with him ; for a strange ano malous fueling took possession of me.° I felt at otica compassion, and a curious rennsj nauce towards, him. 1 was both irresistibly attracted to and ropelM fTom that bed aido. I fear from what they toll 1110," I began " that I was in some way tho cause of your losing your balanco ; that by taking my hat oil, L drew your attention from—' "No, 110!" hastily i.ntprenptod the suf ferer, turning 1^5 haggard palo face and wild eyes qp<ln me. " No, it wasn't that Many people tako their hats off, but thoy haven't all got faces like yours ! They luven't all been sent straight acrosMw-o from SJnglandj they don't all bring hack times a, I'd wish to forget J Thoy don't all seam to any to me «* yoi\i-4 did, • I kn^vwhat you havo done 1 A saw you just after you did it ! I'll have you hangud Ibr it !" They don't, all sav this to mo; and ho looked anxiously round to aoe whether tho nurse and surgeon wore.with 111 hearing Finding that thoy wero not, and that indeed wo were quite by oursolves, and closely shut in by a screen in a cornor of the ward, ho rosumodin a wftiapoi*; I' J,hoard 'oni say as I couldn't live W, and if so bo that's true I'd like to tell you what has lam hoavy on my mind;'these six yoars past. If yoii be hini as I suspoct you aro, you must havo been sont on purpose to mako 1110 say what I believo no other man could ever havo mado me say. Your facs made mo miss my tip, and now I scorns to reel a6 if it was a kind o' justice brought upon me ; and if I am to die, you Q^n^do me any more harm than you havo. and my tntnd will bo easier Ho atrotched out his thin but muscular hand and laid it on my arm, which was now trembling with a renewal of the old, horrible long-haunting suspicion. " This is not the first timo as I'vo had my hand 011 you," continued tho man: « and it's well for you you didn't niovo then as much as you are doiu' now, or there might havo been two to answor for instead of one ' Put youroar down closo, quite {close. I climbed into your bedroom just after I'd dono it— just after I'd paid off old scores with Tom bmart; just after I'd murdcrod, him down thero in tho tap-room of tho Fife and Drum there by Hungerford Market. I and ho were sleeping there; he'd got more than a month's i J*wag lying under his head, for he was a reau- ! lar misor, and ha had never so, much as given 1110 a tentli part of o,ur earnings for weeks I grew savage as I saw it ■ there right withiii my reach, aud he, seemingly, so dead asleep ' but L never meant to murder him ! No I never did; only when he caught hold of me just as Id got it, and enw what my gamo j was, he d have strangled me like a dog if I hadu t caught up a knifo that was lying on tho table, and driven it straight into his throat. Ho.dropped like a sto«.o, aud tho blood spurted all over my hands! Then when. I saw what I'd dono, I knew I must get off somehow. So I crept out into tho yard, and I was like a rat in a pit} but I saw a window open just above, and I swarmed up the aralu pipe, feeling suro I could get out there somehow. As I was a-stepping into the room I stumbled, and, trying to save myself, put my hand right on your foot bo foro I know it. Then, for tho first timo, I saw there was somo one in the bed.' The sun shone straight 011 .your face, or else I shouldn't have remembered it so well; aud I thought you was a going to wake, for you drew your legs up quite quick, but you never opened your eyes, andmaybe, it's well for you you didn't; and so I got away, and locked your door to make all safe. I crept down stairs, and out. into the street,, and nipped over on to the barges, and was never taken ! No; nor so much as eversuspected !. I found my way to tho docks, managed to get aboard a ship that was dropping down that day bound for this country, and hid myself U stowaway they called me) till, we got to aoa. UiQy threatened to throw me overboard but I showed them I was strong and active- they let me help them, and we was all good friends at parting. Hereabouts I've been over ajneo, i in the old lino, but I've had a hard time of it" m^my mind, and havo .been wcIWnigh wad more than once, it preyed no on me; I've Heoo go.ing to give myself up over and over again, for I could not-bear my thoughts; and I aee poor old Tom night after night some times just as I left him. Then all of a sud den, conies your face, for 1 knew it again, ah, jnst at once ! I turned regular giddy, i lost my .'told, and remember nothing more till 1 found myself in this bed." Here, then, was that horrible imprint on tho foot of my bed accounted for. The cold nose of the shark, and tho whole sur roundings of that terrible dream, had been suggested to my sleeping brain by tho single and. instantauuous touch , of tho murderer's hand on my foot. Tho-incidenta, which ap peared to cover a considerable timo, had been ongendered in ami Hashed through my mind with that lightning liko rapidity which consti tutes tho greatest wonder of dreamland. It. was well, indeed, for me that I did not im mediately awako, as I supposed 1 had done, or with such a desperate character as this man thou was standing over me, that night might not only have been " my last night in tho old country," but my last on oarth. Tho miserable but repentant criminal died suddenly tho day after he had mado hia con fession to me. I told thoauthoritiesallabout it, and they duly communicated with those of Scotland- yard. Tho mysterious murder,, naturally, had created much excitement in the neighbourhood at tho time of my depart ture,-but the obscurity of the wretched vic tim, and the absence of any clue to the per petrator of the deed, beyond tho marks on tho drain-pipe and in my room showing tho manner of his escape, together with tho im~ possibility of finding me, allowed it to mer"ts into that oblivion which has encompassed so , many other crimes of the aame kind. I My presence, however, on the scone of tho acrobat's fiu*l performance had acted as a : Nemesis, and had avenged tho murder per haps more terribly than if it had been dealt with by tho hand of tho law. 