THE MARKED HAND. (CONTINUED. I After that the days sped by tviftly and pleasantly. I never was so happy in my life. To see Reggie, to be with him all day, and every day was enough in itself to account for it s but besides this, nothing could excel the kindness of the whole family, especially Louise who became almost more than a sister to me. Christmas Eve drew on, and a large party of friends and relatives were invited for the occa sion. In the course of the evening the conver sation turned on ghosts. All were expressing their opinions, some utterly scouting the idea of their existence, others declaring, with a little shudder, that they "really half believed in them." I did not join in the conversation, though I noticed Reggie looking half expect antly in my direction. At last he quietly left his seat and took one next to me, and, when the conversation was at its loudest he said, in an undertone : " Nellie, do you believe in ghosts ?" "Why do you ask, Reggie?" "Because," he said, "there is a legend in the Cedeville family that, if anything extraor dinary is to happen to any member of it in the coarse of a year, a ghost appears on Christmas Eve. The place of its appearance is an old gallery hung with ancestral portraits at the top of the house. Now I do not in the smallest degree believe in the legend, but still I have a fancy, a strange fancy, to pay a visit to my an cestors every Christmas Eve. No one in the house knows of this habit — they would only mock at it if they did ; hitherto I have always gone alone. This evening I want you to come with me — will you, Nellie ?" "I will go," I answered, looking into his brown eyes. An hour or two later I found myself following Reggie up curious winding stairs to an out-of- the-way back part of the house where I had never been before. Presently we reached a long, iiigii, uarruw ruuui eineijj.iig anuiigiy ui dust and mouldiness. " Here we are," said my guide, holding the candle high so I might have a good view. "No ghost yet. Allow me to introduce you to my ancestors." And he begaH explaining the curious old portraits of all ages, and in all varieties of costume. Suddenly, as I was gazing at one old lady with a tower-like head-gear and a waist in close proximity to her arms, I felt my wrist grasped by Reggie. I turned quickly ; he held the candle on a level with his face, and I could see it was ghastly pale, while Ins eyes were fixed with an expression of wild fear on some object at the other end of the gallery. At the same mo ment a cold blast from the open door sweeping in blew out the light, and we were left in total darkness — only for an instant, though. As our eyes became accustomed te it we could distin guish a faint bluish light at the far end of the room, and in the very midst of the light stood the tall, white figure of a woman. She was motionless as a statue, her left hand was stretched out, and the first finger pointed to wards Reggie. For a moment I thought I must have sunk to the ground as my eyes fell on that hand. I knew it so well — long, thin, and very white, with a deep red mark right across it— again, most unmistakably, the hand of my dream ! For about three minutes she stood so, and then, as it seemed, noiselessly disappeared. Alter she had gone we remained as if rooted to the spot, till the firm conviction that was tugging at my heart broke forth in passionate words : " Reggie, that is no ghost, no spirit ! It is a woman — a living woman ! I have seen her be fore — I know I have 1" In my excitement I would have pressed for ward in spite of the total darkness, to the spot where she had stood, but Reggie held me back. " It would be useless now, Nellie," he said — and his voice sounded hoarse and broken. "Nothing can be done in this darkness. Wait till daylight, and the place can be examined." " What 1 — and have us all robbed and mur dered in our beds ? Let me go, Reggie — let me t go !" But he would not let me go ; he held mfe tightly with his arms around me, and he laughed a little as he whispered : " If any one is murdered, it will be me, for the finger pointed towards me ; but I have no fear. Nellie, you are trembling like an aspen leaf, and you are as cold as an icicle ; for my sake, darling, come away — for my sake !" A Hdu picti W do IlUt llvl MO ivOlsUCUi X DUUCiCU him to lead me quietly out of the room, down the dark, winding stairs, into the light and , warmth of the other part of the house. Not till the next morning did we tell of our adventure, and then it was received with a provoking amount of incredulity. However, after break fast,, we succeeded in forming a party for the examination of the premises. " Shall we go armed ?" asked Captain Lewis, producing a formidable- looking revolver. " By all means !" laughed Reggie, who seemed to have quite got over his first fear, and to be convinced that some one was playing us a trick. But no such thought consoled me, as I fol lowed the rest of the party up to the north gal lery. Arrived there, we pointed out the spot where the figure had appeared. Captain Lewis examined it carefully ; he pushed away some of the pictures from one side of the room, but nothing could be seen but an old, damp-looking walk Still undaunted, he examined the other side, when presently a loud exclamation startled us all. He had lifted up one of the heavy por traits bunging at the end of . the room, and on touching what seemed a tiny -black speck in the wall, a little door flew open, and revealed a small closet behind. This, again, communicated with a long passage, ending in narrow, steep stairs, which were found to lead right down to another secret door opening into the back hall. One and all, we crept through the passage, scarcely .wide enough to admit one at a time, lov," t'uvfc ws were olviszed to bend almost | we could do little but loon at eaoii other in : blank amazement, till Sir Henry came to the j built with these secret passages ; he had heard that this house was quite a famous hiding-place in Jacobite times, but he had never known of this particular passage before. Still this did not explain the mystery of the preceding evening, nor did it at all relieve my mind. Inquiries were instituted, but without success — no clue could be found to the perpetrator of the " trick; as everybody would persist in calling it. The affair became a nine-days' wonder, and then died out altogether. Not so with me, however — all real enjoyment of my visit was over. I dared not communicate te anyone the terrible anxiety gnawing at my heart. Night after night I lay awake, reasoning with myself, but the awful presentiment of evil seemed to be hanging over me, and I could nofc get rid of it. People began to notice my palfe look and nervous manner. Reggie grew quite unhappy about it — and this he told me one day when we were walking out together. It was our favourite walk round by the cliff. The sea looked grand on that day, with the dark; melancholy grandeur of a winter sea. There was something almost ominous in the sound of the waves upon the beach and the wailing of thte wind among the trees. " Tell me all about it, Nellie," said Reginald. 'You are ill — I know you are. You are un- happy — miserable ; to see you so makes me wretched. Whom should you tell, if not me? Why won't you confide in me ?" Then my resolution was taken, and I deter mined to tell him all. " Let us sit down, Reggie," I answered. "We are well wrapped up — the wind will not hurt us." So we sat down on an old rock,' with the grey sky above us and the sea sobbing at our feet, and I told him all of my dream, my strange fellow-traveller, and the unmistakable identity of the hands. He listened patiently till I had finished, and then he put his strong brave arms around me, and drew me very close to him. "Nellie, my treasure," he whispered, "you need not fear dreams, presentiments, or anything else. With heaven's will, nothing shall separate us — nothing — nothing but death Even as the words passed his lips a wild shriek rent the air. We started up and looked eagetfy around. While we were talking the tide had been so rapidly rolling in that it had almost reached the rock where we were sitting. Mahy were already nearly covered. On one of these latter stood the solitary figure of a womfcfc, frantically gesticulating and calling loudly for ucip, out; w as iu maiiuicui uaugci. JLU a xvvv minutes more she must inevitably be swept away. Quicker than thought Reggie had taken in all this — quicker than thought he had thrown off his coat, and was even now wading towards her. In the wild selfishness of the moment, I woujd fain have recalled him, but he heeded not my imploring gestures ; a human life was in peril, and he might be the means of saving it. On arid on, nearer and nearer, he progressed, till, juBtas he reached her, a huge billow rolling in enveloped them both ; then, as it passed on, I watched for some seconds, which seemed like hours, the rising and falling, the straggle between life and death. _ ,1 If Reggie had been alone, he could easily haye battled against the waves, but the clutch of the drowning woman, and his efforts to keep her head above water, weighed him down and clogged his progress so that I felt both must be lost. Just at this awful moment, two coast- guardsmen, attracted by my cries, appeared on the scene, and in another instant four figures were in the water instead of two. Then a misti ness crept over my eyes, and thongh I still stood rooted there, I knew nothing of what hap pened till I felt some one pull my sleeve. It was one of the coast-guardsmen, dripping from head to foot, and looking very much exhausted. He did not speak, but only pointed to two objects lying on the dry sand a little way ofl. "It is Lady Cedeville's son," said the other man, coming up — Mr. Reginald ; who will prepare the poor mother ?" The sight and speech seemed to return to me suddenly. " I will I" I cried, not heeding the pitying looks of the men, not heeding anything but the madness that seemed coursing through my veins like fire, as I rushed on, till I reached the gate of Cedeville Manor. Lady Cedeville was walking up and down the avenue. I ran up to her and clutched hold; of her hand. "Mother," I cried, UBing the first word that came from my agonised heart, "your son — Reggie — " I saw her turn as white as death ; I saw her fix her eyes on me, and ask the question her lips refused to utter — I felt my head reeling-— I felt my sense going ; but I had no pity for the bereaved mother then, no pity for any one but myself, as I shrieked out : " He is dead — dead — dead 1" It seemed to me that the trees, the earth, the sky, the whole air took up and re-echoed the cry, and with it still whirring and dinning in my ears 1 tell down on tne coia, uamp graaa, anu was for the time lost to all outward things. : They told me I went from one fainting fit into another, and it was not till two dayB later that I came to my proper senses again ; then I found myself in my own little room, Louise sit ting on a chair by the bedside , she, too, looked dreadfully ill, poor child ! She was leaning back in her chair, and I could see the tears rolling down from her closed eyelids ; but as soon as I touched her she started up and brushed them awaj\ " Louie !" " Nellie, my sister !" " Yes, we shall be sisters, Louie— sisters still. She bent over me with a wealth ef pity and love in her dark eyes. " It will not be long, Louie, I think," I said, lifting my head wearily— not long you cannot live without him, I cannot — I cannot !" " Don't speak so, Nellie — heaven is very merciful." " Heaven is very merciful, therefore I shall be taken away. I shall not be left all alone in this cold world — 1 could net bear it, little sister. Having tasted the sweetness of love, I could not live without it now." " You shall not, Nellie. Heaven has many \ ways of showing mercy." And so saying, Louise gently drew back the curtain, and stepped aside. Had the dead come back te life ? Almost, I think, for my own "Reggie stood before me. That afternoon I rose and dressed. The excite- | ment of gfeat s<V-rowi 8»<ceede«l by tiie exoite- ! lfien: r-f gr- u 1 ' uo-u hi One : ' ' ' ' - /upcast £,ud unhappy wishout appi reut cause. She came | into the room just as I was dressed, and a aud- "Lou;se," I said, " tell me what became of I tiie woman Reggie tried to save 2 Is she alive, too 2" I saw she tried to evade an answer ; but I would not be put off. " Tell me, Louise ; I would rather hear the worst at once." She is here, Nellie." H " In this house 2" « Yes— all that remains of her." " Will you let me see her 2" ' f Better not, Nellie." ! " Nay, little sister, but I wish it." Without another word she led the way into an adjoining room where lay the dead body. J looked down on the calm white face, with the ha.r brushed softly back, and then l looked farther — to the hands mossed on the still breast —and my heart seemed for an instant to cease beating. The left hand lay uppermost. Scarcely whiter in death than in life, with the deep red mark reaching from, the wrist to the middle finger, once more, and for the last time, I saw the hand of my dream. When I looked up, Louise was standing opposite me, gazing wist fully at the dead form. " Ah, Nellie," she said, as our eyes met, " I may well be sad. ! It is my late governess and dear friend, Miss King." So the mystery was solved. My fellow- traveller, the apparition in the north gallery, and the woman lying dead before us now, were one and the same. She had escaped from the lunatic asylum, had travelled down to Chen- worth, and, knowing all the ins and outs of Cedeville Manor, had appeared in the north gallery on Christinas Eve, apparently to warn Reggie. What she intended in her madness to do, or whether she had any settled plan to frustrate his marriage, will on this earth never be known, but her words came true — Reggie did not marry in her lifetime. . They buried her in the little village churchyard, and erected a plain white stone to her memory. Reggieand I often walk there in the stall summer evenings. We of the poor young creature whose life was bo sadly blotted out, and of heaven's great mercy to us'. 