WAGGA WAGGA. Great us the benefits that are to be noted as following from the late rains, there are yet many places down the river tho appearance of which is unpleasantly like that of a macada mized road. A change that came to us on Saturday will, therefore, have been very welcome. The early part of the week was very fine, in fact, up to Friday there was a plea sant warmth in the days, the nights being cool. On Fri day night it was plain that we were in for a wet time of it, anil on Saturday the rain came down all day loug, steadily continuing through the night, and on to mid-day of Sun day. In that time the rainfall about here was' close upon three inches, and from down the river the reports that have reached here state that in most places the rainfall was very heavy for about the same time as we had it in town. Alo'ng the Southern road the weather, about fifty miles from here, last week, was extremely cold, snow being re ported here a6 having fallen at Cunjcgong and Jindalee. There is not much in the way of news to communicate. The most prominent matter of the past week or so has been the starting of a movement for the planting of trees. At a meeting of the hospital committee, held on Monday last, this subject came on for discussion on a motion proposed by Mr. Hawkins. He asked the committee to plant tho hospital round with trees, at a cost of not more than £2 per tree, or a supposed expenditure of about £40 or £50. The resolution was carried, and as the owners of the property in Johnstone-street and Tarcutta -street in the neighbour hood, with whom this movement has originated, .are about planting the fronts of their premises, we may look for a pleasant improvement in the locality after a time. At the same meeting the deplorable state of the drainage of the hospital was forced on the attention of the committee by a complaint from Dr. O'Connor, who stated that the surface water from the premises flowed into his property adjoining, and also into the hospital well. A dis cussion arose in which Dr. Wren condemned in the strongest manner the inefficient drainage of the building, but as the erection of a hospital on another site is a favourite idea with many, the proposal to go in for a thorough and. permanent scheme of drainage work was not held in great favour. Mr. Baker, manager of the Union Bank, pointed out the inconsistency of voting money for the purpose of planting trees, whilst they were reluctant to incur tho expenditure necessary to perfect the sanitary condition of this temporary home 'for the sick. The originators of this tree-planting movement having succeeded so well with the hospital committee, carried their influence next into the Mechanics' Institute, and at the meeting of Thursday last were enabled to carry a resolution, voting the sum of £20 for the purpose of planting trees around the institute, which stands at one of the corners of the street, in which those mainly interested in the new idea have their properties. The vote of this com mittee has taken a good many by surprise, as the institu tion is in debt ; has some heavy liabilities for improvements to meet next month, and, moreover, has for its library* collection which is -really a reproach to the town. More than half of the books on the catalogue are thoroughly worn out, and there is a crying need for the spending of a good round sum in hooks. Taking these facts into consideration, and the fact that this conversion of the funds of the in stitute {is held by reliable authorities to be illegal, we aro likely to hear a little more about this matter. TheMurrumbidgee Pastoral Association have just issued their programme for the annual exhibition, which is fixed to take place on the 12th September. The^rogramme or last year was remarkable for the large number of special prizes that were given ; this year I find the number » much reduced. The new feature in the prize listoftnis year is a magnificent gift from Messrs. R. Goldsbrougn. and Co. Through the local agents, Messrs. Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, and Co., this firm presents four cups tor H competition of the total value of £50— that is a cup value ? £12 10s. for each of the following exhibits :— Pen of two. ? best merino rams, 2-tooth, 6horn as lambs ; pen of merino ? ewes, ditto ; pen of merino rams, 2-tooth ; and* pen or ? jnerino«v.' - *:-ineage. The prizes, exclusive of Messrs. G«ldsbroi::.. '- gift, are over £200 in all. We have ;t young lady in this neighbourhood just now who is about as strange a specimen of female larrikinism as one «an well iisiapine. S ouie of her freaks at night involve the necessity of donning male attire. Her latest anmse jnent is likely to lead to trouble if persevered in. With a hideous mask and a white sheet or robe, this adventurous female has been playing the ghost, concealing herself in the dark under the lagoon bridge and other lonely places at night, and, stalking out upon the unwary passengers, has succeeded in more than one instance in establishing that state popularly described as being ' friehtened into fits.' The members of the Wagga Cricket Club had a pleasant ?evening on Monday last on the occasion of the presentation of a bat to Mr. S.'Tornpson, as the highest scorer in the match Trith the Tuniut team. The present was the gift of Mr. Blacft, the manager of the Bank of New Sjuth Wales, and the recipient is the strong right hand of the Wagga Club, as the club's success in most of its winning matches 5b to be attributed to this young gentleman's splendid fowling. The Karrandera land office has been again opened for business, and arrangements have now been made for the regular transaction of land business in this rapidly rising little township. ' The resolutions with reference to the Wagga Bridge, to be proposed on Friday night by Mr. Leary in the Assembly, though touching a matter which affects the prosperity of a good many in the district, do not excite much comment here. The net result of all negotiations with the Bridge Company have hitherto been nil. The extraordinary sum demanded by the directors has invari- ably stopped the way of all settlement of the matter, and as there is no likelihood that they have abated one jot of their pretensions, very little is hoped for as a result of Mr. Leary's energetic attention to the subject. The business report of the past week is something better than for the week or so previous, and hopes are ent2r tained that considerable improvement will follow the rain fall of the last two or three days. There is a decided increase of confidence within the past fortnight, and in stock matters a marked advance in the price of sheep is to be noted for this week. The following sales have been made during the past week : — Messrs. Wilkinson, Kann, iMincbin, and Co. have sold 6500 G-tooth wethers for the Messrs. Pcppin, of Boonoke ; 5000 wethers for M'Cullnch, Sellars, and Co., of Illilarra ; 50 head of fat cattle for Mr. John Wilk'nsnn. of Tirnnit . Messrs. Fosbei1 ?, Mackinnon, and Co. Liu? !-'./' ' ?*-1^'') owes for Messr«. Pe.ipii:, , and 4000 mixed wcaners lw Vil* ;:i .-v.tl M'Callum, -if Pominsalarva. The conditional purchases made at the Land- office on Thursday amounted to 292 acres, in six selections. The Murrunibidgeo Turf Club is in meeting- to-night for | the purpose of cutting out the programme for this year's j . races, but I am obliged to close without the result to catch the mail. I believe it is probable that very little difference ?will he found in this year's list of prizes from last year's — or if any, the tendency will be towards reduction. June 11. ? 