HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, JULY 3. PETITIONS PRESENTED. By Mr. MANN, from 75 agriculturists, asking the House to authorise the construction of a railway from Blyth to Gladstone. By Mr. DUNCAN, from 70 farmers and other residents of Green's Plains, praying the House to authorise tiie construction of. a railway from Port Wakefield and Salisbury. QUESTIONS. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in answer to Mr. KAT, said the attention of the Government had not been directed to the means of egress provided at the different public places in the City of Adelaide, with a view of deter mining whether they were sufficient to afford necessary protection against risk of acci dent in the event of an alarm of fire arising.— In answer to Mr. Sinclair, he said provision would be made in the new Waterworks Bill for extension of the water supply to Cammdown and Brompton Park.—ln reply to Mr. Dcncam, he said the Destitute Persons Relief Act, 1872, placed all funds voted by Parliament for relief of destitute poor under the administration of the Destitute Board, and In compliance with the Act a representative officer was appointed st Wallaroo. The Govern ment would call upon the Chairman of the Des titute Board to report upon the manner in which relief was administered on Yorke's Pe ninsula,—ln answer to Mr. Mjatt, he said it was tbe intention of the Government to intro duce a Bill for proceeding with the Port Bronghton Jetty. The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION, in answer to Mr. Basedow, said there was no school, building belonging to the Council of Education at Angasfon. The Coun cil recognised the necessity of providing a suit able building there, and provision therefore would be submitted for the approval of Parlia ment during tiie present session.—ln reply to Mr. Kricha-cff, he said a room had been offered as a telegraph office at Stirling Bast, but it was not considered suitable. If suitable premises could not be obtained provision would be made on tiie Supplementary Estimates for ' the erection of a small office on a rite con venient to the inhabitants of both Stirling East and Orafers, and to travellers by the mail coaches. —In answer te Mr. ; Dixuxo, he said the Government had con- j sideredihe question of causing cipher telegrams ] to be transmitted throughout tiie colony at ordinary rates, but did not propose to reduce them, inasmuch that all such messages were repeated back to ensure accuracy, and they also gave more trouble in transmission.—The ATTOBNET-GENEBAI,, in reply to Mr. Wicu:t, said tbe cost of the South-East Circuit Court for the year ending 31st December, 1869, was £384 195.; 1870, £425 165.; 1671, £304 9s. 3d.; 1872,£334175.3d.; 1878, £3?2 16s. 4d.; half-year ending June SO, 1874, £197 175.; year ending 1875, £358 17s. Id.; 1876, £402 4b. 2d. For year ending June SO, 1877, Touchers were not completed nor obtainable. This included the travelling and other expenses of the Judges and officers of the Court while on Circuit, excluding Jurors' and witnesses' ex penses.—ln answer to Mr. Kbichattff he stated that it was now proposed to include the new Real Proptaty offices in the general public offices to be erected in Tictoria-square, compe titive designs for which had been invited. The plans would be submitted to Parliament daring the present sessira, and the cost would depend upon tiie plans ultimately adopted. TheCOMMBSSIONEB of CROWN LANDS, in reply to Mr. Basedow, said a Bill was in print, and the Government hoped to introduce it during the following week, to carry out the resolution passed in November, 1876, affirming &c; aarisablenes? of tbe destruction of rabbits on Crown lands. PABK LANDS BILL. Tbe MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION moved—"That he have leave to introduce 'A Bill for an Act to authorise the granting to the Council of Education portion of certain Park Lands.'" He said a similar Bill had been introduced but session, but it indnded the Park Lands at Port Augusta and Wallaroo, as well as the Park Lands at Kadina included in the present Bill. At Port Augurta and Wal laroo sites had been found for schools, but at Ksdina it was impossible to do so. The Council of Education were extremely desirous of having a site, and he did not think the same objections would apply to this Bill as did to the last one. motion was carried, and the Bill was introduced and read a first time. The second reading was fixed for the following Tuesday. CROWN LANDS CONSOLIDATION BILL— SECOND BEADING;. Adjourned Debate.—Mr. COGLIN believed that the Bill, with tbe exception of two clauses, was only worth the paper ft was printed on. One clause related to granting mineral leases for 99 years, and tbe other to the extension of the area of agricultural land to I*BBo acres. The way to have prosperity and induce immi gration was to have a liberal Land Act similar to that in force in Queensland. The 33 Acts introduced since the original Wakefield system web in force had never worked harmoniously. Strangways Act had worked pretty well,butthe present Act would never attract population, nor would any Act until it was made much more liberal. The squatters had been the pioneers of the country, and on bind not fit for agriculture they should bs encouraged to settle by allowing them to have the land at a. much lower rate than was pr- posed in the present Bill. When the Bill l<.f-' Committee it would be so mutilated that it cculd not be recognised as the Bill they were now discussing. He was of opinion that a person should be allowed to get as many acres as be coald afford to, so long ?a the land was cultivated. Nearly all the land should be sold at £1 per acre, and never at ft higher price than £2 per acre. The same inducements should be given to miners as were given in Victoria. They had gold and copper in the cjlony, but they had never been developed, because no in ducements to do so bad been offered by the Government. The whole of the reclaimed lands in the Soutb-East should be sold at £1 per acre, and not at £3, the price mentioned by Mr. Glyde. The Bill was not such a one as he expected from the present liberal Government, as they should have classified the binds so tint scrub binds could be sold at 10s. per acre. Surveys should be also carried out in such a manner as to prevent a, liereon getting small sections sur veyed to pics out out all the good alluvial ground in outlying districts. That had been done in the past, but should not be done in the future. He lived in hopes of .one day seeing a BDore liberal I^nd Bill than bad at present been introduced. Mr. J. DUNN said the Act was one of great importance, as it consolidated the whole of their land laws. He would deal with the details of the Bill in Committee, and would view the Bill from three standpoints—that was from the squatting, mineral, and agricultural standpoints. The squatters were the pioneers who made way for civilisation, and he was sorry < that tbe Oommis?ioner of Crown Lands had said be could not give the same consideration to tbe squatting as to the mining interests. The reason would be found to be that the sqcatter bad had his day, and squatting would i have to giro way to ngricnlture. All stations were to some extent model fawns, and gave people an idea of what could grow on the runs. He hoped that the same liberality would be -shown to the squatting as to the mining interests when the Bill was in Committee. He did not approve of the S per cent, on the pro- | fits being taken by the Government, as the prizes in mining were few compared to tbe blanks. The most important part of the Bill was that j portion relating to agriculture, as errors in the j first two portions could be remedied, bnt if a mistake were made about tbe agricultural part of the Bill it eonld not. They were parting with the land for ever. In parting with the t land they were, however, benefiting themselves by keeping a population in the colony, and the best way to kesp them was not to allow the free hold of the land to be too soon obtained. Mr. DARLING, in supporting the second reading of the Land BUI, alluded to the great strides made in land legislation since the Wakefield eighty acre section system. Since the passing of Strangways Act the export of cereals had considerably increased. In 1869-70 tiie exports were valued at £35,741, while since the passing of the Act the lowest annual value was £69,864, or nearly double, while one year the amount exported was valued at £102,681. He could not agree with that part of the Bill extending the area of agricultural bind for selection to 1,280 acres, as 610 acres was quite sufficient, very few of the farmers at present having selected up to 610 acres. It was the intention of the Government to place lona fide workers on the land, but unless they were very careful they would place speculators on it. and increasing the area would tend to bring ab)ut that state of things. He approved of people after selecting 640 acres not being allowed to select a second time. He agreed with auction pure and simple, as if land were worth more than iX per acre the Government should get its worth. T>ie high prices given for land in the rast he believed bad been caused by the limited quantities*put up for file at one time, and even then many farmers ha.4 to go away without get ting any land. Substituted residence bad acted very prejudiciously to the interests of the country and should be done away with. (No, no.) He approved of the rent of mineral lands hcisg reduced to Is. per acre on a 99 years lease. The percentage should be reduced fr->m 5 per cent to S|. Mr. Cowan's remarks on t'je pastoral leases seemed to flavor of 10 or 15 years ago, when there were great divisions between the farmers and squatters. He thought that the eauattera Bhoald be liberally treated, although he did not think that the piitoral lessees had paid sufficient in tbe past. To show that he would quote some figures showing the exports since 1670. The value of breadstuffs shipped in 1870-71, was £L 253.429; in 1871-72, £860,202; in 1873, £1,711,746; in 1874-5, £1,080.296; in 1675-6, £I^oo,ooo. ft was generally admitted that there were from 7,000 to 9.000 farmers in the province, and that there were about three adult men to each farm. So that there must be at least 23,000 to 24,000 persons engaged in agriculture. They had 390, say 300 otraers of leases against 8,000 or 9,009 persons engaged in farming, and he would now give them the shipments of wooL In 1870 these amouoted to £L000,3i4; in 1871, £1250.689; in 1872, £1,692,609; in 1673, £1,808,622; in 1874, £1,998.939; and in 1875, £2,066,227. If the squattets did not employ more than 4,000 men in the production of what amounted to far more than the actual production of 9,000 men, the country, he argued, was not receiving euf ficient. The fanners would not be able to go very far north, and beyond where they could go the Government should allow the squatters to have land, with an increased certainty of tenure, bat they should get move than an average of a farthing per acre for the land. Mr. MA-NN had criticised the measure intro duced last session somewhat severely, as he had believed that Hie Government had not intended to pass lie Bill. Subsequent events had shown the justice of that idea. (No.) The scheme now before the Government was a great im provement on the Acts now in force. He .believed, however, that the Government would find that they had made ? mintakfi in introducing in one Bill what it would have been better to hare divided into three. The various matters relating to the three interests were of a totally different character, and being placed in one Bill they might cause the BUI to i break down of its own weight. Z*nd?iUt were standing subjects for ducusrion, and it was strange to notice bow members had veered round in their opinions on the subject. Persons at present most either pay a high prioe for the land or stand out altogether; and although the Bill improved on that, yet it still kept up the unhealthy system of people bidding against each other in the auction-room. He did not believe that the Government wfeeme would work, as it was very cumbrous, and would neces sitate a large number of auctions in one day. He bad some new clauses to introduce, and he asked the hon. members to consider them. His idea was that when new Hundreds were thrown open for selection any one wanting land in any particular Hundred should put in his ap plication, which would state that he was prepared to give so much for the section. When selecting the land the applicant would calculate how nraeh he would be able to give for each section. He then sent in the applica tion, and as soon as toe list of applicants was prepared, the highest tenderer could mate his selection, and if he took land applied for by any one else, the second pena applying aould have his application deposit returned, or else have Ira name placed at the bottom of the list, bo as to select the same day trbatover land might be left. That system would do away with the undue excitement of auction rooms. The clauses proposed by him would effect the object dented better than the Government clauses. He agreed* with personal residents having the selection, whatever amount might be I tendered by others who took advantage of the substituted resident clause. He noticed* clause in the Bill which contained the same principle as appeared in a Bill introduced by him last session, bnt which was thrown out. Hie was glad to *cc that the Government had altered > their opinion. Not only the Government had changed their opinion, but so had other mem bers of Parliament. With reference to the Land Act the words of Shakespeare would apply— " Age cannot wittier it. Kor custom stale its infinite variety/C ' He agreed with the increased area, and with a perron who had once selected 1,380 acres n«t being allotted to make a second selection. He agreed with the Crown Lands Tribunal, and he did not think that Hie powers granted to the Commissioner of Crown lands would be abused as the Commhwioner would have the people and the Press against him. He did not notice any alteration in the Scrub Lands Act, and thought that the 11th schedule was the Bame a* the Act i now in force. The classes could be liberalised with advantage, and he would support that being done. The pastoral laws were in a great state of confusion, and care should be taken that none were omitted. The mineral laws should be made as liberal as possible, and suc cessful mines should be made to pay. He was in favor of the rent being charged, but thought that the royalty should be reduced to 2| per cent. The gold-mining clauses would be un workable if there were anything to bring the 1 Art into operation. Han alluvia] rash took place one person could take up a number of leeses, and so occupy the whole gold-bearing emit] try, there being no limit to the number of I- «m a person could take out. If he could not carry his own scheme he would support the) one proposed by the Government. ;_ The MINISTER of AGBXCUZ.TUBB and EDUCATION reciprocated the congratulations poured forth soabondMiUybythelasthon.mem- Iht. and admitted that he did propose thesystem of tender, butas a reason jmNafyingtbechange of opinion he referred to the argument against tender submitted by Mr. Mann. Referring to the speech of Mr.Glyde, he said it wasvery un fair and ungenerous to the Government, and he should challenge much that Hr.< Hyde said. The hon. member said the Government did not in tend to pass the measure last session, but he said they did, and would have sat as long as it might be necessary to pass the measure. Mr. Glyde, in speaking on this subject, applied the word unscrupulous to the Ministry, and also stated that it was well understood that he (the Minuter of Agriculture and Education) was never to be Commissioner of Crown Lands. He did not not know anything to justify Mr. Glyde inu?ingtbetermunscrupulous ( nor wasthere any reason for his saying that itwas understood that he (<he Minister of Agriculture and Education) would never be Commissioner of Crown Lands. There was no understanding of Hie sort, and if aman asserted that which he knew to be untrue, or did not know to be untrue, then the term un scrupulous would better apply to Mm. Mr. Glyde had no right to use his position In that House to make assertions which Be well knew he had not the ghost of a chance of f roving. As Mr. Glyde had come down to the House and had shown that he still insisted pa the exploded views lje held yean ago, he (the Minister) would just refer to those views. He then quoted the Hon. Mr. Clyde's celebrated five reasons, and then went on to ask what did Mr. Glyde tell them in that Howe the other day. Why, that their chil dren would curse their memories lor what they had done in connection with this land legislation. He was not going to utter any prediction or endeavor to give any pro phecies, but be would give a few statistics which would show the actual result of the work ing of the land regulations, and then be would ask them to fairly consider the position as be tween the Hon. Mr. Glyde and the Government, and to say who were best representing the in terests of the country. They were also told that it was an experiment, and that they did not know the result. Ten years ago the system of selling the Grown land* for cafh was in full foroe. and the law of the country did not admit of any laud being sold on credit, and this had been the basis .of reform. The Northern districts, including the Counties of Frosae, Stanley, Victoria, Eyre, Burra, Kitnberley, Dalhonsie, Herbert, and Daly, which, with the exception of that strip of country from Auburn up to Clare, wag 10 years back unoccupied by termers. It consisted either of open sheep runs. lands leased from the Crown, or private estates uncultivated. The population of the Northern district in 1837-8. was 23,552; now it was 50,803; showing that since the establishment of the credit system the population had been nearly doubled in the North. The quantity of land sold in that dis trict ia 1867-8, was 919.672; in 1878-7, it was 3,020,873. The land Cultivated in that district \- instead of being as it was 10 years ago 103,941 acres, now numbered 719,177 acres, so that they would see that the population had j nearly doubled, and the land alienated from the Crown was nearly trebled, and I cultivation had increased sevenfold. With such a result as that was it likely that their children would curse their memories? The stock in the neighborhood had increased at the same time, eotwithatendiDg tie sevenfold increase in cultivation. The sheep had increased from 1,021,644 to 1^384.034; Horses from 8,208 to 33,(568; and cattle from 10,838 to 31,660. Did that not show that they were on the right track and afford a substantial answer to Mr. Glyde'e prediction. Take another district, that of Yorke'e Peninsula. He would limit his com parison to County Fergusson, which included the southern portion of Yorke's Peninsula, to which it was proposed to give adlitional electoral representation. la this district he did not include Green's Plains, or the somewhat older settled district between Clinton and Moonta. It would be seen that the figures wee quite as striking as those he had already quoted. The population had gone up from 429 to 3,983, and tiie land sold from 14.71 acres to 400,64? acres. The land cultivated is that limited area had gone from 339 acres to 83,814 acres. TJiere was in that district, and no wonder considering its limited area, 162.W0, which had decreased to 80j865, but the horses had increased from U067 to 4,217 and the cattle from from 1£44 to «jSW. The return also gave the same particolarg with respect to Booth-last, Weatm and North, and North-East pastoral districts, but he would not trouble the House with those. Having given those figures, and bavins; proved the great resolta which had accrued from the adoption of the credit system, probably Mr. Glyde would ton round and say tb«t this might btiflwi hue. but that they bad been depopulating the old districts. H that were so, bis (ths> Minister's) ease would not be complete, but he would show that such was not the case. Take the Central District from the northern bank ef Hie River Murray to the Biver Wakefield, including tbe Counties of Adelaide, Gawter, Light, Hind marsh, Stnrt, and Carnarvon; the return showed that the population had increased from 121211 to 136.330; the land sold bad increased from 2,023,439 acres to 8^52,743 acres; the land cul tivated fattd only decreased from 614^96 acret to 634,418 acres. The aheep bad gone up, bow- i ever, from 520,066 to 723,094, the home from i 46,217 to 45,591, and the cattle from 64414 to 84513\. He thought that those figures ought to i satisfy any man in South Australia who had either by word or vote exercised any influence in this question that the value of the system tie hud reformers had struggled for was abundantly testified. The totals for tfae whole colony sbuirou that the population bad increased from 162^60 to 2lo#W; ttw land arid from 8,668,742 acres to 6.630.135 acres; the land cultivated from 810,784 acres to L£l4J>l6 acres; the sheep from 4,477,445 to «,153,5?1; the horses from 74JS8 to UMjMB; and tie cattle from U3£oO to 219,441. Xfcat was the case upon which he depended to meet the objections raised by Mr. Glyde, and it was only fair and right that they should plate their facts ■cainst Mr. Glyde'e pw-dictioM so that flic country might know the probable effect which a crisis would have, and what would then be likely to hAnpen m the future. The present Premier (Mr. Triton) aasirtad to break down the had monopoly which previoojdy Misted, and give credit selection, and IlieOoai misnonerof Crown TmbAm had bees as earnest and consistent advocate feropeniac tfae Crown lands for credit selection as any one in that House. There was no doubt that Mir. Glyde, altitongh be believed eoaeieatioas, altogether mfetook?outh Australia: be did aot tfaiak the hon. gentleman realised what this eunafay was, or what it was capable ef. He believed it would be a catamite for South Australia if tfae Hon. Mr. GiyAe were to obtain therein* of power. Apeemfaad came under bis notice, written br a* author he was very fond of. It was entitled " Kag Ckv," aid without desiring to be at si] offensive be tLonghtHewrea most exact partnitaxe of tiw the Hon. MrT Glyde. It was a* follows:— "He ruled the land with a heavy hand And a placid tynnay. And whenever a boon was asked of him' Pc stared, with a calm amaas. And said," Te foolish people, Te must stand on dw aaeas?C ways— As tfae world has rolled far ages So must it ever relL" Then he folded his arms en hit km And slept, and never fesard The measured beat of tfae trasspiiag feat, Nor the oft-repeated word; jxot Use voices loud nssoiisiaiagt Like waves upon the abaca, That proclaimed to the liulianagaili lias King Clog shall rule no mere.*' (Laughter and cheers.) He thought those liner exactly illustrated tfae character and position of the Hon. Mr. Glyde, anl he believed if Sooth Australia were polM trat day, tfae inhabitants would say that he was not the man to wield Us destinies for the future. While this measure eanaoli detedtfae law, it also simplified it TbsGovem aoent had not been harsh in the past, and while giving expansion to the agricnllaisl intmst, they did not wuh to harass the pastoral lessen, who were doing good in the occupancy of the eosatry in the meantime. Be thought they wou<d be untrue to themselves if tfaey faltered from s> coarse which the figures be faaa qaoted amply proved had been a true and right one, and U was tbeirdnty to jeaJovly guard tfaose liberal aad advanced principiei they had suc cessfully grafted in the land system of this colony. (Cheers.) He mjufctad ia abe straggle andintfaeisene. In such a straggle "Our spears and swords see ptiatod words, Tfae mind our battle plain ; We've won saeh victories before, And so we shall again." (Cheers.) Mr. WXGLKT approved «f an iflcreaaed area being granted to farmers as it would prevent j the eyes of the country being picked oat; but be was opposed to each full powers being given to tfae Oommknoner ef Grown Laade. Mare nower was given to the Oomsmisaiuwer than to the Governor and Judges, aad if they should have a rogue or a fool as a Oomnuarioner a great deal of harm might be done. Besides tbe BUI introduced that nn-EngUch principle of Bating a man give evidence iigsint himself. If there was anything wrong in the ca*e rf a awfeetpr the matter should be brought before an opes Cant, He considered that the percentage on mining properties was rattier excessive, aad as to Park Lands, he intended to introduce a clause allowing other Corporations besides tfae Adelaide Corporation to lease Park IVaads. The OOMME3BIONKB of OBOWH &AXDS.; in replying, expressed his personal obligation to hon. members tor the way in which they had criticised si. J received the measure, aad said if they passed this Bill, be thought this searioa would prove that the statement that the last session was always tire most unproductive was not -correct. As to tine resumption of pastoral bads, he thought aa ex tended notice, each as some boa. members urged for, could be granted. (Hear, bear.) He then proceeded to defend the Minister of Education from tbe insinuations thrown out by the Hon. H. Glyde. He (the Commianoner; bad been described at "a weD-meaninz man, and there H? ended," but tbe Minuter of Agri culture and Education could not be toss described. (Laughter.) They could not say that he was a well-meaning man, aad there's an end of it. (Boars of laughter.) He was either mere or less, and no one could doubt his ability. Mr. Glyde had no right to make such insinua tions as he had. Did Mr. Glyde mean to say that titeGoverament would sit with men wljosn they would not tolerate. His eoUeegae had his entire confidence, and ss to administration, he believed that Mr. Ward would act as fairly as himself, indeed he believed be would not he swayed so much by his feelings. (Cheers.) Mr. Glyde's remark was a very unfair one. addresses] as it was to a member whose political career had been as consistent as had been any man's in that colony. (Cheers.) As to the office be held he was there by his own preference. It was a matter of consideration whether he should take that office or the Crown Lands, and he uwfatud the Education, as he had been there before, and desired to rebut what was insinuated by Mr. Boucaut, tint he could not cany out the duties of the office. (Cfaeen.) As to the Land Bill, it expressed the matured opinions of tiw Ministry, aad tfae leading principUs were fixed by tfae Minister of Agne?lture aad Education aad himself. He entirely repudiated the statement that the Minister of Agriculture | and Education was not to be or was uafit to be Commissioner of Crown Lands. | The- motion was carried and the Bill read a second time. It w« formally taken into Com mittee and its farther consideration was fixed for the following Thursday.! EXTRADITION BHi. Tbe Extradition 891 was iatrodweed by message from the Legislative Council, and was read a first time. Tfae seoond ceadiag was fixed far the following Tuesday. MUKICIPAL COBPO&ATIOKB; BHX. This BUI was read a third time aad pawd. ThaHoaaeadjoaiseda46Js tfflian* day. 