; EYA^GE'LIGMj ALtlANCE:: ' , The ahnttal meetings in connection ?with, the' abbve Alliance - were commenced on ? Monday evening, May < 21, when-- a public meeting was ? heLd in the Pirie-atneet iecture HalL There w$s a nloderate attendance, and the Ber. W. B. Fletcher, M.A., presided. I ?After prayer and jtraise had been engaged in,, The Cbajsmax said "that before he was called upon to vacate the chair and -give place to his -successor it-would perhaps be befitting, that he. should say a few words in reference.:to the I various matters that had been before the I Alliatce during the past year, and the objectsand I prospects of the Evangelical Alliance. Looking 1 "back upon the past year, they would notice from I the Secretary's report, which wonld shortlybesub- I mitted to them, that the Alliance did not appa- I rently show a great amount of successful work I accomplished. Bat they must not forget that ] the object of the Alliance was twofold-the I primary object being to represent visibly I the idea that the Church, though split I up into fragments, was nevertheless more ] united than she ever had been. (Applause.) I The Alliance, then, represented the great fart I that there was a, drawing together of Christian I minds. In our day we were not quite so much ] given to hairsplitting as our forefathers were. I "W e saw that there was a oneness of sentiment j stronger than the divergences of our creeds. He j could not help but think that this drawing j together of the various sections of the Christian I Church was a feature of our day. We^ had just I had a most notable illustration of it in a place I where it was least expected. In Bonn there had I latterly been a Conference of the representative; I of several Churches, the object of which "was to I see if they could not arrive at some common I ground on which a grand united and universal I Church could be erected. It bad been said that I this Conference was a failure, but he earnestly I believed that the good res lilting either directly 1 or indirectly from it would be felt for many a j day to come. (Hear, hear.) He did not expect I that we should all come to think in the same I direction. Truth was very beautiful to us, and I we all saw it from our own standpoints. I (Applause.) I The Rev. M. J. BIEXS, the Secretary, then | read the following report:- _ I "The Committee of the South Australian I Evangelical Alliance, in presenting their annual I report, are pleased to say that they have been I enabled to put forth various efforts for the good I of men and the revival of God's work_ in our 1 midst. The work of the Committee is to a j certain extent circumscribed, as the Alliance I does not take up matters specially belonging to I individual Churches, the object of the Alliance I being tbe promotion of brotherly love among I the members of Evangelical Churches and the I defence of Christian truth against prevailing 1 errors. _ 1 "The last annual meetings of the Alliance I were held on May 29 and June 1,1876. The I attendance at the public meeting was moderate, I but the united Communion service was largely I attended and was felt to be a time of spiritual I profit. A series of noonday prayer-meetings I were commenced on Monday, July 17, and con- I tinned until November 13, when they were dis- I continued for tbe summer, and have not yet I been recommenced. A special subject was I appointed for each meeting for meditation I and prayer, and the city and suburban I ministers officiated in turn. The interest taken j in these meetings, as estimated by the atten- I dance throughout, was not what some of your | Committee expected, and thinking that an I alteration in the day and time of holding the I meetings was desirable, it was resolved to change I the same to Tuesday, at 3 o'clock. This altera- I tion did not improve but rather diminished the I attendance. At a meeting held July 3 it was I resolved to invite the Churches throughout the | colony to oSer special prayer to God for rain, I attention to be drawn to the matter in the I public services held on the following Lord's. I Day. A fortnight's special evangelistic services I were commenced in the City Mission Hall on | Monday, July 31. Handbills announcing the I services and containing an address were distri- 1 touted from house to house in the north-west I quarter of the city. These bills were distributed j by persons from various Churches in the city. I Hymns were printed for the services, as also in- I structions to workers. On some occasions I there was a fair attendance of the persons the ] services were designed to reach; and we are | glad to know that the Almighty blessed the meaus 1 employed to the spiritual good of some. Had I these services been taken tip by the respective I Churches in earnest much good might have been I accomplished; as it was, the results were very | limited. The Sub-Committee appointed to I arrange for these services at the close thereof I made several suggestions to the General Com- I mittee bearing upon further evangelistic work; 1 but your Committee did not think well to adept* I them. The Churches in the colony were invited I to set apart Lord's Day, February 18, 1877, as a j day of thanksgiving to Almighty God for the I blessings of the harvest, associating there- I with prayer for rain. The Churches _ in I general responded, and on Monday evening, I February 19, united thanksgivings sendees were 1 held in the wealeyan Church, Adelaide, and in I the Baptist Church, North Adelaide. The i attendance was not large, but thoroughly repre- | sentative in character. Services are now being I held in the Theatre Boyal under the auspices of 1 the Alliance, conducted by. Mr. W. Come I Johnston, on the Sunday evening, commencing J at 8.15. The attendance is very satisfactory. I Noonday prayer-meetings are being held fcthis I week in the Pirie-street lecture-room, prepara- I tory to a week's united services arranged to be | held next week in the same place, to be con- I ducted by Mr. Johnston. During the year your I Committee have been obliged to make a special I appeal to the city Churches for donations to the 1 funds of the Alliance, to which some readily 1 responded; but the amount thus realized did I not enable the Treasurer to meet all the demands | upon him. The Treasurer's balance-sheet will I show tbe necessity for liberal help on the part 1 of the friends of the Alliance, and it is hoped I that the contributions of to-night and on I Wednesday next will leave a respectable balance 1 for evangelical efforts during IS 77-8." _ | Mr. J. J. STUCKEY, M.A., read the Treasurers I report, which showed the expenditure for the I year, including a balance standing over of £13, 1 to be £30 4s. 7s., and a balance due to the Trea- j surer of £112s. lOd. The Gospel Mission Fund | showed that there was a balance in hand of I £8 13s. 2d. I Mr. BEHET, the City Missionary, moved the | adoption of the reports, and proposed the fol- I lowing as officers for the ensuing year:-Presi- I dent- JRev. S. Knight; Treasurer-Mr. J. J. j Stuckey, M.A.; Secretary-Rev. L. G. Carter; I : Committee-Kevs. VV. K. Fleteher, MA., F. W. I Cox, J. Goodwin, J. Lyall, J. HcEwin, S. Mead, I MA, T. Piper, "VV. P. Wells, M. J. Birks, and I Messrs. G. Hance, F. Hann, T. W. Harris, A, O. I Chambers, J. A. Bagsbatf, T. S. Carey and G. 1 W. Cotton. I Mr. GEOJSGE PHTT.T.TPS seconded the motion, I which was carried unanimously. I The Bev. S. KNIGHT, in assuming the Chair- I mans hip of the Evangelical Alliance for the I ensuing year, expressed his opinion that it I was more through the kindness of the 1 members of the Alliance than his fitness I that he was elected to tbe Presidency. | He wonld not give place to any man in I catholicity of feeling and in sentiments of ap- I preciation towards his brethren and the sister 1 Churches which assembled under the auspices I of the,Alliance. He believed wherever life was j free and abundant it would express itself in I variety. He believed that all Christ's servants | ; were presumptively inspired, and that the Holy I Ghost was perpetually with the Church. He 1 took it that all who assumed to be moved 1 of God in these days had this advantage-they | had a free scope and a fair platform; they were I not persecuted or scorned, but were accorded a I candid hearing. He trusted that all the I Christians in the colony would rally round our I leader under God in the evangelistic services I that were .at present being held-in the city, and I that they would meet with such success as had | rever been witnessed in the town before. (Ap- 1 plause.) He prayed that the Holy Ghost might. I descend in His plenary powers upon all the | Churches in the land. (Applause). | 1 he Bev. JAMES JJa sr.Aur then made a few | remarks on " The answer of evangelical Chris- | tianity to the great question, '"What must I do J to be saved ?'" This question, he took it, was | one that was asked by every man in the world in I some form or another; and the answer was to be- I lieve in Christ and in the Scriptures. (Applause). I The experience of centuries had proved that I this answer was all that man needed. (Applause). I But then came the question-"Who is Christ? I He would answer-the Christ of the Scriptures; I not the Christ that some wonld have them to | believe Him to have been-merely a good man, I though inspired to an extraordinary degree, | much less the infatuated enthusiast that others f would tell them He was. The Christ of .the I Christians was the Son of God, the Bedeemerof j mankind, and faith in Him would make them 1 righteous before God. Then there were those I who <lid not believe in the Bible. Those who I did not believe in Christ did not of course I believe in tbe Bible; and they were consistent I in their action, for the Bible and Christ stood or j fell together. (Applause). But the Bible was not 1 meant to teach them physical science; they J must turn to other sources for that. (Applause.) I The Bible, as Cardinal Baronios had observed, | jrtsnotto -tell them how the'heavens moved, bat 1 ow people«oald get there. -{Applause.) Bat' . despite ail ibe secular criticism of ancient: and modern tiny*) the Bible was still left uninjurpd. (Applause.) ... * Mr. W~, UOBBTE JOHNSTON said thatalthohgh in businessmatters the people of the Australian Colonies, were equal to those of .the old country, yet as regarded-'Ghiirclies and Sunday-schools we were almost twenty years behind them. There never was an age when Christians ought to be more and more banded together in holding-fast the faith once delivered to the saints than the present age. (Applause1!) He urged all present to preach the gospel of work. He-referred to the working of. the Glasgow United Evange listic Committee, which had its awakening under the influence of Mr. Moody. This Committee began with a few members, but rapidly augmented. They used to go to the corners of streets and sing revival hymns-a line of'action which resulted in bringing many hundreds of sinners to the Lord Jesus Christ. By-and-by their numbers increased to such an extent that they had to erect a large tent on Glasgow Green sufficient to accommodate five or sis thousand people. The poor and needy were treated to a free breakfast every Sabbath morn ing, and-at the present time there were 2,100 people fed in the tent every Lord's Day morn ing. In addition to the tent there was the work going on in a large hall, several theatres, on th brickfields, and by means of midnight missions. Mr. Sommerville, an evangelistic worker, was on his way to these colonies, and he prognosticated much good'resulting from the labours he would perform amongst us. He (Mr. Johnston) also referred to other associations similar to the Evangelical Alliance in Dunedin and Geelong. He urged thote present to renew their efforts on behalf Of the Master. Though this was a small community there was power amongst us to wake up the whole colony. (Loud applause.) A collection was then made in aid of the Evangelical Alliance. The benediction having been pronounced, the proceedings terminated. 