Proposed Railway to Fassifern. SIR-Having been for some time a subscriber to your valuable paper, I have always seen both sides of a public question receive fair play. I therefore ask permission to give a few reasons why the proposed railway to Fassifern should go to the Peak Mountain. When the first meeting took place at Harrisville to petition for a railway to Fassifern, it was stated by several of the speakers that a station was wanted at the Peak Mountain, another at Harrisville, and one at Fassifern, and not one voice was raised against the Peak Mountain. When the deputation waited upon the Minister for Works, he (the Minister) mentioned the Peak as the first station, thence to Harrisville, thence up the plains to Fassifern ; but one of the gentlemen present (Mr. Alfred Rose) objected to the plains route on account of there being so much flooded country on the plains, and advocated the route via the Dinner Camp, and not one raised a voice against the Peak on that occasion. There is a great amount of settlement on the east of the Warwick road from the Peak Mountain to the Dugandan Scrub. Then see the amount of money it would cost to make and maintain a good road from the Peak to Churchbank, whilst a good road from Church- bank to the Nine- mile, via Lucas', could be made for a trifling sum and further, the Peak is the only outlet for the Limestone Ridge set fleas, also those of the two Little Scrubs, Blantyre and the. Upper Purga and had your reporter made a visit to these districts he would have been convinced that the Peak is the proper place for a station, and not Churchbank, for one person that Churchbank would benefit, the Peak would benefit five. In your issue of April 7, your reporter Bays there are three roads leading from Ipswich, all converging at Hannaville. I beg to answer him that Harrisville is situate about half-way between the Middle and Normanby roads, and IB three miles from the Warwick- road, so that those living six miles east of the Warwick-road (and there are a large number) would have to travel nine miles over rough country ; whereas they could reach the Peak in from five to seven miles over a fair road. Your reporter also says that the Middle-road is the most direct proof that he has not travelled to the Reserve often. He also says the reason of the present traffic on the Lower-road is that when a swampy part of the Middle-road was too bad for drays in wet Weather, by tacit consent the money voted for the road was spent on the Peak Mountain-road ; hence the traffic found its way there from all parts. He also says that a few persons wished the line to diverge from Dinner Camp to the One-eye Waterhole. There was only one man over said any such thing, and that was your reporter's informant for the One-eye is nearer to Ipswich than the Dinner Camp is, and is nearly as far from the latter place as it is from the Peak, and that is the reason why all the residents around the One-eye, the two scrubs, and the Limestone Ridges, want a station at the Peak, for either Harrisville or the Dinner Camp is too far away ; whereas the Peak would be convenient f", "II lines ,l¡ntr;^o mill "ran three on the Warwick-road. series, man was muse in us -Yours, etc, A LOVER OF FAIR PLAY. Ipswich Reserve, April 23. "EXAMPLE," we used to read in our copy books, " is better than precept." We believe it is, a fortiori, example in high places is over so much stronger than precept in lower ones. This has a fair chance of being tested just now in the Yellow plague question ; while the Press is busy with statistics of the six societies, and the destruction of the washerwomen of the future by the almond-eyed, meek-faced Celestials ; while scarcity of rice, and abundance of quarantine is making Cooktown verify its name most" un- pleasantly, and whilst the Galley of Lorne bids fair for misery and discontent to rival its ghastly namesakes of old-lo 1 we find one spot where the Celestial can fold the hands of contentment on the stomach of repletion, and view the attempts made to repulse his brethren with the calm, critical eye of a philosopher watching a novice trying to square the circle or cross the pons asinorum on stilts. As of old, Mordecai the Jew, sat in the gate of Ahasuerus, so says Ching Foo in the gate of Caesar and he, too, has his llama, or to speak more correctly, his Hamen, anxious to effect his downfall. Mr. Timotheus O'Rafferty, a scion of a noble Tusciui house, brave as the sale of his native cliff, peaceful as the snowy peak of Slieve Bawn, eyes Ching Foo askance as an intruder into what he considers his T. O'R's, orr right in the land of his adop- tion. Are not all his family and their cousins, the O'Rourke's (an ancient Milesian houSe who emigrated to Italy, A.U.C. 427), already provided with Government "billets?" has not O'Sullivan promised Timotheus the very next one that occurs, no matter what its duties or what his qualifications for it, and is he to be thrust out by a hayti and Turk," like his countryman Cornelius in the story. Under these circumstances of righteous grievance, we may 'write- down T. O"R. as Hainan No. 1 to our Chinese Mor decay. But drier and more influential fees remain behind. We believe that one hon. member of the Lower HOUSE, justly famed for his reticence and conciliatory demeanor, was taken very ill on the day of the levee, when suddenly and without due warning confronted with this Celestial janitor. Another truculent personage, holding an office of great importance (to himself) under the Crown, was seized with a violent tremor at the same time, and rushed into the garden, exclaiming that he had seen a ghost and when assured by sympathising friends that the only shot he had seen was the one that walks So punctually at the corner of George-street and Queen-street every mouth to which perhaps he was hardly used yet, he made use of a strong expression, and uttered threats against that peaceful Celestial that we hope he will not be able to fulfil. We fear that Ching Foo, like his proto- type who sat in the gate of the king, will have his troubles. Still he can congratulate himself that he is not at Cooktown, and that his quarantine is over. We advise him to follow the example of other public men, who, having got into office on free-trade principles, immediately become conservative (of their office). Do thou likewise, of China Foo. Take the preferred half-crown of the Kangaroo Point swell, and do nothing for it. Thus thou wilt get many half- at owns, for the feel of that kind makes many ; buy a newspaper then, or if too dear a member of Parliament, for thyself, and legislate against the Yellow plague-no good too many Chinaman become a Christian (with due parade), and thou shalt be the fashion, and perhaps find an Esther among the daughters of the land, But beware meanwhile of those three Hamen, especially the oat-" Specialities," in The Queenslander. 