MISCELLANEOUS. The Alexandra Standard reports tbe death by drowning of two children named Whelpdale, at Robinson Crusoe Gully, Vic toria. A well-defined gold-bearing _ granite dyke, 20 feet tbicb, has been found at Sandy Creek, about forty miles from Beech worth. A valuable discovery has been made by the contractors who are carrying out the drainage work in the West Melbourne Swamp. They have found a well-defined stratum of infusorial earth & few feet below the surface, from one to two feet thick. This will prove of great value to the manu facturers of dynamite. They at present have to send a long way up country for the supplies they are at present using.—Leader. A considerable number of men are em ployed already on the Barunga railway, at the Kadina end of the line. Some are grub bing and some are getting ballast. We (Y. P. Advertiser) understand all ave employed who seek work. The local papersays the Wallaroo " ghost" has turned up again. The other night some inmates of the Hospital saw it, or thought they did, and one old lady fainted, whilst another was on the eve of doing so when assistance arrived. It appears that the " ghost" was really the flashing of a light from one of the out offices attached to the Hospital. The Wallaroo Times says it was rumored in Moonta that a human skull had been dis covered concealed near Halls shaft, Moonta Mines, and suspicious of foul play were rife. Sergeant O'Callaghan proceeded to the spot; and found a skull. It was, however, bleached by the sun, and evidently very old, having lately been unearthed. The Ser geant pronounced it to be the skull of a blackfellow, which opinion was subsequently confirmed by Dr. Todman. At a village called Drinagh, near Dunn away, County Cork, a shocking murder has been perpetrated. Two farmers were dis puting about some land, when one, named Brien, seized an agricultural implement and struck the other, named Hurly, repeatedly on the head, fracturing his skull. The murderer escaped.' ] The other day a telegram was received in Bucharest from the hospital surgeon at Giurgevo, announcing the flight of all the inhabitants, and asking what he was to do. The reply was that he was to remain at his post as long as there was a single patient under his' care. ' A few hours afterwards the surgeon put in an appearance at Bucha rest. What do you mean by leaving your post ?" asked his chief. " Excuse me," was the leply ; " my patients have all run away !' —Examiner. 