Wi: have received the animal Report of the Commissioner for 1 fail ways, a very elaborate and comprehensive work which presents in an interesting awl intelligible form a mass of . information concerning the railways of the colony, which is obtainable from no other source. The principal of the items likely to be of general interest to out- loaders may be summarised as followsAt the close of 1875 the total length of railway open for traffic was 437 miles; in 1870 extensions on the Southern line of 43 miles, and on the Western line of 2<J miles, brought the total up to 509 miles; and supposing the contracts now current to be completed by the dates fixed, a further length of 170.', miles should be opened before the 1st January, 1878. During last year no contracts lor further extensions were entered into, but tlin railway surveyors were actively en ;ed iu examining routes and preparing surveys of new lines to be submitted to Parliament, The result of their labors is given as follows :—Of the length from Wagga Wagga to Albury working plans and sections are completed ; plans and sections of the extension . from Hanging Rock to Denilirpan t in Urana and Jerildciie have also been prepared; and a trial survey of the line from Junee to Xarandera. is ready. On the Western line plan6 and sections have been finished for the extension from Orange to Wellington, from Tainworth to Tenterfield, and from Iluka to Woodburn ; trial surveys liave also been made from Oiange to Wilcanuia, from Wallerawang to l Rylestone, from Werris Creek to Gunncdah, and from Tamworth to Armidale. Under the heading of " Rolling Slock," the repoit complains of a deficiency in engine power, carriages, and machinery, but this delicicncy is said to be common to all the Australian colonies, and the remedy proposed is that the Government should build the whole of the rolling stock in its own workshops. In the meantime, however, 36 engines are said to be now on their way out from England, 3 passenger carriages have been ordered from America, and tenders are to bo invited for a supply of first and second class carnages of the English type. The reason advanced in the report for the adoption of this pattern is tliat " it is considered best adapted for through traffic." To this conclusion ot the Commissioner we must beg to take exception, Whatever the suitability of the ordinary firstclass carriage to the English climate, it is altogether unfitted for summer traffic in these colonies, and if it be not akin to sacrilege to propose a departure from Old World precedents, we would humbly suggdst that it might ten<l to the comfort of passengers if com- etitive designs were invited for a carriage etter adapted to the requirements of an Australian summer. Under the heading of " Revenue," we iiud that the gross earnings during 1870 were £093,225, against £014,0*8 in 1875\. The working expenses were £339,400, against £290,174 in 1875. With the exception of a slight decrease in the number of horses and pigs carried, there was an improvement in every description of traffic during last year; the increase iu the gross earnings being £78,578. Against this the increase in the working expenses was only £43,232, leaving an advance in the net income of £35,340. From a table showing the percentage in number and the amount received from first and second class passengers it appears that on our railways as on those of other countries the lower class passengers aro the most numerous and remunerative; and the Commissioner therefore very properly recom- mends that arrangements should be made for increasing their accommodation and comfort, as is being done on some of the leading railways in the mother country. In treating of the wool traffic on our lines as compared with that on the Victorian railways, a state of things is disclosed which at a Erst glance appeal's extraordinary. During the year 1875 to use round numbers, the sheep in this colony amounted to 24 millions, while Victoria could only muntor 11 millions ; and yet the quantity of wool carried by the railway* of the two colonies during the same period was as follows .-—Victoria, 279,000 bales; New South Wales, 118,000 bales. This remarkable discrepancy is, however, accounted for by the fact that enormous quantities of wool from Riverina, the richest pastoral district of tlio colony, go by the Victorian railways to Melbourne—surely a powerful argument for the immediate extension of the southern lino of this colony to the Murray. In referring to the tariff the Commissioner admits that our rates are still higher than those charged in Victoria, but he points out that certain reductions have recently been made, and that Victoria has abolished, while wc have retained the system of return tickets at a fare-and-a-half for the double journey, which for long distances will compare favorably with the single-journey fares of the neighboring colony. From a table of comparative results oil different railways we gather that in the net earnings per mile of railway open the United Kingdom stands first, Victoria secondhand New South Wales third. In net earnings'jer train mile Victoria is first, New South Wales second, and the United Kingdom third ; but in two of the most important items, namely,— the percentage of expenditure to gross earnings, and the iutcrest which the net earnings bear to capital expended, New South Wales occupies the premier position; being lowest in the former and highest iu the latter. Upon the whole the present condition of the railways of the colony is considered by the Commissioner to be highly satisfactory, and it is only fair to admit that this conclusion is fully borne out by the facts and figures presented in several copious appeudices to the Repoit. MB. GARRICTT, last week, in the course of an election address, an abstract of which appears in another column, dealt at some length with the question of Land Act ameudment, Under ordinary circumstances, we should not be dis posed to attach much weight to the utterances of Mr. GARRETT upon such a subject and at such a time; but in the present iustance his remarks may be regarded as of some significance, comprising, as they presumably do, a statement of the proposals of the present Government for the solution of one of the most important political problems of the day. Of these proposals it may be said that some are well-considered and fairly calculated to remedy one or two rather glaring defects in the existing law, whilst others again, if carried into effect, would do more harm than good. The necessity for the abolition of the 31st clause is now so thoroughly recognised throughout the entire colony, that no attempt at land reform could possibly be successful which did not provide for the excision of this objectionable feature. Mr. GARRETT, however, is slightly inconsistent in the reason he advances tor its abolition. It will be remembered that when contending against Mr. WINDBYER'S interpretation of the 31st clause, he stoutly maintained that the permission to purchase was only intended for the benefit of lessees holding laud of a particular geometrical figure; that is to say, for the benefit of holders of land in the newly-settled country where alone runs have been surveyed in strictly rectangular form. Now, however, he says—"If those persons for whose benefit it was intended grumble, they have only themselves to blame for endeavoring to use the clause for purposes never contemplated by the Legislature thus clearly admitting that the 31st clause was devised for the benefit of others besides the owners of back blocks, for the latter evidently could not be to blame for availing themselves of a privilege conceded for their exclusive advantage. But a trifling iliconsietoucy of this kind is scarcely a matter for surprise in the case of a gentleman of such very uncortaia political principles as Mr. GAUHKTT. The next amendment is the reduction by onchalf of the amount required to be expended in improvements. This, so far as the selector is concerned, is a judicious and well-advised proposal, but the idea of making a like concession in the case of the Crowu lessee's improvement purchases is simply preposterous. The tendency of public opinion on the land question is unmistakably towards a reduction, not towards an increase, of thefacilities afforded for the wholesale monopoly of laud by capitalists. For Mr. GARRETT to say that he will bo no party to " class legislation " is merely claptrap. What, wc would ask liiin, is the meaning of the term I May not the very system of free selection itself be said to be founded upon class legislation I A class legislation which opened the loeked- up lands to the people, and gave us one hundred taxpayers where before there were but ten; as opposed to a class legislation which would have given over the area now occupied by the hundred, to be held by the ten in perpetuity. The principle first recognised in the so-called class legislation of 18G2—the principle that is better to have ten landholders than one—is even more fully understood and appreciated iu 1877, and it is therefore not only absurd, but it is useless to contend that concessions desirable and necessary in the interests of settlement must be equally desirable and necessary in the interests of monopoly. As well might it be contended that because the selector purchases his land by a present payment of 5s. per acre, with long credit for the balancc, that the lessee also should be allowed to buy up the whole of his run on the same terms. The proposal to increase the area of selection, and to do away with the pre-lcase, is a good one. The present system must of necessity operate in a very unequal manner in different localities ; in most of the settled districts the grass-right is only a " memory of the past;" and at best the uncertainty of tenure renders l«nd held in this way a very unsatisfactory possession. In his remarks about fencing Mi-. GARRRTT is altogether astray, as there can be no doubt that the enactment of a compulsory fencing clause is one of the most pressing of the amendments required; if only from the fact that it would go a long way towards abolishing one of the most fertile causes of litigation between selector and squatter. We would observe, however, that there is after all very little cause either for hope or fear in the viows of Mr. GARRETT and his colleagues upon this weighty question. There is not much probability even of an attempt to deal with the subject during the term of office of the present Ministry, and there is still less chance of any Bill acceptable to the country at large being introduced into Parliament until the constitution of tho House lias beon altered as it undoubtedly will be at the next general electiou. FROM returns furnished us by tho Inspector of Slaughter-houses for the Borough of Albury it appears that there are on au average slaughtered every week within the municipality over 30 head of cattle, about 88 sheep, and a proportionate number of lainbs, calves, and pigs. With so large a consumption as is here indicated the question naturally arises as to how it is that we have no regular local sales of live stock. Taking tho returns above quoted and estimating the stock at anything like a feir average we have a fortnightly consumption in the town proper to the value of between five and six huudred pounds—surely an amount of business sufficient of itself to warrant the establishment of regular fortnightly sales. But in addition to the town consumption wo have also a number of smallor centres of population in tho vicinity whoso aggregate requirements would probably equal those of Albury. Those places, or most of^ them, in the event of a regular cattle, market being established would no doubt readily tako advantage of the opportunity afforded of obtaining a regular and certain supply; and the total sales would thus bo considerably, in excess of, if they did not double, tho estimate already sot down. Wo may further point out / that tho present time appears to be an exceptionally favorable one for mailing an experiment of tho kind suggested. In view of the vexatious tax upon stock imposed by the Victorian Government, it is evidently to tho advantage of New South Wales owners to Beek a market on this side of the river, and local butchers also would assuredly find their account in encouraging a venture which if successful would save them the trouble and expuuse of driving all their cattle every fortnight from JJeochworth, whence at present they are supplied. We are aware that attempts have been made on one or two occasions to carry out tho idea here put forward, and that they have not been successful; principally, it is alleged, on account of a combination amongst tho butchers to prevent fair prices being realised. But it does not follow that future efforts in the same direction may not have a better issue. The butchers if alive to their owu interests ought now to sec that it is to their advantage to assist iu opening up a new source of local trade, the development of which will enable them to effect a legitimate saving in their purchases, besides causing an addition to the general business of the town in tho benefit of which traders of all kinds will indirectly participate. THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS.—On Satunlay last we had another heavy fall of rain followed by lighter showers on Sunday and Monday. The change was very welcome and the rainfallhas had the effect of fairly crowning the pastures in almost all parts of the district, besides proving most acceptable to the agriculturists. Back from the water frontages, however, there is a want of much more rain, not for present necessities but in order to meet the requirements of next summer, tanks still remaining unfilled. The latest accounts from the various farming districts are all of a highly satisfactory character. The early sown crops arc in a forward condition and thoseput in late look now more promising than they have done hitherto. For present purposes there has been a sufficient amount of ram, and with a few showers at intervals, a first-rate harvest will in all probability be secured. Stock movements continue dull owing to the scarcity of water supply in much of the country where otherwise there would he a demand for stores; and fat stock of all descriptions are scarce. _ REMOVAL OF THE QUARANTINES.—The quarantines on the Murray have lieen done away with ; the Executive Council having approved of regulations for the introduction of sheep from Victoria into New South Wales, by which the quarantine system will be no longer necessary. The regulations in question are as follows :—I. All sheep intended to be introduced from Victoria into this colony otherwise than by sea, shall be so introduced at one or other of the crossing places proclaimed at Alburv or Moama, on the River Murray. 2. All such sheep shall, before crossing the border, I>e legibly branded with the letter V in addition to their owner's brand, and shall be kept so branded for six months after their introduction. 3. The owner of such sheep shall give the inspector for the crossing place at which it is intended to introduce the same not less than 48 nor more than 96 hours notice in writing, stating the day and hour when it is intended to cross such sheep. 4. The owuer shall produce to the inspector for the crossing place at which it is intended to introduce such sheep a certificate from the inspector for the district in which they were depasturing at the time they commenced to travel to the said crossing place, that such sheep are not infected with any infectious or contagious disease, nor have within the next preceding six months been in direct or indirect contact with sheep so infected. 5. The certificate mentioned in the uext preceding regulation shall he endorsed by the inspector for that portion of the colony of victoria which is contiguous to such crossing place. 6. On examining such sheep, and being satisfied that they are not infected, the first-mentioned inspector shall grant a permit authorising their admission into this colony, subject to the provisions of the said act. STUD SHEEP-—During the past week a number of very valuable stud sheep have been imported by various owners froiu Victoria and placed in the Albury quarantine; the owners of course being at the time unaware that the restrictions on the admission of Victorian 6heep were so soon to be removed. Among the lot Messes. J. and II. 'Osbome of Momalong had some splendid pure merino rams. Two of these were bred bj' Mr. John Wilson of Gala, in tho Western District, and cost the present owners 145 guineas and 100 guineas respectively. Five others almost equally good were from the stud flock of Mr. Thomas Cummins, Stoney Point; five more were bred by Mr. John Wilson of Trawalla ; and one by Mr. William Cummins of Mount Fyans. This lust ram has taken several prizes at different shows in Victoria. Messrs. Gray and Neill of Sandy Ridges have four pure merino rams, some bred by Mr. WiUou of Gala, and all purchased at a high figure. They have also eleven Lincoln rains, and five Lincoln ewes, and a pure merino bred by Mr. Doivling the well known breeder ot the "estern District. Mr. Sloane of Mulw»la has Mi nineteen merino rains and four long-woollcd ewes. The Hon. William Wilson has four merino rams bred by Mr. Wilson of Gala, and Mr. Young of Wagga Wagga has also four pure bred merinos. We may mention that iu Messrs. Osborne's lot, the live bred by Mr. T. Cummins, were all tho stock of tho celebrated Tasmanian rain, Sir Thomas, bred by Mr. Juntos Gibson, and whioh was sold for GBO guineas. BETHANGA.—Our correspondent writes:—By the time this letter appears in print Messrs. Rhodes' Mill will have finished crushing a parcel of about 14(1 Ions from ilu: Excelsior prospecting claim. The results are expected to lie sntislactorv. Upon this lot being completed the same mill will set to work on a parcel from the Gilt Prospecting Claim. The trihutors working the tunnel in this claim got a nice little cake of gold from their last crushing—over 50oz. The crushing was a small lot put through bv Messrs. Sabelberg and Co. The Burdan basin was used on this occasion for the blankettings and saved something like Gioz. of gold. Some rather tempting offers were made this week for the purchase of the Gilt Company's claim, iu one instance the holder of a share-and-ahalf refusing it is said .£1500 for his interest. Several small transactions are reported iu the share market but nothing worth mentioning. An ominous silence appears to be the order of the day regarding the results of the copper ore experiments. Davis and Party are hmled over the coals in last weeks' Owns mul Murray Advertiser tor failing to give information regarding the returns of copper, but do they know themselves what it has turned out." More ore is being raised but not burned, and being sent to Newcastle for trial there. Wo had two days nice rain here and it is now tine bracing weather. Sal>elberg's Mill is crushing for Mitchell aud Co. UPPER MURRAY.—Our correspondent on the Upper Murray writes as follows :—We have had some very nice showers of late, but owing to the lowness of the temperature the fall came down among the hills in the shape of snow, so that no appreciable difference will be made in the river and creeks. The grass is looking well, and the season generally is a month earlier than usual ; and everything appears so far to presage a splendid summer for the Upper Murray. I regret to say that the unfortunate man Hill, whose mysterious disappearance I referred to recently has not since been heard of, so that it is to be feared he has perished among the mountains towards which he was making when the last traces were met with. Since the imposition of that abominable tax—the outcome of Mr. Berry's protectionist zeal—no stock h:\6 crossed the Murray ; and I do not think there will be much for some months to come, as in addition to the obstacle referred to, there is also another difficulty—a great scarcity of fat cattle. Considerable improvements are being effected at 60iue of the stations here. At Toonia, Messrs. Macartney and Kinleside are building a large house, and another is in course of erection at Meragle for Mr. Kinleside, of the same firm. Other improvements are being made of various kinds all over these runs. I have again to call attention te the delay which has taken place iu the matter of the sale of land at the Welaregang township. It is is now nearly twelve months ago that the memorial was sent down to the Minister for Lands, praying that the Wclaregang Town reserve might be put up for sale ; and a promise was then made that the laud should be sold us soon as surveyed. A surveyor in fact was on the land for that purpose six months ago, but we have heard no more of the matter. The establishment of this township is now urgently required, and as I before stated, it LS certain to be the largest and most important on the Upper Murray. DISEAKE IX HORSES.—The disease iu horses, referred to recently by a correspondent at Dixon's Swamp, is still prevalent, as we learn on the same authority. Our correspondent says :—" The symptoms of this disease are altogether different Iroiu anything that I have noticed before during a long experience among stock. The animal affected first appears to be taken with violent pains across the loins, which drive it nearly frantic. After a time the hind-quarters get paralysed, and then the beast lies down to die, death frequently ensuing within 24 hours of the first symptoms being noticed. The cause of the attack I have not l>een able to discover, but I may mention that I have found the following drench effectual when applied early in several instances :—£oz. saltpetre, A bottle of painkiller, given in a pint of warm water. I may add that I have lost several head of cattle from a somewhat similar attack, but I have not tried the above treatment in their case. I opened one of the beasts a few days ago, and found the liver floating in what appeared to be a moss of yellow blubber, and the melt completely decayed. Can you or any of your readers inform me whether these appearances correspond with those displayed by cattle affected with Cumberland disease ?" LOCAL INDUSTRIES : MR. F. A. SEINE'S FCR- XITURE WAREHOUSE.—Not the least important among the various trading and manufacturing establishments in this town, is the large furniture warehouse of Mr. F. A. Selle in Dean-street, which just now is especially worthy of a visit from all who contemplate an investment in the wares of the cabinet-maker and upholsterer, as a new and well-assorted stock of all articles iu the trade has recently been opened out and displayed with considerable taste to the best advantage. The floor of the large showroom is indeed covered with furniture of the best material and workmanship to such au extent that it would be impossible within anything like reasonable limits to enumerate even a twentieth part of the articles. On one side are ranged handsome chests of drawers, cedar, rosewood, aud mahogany tables, washstands, couches, sofaR, mirrors, &c.; &c.;, sufficient as a stranger might imagine for all the requirements of the town for the next twenty years; on the other hand appears nil equally profuse display of cheffoniers, wardrobes with 'plate glass doors, drawing suites in silk, cretonne, and rep ; girandoles; console tables ; whilst above suspended on the beams and against the walls are chairs enough apparently to seat the whole of the electors of the Huuie. A considerable portion of these goods are manufactured on the premises. Thus the wardrobes and chests of drawers are all locally mode, and the sofas, couches, chairs &c.;, are imported in a kind of skeleton condition, and finished off, polished, and upholstered on the premises ; skilled workmen being constantly employed in all the Various brauches of the trade. Only part of the showroom is, however, devoted to cabinet ware and upholstery goods, the remainder licing .set apart for the display of an equally large and varied assortment of iron bedsteads, china, crockery, glassware, carpels, paper-hangings; the whole forming a stock which for value aud variety could hardly be equalled outside of Sydney or Melbourne. Mr. Selle does also a large business as a wheelwright and conch-builder, ample accommodation being provided at the rear of the show rooms for all the different tradesmen employed. There is a wheelwright's shop well stored with colonial and American timber; a blacksmith's forge, always kept, going ; a cabinet-maker's shop ; two or three coach rooms for showing the finished vehicles; a trimmer's shop ; and last, but not least, a " hearse house," lor the proprietor adds to his other avocations the calling of an undertaker. With all these different branches of business centred under one roof, it is no wonder that Mr. Selle considers his premises, roomy as they are, insufficient for the proper display of his goods, and he finds it, ns a matter of fact, necessary to stow away ninny hundreds of pounds worth of valuable articles down iu the. cellar. In order to increase his storage room, and more particularly with a view to the display of his buggies and carriages to advantage, he purposes adding a storey to the building ; this will considerably increase the floor space, especially as the upper storey will be carried the whole length of the frontage by means of au archway thrown across the lane dividing the shop from Mr. Higgin's drapery store. When these alterations are effected the furniture will be removed from a portion of the basement floor, which will then be used as a show-room for buggies. When this is done the place will l»e even more attractive than at present ; but even now it is well worth a visit. And we may add that the fact of one trader's business having within a few years assumed such large dimensions as to warrant the keeping of so verv heavy a stock as Mr. Selle keeps, is very satisfactory evidence of a rapid increase iu the Wealth and prosperity of the town and district of Alburv. THIS THREE TAH-OHS OF TOOI.EY-STREET.— A rather amusing incident occurred at the meeting of subscribers to the Albury Hospital on Monday week. In the course of a rather wann discussion that ensued upon a motion before the meeting, one of the speakers remarked that the utterances of another gentleman of an opposite way of thinking, always reminded him of another celebrated deliverance commencing "We, the people of England/'and popularly attributed t<i the " three tailors of Tooley-street.'' This observation caught the ear of one of the audience who thought it was intended as a bit o! chaff at the expense of representatives of the respectable craft of the tailor. lie accordingly pointed the allusion by calling out the name of n subscriber in the room who follows the calling in question. The tailor, however, was equal to the occasion and vurv quickly turned the laugh against ihe joker by his rejoinder. "Well if I am a tailor isn't it an honorable occupation ! I pay my guinea to the hospital and I hold my tongue." The tailor decidedly scored a point iu this liltle encounter. RISE IN THE PRICE OF BOTCHER'S MEAT.— Householders will not be pleased to notice that the local butchers have combined to raise the >ricc of liecf to what appears to be an excessively 1ligh rate. The reason put forward for the iiurease upon the old scale of charges, is the scarcity and dearness of cattle and sheep. That fat stock of all descriptions is both scarce and dear is unfortunately an undoubted fact, hut whether the increase in the first cost is sufficient to justify the recent advance in retail prices, is a matter upon which there is considerable difference of opinion. And in the case of mutton more particularly it is doubtful whether the large increase is warranted by the state of the market. By inquiry from various trustworthy sources we learn that sheep of the class usually killed bv local butchers can be purchased at from 12s. to 15s. per head, a rate which is regarded bv Alburv butchers as sufficient to cause them to'ruise the price of mutton to 5d. per lb. for hind, and 4d. for forequarters. Now turning to the commercial report published iu the last issue of the Goulbura Herald, we find that fat wethers are quoted at 12s. to 15s.—oxactlv similar to the Alburv wholesale quotations. And yet the butchers at Goulburn advertise having "raised" their retail prices for mutton to 3&d.; per lb. for hindquarters, and 3d. per lb. for forequarters. There may of course be some special reason, a mystery to the uninitiated, for the discrepancy here pointed out; and we shall be glad to receive an explanation of the matter. But iu the meantime it certainly appears remarkably strange that with the wholesale cost precisely the same iu both towns, the Albury butchers find it necessary to charge 33 per cent, in one case and 41 per cent, in another over ami above the tariff adopted bv the butchers of Goulburn. AIJIURV HOSPITAL.—A meeting of the Committee of the Albury Hospital was held on Monday afternoon, the members present bein<' Messrs. M'Kee, M'Leiiiinn, Fallon, Xagle, Coll" O'Keeffe, and Mudge. The Treasurer stated that iu accordance with previous arrangement the Australian Joint Slock Bank was prepared to ad van :c £30(1 upon security of a promissory note signed by the members of Committee. The note was accordingly signed by all present. The followiug accounts were then passed for pavineut and the meeting closed :—Allied; and Gra'v, £<i 1(>S. j splints, £\ 10s,; w:e;os, £43 10s.; salaries £•25 10s. ; milk, £:1 15 s. 2d.; Scanlon, £17 7s. J Felton, Grimwade and Co.. £17 15s. hid.; K. M'Lenuan, £3 3s. ; medical fees, £50. CHURCH OK ENOI.AND : CONCERT AND READ- INGS.—The fourth of the series of concerts and readings was held on Saturday evening last, in the Church schoolroom, when, notwithstanding the state of the weather and the rival attraction* best w« have heard from her. It is no easy task for a pianist to command the attention of a mixed audience, and the fact that her performance chained the attention and elicited the hearty applause of all present is a proof of more than ordinary musical talent. A quartette by the Misses Crisp und Messrs. Ridgway and Down, entitled "Harvest Home," was very well rendered. Miss Cowley sang very sweetly Tennvson's Maude, and was warmly applauded ; then followed " The Englishman" by Mr. Down, and a song, "Sing, sweet bird," by Miss Crisp—au exceedingly difficult song, verv well sung. Mr. « nlker Jones then gave a reading from Dickens, which, though a little too long, was listened to with marked attention and received deserved applause. The next song was lroin a gentleman whom we are glad to welcome as an accession to the list of amateur singers iu this town. Mr. Hunt sang " Shall I, wasting iu despair," with a little of the nervousness that invariably accompanies a first appearance, but in a manner that elicited hearty applause. Mr. Lethbridge aud Miss Bourke also appeared tor the first time ; the former sang " The bashful Man," and the latter a sweet old song entitled " Yesterday ;" both were well received, but the latter was the most deserving of applause. The diiet " Lucrezia," by the Misses Crisp, was most accurately and successfully rendered. Mr. Ridgway sang "The Free Lance" and " The Gallant* of England ;" the latter of these brought down the house, and was loudlv Applauded and encored ; the song gave full scope for Mr. Ridgwav'x rich voice, and was admirably sung. Miss Sheppard sang " Kate O'Shane," and was loudly and deservedly applauded and encored ; we have never heard Miss Sheppard sing better than iu this song. Another selection from Lu- crczia was sung by Miss F. Crisp, who in this and throughout the evening fully sustained her reputation as a singer, and her clear powerful voice never appeared to greater advantage than in her performances during this entertainment. Mr. Emerson read with an irresistablv comic brogue the ghost scene from " Charles O'Mallev;" this was one of the best readings during the season. The duet " Home to our Mountains," by Miss E. Crisp and Mr. Down. "Katie's Letter" by Miss E. Crisp (the latter very sweetlv suifg). a duet, " Brightly Smile," by the Misses Sheppard, and a song by Miss Sheppard, entitled " Constance," completed the programme, and the entertainment was brought to a close at about a quarter past 10 o'clock. At the close of the meeting the Chairman (the vicar) announced that the evening's entertainment brought the series of concerts to a close for the season. A MAX CHARGED WITH BEATIXG HIS MOTHER. —At the local Police Court a few days since a man named Patrick Sullivan was charged with assaulting his mother. Senior-Sergeant Lcnthall deposed : On Monday last I went to the residence of a Chinese named Wan Goon ; I saw prisoner's mother lying there covered with blood and sulfeiing from various wounds and bruises ; I went to a hnt opposite and found the prisoner ; I told him I arrested him for an aggravated assault upon his mother ; he said " I never touched her, I gave the b this morning and I have not had a b bit to eat all day ;" after arresting prisoner I sent him to the lock-up; prisoner had been drinking; I took prisoner's mother into custody for protection as 1 considered her life in danger unless she got medical assistance, and also because she refused to state how she got injured ; she was afterwards attended bv Dr. Baniett, Joshua Mann deposed : I know the prisoner aud his mother ; last night about sundown I heard a great noise iu Sullivan's ho ise ; I saw Sullivan strike his mother and knock her down ; I tried to save her and got a black eye from prisoner; I got hold of Sullivan and held him until his mother and wife got out ot the house; prisoner then promised to be quiet and I iet him go ; I saw no marks of blood upon Mrs. Kelly (prisoner's mother) then. William Bailey deposed : I am ten years of age and live with my parents ; I saw Mrs. Kelly come over to the Chinaman's about 10 o'clock last night; all her face was covered with blood ; I went with the Chinaman for the police; about half an hour More Mrs. Kelly came to the Chinaman's I heard her screaming ; I 6iiw the prisoner hit her on the head with a brass candlestick ; I did not see anyone else in the house but the prisoner and his mother. Dr. Barnett deposed: In the absence of the Government Medical Officer I was called by the police to see a female in the lock-up ; I found a lacerated wound over the left eve-brow and a large contused wound on the temples ; the upper lit* was abraded and contused also ; the lacerated wound was J of an inch long ; there was considerable hicmorrhage from it; I don't anticipate any serious consequences lrom the injuries she has received; the contused wound must have been from a veiy heavy blow— sufficient to constitute "grievous bodily injury." Margaret Kelly, the mother of the prisoner, and the victim of his brutality, was next put in the box and presented a terribly bruised and battered appearance. She steadily refused, however, to give any evidence against her son and persisted ill stating that she did not know how she came by the injuries she had received. The prisoner was committed for trial on a charge of unlawfully wounding. A Novm/rv IN PENCILS.—A serious objection to the use ot the ordiuary lead pencil in making memoranda of any importance, lies in the fact that the writing is very casilv obliterated. With a very small amount of friction the words become illegible. An improvement has now however, iweu introduced in the shape of a pencil the marks made by which are really indelible. The new pencil m appearance exactly resembles the ordinary article, but instead of being filled with the Rnimnnn oiunliifn « «... -..1..1II : J uo rauueu aui, sua ivflipB^wy^iMWPwl combines the property of oojiying ink, so that a press copy can ertaily bo tnkeii of the, .writing. These pencils ftre obtafiiable af the office of this journal. ; Hum 1 Ami? 1,10 "iid<llc P 01 ' 1 ]iolict"'y! and bounded as follows : (j 0, nlnorlli boundary of that district it comer of the Walbuiulrie run ; mil), easterly, by that boundary 'est boundary of the Jena Jerrntm the cast, southerly, by the tries <> r that run and ol the Cabobala, Mountain Creek, and lto the Murray River, at the junctiieyfiuckle Creek with that river ie south, westerly, by that liver the south-east corner of the Howlce on the west, northerly, by the ei of that run to the south-east corucurruuibuttock Run; thence by tlnorth-eastern boundaries of that i boundary of the Goombar- "amay the south and cast bouudariei the south-east houiuhiry of the V; and thence by the east and north of that run, to the pint ol comn'ME.—Einbiacing that portion colico District lying easterly of thi District. A.I STEALING.—A man named Geoi-pharged at the local police court with stealing a cheque for £9 L(of William Niebuhr. The prisofested on the strength of a telegrt' the police, and he was retuuihiys to allow time for the prose at Kvaniba to attend On being informed of the cliaige, prisoniit's my mate ; he gave me the clshed " On being searched there risoner a cheque for £218s. drawi Simmons in favor of — Hudsf cheque lor £7 drawn by Jaine; of Tlios. Young. Prisoner said tre his, and that he got them for fei WOGRIM.—With reference lo a peti warded bv certain residents of theth rough the member for the distritfc erectiou of a bridge over the G anil for certain repairs to roads nity, Mr. Dav has leceived the f lioin the Department of Public, I am directed to inform vou the river at the spot indicated will biine the cost, and the necessary a'-onsideied when next Esti- inatesred. The work referred to as nectt. Gray's nt Welaregang, is proviilditional Estimates lor the preset add that the roads Welaregaii" Umie to Jingellic, are on the scliecli the road Albury to Welaregang attention of the local ofliccr lias b«e works required thereon. Shouhsion he found necessary it will buates lor 1678. I have the honor &c.;, JOHN RAK." BAIT BROCKLESIIV.—Mr. Geo. Day hallowing from the Department <r,—I "nt directed t<i inform you tli presented bv you from ceitaiii parishes of Richmond and Brockt of certain lands situated withiiW, as the site for a Baptist Cburc residence, has received the approthc Minister for Lands, and that amality required by the 5th sectioi Lands Alienation Act of 1861 jted a grant will issue in due coursonor, &E.;, W. W. STEPHEN." LAJEET.—AR au example of the value an-street, we may mention that tld between the building at resell the Australian Joint Stock Eauk's draperv store, has been sold Ijlie sum of JCIOOO^ Pcft.RH.—The undermentioned gentlei appointed to form the public the Public School at Bungowaissi*. James Crawford, James Brad6 j se, William Shipard, and Willis STU understand that Edith and Appltv bred mares belonging to Mr. ISimson, liave been sent to Mr. I horse, John Bull, at the Mittawler in return has sent two Snowdaddiu, the chesnut Arab that tie recent Albury show. Got meeting o( the Corowa and Wahgiral Society was held at the Euipianesday lost, for the purpose ol maits for holding the annual Showi occupied the chair. The finaiicie society was reported to lie ma credit balance of £84 from last yn. It was decided to hold the tie 18th October, when prizes to that £200 will be offered for compdlowing office-bearers were electt Mr. G. S. Smitli; vicepresifurncr and Kendall ; trea- Burenecretary, Mr. D. Brown. DPER OP DR. M'ALROY.—An Irish—On June 12th a solemn ottice were celebrated in the Convent auioiv, lor the repose of the fldul y Aloysius M'Alroy. Her detttlhe Sunday previous, in the 42nd and the 25th of her religious •prtft^awd nwn was sister of Very foe v.* 0., of Albuvy, whose name jrtd" known to the Church in Aust coiicoursn of priests aqsistad ^jit^stify to their appreciation of i.,i r ;«to show their veneration and • SfetP« d brother in Australia, THE OVENS AND MURRAY PASTORAL AND -The (our- ALUUKV TURF CLUH.-A meeting o He members of the Albury Turf Club w« JeM Jt ' Rose Hotel on Thursday, Mr S. M«DGE in Ui - chair. The only subject touched upon ua tl of the sale of the Club's debentures. It stated that these had not gone ol so ivip><> as had been anticipate.!, and it was deeded ti nt the Secretarv. Mr. Co,,lev, should endeavor to dispose of some o» them i» the town. As the attendance of members was small, it was resolved that tin business o« preparing a programme lor the annual races should be delerred until the next meeting, to be held on Monday next THI: SADDLERY AWARDS AT THE LATE SHOW. —A fill-lit error having appeared in the list ol prizes for saddlery, &c.;, at. the late show, we append the corrected list :-Best collection oi harness Mr. J. P. Harrington ; best collect urn ol saddles, Mr. R, C. Thomson : best buggy harness, Mr. W. Davidson ; hon. ment ion for lorry harness, W. Davidson. ALLKUEI) BASK DEFALCATIONS.—'We regret to learn thatdeficiences are said to have been found in the accounts of a bank manager whose accidental death by falling down u mining shaft we recorded in a recent issue. THE VICTORIAS LAND TAX.—The new Victorian proposal for taxing the land was brought before Parliament on the second reading of the Bill, last Tuesday. The second reading was carried by a large majority. JERILDERIE COMMON.—AU householders and freeholders resident within the undermentioned boundaries will be entitled to use the recently proclaimed temporary common at Jerilderie :— County of Urana, parish of Jerilderie South, and including the village and suburban lands of Jerilderie : Commencing on the left bank of the Billahong Creek, at the north-east corner of portion 25— 66, Peterson and S.irgood's improvement purchase of 230 acres, being the point where the western side of West-street strikes that creek; and bounded thence on part of tlie north-west by the western side of that street bearing southerly about 26 chainR and 50 links lo Jerilderie-street; thence again on the north-west bv the northern side of that street, forming the northern side of the Deniliqiiin Road, bearing south 71 degrees west 21 chains ; thence on the remainder of the north-west by a line bearing south 7 degrees west 54 chains; thence on the south-west by a line bearing south 83 degrees east about 132 chains ; thence on the south-east, by a line bearing north 7 degrees east to the Billabong Creek, the boundaries aforesaid, being to this point identical with the boundary of suburban lands at Jerilderie, notified 10th March, 1865 ; and thence by that creek downwards, to the point ot commencement GEROHKRV.—A correspondent at this place, under date 4th September, writes as follows:— " We had some nice showers here on Saturday night and Sunday, though I am sorry to say they were not sufficient to be ot much bene tit to the country ; what we require is a week's good heavy rain, so as to till the dam* and give the grass a good start Iteforc the hot weather sets in. Con-' si'lering ihe season, the crop-! are looking well, and if we are only ble^ed with occasional showers I think the harvest will be a fair one. The kangaroo is becoming a great nuisance to the inhabitants of Gerogery and Mulleiigandra, getting into the crops and damaging fenced. I am informed that iu the localities of Tabletop and Gerogery, during the last three years, about UKK) of them have been killed, and now there are 5 to 1 more than there were three years ago. I hear there is to be a meeting of free selectors at Jindera on Wednesday, 12th inst., on the land question. I am also informed that our member, Air. George Day, has been asked to attend, which he has kindly consented to do." VICTORIAS LAND NOTICES.—The following applications lor licences have not been granted:' Chas. Hore, 190a., Talgarno ; William Hensley, 250a., Tawanga ; Tlios. O'Dwyer, 200.1., Xorongong ; Tlios. O'Dwyer, 120a., Xorongong; H. M'llree, 320a., Thou-la ; Francis M'llree, 320a., Thought; John M'llree, 320a., Thought; P. Kelly, 200a., Burrowye; James Riley, 160a., Burrowye; Thomas Hutton, 320 >., Byawatha. The lollowing applications for licences have been approved :—Thorn is Laing, 17,000a., Cudgewa West; S. G. Watson, lG,300a., The Triangle; Arthur Clingiu, 3a, Or. 28p., Bruarong. Tlie following applications lor leases have been approved :—M. Hobbs, 129a. 3r. 8p,, Kergunyidi; Owen Maher, 40a., Beethang ; Thos. Burr, 76a. lr. 18p., Kergunyah. The holding of Michael tioonun has been amended. Originally 37a. 2r. 21p. at Hedeiung, it is now 39a. The application of E. Helfennan lor a grant for 79a. 3v. 39p. at Gundowriug has been approved. The following portion of laud will be open for selection tin and after 14th September:—Parish of Tawanga; 303i. situate between the Tawatig.i pre-emptive right and the Kiewa River. CROWN LANDS SAI.E.—A sale by unction of country lands was held at the Court-house, on Wednesday last, when the following lots were disposed of:—100a., Round Hill, Messrs. Henty and it Balfour, nt the upset price, £15010g.; 102a., Gerogery, Mr. Samuel Watson, £222; 50a., Tooiua, Messrs. Macartney, Rolfe, and Monr- JioitBe, at the upset price, £1 pur acre; lots B ami C were not offered for ; and loU G, II, 1, J, K, and L were withdrawn. GiUHS-niGHTS.—The following claims for defined pre-leat>es have been approved, subject to the usual conditions :—Robert Sutherland," IMOu., Edgehill; John Colles, 960a., Edgchill; C. H. FisheiyflOOa., Edgehill. The followingpre- lenses have been modified or amended -.—John Bruce, 740a., Germanton; William Ditohfield, 1037o., Umkardlnia. AUJURY CUSTOM HOUSE.—The collections at the Albury Custoui-hojise for the month ol August amounted lo £27(0) Is. 7d. Towo.vu SHIRE COUNCIL.—At the meeting ol (he Tmvoug Shire Council, on Tuesday, Mr. 1. Wright was appointed secretary and surveyor, and Mr. Sutherland, rate collector, valuer, and collector of agricultural statistics. FROSTS ON THE UITER MURUAY.—A correspondent writing from one ol the uppermost stations on the rive.r reports a fine fall or rain, succeeded, however, bv some sharp frosts. THE LATE RAINS.—By telegrams which camo to hand during the early part of the week wc learn the rain which set in here on Satimhiv last was general over the greater part oi the colony. The fall was particularly heavy at Hay, Forbes, Mudgee, Molong, Wagga Wagga, Corowa and all clown the river, and along the Sydney road. TUMHABUMDA SELECTORS' ASSOCIATION.—At a recent meeting of the Tuiubaruiiiba Selectors Association Mr. M'Kay proposed the following as the platform or the Association in resnect to the agitation for amendment of the land law :— " 1. That we do not deem the present price of conditionally purchased land and interest on balance of purchase money exorbitant. 2. That tlie resilience and impiovement clauses of the Lima Act are just and expedient. 3. That the time has passed for the classification of lands ; and that any attempt in this direction now would onlv tend to throw the unalienated country into the hands of monopolists. 4. That no change should be made in regard to the age at which selection is permitted, nor any increase in the area of selection. 5. That a copy of the "primary principles" adopted at a previous meeting be transmitted to the Secretary of the Albury Association, with a request that the Albury delegate at the Convention to be held in Sydney will lay the same, together with the resolution now agreed to, before such Convention. 6. That this Association, iu the eveut of the Albury Association agreeing to the above proposal, will contribute pro rata towards the expenses of the Albury delegate. 7\. That this Association agree to accept any programme adopted by the Convention to l>e held at Sydney, provided at least teu duly organised Selectors Associations be represented at such Convention." After some discussion, it was decided that the above programme did not exactly formulate the views of the Association, and it was resolved to hold a special meeting for the purpose of drawing up au amended list ALBURY POLICE COURT.—At this court on Tuesday Thomas Curran, b ttcr known as " Tommy the Londoner " was charged with carta dead horse into a water-course. Mr. Dullev, Inspector of Nuisances, appeared to prosecute. Defendant did not appear. G. S. Dulley deposed that on the previous day he had seen defendant dragging portions of a dead horse and putting tbein iu tlie creek at the cricket g'.ouud ou the Recreation R'.-serve. Defendant told witness that he was putting away the body by directions of Mr. Mitchell, the ownei of the horse. The case was adjourned until Wednesday. Henty Morgan was chargedj with forging and uttering :—Serjeant Anderson deposed : From information received I arrested the prisoner yesterday in Deanstreet ; 1 took him to Mr. Mitchell's iu Townsend- street, where he was identified by James Ryan the I took keeper ; Ryan said " That is the man who gave me the cheque ;" I then told the prisoner the charge ; I said " You are charged with forgery and uliering a cheque for £7 9s. on the Australian Joint Stock Bank ;" prisoner suid nothing iu answer to the charge; I took him to the lock-up and on searching him found another cheque signed William Hore ;" the first cheque was similarly signed and drawn iu favor of Iienrv Morgan; the two cheques are numbered consecutively and correspond with the cheque book of Mr. Charles Scbmiedt of the Albury Hotel. James llyan deposed ; I reside with Mr. J. Mitchell of the Border City Hotel; I saw the prisoner yesterday ; he presented a cheque purporting to be signed by Mr. rfore; I am clerk and assist in the bar ; the cheque produced is the same ; I could not change it in the first instance; after a tiiue the prisoner came back again and I took the cheque and said I would go and get change ; I went up towards the bank, prisoner asked uic if I were going to the bank ; I said yes and he then said he would take it himself and asked me to give him the cheque ; this I refused to do ; I presented the cheque at the bank and it was returned maikcd " no accountprisoner was sober apparently when he tendered the cheque ; it was tendered in payment for drinks. James Mitchell deposed: I know the prisoner; he stopped iu my house on Sunday night; yesterday morning prisoner handed me the cheque produced to be changed ; I said I had no notes but that the batik would be open in nbout an hour; prisoner was then a« sober as he is now ; a man known as " Tease'em "was with the prisoner at the time; the cheque produced is the same that prisoner presented. John It. Richardson deposed : I am ledger-keeper in the Australian Joint Stock Bank ; no nerson named William Hore lias an account at tlie bank ; the cbeqnc produced was presented yesterday morning l»v Mr. Ryan ; it was marked " no account" and returned. Charles Schmicdt deposed : I am landlord of the Albury Hotel I have a cheque-book of the Australian Joint Stock Bank ; last night I. tore two butts out of the book aud gave them to Sergeant Anderson ; the cheque book was kept in my desk in the 1) lr; I have seen the prisoner knocking about since Friday ; he has been in my house several times. Fielder Wail deposed : I am barman at the Albury Hotel ; I know the prisoner ; 1 j»avo him one or two blank cheques out of "Mr. Sohmicdt's book ; this was oil Friday night or Saturday night; prisoner was quite sober. This was the case lor the prosecution. Prisoner did not attempt any defence, but intimated his intention to plead guilty and stated that he had been drinking heavily and did not know what ho n I had been doing. Prisoner vviw "co'inmitted ^lrir I trial. On Wednesday, Thomas Curran was fined I Is. fw a breach of the municipal bye- laws. URANA.—Our Urana correspondent says:— "Owing to the unfavorable nature of the past season stock are not looking so well as could be desired. They ure indeed barely holding their own, and I fear therefore that a sale of cattle announced for the 15th inst will be but poorly attended by buyers. With the prospect of another bad season before them graziers will riot be inclined to run the risk of increasing their stock. Shearing will soon be general. Mr. Rand commenced last week ; and I am sorry to |earn that the deficiencies in the number of slieep mustered aio proving even greater than owners anticipated. Messrs. Armstrong and llowui'. general storekeepers here, have sold the goodwtflV» of their business to Mr. B. Cullev, 'of Albury delivery is to be given on the 15th September. BOARD OF ADVICE, WODONGA.—A special meeting of the Board of Advice, No. 268, was held on Monday last. Bel'ore the regular business was proceeded with the election of chairman and correspondent was disposed ol' as follows :—Mr. Bambrick, President of the Shire of Wodonga, was elected chairman and Mr. W. C. M'Farlane correspondent. After the usual preliminaries had been gone through, the correspondent read a letter from the Department informing the Board that Sergeant Harkin had been appointed summoning ollicer for the district. The visitors reported that at all the schools the attendance was good and the children healthy. THE AGRICULTURAL SHOW.—We take the opportunity ot making good an omission in our report of the exhibits at the late show. Mr. E. C. Ellis obtained honorable mention fiotn the judges for a very well finished vis-a-vis 'buggy. COUNTY* COURTS.—The next sitting of the County Court at Wodonga will be held on Saturday the 27th October; the l r ackaudandah County Court will be held on Tuesday 30th October. CRICKET MATCH.—A cricket match, between the Moorwatha Eleven and the Bungowannah Eleven, will be played at Howlong on the 15th September. THE ILLUSTRATED AUSTRALIAN NEWS.—We have received the August number of the Illustratal Australian N~eips, the engravings in which are fully up to the usual high standard of merit The first is entitled " Rounding the Horn in July," and represents the deck of a vessel which is at the time engaged in doubling the " Cape of Storms" under the unpleasant circumstances usually experienced at the particular season. The poop is a mass of snow, in which the unfortunate otticer of the watch stands ankle deep ; the suow clings to handrails, stays, and ropes, and lies thickly on the steps of the gangway. The picture iu fact presents all the horrors of a North Pole journey as depicted by Jules Verne. " Lake St. Clair, Tasmania," is a very pretty bit of Van Dieutau's Land scenery. " Encounter with Bushrangers" is a sketch—necessarily a fancy one—of a recent incident that occurred at Bendemeer, in this colony, when a bushranger named Cranley stuck up a public-house in the absence of the landlord, but was killed in an interchange of shots with a constable named Bowcn, who behaved very pluckily in the business. The next engraving represents the Lusitania, the pioneer of a iiew line of steamships between London and Melbourne, which recently made the passage from Plymouth in the extraordinarily short time of fortyseven days. We have then a copy of a picture by Mr. Tannert, entitled " The Birthday," which tells its own story. A youngster, just awake ou the morning of his birthday, is sitting up in bed waiting with eager anticipation for the gift he well knows his grandmother who has just entered the room has in store lor the occasion ; whilst a younger brother evidently aware that his turn has not yet come for any favors of the kind, looks on with a sort of stolid disapproval of the whole proceedings. The figures of the old woman, and the young mother are vcrv cleverly drawn. A view of the citv of Nelson, New Zealand follows, after which we have another pretty bit of Victorian scenery—" Orchard Creek, Gippsland." The re- maining illustrations comprise a "View oil Jackson's Creek," a " Canoe race in Fiji," " Oakden' Cave" and though last not least, " The National Horse Show" in which is given a sketch of two splendid draught stallions exhibited at the last grand annual parade held under the auspices of the National Agricultural Society, Melbourne. The letterpress is varied and interesting. NEW FOREST REGULATIONS.—New forest regulations under the Land Act were laid upon the table of the Victorian Legislative Ajssembly a few days since. They provide that:—No tree of less diameter than eighteen inches shall be felled; no greater number of trees shall be [felled than is necessary for the current supply of the mill. All trees felled, and uot delivered at the mill at the expiry of the license, shall revert to the Crown ; no tree on the block under license shall be used merely for the purpose of obtaining the bark therefrom; the licensee shall protect saplings and young seedling indigenous trees, and neither he nor any other person shall depasture goats ou the block under license to him, or cultivate any part of such block ; the license lee HIIIIII be paid in advance, and produced by the holder when required by the Crown Lands bailiff so to do. Non-compliance with the above conditions will make the license liable to forfeiture. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED.—We have to acknowledge receipt of a pamphlet entitled "The proposed tax on live stock considered iu reference to its probable cffects on the price of meat in "« B , ! B1 " W ».v wr. A. K. Finlayand Mil llttahie, Manager ol the Melbourne Meat Prc- ?n R W e ,mvo n,8 ° weive'4 a canvof Daylight anew weekly published in Svduoy, containing a number of well-written articles ou the leading topics of the dity. The typography is especially good. ' - > AOARPOFCTUBAL SHOWS AND COLLEGES.—Mr. Geo. Mnckfty, of Moorwatha, addressed the fol- .owing letter to the Argus a few days since:— " Si»v'—Being one of the delegates appointed by the Ovens aiid Murray Agricultural Society to attend the conference on Friday last, and having attended the said conference, I think a few remarks from me will not be taken amiss by the committee appointed to wait upon the Minister for Agriculture. 'That one agricultural college be established, with an experimental farm attached." This, I think, was the wisest course the conference could have takeu, and I think that it be established at a much less cost than seemed i^b be anticipated by most of those present. I certainly don't see the necessity of erecting costly buildings. We don't want a towering structure like the Melbourne University, with immense lecture halls and so forth. Let us plan our buildings for our immediate wants, with due regard to convenience for additions as they may be required. Ill choosing the site for the college and farm, I would recommend that it should be at some place where conditions of soil and climate will present obstacles for the embryo farmer to contend with, Anyone can grow crops in a genial climate with a fertile soil. I object most decidedly to a number: of. test or experimental farms as being simply a waste of public money, for if one agri cultural college, with its farm attached, be estab lished, I take it that the youth who has energy and brains enough to master the science anii practice of agriemture at that college will surely be able to adapt his experience to any other place by making allowance for any differences of soil or climate. As to each society having its own test or experimental farm, the author of that suggestion can never have been a member of an agricultural society's committee, or he would have known how unworkable such a scheme would be. It is a difficult matter with most societies to get enough committeemen together to do a little work a month or two before a show. How. then, could they be expected to attend constantly to the wants of their experimental farm! The result would be a total failure. Whatever is . to be done, let it be done by a competent staff under the Government. While ou this subject, I may be allowed space for a few words about the national &how.; There ought to be no two opinions as to Melbourne beiug the proper place for it. As a precedent take the Agricultural Society of New South Wales Annual Exhibition at Sydney. Through its central position it is now a successful and flourishing institution ; but it was not always so, and would not have been so now if it bad been shifted about from place to place. Because the one national show that has been held in Melbourne did not prove a financial success, that is no reason why another should not. Taking Mr, O'Keefe's statement concerning the Sandhurst society's financial position after being afflicted with a national show as a fair average of its effects upon other societies, the movable show me&ns; simply impoverishing every country society that takes upon itself the onus of providing the extra accommodation for exhibits. Of course when that society's turn comes round again they have BO much to the good ; but what about the interest on their overdraft, the cost of necessar repairs, insurance, &i.; ? Another matter whici is of vital importance, is the absolute want of accommodation for man and beast at these couutrv towns. I am given to understand the leading breeder of pure stock in Victoria has decided not to exhibit again for that very reason. From my own experience as a breeder of stock and exhibitor I am of opinion that the national show should be held at Melbourne, and should be the last show of the season ; it would theu be the convincing ground ; and that the Govern- ment should be petitioned by all the societies in the colony to allow all exhibits free transit to and fro. With these remarks, and the hope that some substantial good may result to the cause of agriculture in Victoria from the efforts of the tontercnce,—I am, &c.;, GEO. E. MAOKAY. Stnny Park, Albury, N.S.W., August 27." IMPORTANT MAGISTERIAL DECISION.—At the Central Police Court, Sydney (says the Evening Nctct), five boys, respectively named Hannou, Quigg, M'Kay, Strange, and Ward, were charged by Inspector Rush with riotous conduct at Bankstown. Mr. Redman prosecuted for the police, and Mr. Carroll appeared as solicitor for the defendants. Mr. Carroll objected to the Bench entertaining the case, inasmuch as two justices of the peace (Messrs. Ridge and Neal) were already seised of the case, and it was still pending. Those magistrates could only hear and determine the question. Th°y had certainly disagreed, and no order was made, but Mr. Carroll, in support of his opinion, quoted the 29th section of Sir John Jervis's Act, which says that the justices must be present, acting together during " the whole of the hearing," and "hear and determine the case." Pluukett's and Council's Magistrates," also lay down that should there be n division ol opinion, there ought to be an adjournment of the case to ocure the attendance of auother magistrate, Se showed a case in which this had been done (viz., Ryan and Thompson), and quoted an opinion of Mr. Attorney-General Darvall, obtained by Messrs. Cory and Carroll in 1860, wherein Mr. Darvall also decided that the justices ought to call in a third magistrate to assist them in determining the case. Mr. Redman having replied at some length to the objection, the Bunch (consisting of Messrs. Guy and M'Beath, J.P.'s), went of opinion that they could not entertain the case by -want of jurisdiction. AN ATTACK DV CHINESE.—On Thursday after- <rt Mr. Wilson, manager for Mr. Geo. Tough fft'the (hlden Age) was making his customary p with gold from Stoiiy Creek to Maytpwn, ana when liearingPurdv's Camp, lie was startled with the imports ol two rifles, the balls from which struck the ground in front of Iris horse. As he •approached un did building lbnnerly occupied byM'Kcnsde Brothers, as a store, he found it/in ppsseteion of tt Vimhber' of Chinamen, who, bn seeingWin, commencedategularfusilode from guns and rifles, but fortunately none of tho shots •proved fatal. Mr. Wilson noticing a Cliiuamaij lying in ambush close to a dray, and in the uct of raising a rifle to take deliberate aim, fired at him, and from the sudden movement of the Chinkie, it is inferred that the ball must either have taken effect or been too close to be pleasant for John. The narrow escape which Mr. Wilson had may be judged from the circumstance that one bail glanced off his revolver, which he held in his hand ready for further defeucc, while another whizzed close to his ear. Mr. Wilson, seeing the number of his assailants, deemed it nrudeut to beat a retreat as quick as possible. Tnere can be little doubt that this attempt at assassination and robbery was premeditated, as Mr. Wilson is a large buyer of gold at the various Chinese stoics in the district, and it was generally known that he was coming in on the day named to bank it, A Row AT AN ORANGE MEETING.—In connection with the North local Orange Lodge of Singleton, Pastor Allen, on Tuesday evening, 21st ult., redelivered his lecture on Nunneries, in the Mechanics' Institute of that town. Placards of a suggestive nature (says the Times) calling attention to the lecture having been distributed throughout the town for 6ome days previously, and other steps being taken to ensure a large attendance, the result was a house crowded in every part, both below and above stairs, whilst very many, both ladies and gentlemen, were unable to gain admittance. The occasion will deubtless be remembered in Singleton as that of, if one of the most enthusiastic, at the same time the most uproarious and disorderly meetings that has assembled in the building as yet. Consider ably before 8 p.m., the hour for commencing the gallery and body of the hall were crowded by ladies and gentlemen, who, as it transpired, were destined to listen to something more than the lecturer's utterances before the evening was over, whilst the approaches to the hall were well lined by those anxiouR to hear what was to be said oil the subject. Mr. J. S. Jarman, Worshipful Master of the Loyal Orange Lodge, occupied the chair. Before proceeding with his address, Pastor Allen, as a guarantee of his intentions and proof of either his willingness or ability to substantiate any statement, made an offer to forfeit the sum of j£LOO in the event of any person being able to disprove any remark made by him, the stipulation, however, being that those who might wish to argue a point should first deposit the sum of £10, which would be forfeited if lost, or returned together with the larger sum, were (Sie lecturer unable to corroborate what had been said. From the commencement it seemed tolerably evident that far from a few of those present had attended with a fixed determination to take part in the lecture themselves. Acting upon this principle, the speaker had no sooner broken the subject and entered upon his preliminary remarks than loud and ironical applause, interspersed with a running commentary of epithets the reverse of polite, apparently emanating from an occupant of the front seats, gave the signal for what was to follow. A more serious disturbance arose during a later portion of the lecture, upon a statement that was made. Iu this instance the speaker, alter finding all his efforts to obtain a hearing of no avail,! placed his case in the hands of the chairman as to whether the lecture should proceed or not. Mr. Jarman as a demur ressort called upon any mem ber of the " Star of the North " present to come forward, and for a time a serious disturbance appeared imminent. About a dozen members of the lodge having arranged themselves before the platform, whereon the ladies had taken refuge, and order being in a measure restored, a third attempt to proceed was essayed. The address of the reverend gentleman was frequently inter rupted by cries of " Emigrate," " Who'6 your authority t" &c.;, &c.; RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN POBLIC SCHOOLS. —The following letter appears in the Sydney Morning Herald :—" Sir,—The admirers of the educatioual system of New South Wales are constantly dwelling upon the ' facilities' afforded to clergymen for imparting religions instruction, and blaming the cleivjy for uot using them. Will you afford me a small space to exemplify to your readers these 'facilities. The Public School here is carried on at present in our Church of England school-room, rented at a nominal rent for the purpose, and in which there is no class-room. On my arriving here last January, 1 arranged with the master of the Public School to give religious instruction for half an hour twice a week as interfering less with the secular work of the school, than a whole hour once a week. I made my lessons purely Scriptural for the sake of the children of non-Episcopalian families. The numbers in the school were roughly 60 Church of England, 40 other Protestants, and 30 Roman Catholics. About £ ol' I lie last-named had brother* or sisters being educated as Protestants. Thus on Monday morning and Thurslay morning ill each week the 30 Roman Catholies enjoyed a game at play for half an hour, while nearly 100 Protestants received instruction in the Bible. But this week the inspector arrived, and he has pronounced, the whole thing so irregular, that it cannot be permitted to continue. In the most courteous manner he suggests that on each Monday and Thursday morning I should inarch my hundred Protestants about an eighth of a mile to the unfinished class-room of the new schoolhouse, give them their religious instruction, and march them back again ; while the teachers und the thirty Roman Catholics get on with their work in the school- room. It would be great fun for the Protestant children who were to enjoy the Walk to and fro, the extra fresh air, and shorter hours inside; but whether it would conduce to. the general discipline of the school remains to be proved. I trust thfit'sonic flay the parents of New South Wales will awake to the necessity for having the reality 'instead of the empty name ol 1 'facilities for religions instruction "in every school; fl"dmn, SiiVyours oliedieiitlv, J. MAIN- LAND WARE. 7 The Parsoi i age; Q uenn bey an, 25th August." | EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE FROM DEATH, An extraordinary oscnpe lYoiu death is reported by the Southern Argus, New South Wales. It states that on Tuesday evening, the 13th ult., the wife of Mr. William Storrier, farmer, Gullen, met with a narrow escape from instantaneous death by the reckless use of firearms. Her brother-inlaw, who is under 20 years of age, entered her dwelling, and picking up a gun from off the table, which lie evidently supposed to be unloaded, although it was not so, said in a jocular way to her, " Suppose I was to blow your brains out," or words to that effect. He then presented the deadly weapon within a few feet of her face, and drew the trigger, the consequence being that she received a frightful wound, occasioned by the discharge of powder and wadding, close underneath the eye, and which penetrated completely through the right cheek, but wonderful as it may seem, although perfectly true, the load of shot contained within the gun passed harmlessly on one side, from the fact, it is assumed, of not having sufficient distance to spread. Assistance from her relations was speedily forthcoming, to whom the foolish young man had run terror-stricken with the alarm, but there were no ready means of obtaining surgical attention that night, and it was not until Wednesday that she was removed to Goulburn, when Dr. Havley did everything ossible for her recovery in'the surgery. It is, E owever, very questionable at present whether 6he may not by this sad affair be deprived of the sight of one eye. THE KANGAROO PLAGUE IN QUEENSLAND.— So much has been said relative to the prevailing pest, the marsupials (writes a correspondent of the Darling DOKM Gazette) that people are at last somewhat alive to the necessity of doing some- thing to meet this plague. While on the way down from Mr. Bracker's, Waroo, round by Gleuclg and Canal Creek diggings, down even within a mile or two of Warwick, the kangaroos may be seen all the way. Everybody is complaining of the injury done by kangaroos or wallabies. There is no escape for anv one—nil are attacked, farmers, selectors, and squatters alike. A sheep owner on the way informed me that his 6heep are now in such condition as to be unfit for food—all of them full of worms. To me it is a wonder that the sheep are able to live at all. Another told me that it is only a matter of time with his sheep, as the kangaroos are in possession of every acre. Many of the farmers and selectors are compelled to watch their crops dav and night. The want of rain, added to the ravages of the kangaroos, is telling severely on evervthing, and the little crop that there is looks Very seedv. One farmer, who had steadily persevered in keeping off the kangaroos had at last to give them best, finding that as he went out they as quickly went in. For seventy miles it is one incessant line of grumblers. To many it means ruin straight, and no end of expense to those who can stand it. As for grass, there is none or likelv to be any, for now the kangaroos have the countrv ; and as old residents affirm, are increasing. There will soon be such a swarm as will take a long time to exterminate. What the stock will have to live ou, unless something i6 done, I can't imagine, for the cattle may be seen actually chewin tiie leaves and fallen branches. Some of those paddocks between Allora and Warwick have been completely cleared of scrub, high as cattle can reach. The crops—chiefly wheat—with one or two exceptions, appear to have suffered to such an extent, that it is doubtful if they will recover. GRANTS OP LAND TO THE NATIVE-BORN.—A singular petition has been signed in the Campbellti twn district of Tasmania, to the House of Assembly in that colony, praying that every born youth of the age of 21 years," and every colonist who has resided in Tasmania for the same period, should l»e allowed a free ^imit of 200 acres of the Crown lands, on condition of ten years' residence thereon, and the expenditure of a reasonable stun in the way of improvements. Mr. C. H. Bromb.v was written to on subject of the petition (says the H. T. Mercury) and replied to the following effect:—" I had hoped to have been able to introduce some such measure as that prayed for by the petition you have been good enough to send me. Without pledging myself to the amount of land which ought to be granted to each male native of the colouy, or male colonist of 22 years' stauding, or to the condition on which such "grant might be held, I think it is manifestly unwise and unfair to allow new comers from the old country to have an exclusive right to free grants of laud. I do not say that it is wrong to induce fresh colonists to come by the present offer of free grants, but I do think at least the same privilege should bo given to old (settlors and natives of tho colony." OUR IRONCLADS.—It is generally expected, and with reason, that if Great Britain becomes involved in the Eastern struggle the principal share of the operations will lall upou the Navy. The Turks have not as yet put their naval Voice to any considerable test, probably because the Russian Black Sea fleet refuses to meet them. But if we are called upon to protect the route to India we shall find plenty of work for our ships to do ; and if Russia attempts to extend her boundaries nearer India she will find that not only are her newly-acquired possessions difficult to retain, but also that her northern shores are difficult to defend. Without a navy worthy of the name, she will find it easier to lose Cronstadt and St. Petersburg than to gain Constantinople, and difficult to maintain a footing anywhere that British ironclads can enter. She may blow up a weakly monitor on the Danube, but she will find Her Majesty's ships to be tougher morsels than she has been accustomed to. We have confiued ourselves to the naval aspect of the question j the military position has uot changed since Inkermuu Balaklava ami Jho. Alnni. But whereas in 1854 granite walls proved formidable • obslatb's to tfooden ships mined with 08-poundern, o'nr Navv of to-day wifli 18 and 25-ton guns behind stout armour-plates, would make *hort work oj' whut was before a long job. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.—It was stated in the Assembly by Mr. Driver, late Minister for Lauds, and subsequently the several minutes having reference to the matter were laid on the table of the House, that all the declarations outstanding received prioi to August, 1875, had been withdrawn from the hands of Inspectors of Conditional Purchases, " as the parties have in these cases ostensibly complied with the law, and have made declaration that they have actually and substantially fulfilled the conditions of" their several purchases." We now learn from several sources that Inspectors are still employed visiting these selections, and that the present Minister for Lands appears to have countermanded the instructions given by his predecessor iu reference to these conditional purchases. ICHTHVOPHMJOUS.—After reading the following opinion by Professor M'Coy with reference to the salmon recently tasted in Melbourne, people will clearly understand how it is that the tinned fish is Indigestible .—" To the Editor of the Daily 1 euxfraph,—My dear .Sir, I have examined the two fishes' heads you sent me just now, and as the hind edge of the operculum is nearly semicircular, the whole free edge of the suboperculum being directed obliquely upwards and backwards, and the union of that piece with the ope culuni being also very oblique (these two lines bein^ nearly parallel) ; and further, as the junction of tha narrow interoperclum is much above the junction of the operculum and sub-operculum, I have no doubt the fishes were true salmon— sahrn solar. I remain, dear sir, verv truly yours FREDERICK M'COY. University, 28th August! 1877." ADVICE TO NERVOUS PEOPLE.—Now from whatever cause or combination of causes IHJTVOUSness has been produced, if happiness and health are to be restored, the causes must be removed and the injury they have caused must be repaired. For in proportion to the weakness of a man's system and the enfeeblencss of his nerves will be the liability of his falling a victim to other and more fatal maladies; and thus it is that every day we find such diseases as bronchitis, consumption, Bright's disease, brain disease, and insanity following at the heel of nervousness. The directions for treatment are fourfold :—First, we must remove the cause restore the tone of the heart, improve the blood. All injurious habits must be given up ; late hours and intemperance in eating abandoned ; smoking, if practised, stopped. The food is most important. It must be abundant and wholesome —neither too much nor too little. It should not be sloppy, and soups had better lie avoided so long as solid food can be takeu. Rise from the table feeling you have had enough, but not oppressed with what you have eaten. The bread should be stale, and no very heating food taken. Eight hours' sleep should be taken every night! This alone will nearly cure. Take no narcotics to make you sleep. A few raw ovsters before bedtime are worth all the narcotics in the world, are easily digested, and furnish material for restoring nervous tissue and blood. If you wake up in the middle of the night, sometimes a small stale biscuit eaten will send you off to sleep again. A change of scene, air, and cheerful society, with sea- bathing, are excellent agents for curing nervousness. Avoid physic-it exhausts the tone of the system, the very thing you would restore. Above all, keep up a good heart, and a firm reliance on the great Author of life. CAMPHOR AS A POISON.—Dr. George Johnson has reported another case of poisoning "by homoeopathic camphor, the notes of which were furnished by Mr. Grubb, of Warminster. A young gentleuiau, aged 18, wishing to cure a cold, took on sugar in the course of six hours seven doses of homeopathic camphor, each dose oontaiuing three drops. Within five minutes after taking the last dose, without the slightest warning, he had a severe epileptic fit, which lasted nlore than a quarter of an hour. Since the attack he had been feeling "queer/' and at the time of Mr. Grubb's report, a month after the accident, he had not fully recovered. Cases such as the above cannot be made too widely known. The use of camphor for the cure of colds is rapidly extending, and the people who use it have not the slightest idea that they are playing with a poison. • GENERAL GRANT.—In the presence of an assembly comprising the Chanceller of the Exchequer, two ex-Cabinet Ministers, and many members of the House of Commons, the honorary freedom of the city of London was on June 13 presented to General Grant "for the eminent services be had rendered to the cause of civilisation by maintaining amicable relations with foreign nations." In reply, General Grant expressed his deep sense of the cordial reception which lie had met with in England. He regarded the honor conferred upou him that day as intended quite as much for the country which he had served, iu two capacities, as for himself. The ceremony was followed by a dejmiier in the Guildhall, at which the health of General Grant was proposed by the Lord Mayor in highly complimentary terms. The General brief!v conveyed his acknowledgments, heartilv thanking the citizens of London for the distinction he had received. After the dfie&ner; General and Mrs. Grant, Mr. Jesse Grant, the Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress, Mr. and Mrs. Pierrepont, and General Badeau paid a visit to the Crystal J 1 ?™, 8 M^ccted the Fine Arts Courts ™ Museu m the party attended one of the ballad concerts, and after dining iu the south saloon, witnessed from the Queen s corridor a display of fireworks. The two prmciral pieces were a likeness of General wSiiin rel>,C8entati0U 0f CapSft c l o ^ ^ M ^ D ^ ' f o ^ - year, on the ground that as the ftek , for the reception of the British Assodhi voar will devolve on hiiu-during the*** be is entitled to enjoy the fruit of ju 6 .< I lie Conservative minority protested, was an agreement to elect LfeidteWd' vatives alternately, b6en ^ 