? CURIOSITIES OF COEONA- TIONS..... Although our specific object is to give a fomihar account of the more or less remarkable events which-have taken place -at,' or in connection with, the individual coronations of Eughsh sovereigns, it may be as well to perface it with a few remarks on the arrangements attending their coronations in general, as -a little light will thereby be thrown on some of the expressious met with further on. During the times of thePlantagenetB &nd4he; Tudors, and with the Stuarts until the corona- tions of James II., it was the custom for the* sovereign to take up his residence in the Tower of London for a short period, previous to the day of the coronation. On the Saturday preceding that ceremony, he. went in' procession from Westminster to the "Tower, of Iiondon,. on which occasion he was accompanied by large numbers of the nobility and civic dignitaries, and also .by those squires upon whom the honour of knight-: hood.was to he conferred. Each of thelatter (who watched their arms that night), had g xoom assigned to him, and -a: bath in: which to bathe, and knighthood followed the* next: day after mass The queens who reigned m -their own rights; Mary and Elizabeth, although they condescended to gird the swordu on their -knights with their iwa h,«udt, did not give the pctual accolaae r blow (some, authorities gather.-from, the deriv;iiion of this word ad ajd tollum that an iemhrace was originally given) whtchiis the determined action that impresses the-character of knighthood. At both of these .coronations this office was performed .by Henry* Earl of-Arundel, and a-copy of his appoint-, ment may be found m Evmer's worls, : : : . Commencing with the reign-of-William ths.' Conqueror, wc will now proceed to note (ihose coronations at which: something out: of; the -common has -occurred, and,.the crown-' pig of the Uorman king fumishee us with the first Anecdote.:, When William hadtaken the coronation oatn v to protect tlio Church, prohibit oppression, :and execute judgment : in mercy, Archbishop . Aldred - put the: question to the people, '? Will ve: have this ; prince -to he your king?" : They rephea: :pith loud shouts of assent, and the uproar: fchns created, .-led the'Korman -soldiery , to believe that the- English • had revolted; 1 whereupon; without:; waiting to "make . the, least investigation : into -4he matter, they immediately .set the neighhourmir.',houses on; fire. : • The flamesgave rise^ aigeneral- alarm andagreatpart-of the .congregation hastened:: out of the church.; the ISnghsh endeavouring : stay the: .progress . of,,the.ifire,- iand,:thetS'ormaus seizmg the opportunity to plunder ,: ?rhe.bishops :aud .others staking,part m. thef: :ceremony. who remained arithin the . church, iyere thrownr-into. such-a state oftconfusion that tbey were barely..able-to go .through the offi.ee of crowning the king. William perceiving the tumult, and not being able to .jEjecture its cause, was naturally ranch perplexed, and eiit trembtog before the altar Ifo great amount pj damage was done Joy iho. conflagration, hut t sewed the iseeds ol a"" * long and bitter enmity between the Normans and the Enghsh ^ • • Stephen's' coronation, -seeing "that iie had previously sworn iallcgiance to the -^oint^s Matilda, -was -.viewed - with a consnner4i\\)le amount of anxietv and.curiosity^JfoMn: those s rfpys it waa -iommoolv bfiheved thdt the" pnnishment -of perjurv waB visible . and? ; immediate..; William, Archbishop of Oauter- • bury; performed, the ceremony, and it is Bt.fttv.d tb,i.t a -violent Ktorm--arose, l.hrovvmg the assembled partv into such dire confusion that the consecrated wafer fell to the crouud, :the kiss :of peace, was omitted, and. the final •benediction ..of . the archbishop altogether forgotten. The. coronation -festivities of Eichard L indirectly gave rise to a sanRuinary- and disgraceful riot. A:large number, of Jews - had come to England durmg"t:he.iprevious reign, where . they. were allowed : to lire in peace by :that liberal and enlightened monarch Henry Hi ifaturally, grateful that: such an: unusual, favour should be accorded them, they met togetheran Londou for the purpose of subscribing amongst :themselveBin order to: present Eichard with a valuable gift on the occasion of.ins coronation.,, Unfortunately: for them; Bich&rd; was weak enough to listen to some, of the bigots-by whom he waB surrounded; who assured him that the Jews were in the habit-of practising their magic arts on .hinge during the time of-their: coronation; aud theTesult wasthe iBSueofan : edict, strictlyprohibiiang any Israelite from being present daring the ceremony, or making an appearance at the royal palace ... during the subsequent, coronation bauouet. However, -more curious than prudent ai .goodly number of Jews mingled: .with the crowd- that, ' gathered i round the palace gates ; and one of them, attempt-, mg to force his way on, received a blow^mthe face from an overrzealous Chnstian. This was quite sufficient to arouae the fanaticumof the mob, and a general attack was at once com- menced, upon the. Jews, who fled with all speed towards-.the city. .-,.:Some- miscreants, only too glad of the. opportunity for -plunder; spread a rumour that Sichatd had given orders,that the unbelieving Jews should be exterminated; and as such an order was by no means-linlikely when the king waB a crusader, it was soon-implicitly believed. The London t mob, aided by ,the' people who had arrived . -from • :the country, - proceeded .':t attack the houses of the - Jews; but the inmates defended their habitations with much •courage, and the RBsault proved abortive. Finding that they could not gam admittance to .the houses, the populace threw brands and torches through the. -windows- and. on to the roofs, with the result tiial. conflagrations burst forth in.-all directions;- consuming a large: number of houses, both Jewish and Christian. The ting ordered . the apprehension of the ringleaders, and they were - hanged," as a salutary warning to others: and after this the Jews were taken under royal protection. The only memorable event attending the coronation of John was the speech of Hubert; Arcubishop of: Canterbury^ which waB as follows ; *! Hear all men !*: It is well known to your wisdom that no man hath any right of succession: to this crown, unless he be elected for his own merits by the unanimous consent of the kingdom, with invocation of the Holy Ghost; after the manner and similitude of Saul, whom God set over His cho«en people, though he was neither the son of a; king, nor sprung of a royal line; and in like manner after him; David, the son of Jesse : the former because he; was brave, and suited to the royal dignity, the latter because he was humble And piouB. So that he who surpasses all within the realm in fitness-for royaltyi should preside over all in dignity and power. . But if any one of the family of the deceased sovereign should: excel others, his election should, be; the more : readily and cheerfully conceded- Wherefore, as our late sovereign Bichard died without issue of his, body, : and as his brother Earl John, nowpresent;-is irase; brave, and manifestly noble, we, having reEpect hoth.-to.-his merits and his royal blo'otl, unanimously,•andtwich'oneaccordjxclect-him; to be our sovereign." Subsequent events proved that John was not qmte such an .-estimable: personage: as • . this speech -Would lead >is to believe. Hemy III. waa crowned at Winchester.'in 1210, London being in the possession of the French Prince Louis. He was compelled • hy the Papal legate to do homage to the Uoly Roman Church and Pope Innocent for his Kingdom of England and Ireland, and to hind himself by oath to pay an annual tribute of 3000 marks to the 1'apal See. His queen Eleanor was crowned m 1236, and Eolinshed gives the following account of the ceremony " At the Bolemmtle of this feast and coronation of the- quene, all the - high peeres of ' the realm both -spiritual! and temporali were present; there to" exercise their offices as: to them apperteiced- The" citizens of London were there in great arrale, bearing afore lur in - solemn wise: three hundred and three score caps of gold and silver, m. token that they ought to wait upon hlr cup. -ArchbiBhop of.' Canterburie (according to ihis dutiel croVraed hir," the Bishop of London assisting him as his deacon' The- citizens of London - served out wine to everie one in great plentie; The feast^was: plentiful], so that notlung wanted that could be wished; Moreover, m Tothillfielda' jroiall justes were holden by the space of eight daies Of the coronation of Edward L" the sani6 ! chronicler remarks :—" At this • coronation were, present Alexander-King of Scots, and John"Earle of Bretame, with their wives that, were sisters to King Edward. ; The King of Scots did homage unto- Kmg Edward for the' realme of Scotland, injike manner-as other the Kings of Scotland before him bad dbohe to other Kings^of England, ancestoures : to; this King Edward. At the . solemmtie of this coronation there - were let go at Uberty (catch them that catch might) five hundred great horaeeshy the ' J King - of Scots.. the Earles of ComewaU,:.Glocester;i Pembroke, Warren;and others, as they were,Blighted fro their backs" An enormous crowd -gathered to- witness' the .coronation :of Edward II.,-and ; we are informed that "there was such presse and throng at this coronation,:=that a knight,: called Sir John Bakewcll, was thrust or crowded to death " The bishops -did not fare much better, and they were forced to hurry through the service in a very slovenly and disorderly manner. A very enrions medal was struck on the occasion of the coronation of Edward SIIi? on one side it bore the effigy of-the young prince,' crowned, placing his ^sceptre on> ia heap of iiearts, v?lth the, motto, Papulo dot jura vo lent i(He gives laws to a willing people): - and the reverse represented,a handheld :out'is save^ a falliiig crown, witli :the motto, Won 'rapit, : saL reoipii ^He seizes not, hut receives). .., .;The coronatiou of Richard II. surpassed 'd: magnificenee any of the'preceding, and the usual procession from -the; Tower to Westminster Is thus described : "The citie was adomedlnalteortsmoBtrichhe; The waterconduitBranwithwinefor the space of threB hours ogether. in the upper.end:of XJheapeswas a* certain castell, made with foure towers; out ofcthe -which castell, Dn-iwossides of'-it, ,.tani forth wme.abundantlyi • 3h the-towers were; placed-.foure:beautiful virgins, of stature and^ age like to ther-lang, /apparelled in';white ; vestures,rm every, towerone, theswhioh hlew mthetongisfaee.athisapproatehmg neereio" them;!eaveB of gold; and as -he approached also they threw on him andhis horsse counterfeit ilorens of gold. When he was come ^eforethecasteUlheytookecupsttfgold^Sabd; ;; filhng them with wine at the spouts of the oastell, : presented the :iame,to-. the ikingiand to 5us nobles. : <3n the top betwixt the foure tower*, -stood a golden angell, holding « crowne in his; handsj .which was *o ^contrived: that when ;the img came„he, bowed downe, andioffercdsto,him Jihe,crowne;'..-^in.±he!midsi of the king's palkcet was a marble pillar, -raisecl hdllow uponasteps,on.;,theatop whereof waa a great :gUfc_eagle;placed!.andertw.hoee feetinthechapiteroftheplliar,diMra'luids^ of wines came .gushing forth at fonre several places all the dale long, neither Was "ime forbidden to eceiyeTh? same V relhe never <so poor or ablest" Henry 1Y, was crowned by -Archbishop Fiizalan oa the 13th of October JB89, the , ... 1 _ and ; Proissart . gives -, the- ifoll^wing interesting accoun t of it." The Duke of Lancaster left the Tower this . Sunday \after dinner, on hisj returu ,to Wessriihsterj^he was .bare-headed, and had-; ,round - his: neck^the'Order of the King of 'Prance. - The Prince of Wales, six dukes, six earls, eighteen barons; accompanied; ii!m. i:7?a [bere Yrora rf -jcnigllts -alld otherliabihty from eighfr-fco nine' hundred liorfio id ^ ^the..procession.. He passed through the streets .of.. London, which ; were , all handsomely-: decorated : withtapestries and ' other, rrich hangings.; there were nine' 'fountains in rCheapside and other Btreets he passed; ithrough: that ran perpetually with white and ;red wines. The whole cavalcade amounted ; :to six thousand horse, .that escorted the duke from the Tover to WeBtmiuster " The coronation of Henry VII. was not. (characterised by anything special, but that of his queen,- Elizabeth, in : J46r, was remarkable on account of the .procession ;by, water, from the pakce.tf Greenwich to the Tower; intead of fromiWestminster as nsuah' One of" :tbeprocessional barges carried anextraordin ary: figure in the. shape of a monstrous red dragonf from the moutb of which streamsof firegushed: out into the river. . Bluff King Hal .mayihe passed over with: the remark • that his coronation was : celebrated with . brilliant *f justs "and tourmes,'?; which th?.t, monarch and his queen viewed from '' a faire houBeTeoveredwith tapestne;"; Of Edward 71., Hohnshed informs o»; 'tHe.rodethroughLoudGiiintoWestinlnster' withas^reat rolaltie as might be. . • . As he passed on- ihe'south partrof ,Pauleys Churchyard, an ArgoBine came irom the battlements of Paule 1 * Church-Aipon a -cable, being made fast to an -anchor by the Deane'e gate, lying on his breast, aidmif himself neither with hand nor.foot, audafter ascended to the middest of the cable, where he tumbled and played many pretty toies; whereat the; king -and ihe:-nobles .had great; paBtime." When at the coronation the three .swords.typical of' the three -kingdoms were, brought to be borne before him, Edward -remarked that there was yet one wanting, and called-for the bible. " That," said he, " is the Eword of the Spirit, i and ought m all right to govern us. who use these for the-people's o safety by God's appointment;- -Without that sword we are nothing: we can do nothing^ From that we are what we are this day. v i we receive whatsoever it is that we::at this presentdoagBume. Under that we oughttohve, to fight, to govern the people, and to perform all our affairs: from that -alone we obtain all power; virtue, grace, salvation, and what soever we have of Divine strength." , Mary was the first female sovereign of this country, and Bhe was crowned on the 1st October. 1553. The Archbishops of Canterbury and York both being prisoners m.the Tower, the ceremony was; performed by Gardiner, Bishop of Winchester. As usual, St. Paul's Cathedral made « considerable show on the day of the procession, and amonest the curious sights to be witnessed was " one Peter; &'Dutchman, that stood on the "weather-cock of Paule's -steeple, holding a streamer m his hand of five yards long, and waiving thereof,-stood sometimes on the one foot and shook the other, and then kneeledon his knees; to the great marvell: of all people. He had made two scaffolds under him, one about the crosse, having torches and streamers set on it, -and another over the ball of the crosse,-likewise set with streamers and torches, which could not burn, the wind was so urest. The said Peter had sixteen pounds, thirteen shillings, four pense for his costes; and paines, and all his Btufie." . It is said that Qneen Elizabeth -oompoEed the following prayer aa she went to her cqmonation0 -Lord Almightie and ever- lasting God, I give Thee most hearty thanks , thatThonhastheene so merciful! Jinto me as • tospare.me to heboid this ioifrilldaie;;-And £ acfenosvledge ihat Thou ha^fcdealtwonder-; fulhe and aa mereifuihe with Bie asThoudidet with Thy true and faithfnll'servant Darnell, Tby prophet, whom. Thou deliveredst out t£o den from the cruelhe of the greedy and roaring- lions. Even stf was I overwhelmed, and: only by Thee delivered. To Thee, therefore, onelic be thanks, honour- and praise, for over. Amen." James I. superintended the arrangements for hiB own coronation, wherem he displayed many .marks of the pedantry and extravagance which formed so; prominent a feature in.his character. He created two earls, ten. barons, sixty-two Knights of the'. Bath, and conferred "the honour of knights hood on no. less than four hundred gentlemen. His-successor, the; allrfated ,,Charles I., was crowned twice—in 1626 m England; and in 1C33 in Scotland. .-.•-.'-. The Presbyteriansha-rang invited Charles II. to Scotlandj he was crowned at Seone, ' January 1; • 1651. A very . extraordinary, sermon was preached on this occasion by " Master Bofcert jDowglas, minister at : Edinburgh, Moderator of • the. General: •Assembly, from 2 Bangs xl, verses 12— 16." He , deUvered'. a •;,bitter phihppic • against the parent® of. the young 3dng;and ' went so far as : to compare - his i mother to , the wieted:;Athalwhi, After the ceremony 'was concluded ^ the minister spoke" to Mm: i a -word of exhoriation," bemg; fact, 'an' • orafaonof considerablelength.- ' The only incident worthy of note in ' oon- :riection : with the coronation of James IE ir ' that, on the fang's return fromthe Ahbey, the crown tottered upon his head,, and' would :have fallen ofi had it not been for the timely •aid of th6 Honourable Honry Sidney, who ihastened to support ;it,raying; " This is not the first time our family have supported the <srown!" 1 At the coronation of William and Msry, •the Bishop of: iondon officiated inste'ad of the Archbishop. of Canterbury; the" latter objeotmgto-place rthe crown upon the Head; iof sovereigns who claimed'it -by a'^parUa-' mentary title; and not by- hereditary descent. This was the first occasion on-which hoth Jang and queen were orownedas sovereignE: Anne's coronation was a very prosaic affair, and the=aetaal kiss ' of pB'ace was only; jgiven by her Majesty to the archbishop and other prelatcB. George-L was not acquainted 1 with the'Enghsh language, and very fewoi( those nearAitolmew anything of GemiSh^ jthe cereiHOBies attending his-ooroBationiad;"- iherefore, to be explamed sto fhim;- through 5 sthe medium of •Buch-Latin as; those arouiid 7 him could muster. . ;Tlus - circumstance' gttve i, rase :to : a- jeBt • which was very,^popular for" some time afterwards, to the «fiect that much S5a3 language had p&ssedhetween; the &igimd; his ministers ®n the day of coronation. < Nothing, occurred ,at the coronation of George H. and his ^ueen Caroline to give any: variety or mterest:to;the scene; but aourionB anecdote exists concerning that ot his'saOcessor; George HL - We ®ve an eitract from; the'^Gentleman'«:Magazme"'for 1764,twhich: contams the copy: of a letter addressed to ths Dnke of Devonshire:—'JThe Soung Pretender'; himBell was in Westmmster Hall during the coronation, tand^anvtown -twojor ithree days? before and jafter it, under the name of 'Mr. Brown.;, :A-:gentleman-told'jne so, who saw' him. there, and who ; whispered ? m 'his ear, 'Tour Eoyal Highness is the last of all \- mortals --whom I should-expect to'isee here;? Vlf was:cnriosity,4hat:iedme,'. : ,said-the other;; .', but I assuro you,' added he, ' that the person" who ie the ^ause of all this pomp and magnificence is the man I envy the least Wr When the gauntlet was cast down by the: champion lor the last time, a white glove fell,' '-from one of: the spectators, who was in aw elevated position, This was duly handed to the ohampion, who demanded to "know " who pas his lair -foe'" It is said that ihe'glove who was present in feminine attire. 4 In concluding this-paper there remains one; wish to he uttered—it is that many years may 'passsawayibefore ithe- occasion arises JorTeour ehromflersitojbneythemselvea'.'withthejpar-S iioulara of yet another crowning) TEB SrsmcijiCB OT 'jtaEE ®EP0BTS.-r; Canard Ton Castle, 