Parliamentary Paraphrases. _ On Thursday, at half.past 3 o'clock, the Speaker took bis chair as prescribed, and Mr. Bailey asked the Secretary for Public Works whether he liad any objection to pro duce a copy of the Ministerial telegram sent to the Mayor of Maryborough and others, stating that be (Bailey) was obstructing tbe passage of the Gympie railway. It is, of course, a fearful mystery why Mr. Bailey singled out Mr. Thorn to challenge about political telegrams. Mr. iborn, of course, was au injured innocent, and was not aware of auy such telegram having been sent. Through some defect in the construction of Mr. Bailey's mind, be did not appear to have that conviction that Mr. Thorn is superior to prevarication, wlndi some idiots hold ; and, at the first chance, bo moved the ad journment of the House to detail his wrongs. Within two days fifteen telegrams bad been sent to Maryborough, charging bim with, obstructing the Maryborough and Gym pis railway. Mr. Bailey read a few of the comments wircil back by his friends. It ap pears as though the receipts of tbe Telegraph Department will show a handsome increase next quarter, for to all appearance Biiley got about as many telegrams about the Go vernment messages, as thore were messages themselves : and, w]ieu 1 take into consider ation that each of the original senders would get a reply wired, aud that Bailey would un questionably send back his views to his cor respondents, 1 think the net receipts from this source alone, at a penny per word, could not fall far short of sixty messages of twenty words each on an average— say 1200 words— wail, £5. The telegraphing was uot the worst of it, according to Mr. liailcy. A journalist from Maryborough came down, and he and tbo Premier had it sort of tn-o-liorso witches' Sab bath, concactinc misobicf ajwinst Bailcv aud virtue; and that journalist, on emerging [roin these uuboly lustrations, immediately [?reduced the sort of article which a witch s cauldron inigUt be expected to yield. A ' most furious, lying, and slanderous at tack,' was hoiv it struck Mr. Bailey, and struck him pretty bard to, 1 should judge From his outcry. Then the Gympir Times liad a telegraphic message to the same effect, with a reinarkablo addendum, viz:— 'The Suvernment will probably get a dissolution in the Railway lleserves Bill.' Mr. Bailey thought tbat was inspired if anything ever was. Shows how poor bis literary judgment must be. It doesn't Btrike me as savoring of inspiration. I pre fer Milton, now, or Shakcspenro for instance, nnd could quote pages, of matter with fifty times the stvl*. of inspiration. But Mr. Uailpy was evidently slightly off his bead, a Little with irritation, or lie would never have ventured on such a fearful utterance as fol lowed, to the effect that bis constituents 'might be peraons of. only ordinary intelli cp&o.;' Only ordinary I Not gifted, with the' extraordinary intoUigenoe which enables M r. Bailey to illuminate tbe realms of thought from tho— tbe gat-pipe of his intellect. M r. Polliornw said ho nnnld foal («-- XT. Bailey (just as if Mr. Bailey were, ft fioa). He too had been telegraphed at, not for opposing, but for su,pf-oi*fng tho Ministry Iu illustration, of, his pitiful case Mr. Petti grew larrated a sort of political ghost story about a tall man who haunted bim on the railway, and on being seen vanished with a strong smoii of brimstone— or tobaooo, or ifcomefhiiu. I am not clear as to the exact facts of tjbia taje of terror, which approaches Gdgar Foe's best efforts, bat tjhert is « ghastly tpiaode in It aboat a man's leg ap pearing on the floor of a railway carriage. «y rim I «W nuta out, Mr. Pettigre exorcised the lanky demon by suddenly say ing to it, ' How do you feel ?— Telegraphing, is it?' This appaling narrative naturally horrified the hearers to snch au extent that Mr. Douglas' hair curdled spd Mr. Morgan's blood stood up on end— the end of his nose. Mr. (iraliam was the first who recovered his self-possession and hysterically made believe to discredit the ghost, and even to snieer at the phantom leg. He thought Mr. Petti ijrew, if he was afflicted with such, awful ex periences, might bave spared the House from partaking ill his unhappy visitation. They didn't want to have their flesh set creeping at his demoniacal autobioeraphv. As to Mr. Uailey's complaint, everyone knew the Minuter for Works bad a weakness for telegraphing. Any how, Mr. Bailey was always talking against and voting for the Ministry. The Premier apparently thought the oppor tunity for drawing complicated distinctions too good to be thrown away, and raised an ingenious fog about telegraphing pro-paid and unpaid — as a Minister aud as a private indi vidual. His argument appeared to be that by paying a penny per word for a telegram instead of using an O. H.M.S. form and paying nothing, and by signing plain ' John Jouilos.' iu lieu of ' Secretary for Lands.' he could manage to divest his messages of any significance as to his political standing, so that the recipient would never give a thought to the circumstance that the sender was the Premier of the colony, and the sub ect was tbe rcstivcuess of a supporter in Parliament. Mr. Morebead, after reproving tlio Premier for the verbosity which on occasions like this that gentleman enjoys so keenly, Btated that Mr. Long, late a candidate for the Bowcu electorate, bad had repeated to him by the Secretary for Works the exact words of every telegram addressed to him vrith reference to the election. This Mr. Thorn denied, and Mr. Morehead re-affirmed, staking Mr. Long's veracity agaiust that of the Hou. George. The Telegraph Department he denounced as leaky ami Mr. Tboru as rcceivingthe dripping, and ' babbling' them at the corners ot the streets. Tho Colonial Secretary thought it hard times that such charges should be made, and was oheered on protesting that he wouldn't have a fiupcr in any euch dirty pie. He didn't believe George was guilty this time. If he did he would change bis name from Miles to Walker, and Mb office to round the corners — affected by the babbling Minister for Works. Those were not his words, I admit ; I question whether a reference to tlic Wnlker family i« Parliamentary. But I have con veyed Mr. Miles' sense. Tbo worst of Mr. Miles' sense is that it to ' common.' [To he continual.] 