SELF AND PARTNER. Mit Citoüiir had arrived at that time of lifo at which sensible men, whilst Ihctr linbitt« mum« a strictriosss bcgtti to indulge in n laxity of drei», and wear ample waistcoats and roxy boot». Ilia feature» and. portion betokened the man who knows what to eat, drink, and avoid; who livra generously, and nt thc «ame time takes cure nf himself; and who has been engaged In die cultivation of Epicurean philosophy f' r tome eighteen or twenty year«. In hi» hale, rugged coun- tenance, you could tend soundness and alamina, while the ' crow's feet1 nt the angles of Ida eyes Intimated to you that he W«B no chicken. _ - - Mr Crnsbv pciasessod n competence, and a commis- sion in her Majesty's corpB of Gentleman Pensioners ; ho lived In chambers, and dined at a club or n'roffee hause. Thus far In the way of lifo had Mr Crosby marched on without Impediment ; that is to any, un- married. Hut tho period had now arrived nt whioh lt occurred to him that if ho meant to marry at all. he hnd better do lt. He did il. Five years afterwarda . he ives seen in Cork- strcot, llurllngton Gardens, sur- veying wistfully the exterior of thc Blue Posts j in predicament, though not In nppenrniice. resembling , tho Perl nt the Gate of Paradise. Ilscomèd aa though ho had buried himself in wedlock, and no*, like some unquiet ghost, had returned to virit thc scenes of his former life. , Ile had evidently exchanged n state of ; singlo blessedness for tim reverso'; and he thus related tho story of lila griefs to an old acquaintance! who accosted him:- ... ; ! 1 * ïpko my advice, ait ¡ never marry. You « ill auk how I came to do aof For the brat reason, sir, that a man can have for committing an aol foolUh in itself. There waa beauty, air;.there was temper; there were accomplishments; and some money. I ti aa not nih, air. I looked before I leaped ; but, air, I never should have taken the leap. I did not marry in haste, slr, although 1 am repenting at leisure. I consulted with _ my friends, who agreed that I waa doing a gund thj«jpM| I disobliged nena of mr relatives, air, except nephew, my heir presumptive. I waa nnt fnol^^H ly tn love, sir, either,. The case was thia ¡ I folt ti^^H of living one. ; I believed that my laundress chon^^B mer I waa convinced Oiat they «tolo my tea and BUglSH . [ lost several shirts, and thereat usually came froASJ thé wash without buttons. My tire was frequentflH suffered to go out ; and when I returned home wet IrfBJ the feel I hod to'air my -own stockings. Kow, air, lt ftruck me that by marriage I should avoid these In- conveniences, I hid heard much of domestic manage 'ment ; >and waa Induced to suppose thal it would pto vide good dinners at a trifling expense. I expected, also, that I should Und my boots better deaned, roy clothes better brushed, and the state of my wardrobe, in general, better attonded.to in tho matttmonlal state than in that of celibacy.' I anticipated a better ordered breakfast-table ' than what I had been accustomed to. :In short, air, I looked for an ittorease of comforts, and If I hud not, air, I never , should have changed; ray condition. ' ' Now, sir, my grocery ii not only embezlled, but that by ft monthly nurse, In ' addition lo the servants,' I of whom I am under the necessity of keeping two ; , and my expenditure In that sitíele has increased lon* fold.' It is quite n fiction, sir, ilia; matrimony is ad.. vantagcous to shirts : mine are as butt'onless as ever. Tho Ure in my study is neglected far that in tho ,nur- . scry; and my Bllppera arc Invariably put out of the . way. My wardrobe is lott to regulato itself, thc sér- iants being wholly occupied In dusting caipets and scrubbing floors : and once a-week tho house is turned upaido down, my pápors displaced, and my walking- . stick and'umbrella mislaid, under tho pretence of put- . ting things to rights. I dine, air, one day on a leg ' of mutlnn, and for, half tho, week afterwards on the same dish in vatiutts forma. I can now appreciate tho virtue oi promptitude In walters. I now know what . it la to get a chop cooked at ten minutes' notice-and ; ' let mo loll you, ntr, there aro no mell things aa ohopa ? In wedlock. It la worse than useless to row my ser- vants. Instead of exciting their alacrity, lt only elicits excuses from Mrs Crosby. ' Then with respect lo my 1 breakfast: .my newspaper ls Indispensable to tho com- fort of that meal. I can never read lt In quiet, inter-. , rupted every moment, as I nm, by some frivolous, question or remark. i : ' The annoynnccs arising from my children, slr, are most Intolerable.' They are continually crying, and ».:¡ box on tho car only makes them yell the louder, and my wife join in the concort. Tho best of children aro ' nnly less noisy and mischievous than the ordinary ' run. But all af thom arc subject to teething, whoop- ing-cough, and measles, which render their existence a misery lo themselves and n burdon'to nil around them, except to their mothers and nurses, who, I ; really bolicvc, like tho trouble which they thus occa- . sion. Hut their wretched complaints, sir, are not only troublesome, but expensive. I nm never'without a ' doctor in tho house. WhllBt I wa« a single man, air, . I never; know what medical attendance waa. But ,. women and children nra always ailing. Kot only are my butcher'«, baker's, grocer's, and other billa aug- mented, but their number is increased by a doctor«,: bill, with nothing to show for lt. And whon I was married, air, I found out, for tho Brat time, what rates" , and taxea are, ? Between oursolvca, »ir-I don't mind telling you- 1 I gat about two hundred n year with Mrs Crosby ; but my additional cxpondituro BO far exceeds that I nm obliged to deny myself many enjoyments. I hnvo givon up my dally pint of wino and I no longer smoko. Thus, air, haa matrimony not only not In- creased my comforts, but haa deprived me of those , that I already possessed. Instead of being able to ' take my atroll, to eeo the eights and learn the nowa ' of tho day, I now find myself rosolvlng myself, ai I go Into a Commllteo of Ways and Means. Slr; the' worry-this ceaseless wear and tear nf the brain-dc. , prives a walk of Its legitímalo and constitutional chnraoter. Sir, depend upon lt that ia a mlatako to >. marry for comfort. I find myself obliged to resign my own and consult those of others. A single man, sir, hos only himself to take care of; a married ona has ta tako caro of hi« wife and family, I made what overybody considered a prudent match. Slr, there aro no aueh things aa prudent matches. I am ns miser- ' able, slr, ns I could have bcon if I had married for lovo. So do you romain singlo, sir, If you hare a regard for Number One, for tn matrimony you will find, sir, that you will have to care for Number Two. 