CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION OF TASMANIA. TuEsDAY,' MAILa C 1Tsu, 1877. A preliminary meoting took place at procood ngs! I'At1 7'30-t ielibpiii g, sose-, llon of ministers amid' dbloeiatos was hold C atPrinoo's SqttaroCongregational Church, C when' members of the various churches Ia and other visitors were also preseott in the at body. of the church. The Rov. J. 1W. tr Shnkhird,'of Pontvillo, President for theo a p~ y br,,ocupied tlio chair; and there wior on or neaor the platform, tile Rovs. WIV. Law, O. Price, WV. C. Itobhiison, 'J. ti Nisbot,J. . Sihulmoas,J. M. Bayloy, B.S. TI Bird, and 4L :W., Bradnoy. The service ie was commenced by ainging a hymn, road th. out by the Rev. Mlr Bayloy who also read no part of Ephosians Iv. Prayer was offeroed is by thRov. [ ?. Bradnoy. m Reov. .W. Simmons, as S?rotary, road vi the roll of ministers and delegates as fol- re lows;- 'o. BUrightoe-Rev. J. W. Shipphird. 'fan .Nel Town-Rev. J. Nisbut. eta Memorial Church, Hobart Trown- Rov. ory Wi 0: Roblihson and Mossrs J. Lumsdon, w Vhitin, and J. Withrington. dit 'Darey-street Church? 'H'obart Town- w Rlev. B. S. Bird, andMfessrs Jas. Salier vid and A.. J. Taylor. it Uaion Chutrc, H-obart Tjwn--Rov. J. bot W. Simmons. tai Jlon-t-Rev. J. M. Bayloy and Mr Os- art borne Geoves. jec Tamar- street,Lactunccsto-Rov . Price, 7 and Messrs D. Room, W. Gurr, T. Ridge. age Printtce's Square, Lattmceston-lRov. NV. rap Law, and Messrs Jno. Stooeer, E. Diokins, whi C. S. Button, II. Button, A. N. Spong, the P. L. Fysh, J. Popper, A. W. Birchall, dos and L. Fairthorno. lysI The rev. gentleman said he had received itt a tologram from the IRov. Mr Moll at Tite Longford intimtating that he had boon pro. pri, vented coming on through indisposition, and but he hoped to be present next day. it t Rev. IV. Law said he had the pleasing Cit duty to introduce the Rov. M. W. Brad. of r noy, a member of the Congregational and Union of Victoria, and he had to ask the prit members of this Union to be kind enough T to give him a seat amongst them during oxrp the present session. BIr Bradnoy ihad utin boon rendering good service on the North- bont West Coast, andl he was glad his services as a had been acceptable there. He was also tons about to render some further service on dire theo Coast. extr The President welcomed Mr Bradnoy the to the Union. sion eov. IV. Law then introduced Mr ours Alderman Naylor, of Kiddorminster, tine Englanid, as a visitor, he having come to viou the colonies for health purposes. Mr of n Naylor had brought with hint a letter isola from the Rev. Mlr Dale, of Biriuingham, ordi: also a letter from the Rev. Mr HunIs- of worth, his own minister, speaking of his woue valuable services as a member of the iuon municipality of the town of Kidder- part tinstor, and also a member of the Finance spea Committee of the Congregational Union it.' of England. iHe (Mr Law) was sure they their were all glad to see Mr Naylor, and he live asked the President, on his behalf; to To give him a seat with them at the present wor bittings. . self The President,. in the name of the cult Unioni also gave this gentleman a hearty mini welcome. ' ?.*f satis Mr Lawi said they hoped to have speeches frorh' their two friends at the N, public meeting at the Town Hall on crusa Thursday night (applause). om' Nov. dr Sitpphird then said it only tthoa roemained for him, as President for the stea' past year,., to retire in favor of his situ- Ciur cessor, the Rev. 'V;. . Robinson. The qes past year had been one of unbroken anion es and peace, and in introducing.his successor intro he had only one wish--not that there lac might be greater union and peace-but place that there might be more work (a laugh). ttey 'The now President then entered the pult- to p pit, and asked the audience to join in sing- thei sngwhich he Was sure they would do hear- ting tily,the 800th hymn, commoncing they Stand up I stand up for Jesus 1 in Ye soldiers of the cross i . rce . Lift high Ilia royal bhntor- ' It taust not suffeor loss I,. apo Ti'o rev. gentleman ,'ihn delivored the t 'INAUGURAL ADDRESS perl as follows :-' of t BRET ? EN AND FRIENDs,-Having ap- sso pointed me to the position of President Ito of this Union, you 'will expect me, in and opening.the'session, to address you upon froi soms subject of interest and importance cult to the Congiogational body. With a doe- trl ire to ansiwor, in some measure, this ox- rose rectatioi I'shall' spbak of " the Church, infl it' ministers, and its ministries," a sub- han joot presentilg a wide field, and one which, on account of its comprehensive-. I' ness and manifold bearings on. Christian work, demands the fulness and elabora-: tion of a treatise, rather than the brevity the of' a presidential address. " , ' no 1n0 Taiition, " ' o, Every theory of a Chiritian 'churchi ma assumes that a church is a tangible repro- tim aentation of religion, that:it is composed syn of, individhal members who are,, in some li' sense, to be considered -religious.' The one religion desiderated may be no more than it a lifeless formalism, or a gorgeous and cleo artistic ritualism ; it may consist' in' a "n conservatism that holds, with iron grasp,: sp to a traditional orthodoxy, or in the claim COh of sacerdotal prerogatives roctived in un- pee broken lineal descent from the Apostles; wh or it may be that state of mind and heart atd whose only claim 'to recognition is the rep seal of heaven, the humble trust and upt fervid aspirations of a soul which, under gift a deep sense of its unworthiness, rests po wholly upon the-infinito: merits of tho be crucified and risen Saviour. "' ' and "`Religion is oersonal. I do not mean mit by :this that it is ~ matter which so ox- an .clude everything 'outside of a man ox- not ceepting God,' that it can be said to, be a has .somehing that conorristmnly God and a sea man's own souL, Strictly speaking this is in cn impossibility." No man can beinde-o art pendent in his religion. God speaks to wo anan's hooart through the instrumentality coo of man.' If we go: to the Bible, God Gh there speaksto us through patriarchs,and 1 prophietat'ad abostles."lf we expreossour coh feelings mn sacred song we are not alone, co foi our spirit is elevated by spiritual com- of snunion with thlswriter; oevoery devotional or page wo.read,.every meetin. for worship, co testifies .to us:shat in relihgion i.we are su dependent. upon ;,: othler minds, and do uponri agenoes, .without ourselves.. q The'effect of those agencies is the stirring o up of thought and feeling, 'the production o0 of a religious conscsousnoeas, ithe awaken- t. ing of a strong,; personal.interest in the aoulin allthings pertaining to God. This s istawhatwe call personal experience, and w in this sense religion is a personal 'thing. f But as this:personalrolihgous life is con: i 2nethd With; and depetdent upon other i rosn" iad other 'spirituoal'lives, ovec. I nrtn'a spritul life is, of noeossit'; a umttt of tbse whole of that spiritual life' whichl isonstitiites the chureh. Individual pro t fessieoi as the result 'of strong, sertous convictionts,.ia an outward representation of that life;: and the, aggregate of those who make this profession constitutes what we tsually understand by the term, the Chiirch .of ' Ohrist. In this sense the Apostle Paul uses the word in writing to the OCcrinthinn Christians-" Unto the Church of God, which is at Corinth, to thelist tiit' are sanctified in Christ Jesus, eilltd to bp ain?a, with all them that in ejiyry plake call isu n the 'mo of Jesus Christ s pj?Lpl :bphtl thpJry';AU o ours,; With this agreesthe ninetoeentlh article of the Book of 1Ceiqunonto rayr, whi," deolines a visible eblithrdcl t, o h 'congroe at ?atlon of faithful men; inwhich the pqyr ro |Vprd of God id proached,' and the Sacra ;. , inents are duly'adnlliatored accordin4 to ld Christ's' . ordlnanc, .Too ;oetiro arisible' ; Church . of Christ is compbsed of' the Swhole of these congregations of tho faith- t Sful ; and it is of the ministers and minis tries of this visible church I .intend to a speak. . .. o' ruIIUOlI OOYrNMIOINT. Religion in its progress, as ln its incep- f tion, is dependent' upon external means. t These are as essential to spiritual develop- I inllot, as' moisture and sunshine are to the growth of i plant. God has not pro- I nounced upon aiything theo doom of it isolation. All parts of external nature are related, to each 'other, and each indi vidual portion is depondent upon all the rest. So it' is with, man-physically, N socially, mentally, spiritually. The ti family 'is, made up of individuals, the gi state of, families. Without the family qi organisation and authority, the state ao would, in a short time, fall into a con- w dition of anarchy.' As regards the church, all which is the Kingdom of Christ, indi- 1i vidual chlurches bear the same relation to pc it that families do to the state; and w' both' churches and families, while con- so taming, in tlhemsolvos an loinement of th authority for self-government, are sub- wt ject to it supreme law. al The condition of society in the middle th ages, the ignorance, and cruelty, and ot, rapacity of rulers, and the false position no which churchman assumed in relation to oil the state, culminated in an ecclesiastical in despotism more rigorous and para- coi lyeing than any other that has, cla in lany ago, oppressed' the world. ali The assumption of the position was due, Th primarily, to two things : civil misrule wo and ecclesiastical ambition; the abuse of an' it'aroseo out of the spiritual power of the in Church, which clanned the prerogative on' of remitting sins. ItModimval ignorance thi and stagnation of thought favored. these an; preotosionson . Ca The Reformation. did much towards an exposing ,the *fallacy, and freeing the frc minds and souls of men from a twofold sun bondage;-intellectual and spiritual. But say as a bow suddenly relieved from extreme str tonsion /will spring far in an opposite ing direction, so the mind rebounds from one to extreme to another, and especially is this 2 the case when the change is from oppros- ant sion to liberty. We cannot conceal from ly ourselves that the tendency of modern tiums is. towards a rejection of all pro. the viously.acknowledged . authority, a claim ofl of mental independence borderng upon wvh isolation. " Many disolaim altogether the tiv ordinances of religion; they would be free firs of both ministers and churches ; they Pa would deal.with God alone, have no com- an' mnunion with the saints in worship, be no (2 parties to Church organisationa, and wa speak of Church work only to condemn (2 it.' Such men either starve their souls by an: their seclusiveness, 'or, like vampires, fro live upon the life-blood of the churches. sot To poison 'either body or mind is easy an' work; one ihihich any man inflated 'witlh we self-importance may carry on. The difll- un culty is to detect the virus, and to ad- Ap minister such an intidote as shall work a me satisfactory cure; . ECOLESIASTIOAL STATUS. dot Nor is it only by those who, with Pro crustonn kindness, would make us all Tit comb up to the Romish standard, or tic those who professedly 'denounce all why standards, that, as ministers of the in Church, our right to exist is called in' 0 1 question. There aroe, not far from overy one of us, clergymen who are seeking to ace introduce mediwval superstitions in the tioa place of Scripture truth, who modestly apI publish with their own lips that they and to tihey only, have boon divinely appointed Ti to preach the Gospel and to administer the ordinances of the Church. ArSr-ap ting to themselves 'exclusively this right, they denounce as guides to perdition the it ministers of other churches who have not received, through the mystic lino"of tu( apostolical succession, the wonderful vir- his tue which they claim to have received of through episcopal ordination. It might, iti perhaps, be considered some mitigation I, of the offensiveness of the attitude thus pr' assumed were it confined wholly to those oro who seek, by putting forth such fictitious hl and arrogant claims to draw attention he from their mential deficiencies and want of culture ; but with a disingenuousness truly lamentable clergymen, who would. X resent. the charge of ignorance, men of influence and good position, are on every hand charged with doing the samre. th A dPOTOLICO suOESSION. e0 If we 'have no right; as ministers,' to Of exist, I suppose that, as men, we have set the right of speech; at any rate, we claim 0o the right, and l intend to use it. We have *m no quarrel with thlose whose 'credulity is 01 so, capacious and accommodating as to y make room for such an obsolete supersti tioi?; biit'would in the most'kindly spirit 5o warn them of the germs of danger which' p lie buried thoroin. This question is not. f one whose importance is circumscribed : it affects all churches ; nor is it one of 1 clerical ascendalcy, but of vital import al Ance in the interests of truth. . It is in- O0 separably connected :with the honour of bI Christ.' : If we preach in His name our all people have a right to demand, "By fr what authority doest thou these things, of and who 'gave thee this authority ?" We um reply that every devoted Christian ,man eo upon whom the Holy Ghost has bestowed li gifts, and sympathies, and longings for hI preaching the gospel; who has, moreover, been called by the voice of the Church, a and by his success given "'full proof of his m ministry," every such Christian man being to a minister, of the Word, though lihe have dl not the stamp of ,apostolic succession all has what is far more to be desired, the If anal of God. MIinisters'mtist be judged br in ?the samo nianner as 'other meri-as h artiats, architects, artisans are, by their c works. No cclosiastical designation can li conslienlato for the gifts ,of the' Holy; t Ghost. - 01 . Upon wh hot unds do:' those who lay ii claim to apostolic succession rest their claims I Will they ' stand the tesat t of ordinary historical oriticism ?I orwill they recede before our attempt to come near to them, and prove no more I substantial than' will o'tlie wisps ?" ' A I Sdesire to deal in all fairines' with .thlia question, not 'striving io "attein ad end for piirty" purposes, I, shall quote' the Sopinmlonl o a somo of the best writiera Sif Sthe Church of-England.. Inhis treatise t " On thie Pope's ;!Supresmacy,",iBarrow l says-" The:'apostolical oHleo, as such, d I was personal and temporary, and there: 2 forie, according to'its nature 'and design' i stt auccessdive or comnunicable to others 1 Cr iii per'pdtial'deasondance ' from them." ' SHd'th~n 'layi dowh among others' thesd it idditiisia as absalutely necessary to he. h fIulfllled,:iii' ory ma.n claiming ahe prei v io- ro atives, , appstolical, succession :.. us "the personanhould have an imniediate on designation and commission from God;' seo i" be able to attest conearning our Lords atl resurrection and ascension,. either imme-. he diately as the 'eloven, or by evident con. he scquence,as St.: Paul;" "be endowed with to miraculous gifts and graces ;" and. quo the ting Chrysostom, ' be able to impart to spiritual gifts.' "Noiw sucnoh an office," us, he continues, "was not designed to con in tinue by derivation, neither did the lsus Apostles pretend to communicate it," of 4 '?that hth matori'tdo notorious' i r ? r ro proof ;"'that' lii this suocessioin o. ?,v rylink of the 'clihin i.s..know.';'" ro hbat .'tthere is not a' b oishol~, ;priest, o" r x caonn, ,whoe cannot, I :i , h to pilc, trace .. his own spiritual loa dos e from St.i Petor or St. Paul.", to Sure , since such. momentous .issues,aro \- deals d to hang upon this sueccssion, a. some no might; if not for his own sakeo, ;a -ot f 'the sake of the' bnlghted 'ones outsei the lines *of setceslon, pleaso to undo ske this pious labbr, 'anm' Loeiir6 i. for hlit self an immortal namo by leading 1\. thousi d into the true fold. An attosqpj ihas be l made to reach the goal by,, a, o shlort ad easy method," ani argumoent consist g of the logical formula, "It f must b because it is." i. AI'PEAL TO 'oRIIPTRe. An a teal has 'also boon made to the New T tamnnt in support of 'tho doe trine. tir Lord's words to rotor, When giving I ti the power of the keys, are quoted 'Whatsoever, thou' shalt bind' on 'earth hall be bound in heaven, and whatsoet r thou shalt loose on earth shall be oosed in heaven" (Matt. xvi., 10). w, whatever ,, may , be the power p tnisod in, those mysterious words, ias a fact fatal to the conclusion sought be deduced therefrom, that the snn promise,.. literally word .for word, e.'opt the necessary grammatical altoratio of the singular "thou" into the plur "ye," is given, not to the other a ostles as well as to Peter, nor to lir it uccessors in the apostolical oflico, b to tihe church itself assembled in Christ's name (Matt. xviii., 18). The concluding verse of this Gospel is also claimed as evidenco-" Lo I am with you alway, even Into the end of the world." Thiis is ovidorily a promise that our Lord" ivould be withtthe Apostles in their work and with those'wiho should succeed them in preachidig lis Gospel, even unto the end of time. , Can it mean more than this? Isay-n'o ;'and I do not see how anyone, unleoa deterinied to make out a case, can find in those words any' hint of an episcopal succession in direct line from thoeApostlos. He who could believo such a thing must be, as Dr Vaughan says, !' person who could give no stronger proof of being capable of believ ing anything which it might be agreeable to Imi to believe." In tie aseo of Timotly, Titus,' and the angels of the seven churches, Dean Stan ley may be accepted as an authority : .!' t is not necessary to prove at length the wholly temporary character of the offioo-if it may be called an office which Timotheos and Titusle hold respee tively at Ephosus and Crete, of whom the first was governor of the church only in Paul's absence (1 Tim., iv., 13, ; i., 3) ; and left it altogether before Paul's death (2 Tim. iv., ) ; and the second was to leave thie island that very winter (2 Tim. iv., 10 ; Tit. iii., 12). Nor can any aoclesiastical institution be deduced from the mention of the 'angels' of the seven churches, in the total absence of any proof for such an application of the word in the apostolic ago, and against the uniform use of it in all other parts of the Apocalypse in its usual sense of a heavenly messenger." pI vain, then, we have searchod for this doctrine in the apostolic commission, the charge of St.' Paul to Timothy and to Titus, and in the address to the Apocalyp tie shurches.' But do the Apostles no where refer to ordination, and the manner in which it' was performed ? Paul does so in writing to Timothy ; and no wonder t he exhorts Timothy to faithfulness on account of the solemnity of his designa tion by the laying on of hands, for it appears to have been a part of his work to ordain "bishops." Then, of course, Timothy himself had beon ordained by the Apostles, or at least by bishops duly appointed by the Apostles ? There cannot be a greater mistake. The assertion that it was so is nothing but " the baseless fabric of a vision;" a dream utterly dosti tute of reality. Timothy was set apart to his work " with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery;" and stranger still as it may appear to us, in the case of Paul, ,when commencing his. special work of preaching unto the Gentiles, he was not .ordained by apostles nor by bishops, but lhe, although an Apostle,himself, was set apart for his work by the laying on of the hands of " certain prophets and toachers" who wore in the Church at Antioch. (Acts "ScIN QUA Now" or OANONlsTs. In passing on to the historical side of this question, 1 shall, by the way, name some of those conditions which, in the opinion of canonists, vitiate the succos sion contended for. According to their own showing, a' multitude of particulars :must.combine in overy case and in an unbroken treamin for eighteen hundred years. An eminent writer says "Canonists have named a considerable series of circuinstances, any one of which proved would suffice to disqualify a man for the episcopal office. Should hoe have happeond to. have been unbaptised ; should he not have passed through the subordinate offices, or not have boon duly ordained to those officcs ; should he have become bishop without consecration, or should he have received consecration from one bishop only, or front a bishop of another province; should he have boon under ago; should he have obtained his see by simony; .should he e convicted of holding heretical opinions; should he have boon elected by force, or should he be given to gambling or intoxication any one of these ciroumstances, not to mention others, would . be enough to occasion a break in the descent of the'- apostolic virtueo and " to ' entail' 'infinite ' disaster.' If in any case only one of these fatal breaks in the' apostolical chain should have occurred the mischief would not be confined to the t.bishop himsblf, hbit he havingbeen thereby deprived of tlhe.mys. tio.benefit of ,the succession, every one ordained by such bishop would, as the lineal descent would have been destroyed, fail of the benefit 'supposed to be deriued therefrom., - But it would be no diflecult Stask to prove that not only one of tile Sabove-named circumstances, but ioevery .oeoOf them has happened. ' HISTOrICOAL TESTIMONY. I will gve you evidence from the ecclesiaatical histories :of Eusobius and ' Socrates. Q uOne : man- ob i tained consecration as a: bishop by drawing three ignorant bishops into a drunken bout ; Melitus, mentioned in the records of the Council of Nice, wont aboit c6diferring ordination after he had been deposed ; and the Council admitted, in a.secondary sense, 'the validity of the orders. Jerome and Gregory Nanzianzum complain of bishoprics obtained by craft, violence, and simony. Ambrose Bishop of Milan, though "'nbaptised and uncon verted," was compelled by 'the' populace to assume the office'of bishop.. Sulpinius Severus complains that all 'was' rendered corrupt by the vices of the bishops. The, horrible debaucheries narrated by Gibbon are too revolting for. comment. Whatever cunning and. -villainy could de vise, whatever violence, fraud, eruelty;, "perjury, lawlessnde, intrigue, obscehity, cold aohieve,: however ;abhorrent' to a nature, whether upon man io woink; was Sdone withidut'roetrait; `' " gallm iq h~ g F workiOh !Tcp lhfiddle Agos," speaki gof the tont;l Ocentury,' says- '"T~li"drcaae h Intrvl is flled U n' In.tthe .annalsý of tle' Papacy by a soris 6f 'rovolutionis -~ind arimes. Six Popes wore deposed, two pur?rpcod, ono' mutilated. ' roquoutly two 0r1eovon threa'- competltdrs, among whon it" 'i',iiot always' possiblo .bytiu0, onunscaritfin tidlstinosiioo the tru I solepierd,; dro'vq' 'each otler,''alternatoly' from t1oety., !,,The corLruption of. the liaod oxtpsdd naiturally to, 'all Othleid niobers "ot'th~I plhrch... All writersO o, Ir. in sAtlgn?tlging ti6e dissolutenoss a1nd' nloet of. deoendytloat 'provailed aminong the clergy.". ,: S ThII ENGLISH OIIUROci. ,u SI know that it is'essorted.by thoso who aro detormined to make out a caso in their own favor, that the Oliurch' tf England dos i'not :dbpond 'iupoe tho Ohdrei'bf aRome for tho.e validity of its orders : that ,it always was Anglo- Catholic. Whatever bpay *be maid, we cannot ignoro' the '~ historical fact athat the 'Church: in b England was wholly under the' b authority of tilio Romish Church for a tl tlousand years, and her bishops .wore: consccrated by direction of the Pope. to Sutgrantinig; for the 'sake of argument 'p ;all'that is claimed on this point, we shall 'm1 Mhid that very grave reasons still roomain for doubting the claim of apostolical'san- h cessiosn. Lord lilacaulay, in.his "Essay ai on' Ohurch and State, ' after narrating V various facts in connection with English p cclesiastical history, says-" We are, t therefore, at a loss to conceive how any 01 clergyman can fool confident that his n ordors -havo come' down "ctrrectly.i r Whether hoe be a successor of the tl apostles depends upon an immense num. 1c bcr, of. such, contingencies as these : w whether under King Ethoelwolf a stupid y' priest might not, while baptising several ac scores of Danish prisoners, who had just ea madel their option between the font or the vI gallows, inadvertently omit to perform ti the rite on one of those graceleossproso- of lytos ; whether in the seventh century an b+ impostor who had iover, received conses- i cration might not have passed hiimself off w as. a bishop on a rede tribe of Sfots' P whether a lad of twelve did really, bya ceoremony huddled over when lio'was too tl drunk to know what he was about, convoy ol the episcopal character to a 'lad of ton. pl Since the first century no loss, it. all pro- cc bability; than a hundred thousand ?ersons n have exercised the functions, of 'bshops. g That many of those haveo ,ot boon a bishops by apostolic succession iasquite t certain." ' fc 'At the Reformation all Englislh lhishopi o had their commission from Henry VIII. w Tillotson, Archbishop of Canterbury,' was a not baptised, nor was he ordained to the T lower orders of the priesthood'; nor ?ere ci Arlhishop Seeker and Bislhop'' Butler,' fie bot h.of..whoma were sons of' Noiicoi n formists, ba?tisod; and about twenty of m tie bishops hold office without being con. di secrated. Archbishop Usher says the tI -sccession "leas no certainty of history." I Stillingfloot says "the succossion is as ea muddy as the Tiber itself. The records tl are lost; we cannot trace tie succession II of the British Churches." PI At the accession of Queon Elizabeth I w the whole of the bishops were deposed, B, and only one out of the whole number- 13 Anthony Kitchen, of Llandaff -took the w5 oath of royal supremacy. All 'the other i bishops were appointed by the Queen's to commission, without ecclesiastical ac. er thority. The British Qcarterly com. he mneeting upon this signiflcint fact, us says, "If the hierarchy, r Con vocation represent thi Church, then to tihe old Church of England cameo to an Wi and at thebeginning of Elizabeth's reign, at and a now church entirely distinct from tie the old one was constituted by royal sa authority." Archbishop Parker was con secrated byfourbishops not in ofilcoe, but deprived of; jurisdiction, civilly. and di ccloaesiantically, in the previous roeign ti Theoir only authority was that given by. ( Elizabeth and not-one of them believed in'apostolical succession. Barlow, who was really the consecrator, said that any ' layman being learned, if appointed by g royal authority, would be as good a bishop as any in England. d UNOnccISTlAN AND UNTRUe. We omay easily understand why the early writers of the Anglo-Catholic move 'ment cautioned their roadors not to be 'too curiois about this subject, but to as. cept it as true. It would be safer to as sume the trutlh of it than to tryto prove it. How different this from our Lord's "P principle-" He that dooeth truth comoth to the light." A system, moreover, that 'places a church in antagonism towards other churches, that unelurch es the greater part of' the Protcs tant bodies throughout the world, boars not upon its standard the device that shall be unfurled in every land- t "By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples indood, if yo have love one to another." Unchristian it is because un clharitable and untrue. One may as well strive to come at the foundations of the rainbow, or to grasp the unsubstantial air, as hope to find a historical basis for the theory of apostolical succession. THE TRUE BUCCESSION. Apart from episcopal ordination, how- i over, there is a grand truth which is the' I heritage of the whole' Church of Christ. e He who at the first choso His apostles, appoints His ministers now. In the midst of the golden candlesticks He con tinues to superintend the aoliirs of His Church. Thce authority that appointed apostles and prophets also gives evan golists and pastors and teachers ":for the perfecting of the saints, for the work' of the ministry, for the ddifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith arid of the 'knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure' of the staturo of the fulioss of Christ." This is a synopsis of Chlirist's arrangement for the ministry" of His' Church until it shall. attain .unto that glorious fulness which He has designed, which' fulness shall conatitute the porfec tion of the 'oy which He had brfdrs him when Ho endured the Cross, despising the 'shame. 'Weo; have a right to demand of thoseo,,who make tthe ministerial office --.its vra lidity and efoficiency-to depend.. upon episcopal ordination, that--they. ashould show us that episcopacy, such as they now contend for, existed m the' time of -the Apostles. So ftr .from' this beiniglthie case, we have on' this' point' no reliable historical data which fixes it 'earlier' than the middle of theo third century ;,and Seven than'the title of epiecopse, president or 'overseer, was'given to tho presiding prosbyter, as Hilarius says,1 '. hio enim episcopus est, qui inter, prosbyteros primus est.'5 '. Olaimingnas we do for ourselves ana the ministers of other churches 'the right to exercisethe gifts with which God has on dowed us for the sacred offioe which we ill, it becomes us to make full proof of doi ministry. TIlE MINIBTRIES OF TIE OCiUROII . -, An office without work iould be like a body without life, a troo without fruit, a central sun destitute of light and force. Although there are men who affect.to depreciate a preaching ministry, they cannot deny that Christ's commission was, "Go into all the world and preach [the Gospel unto every creature ;""in 4 acgordgnco with lphioh ~'ael said, '"Ohtýit if lntume niot: baptise, but to preaeh the y Gospel;" and f':tlio.oarlieot diroilplos, spattored throdgh porsoition, it is ro Scoirdd "that 'thdy .travelled to various liscaos' "1 pioabliing the Word,"" pirachli. hg the Loid Jesus." The Apostle Paul wrote' to' tlie orinthiahs, "It pleased GOddby' theo fiblislcoss 'of proachlug' to' savio ' those that blloeved:"' And,' again, 'f ForI dfptormined not to know anything cimontg' you,' save Jeuus Christ, and Him oruciflod." To Timothy ho"'ay, 'fI chargb thee before God, 'aid the'ILord 'Jouso Chriit, wihoshall' jhdge the'quick 'ai'd'tho'dead''cat Hois appeaing'and lis' lfingdod , proeh' thO Word.j be instant' I seeaon, 'out ofeeoasdc" 'Ou chiof'.w lprk blritlhrn,", 'doiilelcied 'hltljq' New Tdhta-' mit, ':ie to'pirdah:Oli ift',' tto pr'olhili'to all' ii"'t '"the' glorious g'gbepel' 'of 'thd' bloesso? God." r 1,1!~il ,.r n,, itUl~tijn IBTuare( t"1 " .": t::. But, when Iassortithat our chlof ,dty. as miniptera is,to preach? the .gospel;; far bo it from me to circumscribo that gospel' by any eeoleolastical lines, or mould it in the. matri,,of t ,ony,.bo.; it:sthe i most ortsodox,creed.. ,,God. must,be greater than,man's :mind, deeooper -than' the .most 'profound, yaster.a.than genius. the (amost 'sublime. ,,An astronomer,..traces, with, mathematical acouracy, the coursos of' the heoavenly bodies, determines their volume. and'their weight, caloulates their.motions, volpoities, disturbing:influences, and copn-. peonsations, penetrates the secrets of ..na terialt composition and chemical forces, and writes a book about thoso.and other mysteries, ,and his book,: however ..acou rato.apdcoompreheonsive, is .no more than the impression of, his, oiwn, limited, intel loot;, a' to the formsaand motions, of worlds, comprising, the ;physical .uni-l verse. That book would very . in iadequatly represent j;Gqd's vast embodied thought. 'Such books areoinr' valuable, and in the case of most men are the only means of attaining a knowledge of astronomy. . But epcellopt as,titoy may bd,' they lire 'n'it'thli6 niverse, iseolf. In like manner that 'woriderful astritur'o which a quarter of a'entury t ?co was 'so popular. in .London-- the "Globe," in Letcoster Square-not only presented to the oeye'in gigantic 'outline the countries of the oirth,'but 'in: just iproportion the physical appearance of 'the surface.' i One could judgo of 'the comparative height of d mountains and table lands, 'and seoo at 'a glance the plijysical peculiarities of tropical and arctid regions.' Lady Franklin is said to have studied the latter overy day,' andi' formed plans for 'the rescue, if'possible,i of her gallant husband., But this ' Globe" ' was not God's grand world of mountain and valley, of 'ocean and: silvery stream. Theoro was no life there, . no forms of, charming graoofulnbes,'"and 'boanty, no f flowers exhaling fragratico, no' intelloot' no magio power of love. God'sworld anid nuan's world must'over ronlain at infinite n distance,' from each other. If' man's thought cannot.'t reach half-way to God" in His physical revelation, how can' ho expect that he can comprehend Him in the deeper, yea, the :deopest, depths ofa Isis infinite love, 'as revoaled, in the. Gos pol ? The Bible is to us what the physical: world is..to students of 'natural scienc.' Books .will ,holp..us las they do them:. Booksa-gonuine oies-areo': the heights whiich.oarnest,. gifted .men have reached in tho.dificult ascent, that leads to the' temple of truth, from which positions they encourage our lagging steps,, and' lend 'a: holpinghand in our need. : Far be it from I us to undervalue them. .By their aid, as i with telescopo or microscopo,?we may learn l' to perceive facts and truths. which, other-! wise iwev should 'have overlooked-the I student of Nature in, theo. works of. God,'. the student of redeeming love:in" His' " sacred Word. . , REAcOIIINO ', : I The Gospel of Christ, with all'its won drous fulnoss, is the theme of 'ourc minis trations, . For the understanding. of this Gospel we wduld accept "of aid from.all sources. -llustrations flow in upon us on every hand, as sun-rays light up an object on every side. The Gospel, like a perfect gem,, will: bear ,inspection ati;oyery, face 'and evcry, pnglo you need not fear, the discovery of any flaw. Whatever you find in the'Gospol..preach fearlessly, and bo- g cause foarlessly, preach fully; but beware lost you mistake an extraneous refloection for the light of the pure gem. In'ipraching the Gospol we must not take for granted' that our people know all 'aboutit. Why there 'are multitudes of 'piopl who, thbugh the vwobiderful factsof nature have been spread before them 'all their life'long, are'whllly ignorant of theircsignifoanco i so there' are people to whom, the,'Gospl has, '.from 'clhildhood, boon'familiar.wlo have, not, perhaps,. at any one time, spent two consecutive half. hours in serious and prayerful moditation upon its toeachings. ' My brethren, o must preach Christ. It may be accounted old-fashioned, and itching' ears: may be impatient for something now,, but our duty is laid down for us with a' directness and clearness that cannot be qither. over-' looked 'or nistaken-it is to preach Christ' and Him, orolifed.' It 'may, ibe 'old fashioned,, but so.are sunrise' and, sunset, so are summer and winter; still 'we can no' do without them, notwithstanding all the' diicovories' of soience 'and the iimr Iprcvimbnts'in inochanical art.'I" 'lie faot that than'is a 'sinnoeris old-fahioned, and so long as that factremains the Gospel'of the grace of God first preached in cen,' aid, in' purpbse,' 'propard 'befior 'the fondaution bf the world,'will he' ha suit able to hlin'imi'future ages'as it, has' .over beeo in , the 'past." The Gospel 'is aan "'everlasting gosl jd:e"' The Word of the Lord,' vhich by thboeGospel is''pioachoed iinto'" us,.' "endireth "for"' ever. ' In natre .'the oldest, things a:'ire 'thi ' strongest,'; for -.the roeak die !out. Who wearies himself .with: seeooking a beauty softer than the dawn': a.hrightness' bbhbond "the iioo dmiya ydpledldnr, o'1r id pery': morbi',? o"ieacid, gorgeoia tli.nthbs t sunset,, simplyibocaiiso the acm is old.? Or:who ? would4 reject as :old fashioned the perfume of theoviblet, 'tbh music of the? mouiitaii sti?o a 'thd laiighbf ci ohild, or a iuidther'' dlbove. .,,hoseepro all as'pld as tlio. liuman family, andwill ever con tinue ;they are toolproious for the world' to Get them'di' 'oItisuet the same wiphlu' Cthe Goid'eplotf grLordand'Saviout',oeus Iti woula ooneunie too .much .time for, a me ovento hint at.the manner in which c thi? sublime'themo! should b soet forth'; ?ind shbiv hoi every ethor' sblijebt'may bd e dgid?ified'by libeiig oa?ociatel with its .ion I paralleled grande?r. lThoe. preaching dof moral dutie?,p if .,disdociated from the grace of,: hrist, is as unattractive as the indistinct outline of hills soon throughsi. ivintiy- fog.'"I The' Gospel likeo a purer heavenly-light :tints: every"object with l beauty and oglry, and turns dreary'and' distorted forms .i nto'eostroes of the purest enjoyment. Let' usset beforeodor poople the'faotseof the Goespel; as well aos this r grand- old'doctrines of which they are thd foundations ; but chiefly'let' s dwell upoxi \- the theme of, ever deopening iiiterost salvationthrough' the blood of Ohrist, a the forgiveness' ?of isins according. to a the riches of -Hiegrace. " "' - SBeware of uniting with Him in His work. ;o aeything tliat-'shall deprive Him -of His yn glory;let no essential' truth be omitted; n let:nothing, because distasteful'to human, h wishes, or antagonistic to the course" of !n the'world,;' b: even partially'coicealed ; t proclaim. -both • priv~levgee 2eu uties, Ohrist the failnoes ofopq,': and the souroo of t'rpnigtlo, fobr t'bthoe .'."All,paon' of all dlases need :tho .Gospol' It Is adapted to 411, and provided fLor!al--+' the power of God iosto'ealvataIs. "tb 'evry'oneo that In the prehebhi bf.'tli" Gospoel 'w'jest for"hiiccoes'- sl t'upoi tiO'n trongg f our conyictionsi nor.' oeiYttvbonossind livory, ,Wh eniour Lord intructd' h11s Apostles as to the nature of their work, ies p?nltOsil'thiem'the'abiding presoanceof the.b m'Spirf' ",'tltll' ahd said "1o -al testf ,, W.'Th '. G ospel' dis. * peetiosatlistho ."Ministration .of, the ,$plrit', ',". The' true 'power- of' the ' Oolsol'ieis the' ,pooer' of the:' Holy Ghost. "The 'Apostles 'were to walt, bo fot'loe'meii'l , stlioirt labors. ,' Thy birii6' tobled V?in tll nItroth," and:too I "endued, with., power from , on Thigh" a Not truth al? o;, sior the Spirit alone, but' I btth! unitid, constituted thbir qualiflca a tinb'for their wjrli ,, So uyst'it ovbo;; t Withbuit.thlo'piritwe are poworlesd. Ho e as.th'i?.Spirit of Light, and truth; and power," , ai nd :life, and a comfort, 9 can'. propae l" the "' hearts of "the i' hearers foi .'th rpoe'ption"of the'trhth;' ad?pl't tle.itith'to,the?i.,individual need, 0 and -ispiro~the preachler. Let .us over 1t strive t. take the Spirit with"us in 'our ti ministrations,' for our' Htavenly Father P will give hisi 'oly Spirit to;themtht ask' ''UN1ini AsBointa xrarTATIrowa.' SOur sermons' will 'frequently" be do- o clared. wanting.i' 'Mon 'are:sure to make n erroneous :jugtidents'"abdu,.thin'gs'tliey is d9 np 'fully jodorstenda;' and ofteti?t o at hold ? those judginents with i"doggcd' 1i portinacity,. in, proportion to .their un- II so?idness..,; Our sermons and most of;us t hsi;o three to'preach 'woe ?ly to the same d audionce, are by some ho·ors comparedl b with "tl'he' "spdOoial;:' sermons.';'o .reat 0 preachers of other dIys; bor' 'with.'th t ?Idoeo ""obf' 'i'at' orators, each on'o ofd. whi6li"i i "o 'io'soi"seoial, subjet., 'The w iftfereonco 'in the" tw cs' ?s zeas inb con-' sid'ord. ' ',The 'oratdr las,' his" speidal t th'ee-ours'is tho'one gospel. .', He may r tako'wdoks'oi ?ovj in oiitlthirni'orkig'up' I hls' speechsLwo, subjoeted 'as, we 'are to' continual iiterruptions oveni in the short w tim'ririatched from risitatidn'anid"othor tl duties, cannot secure, more than a: few si hours, perhaps1' for' the i'produition of a i sermon. A minister is not unfrenuontly w expected to know 'everything' that any- t' body. in :his congregation' has' made a T spoeial study of, to present the truth he tc has studied, so as to .be equally intolli- a giblo 'and acceptable, to all classes, w to be a means of ,.good to r hearers irrespectivoeof their own prayer- p ful meditation' inid effort;anrid especially to preaoh overybody's opinions, and to suit his discourses to everybody's expo- t rioned. 'A very painful dilemma in which a preacher is occasionally placed is in the crieo 'of porsonsi'having'a regard for re iigion, who through the week are tho roughly_ ongaged in manual labor, or so absorbed in business, as to interfere with d their physical comfort. If such persons ri expoet, the 'Word 'under' theso' circum stanoes to possess a spiritual charm or the power ,of a'physigal stimulaint, they seek in it an elficacy that.God .never endowed it, withr ; .. ' .EvccounAoacinoTas.' it But notwitlistanding, all, these draw- t backs our encouragements are groat. We r believe, tHle"promise' of God'that His a YVord shall 'not' ritun"iiiito Him void. a Thoe Gospel has lost none of; its adcient a power.. It'is the one divine remedy for Ii the 'ills' of our race. It has cgnquered. t TlIo' lowers of darkness live fallen. The 1 enemy seems almost ubiquitous. But in o whatever form, and from whatever source t the. opposition has' arisen or may yet : arise,wehavefaitlh inGod. Philosophy may I 'speculate, dogmatism may decry, modern 'T thought'may present itself in now relations S and demand- the' supremo homage of the r intellect; the current: of civilisatton' may appear to drift men beyond the reach ,of Gospel truth, and sciesncemay claim to N set up a new Gospel. ", Let none of thoseo things move us., God is'with ' us.,,Thoe gold that hass stood the fiery trial of past' conturiesIwill not turn to ,dross in' the hands of the modern alchemist. ;'God's t Alps will still :brveo as fierce storms as t over, played , around; 'the ,head bf Mont' I Blanc. It would be 'quite as reasonable I to fear the overthirow of the monarch' of t mountains as to fear for' the Word of I God; .'Boavenon 'and. earth, may.'pass I away," says Christ, "but my Word shall not pass aay.",.:' , ' .", .: . . '. Many other matters I had intended Ito' include in this address-visitation 'of the' aged, the, sick, the: dying, and;; other:a duties, which, although of. interest ,to: us'. as ministers, would2 'if now dwelt 'upon, proclude' the ,possibility. of. speaking' of those ministries:,which are 'of, a more general character... , '. :: LAY A'"ENO. .erons;iwho by attondance ,,upon ,our ministry placid themseolve ;to some ox toiit.undi?dr"our 'care, ex?pect, ministorial, ,vi;itatini "'gniid .'ounsel biit,,there: are abny'to ivh'im we ohve no access. Tholeo may 'hi''generall-y r reached'. through tract;. distribution,, ,.cottage .services,. or organisations of a 'spectal ,haracter, initiated to mot a special want. The need ,of our churkelh'e is iarikest "wokrs ,for fr COhrist.. "Lot, him.that, hoearth;,.say COome." Much more Uliristias work' could bel ovortaken'in' our towns if Youp'gMen's 'Christian' Assoiations could, boformed,, and I think that.'?iue'b a gathiring nas;t present would be a?v?ry',favrdablo ppor-. trnityfor taking the motter onto consider atiotl:i'." A' bliferince 'oniiiiinttig f ofdele giit'es froin"'all' liu'rc?le, i.illing ':to' co-. operate -might.. .be., roconmminided,' a'did alth'ougli" as : delib~irativo occolsiastical bo'd' we could ndt'establisli'sech ,in aso ciation, we could give, the weiglit'of otir sanction tp pny prbjoect that might be hero attir attemipted, and might, .noreoyer, go s"o far's't addres aletter, to' the other 'Olhriistlahn: churhe urgifng t)his(matter upons their ioihideraition:."'. S or is our Sunday School work all'?owe could desire to eeo it.' Somse of'our schools need ?e better sipuly r of teahchers,' or teacherslmore efflicnt traind foir their' work ; and other, achools whose teahling staff' is adeq'uate 'to theirs requirenientsi are, to somonic eoxtbnt'dopondent upon other 'churches for supply. This is not by any means; eatisfrotory. .<ypry chirche should find within itself worLkrse sufficient' botljiiinti.ber'pand compteoncy. ': ' O Ihiieo .alread' hieited! tli?t' "hiieO ??e' oanaa 'persons to' whom' S- 'miaistors we have no access; persons of whom it may lie iBaid they are outside the church, from the undeniable fact that they never bhtbr it. *,.'he 'Apoetls understood their h-nmin?sieon as laying, upon them the adldinai duty of sgg ression. They.,were to preach the Gospel into overy creature. i True, their Gospel' was the novelty of their dauy.'.' 'Men desired to hear about tho:ndw religion; Ouriosity'opens many a door that '.projudice, or' indifference closes. When.. , first went to Victoria Congregationalism was unknown by name a it the town-whore I commenced my min ; istry'itt that colony, and some persons a out Lcuriosity came to hear the new S r~ pchor, ore.to, use. their own words, " 'to :know what ."the si?ew :relgibn SSBome people have an impression tlhat thleyarb not wahted in nttr ohurchess'no'" 'pan caroe for their souls. Could nob t spocisl services be occasionally hold for. suohi and be so ltored in their forte from the usual routine as to be rendered at- ' tractive without intorfering' with,, the, solemnity of worship, or offending agnalst good tasto ? How it could be accom ,plishod I willi not hero venture to tay, "ut suggest for your considdertion,' the desirability of " holding' someine kind of sorvico out of the 'usual order. Care mnst, however, be token that.wo do not admit of any olemoret inconsistentb, with the gospel, but within those lihmitsi we have, as far as Chrlit himself Is con- , 'corned, fullliberty to act. S STON DO u. , Dn One of the chief obstacles to atteniidance at .. church; so far aes 1 have beoon able to form an opinion, and that whloh buttresses up' both scepticism and vice, is indulgnce' in stronig'drink. I' say' not just now any-' thing about the cause of this gigantio evil, nor tihe means of Cure.. I:-want to, lay bIeforeo the represontatives oft our. oiirohos the too obvious fact ,)sbt' drink' isa fearful agent in keeping..i meonand women from attendance upon itho.means of grace. Whether, in some oises,,neg-'" loctof the monhs 'of grace may have boon ' the firatitoii to ienomp trnce, or intem-' peranooe'may have loaed to thatnobgldtd ? may be difltielt to det6rmino,: or.whothor the habits .came on'pari pasws, simulta- - nously and with equal stop ;' bht':what-", ever may hive boon the initiatbry',caiuses of the evil, there it is,' ad. those who, neglect the sanetuary are as fully included:. in our Lord's commisaion! as .thoso:who attend. . There is no esapoe from the obh ligation "laid- upon its, T.The; point'". ýoe .hioave . to'.., determitn,'e is, how that ,obligation cane,bo .mostelliiontly" discharged. Towards the: wrotcheodinha bitants of the streets and lanes of : the' ity. ; 'towards th' homloes "'wanderor: on the highway, the o:outcast' sooeeking shelter iid'ei the hedges by theo, road , sideo to wards the halt and the maimed;' and thee lame; and the blind, 'there' was' once in, this world a heart that boat' in gOnuino' pity, andin ieorot cold weep sand pray for such. ,Yes, our Lord, camoe to call sinners to repentance, came, toseek the wandering,- and to save the lost,' And. this he did by self denial. If this was needful'on the part of 'Christli' doing t siuch a work, how cas; we oxpoet to. do work for Him and to gain HisHhpproba tion unless-we onltivate:the same ospirift The worth of.any real work for" Christ is ' to bb estimated by what Itcostas' Whlat? can: the members of-:our Churches do, what can we as ministers do I :.what are we really and in earnest doing to lessen, to put a 'stop to this soul-destroying evil ' . TOTAL ABSTINEBNi . . +' Some may 'satisfy; or try to satisfy, themselves' by saying>'th6 case 'of the drunkard isiopoloes, lot' us look to tihei children;' Does not the impurity of the fountain ,head pollute, the,streamsl '?Is. not the thirst for' 'strong drink: trmnsminitted from' parents ''to chil-, dron 7 , 'That is. a toerribled fact,, founded upon observationi too extensive to admit of doubt ; so that in the solution, of this'difiloult and important problem-=' the means of doliverance from'the evile of strong .drink4 'the ':.usually.. aco'pited' miaxims soom to lose half their truthanid' it is necessary to save the parents inorder: to reoachthe 'children. -Lot us look at' rho facts thus :--Our drinking 'ocustomns arelike.the Sphiiix. As you'firt approachl, shl has the appearance of a sweet goddoess,, a veritable divinity. The scoronity of. her countenance, the 'calmness of her eye,' the feminine softness anid: beauty.,;6f the bust cannot 'bit: eoxcolte admirationi and' even wonder'; but come' nearer, and' you' find hidden-in" that crouching form the extremities of' a boast of :prey-: the Sphinx but allures in order to destroy. The only safety is in 'aoidinlied 'h Thle" Sphinx propounded her, nrddles;. a'nd 'mercilessly destroyed all.she got into her' power: so 'does strong drink.. Safetylies in avoidance of the dangor. ,And while' we bid others beware, lot us oursolves setO a noble oxamploe of self delonial forth sake of others. OONOLUsION., ' . Brothron, I have sought in this address to say something that might be of benefit. to durselves and our 'piopl. ', If the ,ord. I havo spoken should loadany to. be more helpful and considerate, 'more 'devoted to 'the Saviour and His work, I rejoldo 'that' Ho whose honour is most doar 'to 'onr hearts can' make His atrbngth'poefoct ihi' our,woakness. .i - " " : - . To my own heart there is nothing' doaror;than'liberty and love. Some of you 'may,'prhape, have tho.ught that to:argue' 'against: the' soul.shrivel ing doetrine!of. apostolical, succession has n beeoia waste 'of strength; you know.. that an idol is.: nothing in the world, and' that of 'all the: idols,' and creations of mythology, from: the heights of' Olympus, down, to ,,the 'deepest depths of Tartarus, thbror is 'no: more,, foggy myth than, that which, the 'advocates of this' ucboeision ihmaintain. But 'if we'claim to have a'mdre' glorious truth,' let''the:'dvotodn'oes of' odr 'hbaits 'and labours over he' id harimo with it " I Our work is to preach Christ, to"load'£ sinners 'to " repentance, and: Ibvoe,' and. 'holiness, and.!heaven;.' May. theo:Saviour be to.,us,iudividuialy,' unspeakably pre cious."isis ay His.:lov. boethe swooeetest 'theme' of our contemplatiois,; tho'rilhest musio' , to' our; :ears,"'givo ':stren&th; to 'bur 'hearts, and' 'fire to odr" lips. Dear, and. more .dear, I mly ,'is sacred inmoe be to us, until:our .hearts in, lowly:: adoration and burning love' shall 'crown: Him Lord of all.' ''Ve'havo'all nedd'tobIo' baptiesd'with tho" Holy Ghost 'to' havo . revealed to our sduls, byHi ?s lovin~:,.nd holy'teaching, the' inite' sweetness' of, our Redeeming Lord; to' foolthid '!love of' Joesis bheating in oui:hoearts,"throbb'ihg iii every'desire, giving ;form fi evnery'pu"r poso, and directibntto every aotionu, until, in the overflowing ecetisoy of ourholy joy.t we can without any reservo exclaim '.:, '"yThu'it ra isdr as to my sotu,.. }. ',:, .; -fJoewelsto her muy trest, ? -; S. Oh, if we could buitfully ralise thisas' This is the truoe unctiim 'for 'our"workl Thus ashould .w cdmoifirtli' "asdid the, flsmide-crownd ,,ji'stes'. ,Land mighty wondera,would be wrought in: thd name' cf Jesusa Oh, Ohrist :lbaptise uis Mfdr Thy work:i :"Give anmagonypf'da? siie,' a'! co : straining lovoe'af d thfie e rpeni a':'wdidtm h enrgy., devoteduna-all. foor Theo.! '.' ei to us, light, ·· and:. joy, ', and'.'lov'e,ri and' might, our ;allii iill';'.for: Witliout Thiso' we can do nothing., ' " '"RoW.'.isav concluded 'ith servica byj p'ri~er.""Ddring the evening a ppropriate. hymr'eire .sung to::organ accempans 'ment by Miss Button.. r? ., e .ThoeCounoilasembled at the Prince's .- SquenareSchoolrobm'at 10 a.m. '"'" ?"'· -TI he Presidesit took the cihairadnd t~he t sitting' boipeonod"withl siniig,. reading y psalm,?i and prayier by the Presiderit.-: I..; S The minutes of previous GeoneralCounicll . La were considered am read (at tlhdaiggcstioti eo of: ithe Sretary) the samne beiaig alread?, e- ins print, add the iinuba .wgretnfirmed e, s ' PranEsIDnzec T 4DDRiEe5. , 0 s"i; w ;: Ro. C. Pricr imived sa vote of'thankir s, to the President for the admirable address" in delivered b him laat eirening2' " ... 