THE VETERANS OF THE GRAND ARMY MnETiNa Napoleon's ASHES FROM ST. HELENA. (feoii theophile GAtrriEE.) BOBED, and thus foroed out of my room, Along the Boulevard I passed, Around me hung December's gloom, The wind was cold, the showers drove faBt Then straight I saw (how strange the sight!) Escaped from their grim dwelling-place, Trampling through mud in sorry plight, Ghosts at mid-day, ghosts face to face. ' Niftht is the time whsn shades have power, "Whilst German moonlight silvers all, . Within some old and tottering tower, To flit aoross the pillared hall. 'Tis night when fairies from the floods In dripping robes rise like a breath, Then drag beneath their lily buds Some boy whom they have danced to death. - 'Twas night, if Zedlitz singeth true, When (half-seen shade) the Emperor Marshalled in line, for that review, The shades of Austerlitz once more. But'speotres in the public street, Soaroe from the playhouse paces two, Veiled nor by miat, nor winding-sheet, Who stand there wearied and wet through. Well may wo wonder as we gaze; Three grumbling phantoms hover dim, In uniform of other days, One ex-guard, two hussars with him, Not these the slain, who, though they die, Still heap through earth Napoleon's drum; But veterans of a time gone by Waked up to see his relics come. Who, since that last, that fatal fight, Have grown, or fat, or lean and grim*, Whose uniforms, unless too tight, Float wide around each wasted limb. Oh, noble rags, still like a star . To you the Cross of Honour olings, Sublimely ludiorous, ye are Grandsy than purple worn by kings ! A nerveless plume, as if with fear, Trembles above the bearskin frayed ; Moth-fretted the pelisse is, near Those holes by hostile bullets made; The leathern overalls, too large, ' Bound the shrunk thigh in wrinkles fall, And rusty sabres, wearying charge, D?ag on the ground, or beat the wall. The next one ia grotesque, with ohest Stretching a coat too smnll by half; But for the stripes that deok his breast, At the old war-wolf we might laugh. My brothers, mook then', not too muoh; Rather salute, with heads low bent, These heroes of an. Iliad, such As Homer never could invent. Greet each bald head with reverence due, For on brows, bronzed by many a dime, A lengthening scar oft reddens through The lines that have been dug by time. Their skins, by a strange blackness, tell Of Egypt's lieat and blinding light; Russia's snow, powder, as it fell, Has kept those thin looks ever white. Their hards may tremble j yes, still keen The cold of Beresina bites ; They liihp, for long the march between Caiyo and Wilna's frozen heights. They droop, bent double, since in war , » No sheets but flags for sleep had they ; The helpless sleeve may flutter, for A round shot tore the arm away. Laugh not, though round them leaps and jeers , The howling street boy -with delight; They "were the day of those proud years The evening we-perchance,the night. They reoolleot, if we forget, Lancers in red, ex-guard in blue, And worship, at his column met, The only Q-od they ever knew. " Proud of the pains endured so long, Grateful for miseries nobly borne They feel the heart of France beat strong Under that clothing soiled and worn. Oar tears then oheok the smile that played, To see this strange pomp on its way The Empire's ghostly masquerade Dim as a ball when dawns the day. Through slues which yet her splendours fill, The Eagle of our armies old, From depths of glory, burning still, Spreads over them hor wings of gold. 