NEWS BY THE 'MAIL; LONDON GOSSTP. f -rProm onr nvm Cinrrcimnnfifnt.l . London. MaT 11, 1877. TTro xi4 CT*i*r-\r nrn^TTnv. The great debate, which is to terminate vxtha early' hoars of to-morrow morning, hi? eiciteJ more interest oat of doors than it has don.' wittin the walls of Parliament. ' Since tE- debate began the doors or tne Jttoa9eor wmmont have been literally besieged by the most illus trious men in England; and last .njgtjfc , thr. spectacle nas witnessed of Alfred - Tennyson, among other distinguished persons, vainly en deavouring to find a corner in which to listen to the speeches. Mr. Gladstone's audience on Monday evening included the ex-King of Hanover, the Prince Imperial, more than one member of the Bojal jhunily, and. numerous other persons of distinction. They were well rewarded for their pain*, for Liberals and Tories of all sections are agreed that Mr. Gladstone never made a more eloquent speech or delivered :i mom stirring peroration. In fact, I have reason to know that many of his opponents yrertt for the moment completely overcome by. the passionate vehemence of his closing appeal.. The speech is the more remarkable when it is lemeuubeied that .'its delivery was preceded by, a two hours' wrangle, and that during this factions discussion Mr. Gladstone found it necessary' to* address the House- twice. - The occurrence of such an episode would have seriously : disturbed, the balance of any ordinary speaker,: but;in Mr . Gladstone's case if. apparently had just the contrary effect. A friend of his remarked to* me a few minutes before he got up to speak that' he was in ' a state of exaltation'— a statement' which was amply justified by the ridging tones in which he spoke and the elevated sentiment1* to which he gave stub powerful expression. It u certain that, as loug as he lives, Mr. Gladstone must remain the true leader of the Liberal party: ' ???-? ?; ? Kit. GLADSTONE'S HES0IXTI0H3. ' ' \- These resolutions have had a singular history. Among many Liberals in the House and among 4 still larger number out of it there was a strong feeling that Lord Ikrtington and, the- front Opposition bench m-re not doing their duty. The Government had sacrificed the interests of the Christians of Turkey ostensibly for the sake' of -the peace of Europe, whereas the peace of Europe had not only not been preserved but Jiauguinary war bid broken out on the banks of the Danube und in A$h Minor.. Many Liberal) considered that the conduct of the Government, might to be directly challenged, or at all events, that Lord Hartington should put before Parlia ment und the country that alternative line of policy which in .-.'.is judgment : the Cabinet ought to have pursued. But Lord Hartine£on,i knowing that on a division he would ha beaten, declined the responsibility of the course .pro posed, wherenpon Mr. Gladstone refused any* longer to be a party to a policy' of silerce and evasion.' He at once formulated his celebrated' resolutions and put them upon the notice-paper. Lord Granville then called a meeting of the members of the Kite Cabinet to consider whafshould be the attitude of the party towards the resolutions. Lord Hartington was not present, but it was well known thathe would resign if his colleagues decided to. follow Mr. Gladstone. There was no prospect of their doing this, seeing that Mr. Bright was present, and that he had repeatedly declared it to be his. intention inflexibly to support 'a policy of noninterven tion. The ex-Cabinet therefore jput up Sir John nubbock to give notice of his Intention, to move the previous question, and thus to get rid of Mr. Gladstone's resolutions by a side-wind; TUB TTEW OF THE COUHTRY. ' ' ' ' ' Wlwn the country awoke to the fact that Mr. Gladstone was being deserted' by his own col leagues the effect was electrical. There was t- very sign that the autumn agitation would be renewed; and in fact the pressure exercised by . the 'doiistituencies ;:pon their members proved -so great that in a few days an actual majority «f the Liberal members of the House of Commons hr»d promised to vote for Mr. Gladstone's resolu tions. It was now the turn of Lord Harrington and his colleagues to take alarm and to sue for peace. They saw that Mr. Gladstone had the country at his back, and that if on a division the , Opposition, had been split into two great frag ments the leadership of the Liberal party would of necessity, nnd perhaps for ever, pass fram their hands. Accordingly every effort was iaade tobrhigabonta compromise, and in the end: Mr. Gladstone was induced so to modify his resolutions as to make them acceptable to the whole party. I do riofc think that the Govern ment itself is disposed to crow very much over the divided state of the- Liberal ranks, the fact being, as I shall presently have occasion to show, that the Cabinet hag been lately oscillating be tween two entirely opposite lines of policy. ROTHSCHILDS BET. A fortnight ago Sir Nathaniel Kothschild otfered to make a bet of any amount that sis weeks after Bussia had declared, war against Turkey our English fleet would he at Con stantinople. The great banker was -well informed at the time, but if he has made the het he will certainly lose his - money. The war party in the Cabinet were anxious to take this, desperate step— which might have involved ua in hostilities with other Powers, besides Bussia ; but Lords Salisbury and Carnarvon, and pro bably one or two other Ministers,- stedtfastly refused to be a party to what would ?have been' -ui act' of war. For a time, therefore,- Lord lieacoosueld and his chief trumpeter of the. Press— the Daily Telegraph— are baffled; while the public are indebted to the venerable Thomas Carlyte»asi well as Mr. Gladstone, for having I'ouv'erted- their temporary defeat almost into a ' rout. iMe. Carlyle received accurate and timely' wiformation as lathe nature of the controversy; which had been raging hi the Cabinet, and instead . of bottling up his intelligence, at once communicated it to' the outer 'world' in a' trenchant letter to the Timej. At the Royal ' Academy banquet Sir Stafford Northcote, instead of explicitly declaring that the story: was untrue; delivered himself: of the weakest.of ; disclaimers. It was thought '? that .Ministers would be .questioned on- the subject, bat their friends * in ? the Souse know better* than to do' this.' .Meanwhile poor Mr. Carlyle hks been pestered ? by highly ' placed persons 'who are' anxious to- know his authority for the. statement he made.' Although the philosopher oS Chelsea in on the shady side of 80, his mind; has not, shown the least sign of the sort of weakness which would induce him to gratify impertinent curiosity. ? * ' Tiftr papacy 'and; the tvAe. .. : The officiid representatives bf the Papacy in tills country are* all against .Russia, and would rgjofce to see the bannee of- Islam 'victorious. IS'o doubt it is the attitude of the Papal autho rities towards the .Eastern question which, has r provoked Mr. 'Whaliey to take a stroug side , against the Turk. 'I am glad that Mr. Whalley is 'on that side, but it is astonish ing to notfeo how his peculiar weakness, crops up in connection with every subject of public interest. He now takes the view that the Greek Church 'is the only effectual barrier to Koman Catholicism in the East, arid for this reason he wishes '.welt to Bussia. Cardinal Manning, ou the otber hand, is afraid that if Russia or tlie Slavonic ; races were to .succeed the material interests of the'Papacy would suffer damage, and therefore he is quite willing to assist in perpetu ating the obscene rule of the Turks. I, however, (io not think that there is a' pin to choese between ttie American Protestant Missionaries and this Prince of an infallible Church. : They have had: the baseness to send to Lord Derby a quantity of information with a view to show thai' if .the Turks were deposed and the poor oppressed .Slavs came into possession of their own the -interest* ot religions free dom .would suffer. The Turka will , not permit'' ' arijr* proselytism of Mohammedans; on the ' contrary, ilohammedan con verts; when any are made, are invariably subjected to severe persecutions, and are even liable; to suffer the penalty of death. But because tbe Turks, regarding with lofty disdair. all who bearthenameof Cbrfstian,are perfectly ''xiUing. to allow American missionaries .to con vert Greeks or Armenians. to their own sect, we are gravely assured that religious liberty is respected in Turkey; and Lord Derby Ms fur nished hy th^se men with weapon* which' are* intended to be used ag3inst the liberties o£ the: unhappy Bulgarians and Bosnians. . . . ? ; IMPERIAL AJtf) COLONIAL . RESPONSIBILITIES IN '-??' : ' ' ': ? TVAH. Captaiij Colomb, E.M.A., the well-known and oiatihgtiished' writer on naval strategy, is to read »? paper on the afcove* subject before the Royal Colonial Institute on the loth instant. He advocates the appointment of an Imperial Commission to determine the just limits. be- tween Imperial and Colonial responsibilities on this matter, ; and he contends that an absolute and pressing necessity exists for the erection of a great Imperial dockyard at your end of the ?world. He points out' that the fortifications of Paris did not save France, and that forts at Sydney will not save New South Wales in the absence of sufficient garrisons. Another point he-layadown is that the principle of local de fence^ ' which prevents the concentration and combination of the whole war power of Aus tralia, is. one of the strongest possible induce men.tg for attacking favourable positions there, in order to reduce each colony in succession.' He shows how the interest of one colony [really in vokes that of all by supposing. the case oi' a war with the United States, . arguing that the safety of Australia, Fiji, and Hongkong would be in proportion to tne force and vigour of Canada's resistance or power of counter-attack. Our naval .supremacy in the' Xorih Pacific depends upon our beimj able to secure British Columbia against attack ; and yet this gem of the sea is now entirely isolated from tbe rest of the world and evcxrfroni Canada, with which it is politically connected. The gallant officer is anxious to see an Imperial dockyard constructed at Sydney — (1), because a. ship fitted out in England tor the- Pacific would be at least two mouths later anJ the scene of action than it fitted out at the' AuatralianJ port'; (2), because the. resources .of such, .a dockyard ,woald atali times be available for the repairs and construc tion of merchant shipping; (3)- because 'the class of vessels which— will now be chiefly demanded ' * in ; -wax— tVa ' *n**tt' J11?5:c'n-*!llred or. partially armoured croisers.— can , be constructeii ~ cheaper' ? *at' Sydney 'than - it. any other part ofjjijhe, worlds .-- .These..; vaix other views as to the necessity of effectually guarding: the' great oceanic ^ighwa^s bf the British empirelCaptaiu Colombhiiselaborateff at much length and-witblconsiderable liters v' skill. In conclusion' he say»:— -ju iiuglishmeu in the colonies are 'not' different from A^nglUhuieu at home, and an Imperial Commission, 'such as I have ventured to suggesFT;en years ago, ami have (humbly pleaoed for uiAhy'rItime*i. jsiace, would let in a'flood.of Impeml light upou the 'parpchial'' English mind, auif let' the world know- we; meatit to stick together in defending each.ptber^ lx ,:. .] ;- : , 'J '?; .;. ^'-:'J ,1 ftillT ... -,, IHB EXDUL AXp OOtOMAIr MUSHpT. ,T For the present the fatea 'are* agair:st 'this projecti Lord Salisbury has'wVitteriTt «iu&brnj;* letter to say(that in -he- present' eonditioji gfth? finances of India it would, be .a waste of' Ai* time to receive ' a depdisition; ' while l; Lord Beac9usneld,.who- before-. Easter WiaxiIL smiles and complaisance, has declined' to. give. audience to' the city' deputation on'^tHe' grduh'd of the pressure of public business. Dr. Forbes-Watson' and . the ColQnial Institute must needs wait, until the Eastern fever has abated. ' ' Tlffi KOTAt ACADE3IT KXHliJlTIOy. ' '* \- This is pre-eminently, the mwith ?for .picturesj and naturally the Exhjbitiou . at UurHngtoxi, House — although, to speak frankly, it contains' no works of t±» highest order bf 'genius^ ami' i* this year beaten hollow by the Paris . salon— is attracting a multitude of visitors. It ' is not d!fiicult;to predict that ;Mr;E. Lory's 'Egyptian Feast' will . bear off the, hononrr of the aeasoni even if the Duke of Connaught hail not singled it out for exceptional admiration at thfe dinner on Saturday night. This very fine and: elaborate' , work on a large-sized- canvas represents the banquet as having; reached tint concluding | stage where, according to Herodotus, a bier, on ! which was placed a carveii wooden image of a I corpse, was borne in by slaves And pasBfu1 ie'fpre i each guest in order to remind him of the brevity ;of all pleasure. The feasting party, consisting | for' the.: most part of young and -beautiful I figures of both sexes, are depicted as hardly I pausing in their conversation or ainusetnenis j of ,the hoar to glance: at the -well- knowu inter pretation ; but one young girl (whom . .we . might; ! suppose, present for the first time at such a sceiie)^and two old men seated in strong, con trast beside a pair of loversabsorbed in each other, ' look in tbe first instance .with timid awe and in the second with shuddering -dislike upon the ghastly symbol. Very graceful grouping, soft i yet rich colouring and careful Work, all combine to make this very original picture one of the most remarkable in the collection. Several tinie ' honoured nai^es — that of Mr. Frith, for example —are absent from this year's list. Mr. Millais contributes two pictures, 'The Yeoman of the. Guard,' a fine old man in a blazing coat of red and gold,' totally uninteresting except as a piece of colour ; and ' Yes,' & .pair of lovers whose mutual understanding has manifestly. , been. forced taa-climax by the impending departure of the young man, equipped with an Inverness cape on his shoulders and valise at his side. This is one of those pictures predestined lo the engraver's hand and print-shop windows. One of the loveliest things in the collection is Mr. Frank Dicksee's 'Harmony,' a girl with anburn hair seated at an organ in an old chamber, with a stained, glass window painted with exquisite transparency. A youth is leaning on the organ listening with lover-like admiration to tLe player j but the girl, with upturned face 'and' rapt expression, is apparently lost in devout ap preciation of her music. The quiet -beauty- of - this work is worthy of all praise. Mr. Faed has sent more than one of those domestio scenes in humble life ia which 'he delights, of winch the most attractive is a- cottage interior filled with little children, who have hurried in through fright at a runaway horse kicking up his heels in the distance. I am not one of those who can admire Mr. Alma Tadema's thoroughly heathenish series of small pictures called ' The Seasons,' summer being represented by a beau tiful female in a bath strewn with rose-leaves, and autumn by a Bacchante raising a goblet to hislips. .... i ..;.' 5IB..AI3ERT.GBA3IT-S PICTTTBBS. ' The magnificent collection of paintings by modem artists which has gradually been brought together during the last seven years . for the adornment- of Baron Grant's unoccupied- and; still unfinished mansion iu Kensington has at last found its way to the auction room. I think I. have. already stated that these pictures have never actually passed into Mr. Grant's hands, and that they were to be brought to the hammer in default of the full payment of the purchase money. -Messrs. Christie & Manson invited the public to view the collection at their .great rooms for two days, previous to the sale, gene rously making over the proceeds of the shilling, catalogue to' the' Artists7 Benevolent 'Fund. I need hardly say that the rooms were thronged from early rooming till the hour of closing; for I suppose that there is hardly one name of real note among recent English painters, from that of Sir 'David 'W'ilkie, represented by the grand picture- of -Napoleon' I: arid the: Pope, painted.in 1836, down to the youngest favouritei Miss Elizabeth Thompson, that is not to be found in this extraordinary list. , The.crowd made, any thing like a complete inspection impossible, but, I was fortunate enough to get in a right groove for pictures hung' on the line,' and so to. renew acquaintance with some gems ' of former Academy exhibitions and see others 'for the first time. ? Fofemostvin point of interest was, perhaps, Landseer's celebrated 'Otter Hun V1 painted . for Lord Aberdeen— an unpleasant subject except for those whose love of ,spo^t, deadens every other feeling, but magnificent in point of execution. The huntsman, holds ' up the dead' otter,' impaled upon his long spear while innumerable dogs are clamouring around and over him in hungry anticipation of their prey, their gaping mouths and eager eyes being so realistic that in imagination one can hear them yelp as. one looks. This great work was knocked down on the day of sale to Mr. Agnew for £5,932. Another most notable painting, which attracted all eyes, was 'W. P. Frith's clranniug picture, painted in 1863, of Boswell's lodgings in Bond-street, the scene being taken just as the guests had assembled for one of those immortal dinners which have come down to us in the most delightful of biographies. Johnson receives the affectionate sallies of Garriek with i leviathan amiability ; poor Goldsmith is ogling a mirror to observe the effect of his bloom . coloured coat : and ' Bozzy' looks the pink *of self-complacency at the sight of the good com \ pany, including Sir Joshua Reynolds, which r i gathered in his rooms. This masterpiece was : sold for £3,202 ; and the next highest price was' 1 fetched by Ciarkson Stansfield'a splendid land scape— 'The Morning of the Wreck' — which ; went for £2,677, Mr. Agnew being the purchaser .- of all three. . ' ' THH RETTTRN- FROM IKKEKMXS^' MissE. Thompson's new picture was not'eoni . pitted in time for the Royal Academy Einibi ; tiou. Nevertheless, it has had the sta rt of that '? institution iu public favour, having' been for , many days past on view, at the ' Pine' Arts, So-; j I'let'yY gallery, where the^ whole -.of. |Mi^s. Thompson's, battle .pieces are now' t being' exhibitAl ? Th:tt . lndy; ha3t shown, i i delicate ?-iippreoiatios- of ?'thV-'.^'riny*. a'hd i at the'same time greatly added' to her populirity : in military citclea. by' providiriffa free adoiissibn I j tp soldiers in uniform, between 9.30 and 2 o'clock. : ? Some critics 'hp.\e prouopneed .Inkermann^ the . ; finest picture which this gifted young artist 'has ? yet painted, and I might be disposed ' to 'agree with them were it riot that I think- Balakkva, with its central utrwonnde-1 figure dazed with : horrdr and bewilderment at the scene he has come through, unsurpassable. Inkermann is ' a picture of the same class — that is, it portrays ? the individual sufferings and misery which go to make up every victory or defeat. There is a iloDg train of weary mec, clad in weatherbeaten and battle-stained garments, marching four abreast over the heights, the leading section ; consisting of a dying sergeant wkose comrade ! stoops to lay him gently on the ground and ? a woundec1 soldier whose rifle is carried for him by the fourth figure of the group. Further in .are three Russian prisoners whose nearest guard is a young soldier smoking a short pipe and casting upon them a look of true British impu dence. To the right of the processional group ;we have a wounded officer carried painfully along by some four men of his regiment in an ex ; temporized litter formed of his own greatcoat j and in advance of this group n a young staff bfficer , the nucleus of this homeward-bound party, -who is casting sad thoughtful eyes backwards over the heights. Then there is a French ambulance moving of? in another direction, and the wounded occupants thereof characteristically rising and lifticg their hats to their English comrades, who respond with an equally cha racteristic cheer. Such are the lending features of Miss Thompson's new picture, which is per haps the most largely conceived of this re markable young lady's works, and the details of which are elaborated with all that patient care which three years ago won an unwilling but generously candid tribute from Mr. Ruskin. THE WAGNKK FESTIVAL. I Imd the good fortune to be present at the opening concerts of the much-talked-of Wagner Festival, which is taking place under very distinguished patronage, the Duchess of Edinburgh, the Princess Louise, the Duchess of Teck, and other members of the Royal Family being among those who assembled to give the 'musician of the future,' who bas come to London expressly to conduct his own music, an enthusiastic greeting. The pudienee would have been a magnificent one for any other place, con sisting as it did of about 4,500 persons, the groat majority of whom had paid 15s. or a guinea for admission ; but the mammoth building wriere it has been elected to hold the so-called' festival, consisting entirely of selections from Richard Wagner's operas, presented by no means a well filled appearance even ?'when attended by-. such numbers; and it took all the brilliant toilets of the full-dressed ladies in the area and- boxes, and all the eager enthusiasm with which almost everybody present had come primed, to tnake one feel, in spite of that great thinly-peopled space, that one w«os assisting at the -inmguration of a lar^e aud successful undertaking. So big a speculation — for snch it is — should appeal to a wider class than you can reach even in London by asking half-a-guin'ea for far back balcony seats when six' concerts are in question; especially now, when, if rich people are in town, there are two opera-houses in full swing, and when also prospectuses are already issued for the Handel Festival to take place next 'month -at the Crystal Palace. I dwell upon -the pecuniary aspect of the affair for the simple reason that according- to professional gossip it is the most important one. The remarkable performances held ' last autumn at Bayreuth were not commercially successful, and the dompdser of the ' Nibelungen Trilogy' hopes to make up by very ; 'partial' and imperfect 'recitals' here — his Assertion-being that his works can never be judged by^excerpts or witb^ out full stage accessories— for the losses sus tained by their full intrepretation in the temple of his- own raising. England i»- expected to fill the pockets of 'Wagner and company as she has filled those of many another foreign artist in like case. .,/ . , ?; . , ' ? , ' -. r,v ? ' ?:.. - o I. . ;THE; WAGNHK.iCi:SIC-. ? ., .; ., : fi The programme of each concert^ is divided be tween pieces from .'Wagner's earlier operas, 'more or less known' in this country, and selected scenes 'from the' famous 'Ring, of the Nibe lungen,' on which the composer' rests his claim to be considered the regenerator of thePoperatic stage. On Monday night, we Had the' Kaiser's March,' with Luther's Chorale, ' Eine feste Burg,' as its leading, theme, and' certain ' numbers' from ' Rienzi' 'and ' Tannhauser,' followed by two lengthy scenes from ' ** Das Rheirigold,' ~which is really a sort. of pro lcgue to the Trilogy (su ng by Madame Materha, who made a great reputation at Bayreuth), and other German artists specially imported. Public curiosity to hear the latest* development of 'Wagner's genius naturally made the second part of the' concert attractive, but still it was evident that the real satisfaction of the audience was confined to the first half of the performances. An hour of reci tative declamation unrelieved by air or' chorus becomes tedious, even though the orchestral scoring be of unprecedented richness ; and the climax of the interest was certainly reached atr the conclusion of the first part, -when the 'well- known Ma-ch from ' Tannhauser,' splendidly played by an orchestra of 169 picked musicians, led by Herr 'Wilhelmji, evoked a furore of excite ment. The ' Kaiser March,' with its clash of cymbals, ringing of bells, blare of brass,* arid banging of drums, has little inelody that could be distinguished on a first hearing, except the phrasis from Luther^s Chorale, and can orilyvl should say, prove quite agreeable either toared bot 'Wagnerite or .perhaps to a white cat, that pretty animal' being popularly supposed to-be 3tone-deaf. ' ' ' ' ' ' '?' ? ; THE PUn?CR AXD THE TOTAL ABSTAINERS. ' . The announcement nwde some time ago by she licensed victuallers that they had secured the services . of the Prince of 'Wales as the Chairman of their annual charitable dinner Excited the wrath of the temperance party from Dan to Eeersheeba. The Executive Council of. the United Kingdom Alliance led the way in the agitation on the subject by passing a reso lution in which they declared that 'should His Royal Highness make a public appearance in x-nnection with the Licensed Victuallers it will be an act so contrary to the moral sense and sober judgment of the better part of the nation is to produce a. profound, shock, arid will tend to lessen the respect for royalty.' All the Tem perance Societies were np in arms, and Marl borough. House was flooded with memorials protesting against the support which it was illeged the Prince wa3 about . to give to the liquor , traffic^ There is no _. doubt: bhat many pother people wholly unconnected with , the temperance, agitation .. entertained grave misgivings as to the propriety of the step which the HeujjApP81611^ . N^ announced bis intention to take. Meanwhile, the .licensed victuallers themselves were confident . that . the Prince would not' break his promise,' '',. He -was *.' not in England to hear the roll of the teetotal thunder,, and it therefore fell tq poor. old, General Knollys to read the memorials and to. return to them suqq, answers .as in, his wisdom', he might think fit. In the end, as. was to be expected, .the .publicans, prevailed. ?' At the appointed hour His Royal .Highness .was in attendance at the banquet, and in the course of the proceedings referred.— not 'without an air of ; dignity — to the advice, he had received from his. mentors or tormentors of the United Kingdom Alliance. The publicans are jubilant at the victory they have achieved. . They hay'e made it. appear that the future King of England regards' them with ,a hot unfriendly 'eye, arid : they' shrewdly calculate; upon the value in a political sense of a sympathy thus openly ex pressed. -._ ;- ? ;-..-,. .,'.-. .. - .'.'.' ry , jl , THH TEMPERASCE^PARTX AST) THE CHTTBCH. ?? : X On the other hand the teetotallerstare Tnacidng equally earnest efforts to obtain support in high places. If the publicans have r succeeded, in inducing the Heir- Apparent ?-. to, give ^them the support of his patronage, the Temperance Societies have done much to enlist the Church on the opposite side. It would be, a curious, problem to detenriine the relative influence of a dinner at : 'Willis's Rooms and of a special service at 'Westminster Abbey. At the parti cular service which I now have in mind the great nave was filled with a congregation that numbered not fewer than three thousand, persons, the preacher being Canon Duckworth, who enjoys the reputation of having at one period of his career inspired in royalty itself feelings of a more tender nature than those of friendship. The Canon is au orator not to be despised, and his sermon, delivered as it was la fine elocutionary style, produced a deep im pression. He inveighed against the' gross animalism of- modern fiction, and also against what he called " the vagrant sensuality" of high born and educated men. After presenting a faithful picture of the vices which prevail too generally among the class to which he belongs he drew an equally unflattering sketch of the rendition of the working classes. From his account of the state of society, in these closing years of the nineteenth century it really ap peared as if the nation were on the verge of national ruin. . As the result of much observa tion I am inclined to think that what the Canon says is literally true, but that neverthe less, the- 'good old times' which are 'often referred to with so much unction were on the whole a good deal worse than the days in which we live. It is true that among the educated classes drinking habits are still frequently carried to excess; and by way of illustration, I may re mark; that the' grave has hardly covered the remains of a distinguished lady whose death was occasioned by the excessive use of stimu lants. But on the other hand, many persons in a , high position— several Bishops andjmembers of Parliament among others— have lately become total abstainers, either to prevent damage to their nervous system or to set a good example to their own class. ? Only the other day a popu lar member qf Parliament who vote9 against Sir 'Wilfrid Lawson's Bill received a letter from one of his constituents rebuking him for taking this course, and afc.the same time informing him that if he would only give teetotalism a trial he would soon be able to appreciate both the moral and the sanitary advantages of total abstinence. The member of Parliament was able to reply that although he had voted against the Permis sive Bill he could say of himself what many of the supporters of that measure could not with truthfulness aflirm of themselves, i.e., that he tos a total abstainer. MB. G-LLDSTOXE AT ST. PAITL'3. Social questions—as well as questions of. catholicity in religious doctrine — are largely treated at 'Westminster Abbey. At St. Paul's Cathedral recently topics of a more distinctly political character have been handled irE a sober and reverential spirit. During the period that Canon Liddon was last inresidence not a Sunday passed 'without some reference on his 'part to that grim and ghastly Eastern question which, like a hideous spectre, is - now liaunting the Council Chambers and market-places of Europe. On Sunday week the eloquent Canon was point in gout the great gulf which separated man from tbe lower animals. 'When, he said, the latter arrived at old age all their powers became sub ject to a law of decay, whereas it often happened that men even in the pangs of dissolution ex hibited moral and intellectual qualities of the noblest character. He went on to remark that even statesmen old and grey in their country's service sometimes felt again the quickening influence of youth, and with more than the vigour of early manhood were prepared to do battle for the right. As these word3 were spoken many eyes turned to Mr. Gladstone, who occu pied a seat immediately in front of the pulpit. PRACTICAL J0KI-'G EXTKAORDIXAIiT. As one contemplates the well-dressed crowds who at all hours of the day and the night may now be seen walking to or from Exeter Hall, where the majority of the May meetings are now being held, any sort of practical joking sxcacks of irreverence as much as conviviality in a church. You may therefc . e imagine the feeling which has lately been excited in that neighbourhood by the escapades of four young noblemeE, who, attired in clerical costume, and ' white-chokered' and black- coated up to the eyes, have been invading tbe taverns of the Strand aud making that highly respectable thoroughfare noisy with their roystering and their revelry, besides imparting a strong flavour of scandal to this religious and philan thropic season. These youthful sinners are almost as lost to shame as the Aldershot ghost, who stUl fells sentries to the earth in the dead of the night, and who is now generally supposed to be the shade of the Marduis of Waterford of a former generation. LORD CtoLEKTDGE A--b THE OA3IB LAWS. LordColeridge's recerit refusal' to convict in a Game Law case, and still, more the emphatic opinion he 'has expressed against undue game preserving, iave-greatly excited the ire 'of the squirearchy, who .loudry protest their belief tha£ this noble-minded and impartialJudge is unfit to sit upbn'the bench.. Lately Lord Coleridge made his'appearande at 'a 'greatr dinner-party in' a pair.of she-es. each of which was iurmounte^ by - a stupendous silver buckle. 'A ' facetious Tory landowner, who had tbe advantage of a: personal: acquaintance with the noble and learned. Lord, marched up to .the offending Judge, and in the presence of the company said — f ? I understand, my Lord, that the beautiful buckles you are now wearing are a testimonial from your, friends the poachers.' , The humour of the sally made every one forget its insolence, and xo one laughed more heartily at it ? than Lord Coleridge himselt. : ? AN EX-LOUD CHANCELLOR. : Lord and Lady Hatherley have been presented with a testimonial in the shape of a gold pencilcase and a smelling- bottle, as a grateful acknowledgment for the services which they have rendered during the hist 40 years to the Sunday-schools connected with St. John's Church, 'Westminster — the church with four queer-looking towers which stands between the Abbey and Millbank. Lord Hatherley is a son of Alderman TVood, of Qneen Caroline notoriety, and it is a remarkable fact that for considerably mere than a generation he has either been a teacher in or the Superintendent of a Sunday-school. . His successor as Lord Chan cellor — Sir Roundbll Palmer — is also an old Sunday-school teacher, and like the older peer has devoted no small amount of time to the work of imparting * religious instruction ? to the rising generation. - .. . ? » ME. COBDEN'S JOUENALS. : The death of Mrs.' Cobden renders' it probable that, at an early date the great freetrader's posthumous papers will be given to the world under the supervision of his eldest unnwrried daughter, assisted by'Sir Louis'Mallett, 'Under- secretary for India.' The' MSS. include dbcu-^ ments of great historical interest, such, for example, as a complete / riarrati ve of his celebrated Continental' l' l4»ur ' after ' the abolition of the Corn Laws, and a * journal of all his proceedings' in Paris during' the negotiation of the commercial'/ treaty with' France! He gives accounts of _ interviews with Mehemet Ali, Louis Philippe, .Charlesj Albert, Lofis Napoleon, and other monarchs ana states men. There are also manr pleasant gliiripses of Cavour and other Italian statesmen. Mrs. Oobden:sentertamed a 'rooted objection' to the publication of her husband's papers during' her lifetiiiie; but certainly the time has now come when they can be given to 'the world without compromising either the living or the, dead. A NEW NOVEL. 4- new. novel by an unknown author, which Ls about to be issued from the respectable press of Blackwood, is being announced with an unusual flourish of trumpets. The book will bear the title of ' A Modern Minister.' It is said to be a work of great genius, and mysterious hints are thrown out as to the supposititious authorship ; but' whether the writer be man or woman it is hard .to say. , For a longtime George Eliot kept Mr. Blackwood in ? the dark as to her identity, and'Lord^Lytton was pleased to throw a veil: of, secrecy over one of his latest novels, issued by the same firm. It remains, to be seen whether the public will confirm the judgment which the Edinburgh publisher has formed of the great merit of the forthcoming work. I. ? . . : .COLONEL BURNABY Colonel Burnaby is about to leave England on a- new tour of adventure, and his- tall com-- manding figure will long be missed in the Mili tary Club of London. His 'Ride to Khiva' has proved so great 'a hit that it cannot be doubted- that his next literary- venture will' be equally profitable- and popular. At ' the News paper Press Fund dinner on Saturday he was the chief object of interest; as Lieutenant Cameron was last year ; but he hardly' shone as well as his predecessor, his speech being for the most 'part a defence of the American Stanley's buccaneering exploits in Equatorial Africa. For the- sake of the unfortunate negroes, it is to be hoped that he will keep at a distance from those regions which Mr. Stanley has familiarized with his elephant rifle. VArENTESrB BAKER. ' .' ' V This well- known personage,' who appears to be ! alternately petted and cuffed by the Turks,' lias ; written a' book on Turkey.1 Colonel Baker of. I course defends the Ottomans! and wishes to give them — as the phrase goes— ' another chance ;' . but his pages contain ample evidence of their barbarism, and of the helplessness' of any pre-' sent attempts to -secure 'their' ret ormation'.' Like Hobart Pasha, Colonel Bafeer' appears to* [ have * perpetual itching for newspaper -writing. ' '??'??? ?'? ' VICTOR HUGO. ; '-- ' .-'I - At the age of seventy-seven Victor Hugo's genius shows nog-/ign of ;:j decay, while his. ; capacity for wqrk is as great as it was a quarter of a century ago.' ' At this, moment he has' in^ i hand three works, either of which would' make the reputation of any ordinary litterateur. ' He' is writing a history' of the coup Wetii. It will riot be a repetition of his ' Napoleon the Little,'; 1 because Victor Hugo never repeats himself, but' | it will be a grave and even terrible indictment' i of that policy of successful violence which lies ; at the root of the Napoleonic system. In the ; second place he is hard at work on a novol, the. ; subjectand scope of which hehasnotyetdisclosed I even to his intimate friends, many ot whom, I j may add, dine with him once a fortnight. I Lastly, he will before long publish' a volume of \ satirical poems, in which his political or personal enemies are unmercifully castigated and indeed may be said to receive no quarter. A GREAT MAN'S -WEAKNESS. Victor Hugo's great weakness is his vanity — [ a vanity go restless and so exacting that even if he hears that a notice of himself or of bis ' works has appeared in some exceedingly obscure journal he is never satisfied until he has had '' nn opportunity of devouring the paragraph. : This vanity is associated with a sham modesty i which sometimes . places him in an absurd i position. A friend' of his tells me that not. long ago a young poet in a distant provin cial town sent him an early copy of b,is first volume of -poems with a humble request ' that the great writer would condescend to read the work and to exptess an .opinion upon it. Victor Hugo at once replied to the effect that , he had read the poems with so much admiration and delight that if they had been published I before he had begun to write poetry he., should never have ventured to engage in that field of i literature. The young author, of course, wa3 ? immensely gratified with the tribute to his power, bnt his pleasure greatly moderated when bis book was returned to him through the Dead . Letter Office, a mistake iu the . direction having \ prevented it from reaching Victor Hugo's hands. The Old Gcmteee at Glej^elg. — la refer ence to this old monument a correspondent writes as -follows: — The crooked tree was but one of several gumtrees near which the procla mation of the colony was read. The first ; Colonial Secretary's tent was partly supported ?'by the old tree still in existence. I remember (that these trees shaded the tent east, north, and west ; also that during the ceremony they threw a pleasant shade over the place. TVe had a \ scorching sun that af ternoon*'* 