A TOUR THROUGH TASMANIA. (Letter No. 47.) YE COMING MAN. Horace Walpole is responsible for the following quotation. I am so put to it for something to say that I would make a memorandum of the most improbable lie that could be invented by a viscountess dowager—as the old Duchess of Rutland does when she is told of some strange casualty. "Lucy, child, step into the next room and put that down." "Lord, madam," says Lady Lucy, "it can't be true!" "Oh, no matter, child, it will do for news into the country next post." I am just now exposed to that temptation by which the Duchess of Rutlandshire was so constantly beset. Stuck up in Honeywood by heavy showers, gales of wind, and falling trees, I hear little and see less to write about; but rest assured when I do get the chance of making a "line," down it goes. A good many subjects have suggested themselves of late by which I might manage to eke out a column. For instance, there's the Chinese question, which is presently to become a grave difficulty with Tasmanian legislators, but as our M.H.A.'s decline to make laws to suit themselves, the inference is that they will be equally unable to frame measures for "The Just and Proper Control of Foreign Invaders." For that they are coming, and in thousands, is as certain as their overwhelming presence is now felt in San Francisco and Queensland. Some people hope that Chinamen coming to Tasmania will bring their wives with them. In the interest of morality, I hope sincerely that their wives, sisters, and sweethearts will stay at home. To find it necessary to specially legislate for the men is unsatisfactory enough. What prospect is there of any solution of the difficulty, when colonial parliaments are called upon to specially legislate for Chinawomen? Bring their women indeed. Rare John Chinaman, he who could be compelled to love and support his wife after he had introduced her into colonial society. Nine-tenths of Chinamen now in the colonies are diggers—or fossickers pure and simple. The life of a fossicker in a slab hut, many miles from town would not be any more attractive to town-reared China girls, than it is to town-bred colonial girls. The chances are that Mrs Chinawoman would "bolt," from the man who wanted her to live in a smoky hut, and then what would become of the runaway wife is very clear upon a little reflection. The idea of compelling Chinamen to bring their "housekeepers" with them as a panacea for the evils of their own presence, is too good a joke to pass unchallenged. Celestials are good working men, granted. They work very hard, granted. They appear to be fond of labour, granted. But, like Christians, it is not he work so much as the money "John" is anxious for. Chinamen have a weakness for "baubees," and any visitor to Hong Kong is quickly made aware of a certain "traffic" by which the "baubees" are made much more easily than by working at a sluice box. Some legislators, who never saw a Chinawoman in their lives have made some pathetic remarks about the constancy, etc., of Mongolian ladies. Oh yes, decidedly so; bright little eyes, saucy flat nose, and pretty little feet. But I guess there are plenty of white girls about town already, without accelerating "the evil" by importations from the back slums of Canton and Hong Kong. The class of women at all likely to emigrate from China would not be daughters of tea merchants and Mandarins. Taking another view of this subject. Does any existing law prevent a Chinaman from marrying or supporting one, two, or half a dozen of "our girls?" Little Bourke-street answers, "No." Will any law that can be passed deter some British-born colonists from making a choice from amongst the Celestial ladies, should they come? The history of Australian and Tasmanian aboriginals and the Maories will reply to that question. Let any man soberly contemplate the probable effects of a sudden influx of a ship-load of Chinese women into any Australian port, and if he can put his contemplations in writing, he has the happy knack of looking at the very brightest side of human nature. The largest, the richest, the most rising, and progressive of the Australian colonies is now suffering from the "yellow blight." The "Chinese difficulty" is only in its infancy yet. But as their numbers increase, so will the Chinaman's true character come to the surface. "Johnny" is civil, industrious, obliging, honest, frugal, and temperate, but for all these things he has an eye to business. He loves No. 1, and who shall blame him for that? He loves the credit and security that capital secures to him. He is passionately addicted to gambling, he loves opium, and polygamy is no sin in his eyes. He can be a religious fanatic when occasion demands. He can be a beggar, a hospital patient, a lunatic, and a gaol bird, in the same proportion as other men. Some 30,000 Chinamen are now competing with European colonists in various parts of Australasia. Well, let them compete. But why some people should be anxious to impose 30,000 Chinese girls and women upon colonial legislatures and charitable institutions, is for reasons best known to themselves, and which have not yet been made public. I have made the acquaintance of numbers of Chinamen in my travels. The following story, in which a Chinaman figures conspicuously, may not be foreign to the subject matter of this letter:— "You often get from one place to another in Australia by coasters; and these shallow screws will be deck-loaded fore and aft, and right up to the funnel mouth, with such sundries as horses, wattle- bark, live bacon, and Chinamen. Now this is a free world, and I don't blame Chinamen for living in it. On one occasion it happened to be my duty to get from one small port to another by one of those steam barges, drawing about 5ft 4in and as good a roller and plunger as was ever caulked. The name of this vessel was Seagull, and she plied bi-weekly. When night came on, and it blew hard, some of the passengers filled their pipes while others renounced their stomachs. I felt constrained to go below, and put me in my little bed, 6 x 2. A Chinaman and another foreigner who had paid their fares, £2, did the same, and were only separated from my compartment on either side by an inch batten. We lay there about 40 of us in that dark, damp, locker of a hole, called 'steerage;' and the S.S. laboured and screwed, and plunged, and groaned, and uttered such peculiar ghost-like sounds that several began to say their prayers; others preferred to continue their 'euchre;' while my neighbour 'John' smoked silently and melancholy on. My chief attention was directed to the celestial; there he lay on his back, his eyes fixed on the bunk board above, and from his lips and nose, ever and anon, there proceeded a long thin wreath of curling smoke. "John," I argued with myself, was a free man, and a brother, what fair exception could I take to this indulgence? To call him 'Chinee' was only to expose my prejudices; here I began to feel a sickening sensation in the region of the windpipe. I continued my meditations : "had this celestial creature a right to poison himself?" He had, the law connived at it; another curling wreath issued from the gloomy portals of his nose. I raised myself a few inches on my right elbow— 'Mr Ling,' I said, quietly addressing the Mongolian, 'You will stop that nuisance please.' 'Ah,' he replied without flinching, 'You no like smokee? you too much talkee,' and another diminutive cloud was dispensed into the locality of my respiratory organs. Hauling myself into a sitting posture, and turning to the opium lover -- 'John,' I said, 'I like your tea, and don't object to your sister having small feet, but if you don't want clearing out you will —' Ah, Ling quietly withdrew the obnoxious tube from his mouth, and with his head upon a tea chest, murmured softly— 'You too much fancee, you too much fancee.' And so all that night, and all the next day, and all the succeeding 48 hours, did I consume the time in that 'hole' in hopeless reflection. It was awfully unwholesome below, but it was ten times more impossible to stay on deck. The meals however, that indispensible ship regulation called 'feeding,' kept pace with the ship's clock, and comprised for the three daily 'feeds' — a mass of 'spuds,' baked beef, and tea; all pitchforked upon the table amidst a clattering array of tin plates, pannikins, and teeth-marked pewter spoons. The odour was sickening, the noise deafening, the company mostly employed in gambling, drinking and smoking. Just 90 hours did I recline in one position, with only slight variations of right side and left side. One innocent mortal attempted to solace himself, by singing 'Home, Sweet Home,' but a rough injunction to 'shut up,' brought his harmony to a close. The longest lane has a turn, and so had the longest voyage. I had prevented a fellow-mortal from enjoying his pipe, and that was all the satisfaction I had during that 90 hours of my life for 40. The recollection does not prove an enduring feast." 