C&NJUROliS; ' AND SPIlittifA LISTS j , — : ? ~^ — '- ? ' — ? ' ', .- 1 The disappearance of persons from a closed1 cabinet, and their immodiato reappearance in some Wholly unexpected quarter ; the tying up of men with ropes in a very strin gent and .complicated Way, and the speedy 'looseniug by somo agency neither visible nor easily corupreheusible ; tbo raising of a tablo in tlie air on tbe , tips o[ tlio lingers; trie causing of a walking-stick to strut about; the stage' as if- 'a human haud held it ; tbe floating of a human figure hi mid-air ;. the disappearance - of a man from a strongly' aorded box' only just large- enough to con-; tain him; the entrance of a man into-a box covered with canvas 'and well corded all these and many other feats performed by tbe best of our conjurors eithor imitate and equal tho achievemouts of spiritualists,' or excel them without any imitation 'at' all.! How the things aro done if is' not here to surmise; anyone may guess- at pleasure . Of courseit is not the province of the exhibitor, who' lives honestly by, an exerciae of liis practice, patience and skill, to' fell us which of our guesses are right and' which wrong., Messrs. Maskelyne and Cooke's performances at the Egyptian Hall, Piccadilly, the chief of the 'kind that' havo been witnessed in 'Buglhnd ? in recent years,' are especially 'rich in these puzzloments ; one guess npsets another, and the real clue can rarely be de tected. ' But all is honestly represented as' being what it really is— conjuring, , or more majestically. oxprcBscd, experiments based on tho known properties of matter and tbo known principles of science, without any appeal to spiritual or supernatural influ ences. ? It is a gruat blot upon spiritualistic ptrformances, even if all else were trust worthy, that so many of them are carried1 ou in the dark, or in. a light bo dim that a spectator cannot rely on tbe acouracy of bis vision. Why cannot the 'spirits' honestly, come out into broad daylight ? , Why use a dark cloaetforthe ropo-trick (originally an in-; vent ion by thespiritualistsjinsteadof a lighted Bta'ge? If (towers can be - made to grow at' the command of a .-' spirit,' why not by full' daylight and on an open table, y If guitars are played by invisible fingers under a table, or people's legs pinched by a tricksy spirit, under the shield of au overhanging table-; cover, why not openly with full daylight' - pouring in at the windows ? Let the hoDesfc spiritualists separate themselves .from the crafty aud fraudulent by doing in open day. (if they can) What the latter only do in dark ness or Eomi-darkness. We have 'spoken : above of ' thb floating, of a human figure in ?mid-air.' This, we may here add, forms a part of Mr. Maskelyhe's display of wondcru. The exhibitors speak .positively of 'Mr.i Maskelyne's undoubted ascent into the tro pical heat of the dome (presumably the arched ceiling ot the exnibition-room), und descent therefrom.' Tho rdom is'so much darkened, admitting only a narrow belt of vory bright' light, 'that spe'otatbra' aro not : certain . of, much moro than that, something floats above thoir heads; whether that' somethiity is sub fltan tial or optical,'a reflected ' image of i M r.' Maskelyno, or, the veritable i man himself; and, if the latter, how he get there— are knotty' 'questidns.' ;, Mrj 'Pepper's' ghost , in- genuities . have! sbown what, extraordinary results may be obtained by a combination of ? rofleoted and transmitted light.' ' V , \- ..In , tho exhibition's, of celebrated auto , mata, such as M.Camus's miniature coach, Va'ucariBorJ's r ' lluteplayer, '?? and Maelzel's trumpeter, there was no pretence; even Vau-' canson'a duckj .which, dabbled in the water, \- swam, - drank,- quaoked, - made the peculiar movements of a iduck.v raised: and moved its wings, dressed- its feathers with its bill,; extended; -118 neck, took 'barloy 'fr'om'Jjlie hand, 'swallowed, iff made, tho proper move ments o£, the muscles of the nook while so doing, and (apparently) digested' tlio. food,, was, like most other automata, honestly put, forward as! a s'peoimen of exquisite mcchan ism capable of imitating the movements of an organised beicg, - No nonsenso about unseen intelligences or spirit mediums; no necessity for doing in aemi-darkness ? that whioh was well accomplished in full, light. The same may' be., said of: spcakiug-tnaohineB, a few examples of which havo been witnessed and heard in England. The : elaboration of pipeB, vibrating , tongues, ( valves, keys,'' &c;, was considerable ; bub there was no coneoalment of the fact that a humau per. former was .concerned the whole of the time, .pressingi'dbwn finger-keys or istuds which put the soucd-produoing 'mechanism 'into action. The thing was admired for its' 'real merits, without a halo of falsity to enhance its attraotions. As to the Automaton Chess plsyer, bncp so famous, and still ? obcaeipn ' aiylinitwUd, i* wai jo$2tEii»gof auhaai' ; for a man !«ir concealed witbin the appara tus, the wheel-work being a mere blind. And now' we. come to Messrs. , Maskelyne and . Cooke s . Automaton Whist-player,! rejoicing in tho name of Psycho; which for a' year 'or.1; two., has. :bcen' aii;.xin-! . soluble * puzzle , to Londoners and visitors tb London. 'If thinking be necessary- in any. \- game, it is assuredly necessary ; in; whist ;' and.l'syoho!_nieots :fair^y_ good; playersV on equal terms. If meuhanism does not think, and' if no ; '.spirits' guide the movements of 'Psycho, there must be a human confederate; and this question of- confederacy is as great a mystery as anything else. What We are told of. the origin of Psycho ia as follows. ' Mr. John Algernon Clarke had! long meditated on a sohome for tho construction of a machine for! playing at cards; he communicated bis idea in) 1S73 to Mr.' Maskelyne, whose practical ao-' quaintahce with watch and clock mechanism ' hadmade hiin well, familiar with the action1 of wheolwork, &o.; Two years wore spent 'in elaborating the details, and .early in 187,5, Vsych* was added to' thb .list ,'of. amusing! wonders exhibited 'by Messrs. Maakelyne! and Cookoin the metropolid. . ? The Psycho arrangement is as follows :— ' 'A'figure, considerably leas tlian adult siie,! \- and' dressiid iii . Oriental garb, 'sits' brtjiss-j legged on an oblong box about two feet long,! , eighteen inehe3 wide, and fifteen' high.', The' ci-oWh; of the head reaches nbdnt two feet! 'and a half above the box on which the figure1 laaeated. The box and figure together aro! ?quite' -portable, ? 'detached from ; every-, thing . else, , and carried about with; ease; On the stage or floor of the' room is placed (pot ns a fixture) alowbroad^ stool j on, vthis is placed,' npright, a hpllow| 'gloss cylinder about eighteen inches high byi ten in diarKeter.'knd: 6n'1'fcKn1''r!v]inf1nF in. i placed the box, supporting,, Pay oho. -!Tfio| stool; cylinder and. bottom of the box aro! turned up and about,- and shown separately; to , the audience, before the .performance! .begins ; while small windows in the side'. of ? the box- aud ^tigure' give'i* peep into the i iuaiJe, ;Thereis uo doubt that! the fimallcat; iHf^0'A-Thu.ii^\w^ald/.fai.li^*jin3;siltiii|!r)orj crouching room within; and on all-sidesj the idea is given up that there is any 'iving person within tbermachino ; a repeti tion of the tricU of Kcmpelcn's,'';autoniatpn (ihessirilayer— in the.intoripr of which, as we have said,' was concealed 'ahuruan being — certainly does not occur here, whatever may -be the nature of the rc'al'iriy story., Tho box arid 'figure aro' free from contact with any thing behind, such as a scene ora screen, as any of! the spectators may, approach and .walk round them. They, are freeifrom over head. oon'nectibn, (isa/Stiokiie.passed hori zontally 'over th'e head 'of Tsycho/ They in ''freer f?oth * side ? corintctiDUS, as' the , au dience pan see uluarly, past , the 'right and left Bides of them. Lastly, they are free from connection' with tho' lloor .underneath, except through the medium *f... tbo trans parent glass cylinder on which the bojc;re3tp, aud which is open at both ends. ?'' Karely has an exhibited ligu/e' made so, near, an au proach to complete isolation as this. Psycho s right ;Brm,Hn,!i Bieeve' of Oriental out, has a power both of. vertical and- horizontal motion.' tfoxt fpr.'the stage a'rraputmente connected. with tho playing of a game at whist. A tablo is placed some' what in front, butlinonesia?of'Psychb,-With'c]hairs-fbr threa persons. 'Three Visitors' 'are invited to come upon the stage '.., Thorp is, every reason 'to'befieve.tliat'uollusibn!bas no ^place hcire ; whether the persons : are knowu one to another, or. t-- Mr.'; Masl^olyiic, or are. strangers who happen to be pVoEout on that' occasion; the proceedings aro just? the same, tbe only condition being that all three shall, have a fair knowledge of whist. An open space of 6vo or six feet is loft between -Psycho ?nndtthe~;~table, . and Mr. Maskelyno is gcnerallyrsomewherje. within this space. A. pack of cards is placod on tlio table, and the players out for'partriors, MK Maskelyne cutting as deputy .for .Psycho.'. The three players' sit down, Psycho's pnrtber opposite, to ? him, and ? two of. them, cut for deal.' The .cards, are then shuffled; linally1 cut, and1 dealt, just -aa in ordi nary ' whist-play. '.Mr.', Maskelyne _taWes (ba'cUa .uppermoat)' ' 'Psyulio/s ' thirtebn cards', and inserts ,thbm bue by'one.ib n qua-; d'raa'f'ij.rapU'or frn'nie in front of .th'p, 'figure ; tbo'b'.bttqrijjoa'ge of cachjCard being belli in a grbovej' thV icst j'.bf 'tbo' card'.'staudiiig/up freely, with ita face towards Psycho. ?' The play begin;.. . -Mr. ,.? .Maskelynoi ^announces ?'audibly the linmp of -the card put down by aach player.. When it is Psycho's turu' to ?play,',- the '?figure,: raises -itV'Tigliti: arni, 'and; passes thb!'haiid,gcntly along the tops of the cards ; the band' stops over some one particu lar card^tbe. finger fond thumb claspit, piill it out of the rack, 'and Psycho holds up the , face :,bf iho' , uard./.iowur^s : the', audience. During' this tihie Mr.* Mriskelyue is'.at' least a yard distant, and does not touch any part:of \the.ljgure, the box, the class cylinder, or the supporting stool- The length -of the sweep of l'aycbo'a ., arm , depends; on .the position of the cards in'the rack ; for.tbo bent enrdto 'play at any particular, moment may be the first in the rack, or the thirteenth, or any intermediate position. Vsycho appeari; to lobk'at'his several1 cards 'eaqh.tiui'e, and to pick out that , which may be most . advan tageously, played ; real montal! deliberation is as nearly imitated as it oh'., well be. &Ii;'.: Maskelyne approaches, - takes the selected canlf rom Psycho's lianc!, and throws it down1 on thb table aa'part of. a. ti ick— won by Psycho .and his partner,' or against tbuin,*as the ense :uiaybe'. Thus tho game i)roeeodB, ^Holc after .:,triok...'Mr. Maskelyne announces nu'dibly tho, names of all the fifty-two cards played ; bnfc ho nqver telli Psycho (bo far as. we know) ? what card to; play.' . l'dyoho's partnor- ar ranges the tricks which theae' two have won.1 Only one deal is played at each exhibition. ;' it sometimes scores most for Psycho aud hjs1 partner, sometimes for tbeir antagonists, according iis tho cards ,happeu tb liu, or as tho piny era We equal or unequal iu skill, .i ? \- Now, how is1 all this- accomplished ??- A , search; at the PatentOfli'ce tells us that 'the preliminary- steps for a patent were taken by Mr. Maskplyne. and 'Mr. ' Clarke last 'year.1 The patent is for 'lmproved'Meaus^for Actuating ? Automatic :Mv'chdnism.M The1 specification speaks of condensed air, rare tied air, a pedestal reservoir, valves, a piston, .a coiled spring or weight, a, fly-wheel, a fan ? blast' and bellows, within , .an; . automaton figure.' But the desuription; .'unaccompanied by any diograin, . is dilh'cult to make out ; and no hint is given as to whether it applies at all to Psycho. '.We are not to. forget ? that there havo been, 'such things, known as patents taken, out as a mere blind, to throw an , . iiii]uisitivb public , on /the .wrong scent/' Spectators' are lefb to guess as they : i may. If ,'.' Mr.' Ma9kelyuo presses his foot on a lover or spring, it certainly! cannot be. detected. , If . an : assistant can 8co -Psycho's oards, where be is placed is a Eusczlo. . Whether the words uttered audibly! y ' Mr; Maskelyne' contain instructions or advice. . -IB to what card' shall be playe.d by Psycho, .we do not know ; it ia possible, but probabilities go against- -it; -, Professor William Pole, F.R.S., who is known to be skilled i both. in mcohanismand in card.-play, has gone at some longth into ''speculations concerning the philosophy of Psycho.- He States . that, .the figure can;' play opicquet,' ecarto, cribbago and: other card games jtist as 'well as whistsi' IHe has given all tho .details of a gamu— orat'least.c-rieijand of a game— which' ho witnessed, aud, which was' Well contested oh; both -sides ; Psycho and his partner scorcd'two by . cards aud two by honors. ;PrqfeS3pr, Polo passes in review, one by otic, various speculation's as to the, .mode in -Which the' automaton is /actuated.1 'Ho gives up all idea of ; a .living, being cop-: cealed within . tho mechanism. He equally, dismisses any belief in connecting wires pro-: cecding from the' iiguro to a -confederate ; ? the isolation seems too cbmpleto for this. Ho, discusses the agency of magnet ism ! ami tho agency of ;heat,- but without giving a verdict' iu favor of. eithcr'of thorn ;. aud takes refuge ,ftt last in pnenmatics. / Ho conceives that an flir-pa«Rage may exist-in one of 'the legs of the stool, placed over a small invisible' hole in thb stage ; the f- air-passage . extending up through the glass cylinder,' ' the box and the ' figure., V .'An' ! air.pump, J under or behind the stage, i could: eithor condense. or rarefy the air in the apparatus. - If the bot : torn of' the box, ' resting on the open end of the cylinder, consists of/an elastic . diaphragm, this would, bulge slightly iip.br down according as the air beneath it were condensed or rhrelied. It is within the grasp of delicate mechanism to mako this bulging act 'as a, moving force, .which',' through the medium of valves, levols, &o.;, might set in action tbe arm, ' hand and fingers of the figure. Possibly compressed air may pro. duce the horizontal movements of the arm,: and'fareficd air the vertical: 'AH this , is or may be seiontifio and meohanical ; but Pro fessor' Pole .; frankly confesses , hia inability to Bee in what way human intelligence is concerned. ' If, Mr. Maskelyne knows all the cards in Psycho's hand, and signals which to; play on eaoh occasion, he is virtually tho player: of that hand'; but if he 'doWnot possess- this knowledge, nor give those aitj nals, then .a confederate is the real player, relying on a knowledge , of.' Psycho's, cards obtained wo know riot how. /,,?.? r : _The .great authority., on whist,. 'Cayen- dish' (an , assumed name), has played with the figure as partnor, and bears witness to' the skill. .with_ which Psycho's , hand .is playadv :'r Violeaso^ jfifo] wfiajf :witne»iiiig- ar - game in which he himself did not ploy,' Bays : —'I confess that to me, standing beside this little wooden doll, apparently isolated from' any Human agency, and seeing it not only imi tate human motions, but exert human! intelli gence and skill,' -thu eject seemed Weird and uncanny,;- and I ..could hardly -wonder at 'tbe'epirituaUsts, who'.' seriously,' conjeotured tbatPysoho may be brie 'of 'the .manifest*-' ? tiona comprised inv their own 'psychological screed:'-' ?'??Those who' have gone; most. fully' J'iijto.1; the1 subject believe tbatj if ,they knew ' thej real method of operation, thoy would admire/the . scientific ;? skill, quite, as much as '' they!'now' admire the well-concealed mystery. ,',,Tho 'other 'r feats.: of, Psycho need . not ? be ..; described; .Once1 admit; ?that human agency,.' can . muko . him pliiy' .a^harid^at .whist,' and / wb,:may, well be lieve': that he can perform, sums in .iritb . IMofirl I.I UV\a11 -tnnwfn, J«(1 *t'__,^lli: ? 1.'. 'It 'fashion, . gtiess the; cards chosen by persons' among the ' audience, imitate handtmting,' &c.; 'Ordinary coBJuringJ; jiltis 'the Psycho : mechanism, will iiroducothese'results. . \Vd are.'we think,, juatified in, Baying emphati cally tbnfc . 'soientifio men and' mechanical .constructbrs,' by the.exercise of, well-trained -iritellige'nile, 'ca\i , produce' freauits/ fully as .imatvellouB os.any recorded of spiritualism, 'andmore marvuliou3tb.au any that can be regarded as really woll(autberjtioated. . There . is ? skill shown in (so-called) ,- spirit : photo graphy, bnfc it is skill applied to an improper purpose ^and^ the ..same may .be 'said -of-iriany other'- poney- riiaking exhibitions in whicb. ' mediums' are -coriuerned. One . word more. , -ilt.is no,horesy against ^science, to suppose that theremay be physical forces' or natural Uwb which are not yet sufli-' jbiently known to; occupy. a. place in- definite' treatises; nay, scientilio men ave the -very. pcrsonB most likely to admit such probabi ity., ..But ibis -a-verjr.'diU'erent affair when knavish exhibitors hoodwink ?? arid 'defraud 'the/public by concocted ' tna'nifostatipns.'' It is also^.-ycrydifferent. aflair. when honest ?but cr.edulouB.p'crsbns, witueEBtug something' ithat/really,is;;wor(;]iy of iuveatit'atiuni nllov jthemspU'esn'toibe'led- into 'r-piritniilistib'' theories of3such:Ia'-ria.ture;as'tb-dijpa'rt?fr6ini science altogether.— C,'iaml-erJi Jouniul. 