PARLIAMENT SITE. TO THE EDITOR. I am, Sir, &c.;, SAMUEL TOMKINSON. May 29, 1877. Sir —The reason why no action was taken by the Hon. W. Everard, myself, and others before is that we never dreamed any action would be taken by the Government, involving an expen- diture of perhaps £30,000, without having fall Parliamentary authority. It has pursued a most unusual course in commencing such an outlay without a concurring vote of the Legis lative Council, for which the plea of the Hon. the Chief Secretary to the deputation, viz.," of all measures which might be submitted to the Legislative Council he thought that one affect ing Hie accommodation of the House of As sembly would be a matter upon which the Couucil would be especially delicate ia express ing aa opinion," -was more ingenious than con stitutional. My friend Mr. E. W. Wright affects gieat interest ia the health of members of Par liament; indeed it would appear to be bis prmcipal motive for so quickly beginning his horrid work of destruction ; but is it true that kon. members aro suffocated, or otherwise come to an untimely end, through breathingthe vitiated air of the House. Is it worse than oar Theatre, Law Courts,crowded churches, and ballrooms? Did it prove fatal to the Lite Sir James Hurtle Fisher, who so long filled the Speaker's and Presidents chairs ? Have we not amongst us in vigorous health Sir John Morphett, Sir Oeo. Kingston, Sir William Milne, Mr. Singleton, and Mr. Beresford, all veterans of Parliamen tary atmospUere? No, Sir, there is no danger to the health of members. None of them will die except from other causes, whilst a little mere consideration is given to the selection of a better site and urgent necessity for a new Par liament House. I fear that I shall have to wait a long time before • political ghost knocks at my do3r. I should ask him why he did not move the ad' joumment of tfae House the moment he felt the air bad instead of rushing to the refreshment rocni? Sir. Wright's letter is all lady's postscript. He is eager to adorn the city with another building worthy of it . He sincerely believe] ttat the public are equally eager to feast their eyes upon bis beautiful designs. Well, perhaps he is right, but as it is stated that a majority of members are opposed to tfae site selected, and the taxpayers know nothing of the probable cost, it is surely not unreasonable to wish that the subject should be further dis cussed by faon. members, who on facing each other may after all not find any traces of vitiated air in countenance or voice. 