IRELAND. AIT IEIGH VICTOHY— THE CONTEST FO3 T±i3 SLOHO 0HALL1SWGB SHIELDa Tho cable, como time cinee, brought tho intolliricnco oi tho winning, for the third time, by the Irish Eiftht, conoiatin^ of Meoaro John B.i«by, L. R Banks, Liout. Fonton, William Rifiby, Major Youn^, J. E. Milner, H. Dyas, E. Johnson, of tho Elcho Challenge Shield, at tho rifle contests at Wimbledon, on July 19th. Our late mail advicea now enable ua to give some particulars of the match. When the Irish Eight won the Elcho Shield for the cocond time in 1875 they made the highest aggregate score on record, 1506 in that match for the trophy. In the recent content they eclipsed this wonderful effort by what is decided as the most unprecedented ? score at lou^ rangeo at Wimbledon. At all , three ranges they were ahead of the other j two teams, but it was not till tho end of the '? oecond ranee, 800 yarda, that tho championa becamo virtually cecured to them. At the , end of the 900 yards they were 60 points | abovo Scotland and 69 above England. It is a bye-word at Wimbledon that Irish shoot best at the 1000 yarda, and for this part of the day's undertakings a splendid unvarying light r/aa afforded. A slight drizzling rain fell, but this, though it may have baffled their opponents, served, only to be an opportunity for tbe Iriohmen, and they soon chot clean away from their rivals, so that lon£ before the contest waa over the immense crov/da on foot aud in carriages eollectod round the firing points know that Ireland must secure the victory. Tho Irish finished first, and at the sarae^ moment a tremendous cheer set up sent discomfiture nwnn in (Via nHinr rnnlm nf riflf-mr-n_ The match finished with the following totals :— 800 yda. 900 yda. 1,000 yds. Ireland ... 543 517 508 England ... 513 478 473 Scotland ... 530 470 439 Ireland ... ... .. 1.568 England .. ... ... 1,464 Gobtlsnd .. ... .. 1,439 Majority of Ireland over England ... 104 Majority of Irolcnd ovoc Scotland .. 129 The officer of the range, himself, an Irish man, having mouated upon a table and announced the winning ecore, Captain Menziea, captain o? the Scotch team, pro posed three cheers for the Irish team, express ing a hope that as Ireland had proved herself capable of producing such splendid shots as those who had- set an example at Wimble don that day, all ths competitions at V/irabledom, including tho Q.ueen's Prise, would be thrown open to them. The- three cheers were responded to in the heartiest manner, hats of all shapes being raised aloft, and soldiers of tho line joining with volunteers and civilians in Dwelling the hurrahs that rent tho air. The Duke of Abereovn, as captain of ths Irish Eight, replied, and said :— Gentlemen, I thank you on behalf of the Irish Eight for your exceedingly warm con gratulations, and I may say, as their captain, that it has not been without great difficulty and greut patience that they have once again risen to the top of the tree (cheers). The Elcbo Shield, I can assure you, will be none the worse for ita journey across the channel, and I can promise you it will be welcomed in the capital of Ireland with a glee and enthusiasm of which you in England have little conception (hear, hear). It will, indeed, be treated aa an honoured guest (applause). I beg to propose three hearty cheers for the English Eight. These having been given, Captain Parsons, Adjutant of the English team, addressed the crowd, saying that, although Ireland had won, it was some consolation to tho English Eight that they had, after a hard battle, vanquished Scotland. The shooting of tho Irish Eight that day was marvellous. It was unprecedented in the annals of shooting at Wimbledon Common, and, for long range shooting, had only once been beaten in tho world, and that was at Creedmoor by the Americano, who had climate and many other auxiliaries in their favour for fine shooting. But oven with thia -comparison, Ireland that day was only 20 points behind tbe best achievement at Oroedmoor. Ho earnestly hoped that Sir Henry Halford, when making up his International team, would seloct some of tho gentlemen who had shot that day for Ireland. Ho then proposed three cheers for the Spotcb Eight. Captain Menzies responded also, saying that all in his team were amazed at the Irish achievement. The competition for the Elcho Shield iwns founded ia 1862. Eagland ban won nine times, Scotland four, and Ireland three times, \ but in ' tho first three competitions Ireland took no part. ' ? ' ? At tho conclusion of the shooting for! tho international trophy at Wimbledon, on July 14th, Captain Kuox, the loader of the Irish team, said, ' Ireland would never competo at Wimbledon with much chance of success till the volunteer movement had extended to the Emerald Isle, cud ho wao euro that, when it did, fcbere would be no more enthusiastic or loyal volunteers in the United Kingdom than tho Irish.' The captain of the English team said he also hoped to Goe the volunteer oystem established in Ireland, although it might mean tho defeat of England at the rifle butto. IEI3H ANTIQUITIES.— MONUMENTS 01? TEE PA0T THAT HAVE FLOUEISHSD. In the House of Commons recently Sir John Lubbock, speaking in support of a bill for tbe preservation of national monuments mado the following interesting references to Irish antiquities :— , Every archaologieal society in England, Scotland, and Ireland had petitioned in favour of this bill on the ground that these monu ments were rapidly being destroyed, (Hear.) He had, on previous occasions, given many instances of this aa regarded England, and would not occupy the time of the House by repeating them. As regarded Scotland, he might refer to the testimony of several cities and towns, including Edinburgh, which had petitioned in favour of the bill ; while tho Bills Committee of the Commissioners o£ Supplies for the county of Aberdeen, having recently reported thai from the fact that in this county monuments of great arcbraologi cal and historical importance have been destroyed, were satisfied of the necessity of this bill, which they hoped may be eorne law. In Ireland the rapid disn appearance oi ancient monuments had been a source of deep regret to every avcbeoolo gist and to every patriotic Irishman. Dr. Stokes, in his ' Life of Pefcria,' said : 'Tbe number of ancient remains that even during the last century have been wantonly des troyed is so great that their enumeration would be' tedious.' (Hear.) Miss Stokes, a lady than whom nobody waa better acquainted with Irish archeology, had kindly furnished him with a very long list of ancient remains v/hich had been destroyed during tne present century, tie would onlyjjust mention one or two instances. At Clonmncnoise had been destroyed an Qghcm stone, peculiarly interesting as being one of only three eases in Ireland where tho inscription in Ogham was accompanied by one in Koraan characters. The so-called Palace of Eniauia, uear Armagh, had been entirely destroyed, and when Bi\ Petrie had remonstrated with the owner for removing a national historical_ monument, that gentle man replied that ' Ireland had no history.' (A laugb.) The great Eatb, or pagan fort3 of Eilbuimpn, built on the conversion of tbe native chief by Patrick, waa in part visible till 1826, but li£.d now entirely _dis appeared The rui'ca oel Holy Island, in JUoelv Dearg, wore rapidly perishing,, These buildings v/ere erected by King Brian Bora, and from an architectural as well as from an historical1 point of view were of great interest. At In-, nea Murray the early Christian inscriptions, many of which were perfect in 1834, had all been destroyed but one ; and while in 1800 j there waro 118 round towers in Ireland, more than forty of them had since perished. The round tower of Dungivan, which had a ape» cial interest because the date of its erection was supposed to be linowiis was destroyed on account of an idea that treasure was conv cealed ia its foundations. That of Drumcllffe was taken down about tbe year 1840, in order that the materials might be used in building a bridge. Dua Angus was being pulled to pieces in pursuit of rabbits. St. Manchan's Church— Tempul Manchan'3 Ohurch — Teui- pul Manchain, as it was called — was not long ago surrounded by curious archie cells, sup posed to have been those of early Christian anchorites, but they were all destroyed a few years ago by an economical Scotch tenant. The remains of the church and round' tower on Ireland's Eye, which had a special in terest, because the tower was connected with tho church—the square base serving as tho : chancel was taken down by the proprietor thirty years ago, lost it should fall on his cows. In some eases even an excess of re° verenca had proved fatal, as in the cases of the unfortunato descendant of the prophet, who was put to death in order that a shrine mlglife be erected in ms honour. In too same way the carvings on the base of the great cross at Clonmacnoise had been worn away by tho pious peasantry, who thought that if they, could but stretch their arms round the sacred symbol some special blessing would be secured. Some of the churches on the west coast of Ireland had life-siae wooden figures of saints, which v/ere placed beside the altar. One of these, in the island, Innes Murray, though obviously early Christian, was taken about thirty years ago by a Protestant mis-» . sionary for a Pagan idol. Accordingly, ho took it out to oea and threw it o%'erbpavd. - The House, however, would be glad to hear j the venerable image rose to tho emorgency, swam boldly to chore, and quietly resumed its' old place. (Laughter.) Ho would only i mention one other fact. Though wo sai^ht I!' in. many cases infer Shakapere'a; opinions, j there was, he belioveci, only one caso in v/hich we had tho actual esproscioa of his own' sentiments, and it was one bearing ; directly on the object of this bill. i It appeared that there waa in his any a question of inclosing some land near y Wilcombo, oa part of which was an old oamp i. * ? . . known as the Dingba, commanding a ford over the rivet' near Stratford on Avon. The corporation sent an agent named G-reene, who wan; a cousin of Ohakspero'o, up to London to protect their interests. Part of 61-reone's diary was preserved, and under data of the let of Septem'oor, 1616, was an entry that his cousin -Ghakapcve told him he could not ' beare the enclosing of Welcombe.' In the last volume of the ' Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries.' one o? our'arcbssolo gists related the result of an attempt to see the Long Stone, a monolith described in the last century by Rudder in his ' History of Gloucestershire.^ On inquiring of . a farm labourer the way, the man replied, ' Ah ! air you be too late.' It had juat been blown up3 broken to pieces, and thrown, away because it had cumbered tho .'round. He would implore the House not only pass the bill, but to do co before ' it ho too late.' (Hear, hear.) ? EBILY CATHEDRAL. 'There is a bill now before the House of Commons to enable the Church Bepresenta* five Body to sell Emly Cathedral. Ao Mr. - Moore is spoasor for the bill, we may take it foi? granted that the Church body is willing to sell the cathedral ; and it is certain that the Catholics of Tipperary aro willing to buy it. The Irish Church Act must bo altered before the sale can legitimately be made good, and the present bill proposes to amend the act of 1870 in this particular. The facts as to the cathedral aro worth noting. About fifty years ago the ehureli was built and called the Protestant Cathedral of Emly. It stands in au old Catholic burial- ground, which contains the tombc of tha oldest Catholic families in the county. There hps been no service in the edifice for four years. The doors are locked, the windows are boarded, there is not a single Protestant in tbe parish, and the Catholics are obliged to pay for the care and protection of church and graveyard, inovt, tue vjaiuone onuven is a poor edifiee—Emly is a poor parish—and in bad weather ihe congregation has a hard time of it. The transfer would be a graceful net, even if accompanied by the eharacterisa tics of a sale. Tho price would gladly be paid, if at all moderate. We trust;- that the bill will be generally supported in the Mouse, and that the present unpleasant condition of things will be amended. The Church Body can have no reasonai objection to disposing of that which as matters are eau bring them in aothing. We have reason fro believe that Ih© transfer would be regarded as a. welcome piece of good-fellowship not only throughout the county, but throughout Ireland. \- DUNIiEWS: CHUEGE. A new church, has been, erected at Daa lewy, County Donegal, in a romantic and picturesque district, forming a pavt of what is known as the ' Donegal Highlands.' Mr William Augustiu Ross, of CursoH'-atreet, May rah'. Laving become owner of the Dun lewy property,, determined .to erect, oolely at his own cost, a small church for his tenants' and ofchera in the neighbourhood , the nearest ousting church being nine miles distant. The site is a rocky one, some fifty feet over the adjoining land, and has oe the north side the mountains of Srrigle, and on the south Dun lecy Lake, celebrated for ita fish. The church is built in fine style, arnd boast a round tower. It is now almost finished in every res pect, and is built of light blue lime stone, for the general walling, and the dressings are of a pure white marble, both quarried on the estate, quite close to the site of the church. The round tower rises to the height of ninety five feet, and forms a prominent fea« ture in the landscaps for many miles around. FATHEE BTJEKE OH DRTTNKEITI-TESS. My friends, I don't want you to become talking men. There are too many talking men in this world. I don't want you to becoino canting _ia-?n. The Lord knows I hate cant. But I want you to become silent but eloquent apoatles. Oh, ray deal1 brothers, tho man who is sober, honest, end upright— » the man, no matter how poor he may be, if he is only earning 153 a week, has atill that nameless respectability, and I will add influence, and almost nobility, that virtue, and goodness, and faith, and purity give him — that man has influence— that man need never open his lips— that man has only to show the example of hio own lifo to become a most eloquent and powerful apostle in the cause of every virtue. Therefore, I say to you — sot your faces against this vice of intemperance. If you have any friend or associate or follow workman, over whom you have any influence, in the name of God, and for the love of Our Divine Lord's Sacred Heart, uc;o that iniluenee to bring that man into the Holy Family, and to take tho pledge. Try to got him to bo temperate, quietly, ci'Jmly, almost silently., and yon will have done more for God's glory than porhaps the priest, who labours for many day:; preaching the vory Word of Jesus ChVict. Above oil — above all, keep your own coul. It is the emphatic admonition of tho Holy Ghost, 'O man, hold firmly that which thou beet.'' You Invo your own soul, your own intelligence, your own heart, your own will ; and you have, beyond all, tho Grace of God, enlighten ing, purifying, cad Gti:cu(',tiiomng you* , .}. intelligence, your heart, and your body. Let ' ? every man amongst you, I say, hold fast what you have. There is only one devil can rob you of it all. Let him never eorao near you. That devil ia the Demon of Drunken ness. WATEEFOIVD. The Bishop of Waterford has forwarded from his diocese a sum of £498 towards the Butt Testimonial. In so doing lie says that it is gratifying to seo that the partial mis understanding looked on by some as possibly foreshadowing the dissolution of the Irish \- Parliamentary party has been cleared up. He considers that sectional disorganized action was the certain forerunner of dissolu tion, and a recognized leader with united . action and reasonable loyalty, was neces* sary. 