ST. PATRICK'S CATHOLIC CHURCH, BURROWA. On Saturday find Sunday last Burrowa assumed an air of passing importance, on I tlie occasion of the arrival in the town of ' their lordships tbe Catholic BisbopB of Goulburn, Batliuret, and Maitiand ; and of the solemn dedication of St. Patrick's Catholic Church. On Saturday, the enn \ suone witu all me epienauur 01 uiiu lummer, and in the morning a number of the principal Catholic residents of the town, with them the Bev. John Dunne (the Rev. T. Long, colleague priest of the Burrowa district, abstaining from joining the party of welcome through family bereavement), journeyed to Galong station, a residence of Mr. John Nagle Ryan, distant from Burrowa about fifteen miles, and about three miles from the Galong platform on the Great Southern Bailway, where their lordships and other clerical visitors were to arrive on their way to Burrowa. The ? ? A ? ^l.l^H^v «nno o 'lllAlieant Mil* journey \o uaiwiig w«o *» |#.v«»o»i»u v»««, over passable roads and through splendid country— land that appeared to only need 'tickling with a hoe to laugh a harvest' The country .around Galong is a noble tract of nature's grandeur — a magnifioent combination of grove and ▼ale, and wood and lawn, hill and range. We had many times heard, of the hospi tality «f Galong : on Saturday we had very practical proof of it. After taking Bome refreshment at Galong the party, accompanied by Mr. Ryan, proceeded to the railway platform, where afwr waiting for about half-an-hour the train arrived. Their lordships were accompanied by the Very Bev. Dr. McAlroy, V.G. ; Bev. P. J. O'Keefe, Yass ; the Bev. John Gallagher, St. Patrick's College, Goulburn ; the Very Bev. Dr. Bcrmingham having arrived by the up train about two hours earlier, nuvu »i« iinu auwv VJ ».»? . 'J — | ? driven to Galong. At the platform, a number of people from the homesteads around assembled to welcome the visitors. Arriving at Galong, their lordships, doctors, priests, and visitors were entertained at a princely banquet — princely in every : in the quality and variety of the wines and viands, and the way in which it was served. We are aware that Mr. Byan does not like his hospitality trumpeted, but it would be unkind and unjust to Miss Ryan and the other ladies of the house to silently pass bye such unlimited, unostentateouB, and excellent generosity ; and at the con ? elusion, me jtigm nev. ur. uunigan, I Lord Bishop of Goulburn, proposed the [ health of Mr. Ryan in very complimentary I words. I Journeying from Galong to Burrowa, their lordships were welcomed along the road by crowds of horsemen and ladies on horseback. At Corcoran's Plains, about three miles from Burrowa, the Rev. Philip Byan, of Carcoar, called for three cheers from a large crowd there. The cheers were loud and glad. From this the cavalcade and vehicles increased till '''\ the arrival in Burrowa, when there could \ not have been less than 2000 persons in /\, the procession. Their lordships and / ' attendants were met a short distance / from the chapel by ? the Burrowa town / band, and the procession moved slowly / towards the presbytery, the baad playing veijr^well, till a triumphal arch was reached. The arch was constructed with very good taste ; it was nicely decorated with flags, and there was an agreeable absence of the ungainly forest of timber and brush so frequently observed in the bush triumphal arches. Over the main opening of the arch was a banner bearing 4-Vta n*nw-1n n a (nmi'linx i-r\ Tftdll PflPfi i ' Cead mille failthe.' Their lordships immediately crossed^ to the church, and took their seats inside the sanctuary, where the following address was read by Mr. John Nagle Byan, J.P. :— 'To THEIR LOEDSHIPS THE BISHOPS OF VjfUULBORN, I-Amut»l, anu iiiaiiumif/. ' May it please your Lorships : 'We, the Catholics of the Burrowa District, whilst approaching you with feelings of respect and veneration for your sacred dignity, unite in giving you thatheartfelt welcome, the best expression of which is conveyed in the words so familiar to your ears and thrilling to your nearcs — uewi -mibiGjwiitv. ' It is not surprising to behold you, our beloved Bishop, once more amongst your flock that are ever zealously tended by you, personally, or through your devoted priests. We have only to look around and contrast the state af religion ten years ago with its present flburisning condition in this Diocese, to behold the fruit of your Bolicitude and zealfor our spiritual welfare. ' To you, my Lorda of Maitland and Bathurst, our welcome cannot be in proportion to our gratitude for yonr presence here to- dav— ? interrupting your Bftalous labours, reeardless of the distance and at much personal inconvenience, you come to rejoice -with -us, that another Temple, is erected in this Bunny land to the honor of God, under the invocation of Ireland's Apostle. ' It was fittinsr that such should be the case here, since so many amongst us claim the country blessed by the labors of St. Patrick as the lani ---f our birth or that of our parents — scattered children of « rmHptbA mna we are not. and can never be, forgetful of the old land with its hallowed and cherished memorios, whilst faithful to this fair land of our adoption. Not unmindful tlint many a Natsonal Church once illumined by the learning and sanctity or Saints, and fertilised by the blood of martyrs, has seen the dark night of heresy and decay, we thank God that we to-day possess the faith preached 1.400 years ago to our fathers by St. Patrick, and that the same missionary spirit which made Ireland in the middle ages the light of Western Europe still characterises her children. ' Whilst welcoming you with joyful hearts, we deem the occasion a fitting one to join two hundred millions of our brethren in protesting against the robbery and spoliation of which the revered and heroic Pius the Ninth has been subject ; against that liberalism and anti-Christian spirit which has outraged the rights of conscience in Germany by the May Laws, and in Italy by the pro posed ' Clerical Abuses Bill,' and which in so many lands seek to exclude religion from education, to usurp the natural right of the parent, and to force upon Catholics a system of education wholly at variance with their religious convictions. ' In conclusion, we beg your Lordships' blessing ; and again bid you a hearty welcome. '? Signed, on behalf of the Catholics of the Burrowa district : «.T. N.Ryan. ' D. J. O'Neill. ' P. H. Soott. ' J. H. Clampett. ' D. R. Kenane. , Their Lordships briefly replied, compli menting Hie Catholics of the district that such a noble temple had been erected to le true worship of God. On Sunday, the church was solemnly dedicated by his Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn. High Mass was celebrated, the celebrant being his Lordship the Bishop of Bathurut ; assistant priest, Bev. Philip Kyan (Carcoar) ; deacon, Rev. P. J. O^Keefe (Yass) ; sub-deacon, Rev. T. Long (Burrawa) ; master of ceremonies, Rev. J. Gallagher (Guulburn). The music of the Mass, vocal and instru mental, was rendered with good ability and effect ; and the ladies of the choir (Mrs. J. B\ O'Ro'urko, Miss Mackay, Miss Hayes, Miss Thomas, and Miss English) 11UVC, Ui UUL-U, gUUU ICUbUll IU U» vaiu ot the general expression of eulogy pestowed them by those present ; and doubtless their success wan in a great measure due to the excellently-finished rendition of the music by Miss Higginx, ' who presided. These remarks are justly earned ; if they were not,, we should not make them. Some of the solos by the ladies were gems of vocalisin ; and. one lady especially possesses a voice of rare good quality, power, and confront. THE SERMON was preached by the Very Rev. Dr. Bermingham, of Wagga Wagga, and barkened to with enfolded attention.^7Hc said :____________ ? f^ \--^ff« kingdom is not of this world. ' John 18 c. v. 36. Mv Lords, Beloved Brethren, and you beloved it Christ,— The beautiful and instructive ceremony, by which this grand edifice — a proud and enduring monument of the matchless generosity of a charitable people, and of the hard toil and pure steal of a brave and true priest, directed and cheered on by a holy bishop — has been sanctified with .a relative sanctity, and solemnly devoted to the revealed worship of God, our Creator and Redeemer, 'is indeed pregnant with sublime meaning, and suggests great and consoling thoughts. It not only proclaims the Bad fall of the human race in the first Adam, and the bondage to which all creation was subjected on account of that criminal fall ; but, filling the Christian's heart with purest joy it bids us fix the eyes of faith on the everlasting word of God-made flesh, the second Adam ' coming up from Edom, with dyed garments from Bosra, the beautiful one in his robes, walking in the greatness of his strength,' coming to redeem, regenerate, and elevate to a supernatural state of grace and life a fallen race, and to give liberty to every creature. It conducts us from Calvary, ennobled and sanctified by the precious blood of Immaculate Mary's Son, to the stone sepulcre whence arose our nature — glorified in. Him with the glory of God— to fondly and joyfully regard our Brother and our King, advancing in the splendour of His triumph over the grave and sin, to gladden the wounded heart of His Virgin Mother, and bringing, in His own sacred heart, healing for every ill to which flesh is heir, and salvation and sanctification for every child of Adam. And 6urely, while the gorgeous' procession of mitred bishops, surpliced priests, and white-robed youths, passed before you, the immortal Catholic Church came be fore your enraptured gaze, Dngnt ana charming in the beauty and dignity of her Divine origin ; and your intellects, supernaturally illumined, strengthened and elevated, could and did conceive of the risen Christ, enriching her with grace and power to sanctify her children with a real positive sanctity, and to clothe with a relative sanctity— to rescue and restore what iu the lower heavens and earth had been subjected to vanity. Sharing this communicated power, and acting from authority old as the Apostles,, your Bishop blessed and sprinkled with holy water the walls within aud without of this building, to 'Sanctify them with the word of God and prayer ;' and with the old. old, solemn rite de clared and constitutad it to bs, while ages roll along, the Temple of the Living God, wherein not merely His reflected glory shail dwell, but His well beloved Son, the Immanuel God with us, shall lovingly take up His lowly abode, veiling His* beaming face with the Eucharistic species, through ineffable love for His weak sinful creation. But the prayers and the sprinkling of the walls typified another aud a higher sanctity, and pointed to another difice, not built by human hands. They symbolized the purity audsanctity befitting them, who shall worship God in His church, and gather with Christian hope around this sanctuary. They also refer to that glorious living building, built up of living stones, and erected on the Primate Apostle— the Grst Pope and Vicar of Cnnist— by oar Lurd Jesus, true Gud and true man. On that immortal sfructure, founded bv the Incarnate Son of God, and in which ills uoiy hpiriL mum native, * shall to-day offer for your meditation a few thoughts stolen from the saints and doctors, who have lived her divine life, and died peacefully in hyr blessed arms; that your faith in her immortality, and your love for your own loving mother may wax stronger and stronger, now especially when bitter tears are welling up from her sad heart at the fight of so many of her children obstinately resolved on their own perdition, and when she is coveted with wounds by her old enemies, the world, the flesh, and the devil. qod's MuncY to us. Blessed be God for evermore. You and I have been, from childhood's hours, resting without doubt or fear amid the household of the faith. Even before our infant lips could lisp the sweet and saving name Jesus, God mercifully made us His heirs and co-heirs of Christ. When the waters of Baptism, pregnant with the powers of the resurrection, fell upon our tiny heads, God enriched our souls with the habits of faith, hope, and charity. While thousands are still seated in darkness and the shadow of death, or deluded by an irrational feeling of self righteousness, wo have been introduced to His admirable light and all the merits and mercies of the Cross placed at onr disposal. ' All things are yours and you are Ohrint'8, and Cnrini is God's,' said Saint Paul. Oh, how good God has been to us 1 ' Millions'— to us'. the words of Saint Paul—' tossed to ami fro, and oarried about by every wind of doctrine in the wickedness ot men, iu the craftiness by which they lie in wait to deceive, have changed the truth of God into, a lie,' we have been resting securely in the arms of God's ever living church, and receiving, through her infallible utter ances; wisdom in its heavenly beauty, and truth in its unity and integrity. And in one spirit being baptised into one body, we may well feel assured we are the%on'y of Christ, and members of The Member, as said Saint PauL In a word, we are Catholics, and belong to the time- j honoured ecclesiastic confederation, over which the Incarnate Son. of God reigns and through which He dispenses his favours and makes known the mysteries, of His mercy and love. But since our days have been spent within sight of 'the burning bush,' and it has been allowed us not only to look familiarly on the Spouse of the Lamb, but to share her friendship and choicest favours, it may be'we are not now keenly sensible we arc every day treading holy ground. Yea, it may be, some one in this church has, in the excess of his folly, ceased to love tbe Church with the old tender love, or to regard her as ' all beautiful and fair, without spot or stain.' WHAT THE CHURCH IS : WHAT SUB tS NOT. Ah, do but regard, with the' eyes of faith, our own dear loving Mother, bright . and disarming in the ' freshness of immortal youth and ravishing beauty, andjrouihall see, .though her-yeare are many, her loveliness has not been affected - by the footfall of destroying time ; nor do grey hairs tell of tbe advancing age of Judah's fair daughter. No: a sublime new creation, unchanged and unchanpable, she ib the very same in essentials to-day as on the first Pentecost, when the very 'glory of. God enfolded her within and without 5 and shall so continue ' until we all meet in the unity of faith and in the tnnwiprlo-p of the Son of God.' This is no marvel. The Catholic Church is not a human institution, with her foundations laid in the passions, the pride, the crimes, and the prejudices of any nation — whether weak or strong. She is not indebted to Kings or Emperors, to Parliaments, or mobs, for her power, her glory, or her life. With few exceptions tiiey have been always struggling to crush the God given life out of her, and denying to her and her persecuted children the rights God gave her in the act of founding her, and gave her children in the creative act. To them she is indebted for littie more than the wounds of her confessors, the red robes of her martyrs, the pillaging of her sacred treasures, the destruction of her seats of learning, and the gutting of her churches. The Church, identical with Christianity Divinely organised, with the' supernatural order of life or humanity living a supernaturalized life, is the great and glorious creation of the Incarnate Son of God! ORIGIN OF THE CHURCH. God the Son, consubstantial with God the Father, having taken a body like ours, and a human soul in the chaste womb of Immaculate Mary, made our nature as truly the nature of God as the Divine nature. 'The word was made flesh and dwelt among us' to redeem the enslaved sons ef Adam, and to found a kingdom, one and catholic, of rational beings, regener.ated_of water and the Holy Ghost, and gifted with' supernatural lITe. This kingdom, ' not of this world,' set up by God and not by human hands, and guided by God's indwelling spirit, and not by human wisdom, which is foolishness, was to embrace all these, arising from the ' laver of regeneration' a new creation, nartskine of the Divine nature. Having received one baptism, all obtained^ a like newness of life, and begin to live the same identical life in union with Christ. Oh! how olearly and forcibly does St. Paul, in his burning words, written to the Romans and Corinthians, describe the interior life and external union, the grandeur and charity of God's church : ' As in one body we have many members. So we being many are one body in Christ, and each one members of one another. And all the members of the body, whereas they are many, yet are one body, so also in Christ. If one member suffer anything, all the members suffer with it. Now, you are the ^ body of Christ and members of member.' WHAT FURTHERMORE THE CHURCH IS AND IS NOT. The Church is, therefore, not a school around a master, nor is she an association' of individuals, who, adopting peculiar religions views, and protesting against what they flippantly call errors, are aggre gated around a doctrine or form of worship by the sword of a despot, by the action of national prejudices, or by the influences of early training or a bad education. The Church is Christ's body, and opens not her arms to unregene rated humanity — to mere nature or man refusing to receive Christ coming amongst his own. THE CHURCH DESCRIBED BY ARCHDEACON W1LBERF0RCE. 'The Church,' us said the late erudite English convert, Wilberforce, ' is one organic body, deriving its life from nernntuni union with the humanity of its bead, and guide:) in preserving and propagating supernatural truths by the spirit of God, sent by Christ to abide with her for ever.' In fine, I affirm, in the words of the same profoundly-learned convert, written before entering the Catholic Church : ' The sacred scriptures assert the whole Church of God to he the body of Christ, endosved with life by the Son of God. Of this body, which is to be regarded as a whole, the members are individual believers, for as the soul gives life aud motion to the hody, which of itself could have no living motion. So the word, giving a rijrht motion ami energy, moves the whole body — the Church and each one of its members.' Oh yes, beloved brethern. God's Church is the spouse of Christ, and the joyful mother ofall the faithfn I. impartingtothein the life, which flowM from the indwelling spirit of God through her, and not receiving life from them. Begotten of God, and born of her, and nourished with great love at her breast, we call her mother, and honour her as such. On our union in life with her depends our union with Christ, the source of life. There fore, we regard schisms ani heresies as the greatest evils, withdrawing God's children from their mother's arms, aye, from the very source and conditions of spiritual life : for aa said Saint Cypriain, ' He i:aimot have God for his father who has tint, the Church for his mother.' Therefore, too, is heard a cry of anguish from her, when men seek salvation else where, the loving Peter giving thrilling expression to her pure sorrow: ''To whom shall they go, Lord? Tlwu, ever abiding with the Church, hast tho words of elornal life,' BOW THE CHURCH OF CHBIBT IB KNOW. J Now several societies have assumd the I name of Christ's Church, and claimfco be I regarded aB His body. They gdforth . in His name to make prosb!yie| each j 'one . crying out, 'iLo, here h ? the I Christ!' ..How, then,- shall we.Acover Christ's church or His body pmong ao many claimants? By wht sign shall we know the living, /loving mother of God's children ? '?-By.-j sign,' said the profound' and brilliant Laoordatr, ' as resplendent as he eun, which no falBe authority posaessB, which no false authority can couuteceit — the sign of Universality or Cutholicfy.' Yes, beloved brethren, Universality h Catho ltcity in teaching all revelatiow or ' the deposit of faith,' and all hatiis, and in subsisting in all ages, utichjiged and unchangeable, a substantial unit both as to its principle of. life and ajn visible Society. Yea, as in tbe ilajJof Saints Pacian and ? Augustine, the pery name Catholic points out one socief , as alone inheriting the privileges aij attributes that tradition and the Scriptups affirm to belong to the Spouse of Chris, the living teacher of the nutionfl. Beig Catholic, as all Christians must admitshe must be one ; for/unity, which eo in Jy confound ! with totality, is (essential to what is ! Caiholic. Equally^bsiird i/ it, said the. late splendid' geiiiii'tF pwryin.^o attempt to conoeive of fflfc«|^iyW aAiiijJgfiiiite aggregation ot parflf nlars osTffatteinpt to reach eternity' by an| indefinite aggregation of moments'.' I But the visible unity,' which her invisible unity demands, that she may not bf a monster, one soulinformingmauy distifct and sepa rate bodies, cannot obtain wrthout unity of authority. Without a caitral visible authority division must arise? and Christ's kingdom would necessarily be split up into a nuraoer or national duicuca, ratu one formed of members dbposed to all others as much in religion i s in politics. THE CHURCH KRSEKTIA LY PAPAL. Therefore did God the So determining, like a wi6e architect, to bi Id His Church on a solid foundation, fou d her on one — on Peter — thereby 'confer* g on him tbe sublime privilege of giviijr her security, permanence, and solid viphle unity, and of preserving, in the profession of the same faith and iu the ? acrepbince of the same sacraments and in submission to the same essential dipeiplirif, the elect of God, called to grace aid mercy from every nation, tribe, and iongue. ' Thou art Peter, and upon this wck I will build my church, and I wiil ;ive to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her.' With the living Peter a*i must be joined in communion. FrorV him flows all jurisdiction or spiritual authority. It belongs to him to oorre:t abuses, to crush errors in faith, and to inforce discipline. He is the supreme pistor and doctor of souls, binding amJ losing in every part of the world, and by . supernatural assistance preserved from error, when speaking as head ol. God's Curch on matters of faith or teitifying to facts of revelation. He inay.however, sin ; may like the just man f/illseven times a day. ; for God has not promsed him immunity from the assaults of 3ie world, the flesh, and the devil ; nor ha He deprived him of free will. His juthnrity is in the spiritual order_;..and!. Jtbin authority Jie uses as the suprene representative of that order or the order of grace and salvation through Christ our Lord. His temporal power or lis independence as a temporal Sovereigr merely secured him freedom of action h spirituals. ' With out temporal power, said tne spienaia Lacordair, ' the supremacy was the enslaving of truth, confiding it to one man, and that mai handed over to the mercy of an empenr, a republic, or some other powor.' Ths profound utterance of the gifted oratcr has found sad and striking illustratiois in London, Berlin, Geneva, and Petenburg, where men have dared to degrade religion to a state policy, and its representatives to be merely officers of the slate. But, whether in ' the sunless bosom of the catecombs,' or in; the halls of Caaaa, at Fontainbleau or Gjta, at Avignon or on the Seven Hills, tl» loving Peter always represents Chriut^the invisible head of the Church, speate in His name, rules by virtue of His aithority, teaches with out error, through His help, and guides with unerring ann over the troubled waters of sin ani error, the old bark bearing to the ha/en ot (rod s rest the predestined of every nation, tribe, and tongue. The Ciurcb is therefore essentially Papal: without it she is inconceivable in the visible order. For being a visible unity, she is inconceivable without a central {visible life. Who can therefore wondeij that the great Saint Ambrose, ponderiqg on the Divine words, spoken long, long ago by the God man in tho quarters of CAsarea Philippi, ' Thou art Peter . ? . i , cried out. Where Peter is there is the Church.' THE INDESTRUCTABILITY, IMMUTABILITY, AND SANCTITY OF THE CHURCU. Oh, glorious Spouse of the Lamb, and joyful mother of all the faithful ; im parting to all your children, and rocsiving not from them, Ijgjit, beauty, and life. ' Ypti,' as wrote npt long since the great American convert, IBrownson, 'know no interruption, no succession of days, no lapse of years. You can never grow old, never fall into the past. The individuals whjo compose yourhody may change, but you change nevei may fall off, but you remain for ever the same: Yea, that very identical lx-dy which saw Christ when he tabernacled in the flesh. With one hand you rdceived the deposit of faith from Christ and the Apostolic college, and with Ihe other you impart it to us. Resting in your maternal arms, I feel on ijy cheeks the breath warmth of I'ajiick, of Bride, of Coliimba, and JlaUcliy : and, catching over thfl gulf ofitime the hand of the a;re.it Patriot Bishop, Saint Laurence O'Toole, my olal heart, with a thrill, responds to the twofold love, which con sumed as a fire las whole being : I love my God, and I (ove my native land : I love God and *cred Erin — mother of Raints and sagis, of men brave as Sebastian, and of women pure as Agnes. Immortal and injlestnictible supernatural rivalling, in thq folly of their pride, Lucifer, havo dired to reform you, who are informed by the indwelling spirit of God. But as tin great Saint Chrysoston said in the fourdi century : ' Before you attempt to chaige the Church, change the sun, the moon, and the stars. Much sooner will you succeed in destroying the light of the sun1 than in weakening the Church.' As msn cannot annihilate you, I so are they impotent to stain or assail you. Neither j-ope, nor bishop, nor priest, nor laymm, — it matters not how ] hideous tbe gu'ment of sin which they caBt around their own rebellious natures, — can darken or stain your beaming face, j bright beautiful spouse of Jesus. Your beauty and your sanctity are not of earth earthly : They come from heaven, ' and have their source in God's indwelling spirit — in the paraclete, sent to abide with God's Church for ever. WHY GOD'8 CHURCH 18 PERSECUTED. Bat how comes it to pass that God's greatest work of mercy and love is always bo fiercely assailed by the very creatures for whose happiness and whose glory God mercifully worketh through the instru mentality of the church ? Ah ! beloved brethren 1 the sublime code of morality, proclaimed on a mountain of Palestine by Jesus Christ, iB in direct opposition to the passions of fallen man, to his pride of head and heart : And this code the fiAthnlic church, without ceasing: inculcates and enforces. For this reason the enemies of God and His Christ have assailed her in every age and jn every country, since Peter preached his first sermon, and God began to erect His church on the chosen rock. ' And all said St. Paul, who will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.' ' If you, said Christ, were of the world, the world would love its own, but because you are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world liateth you.' BCANDAL8 OF CATHOLICISM. God's church is also often forced to encounter other foeB than those outside her visible communion. Alas I her worst enemies are not seldom found within the household of the faith. Often do her baptised children make Satanic efforts to destroy sanctity in God's children, and battle fiercely on the side of error and sin with truth aud holiness of life. Yet, with the patience and love of a fond mother, the Cathojic church tries to convert the prodigal. But tailing to do bo she is constrained, in order to save many from corruption, to drive forth from her sacred enclosures residents so unnatural, so perverse. Alas, as Christ said, ' Scandals must needs come.' And scandals have come in every age since the Apostolic college furnished the betrayer of the G-od man. This is no marvel, for God does not force any man to live or die a saint ; and He but mercifully gives him aid full and superabundant to live aud die in supernatural union with Him. And when scandals do come, weak minds and hearts greatly inclined to evil gladly seize upon examples of depravity among Catholics to justify their own deeds of darkness and their wild assertion of universal corruption. Ah I but has it been ever heard in any part of the world, that any one, after leaving the Catholic church, astonished and edified society by a wonderful and strict observance of chastity and other virtues? Have you ever known a really pure and virtuous man, or a really pure and virtuous woman, to go forth from the Sion of God, and leave the lingering aroma of supernatural virtues with the people amongst whom the sun of life went down ? J defy the world to give one instance of a remarkably self-denying spirit in the person of an apostale Catholic. Oh! It is impossible. Though, indeed, they seemed to go out from us, they were not of us ; and, in the excess of their folly, they dig-ged to themselves cisterns, broken cisterns, that could hold no water, because the waters springing up to eternal life in the Catholic church had become distasteful to corrupt nature. THE ELIZABETHAN TRADITION. The supporters, however, of the Eliza bethan Tradition never weary reminding us of the weakness tbat characterized, and the sins that made famous, many . an erring child of God's Church. But of their repentance, or of the efforts of the Catholic Church to convert the prodigal, no one is found generous enough to make honorable avowal, much less to approve. Yea, writer after writer continues to flood the world with false statements against God's Church — against her purest and best children : and these statements, again and again boldly repeated, acting on weak minds and sordid natures, make some Catholics half-afraid to de ?Fun/l t-ho na + lmli/* fliiiitvili nnA ntlmrQ ashamed to kneel at her alters in prayer to the once caluminated, scourged, and crucified Head of the Catholic Church. THE GLORY AND HAPPINESS OF BEING A CATHOLIC. But is it not a splendid privilege to be a member of the Catholic Church, and a blessed lot tbat of sharing the favours at her disposal ? To the carnal eye, her beauty may appear hideous deformity, and to unaided reason she is indeed a myatery. But viewed in a light brighter than that of reason— in the light of faith — triumphant in Heaven and mili tant on earth : in Heaven without spot or stain, and without even the possibility of bearing in her pure bosoiu one erring one, and on earth pure and holy too — with a purity and sanctity, deriving from God's indwelling spirit, but continually forced to try and make pure and holy her wayward erring children — you shall find all things harmonising as only God could make revelation and reason, grace and nature harmonise. Tis true, I allow, when reading the history of the P.nflmlin nimrf0- frnm flip firfif. Pnntp.nnst. to her present hour ctf glory and triumph despite leagued oppression, you shall find the weakness of man as well as a power and a beauty, -siot of this world, characterising every great under taking and sublime achievement. But whether in moments of successful strength or of a weakness merely apparent, the same beaming: Divine beauty is ever sending forth purest rays ; the same glory, not of this world, is ever increasing in its dazzling brilliancy, and the same unconquerable resolve, that ChriHt shall reign from His cross over a wicked obstinate world, is ever mani fested under every difficulty and in defiance of filial treachery and persecu tions unto death. Therefore do minds of a hiarh order — therefore do a Brownson and a Newman, a Manning and a Wilber force, a Ripon and a Robert Montague, having, during the hours of free inter course with intelligent Catholics, mastered the prejudices, begotten of I social training and nursary reading, and having corrected impressions, made on their young minds by a baseless tradi tion, enter, with God's aid, the Catholic Church, becoming once more little I children to gain the Kingdom of | Heaven. THE PERSECUTIONS OF THE CHURCH A PROOF OF HUB DIVINE 0KIG1N AND INDESTBUCTABI LITY. If, however, like the Jews wo seek signs and wonders to make livelier our faith in the immortality of the Catholic Church, what greater 6ign, what subliruer wonder, than the very existence of the Catholic Church from the days of her retreat in tho catacombs to this her day of greatest trial ? Peter entered the proud and I polluted city of the CtBsars as a poor I wearied footsore traveller ; and Paul came I there in chains. No royal hand was Btretehed forth to welcome them : No decree of Emperor nor act of Parliament heralded their approach, or protected their persons. Yet, commissioned and aided by Christ, ever abiding with His Church, and able to do all things in Him who gave them strength, ' The sound of the voices j of those two Apostles went forth into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world.' To His little flock, to His .Church, stripes and tortures, obloquy and bitter contempt, insult and derision had been promised by our dear Lord as His greatest blessing, and a sign of His ardent love. ?' Yea, the time cometh, said Christ, that whosoever killeth you, will think he ?doeth a favor to God.' And when that hour did come ; to the immortal honor and glory of the Catholic Church be it proclaimed, the ferocious and criminal attack on God's Church, on the bravest wen, the purest women, and the gentlest virgins, was initiated by the greatest monster of lust and cruelty that ever trooped a nation of abject and corrupt slaves. On a false charge, and for a crime committed by himself, an Imperial madman ordered the Christians, who prayed and bled at every pore for an ungrateful empire, to be thrown to the wild beasts. Forthwith was heard for the first time the wild startling cry ' Christians ad Leones,' which for ages continued to ring out through the streets of Rome, seething with infidelity and every sort of crime, as well as through the towns and villages of the provinces ; now in the calm eventide, and again at the solemn midnight hour, or while lovely morning was pouring a flood of gladden ing iigui auu riuu ueuuiy uvci uic »wi Roman empire. The Satanic exampk of remorseless hatred and of atrocious cruelty, given by the first Roman persecutor of God's darling children, has had ever 6ince an abiding influence in the Council chambers1 and on the actions of infamous despots, aiming to becoma Pontiffs and Kings, the irresponsible rulers of the 6ouls and bodies of their abject slaves. Ever since, too, in nation after nation, while ages were rolling on, ' the Father of lies' has, with appalling success, been urging on vile despots to first caluminatc, then rob of property and education, and finally murder the pure and good, the brave and true. From Nero to Bismarck, Victor Emmanuel, and the atrocious torturers of the faithful, gallant Poles ; from Celsus to Renan and Strauss ; from Simon Magus and the Gnostics to Luther, the Mormons, aiid Spiritrappers ; aud from Photius to Febronius, Dollinger, Hyacinthe, Rainkens, and the contempt ible group of apostates calling themselves 'Old Catholics,' philosophy, error, lust, and pride, have been leagued with unprincipled legislation and vile despot ism, to corrupt, or annihilate the church of the living God. But, as the great Saint and gifted Biblical scholar, Jerome, said in the fourth century, ' Being erected on Peter, no storm could shake her, no raging tempest could overthrow her.' THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IN IRELAND. Oh bear with me, my dearest friends, if I am forced, by the sight of so many bishops, so many priests, with Irish hearts and names ; and by this vast assemblage of men and women, exileB ?frnin Tnnisfail. to look out from amidst those sad but glorious memories, on a land I once called my home ; on a land whither Gorres seemed to see ' some potent spirit transplanting the cells of the Nile valley with their inmates ; a land that gave, in the lapse of three centuries, 850 saints to the Church, and brought over io Christianity the north of Britain, and a great part of yet Pagan Germany.' In her green valleys, and on her hills, covered with the elegant ruins of moijastries, convents, and churches ; in the tones of her music, sad as the dying notes of the captive Hebrew's harp ; in the mournfu traditions of the Celtic race, whether at home or in exile ; in the three confis cations, which, like a horrid simoom, passed over her rich green fields ; and iu the thrilling wail of the millions, driven from sacred Erin, by licentious might, to die on foreign shores, with their hearts turned to Fatherland, and their eyes fixed on the star of a scattered race — ' the star of faith' ; in all and more we can find traces of the workings of the same ' Father of lies,' and of the ferocious and faithful imitators of the detestable Nero. But, blessed be God for evermore ! the irrepressible power of Catholicity lifted up the children of Bride and Patrick, despite every trial, to freedom, peace, and tbe proud altitude of a great nation. Like the Catholic Church, she conquered by the God given power of passiv. resistance. She overcame every enemy by humility, purity, and martyrdom. Our Immaculate Lady Queen, and Jesns, ruling from the Cross in His red robes, cheered and sustained the faithful Celts and pointed out the only way to the mountain of God's rest and glory. IRISH MISSIONARIES. And to-day, how lovely ou the mountains of America, England, Scotland, and Australia, are the feet of her missionary children, her sons and her daughters. The gifted Gorres seemed to see, and his heart was no doubt thrilled at the imagined sight, the living glories of the Nile Valleys transported to Ireland. Ah ! raise your eyes to the Emerald gem of the northern waters, and say wliat do you see ! You behold God Almighty lifting up a living church, a living branch of the holy vine, and planting it amid the orgies and errors of proud Albion ! With the exiled Celtic race the Catholic Church once I more took up her abode in once Catholic j England. By their pennies — the mites of I God's poor — chnrclics and schools were raised, and the Cross wus made to tower to the skies in every part of the land. Then, too, on the hall-:ivirted ears of the faithful remnant of the (lower of British ciuvairy leu, niie neavciny suaiiiB num angels harping on their harps, the burn ing words written long ago by blensed Paul to the proud merchants of Corinth : ' See your vocation, brethren, that there arc not many wise according to the .flesh, not many mighty, not many noble; but the foolish things of the world hath God chosen, that he may confound the wise ; and the weak things of the world hath God chosen that He may confound the strong. That no flesh may glory in His Bight.' Forthwith grace touched and moved the unwilling hearts of those proud descendants of the Anglo-Norman ; and on condescending to embrace the poor of God, the exiles of Erin, they cheered them on with a heartiness increasing to this very day. And, though not at all unmindful of what they considered their national superiority, they kindly applauded the historic faith and ardent zeal of Patricks children, while they were collecting the stones antf -t hewing the wood to erect temples to th« ? ??- Living God on foreign shores, far from th« ruined homes of their eires. IRELAND IN AMERICA. Again raise your eyeB to the Emerald gem in her azure setting, and say what do you see I You behold millions of brave end good men, and of pure and virtuous women, flying over the deep waters of the Atlantic, from the rapacity of feudal ? lordlings aud the death grasp of famiue to the hospitable shores of great America. And though the bones of those who never reached that land of freedom ?nay he said to have made a sort of bridge or causeway from Ireland to New York in the ocean's bosom, yet millions lived to leaven the whole nation — to give bishops to the sees, priests to the sanctuaries, and Monks and Kuns to the cloisters of that grand Republic ; and to dot, as with so many burning stare, her towns, her hamlets, and her prairies with churches, schools, convents, and monasteries. Oh ! what heart io cold, as not to glow at the very mention of sacred Erin's name ? What spirit so ungenerom ^ as to refuse to honor a fortitude, in tht battle for God and His Christ, with the world, the flesh, and lite devil, un paralleled in the annals of the world ? IRELAND IN AUSTRALIA. But much as America, England, and Scotland are indebted, in the supernatural order, to the faith, hope, and charity, with which the good God adorned and enriched the pure souls of St. Patrick's children, our own fair jjand owes more, far more, to a race, always faithful in both the supernatural order and the natural order, but always unfortunate in the natural order. To behold that sad JIUCeamUH tfi. JJUaticUllB, blUipjC, Uiav*;, uuu upright, as Bayyard, and yet covered with wounds and clanking chains. All ! They are coming from the battle, fields of Wexford and Wicklow, where, having been goaded into rebellion by the 83'6tematic and maliciously directed efforts of vile statesmen, determined to filch from Erin her natural right to treedom, and to rob her children of happy homes and altars free. They have been' fighting for property and dear life, for the virgin purity of their daughters, and the unsullied honor of their wives, with a brutal mercenary soldiery, tbat never spared man in its anger nor woman iu its lust. From the deck of the vessel, that is to bear them to the vast prison of Australia, they are looking — as they now 6eem to us — on their ruined homes, and listening to their women's parting wail. Though a merciless despotism has made them familiar with the horrors of _ the triangles, the pitch cup, and picketingB, yet their hearts are soft and loving as the heart of a good mother. No wonder, therefore, a suppressed wail arise6 from their bursting hearts to their cold, Blenched lips, for they tsee their priest hood hunted like wolv-s, and their dear old country overthrown. At that moment hope no doubt bade them look for brighter scenes and a happier lot on the virgin soil of Australia. Alas ! how cruel and bitter was the disappointment awaiting the arrival of those brave men. Australia was then the veriest'.Pandemonium, where vice held high revel, and lash and chain alone held sway. But within their hearts wai a great hidden power — the power of holy faith — helping and -mGv-iHg- -them — -to ? — patiently suffer tor Uhnst crucihed, and to remain with Him in His sorrows. Of this precious gifi, of God, a wretched unprincipled proconsul made brutal efforts, with the help of hunger and the lash, to deprive them. Tlien, indeed, was coae the hour of their triumph and glory. The good God elected them to be the germ of a great spiritual nation, to be ' ths mustard seed' from which, watered by their tears, and enriched by the blood that flowed from their scourged backs, arose to the skies the glorious tree of Catholicity with its spreading branches covering all this fair land. But licentiou* despotism having forbiddenthe Soggarth Aroon to put foot in Australia, to bless or 6!nine the bondsmen, they are forced to drag out a wretched existence without sacraments or sacrifice, without the consolations of religion. While they trembled at the thought of meeting God iu judgment, they cried to Patrick, Bride, and Immaculate Mary in their great needs; aud God heard their prayers, and marked out their future consoler. Methinks I se« to-day a young Irish Levite pacing th» historic balls of old Carlow. Yea, I hear him, while keeping watch before tin tabernacle of the holy chapel, crying out : ' Father, I heard Thee calling, And have hearkened to Thy voice, Oh make Thy son more worthy Of his loving Father's choice.' Ere long that young levite, ordained a priest of the Most High God, starts tor i Australia, bearing in his warm heart lova i to all and sympathy with the poor of God. ' That was indeed a blessed day for Australia on which the Apostle of ths | Antipodes— John Joseph Terry— landed ! on her shores. What part of Australia did be not visit : and oh, how many sad hearts did the young Apostle of Australia I make glad ? His name is in benediction : I his footprints are everywhere in~'your I valleys and in your hills. But deeper ,, I were tho impiesKinns made on the .. ? m broken hearts of those whom only Jesus, Mary, and God'K priest pitied and love. Oh, people of Burrowa ! ' My mouth is opened to you to-day, my heart is enlarged.' For memory recalls a day in the distant past, wlitnl knelt to receive the Mossing of John Joseph Terry— then an old venerable priest — my heart was full : I could scarcely speak ; but his prophetic words, which still keep ringing in my ears, thrilled ine with joy : ' Go back to Erin, iny dear Brother ! God will surely restore you when I am gone ; and ; your heart shall rejoice when you nre allowed to take part in the trials and triumphs of the immortal Catholio Church.' And never di-] the emotions of joy stir more profoundly my heart or j my companion in holy arms — Doctor I McAlroy, — than on this day. Once more I ainongt-t a people wo had learned to I respect and love, in the morning of our I priesthood, in its calm evening. We I together thanked God for living to see I this day. But in what words can we I more aplly bid you and yours o united I farewell, or invoke a united blessing on I the generosity that lifted this glorious I church on high, than in tlie sacred form I of words in which the old Celts for I centuries greeted each other? — I wish I I could give it you in the old, rich tongue I j of my fatherland. From the depth of I j our hearts to-day we cry : May God, I Mary, and Patrick bless you. I The Eennon occupied an hour and a I quarter ; but the rich harmony of voice I and pleasing gesture of the very rev. I preacher sped the period, and every one I said it was a grand sermon, grandly I delivered. I Ediltd, Printed, cud ruluitlitil Ijy W- V. Bv»B». / 