f From the Gympie Times.) Brisbane, December 18. — Government lioli' days have been proclaimed here from Saturday until Thursday next. — Mr. Farnell, the mover of the vote of want of confidence in the Robert son Ministry, New South Wales, has succeeded in forming a Ministry. — Mr. Mein (Postmaster Geucral) left for Sydney to-day. — Mr. Dickson (Colonial Treasurer) returned last night. — Heavy showers fell this afternoon. — The Port Darwin line is still interrupted. ( From tlie Courier .) ? London. November 30. Despatches received at Stamboul from Sulei man Pashu, state that the loss of the Russians at Godikoi (#// O' on Tuesday. November 27, amounted . to 7000 (xiei killed and wounded, whilst that of the Turks was only 900. .Rockhampton, December 17. — Messrs. Jackson and Headrick made to-day a partial canvass of the town on behalf of the proposed Peak Downs Copp-r Mining Company. 1500 shares were applied for, and the project was favorably received. — Mr. William Smith, man ager of the Gas Company, died to-day, after a lingering illness. His successor is already ap pointed. SydneV, December 17. — The tolls on the Government roads will be abolished at the end of the current year, pursuant to the resolution of the Legislative Assembly, but the tolls on the ferries are to be continued. — Preparations are being made by a company to bore for coal in the neighborhood of Sydney. Adelaide, December 15. — Telegraphic ad vices state that there is a probability of a Chinese merchant commencing sugar growing in the Northern Territory. December 16 — The New South Wales Cus toms Convention has been extended one month pending frfrther arrangements. (From tlue Telegraph.} Cooktown, December 14. — The Attorney General, accompanied by Mr. Warden Mow bray. leaves by the Leichhardt. steamer, to morrow. for Island Point, and proceeds thenee to the Hodgkinson. Sydney, December 14. - The Victorian stock tax is preventing all fat stuck north of Hay from being sent to the Melbourne market. December 15. — A monster shark made a savage attack upon a youth while bathing at ?the Balmain wharf. A gentleman named Ridley most courageously jumped into tfce water, and a fierce struggle ensued between him and the monster for the possession of the boy. The man eventually became the victor, actually pulling the boy out of the shark s jaw by ghe^r strength. Not a particle of flesh remained on the boy's leg from the kneecap down to the foot. The poor youth was in a fearful plight.— It is announced that Bishop Barker, the Anglican Metropolitan of Austra lia, who is now 67 years of age, has been mar ried to a young lady of twenty-tnree. The marriage has created a sensation here. MelbOUENE, December 14. — A family con sisting of seven persons. Poles, have been £ und at the Melbourne railway station in a state of starvation. They had come from New Zealand, where they had been unable to obtain work — The Hospital Sunday Fund amounts to up wards of £6000, being over £1000 in excess of the collections du-ing any previous year. — It was stated in the Assembly last night that numerous large frauds were perpetrated under the Drawback Act, and that stringent mea sures would be taken for the future to preveut such practices. Tlie Minister for Railways has declined to increase the wages of the men em ployed in railway construction. The Hart and Searell Tronps, whose elegant entertainment will be remembered with plea sure by those who witnessed it about two months ago, announce their intention to per form at the Town Hall to-morrow and the fol lowing night. In the present dearth of amuse ments, these clever artistes will no doubt be warmly welcomed. The Secretary pro tern . of the Maryborough Gas Company reports that the application money on 1350 out of the 1520 shares applied for, has been paid in, thus proving conclusively the bona fides of the applicants. These appli cations represent £'5750 out of the capital of £7500 required to be subscribed in order to enable the Company to begin operations, and the small remaining balance, Mr Robertson, thinks, will be forthcoming before Xraas. On enquiry at the Immigration Depdt last night, we were informed by the Wardsman that vety few official engagements had been effected. The number under his charge had, however, been reduced by parties making agreements on their own account, to about 100; the wages ruling being from £50 to £55 for married couples, and from £30 to £45 for single men ; not bad wages, considering hard times and want of experience. A public meeting in connection with the Musical Union, will take place to- night, at the Council Chambers, Town Hall. We under stand that there is a good prospect of being able to secure the services of an efficient con ductor, two applications for the post baring been received up to date. Two females, suspected to be of unsound mind, were yesterday dealt with by the Police Magistrate. Medical evidence having been taken, the patients were committed to the Reception House, Brisbane, for one month. ' It has astonishing healing properties.'1 is the verdict of all who have tried Bakeb's Aus tralian Eucalyptus Ointment. — [advt.] Since our last appearance, the temperature has been running through the gamut of com parison — hot, hotter' hottest, from morning till night. There was, however, one delicious break on Tuesday evening, when, for the space of three hours, a soft yet copious rain fell, to the extent of nearly an incli. Last night, as we went to press, there were strong indications of another 'time of refreshing,' as the goody goody magazines have it, and we trust that they may be verified. The attendance at the Town Hall, last night, to witness the entertainment ot the Cheevers and Kennedy Troupe, was only* moderate. The audience, however, testified in an emphatic manner their approbation of the performances, which are of the broadly farcical kind and weil adapted to Wile away a leisure evening. The troupe proceed to Rockhampton to-day, where, judging from the style of higlx-floWn and in discriminate eulogy with which ' professionals' visitiug that town are usually apotheosized by the loc$l press, their merits are likely to be better appreciated. The almanac season is setting in with its customary severity, and our office is littered with accumulating reminders of tlie coming year. It is impossible that we shouldi under the circumstances, make individual acknowledgement of all these gift horses, much less look each in the mouth. A large propor tion of them are Ead rubbish, and within a week of publication will disappear, unmourned, to the mysterious limbo where the grand secret * What becomes of all the pins ? ' finds its solution. With reference to two of the Polynesian laborers by the Chance, who were rejected by the Inspector of Polynesians as physically unfit for plantation labor, we understand that the Government have remitted the question o^ their retention,' or otherwise, to the Police Magistrate (Mr. Buttanshaw) and the Health Officer (Dr. Power) for their decision. This strikes us as rather a curious way of backing up the gentleman whom they have appointed to the invidious office of inspector, in the per formance of his unpleasant but necessary duties A short time back, a letter appeared in our columns complaining of the neglect of the late hon. secretaries of the W. B. and B. P. and Agricultural Association to famish members with copies of the annual report for the past year. We are requested to assure the writer that a copy of the report in question was posted to the address of eveiy member of the Society and that if it has in some cases mis' carried, the fault lies with the Post Office and not with the late secretaries. We learn from the Maryborough Primary School Committee that the gross proceeds of the late concert at the ToWn Hall amount to about £36. which, after deducting expenses, will leave a net balance of £30 or thereabouts. The liabilities for which the committee have been '? let in' by the Department of Public Instruction sum up to about £20, which will leave a balancc of £10 available towards the purchase of a harmonium. We understand that negotiations are pending for the purchase of a first-class instrument of the kind at a cost of £30, and that it is proposed to make up the deficiency by giving, shortly, another 'Chil- dren's Conecrt.' The ceremonial ' turning of the first sod,' so often threatened and so often postponed, must not be taken too literally. Judging from the amount of stumping and burning off that is taking place at the further end of the Rail way Reserve, a good many ' first sods' will have been turned before the silver spade and mahagony barrow come into play. The scene of operations presented quite a brilliant spec tacle last night, reminding us of old Homers description of the myriad watch-fires of the Acheean host on the plains of Troy ; only that there were no watchers here beside the fires ; unlesB, indeed, the ghosts of departed genera tions of blackfelJows may have stood invisible sentry beside the smouldering remnants of the trees that sheltered them of old, when Mary borough was a dense forest, and churchesi pubs., police stations, reception houses, and other evidences of civilization were as yet un dreamed of. Among the various attractiobs in the way of Christmas Presents, the Lady Young has brought a grand display of Novelties, which will be on Exhibition at the Bee Hive at the most reasonable prices. — [advt. J The arrival of the Saraca, in tow by one of A .S.N. Company's steamers this morning, recalls attention to the want of a local steamer for pilot aud harbor service, which would be available as a tugboat on occasions like the prtsent, and save delay to the regular mail steamers. The Mary, at Rockhampton, now undergoing repairs, did and no doubt will do much useful work in both departments, and there can be no reason why Maryborough should not enjoy the same facilities. The steamer Lucy — for which we are duly thankful — is fully engrossed in at tendance on the dredge, and long may she remain thus usefully employed ; bnt it is obvious that she cannot be tugging silt barges and doing pilot and lighthouse service at the same time. The pilot vessels, we are credibly informed, are employed half their time in con veying supplies to Sandy Cape, Lady Elliot's Island, Inskip. Point, &c.;, and to that extent their power of affording assistance to incom ing vessels is diminished. When the dredge has cleared the river of obstructions to naviga tion, and shipping increases as a consequence of the development of the Burrum coal-field and the prosecution of railway works, the in convenience will become serious, and the Government will regret not having laid the keel of a steamer for harbor use at Maryborough in good time. But is not too late to do so at once. Something interesting in the matrimonial line cropped up a day or two ago. A fond wife (we won't mention names), having re ceived a letter from her ' bosom's lor 1,: in the far north, was compelled, owing to ' deficien cies in her early education,' to get somebody else to read it for her. Tbe epistle depicted in glowing colors the terrible state of depres sion prevailing at Cooktown, and the impossi bility of a man earning enough to pay his fare down by steamer, however ardently he might long to return to his ain fireside. The writej. concluded by suggesting, as a feasible scheme for enabling him to obtain a gratuitous passage, that the wife should obtain a warrant for his arrest on the ground of desertion. What fur ther occurred when the lady heard this portion of the letter read, we can imagine, hat for want of sufficient information cannot describe. The thing, however, by some means got ' blown upon', — (female tongues will wag, at whatever risk)— and the warrant is not very like'y to be applied for now, still less to be granted. State School, Tinana.— On Saturday last, the parents and children residing in this locality were invited t i b.e present at what Mr. Sam Weller would denominate as a ' svvorree. % A number of prizes and presents had been pur chased by public subscription, and the presen tation of these formed the great business of the evening. Atter a reading by tue teacher ' Out of the old house, Nancv,' the books were handed over to the prize-winners by the chair man, Mr. Hodgkinson. The head scholar, Joseph Manski, obtained a special prize of a ? box of paints for a book 1 of maps (in colour ?), and ' Marmaduke Merry' for general progress The names of the other prise-winners are given below .— Julia Manski, general progress ; Annie Dakin, regular attendance ; Stephen Gagodzn ski, general improvement ; G. F. Hill, regular attendance; K. Nolan, good spelling; Thos Hogan, good conduct and general progress ; M E. Hill, regular attendance ; E. Parke, good conduct : J. Nolan, good conduct ; Alice Tbefs. regular attendance ; Pauline Milczwski, regular attendance; Anna Schmidt, regular attend ance : William Weber, regular attendance'. Each of the remaining children were presented with a book, and after a few remarks from thc Chairman and teacher, the programme was gone through. Herr C. F. Thefs and Mrs. Foss acted as musicians, and were followed by Mr. Hirst, sen., who gave ' Pat and the Croco dile,'' by the Queensland author '? Doles.'' Messrs F. Hirst. Morgan, Schmidt, Posel. Wat son, and Miss Jackson, contributed ballads amatory, pathetic, seutimental and moral, and Messrs. Wainwright, Hirst and Palfner, gave .readings Several of the rising generation recited pieces Of poetry and were rewarded by alight repast. Sam. Weller's 'lego' mutton and trimmins,'' were absent, but a light refec tion of saccharine solids was distributed. Mr. Palmer came forward at the close of the meet ing and spoke a few parting words to the parents present, pointing out the necessity sending tbe children to his successor in office The Chairman expressed his personal satisfac tion with the progress his children had made during the time they had attended the Tinana school. After a vote of thanks to the collec tors, proposed by Mr. Dakin, the National Anthem, (sung by the full strength of ihc company) closed the proceedings. — f Com- municated.] Fleas, cockroaches, and all other insects are destroyed by Baker's Insect Destroyer, Is. packets. Guaranteed effectual.— [advt. f 