CITY CORRESPONDENCE. £From our own Correspondent.] Adelaide! October 15,1877. In Parliament there is not much particularly intersting to chronicle. The Government after their virtual defeat in the matter of supply thought discretion the better part of valonr, and instead of making another effort to get what they first5 demanded—namely, £224,000—contented themselves with asking for £100,000, the amount necessary to carry them on until the end of October. This was agreed to without any oppo sition, though Mr. Boucaut availed himself of the opportunity of taking the Premier to task for his criticism upon his previous speech, and par ticularly for Mr. Colton'e use of- the term "in decorous" as applied to that speech^ Mr. Colton did -not trouble to reply, and the debate collapsed at the close of Mr. Boucaut's remarks. The dis cussion on Mr. Basedow's motion for the ap pointment of a commission to enquire into the working of the Education Act has at length come to an end, and the motion was eventually with drawn. I think I mentioned that four members of the Legislative Council intend leaving the colony on long voyages which will prevent their attendance at Council during the next session of Parliament. Mr. Eider has led the van, and intends being away about a twelvemonth. It is said be has left bis resignation behind bim; and that it is in the possession of a fellow member. Of course I don't know what conditions are attached to it, but if it is left for the holder to do what he likes with it, then it'is questionable whether a member ought to be in a position of'handing in or with holding . the ■ resignation just as political in fluences may operate upon him. Mr. Everarl has been appointed one of the honorary commis sioners -to represent the colony at the Paris Exhibition, and as he has lately made a mint of money by tlie sale of land which cost him nothing, or next to nothing, he can well afford a trip home. His departure will remove one annoying thorn out of the path of Sir Henry Ayers. Mr. Storrie is frequently ou the trot, and intends clearing out again for a while.« Of course his vote will be gone, but in no other respect will he be missed or mourned. Saunders McTavish is more popular as a writer than a legislator. When he entered the Council great things were expected of him, but they have not-been realized. Mr. English is also going away, and Mr. To wnseiid will for a lime lose a boon companion. It was reported that Mr." Santo was also contemplating a trip to' America and Europe, but it Is now said he has abandoned the idea. If he were not such an out-and-out supporter of the chief Secretary one might think bis time for office.jvonld soon come, seeing that Mr. Everard will he out of the way, but the days when Messrs. Santo and English were considered eligible men for office seem irrevocably to have passed. Should we have four or five members of the Council absent from the colony next session, it willjjbecoroe a question whether some legislation should not he' initiated to meet or remedy the consequences which such .absences might cause. I remember a session or ; two ago when Mr. Murray was. absent from- the province a single vote was of the utmost conse quence, aud valuable measures - were deferred a session owing to the want of that vote. There are times when the absence of four or five mem bers would cause no incohvience whatever; but there might be other occasions when it would be fraught with moBt disastrons evils. The City Council elections are approaching again, and the "question is being- asked .with some anxiety, " Who is to be our Mayor?" There is a foregone conclusion in many minds .that Councillor Madge is the coming man. For the sake of the colony and for the sake of Mr. Madge himself I do hope the idea will be at onqe scouted. A Mayor should bean educated man, a man of some means and stake in the commu nity, and above all he should be a gentleman. He is the host of the metropolis. He has to en tertain visitors, and sometimes the visitors happen to be Governors and even Princes. It is not im probable that the Prince of Wales may pay Australia a visit next year. If so our. Mayor should be a man of whom we should be proud. Mr. Madge'is a zealous councillor, and he may have means, hut I cannot concede that take him all in all he is j ust the man I should like in the Mayor's Chair. Our City is growing now and the days for being contented with any Bort of person for its Chief Mag'strate are past. At a recent meeting, I notice that three names were submitted—Mr. B. B. Smith, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Coglin. Of course it is only a joke mention ing the last gentleman's name, for although he has a great 'ambition to the Mayor of Adelaide, the. citizens would never ridicule him or insult themsplves by gratifying his wish. It is to be hoped that Mr. Fuller will think-better of it and not enter the contest. As for Mr. Barr Smith he would be one of the best men in the city for the position if he -could only he prevailed npon to takSifrjbnt Idon'tsuppose he will entertain it for a''moment. I don't see why he should so persis tently exclude himself from public positions. He is a. very: forcible speaker; he" is one of our leading and most wealthy colonists; he has a home to which royalty itself once entering would wish to enter again ; and he has all the qualities of an agreeable host. I really think the colony has some claim upon him, and I could wish that he would see it to be his duty to serve the city or the jprovince in some public capacity. Either in the City Council or in the larger arena of Par liament he would soon make his force of charac ter felt, and felt, too, for the henefit of the com munity. I must not quit this subject without expressing my opinion with regard to Mr. Pea cock, who for the last two years has filled the position of Mayor of Adelaide. I think most people will agree with me when I say that no one has excelL d Mr. Peacock in the handsome way in which he has discharged the Mayoral functions. No one has taken a visitor from England or the other colonies to him without his giving him a gracious reception; he has been lavish almost to extravagance in dispensing his hospitality ; and the allowance granted to him by the Council' must have been utterly inadequate to meet the expenses which sb Mayor he has in curred. His praise is in all the colonies, and the champagne merchants will heartily regret his re tirement from the chair. A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public house by employing her brother to net the ghost, and frighten John on his way home. " Wha are you ? " said the guidman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. " I am Auld Nick," was the reply. " Come awa', man," said John, nothing daunted ; " gie'e a shake o' your hapd—I am married tae a sister o' yours." 