TAL€S m SKETCHES. AN OPEN VERDICT.* a. TSSW KOYBL Br tot AatHoa op' 'Lidt AtiDLyA-VSECSEi,' 'Tans at the Fiflon,' 'Dsa.i- MkkV Saons,' ' WsATuas asd Weft/' &c.; ' CairrES XXY.— Mihb Old. FiMiLiia Fsiekd— v CoSIIHtJEI)). . JKellaaidatoppsdlaterthan asaal one afternoon Home Tooke and Broaghast having been atopid and rebellioaa to a degree- tHat necessitatcJ an exemplary punishment in the shape of three Latin rerbs, and Klizabetb. Fry haring exhibited a deeper density than usual as to tho intervals of the minor scale. Thcss difficulties had prolonged the morning's lessons until after the children's dinner, and it vas nearly four o clock when Bella, thoroughly wearied oat, pat on her neat UUlfl black bonnet and bade her sullen pupils good-bye. 'I hope yon don't bear malice, Elizabeth,' aba said at parting. 'I am obliged to bo a little severe about those tfcaiei. It's for your good, yon know. It can't make any di&jrenco; to mz whether yon know how tj chango tho major into minor.' 'And I'm aare I doa't see that it can make &&j; difference to me,' protested tbe injured Elizabeth, 'I am not going to bs a gover ness.' ' j 'Vcryfortnnato for 70a, ay dear,' answered Bella, lightly, ' for, il you waro obliged to get your tiring in that (ray, yon woald have to bo one of the poor things who don't object to make themselves generally csetal, which means that t'tfsy *to io make a'.l their pupils' clothes, and work a great deal harder than housemaids.' And vHb this arrow aaot over Elizabeth Fry's dull head Uella polled on her gloves and de-. parted. In the ball the met Cyril going away. Ho grseted her with a grare kindliness, and they vrent out into tbd wintry twilight to gether, 'I am glad yon hire been to sen Mr.», Piper again,' said Bella, 'yoar risita bare done her so much good,' . ?'?...-? ???.??'?.??.' ' . .' . '' 'I am, very happy to bout tbat. Slio la a kindly simple-hearted creature, sorely tried by proaperity, waisn i» for soaje nstarw a harder lordeal^n&n; ftdroniity,' .; , : '' ;( ' ; , ';':' '? ?,-- ?? : Tliejr walked on for fcome distaaco in siloaeo^, Belk looking tiioaghtfuHy at Uer'companion er«rjr now and then, speculating qpwa the caotcs of bis absent manner and troabltd faco. 'I am afraid yon han been working too hard lately, Mr, Calvt- rbome,' she said at ljuJt. ' Yoa are looking ill and wearied.' ? 'I have been troubled ia uiml,' he answered. 'I am seldom any worto for whit you call bard work— bfit I biro bad ' btltor snxlMies since Gbrittoas. ITaro you seen M0» II»reOeld latelff 'Ro,' anawewd Billa, 'alio bai plenty of friends without me.' ' I do not think »ba kia maay ffienda -in Little Yafford.' 'Bite has tho Dakimars, who are derated to her.' 'Mr, Dokim&T; i» lier ffnardian, and exeeator to her father's will, I &u; sare ho will do all that is right and kind/'' ' vojov mean tuai nara, l/uicimer is not kiou to Beatrix?' asked Bolla, her aearUeatiOL' fast and .fiercely. ; Fi-omjtbo [Qoui98t lie rooatiosed Beatrix IUre field's oamoio tbe iwoe breath with hh own anxie« lies ua bad ia ft raandr aimitted liis bro for her, - ; ?♦ It is nftt in M«, Dnlcimer's nature U- be unkiaa,' *a5'l Cyril, 'btitl fear »ho ii not «o .warftly 'jittached to MwsHw-diold uisho wa3 a ftiibri Viij'd ago ' , t ;? , ? . , ? PuM(«bod hfsptchi srrdnjWMnt with Mie autlior All right* remrml. ? - *' Yoo think, perhaps, she uaaflioon influoncfed by thitfga that have been aaid in Littlo Yafford,? 8UggestcdiJolb,caewly.. . --. . . ; 'I fear so.' ?.-.-. i ' I am very Borry for that. £ jnljrBeatrfc vrllli all my bearC Kut, ' deepJy' a* TtompassionUo her wrotcbed ]-o3ilion, 1 liardl; ' wonder Uiafc peoplo fchould feel difTorcntlv aboutheraiooeher father's death.' 'J)o. jon— her own familiar Mend— suspec* her of ,tlio moat awful criraa tbe mind of man can-' conceive?' exclaimed Cyril. 'Suo may well etand condemned ia the oyes^of -8tranger3 it iier iiesom friond beliotca her guiltj;.'^ 'Oh, fllx. C'ulwrbouao, bpw rjaa you suggest anything m horrible 7' cried Bella. 'I looked to you for her. dtfobce,' ha went on, -without hooding Uiis ejacalation,' 'Tiut outside world might sospect hor. I, even, who hare seoa much inhortoadmira— and love— but who have' had no opportunity of knowing . hor thoroughly. I might waver in my judgment— might be weakly influenced by the oril' thoughts of othors— bat yon, who Lare lived with her like a sister, you mast know Uie very .depth of her heart— surely you can riso up boldty and say aho could not do this hideous thing. It is not hor nature to be come — no, I will not utter, tho loathsome word,' he cried, passionately. Bella answered nothing. Cjrril looked at her searcbioglyin the gray evoning light ' Her eyo HJs. were lowered, her face was grave and troubled. ? ? 'What,' ho escUimod, 'aot a word— aot ouo . trord- ia daEccco of you friond V ' 'What can I 8ay?;' .faltered Bella, with an embarrassed air. 'Da you want me to tell you what I saw in that gloomy hottae? No, I. had , rather not cay a word. Think mo unkind, ungenerous if yoa ijke. I shall be silent about al! things concerning Miss EbrcfieUl and her fatber.' ii: ?? ?? ? ' , Cyril looked at her for a moment, with a coun tenance of blank despair. She snw the toolr, and it intensified her hatred of Bsatris. 'How ho mu3thave loved' her,' ahofeeflglit. 'But willhogo on loring beriBllttBiace i-o£ asus- picion that ifl steil? ftrowthg stronger ?' Outide the Park gates Cyril leffcher; '? tim going tbe other way,' he said, abraptly, and then he raised bia hat and walked quickly along tho high toad that led away from Little Yafford. 'Where can ho b3 going?' speculated Bella. 'I believe he only went that wslj to avoid mo.' It w&3 not a promising commencement, but it seemed to Bella'3 scheming littlo mind tbat Cjril'a affection once weaned from Beatrix would naturally tarn tb her. There was no ouo else in Little Yafford with any great pro tensions to beauty, and a great many people had praised Bella's delicate nret tineta. So long aa ' ,he , vas devoted to Beatrix Mr. Culvsrbouso would no doubt re 'main 'stone blind to'the'cHarms of Bella, but Beatrix once banisbed EromTiis heart there would be plenty of room there' for i small' person with smiling blao«yes aad winning manners. - Tbis was the hope tbat lured Bella onward opon Iho'ugly read stio^iiad chosen for herae|f — and if hope- beckoned her forward jealousy aa surely tbru3t her* on1 with a fierce* impetus and impelled her to 3o barm to Ler rival, eTen though that «ron» might resaU ia no £.iia for herself. * ' ' ! Cai?rss ZX7I.— Gr&a; RBHeciroiy Lovs'Aaa Cyril Culverhbuse was a miserable man. Tho woman he loved, tbe only woman ho ever lored — was free to become his wife, dowered with estates worth ten thousand a year, and jet he held him- self aloof from her, and Bhrank'from any act which should ratify in the present tho tic tbat had bound them in tbe past. ' Ho who should have been the first to consolo tbe fatherless girl ia tbo hour of bereavement and desolation, to support »nd ccminei her under/ the, difficclties of sudden independence— he' wioae heart, yearned towards her in her ionclioeu, stood apart' and allowed her to believe him cold and heartless. Tbe straggle hod been a hard' one'— fcnfc nfter maay troubled days and wakefsl mghla he had made tip - bis mind that it must bo bo, Beatrix and bo -could never go hand in band along tbe path of Itfo. ? aui; uuuu fcimk uuujj urci uui /uu,!!^ |iio ujfffiifc be a shadow which' tue light of tVuth woilld by and by dispel, but until ilie' truth should appear, broad and clear as sunlight/, he could not lake' Beatrix Hareueld to Uis heart, he could not bind Lis Ufo with hers. ' .. ?; Did be believe her guilty ? of ? tb at last and wont of crimes, tbe murder of a father? llardly, Jtut vbe.w»a not fully assured of her ianocence. His ?mind fiad been wraeiod -with 'doubt— ever since ?that day of the inquest wheo'Le had stood ia tho 'doorway and' watched her p»1o stricken face and listened to bu faltoiiu'g words.' , There is nothing ? tlmt tbe human mind more' ijm willingly belts vm than ABtraoge ooiaoidence ; and that coincidence of Miss Harenold't pnrchaaa of tholauaooam within a week of her^fatber's death by laudanum bad been (00 touch for Cyril's faith, Had bis beloved torn a penniless orpBan and no worldly gain to be bad from loving bvr, he mfgut luve , reconciled bis .doubt . vUU IU- honor and married her, trusting to time tor tbo eluci« dalioa of tbe mystery tbat noir«tainod her yomng UtowilhUio Uiot o( posaibltfiuUt, . BuVialnl* ewe .there wm too muoU for ma to win—and ia every feeling tbat dror bin t» Beatrix he reoog. niteda snare of Satan, Witlo hj little ho' bad cometoknow that public opinion inJMttlo iafford— and even in tbo neighbor! og town of Groat Yafford — liAd condemned Deatrlz HtreOcld, Krory do* tail of ber condact bad Leon canvAisod, Ilor late ap'poaranco oa tbe morolog of her fatber'u . death was Uken, M .(itt evldesoo of guilt, 8bo bad feared to fa«e tbo otMlroybe bet crimo ua4 brodjfbt about, and had felfjaod jileep to stava oil tbe appalling moment, Or abe bod irimulftted tbat heavy fclunber In' order to rapport ber story About the' kudanum. Ifor su^gertion tbat ber father should be aoojlit for in a certain toon, and tuo fnct tbat ho wn« foaad ia that very rocitxi.' Ihr .l&mo; utory-robvloualy an after-UiougU—of ' tbo jamlinjam bottlo ioLor motber** room, r£li9- l»Ai ,iktA an empty bolllo hoi been found there provia*D»tblng. Beatrix bad no doabt y]M0& it tthara H,*w&u.; found* 'iliOre bad boon uuuh Umo for bor to (Jo go .between;. tho Mre^ 'and; Bccond rnoeting -'of :tbel coroocrla jury. Tb'ett''fw lo motivo! VSToll, ono need -noi- Jook very, far -ioi' that,' afguod Lilfclo YaOforil. 'Mr. Ilarcfiold bad l/eca a lyriu'Waud, had Aiado bis daughter's life miaorable.- She'taw in bis death ? re lease from a afcru gaoler, {with the assurance 0? Ticaltlti amli indepeudencol Everybody knew —thanks to ber dear frank Mrs. Dulcimer— bow cruelly- tbo- wretched gtrl bad been* treated, even forbiddoalo visit the Vicarage, where she bad always been eo happy. And then- there was that secret' lovo affair, which' had been Bpokon' about at the inquest. ThAt would give ft'fitill olronger motive', tbau vhor' Off a wrongs Tbe more litoravy of Lllfclo Yafford, gentlemen who bad dipped into *old magaiines aud-Annual Registors, quoted the case of Mba Blandy, an. un« fortunate youiiR woman ia tho last^ century, who bad giren Henley on Thamop, tho, place of her birlhand residence, a classic famo by poiaqiiihg ber father with ratsbane mind ia bi3 water gruoL ' * ' ~'~ ? Again, as to character. Everybody who was familiar with Mis Ilarefield— by meeting her oc casionally in her drives and ridos, or 3eeing her once a week at church — wa3 aware that slio waB a girl of resorved and oven melancholy tempera ment, from, whom anything alrango ia conduct or morals might bo orpocted. Then again sho was of foreign extraction on tbe mother's side, and as such prone to crime. Sho waa Italian, and with' a natural JcaniDg to poison aad parricide, And ngaia those stock figures of tUo Borgia and Ceaci wero brought forward and contemptotod shud deringly in tbe lurid glare o£ their guilt. Somo woak-mindod poraoa clung to tiie idea that Mr. Harefleld had taken au overdose of opium unwittingly, but this tame and uninterest ing tbcory was acouted by the majority; 'If Mia3 Ilarefield had aot beea an heiress, we should liavo beard a good deal more about her father's dealb,' anitl Mis3 Goyney, draining her pretty wedgowood tsipotatoao of hor temporata syajisia. ........ Miss Coyney was quite angry with tbe Co oner for not having looked deeper into thiDgs. She epokoof him contemptuously as a hireling and a timeeerver. CrrilCulverhougo knew, what people thought about tbe woman he loved — for he loved' hor none the less because ho held himself aloof from her. His love was deathless. Innocent or guilty he must love her to tho end. Ho knew what people iuuugu ot iiis uoto.voa ; nuow mas ovon Kinuiy Mrs. Dalciruer shook her head, and. shrank from familiar contact with her husband's ward. There waa no ono in Little Yafford except tho Vicar who would take the slandered girl by the hand and boldly 'demonstrate hw belief in her iano ceuce. He, so oasy-goiug on most occasions, wa3 firm asxockhore. He would havo Bsatrixat his houae as ofteu as she chose to como there aithoupb the all-powerful Rsbecca would hardly look civilly &\ her aa oho waitod at table- ? and although, poor Mrg. Dulcimer was sorely perplexed by her presence, Clement Dulcimer was 'stanch, and defied his pa rishionors, whom ho stigmatised generally as a pick of venomods BCindal- moogcr3, whose un cultured minds, unable to appreciate the strong sound meat of literature, battened upon carrion. If Cyril could havo had Mr. Dulcimers faith he would have had Mr. Dulcimer's courage Ho w&a; no slave of other men's opinions, and would havo snapped bU fingers in the face of Littlo Yafford if all had been well within) But there wo3 tho diffi culty. That stricken face of Beatrix^, those wild fllartled eyes— as he had seen them ia the candle lit room at tbo Water. House— haunted him like an evil droam. Ho saw guilt and romorce in tlioso troubled looks— the fear of God and man. Had he been a man who livod for himaolf alone, who bad na higher aim iu'tifo than bis own happiness, Cyril Culverhouee mi/jbt havo stifled the voice of doubt, and listened only to lovo'd pleading. ' But it was not so with him, He had chosen 3 loftier kind of life, he bad given himself a loftier aim. He was to Hvo.for others, and to make tho lives of others belter than their own unaided woaknes3 would make thorn. ? He who was to bo the teacher and counsellor of others must bo, so far aa it is poaoiblo for humanity, spotless in bis life and in his surninndiogs. J Could ho, marry a wifo of whom it' could bo aaid in ono breath, ',' She was suspected, of noisoniog ber father,' and in tho nest,,' Yes,' but oho brought hor husband tea thousand a year?' No. It w&3 clear to him th.it this fatal cloud of suspicion must make a life long sevcranco between Beatrix and him, Lovo might bavo bridged tbo, gulf, but honor and duty bold Lira back. He bad not seou Beatrix tinco her fathor's dealij, and be bad made up bis mind to loavo Littlo YafTorJ without noriing bor, ELlu bunlneoa waa to announce bis rcopivo in a manner tbat would give her the least 'pain' possible -' but bo knew tbe blow would bo bard to bear. Ho know tbat sbo loved' him with an intense and all. absorbing love. 'Ob, Clod,' it abe Iim nianoil so dooply for tbo lore of mo,' bo thought, in a moment of horror, finding himself suddonly on the edge- of a blank abyss ot doubt, down whicb be dared not j look, 'if to bring about our uuion abo baa done tbls hidcoos thing. But no, I will not bolievo bor guilty. I will pity and doploro ber position, tbo victim of groundless Mispicion. If I daro not aacriuco my duty to my Ipvo I will at loast boliove bor innocent,' , ' / Ho remombofod that liltlo .spoccU of hers daring their chauco meeting on thir moor, a flpoecli that bad sbockod and rovollod him at tbo time, and had bocn % j,iiiaful recollcotion to' him aftorwards. tVI« it wickod to with tot my fitbort death T ' Did not that quenlioa imply tltat ulio bud al« road y com mittod tbemin? Was it poaaiblp that tho wiokod wiuh named and ?ehorfalied bad oul« minatod In tho .fatal trrovocablu aot t Tito doubt' tortured him. Ho bid wavered for' momo wooki, tjot quito clear in bin own mind what step to ' ought to Uko, noplngHhfct 'somo new pleco of evldenco, notno doUll id tbo aUrr of Cbrbitlivn Haroflold'a death trjluht pjaco th» v/holo tiuniuoBS In ft uow llj;Iit, ana dotnonutrato Bcitrk'u ianoconco. Uut Mr, flarofioM bad boon tload !\ wontb; tho first nnoWdropi wore lifting tholr |th\o -bonds ' otit 01 the «lstk''bw«lew,' 'tb6 roblnfl wb'ro nlnglng; Mv/oolly in tlio lengthening sftcrnoons, and notb* iBB-,na'dbbeH'discbv6rod tor»mp-ov8 MU--HanA field's poaition in the ? *yeV of f %JM» Yafford. ' ,Nay,Vxatler, a!andor \tiA\\\SJjwfA and intensified ,witk \ discussion,' :',;6tt(t people who', had timorously- hinted1: ) tbfljuf doubtsthreo weeks ngo now boldly declared- tlttfc conviction of tho young lady's guilt. ' *'Hov/.8lie can livo in that big lonely bpu«o^ with no 'ono but Iier governor for companynu( more than I can understand,' said Miss Coynoy* 'shomuBt bo dreadfully hardened.' 'Something more willcomoonf.bofore long, yotf may depend' upon it,' said Mra. Pamfrot, tho pew opener, tober Sttndtiy afternoon c°3sip3*vot th» black crockery teapot, with a sphinx squatting oa the ltd. This wa3 tho general opinion. Everybody was waiting for something to como out. The servants, had doubtless been paid to hold thoir tonguoa — . dark facts had been kopt back by bribery.1 But the truth -would come out sooner o{ later —even ifr Mr. Harefiold's ghost had to walk like the elder Hamlet. 'It may bo a very long tirao, but it will all* come out, sooner or later,' said Mr. l'udway, a* old bachelor retired from the button trade, agroa^ reader of Magaaiaos and Annual RegbtoM, au-t the Rcatlcruau who brought Lucrotia Borgia1 and .Ooatrieo Cenci on tlic tapw. '! Look at Klisa? Penning.' 'Ah,' aignodMiss Coyney. 'Very true.' Slio had the vaguest recollection of Eliza Fon* niu«, as associated uncomfortably with boomteafc; dumpliDgs, and hanged in consequonce of' tho cuv sociation,' but she wa3 not going to exhibit tttW' ignorance boforo Mr, Tud way, Yfho was dioagroQ-, ably solf-sattsfted oa tho etrongth o£ .his atrajr paragraphs and uncoaaidored scraps oi informa*' tion. . ' Beatrix Harofield wa3 slow to discover tn»; current of public feeling. Tho ahock' . of her father's death left her for a little whilo apafcnptia to all smaller emotions, and when that wore oil she had a now and pressing grief in Cyril's : un« kindness and abandonment. Her new BenssoE liberty brought her no happiaoas— ng. 5aare't-- taafco Ehe sweota of feasdvia, 6r to exchange, ilier gloom and solitude oE 'the Water House tin brighter scenea. II her independence did nob bring Cyril to her side it brought nothing: Wealth, power, libsrty, were valueless without him. . The slow days wont by, and sho waitod for hoc. Io7er tj make somo sign. At first she waa incline® to impute his conduct to a restraining dob;caoy- btrt? aa tiiuo went on a horrible fear began to talio holflS of ber aching heart. He was purposely avoid* ing hor. Sho had spent her Sunday eveninga at the Vicarage. Konrickhad been thero^ but never Cyril. She had .heard; Biro/ Dulcimer express her regret- at tho curate'^ ab sence, heard his excuses, v/hich seemed hardlft valid- a sick parishioner to visit— lottera -Jn write, ' I should have thought he woull not like ta, write letters' On a Sunday evening,' said Mr*, Dulcimer. ' It seoma rather lax.' ? . 'Do 'yoa -think it .more lax to write letters than to ait' at tLu table talking of world!/ things ; from tho last village scandal to thai newest fashion iu bonnet crowns,' speculated Mr, Dulcimer. Kenrick iraa staying at tho Vicarage. Mtai Dulcimer bad pressed him hospitably to remain. There was plenty of shooting in the neighbor hood. Mr, Piper had inado him froo of tho Park pre&orvea;— and thero wa3 good sport to be had oa the moor. Altogether ICenrick felt that ho rn5gb.fr a3 well finish out his leave at Liltlo Yaf fonl. His cousin worked so hard that Konrick and he saw very littlo of oachothor, and Konricfe had not yot venturod to 'fiouud Cyril aboui Beatrix. . It was a delicuto subject, and Kourich folt greatly puzzled by his [cousin's conduct. Could Cyril bo buoU a Jootaato givo any hoo$ to the poisonous tonsno3 of Littlo YaffordT tvenrick could hardly irua(;iao »«ch folly, but Us found it diflicult to account for his cousin's avoid* flnce of Miss Ilarefield on any othor ground, «n« Ie6s indeed it were an ovorstrainod dolicacy whicu held him back from pushing liin suit. Oa tho evening oa which Cyril had arrived aI a definite conclusion as to lib line o£ coniluot, Bic Konrick droned in at bis lodgings, aftor fka Vicarago tea, to smoke a friendly pipo with bin cousin. 'You aro not ffoing out tbii evening,' in quired ICenrick, when tboy had ohakon bauds. 'No, I bavo Bomo letters to writo.' 'Docs that mean that I shall boa nuisancoiM stay -with you for an hour or two?' 'Not at all,' answerod Cyril. 'I flhatl toe i' very glad to bavo an ovoniug'w talk, and tttlf, letters can be written bettor toward? midnight than earlier.' - 'That bounds .11 ic tho loiters woro im portant.' 'They are important,' said Cyril gravely, «d bo closod tbo dc-k before which bo bodboeA sitting for near]/ An hour in troubled though^ trying to framu bia letter to Boatrit so that *♦ Bhonld wound as Uttle as possible. ' ' -L ' Wbat a hormit you are growing,' sAid'lCoa rick. ' You hardly over como to tbo Vicwaftd now,' 1 ? ' I bavo eo'much to do oliowbero.' ' But on Sunday evenings,' suggested iCooriok} helplog biouelf to a pipe from 'tbe neat arrangement of meerschaums and brtar-woonj «? tbe mantelpleeo. 'Surely you could npa^i an hour or two after evening jsorvioo for eocla- iuteroouroo.' That ia always the ploamntoiV tlhiflf At the Vicarago,' '? ' - 'I bavo boon, engaged ovonoa Sunday otmm iu«».' - . , 1 1 ',Yo8, of oouraa, for a man who ybta'tfc* poor tbero must bo always an eng»gomoa.t. , ThM( kind of tbiug baa uo limit. Poor poopl* Ilk* U bo read to, and talked to, and oomifalgloii* fttod. Vou can't suppouo tliey - would- ovM tuy 'Hold, enongb,1 But you oagbt to have somf coualderatiou (or your own health ft ad' spirit^ You'ftro looking ill and dopreaiod,' '1 dm not ill, but I plead guilty to (ooliog depressed.'' 'Wbathtuetronblo?' 'I littvo ntodo up my mind to loavo this nUoe —iU'!kr ait it U to mo, I urn going to write to Mr,,I)uWJujor Ibitt ovoulug, to- loll him oiy luioa* lion,' ' You mnsl bo mad,' oilod IConrtok, ' toiva tillllu VlifTyill. iU.U wbOU foltUUO lit I'Okdy to ^OUI leiTfftVdfrliilo yoof Ittp^-jnst^licn Mitt %WKj field is free to bo your' wifo. You-1 must- bo nudj* l&ril.;'... ? ; .'fjrlfoj.lhavo been sorely perplexed, ball an$i not mad. ''t havo deliberately T8oighdd!'thu) question. Beatrix Harofield irfMb *m-F_Mi, ono porfcot woman— tho only . woman -I- can evor lovo — but I cannot ask her 'to bo wy- wife.' 'Why not, in hsavea'anamo?' -' -''-? * - ' ' I bad rathor not enter into uiy feelings on that point.' ' ' ' v ' .? ' f 'Do you moan that yon^a roasonabto man, ?with «yca of your own;atrd a1 mind t)f yonr own to BCOftndjuJgo Tvitli, aro going to Ijo lod and rplcd by tho polty slanderers of' Little Yafford, malicious creatures who envy Miss HaTCfiold her ton thousand .a year 'and wduld liko to think — or at any rate to mako otliero thinL— that sho jumped into fortuno by crimo?' 'I despiao slaudorera and evil speakers.,' taid Cyiil, ' but my wife must bo spotless.' 'Yea, in your own oyeo, and in tbo sight of' heaven. It can matter to .you very little what Little Yafford thiuks of her.' 'To mo individually nolhing- -to my office a ^ groat deal. Tho wifo of a priest mubt be above suspicion— her namo and fame .must be un shadowed.' .'? 'Abandon your office then. You can afford to do it if you marry a woman with ten thousand a year.' Cyril turned upon, the spsaher with oyca that flashed- angrily across a cloud of gray amoko. ?* Konrick, can you believo for ono moraont that ] took that office as a moans of living, or that tho gain of wealth or happiness would tempt mo to surrender it? I should think myself a new Judas if I could turn my back upon my Master to marry the woman I love.' ' Keep your office then, and marry her all the Btwno. Livedown thi3 slander. Stand up bravoly haforo tho world with your wifo by your side, and lot mon say the worst they can. of you. Your life and.hora will bo your answer.' ? ' They would say I had man £ 3d her because ho Jiao ten thousand a year,' said Cyril. ' I should do no good with her money. It would turn to withered leaves in ray keeping. No, I lovo-her — Bhall love her to tho ond— innocent or guilty— but I will, not link my life with hers. Every hour of it would be a struggle between love and doubt.' ? ; ;- ? ' Innocent or guilty,' echoed Kenrick. 'I see you are as bad as the rest. I should not have thousht that nossiblo. You havo auitc made un your mifid then, Cyril. You abandon all hoj?o of winning Mibb Hareneld,'* 'Entirely.' ? . 'Sobeitj'said Kenriok. 'Then let U3 talk of other things.!' ? Though Sir Kenrick proposed a change of conversation ho was curiously silent and ab eont for the next half hour, and' gave Cyril aniple leisure- for thought. The two young men eat smoking and looking' at the firo as they bad done on many a previous evening, each wrapped in his own thoughts. When the clock n tho hull struck ten Sir Kourick emptied the aakoa out of his pips and put it back in its proper place on the inantelnieco. ' Well, good-night, oil fellow,' ho said in hia usual caroloas style. 'How soon do you think of leaving this place.' ' Before the end of tho wcok.' ? ' That's Buddcii,' . u ' Yes, but you remember what the Giaour said *' Defter to sink beneath the shock Xiiau mouldor pleco-weal on tho rock,' *? Painful partings cannot bo too sudden.' '? You will inconvenionco Mr. Dulcimer.' ' Not much. Ho cot on without a curato far Bix months before I came.' . ; ;,? ' Whore are you going?' 'To Bradford.' 'A horriblo manufacturing bole,' exclaimed Sir Konrick. * ' A plaso whoro there is good work to be dene by auy man Btroug enough to do it.' 'Oh, you aro mad, Gvnl, that ia all— a fanatio. No fakir with ohrivellel arms was ever worse. But I wish you well, doar follow, wherever you go.' Kenrick went away, wondering at his cousin'a fooliuhness. Ho did not know how far things bad gono betweou Cyril and Beatrix, or he might havo wondorod still more. Ho thought Cyril jniljhl havo won Misa Harofiold by trying. Ho did not linow aho was already won. 