? LA FESTA DELLO STATUl'O. THE BUIIBCT heavens are all aglow, Trumpets are blown and roses blow, And gales of fragrance and melody flow Bound aloos and palms of tlie Pincian, Where a brilliant Corso seems to grow In endless jn-ooession, rolling slow Through the populous garden, to and fro, Over against the Vatican, Whose vast white silence thunders No, And smites, a self-imprisoned woe, In the face of the Romans' holiday show. Beyond, on the ridge Janiculan, Umbrella pines in funeral row Frown darkly, and infinite shadows throw On the level light. Like a halo of snow, In tinge the mid-ribbon of a rainbow; Above yon dome metropolitan A cloud-ring floats ; in tho nave below A worshipper, licking tho floor, doth go On his knees to lass bronze Peter's too— Religion grovelling in dust, as though An Ariel sunk to a Caliban! Ero evening glides into the gloam, Through tho Villa Medici's sombre gloom. To the crest of the Mountain of Gardens clomb, Lo! tho whole circuit Aurelian! How martyrs' dust from the catacomb Blossoms in many a swelling dome, More richly gilt by tho sunset's chrome— •fcjjgh altar, perchance, an Apostle's tomb, Iho outside steps a beggar's home— Far as the desolate Oaslian, And tho statues tossed in air-like foam From the roof of the lordly Lateran ! The gods are dethroned in tho Pantheon; But ruinous walls, like the crumbling loom Of a once world-skaking thunder-boom, Crop, hqre and there, out of Caesar's Rome, And the grandeur that was Republican. IVom Hamiuian gate to the Aventine, From the Borgo to*the Quirinal, In Campus Murtius, on Esquiliue, And the Trastevere—bell and fkrine— Towers the Rome Pontifical ; With tho Bambino, a doll benign, Miraculous cure in its jewel shine, On the Beat of Jove Capitoline. But Rome still rules Imperial In the region of the Palatme. But a boulevard lords it, lofty and fine In insolence of youth, on the Viminal. Musing, I watch the sun decline, Revealing a golden thread of brine d tll e Campagna's sea-like line, Till in that Hesperian burial The day with its thoughts has gone to join Abe ages dead and the ghosts divine Of the men of the Forum and Capitol. But, land of brotherly palm and pine ! Land of the olive and the vino! Land of Latin and Sabine! A future of glowing hope is thine; _ For a Star in the East ethereal, The Star of Liberty, thine and mine, Poure light in a joyous flood, like wine, To the weary watchers for a sign— New-risen o'er snowy Apennine On the Rome of Victor Emanuel. 'TjjL^ght, but tho city is noisy and gay With crowds on crowds that minelo and flow— b • An under-sweep of majestic sway From the past, heard near and.far away, The voices of yore nnd of yesterday— To tho Tiber; and, lo ! the tirondola, In fiery fantasies of display, i.On tho Castle of Saint Angelo ! 