THE TWO BISHOPS, OR CHRIST JESUS AT CAKA. All Idyl, by COLONEL SHAW, of tlie Queen's Indian Army. 1. Victoria, Empress, Queen, who uatMess 1 sweetly smiled, To think thyself, withal, asoldiei-'a child: ( t) A kingly soldier lie, whoselofty views ( 2) Enjoined compulsion for the outcast Jews; And not unmindful of the feeling shown, •God seta his royal race upon earth's highest throne. An aged veteran lias watched thee rove In thy dear Highland home, "mid scenes of love; With grace that might adorn the humblest sphere, Thyself as an example to endearj Yes, seen the woman and the queen bemoan, And makeall "coalpit accidents" her own.( 3 ) This lias lie seen, else never liad one line Of his engarlanded such gloiy thine! Deign then, sweet woman and gimt queen, to hear Things -which have made thee to thy people dear. Hear also of a power within thy realm Now threatening all that's good to over^ whelm! I set down nought in malice, nor exceed Stem truth, which, truth to speak, weBO much need. The subject is involved in lies malign, And needs thy dread displeasure, mighty Queen! In tills, as in all else, still may thy hand Be raised in rescue of thy native land, Aud tliy loved name among its brightest worthies stand. U. Within an English county, seated deep, The litte town of Monkwood lies asleep. All great events, though trumpeted around, Make, in this little town, as little sound As those swift messages upon the wires, .Which overtop the highest of its spires. With rich cathedral graced, and gotliic towers, And music hells to chime the passing hours, Tlie quiet population, void of care, To hear what's good call'd by those bells repair. " The Bishop of the place—thrice happy manl—-• Like some true saint, dogs all the.good he can; His whole soul's in his work, his people's weal The only thing' on earth thai mates him ; feel. ' A tall man, past" the sear and yellow leaf," Subdued and softened by some early grief, His eye had in it more the look of heaven, Than what to ordinary men is given ; Yet, when he smiles, the sunshine of his face " Out-dazzles grief, or occupies its place. And lie can smile, as every urchin knows, for, when he docs, his whole heart overflows. But though he bends—his life is all a bend— One vast broad sympathy would seem its end. Still deem not him indifferent to rules Of high philosophy taught by tlie schools: Sophron has liiaster'd these, but loves to dwell Where God's own words that wondrous story telL , To praise God's love appears his chief delight, He'd speak about "the cross"'from morn . till night j And while he seeks to show, in terms discreet, Those splendid things tlie humblest minds to meet, He still is mindful of full many a thought Within the web of sacred truth enwrouglit, Which God's wise shepherd notes, and must unfold, To cheer the lowly and repress the bold. ni. The countiy all around was fair and good, In hill, dale, rivulet, cascade, aud wood. Thecottages and farms most plainly showed The owner's hand of loveon them bestowed; Upon their pleasant porches did entwine Alike the yellow and the purple Nine. Not even astoneor brick stoodoutof place, And snowy whitewash gave its homely grace. These sweet material pi oofs of Virtue's hand Form a lich recompense to any land. Be sue the people, where sucli things are seen, The main consideration must havo been : And so it was with Monkwood—liappy town! Let the good Bishop Sophron wear the crown. Here all were happy; nothing seemed to come To mar the inside or tlie outside home. No liquor-seller raised his face obscene, Alehouse and spirit-shop were quite unknown, So that the gripe of want had never been, And people held things honestly their own j No poor's asylum raised its grovelling head, Nor did one pauper's funeral shame the dead. 0, such a place this was! And such might bo Each town of England, if from liquor free. 'Tis not in language to portray the bliss Which even this world can yield when free from this.' IY. Ye who suppose the temperance cause is weak, Hear our good bishop on the subject speak:— " Of one thing rest assured, we always find O/iinion is the power that rules mankind • And solid good, or fearful ill accrues To men on earth according to their views. Take, for example, Cane's marriagefeast : Tlie nature of the mue is not exprest; So that according to whatever view Men take of it, they're sure to say aud do. They who believe our blessed Lord divine, Ought not, metliinks, (said Sophron) here to err 1 The circumstances prove the kind o wine.— Show me a man who values character, Who would give more, to men who had well drunk; (4) He, who'd do tliis, must be depraved and sunk. Hie circumstances then, construct the creed, Wliich; for our Saviour's character we need, And these, we may affirm, most plainly showed, 'Twas unfermented wine that ho bestowed. The custom was to give the best wine first, And when that had run short, to give the worst ; This was the rule : from it the Bridegroom swerved, Best should go first, and then first come/ first served." 'Twas from the Bishop's creed that one ne'er meets A drunken man hi Monkh ood's goodly streets ; There, all serene, crowds in the market place Know nothing of the public-house disgrace, They turn tlie vineyard to its proper use, Aid swallow nought but unfermented juice. The worthy Bishop taught them to pre serve Grape-juice, by boiling it somewhat away, So as to injure neither brain nor nerve. And yield refreshment for the hottest day. He showed thepi that the ancients acted thus, And what was good for them is good for us. •. Proverbs, though low, have still their proper use— i* Sauce for the gander, is sauce for tlie The other wine is poison to the brain, And therefore man ought from it to • abstain; It has God's brand against it, but men read The blessed Bible, each to suit his greed And, though it says, " Cook not thou on the wine!" To gratify their wishes they incline, Until, enslaving some, the serpent's coils entwine, V. Fitful and wild though be the bardic traiu, Their songs arouse the dead to Jive again ; They gird the laurel, and they hoot the scoff, To set the hero and the coward off. Deeds done forbeauty's smile and honour's sake, • From the cold night of ages they awake, And countless actions are consigned by them, To blaze in. glory's light or burn with shame: The poet then selects his proper theme, When his rapt thought exults, in truelove's dream. Augusta, heiress, duchess, was a blonde, (s) Souiodid, moreover, whisper her a ilue;(e) But her mind, like her beauty, soared beyond Aught that the brightest muse can bring to view. Her soft blue eyes were sapphires in their brightness, Her wheeks had roue-tint on their snowy whiteness, Her hair hiuig down hi curls, each massive fold: Reminded one of highly burnish'd gold. But o'er all these things was a power of mind— An intellectual loveliness— Earth joined to heaven, by heaven refined, A not to be explained bewitching grace, Which gave expression to her matchless face. Sophron was guaidian till she eame of age, And still she called him father, for she felt Herself unequal to life's pilgrimage, And told her cares as at his knee she knelt. We use the mildest terms that we "can get, When we say far and near she was " the rage;" A furor rampant seem'd at her to set, Beaux by the dozen asked her to engage, And scores to please her took the temperance pledge. Some said she was a charming icicle : She smiled on all, yet gave her heart to none; But none called her a flirt, for principle Buled her in all things, and to all was known, In ' 'tT. Rs plain. Ils ,. Vi:vy pye might " She walked is. maiden medication faucv five." VI. Her twenty-seeond birthday was at hand, A very great event, you may be sure ; Nothing was so much talked ofin the laud, As how the highest honour to secure. A great and happy "gathering" is the theme Of which ^11 Monkwood for a time did dream, And a petition to the Bishop told The one intense desire of young and old ; A picnic is the wish ; the first of May, Augusta's birthday is to be the day. Aud now 'tis proper at full length to trace The form and features of u charming place : A little river breaks in two, and tpreuds On both sides of a garden round its end ; The banks are laid off into walks and beds, And a smooth turfy area fills the bend. ltose, lily, honeysuckle, and each flower f That decks the garden aud the woodland bower Hang round the smooth greeu area, and between The shining river everywhere is seen, While fountains all around cast up their spray To moderate the hotness of the day. Upon the grassy turf are tables laid With fruit, flower, crystal-flagon interspread. Platters of choicest china range around, And things to suit a sober taste abound. The greenhouse power upon the tablo puts Grapes, poaches, nectarines, pine-apples, nuts. All Monkwood is agog, both high and low, The neighboring gentry to the tribute flow, And here—if ever on this earth might be /A festival of perfect purity— ^ Was one 011 which eveu an angel's eyes might smile, To see the human heart so free from guile. The population round tlie table sat, Their Bishop and their Lady dear thereat. And now all stand up solemnly to pray For blessings on the good things and the day. Sophron is chairman—evoiy glistening eye (Strange would it be if even one were dry) Is cast iu fondness on his reverend face, And loud aniens give echoes to his grace. A hymn then soars aloft in joy and love, Aud music warbles round the throne above: " Wo want no vineenp flowing " li-apt reason's power to charm, " When beauty blushing, blowing, " Paints the fields and forests warm." So ran the thrilling burst of melody, Warm from the heart in gushing fondness free. And then, a silence—lasting little while : The feast began wjth cake and solid food ; And friendlyhelping from each well-heap'd pile, And viands, from the castle kitchen good. Wines too were here (wliich to some folks seem droll) Without one drop of poisonous alcohol. Aid there were crystal percolators here, Exhausting air, aud leaving refuse mere; So that the beverage was delicious juice, Gushing with odour perfeet and profuse— A wine,, on which, in some sort might be said. The power of art its curbing hand ne'er laid ; Unboiled it was, and from the cluster free, Iu which God's " blessing might be said to be."- (,). Some chose to mix this with tie lus*ious peach, Some liked it better-with the pineapple. Some tlie pomegranate chose, as wha might teach The unfitting proud a, Bible principle.^) YH.. When all liad ea.tey and had drunk their fill Of viands, which could never do man ill, The Bishop rose, and a,ll once more were mute Nor- breathed the slightest sound, nor stirred a foot, All eyes intent, beheld the holy man, Aud fromthe dais the bishop then began :— " Dearly loved frieiids, and loving, you all kuow Tat we are here affection's ?rnl to show; I've often said, we are nut those who boast, OX that unchristian thing-n heathen toast. We cannot, for the life of u;\ make out, How poison wine, and hip hurrahinsshont, Should have the power to bring good health about! Though not philosophers, we seek some cause, l r or an eflect in honest nature's laws. Long may Augusta's blest prosperity Our happy theme aud Monkwood's honour be! Still may she be one much beloved of Heaven, Aud God's rich answer to our prayer be given; Spared to our wishes thus may she preside Our Lady Slistress, and our city's pride." Sophron sat down, and promptly at his close, The rest, with one loud burst of song, arose:— " Ye daughters of beauty, with power so bewitching^ " So modestly winning, and dear tous all; " Our life's sweetest treasures, our homos fo enriching, " God's loveliest creatures, on you 'tis we call 1" Thus went the song, warm from the glowing heart; And the time came for these fond friends to part, All rose to join the bishop in his prayer, That God would always have them in his care, And still preserve them from drink's deadly snare. To him alone be ever all the praise For keeping them froni sin's unholy ways ! "Praise God from whom nil blessings flow, Praise him all ereat'ires here below, Praise him above ye heavenly host, Praise Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost," 