OUR HOME LETTER. [Prom our London Correspondent.] .London, August 31. | Parliament is all abroad and Mayfair baa brown-papered its windows. Sportsmen are complaining that the grouse are young and not strong on the wing. Farmers, especially in the north, see ruin staring them in the face in the shape of drenched corn-fields and cloudy skies. Ten days ago there was a series of rainstorms, which did incalculable damage in Yorkshire and the south of Scotland. The ripening grain lias been laid so as to be almost irrecoverable. The green crops are spoiled and doing badly. The fruit is an insult to us as regards quantity, and in quality not worth eating. The Russians are said to he having a very hard time of it, but they have at least a good harvest if they had men to get it in, and they are not in daily alarm about the Colorado beetle. We see the sun for about two hours in the four-and-twenty, and then he looks as if he had been out ail night —very watery-like and ashamed of himself. For five days during the floods he never showed his face at all, and the rain poured on with merciless regularity and perseverance. It com menced in earnest on a Friday night, got worse on Saturday, worse still on Sunday, and on Monday we had to give it up. There was no going abroad or travelling by railway, for most | of the lines were flooded, or the stations were unapproachable, or the carriages were unin- • habitable. There has never keen such an ex cursionist season—for waterproofs. On the Scotch coast there was a strong east wind and a high sea, which washed a number of people off piers, swamped boats in the harbours, flooded houses in the low-lying parts, and burst one or two reservoirs. The damage to property is considerable, apart from the yet more disas trous effect it may have upon the standing crops. On the fourth and worst day of the flood the water stood a foot deep on the metals for the distance of a mile on the Dundee and Perth section. The engine-drivers proceeded cautiously through the water, and traffic, though delayed, was not stopped. Communi cation on the Thornton and Dumfermline line was totally suspended owing to the accumula tion of water. No trains ran on the railway between Perth and Crieff, the flood having carried away the embankment in many places. The water was nearly two feet deep on the rails for long distances. The passenger trains were brought to a standstill on the Deeside lines between the Torphins and Glassee stations, and several serious breaches were made in the permanent way. Damage has also been done to the railways further north. Between Forfar and Arbroath the fields looked like a chain of locks, and so deep was the water that fences five feet in height were completely hidden, and the tallest corn was submerged. In Lancashire and Yorkshire the storm was more violent while it lasted, but shorter-lived. Most damage there was done by lightning. 1 One farmhouse was set on fire and several houses were struck and partially destroyed. In Blackburn a factory was struck, and the work people ran a great risk of serious injury. The storm seem to pass southerly and reports from the Continent show that it broke very violently over several towns in the south of France. At Marseilles it stripped many roofs, blew down chimneys, and rooted up trees. The telegraph poles were knocked hither and thither, and com- ] munication was interrupted for more than a { day. MOVEMENTS OF THE COUKT. Last Saturday Her Majesty migrated again to the Highlands for the autumn. Before leaving Osborne she sent a cheque for £500 to j the ludian Famine Belief Fund, and at the j same time the Prince of "Wales sent o*e for 500 guineas. Had she remained another month ] in the Isle of "Wight she might have had ! Prince Bismarck for a near neighbour. It is j avowed he still intends to spend part of the : autumn with us, and that the Isle of Wight has 1 been recommended to him because one can remain there later in the year than at any other j watering-place. His only scruple about coming is that the quidnuncs would insist he had wished to be near Lord Derby during the climax of the Eastern crisis which appears to be approaching. He is now at Gastein, and there is some expectation of an interview there between him and Count Andrassy. At any time he may come to London he will find Lord Derby not far from the Foreign Office. Neither he nor the Prime Minister will leave the neighbourhood of Londou during the whole of the autumn. The Princess of Wales will for some time share their misfortune. She has been a close prisoner at Marlborough House all through the illness of Prince Albert Victor. The Prince of Wales has made short excursions to the moors, but one thing or another has frequently called him back to London. He was last up to meet his father-in-law, the King of Denmark, who has been paying a visit to London and looking about him a little. There is a notion that he has a private commission from his Imperial relative the Czar, and that certain matters have been sounded between him and Lord Derby. If so he managed his business quietly enough, for he was seldom seen away from Marlborough House. The Prince of Wales was yachting part of last week with his eldest son and the Princesses, and it is said that as soon as Prince Albert Victor is completely convalescent he will take the whole of his family for a long cruise. After that the two Princes will he entered on board the Britannia as cadets. The poop of the training ship has 1 been fitted up for them and their suite, hut otherwise they will be subjected to the regular discipline of the ship, which is not very severe. They will have to turn out at half-past 6 o'clock. DriU from 7.15 to 8 o'clock. After breakfast study till midday. After dinner they are per mitted to go ashore for one hour, when they return to study until 4. At 4 milk and cake, then again ashore, where cricket, lawn- tennis, &c.;, are provided until 6.30. In summer they also bathe from the shore. Tea at 7 with cold beef, 1 except on Thursday, when they have jam in lieu of beef. Studies from 8 till 9. At 9.15 prayers, and at 9.30 they retire for the night. THE CLOSB OF TTTR SESSION. Another sterile session ended on the 14th August, the day after most of the sporting members had begun work among the moors.' The final business sitting had been held on the previous Saturday afternoon, and very few ; members held themselves bound to stay over : Sunday and Monday merely to hear Lord Cairns j read a short Boyal speeah about next to nothing. Her Majesty was made to refer to the Eastern Question, the famine in Southern India, the Annexation of the Transvaal, and the Boyal warrant for promotion in the army. The Acts j deemed worthy of specification from the throne were just four in number—one for England, one for Ireland, one for Scotland, and one for common property. The last was the Prisons Bill, which was separately passed for all three divisions of the Kingdom. England received in addition the Oxford and Cambridge Univer sity Bill, Ireland a Supreme Court of Judica ture Bill, and Scotland an Amending Sheriff Courts Bill. The principal miscarriages of the session, as to which the Boyal Commissioners were silent, were the Burials Bill, abandoned in the Lords in consequence of the two Archbishops having gone over to the Osborne-Morgan's side and carried a majority of the Peers with them in favour of Nonconformist services in church yards : Mr. Sclater Booth's Valuation Bill, in which it was discovered that no adequate provi sion had been made for the proper assessment of historical castles and family seats ; the Attorney General's Patent Bill, which he only got intro duced, aud that was all; the Irish Sunday Closing Bill, which the Government took up half- heartedly and had to drop again at the risk of turning Mr. Smythe into a Home Buler. The private fiascos were principally Irish, Mr. Butt's Irish University and the Land Bills having been rejected by large majorities. Mr. Trevelyan's County Franchise motion, though again defeated, found a diminishing majority against it of 56. It gained far more than additional votes, however, as Lord Harrington appeared for the first rime among its supporters. It has been made a party ques tion for the Liberals. The retrospects of the session are surprisingly lenient considering the many points at which it ; was open to criticism. The Obstructives have in tiis Connection been T«!a.l to Sir Stafford Northcote. They have drawn upon theraielv««-thb entiredilAmteOf what they'may 'not have been: wholly answerable fbr. ' The "'I)aiIvXfey>S'\a almost the only Opposition organ which maintains 'Ihe habit of calling' a spade a spade. It characterized the session as " one of' scenes, of wrangles, of tamalts, aBd of little or j no business. ! Mr."' Chaplin gave the House one lively half-hour "when he made bis famous assault on Mr. Gladstone ; and, as Sogers said ' of William Croker*s attack on Macaulay and its consequences, meaning tomrder only committed j suicide ; bnt that heated little incident was mild and short indeed when compared with some of the many stormy scenes which roused St. Stephen's as the session went on." The Saturday \ Review, with unusual placidity, moralizes on aU being well that ends well, and commends Parliament for having kept us ont of a Russian war. Bnt in order that justice may be done all round the Saturday avers that if the ordinary ministerialist had had his way unchecked by an I intelligent Opposition we should have been at war with Russia long before this. FIN AT. STATEMENTS ON THE EaSTEBN QUESTION. At the last working sitting of the House, Mr. Fawcett put a series of questions about the publication of despatches, the reports of atrocities, the alleged employment of Chefket Pasha in Roumelia, and the assembling of Par liament before any resolution should be taken endangering the peace of the country. On the general question Sir Stafford ISorthcote said that "the position of the Government in respect to the policy which bad been announced to Parliament and the country, and which they are steadily maintaining, is a policy of neutrality, of strict neutrality as regards the question at issue between Russia and Turkey; but it is subject to the conditions, of course, that this country will feel herself obliged to watch over her own interests, and as that was considered to be the. phrase that required fuller explanation, Lord Derby has distinctly, and in a manner which is beyond any ordinary diplomatic usage, ex plained the points upon which we feel that our interests may be affected, and the course we may have to take." To Mr. Fawcett's demand for a promise that Parliament would be re assembled in the event of a new step being con sidered necessary, the Chancellor simply replied thit the Government were fully aware of their constitutional obligations and fully prepared to meet them. ME. GLADSTONE AT HAWABDBN. There is no rest for Mr. Gladstone on this side of the grave, and he must regret, I think, having surrendered a position which would at least have given him employment worthy of his intellect. Through sheer lack of all-absorbing interest he is doing eccentric things which give reason to 'be enemy to scoff, and Mr. Gladstone's worst enemies are some who used to be of his own household. The Pall Mall Gazette, which half a dozen years ago was proud to be con sidered his special organ, is equally proud now of the chief command of his censors. When ever he lays himself open to a gentlemanly sneer the Pall Mall is down upon him. Since he retired to Hawarden he has exposed himself repeatedly by the hospitality he offers to Liberal Associations in search of a place for a day's enjoyment. Tbe Hawarden political picnic brings out from two to three thousand Lan cashire Liberals of the broadest dissenting type. Many of them were Mr. Gladstone's con stituents while "he sat for South-West Lan cashire, and he talks to them confidentially as to old friends. On one occasion they presented to him a stout walking- stick, which inspired him with a rather feeble joke that he might have left to Dr. Keueaiy. But it was a joke, and Mr. Gladstone did not quite deserve the terrible sermon it entailed upon him. His castigator in the Pall Mall Gazette asked him to recollect that " Englishmen, whether Liberals or Conservatives, have always desired to be able to retain a respect for their leading public men of either political party—a moral respect if possible, but in any case- and under all cir cumstances an intellectual respect. It is distress ing to them to have their faith shaken in the moral qualities of a distinguished statesman, to be forced to doubt his political consistency, his fidelity to his party, or his attachment to his professed principles; but this amount of disillu sion they must in the natural course of public affairs be not unfrequently called upon to undergo. But they experience an altogether novel sense of pain and humiliation when they find a statesman of Mr. Gladstone's emi nence going the way to forfeit his title even to their intellectual respect. They feel that to some extent the country itself is affronted by such behaviour on the part of a man who has not only enjoyed the highest honours it has to bestow, but who for several years occupied a position of such supreme and unquestioned power over its destinies as has been wielded by no other Minister for the last half-century." The organ of the Clubs was outraged and atrocified by the walking-stick joke. It bitterly remembered that—"The last occasion upon which a statesman was presented with a walking stick was when Dr. Kenealv received the same testimonial from certain of his political admirers, and we cannot say that Mr. Glad stone's praises of his gift, or the illustration which he drew from it, are in any higher vein of eloquence than those of the member for 8tote. He would not, he said, ' like to have a lick with this stick from a stout arm.' It was ' a good one, good to look at, good to lean upon;' it was ' light in hand,' and had 1 all the qualities of a good stick.' He then told his audience that they should imitate the stick; that they should learn a lesson from it. 'What we have to do is to strive to be as good in our own characters as this stick in the humble capacity it bears.' Such was Mr. Gladstone's peroration, and we ask of his most devoted admirer, supposing him at least to possess ordinary good taste and intelli gence, whether he can can read this sad twaddle without a feeling of profound humiliation." But Mr. Gladstone's Hawarden address was not all about walking-sticks and the Eastern Ques tion. He made a declaration respecting the county franchise which may have galled Pall Mall Whiggism more than his unsuccessful jokes. AS TO THE COUNTY FRANCHISE he said he could Eot tell his Lancashire friends how clear as he thought were the rights and the wrongs of that matter. They must all feel that the time was very near at hand when it must be conceded. The historical reason for it had dis appeared. " In former times the distinction of county franchise and borough franchise was a very reasonable distinction, and I won't now enter into the question ; but this I will say that, looking at 'the manner in which counties are now intermingled in this country, and in which vast populations that substantially have the character of borough populations are spread over almost the entire face of counties like South Lancashire and the West Biding of Yorkshire, it is the height of absurdity, as well as the height of injustice, to pretend to stand upon the present seclusion." Those who wanted it had only to knock lustily at the door of the House of Commons, and they would get all they wanted. "The Government go on opposing it and voting against it, but the opposition they offer to it is a sham opposition. I do not mean to say they are desirous of giving it to you, but I think they are pretty well aware that they cannot help giving it to you; and when they see that the thing must be done, I think, judging from former experience, that they i prefer your having it from them to your getting ' it from us. But now don't you go to sleep about it, for if you do I think the Government will remain asleep also." A VINDICATION OF THE LATE GOVERNMENT. One of the speakers in support of the address presented to Mr. Gladstone had boasted that the district to which he belonged had no responsi bility for the defection of South-west Lan cashire, as the Liberal vote had been higher in 1868 than in 1865. Mr. Gladstone acknowledged the loyalty of West Derby and the kindness of another constituency which had found a seat for him. Passing on to a defence of the dictatorship which followed, he said—" We had a Parliament which did act in a way likely at any rate to be remembered in the history of this country. We went in a very strong Govern ment and we came out a very weak Govern ment ; and how did we become a weak Govern ment instead of being a strong one ? I say fear lessly we spent our strength in serving the public. Now, the public is a very grateful public when you can really get its attention, but what we call the public very seldom attends to its own interests. On one side commonly stands the public, and on the other side in this country stand what are called classes. The public very seldom thinks seriously about its own interests. Classes always do. The public goes to sleep; classes never do, but even if they go to sleep at night they keep one eye open. Well, it is not possible for ns to deal with the measures that we dealt with and not to offend and irritate some classes. You know something about what some of these classes are. We are all here in good hnmour, and therefore we won't enter into par ticulars. But it-was by the votes of classes ana by the interests of classes carried over from ns to our opponents that we were defeated at that time." The expl anation offered by Mr. Forster of the reaction was that they had been carrying on at too high pressure. It would have killed him, he said, had it continued much longer. Mr. Forester's view is more generally accepted than Mr. Gladstone's. SIR S. NORTHCOTE AT PLYMOUTH. The Plymouth Conservatives must have con sidered Mr. Gladstone's late visit an offence against their dignity. They claim not only the borough but the county and nearly all the seats in it. 3hiripetmt%ptak(rf,|ir.<]lsd^aDe^ | demonstration' anil t»unteracs 4hA' filers that Mr. Donald Carrie'is sripikwBd'!'to'Jbe: ]^tting but for- thfe' nextelection theyheld a mass, meeting bn Tuesday. It wss attended hyWven> local Conservative members-/with■ Sir Stafford' Nbrthcote astheir dbjeri;- 'H? good- naturedly alluded -to. the ; plot that was hatching for a transformation Of the" membership. " A ■ very distinguished statesman had lately suggested to them an infusion of new bloody-but his own opiniou-was that they might*'go further and. fare worse." Sir Stafford is cultivating aPalmer stonian line in Ms outdoor speaking, and in his happiest efforts he can'hit off-a Paliherstonian' pleasantry. His answer to the reproach that this Parliament - had done so little was that. it had" kept to the high road and not gone tearing across the. country over hedges and ditches at the risk-of the driver's neck. Asa change from steeplechase they had given the public jog-trot legislation. It has been a little - sarcastically rejoined to - the Chancellor that he bn« bad a good many misfortunes even on the high road. Trig prede cessors when tearing across the country, as he calls it, generally brought home their team in better order than he did his at the close of last session. He was so thoroughly optimist in his mood that he took: a hopeful -view even of the obstructives, and prognosticated that their disease would cure itself. Until it should be found actually necessary he deprecated mate | rially altering, the character of the House of Commons merely to gag a few ill-behaved members. Our Parliament was the largest, most important, and most characteristic institution we had, and it had survived too much in the past to be made ridiculous by a few young members. There was equal chance that these young members would yet be influenced by the associations to j which they were at present insensible. "I hear in mind," he said, " that those who have taken a leading part in these recent obstructions are for the most part men who have bnt recently j become members of the House of Commons, and I have great faith in the influence of the i Assembly, and of its power of bringing men to j a sense of that which is due to it and to them- j selves. But if, unfortunately, we should be 1 deceived, we must take care in whatever we do i we do not ran the risk of sacrificing the lights j of minorities or interfering with the fair j J and full freedom of debate. We must i | take care we do not, in endeavouring to put ! I down those who make themselves wilfnlly, - needlessly, and offensively obstructive, infringe the rights of the great body of members. And again, we must take care that, if we do find it necessary to take steps against - particular men who may cause particular offence, we do not do it in a manner that may give them anything like honours of martyrdom, or may appear like the House of Commons straggling either with these men themselves or with the constituencies that they represent. We mnst endeavour gently to put aside annoyances in a manner the least open to either of those objections." About the war he was self-restrained, and gave countenance to the idea that the leaders of the Government and of the Opposition have a tacit compact to treat it with reticence during recess. His argument was that we had nothing to do now but to maintain the most loyal neutrality, extending even to political speeches. The duty of the Government was above all to maintain the influence and position of England, so that when occasion offered to assist in bringing the cruel struggle to a termination there may be no caose to question our motives or doubt- our sincerity. For this it was neces sary that the Government should retain the visible confidence of the people ; and he trusted that they would not he called upon, as was perhaps somewhat too much the case a year ago, to respond to excited appeals and to face inflam matory harangues, but that they would be left to exercise, according to the best of their judg ment and with the firm resolve to do their duty, the influence which still remains to Great Britain in the councils of Europe. EARL GRANVILLE AT BRADFORD. It is a sign of the times that the Liberal chiefs who are in request this autumn for popular demonstrations are the old stagers and not the hotblooded youngsters. Mr. Bright, Mr. Forster, and Earl Granville are the repre sentative Liberals of to-day. They have little of the atrocity style about them, and the gospel they preach is that Liberals should have their hats ready for their next innings, but play the enemy fair while he is in. The cause has lately been reorganized in Bradford somewhat on the Birmingham model. Each ward has a Club of of its own, and they are all affiliated to a central Club, for which splendid premises were lately erected in a fashionable part of the town, at a cost of twenty thousand pounds. Earl Granville consented to preside at the inauguration, which consisted of a luncheon in the Club and a public meeting at night. In such assemblies, and on such an occasion, the Burials Bill was of course resuscitated. Its rejection was the Opposition feat of the session, but Earl Granville did not claim the honour for himself. He gave it to its real authors, the two Archbishops,who carried a majority of the Episcopal bench with them. He was bound, he said," to add that with regard to the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Primate of the Church of England, his feelings were those of admiration for the courage which he showed in the face of the mistaken feeling of the Church of England in coming forward in the manner he did with respect to a clause in the Burials Bill which he believed to be wise, just, and liberal, and only fair to their fellow-Chris tians.'' Making a joke at the expense of the moon, which underwent an eclipse last week, he hoped that though they too had been eclipsed for a period they would soon be seen again above the horizon. He assented with some qualification to Mr. Gladstone's theoiy that the j reverse of 1874 was due to a combination j of class interests, bat he also agreed with Mr. Forster that the pace had, perhaps, been too hot. His Lordship is singularly fortunate in bis sporting similes. | "■ They all knew and remembered some day in their lives in which they had worked so hard or played so much that they were rather unwilling to do the same next day, and he should be extremely surprised if there was not some elderly gentleman present, about his own age, who on the 13th of this month did not feel very tired of his walk upon the moors, and who was not so exceedingly anxious to begin again the next day. That was a temporary feeling; it was one which would pass away, and he ventured to say that even his elderly friend would ! soon be anxious to get again to the grouse." But there were dozens of other explanations. | The Liberals bad been too prond of their strength and had thought they could afford to be dis united. Tbey had allowed the Conservatives to have the start of them with political Clnbs, which in his belief might he made of the greatest public use. Sir Stafford Northcote had quoted Dean Swift at Plymouth, but the Earl thought he could give him a more apt quotation from the same source. Dean Swift had once said that no English statesman could he successful unless be had the dash of the alderman about bim. He must say that if the Government continued in their present course, avoiding all serious matters, any legislative success they might achieve would have that strong flavour of the alderman in it which was so agreeable to the witty Dean. But some of his best bits were reserved for the public meeting. Speaking there again of the Ministerial programme, he said —" Her Majesty's Government were not econo mical of the public money, bat their economy of legislation was perfectly wonderfnL Their method of procedure was this—They sometimes found measures of public utility laid up in the pigeon-holes of their predecessors. These they drafted for themselves into a properly weak and permissive form, and then served them up, like the traditional bachelor with his leg of mutton, hot in the first session, cold in the second, and, with the assistance of a select number of Irish members, made a wonderful hash of them iu the third." Observing the compact of reserve on the Eastern question he endorsed the refusal of the Government to enter into hypothetical dis cussion on the close of the session, but regretted that they had not been more consistent in the earlier stages of the crisis. It had been, he thought, a great mistake in Lord Derby to inti- | mate to the Porte after the Conference that he was perfectly free to accept or reject the terms offered. the elections. The late Mr. "Ward Hunt's seat in North Northamptonshire has been secured by another Conservative, though the Liberals made a stiff fight for. it. The winning candidate, Lord Bingbley, had a majority of 786 over his oppo nent, Captain Edgell. The Liberals made a mistake in laying too much stress on foreign policy and letting disestablishment fall into the background. Till Mr. Ward Hunt turned the tide Northamptonshire was one of the most Liberal of English counties, for it hss a staunch dissenting population, and the Burials Bill might have been worked with effect. The pre destined candidate, Mr. Fitzwilliam, was found to he weak-kneed on the Turkish question. Under the influence of Mr. Gladstone's ad mirers the local Committee insisted on Bulgaria as an article of faith, and Mr. Fitzwilliam declined tlipir programme. Captain Edgell had to he fallen back upon as a pis aller, and he sustained a signal I defeat. In Clare, a moderate Home Ruler, Sir Bryan CLoghlin, has got the upper hand<if -a ^ Nationalist^-that Biggar and Paraell candidate^;. Mr. oytoiman Miboh iB ^yetoatnsr tneSdd Emancipation Wu; «i^ tiie mob went'wilh him to a man ; butfffr prjiep IiifoSfcflefriftcA, and atp. parentiy the ptiests know dietiiadi oititie better ipurt of fcbe electors.* Their jdefeat at Clara, ' Imppening at theveiy (dose of the session when obstructives. Sir Biyan -•CLoghlin is on his waj. home from Melbourne, and wilj, be in «mple timeforthe'next session.' ' '' ' 'n •" ' * THE SBW FIEBT MED OF thb JiTmTP ht.tt: ., It has been ai pommou joke that Mr. Jf. W. Smith.oweshis promotion to 'the bead of the Admiralty to the pr^cipitaticlh of j thS'Pre8&*''in<s elevating. Sir Michael Hi^s-Beaph; tg. tjbat. .. dignity. It had been in fact aa.good as pro mised to the Irish Secreteiyv' «ad beUhad : received the congratulations of some of-bis.. friends. One morning the Standard announced in a " We understand" that_ he was to be the' new First Lord. The Premier had not really made up his mind, and to spite r the .news papers he abruptly decided that "Mr. Smith should be the man His nomination has been well received. Mr. Smith is the Forster of the Tory party- He h®8 had most luck of the young men of his party, and his suasive manner takes with deputations. From the fact pf his being the head of an extensive business it is assumed that he is a first-class business man. He has certainly done well at the Treasury, and for the more laborious work of the Admiralty he has the un deniable qualification of a smooth. temper. Mr. Seeley will not be able to ruffle him, and when ^Mr. Reed gets him into a corner he will never be flurried. A few weeks ago,'in answer ing a question of Mr. Whalley as to .the where abouts of Jean Luie, he spoke of Jean as she, and did not catch the joke at which the House was laughing until Mr. Whalley charitably 1 reminded him of Jean's proper sex. A second I and no inconsiderable advantage be will have is | the general support of the Press, who, regardless of politics, recognise in him the all-powerful W. A. Smith & Son. Even the" Daily News congratulates the Cabinet of Peers and county members on receiving among them a represen tative of trade and of a great city constituency. It wishes that all Lord Beaconsfield's theatrical | displays had been as commendable on their sober and business side. A SNUB FOB LOBD SALISBUBX, It is Lord Salisbury who has had the latest quarrel with the House of Commons, and he | has not come out of it with fiyiug colours like the Prime Minister. His Lordship is. one of two thousand four hundred proprietors in the metropolis who are to be dispossessed by a new Improvement Act of the Metropolitan. Board of Works for opening a new street from Oxford street to the Thames Embankment. The Board proposed to follow the usual course—buy the | property at a liberal valuation and recoup itself out of the new frontages. All the dispossessed proprietors agreed to the Bill on these terms excepting Lord Salisbury's agents. They claimed the frontages as well as the purchase money. A Select Committee of the. House of Lords reported against them, but the House of Lords itself amended a clause in the Bill as desired by His Lordship's agents. The Metro politan Board of Works has for its Chairman a stanch ^Conservative, Sir James Hogg. It saw the end of the session approaching, and feared that the improvement would be delayed another year if the amendment were to be con tested. But Mr. Fawcett, who is not a stanch Conservative like Sir James Hogg, interfered, and when the amended Bill came down moved that the amendment granting Lord Salisbury his frontages should be struck out. Mr. Just cited a number of precedents for allowing great metropolitan proprietors to eat their cake and keep it. They were, however, not considered good precedents, and the amendment was struck out. The Lords consider that they had done enough for their impetuous colleague in making the amendment. They would not stand by it, and Lord Salisbury lost his frontages. He also disappointed his friends by not repudiating the over-zealous act of his agents. THE LATEST CANABD ABOUT ME. GLADSTONE. Mr. Gladstone is being sorely wounded in the House by his quondam friends. I gave you a specimen of how the Pall Mall Gazette has turned upon him. His other whilom adviser of the " largest circulation in the world" is shedding crocodile tears over him most affect ingly. Three days ago it published a second edition with the following telegram from Paris: —" Most important papers have just been dis covered, showing that Mr. Gladstone has been trying to stir up the Greeks against Turkey in defiance of the neutrality of England and his own professions of a desire for peace. About two months ago Mr. Gladstone wrote a letter to a Greek merchant in Constan tinople, urging that the countrymen of the latter should unite with the Slavs in an attack npon the Turks. M. Negroponte replied to the effect that the interests of the Greeks were altogether different to those of the Slavs; that the best policy of Greece was rather to fight the Russians than the Turks; and that Greece, if she were wise, would remain tranquil. Mr. Gladstone, in answer to this, wrote a second letter, very curtly worded, saying that he had given his opinion, and was astonished to find the Chris tians of the East disinclined to make common cause against the Mussalmans." Mr. Gladstone was telegraphed to about the authenticity of the disclosure, and replied " curtly," as the Telegraph would say, " My opinions were fully given in the Contemporary Review of last December. I am not aware of having added to them many better." The modern Canning hns had a back stroke dealt at him by one of his Orange apostates. One would have expected that Mr. "William Johnston, M.P., would sympathize a little with him in his pre sent difficulties, hut he has denounced him at an Orange meeting in County Antrim. In the course of a long speech Mr. Johnston referred to " the bloody and cruel war that the late Prime Minister of England had done so much to bring about," for the Private Secretary of Lord Beaconsfield had assured him some time since that "peace would not have been broken hat for the speeches and pamphlets of Mr. Glad stone;" and he (Mr. Johnston) wondered how he could receive the deputations coming day by day to witness his catting down trees at Hawarden Castle without thinking of the rivers of red blood that were running in Europe in conse quence of the line of condnct he adopted. FRANCE. M. Gambetta is driving daily in the Bois de Boulogne smoking his cigar, and not looking much alarmed at the prosecution which hangs over him for his little speech. Some hostile papers did him the injnstice to spread a report that he had betaken himself to Nice to be oat of the way, br.t this is false. The summons for him was issued yesterday, and the preliminary examination will' commence forthwith. The motion for prosecuting him is ascribed to the Due de Broglie,and the motive is said to be not revenge, but an intention to disqualify M. Gambetta for office. The Government have no longer a ghost of a chance at the elections, and are preparing for a return of the genuine Republic, but they cannot stomach the extreme Left. In order to play into the hands of the Left Centre they wish to put M. Gambetta out of the way. There is another rumour that similar steps are to be taken with M. Thiers, in order to disqualify him; but the Due de Broglie has more than once cat his own fingers by using too sharp weapons of this sort. He is supposed to be playing against the Empire as his immediate object, and for an ulterior object endeavouring to keep the Republic in snch a provisional state as will give Orleanism a chance when the Gomte de Chambord is out of the way. The Marshal has no reason to be gratified at his reception in Normandy. Several municipalities—Cherbourg among them—declined to vote money for his entertainment, and the addresses pre sented to him had to be read in a corner. Only one speech is officially reported as having been made by him—that at Evreux, in which _ he spoke of having precipitated an inevitable crisis in order to prevent the abasement of the Executive power. It is said that" he has arranged for a tour in the Republican South, where he will beard the Radical lion in his den. THE H0HB EUX.EB8. I Obstructionist ^demonstrations are to he the autumn atrocities of the year. They commenced in Glasgow, and are being continued according to programme in Ireland. They are dividing the Irish constituencies as they did the Home Rule party in the House of Common. The latter held several conferences at the close of the session. At the first of them Mr. Butt made a vehement attack on the Parnell-Biggar section, and threatened to retire from the leadership if their proceedings were not formally repudiated. Though a majority .of the conference was with Mr. Butt, his proposal was thought too extreme, and he.took an indignant leave of his country followers. It was reported that he would resign his seat for Limerick and challenge one of the Obstructives to a test issue, but that intention is now repudiated. A number of the Moderates framed a resolution expressing con fidence in his leadership and reprobation of the contumacious section. It was circulated pri vately among . the Home Rulers, and before the session;?)- closed was said to have receiy«d,;o«^- thirty signatures, there b«ng cirqr -Home Rulers altogether. The yhH' faction deny that the signatures ex eeefed^jbnif dozen. But Mr. Bntt's friends ;^inri-ti£on them that they have had another aplit among themselves. They arranged their opening demonstration' at Dublin for the first Sunday after the prbrbgation ; but it had to be adjourned till - the following - Tuesday.' The: Irish Press is as much divided as its readers and representatives. The Irish limes declares that the conduct of the Obstructives is not only calculated to bring themselves into disrepute, but gravely to prejudice the' interest of Ireland. It is certain that the public sympathy of the country will not be wasted npon them. The freeman's Journal' . has the assurance to say that " englishmen in their more generous 'moments will, we are pretty sure, remember with a blush some of the clamsy weapons of personal virulence that were brought to bear to strike down foes, who were at all events few and courageous ones." From the Ulster Gazette we get a pungent strange execration of Parnell and all his belongings. In congratulating itself on the approaching close of the session it remarks—" The farce is nearly played out now, and dear knows it is high time the Parnell-Biggar stalls at St. Stephen's were cleared out too. Could any of our leisurely sanitary officials succeed in convincing any metropolitan magistrate that the members in question were public nuisances? If they could such officials would prove themselves to be public benefactors." The Irishman, beats the drum patriotic, and affects to shed tears over Mr. Butt. Of his spirited repudiation of the Obstructives in the debate on the South African Bill it says" Mr. Butt's denunciation of the Irish members will cause profound pain throughout Ireland. He might have acted otherwise than supporting a Government which has con temptuously trampled under foot every one of his Irish Bills. The latest instance of Govern ment obstruction, the defeat of his University Bill, ought to have taught him to feel no pity for the Tories, any more than for the dignity5 -of a House which has no sympathy for this country.' A CONCILIATION SHINDT. A day or two after the twenty-six hours' sitting the Home Rulers held a conference to consider and if necessary rearrange their internal relations. Mr. Delahunty, in a weak moment, consented to preside, not suspecting that the gallant " Seven" would practise upon him the tactics with which they persecute Mr. Speaker. Mr. McCarthy Downing led the attack • on the notorious " Seven," whose conduct he politely characterized as nefarious, and their .policy as wicked and mischievous. Mr. O'Shaugnnessy who is one of the half-and-half men, approved of the conduct of the Obstruc tionists up to a certain point. Mr. O'Connor Power essayed to answer Mr. McCarthy Downing with strong adjectives, amongVhicb "why in dis guise" and " why disruptionist" occurred pretty • often. Mr. Downing briefly retorted by giving him the lie direct, with the additional informa tion—"Though I am old enough to be your .father, I will give you any satisfaction you desire." Mr. Callau then appeared on the scene, and spoke in the interests of good faith and morality. According to. him, Mr. O'Connor Power was guilty of perjury iu violating the Fenian oath. The Obstructionists are then re ported to have practised on the meeting the process of physical exhaustion, which had been so successfully applied to themselves, and Mr. Delahunty, the Chairman, finally left the chair, leaving the Obstructives talking, and to all appearance in possession of the enemy's camp. SCANDALS AMONG THE DETECTIVES. The disclosures being made at Bow-street in the preliminary examination of the three de tectives—Meiklejohu, Druscovich, and Palmer —have moved the Treasury to appoint a Com mission to enquire into the general working of the detective force. Four gentlemen of legal and practical experience have been appointed— Sir H. Selwyn Ibbetsou, Colonel Fielding, Mr. Overend, Q.C., and Mr. J. B. March, Q.C. The convict Kerr, who is now under sentence for the turf fraud, iu which a Freuch lady was swindled out of £10,000, has been taking his revenge on his old friends in the force for having given him up at last. They had screened him for years, and taken a considerable share of his plunder from him. Meiklejohn in particular bad been Ins tool, introducing liim to other de tectives, to magistrates, clerks, and all kinds of people who could be useful to him. Kerr de posed to a long series of transactions, in which he and his accomplices had beeu in daily communication with Scotland Yard, being ad vised by telegraph of the issue of warrants against them, and often succeeding in getting the warrants quashed. "When any of the gang had to be seized Kerr always had access to them in prison, and while under trial on one occasion he visited Bow-street and made a plan of it for the puipose of attempting a rescue. It is believed that he is colouring his nar rative considerably, and some of his state ments have been indignantly denied by the persons pointed at. The case against the de tectives may go on for months, and the Trea sury has adopted the expedient of an official enquiry as the readiest means of ascertaining the actual condition of the force. Not only' Scotland Yard, bat Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dublin, and the principal provincial offices have been reflected upon. The Commission has begun its sittings. THE SPANISH TARIFF. There has been a commotion in Yorkshire about a new Spanish tariff which came into force on the 1st August. It represents a fiscal com bination which no one but a Spanish Custom house officer could have bad time to concoct. The whole list of imports has been revalued, and the re-valuations fall under three cate gories—reductions, increases, and continuations of the old assessment. In the caseof reductions only certain countries are admitted to tlie benefit of them. Those who are excluded include Great Britain, France, and the United States, which are notified that it is done in the way of reprisal. Of course our offence has reference to the differential wine duty. That of France's arises, I understand, out of the frontier trade on the Pyrenees; and the United States is being punished on general political grounds. Sir John "Waltham, in his report on tiie new tariff, says that it is distinctly avowed to have a double object—first, that of increasing the revenue of the country, and then that of enabling the Spanish Government to have the power of with holding from certain nations any advantages that might be derived from the benefits of tbe revision ou the ground that those nations do not accord to Spanish commerce the same treatment that they allow to the commerce of the other countries. The late Minister of Finance referred to Great Britain and France when alluding to two nations which denied to Spain's commerce the " most-favoured treatment." As regards Great Britain, it is contended that differential duties are imposed on Spanish wines, and that consequently Biitish cannot expect, to receive better treatment in Spain The revaluations which have not been altered remain the same for all nations, and those wbich have been advanced are advanced equally for all. The principal reductions which give Germany and other favoured nations an advan tage over us are in silks, woollens, and cotton goods. Surcharges of 1 per cent, on all duties up to 9 per cent, and of 3 per cent, on all over that scale have also been imposed. Let us hope that some small share of the increased revenue expected will reach the British holder of Spanish bonds. 