Facts and Fancies. GOVERNOR TILDEN has been accused of many gross irregularities, but his bitterest foes have not yet charged him with thrashing his mother in-law. A LAB' of Eaaton, Peaneyltaaia, entered a drng-atere, botUe in hwid, mml said he mated ten oente* worth of "artnakymony." The druggist aaked Urn to repeat the word, andaaiA, "Don't you mean' arnica, or ammonia f "I duriilo," was the reply. "What is it for ?" arts the draggiat. "Ganrt toll," aaiA boy, starting ■lowly out When near the door a bright ideal illumined him, and he turned and miked the druggist: "If jour wife hit you on the'head with a chair leg, which of them medidnea' would you git to take the swelling down f" " Arnica." 7(Then fill her in ten cents' worth," replied the I boy; and he gated lovingly at a big stick of lioorioe aa the arnica waa being bottled; '• A Model Ex(roeJt—A Brooklyn boy, wishing to be abaent from ■ehool, that he might gty fishing, induced a oomrade to forge an excuse, aa if coming from the .boy's mother. It will be aeen that the forger slightly oterdid'tfae thing by making too many excuse*.—Miss Dat : Plea* xcuae 6am aa he has a atnmmiek cake, thought i would keep Him home to mind hia little sister who ia awful aik with the Eolera Infantoide, and he haa to taik hertothedoktentobewaxinated. besides i don't feel weU myself to-day and I hardly kno what ails me unleaa its worriment about Sam, who aays he has an awful pane. Aw Intelligent Pig.—Mr. Potterdam is about aa obstinate and pig-headed as any man «ter waa. Consequently, he and his wife frequently' clash. One day he gate a party, and at table' the conversation turned on the subject of transmigration. Mr. P. was a believer in thaV doctrine, and was expatiating largely upon its points, when he was interrupted by his wife with: " Mr. Potterdam, What do you suppose yourself to have been befyre you were a man'!" "I don't know," replied P. ; "I might have been a pig, for aught I know." "Well;" re joined his wife, "you hate not altered much—1 only got upon your hind-legs.'* ' ' ALarqb Mouth.—She led him to a sofa; arid' in a deep base voice called him her soul's1 idol, and enquired what his monthly income was. Seeing his gaze fixed on her boa'constrictor-like month, she remarked : "Darling, I see you notice my large and beautiful potato-trap ; let me explain to you the reason of its unusual sfate. When I was quite a child I was playing on pappy's cellar-door ; it gate way ; I was precipi tated down into the basement and caught by the mouth on a projecting meat-hook, which ripped up my face and extended my mouth several inches." With his eyes full of sympa thetic tears, he rose from the sofa, and replied as he made toward the door : "My angel, you are perhaps mistaken. Probably in the excite ment of that awful moment you left your mouth down in the basement and accidentally brought up the cellar. We shall meet again in a better world. Adieu." Three Ghosts I—An amusing story, which may be of some profit to believers in spirits, is told by a Paris paper. A few days ago a student died in a boarding-house. The deceased was buried, but immediately after some persons pre tended that bis ghost returned every night to the room where he died. Needless to say, nobody could be got to occupy the chamber. At last a student of a less superstitious nature arrived, and consented to sleep in the haunted room. But two of the old lodgers, annoyed at his incredulity, determined to convince him against his wilL They covered themselves up in sheets, and, as the clock struck midnight, glided into the chamber, muttering the most awful groans. But they had reckoned without their host, who, hating his suspicions, also put on a sheet, and hid himself in the cupboard, and as the two dis guised lodgers stalked around the bed he quietly came out of his retreat and followed them. They no sooner caught sight of him than they rushed off trembling, and the next morning paid their bills, and left the house firm contorts to * spiritualism. 