TICTOitIA COURSING CLUB DERBY AND OAKS MEETING. The running for the Derby Stakes commenced on Thursday morning, at Wallace's Paddock, at half -past 9 o clock, where a large number of coursers appeared, brought up by the special. Soon after arrival the first pair of dogs were put in slips ahd thohgh, from the heat of the weather hnfi hardiness of ground, many feared, that results would not be fcivorakld- thA fates were propitious, and the Derby card of twehtjr- six courses was finished at a few minutes past 5 o clock. Hares were not , so plentiful but owing to Wilson s care in slipping, few Were lost, and. those only in cases where the Blip would be too ha£ardou£. Cbv&r; was thin, ground hard, there was sufficient fur, ahd abfeidefitii fibt very serious. True, it was coursing in the dog days, but, all things considered, the first day's meet of the V.C.C. has been a decided success. The stewards did their best, and though it is invidious to particularise, mention must not be omitted df Mf. M. Greene and the Hon. R. Simson, who worked con dmdr'6. Mf; Johnson had an easy time, as most of the trials wete decisive; what he had to do he did well. Wilson showed himself a master in his business as slipper. A most excellent lunch was on the ground, and Mr. W. J. Clarke most kindly arranged that the hungry army of beaters had a good feed frdm the dateref. FIRST ROUUD. Mr Faucett's Faudanco beat Dr Fetherston's Frank Mr Hepburn's Hareioot beat Mr Gatenby's General Mr Renwick's Tom Pepper beat Mr Hart's Surplice Mr Goudrou's Iuvincible beat Mr Hopkins's Sea Water Mr Woodhouse's Landseer a bye Mr Rousevell's Royal Avon beat Mr M'Speeriog'a St. Jlaus . . Mr Reriwlck's Fishhook beat Mr Livingstone's Light- iiing . .i .« . iu.- Strettle's Covenantor beat Mr ClarKje' Cilrrier Mr Gatenby's Good Luck beat tyr Holtom's Gladstone Mr Jones's Jacobite beat Mr Swallow's Canterbury Mr MCulloeh's Co nsol a by e, Mr Rocke's Registrar-Genera drawu Mr Faucett's Forest King beat Mr Gatenby's Gran tham Mr Plant's Simon Pure a bye irBeckwiih's Bumble Bee beat Mr Benwick's Black Harry , . ' Mr Tidy's Friar Tuck beat jStr Hgpbtirn's Railway Mr Fleming's Mdrnihg Str b'£at Mr Bftnhef t's Field Marshal ,, . Mr, Collier's General Grant beat Mr Warren's Welcoihfe Mr Jones's Jasper beat Mr Murphy's Precious Mr Fanning's Fulmiuor beat Mr Greene's Gladiator Mr Greene's Gobiin a bye Mr Thompson's Kamesburgh beat Mr Willis's Little Star Mr Clarke's Credit beat Mr Elwortby's Esau Mr Bldor's JBenicia Boy beat Mr Paterson's Kerry ; litr Beiihett's Napper Tandy beat Dr Fetherston's Fair fax - ; , - = . , . Mr Munday's Majeroni b'ict Mr. Clarke's Count Tivoli Mr Gore's Giraffe beat Mr Ne wing's Fdul Play; Fandango led Frank, and haying served him self twice, gave the Protector puppy a chauee He did not seem to appreciate the compliment, and allowed tjde Gacique II. -puppy to win as he pleased. Harefoot and General went out of slips as if locked together, hut thfc lock seemed to opeu, and Harefodt dre# away oh the outside, and, in a good coiirsfe, outpaced and outworked the General. (Memo: First public trial, of Royal Water and Wee Avon litter. ) The Red Rose pup, Tom Pepper, gave the South Aus tralian. representative, Surplice, a most unde niable dressing in a long course. Invincible repeated the performance of toe last coarse leading Sea W atfef , serving himself four times, and only allowing his hsili-hrother to seore by favour. Pharoah, imagining that there Iwas a dead sea before, coold not be got to sight his hare, and had to be taken from slips, Landseer getting a bye. Royal Avon, fighting tor South Australia, showed a clean pair of heels to St. Clair, running a most brilliant Course, and not leaving the issue in doubt for a moment. Fishhook sustained his sire, Red Rover's, repu tation by running keenly and well, and beating Lightning both in pace and work. Covenanter had the best of the run up with Currier, and though the latter pat in some aBeful work in the middle of the course, Covenanter coming again With renewed vigour, left off a winner witkoiit milch to spare. Good Lack, another Caciqtie, led Gladstone, the hare favouring him j the latter went by him, and seemed in view to have the best of the foot ; doubtless work was done out of our sight, as the judge gave the course to Good Luck. Jacobite simply ran away from Canterbury, and killed his hare. Consols ran a bye, Mr. Rocke being deterred by the near proximity of some rocks to test Regis trar-General. Forest King had a merry spin with Grantham, and seemed to have the best of it ; the hare was not a strong one, and a kill was the issue ; eDoughwas done to hoist Forest King's flagi Simon Peter ran a bye, General Peel drawn. Black Harry led Bumble Bee, but seemed sud denly to get out of it, and the Bee won a short trial in a conclusive manner. Railway led Friar Tuck, and secured first turn. When the Friar got in he was very busy, and the Nutlad dog got well placed more than once ; the red won with something in hand. Morning Star led Field Marshal by a length first turn, but the Cacique puppy warming up went in, and scoring very quickly, seemed to have the best of it, but suddenly declining, the Star shot aSoutf, and making matters even, ' obtained the judge's -fiat It- was afterwards ascertained that the Marshal was sverely injured, and smashed one of his feet against a rock. General Grant gave AYelcome a sound beating, and though a loose dog joined in, matters were never in doubt as to either pace or work. Jasper leading Precious by ten lengths, never allowed him to score except by favour. Ful miuor repeated the performance of the pre ceding trial when he" met Gladiator, leading him lengths and running a fast and determined greyhound. Goblin ran a brilliant bye, and the course between him and Fulminor will be one of the hottest in the stake. Kamesburgh beat little Star without any trouble, though seem ingly not getting his pace up at first ; it was not a brilliant performance on the. part of either. Credit allowed Esau , no credit on an easy course; it ' seemed all one way, and was a succession of serving .himself and wrenching on tbe part of Mr. Clarke's dog, who won with , heaps to spare. BeniciaBoy leading Kerry got-fest turn; Kerry getting in did some work, but suddenly seemed to think better of it and stopped ; the Boy won. Nappei Tandy and Fairfax were sent away to a racing hare and with good law. The red seemed to get quickest on his legs, but the Napper, accumulating pace, went by him and get first —————— turn.' A good give - and - take dotfrse went onT Napper having the best of it, and winning. Maie- roni-bcat, Count Tivoli in a very easy manner, and Giraffe having a gallop to himself, his mate in slips (Foul Play) noc seeming, anxious to go, concluded the . Derby Stakes. ' It is useless to. anticipate results, so many things intervene ; but, as far as the first day's: running goes, the adage is borne out, blood will tell. ; The running fdr tbe Oaks was commenced yes terday morning, in the Vineyard Paddock, when the first brace, of young ladies were pnt in slips to show their quality. The morning was hot. too- hot for coursing, nevertheless a fair sprink ling of coursers jumped from the .special train to f witness the day's . sport. The proceedings opened, with Gee Gee, a representative of Mr Gardi&ef;, ixthtt Sydney, getting a bye, Miss Ajron being drawn Revel and Gill Gill, another of Mr. Gardiner's, went away after a weak hare. Revel bad the best of a short coarse, nothing very brilliant done by either, i the black doing most of what was done, aud Winning with a balance when the hare was killed, bfaid tt Judah led Petty Cash, and serving herself, put in a series of good work, winning easily, Miss Wellington disposed of Belle- vue in a quick-run coarse, giviBg Mr. Johnson little trouble to select the winner. Juanita ran a brilliant bye single-handed, and though all dogs seem to go well when alone, her pace was goad, dad she went as if glued to her hare. Handsote Girl beat Rosa Bonheur in a short spin, by no mdand d great trial ; at one time Rosa looked dangerous, but the daughter of Handsome Jack won with enough in hand. Miss Maggie, the first of the Tumult blood that has run in the colonies, showed fair pace and undeniable pluck, beating Fairy Queen, and after breasting the steep bill to the vineyard, jumped the fence, and went on well with her gafitfte. Aurora led Lady Van dyke, and won a good trial with seeming ease. Current Coin unsighted for & moment out of slips, allowed Countess Tivoli fair odds, but putting on steam raced past the Countess, and in a tremendous long coarse did all the work. Kigs had the best of the run-up with Miss J eSsiO,' ssnd for her first course (as I was in formed by Mr. Clarke), ran with pace and cleverness, Miss Jessie doing little in the trial but following. Gaiety, & daughter of Mag- nano's, had the best of the nln-up with Busy body, who did belie her name, and made business so warm that she obtained the judge's decision. The hare seemed a little better than both. Juliet beat Belzie in a course run completely out of slight, owing to the nature of the ground ; frem what I saw of the beginning of the course Juliet had immeasurably most foot. The same ground prevented me from seeing more of the course between Tintoretto and Hebe than the first hundred yards out of slips, and though I Hebe had the best of it, Tintoretto seemed I gaining fast, and secured in a long course, I the flag going up in her favour. Gitano led Briseis lengths up, and dusting her hare aboiit Without permitting the brindle to score. Out Of sight some work was done by Briseis, who killed but the course was never in doubt, the Cashier bitch running strong and fast Miss Minnie, another Royal Water and Wee Avon puppy, led Sultana, allowing her in for second torn. A short trial ; ended in Miss Mifinie winning. Avon Water, sister to' winner of last course, led Forest Queeii serving herself. The Queen, getting in, did some Woffc bfit Avon, coming again, scored enough to win, thoilgh Forest Queen fan gamely, and finished with a kill. Fairy, daughter of Cacique II., beat Gazelle in a good trial, having somewhat the best of pace and work. Gazelle was, I believe, not at all fit, and under the oiroumstances ran "well. Angelica- Kaiilfman was led by Jed to a strong hare in a magnificent slip, but ef ore . reaching the hare, Angelica got by, and, serving' herself, put in a lot of work, winning her course very easily. Camilla, though getting badly out of slips, made up her lost ground, had all the best of a grueller, Agitation not being much use to her. Her style of coursing round with a swing and not stopping is very useful with a fast hare, Bcoring as shei did rapidly, and beating Agita tion without any great trouble. Sea Ghost had not the ghost of a chance with Rachal, who never allowed her to score once. Rachel ran true and keen, but the hate was too much for her. Lady of the Lake led gradually away from Morning Gleam in a straight race, and had always the best of the brindle, though once she looked dangerous. No doubt the best of the two won. Josephine led Hyssop, and worked her hare without much assistance from Mr. Hepburn's bitch. The pace was fast, but the working of Josephine was very wide, and when she meets one with equal pace, if she wants the flag to go up in her favour she must lose less ground at her turns. Puzzle was led up by the South Australian bitch Ready Money, who served herself and got quickly placed again. Driving at her hare she went a cropper, and allowed Puzzle in, who, availing herself of the chance, did a lot of work and left off a winner. Garland and Singing Girl were sent after a hare out of sight of all save the judge and one or two horsemen on the road; a short spin made Garland a winner. Desdemona. in a short trial, in which there was but little work done, did enough to get the flag hoisted in her favour, thus finishing the first round for the Oaks. The first ties for the Derby were at once proceeded with. Fandango being ab sent through his owner thinking he would not be iequired, Harefoot ran a bye. Invincible never allowed Tom Pepper to score anything save by favour, and won with ease. Royal Avon fully sustained the opinion formed of his running on Thursday, beating Landseer pointless, and sticking to his hare like a demon. Fishhook, drawn lame, gave Covenanter a bye, which he rani single-handed. Good Luek and Jacobite were put in the slips, but not getting a hate and evening coining on, they were ordered out to take their place first in the morning. The abovJ was a grand day's sport. Stewards and officials worked well, Mr. Johnson's -deci sions were unquestioned, Wilson's slipping was admired, Hie ! lunch was enjoyed, Mr. Clarke's health was toasted with full honours, and all started home convinced that there never was better sport in the Vineyadrd Paddock. ' , , Results. ' ' Oaks.— First Round. Gee Gee ran a bye Revel beat Gill Gill of Judah beat Petty Gash Miss Wellington beat Bfillevue Juanita ran a bye Handsome Girl beat Rosa Bonheur Miss Masirie beat Fairy Queen Aurora boat Lady V aadyke Current Goin beat Countess Tivoli Kigs beat Miss Jessie \ Busybody beat Gaiety Juliet beat Bellzie Tintoretto beat Hebe ; ; ' : . „n9beat Briseis . ; - mss Minnie beat Sultana ' Avon Water beat Forest Queen Fairy beat Gazelle Angehca- Kauffaban beat Jed Camilla beat Agitation Rachel beat Sea Ghost Lady of the Lake beat Morning -Gleam ' Josephine beat Hyssop Puzzle beat Ready Money. Garland beat Singing Girl Desdemona beat Iltna De Murska. Derby.— First Ties. Harefoot a bye, Fandango absent Invincible beat Tom Pepper Royal Avon beat Landseer Covenanter a bye. Fishhook dr. lame. Meet this day, Digger's Rest. Special, 8.15. First dogs in slips on arrival of train. 