Mongolian migration. No. II. BY WILLIAM HEPWORTH DIXON. THE MURESK LEGEND. THE Chinese legend current in San Francisco is a little wild ; making the Chinese in America a mere gang of bondsmen, owned by the Six Companies, and governed by an Asiatic Vehm Gericht, Grand Lodge or Council of Ten, who wield a secret and mysterious power, which neither male nor female can escape. Feeling some doubt as to the truth of this Chinese legend, taken as a whole, we seek for light among persons who are likely to have ferreted out the facts officers of police and ministers of religion ; but for several weeks we search in vain. The Chinese legend is in books and magazines, and no one cares to ask his neighbor whether that current legend be true or false. At length, by help of Consul Booker, we approach the only people who have sure and perfect knowledge of the facts-the upper class of resident Chinese. Among the small group of rich and educated Chinese living in San Francisco, Lee Wong, a merchant of high standing and approved integrity, seems to be a man more likely than any other to give true answers to plain questions. Lee Wong happens to lie under obligation to our excellent Consul, for certain good offices in connection with his business. He is willing to pay some portion of his debt, by giving us any information we may seek. We therefore ask him to a conference at the Consulate. He comes at the appointed hour, and after formal compli- ments we sent him in a chair, so that the majesty of Queen Victoria's face may beam into his Asiatic eyes. " Will you be kind enough to tell us, Lee Wong, about the Six Companies ?" " Six Companies ! Your people make mistakes about these Companies. We have, in fact, Five Companies, not six. The body called by you the Sixth Company is a committee of management and arbitration, a local body, living in America, and charged with looking after business on the Pacific coast. The Five Companies have their seats in China, and are known by the localities in which their members live. These Five Companies are 1. King Yung 2 Kwong Chow 3 Hop Wo 4 Sam Yep 5 Yung Wo. These Five Companies collect the emigrants, carry them to Canton and Hong Kong, make all arrangements for the transport, and see them put on board the mails. The Sixth Company (or Committee) sits in San Francisco, where its. functions are to receive the emigrants on their arrival, and to see that all their contracts and obligations are carried out," " Will you explain to us these contracts and obligations !" " Yes ; but will you put yourselves in our place, and see the truth in a good light The Melicans call us heathen, but we have our own religion and our religion is not, like the Molican religion, only for those who like and only when they like. Our religion is for while we live and after we die. So, when the Five Companies agree to bring a man over to California, that is one thing ; when they agree to take his ashes back to China, that is another thing. You see The agreement to bring him over is a contract ; the agreement to carry his ashes back is an obligation." "Are all your passengers placed under the same kind of bond !" " Not all. We have two classes of our lists : first-such as come over in our debt, and under bond to us ; second, such as pay their own fares in Hong-Kong and land in San Francisco free. We have a contract with the first class only ; but we have our obligations towards the second class also, since we are bound to carry them back in case of death.' " Tell us how you begin your labor. Where do you find the people to come over 1" "The Five Companies send their agents, up and down the provinces, both near the sea and far in land, to tell poor people, who are pinched for rice and tea, of the great markets which are; opening for their labor in California, Oregon, and Nevada. Of course they talk big. Melican talk big ; Chinaman talk bigger than Mohican. These agents say the hills an) made of silver, and the rivers run with gold. They offer help, giving passes to such persons as care to move. They had all means of transport ; here by road, there by river ; doing things SO well-having plenty of rich men to help-that they bring a man to the coast in carts and boats for less money than he could get along on foot- For five dollars they pick him up in his village, and carry him down to Hong-Kong. If he is poor they take his bond for those five dollars, supplying his needs in most and drink, for which they take a second bond. When he arrives in Hong-Kong, they got his licence and secure his berth. The fare is forty-five dollars, which money they pay also a lauding-fee of , live dollars, which is repaid by the Steam Company to our Committee in San Francisco. These five dollars paid by the Committee go into the Dead Fund." " Then, as a rule, each man who hails from Hong Kong to San Francisco is not merely a pauper, but a pledged debtor and boudoir I" " Hum ! Chinaman is used to all that he no care ; he work hard and save much money. Then be go free," " How much, on an average, is the amount of his debt when he lands ?" " From first to last a common passenger may owe bin ComiHiny ninety or a hundred dollars. All this money he will have to work out." " Before he becomes his own master before he can do as he likes ?" " Of course, before he does as he likes he must redeem his bond.'' " Do the Five Companies in China take his personal bond, trusting to the Sixth Company in San Francisco to get their money back !" "They take a family bond as well.' In China every man hansome one-father, uncle, brother who is ready to give pledges. We are not Uko MelicauB. Our family system makes it easy to obtain suet bonds, for every member of a family has his place in a sacred line, ascending and de- ascending in a series from the first man to the last. If there- be house and land, we take a lien on house and land, the family giving us a mortgage and allowing for interest at the rate of twenty-four or thirty-six per cent," " Good interest !" " Yes ; it is a trade, and as a trade we make it pay. It an emigrant has neither house nor land, we seek the personal security of his father and grandfather; his ancestors being the most [sacred things a Chinese man can pledge. We charge more interest when the security is only personal ) Yes, we charge ton dollars a month in place of two. Yet these securities seldom fail. Of course, we run some risk. Our man may die ; worse still, he may fall sick ; worst of all, he may commit a crime. If Sent to gaol, his work is lost Again, his bond may turn out bad. But every business has a lucky and unlucky turn." " A man with, such a debt as you describe is virtually a slave-!" " In Canton, yes in San Francisco, no. We never use such words. We are his masters and parents. We receive him on landing into our two great societies in San Francisco the Wing Yung and the. Fook Sing Tong where he is watched over in life and death." "What HE by these great societies of Wong Yung and Fook Ting Ting !" "Wong Yung in our living office, near the county gaol When the ships arrive, we bring our people to Wing Yung, where we lodge them, feed them, and hire them out. Fook Sing Tong in our Dead Office, in Laurel-hill Cemetery, where we lay the ashes of our people till they can be sent home to China." " Do many of your bondsmen run away ?" " They cannot go away, They have no food, no money. They Speak no English words ; they know no Melican magistrates. Nearly all the people in San Francisco think them had men paupers, convicts, and rebels. No family will _ engage a Chinaman unless we give him a character and guarantee his conduct. So they have to stay with us, or die in the streets. We let them out on hire, receiving their wages, and giving them so much a month to live on-till our debts are paid." "About 'the second class-the men who pay their own fares, and come on their own account are they on landing free from your control ?" , " Free from the Sixth' Company ?" ' "Yes: are they free from all control, save that of the American courts 1" " They pay the Company five dollars each as a landing-fee. This' fee they are compelled to pay, because they cannot land without our leave." ; "Then, your company have some authority over every man who comes from Hong- Kong, and lands in this port?" " We have the moral obligation to restore his bones to China ; so we tax him (five dollars on his landing-to he safe. Unless we give him our certificate, the Pacific Mail Company will not let him come on shore. That contract is made by the Five Companies with the Mail Company. When a passenger has paid his fee, he is at liberty to leave his ship but not till he can show that he has paid the fee, in either gold or bonds." " You keep an eye on him afterwards, much as you keep an eye on your bond- servant ?" " The same. We keep an eye on everyone. Who else would care about his bones ?" " You have your own police and magistrates?" " We have our spies and head-men everywhere. In San Francisco we have many spies. It is thought a good thing to be a spy ; a bad thing to be a ghost. A spy serves the Chinese, a ghost serves the Melicaua. By means of these spies and head-men we hear of what is going on in every house. We know every man's name, and where he is, and what he is about. It is our duty to fish out things. Even when a man is dead, we have to find his bones and send their home. If not, he would be buried and forgotten like a dog." " Your Company is said to wield such secret powers that you can reach offenders in any place, and strike them down at any moment, even under the eyes of local magistrates, For instance, I have heard that two of your people lived near Reno, in the Nevada Mountains that one of them broke some rule of the Six Companies that his fellow received a hint to kill him and that he was put away SO craftily that the crime has never yet been traced. Can such a tale be true ?" "Who knows? Some Chinamen good, some bad. Melican law make bad man worse. In Hong-Kong if you kill a man, you will be hung, whether you have plenty of money or not, Money makes no difference. In San Francisco, you kill a man ; if you have plenty money, you get off. That is not good law. Here, too, all sorts of secret societies are allowed. In China, only bad men enter into Masonic lodges ; rogues and rebels, who want to change the dynasty and destroy the faith. These secret societies are all put down by mandarins. Here, the bad Chinamen start a lodge. We ask the MelicauB to put them down. They answer that the law allows Masonic lodges. That bad law. The Sixth Company has to put them down." " You seem to exercise the power of a Vigilance Committee ?" " No ; we have no secret powers We only have our bonds and mortgages, the sway which those who lend money have on their debtor. All beyond is moral force and the two great societies of Wing Yung and Fook Sing Tong. Chinese ourselves, we understand our brethren ; having the same religious rites, the same family sentiment, as the poorest followers of Tao and Buddha. Our chief authority lies in our control of the Dead Fund. A man who might not stop at murder, would shrink from vexing a tribunal that may cause delay in sending back his- bones to Hong-Kong." " Ia such delay frequent ?" " Yes, for months and years, Except OF our certificate no steamer will carry dead men's bones, and some of the captains- will not carry them at all." " You have no vessels of your own ?" "Not yet, Our trade is carried on in English ships, and English sailors hate to carry bones. It is no part of their religion, us oD ours, to be buried on the spot where they are born." " Your people all go back ?" " Yes, all good people. Here and there some Tartar rascals, having no regard for their ancestors, cut their pig-tails and put on Melican clothes. Not men, but cars. Except these dogs, all Chinese go back when they are dead." " Still you are pouring in !" " Yes ; more and more ; each season more than ever. Last year five thousand ; this year thirteen thousand ; next year twenty-five thousand perhaps. In Malice, plenty land, not much people in China, plenty people, not much land ; so Chinamen like- to live in. Musical, and go back to China when they die." HEATHEN CHINEE. A MEEK-eyed, passive Mongol moves your heart to pity, even while your ears are ringing with the scorn, and tingling with the curses, heaped on him and all his brood. Note him at table, where his shining face; his natty figure, and his nimble movements, tell so much from contrast with the dull time,, the shapeless contour, and the lumpy languor of a Negro servant. Note him in the kitchen, on the railway track, and in the silver mine ; where he is always ready, with his shaven face, was twisted pig-tail, and his deferential smile, to do his best for you. When sick of Mary Jane and her dirty finery, it is a cheery sight to find Hop Fi skiiuming-'iibout your table in a mock like newly fuller snow. " Two knives under that smock, IIB iiiiioueubus he looks," whispers my next neighbor, a gentleman who abhors the Yellow race and has- an excellent Chinese cook. " A decent sort of hill to look at," I observe. " Ugh ! A Heathen Chinee ; as big a scoundrel 113 the rust; perhaps worse, if one only know the truth." " You don't know, then?" " Know I Sir, nobody can know. Why this, fellow has no home ; he comes from no place. How am I to guess how many people be- his stabbed, how many periods he has spent in gaol ? If I enquire, he tells me lies. Thureson says he has never stabbed man or woman and has never been a day in gaol. Look at the wretch as he akipH round that lady's chair. No doubt, he had two knives concealed under his white smock." " Give him the benefit of that doubt.'" " No, Sir, I will give him nothing but his wages. So much work, so much pay j. that is the end of our agreement. Take my word for it, that fellow in his own country was either a thief, a rebel, or a slave. Those Chinese won't send us their best people. Guess they have no mandarins to spare." A man who hears such gossip in the clubs and at the dinner-table of San Francisco might infer that much of Uia fear, hatred, and suspicion heaped on Hop Fi falls to him, not so much because he is a heathen, as because- his face is womanish, his manner passive, his labor cheap. Of course, some people may have highest grounds for having him but these considerations have their bearing on the great result. " You like to have these Asiatic servants in your house ?" I ask my cynical host " On principle, no-in practice, you," that host replies. " Like other Aussies, you can do nothing with them, nothing without them. Out of many evils, you are glad to cutting the least. As cooks and waiters they are worth their salt. You may not like them, not being certain who they are, and why they left Canton. At home, you may be sure, they were no good. To us of the White race they are as shadowy and irresponsible as children of the night. Yet if you want a dinner, you must have a Chinaman for cook." " Why not an Irish girl on Bavarian Trade?" " No no I no Irish girls and Bavarian Trains for mo 1 Look at my rascal Ki. You notice that when I speak to him, I call him Ah Ki, not Hop Ki. Ah means master, and the fellow is not without his spice of pride. To call a man 'Ah' is one of his three thousand ceremonies of politeness, and the three thousand ceremonies of politeness are coming into use in San Francisco. I call this chap Ah Ki instead of raising his wages, and my politeness pays me five dollars a month. That comes of paying attention to the Book of Rites. Now, Hop Fi is cheaper to me than any Biddy or Train alive, and nets in his vocation more like a decent sort of wench. Ask my wife there, whether Ki is not the best seamstress, chambermaid, and washerwoman she ever had to scold and pinch? At first you can't help laughing to see a moon-face Heathen Chinee in your bath and dressing-room, emptying pails and cleaning combs ; but after tugging at his pig-tail three or four times, and finding the chignon won't come off, your eye gets used to him and you forget his sex." " Compared with Trant and Biddy, your rascal Ki appears to be a domestic pet." "Well, yes sort of pot; just us a polecat might be made a put. You BOO, he stays at home of nights, and grubs his none into the grate. He begs no Sunday outs. When he goes to joss house, he comes to ask my leave, and never stays beyond his hour. No cousins follow him to the house, and eat my venison pie. To do the heathen justice, though Jue carries two. knives under his smock, he has some qualities rare among White people, and quite unknown to Irish girls and German Frauds. He never drinks. He seldom sulks and storms. He uses no offensive words at least, no words that your wife and daughter understand. No doubt, the rascal storms in his sleep and curses in his native tongue ; sometimes I catch him at his papers but the heathen is so cunning that when he is storming and cursing at his loudest, a man who didn't know him would think he was only failing a baby to sleep." " Is it a fact that, like other Asiatics, the best of these Mongols fit and pilfer ?" " Yes, they fit and pilfer ; not, however, beyond the margin of their class. All servants lie and steal. Biddy pockets more, Trait bullies more, than Ki. Then Ki has moments of remorse, which Trant and Biddy never have, When Ki is very bad he comes to me, white in the eyes, and begs me to give him a good beating." "You comply?" " Sure enough. He likes the stick, and so do I. Giving Ki a beating now and then is good for both of us. I always feel be r after walloping Ki." Mine host is not more notable for his humor than his kindliness of heart. No man in San Francisco has done more than he to get these Asiatics treated fairly by the judges and police. " You can form no notion of the impudence of these rascals," he continues. " Only the other day, in our rainy season, when the mud was fifteen inches deep in Montgomery-street, a Yellow chap in fur tippets and purple satin gown was crossing over the road by a plank, when one of our worthy citizens, Booing how nicely he was dressed, more like a lady than a tradesman, ran on the plank to meet hunt and, when the fellow stopped and stared, just gave him a little jerk, and whisked him, with a waggish laugh, into the bed of Blush. He had You should have seen the crowd of people mocking the impudent Heathen Chinee as- he picked himself up in his soiled tippets and satin gown 1" "Did anyone in the crowd stand drinks all round !" " Well, no that Heathen Chinee rather turned the laugh aside." " Ay ; how was that ?" " No white man can conceive the impudence of these Chinese. Mossiface picked himself up, shook off a little of the mire, and, looking mildly at our worthy citizen, curtseyed like a girl, saying to him, in a voice that everyone standing round could hear: , You Christian: me Heathen : Good-bye.' " [TO me CONTINUED 