PUBLISHED DAILY. 11 lam in tho place whcro I am dornandod of conscience to apeak tho truth, and, tboroforo, the truth I speak, impugn It whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Lotters and other communications iutonded for In- sertion In tho notts columns should be tvddroajod to TUB EDITOR. Rojectcd communications cannot bo returned under any circumBtanccs whatever. No notice can bo taken of anonymous cot-naunicatlonj. Evory lotter must bo accompanied by tho name and address of tho writer, not nocceoarlly for publication, but as a guárante» of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons Interested wo havo to rcqucBt that all bUBiuoes communie-' tlons, including advertisements, orders for the Sipor, and remittances, be addroesod to WILSON, and AciUNtiOH, rand not to Tux EDITOR. OPERA-HOUSE. TUURSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1877. Sir. SERVICE'S Bpeech on tho Budget last night was composed ia a great measure of expresaions of unbounded admiration for the skill and modera- tion of the Treasurer, of sympathy as a freetrader with the aspirations of the protectionists, and of interest in the Btiugglea of native industry; But in between the complimentary and bene- volent allusions the hon. gentleman in- troduced some remarks on a variety of topicB which may well arrest attention. In dealing with the proposed new duties he Bingled out the contemplated impost on jute manufactures for special' animadversion. Ho pointed out that not ooly must tbo tax: provo a heavy burden on the farming interest, but that it is not in accordance with the prin- ciples by which rational protectionists if we may be allowed to couple these two words without introducing a con- tradiction in terms-profess to bo governed. Their avowed object, as ho very truly stated, is to assist in the establishment of industries which are capable of acclimatisation, not to inciease the profits of those that can get along without assistance. Now, as we all know, the jute factoiies in this colony were commenced on a free-trade basis, and up to the present time have been able to maintain a fairly profitable existence without state help. What excuse, thon, can there possibly be for voting them a subsidy at this time of day 1 As the bon. member for Maldon pointed out, there is no pro tence that the duty will improve the wages of those employed in the trade, and, therefore, it will be a clear gift to two individuals, at the expenso of a large and important section of the community, viz., the agriculturists. To show how heavily this duty on jute goods would press on the solectors and farmers generally, Mr. SERVICE gave the results of some calculations he had made. He finds that the tax on sacks would amount to -Id, per acre on all lands devoted to the production of grain, and that on bags to an average of 2s. per aero on lands cropped with potatoes. If the small holders aro to be treatedinthis way, their exemption from the land-tax will not bo without counter- acting disadvantages. Mr. SERVICE'S strictures on the system pursued with regard to public works are eminently reasonable. Ile tells us that when he was in office he could not spare ono penny for new undertakings, all the money at his dis- posal being needed to complete worka already in hand. This arose from the practice which had been followed beforo his time, of placing small sums on the estimates for the commencement of a number of buildings., etc., the com- pletion of which waa a drain on the reeourcesof succeeding years. He pointed out that the estimates at present under consideration are not free from this de- fect. For instance, there is an amount of £7,000 put down towards the erection of an exhibition-hall. No planB or estimates havo been submitted, and beyond the vague announcement that it will probably cost somo £80,000 or £100,000, there is nothing to show the House to what it is committing itself. Seven thousand pounds seems a very trifling sum, and hon. members will no doubt pass it without a word, forgetting that they aro thereby virtually appropriating a considerable proportion of the sum annually available for public works for some years to come. It is evident that votes on account should bear some reasonable relation to the total expenditure it is intended to incur, in order that the House may be reminded that the means at its disposal are not unlimited, and that it cannot have "too many irons in the fire" at one time without incurring financial inconvenience or possible embarrass- ment. Some of the speakers in the course of the debate have dwelt forcibly on the necessity for economy in all departments of the state. Year after year, we have been looking for a movement in this direction, but year after year we have been doomed to disappointment. Suc- ceeding estimates have shown a gra- dual increase, and the expenditure proposed for 1877-78 is no less than £_,860,1H, or some £331,000 more than was estimated as necessary for the previous 12 months. We are aware, of course, that £150.000 should properly be provided for by loan, and that £09,000 is a special appropriation for interest on an additional loan, but if we deduct these sums, £100,000 is added to the cost of government. Ac- cording to Mr. Sera ICE, our population during the last six years has increased barely 15 per cent,, while our taxation proper has increased 20 per cent., and our expenditure on matters appertaining to Government alono, 22\ We are frequently told not to bo alarmed at our growing responsibilities, as they arose from the extension of reproductive works, which, whUe apparently increasing our outlav. in reality add to our profits. We trust that if Mr. BERRY remains long enough in office to prepare another financial statement, he will adopt the plan pursued in Queensland and New Zea- land, and furnißk us with printed accounts, both departmental and general, so that we may know exactly how matters stand. At present we must confess that we cannot contemplate the growth of our expenditure with anything ap proaching satisfaction, notwithstanding the comforting assurance alluded to We aro afraid that a great many of tho undertakings which aro gradually necos sitating the increase may bo reproduc tive in the same way that the Wanga ratta andBeechworth line ia reproductivo viz., by annually reproducing a heavy loss. Eich and prosperous as this commu- nity undoubtedly is on the whole, not- withstanding liberal Governments and protective tariffs, there must be some limit to its powers of bearing taxation without hardship even at the beat of times, and certainly our prospects just at present aro not so brilliant as to justify us in straining our resources to the utmost. While earnestly hoping that the favourable anticipations entertained by the Treasurer with regard to the immediate future may bo verified by results, Sir JAMES M'GULLOCII pointed out on Tuesday various reasons for not being over sanguine. He drew atten- tion to the unfavourable weather we have experienced of late, and ventured to prognosticate that the returns from London for wool shipped will decrease by at least £2,000,000. This, taken in conjunction with the falling-off in the yield of gold, cannot fail to have a very aerlous effect upon the money market. It is likely, we fear, to lead to dear accommodation, and conse- quent industrial difficulty. The drynesa of the season threatens the free selectora also, and there can bo little doubt that, " if the present drought continue " until the incoming summer, the result " will be very disastrous not only to the " squatting interest, but to the selecting " and farming interest, and to the whole " commercial interest of the colony." Economy is a thing to bo desired and striven after at all times, as a wasteful or unnecessary expenditure is áomoral iBing and suicidal, even in seasons of the greatest prosperity ; but surely it is of paramount iniportanco when tho public burdens aro heavy, and the ability to bear them is likely to bo impaired io a variety of ways. Certainly the Melbourne Hospital is one of the most unfortunate charities that ever came under our notice. It is never apparently out of hot water. From year's end to year's end it exists in a condition of chronic investigation. When an honorary medical officer is not being " sat upon" for neglect of duty, one of the resident staff is usually un dergoing the process preliminary to reprimand, or a committeeman is being put to the question respecting some sin of omission or commission. Other charitable institutions manage to pur sue the tenour of their way with only an occasional scandal, but the Melbourne Hospital is always before the public in some form or other, which is anything but creditable to those concerned in its management. The last inquiry hold has disclosed a state of affairs which would assuredly excite the indignation of the subscribers were it not that they have become so accustomed to the revelation of serious defects and the steady perpetuation of abuses that they have long ago ceased to regard the former as curable or the latter as a subject for protest. The facts, briefly stated, are as follow. On the evening of the 11th July, Mr. BEANEY was sent for to see a patient who had been ad- mitted that day, suffering from an injury to his skull. He was accom panied on his visit by Mr. ANDERSON, a committeeman. He gave certain direc- tions, ordered a consultation to be called for the following day, and then left, together with Mr. ANDERSON; Shortly afterwards Mr. ANDERSON re- turned, with Mr. BUTTERS, for the purpose of seeing whether Mr. BEANEY'S directions had been car- ried out or not. He found that a hot-water bottle which had been ordered to be applied to the feet of the injured man had not been provided, whereupon he went for Dr. MUNRO, the resident medical officer in charge of the case. On returning, the bottle was in its place, but, on feeling it, Mr. ANDER- SON declared that it was not warm enough. Dr. Munno, however, decided that it was at the right temperature, and directed the wardsman to replace it. The proceedings of Mr. ANDERSON led to an altercation between him and the wardsman. The bottle in question either slipped or was thrown on to the floor, and a disturbance was created in the ward, to the manifest injury of the patients. Mr. ANDERSON and Mr. BUTTERS stated in evidence that the row was brought about by the insolence of the wardsman, CHRISTIAN JOHNS, while other witnesses affirmed that Mr. ANDERSON came to the hospital in a very excited state, and was the cause of all the subsequent commotion. The subcommittee has adopted the latter view of the case, and has furthermore found that " the nurse was carrying out " the orders given him." Without going into this point minutely, we may express a decided opinion that the short- est period of time mentioned as having elapsed between the order for the hot- water bottle being given and its applica- tion to the feet of the patient was far too long, looking at the simplicity of the operation. CHRISTIAN JOHNS may have been carrying out the directions given, but certainly he was taking his own time over the matter. Mr. McGUIGAN, whose conduct throughout the inquiry has been of a very questionable character, has dis- sented from the finding of the sub- committee on a variety of grounds, but we fail to appreciate the force of his objections. The first two state that certain rules of the hospital were violated by Dr. MUNRO in the treatment of the case: but we cannot understand how this-even if true-affects the two questions of fact, viz., Was there im- proper delay in applying the bottle and was Mr. ANDERSON or Wardsman JOHNS responsible for the disturbance which admittedly took place ? As to whether the bottle fell accidentally or was thrown on to the floor, and what was the exact time between Mr, ANDER SON'S departure and return, they are matters which can only be decided by the balance of evidence, of which there is no reason to suppose that Mr. McGUIGAN is a better judge than his fellow committeemen. The fifth reason for dissenting ought in our opinion never to have been put on record. It is a cruel and wanton aspersion on the character of men, who are thus referred to solely for venturing to espress their own opinions. Mr. McGUIGAN'S insult- ing remarks concerning some of the witnesses when under examination must have excited the disgust of all right minded men. In connexion with this inquiry, another matter has cropped up which demands very serious attention. According to a supplementary memorandum handed in by the subcommittee, the patient (DAVID BRUCE), whose alleged neglect was the cause of the disturbance, " was "admitted to the Hospital at 5 p.m..on "the 11th July,and . . . nothing " was done in the direction of surgical "assistance until 11 o'clock a.m. on " the following day." Mr. BEANEY "was sent for about a quarter of an hour after his reception, but it was nearly 11 o'clock p.m. before he put in an ap- pearance. It was not, however, until 12 hours afterwards that any attempt was made to give the unfortunate man relief. It may be that he would have died under any circumstances, but the subscribers should insist that patients received into the Hospital should be afforded a fair chance of re- covery by receiving prompt attention. We have no doubt we shall be told that Mr. BEANEY was too much occupied with private practice during the hours mentioned to attend to the case, as he was when Mr. JOSKE lay neglected and dying on another Saturday night. We do not, of course, assert that; a medical man ought to neglect his private practice, on which his living de pends, in order to attend to his hospital duties, but we assert advisedly that no gentleman should become an honorary officer of such an institution who has not sufficient time at his command to enable him to give the cases placed in his wards early attention. We think the committee is bound to investigate this matter thoroughly, in order to ascertain why Mr. BEANEY did not attend sooner, why he did not operate when at last he found his way to the Hospital, and why, on discovering that his honorary superior did not respond to his summons. Dr. MUNRO did not send for another surgeon, in accordance with the rules. Surely comminuted fracture of the skull is not a matter of such trifling importance that those suffering from it can safely await the convenience of this man or that. The consideration of both the report and memorandum have been postponed till next week, when, we sup- pose, they will be quietly shelved, as such things usually are. We would suggest, however, that something should be done to secure immediate attention to patients in extremis, as the public may some day get tired of hearing of people dying unassisted in a medical charity, and coroners' juries may take it into their heads that neglect under such cir- cumstances amounts to manslaughter. Ono curious fact was elicited during the examination of tho ollicors of tho ¡Railway -department at tho bar of tho Council yos terday. Tho Government proposo to con- nect thoir direct lino from Oakleigh with the Hobaon's Bay Railway at Princo's .brldgo-as thoy can easily do by laying down a few yards of rails-in ordor that goods coming from Gipps Land may bo sent direct to Sandridge, This is what .is called giving haulage powers, and a nice distinction is made between the haulage powers now montioned and the runniugpowerssooftenhoardof beforo. In the one case the company's engines would . come on the Government lino for trucks, and in tho other the Government engines would drag trucks ovor the prlvato line. To ordinarv mortals the diU'oronco is too ft no to bo apparont, and tho englneor-in-chief admitted, with a laugh, " that there was " not much distinction botweontho two." Thus, wo havo tho broad fact before ua that tha Government is now willing 'that the Gipps Land trallic shall pass over the Hobson's Bay lino. From Salo .to Princo's-bridge tho timbor and the wool will travel ovor tho Government 'line, and from Prince's-bridge to Sand- ridge they will use the private railway. But, as a perplexed public may woll ask, If from Sandridge to Melbourne the Hobson's Bay line can be used, why not from Sandridge to South Yarra or Elsternwick 1 The principle is tho same In both cases, and it Is only prin- ciple that 1B in dispute ; for aa regards public convenience and economy, there can be no doubt about the advantage of forming the junction at either of the pointa named, and so save the Trea- sury from depletion and the reserves from injury. The sentimental plea ia taken away. "It was beneath the " dignity of tho Government," said Mr. CuTHB-itr on Tuesday, " to do any " tiling else than carry its own trafilo on " its own line ;" but it Is not going to do this upon the Sandridge railway. And ?if it can use one section of the private lino it can use two, and BO quietly aud profitably settle the long-disputed ques- tion of the Oakleigh connexion. A munioipal conforenco was recently held in Hotham, at the instanco of the Town Council, to take into consideration the various mattors connected with the maintenance of fire brigades. The gen- tlemen who called the meeting had nothing apparently to submit to it but their own woes in connexion with the subject. They wero discontented with the existing state of things, and had Been for a long time displeased, but thoy were not exactly in a position to submit pro- posals whereby a better condition of affairs could bo Inaugurated. Under the cir- cumstances, an adjournment was the only opening out of the difficulty, and after a great deal of eloquence had been wasted over exhortations to united action of a nature not specified, the conference suspended ita sittings until after the introduction of a bill into Parliament dealing with the matter, when, we _ suppose, members will be willing to give the promoters the benefit of their counsel. We Bhóuld not have thought it necessary to mention the matter had it not been for one or two wild ideas expressed at the meeting, which BIIOW how little attention the speakers could havo given to the subject. Councillor FOGARTY, of Hotham, said that-the council of that town paid a great deal of money for the local brigade, and "did not receive the sllghteat benefit." What benefit does the council expect to receive ? If through the maintenance of a local force the townspeople are partially protocted from fire, and can get their insurance risks taken at a lower rato than they otherwise could, wo .presume that their representatives are amply repaid for their vicarious out- lay. If not, what more do they want ? Then^ again, Councillor CLARKE romarkod that in his opinion " the Insuranco com " panies, if they undertook to insure pro " perty, should be at the cost of its pro " tection." If this gontloman had taken the trouble to inquire into tho matter he would have found that tho companies always have boon perfectly willing to pro- tect every house thoy insure, only they object to being called on to perform the same good offlco for buildings with which they have no concern. Complaint was .made that thoy have withdrawn tho sub- sidies they at ono timo allowed to local brigades, but we believe that this was done in despair of ever arousing the local bodies to a sense o£ tho necessity of getting some equitable arrangement sanctioned by the Legislature so long as tho old practice was continued We would suggest that beforo tho con- ference meets again, the members should acquaint themselves with the subjoct they aro invited to discuss The telogiam which we published yos terday in relation to the Nilo ha\ing remained stationary for four days at a level of fourteen feot below the average of three years, points to tho possibility of a calamity of appalling m tgnitudo Mo3t portions are aware that from the oarhost timos of which any historical record exists tho Nile has innually ovorllowed its banks at this ponod of tho year, bunging down with it horn the mountains of Abysamia a mass of alluvium in solu tlon, containing 48 percont of alumon, l8 of carbonato of limo, 4 of carbonato of magnesia, 4 of silica, 0 of oxido of JTon, and 9 of carbon As tho inun- dation otersproa-s tho Delta of tho river theao fertihamg agents aro pro cipitated, and in tho months of October ir_3P^ November tin. husbandmen bogin i<» ' jfDg their giam and groon crops Whllo the waters aro rising the two nilomotors which register thoir olovation aro consulted with the utmost anxiety by tho Government and people, for upon it dependa abundanco, scarcity, or famine. The ordinary riso at Cairo is from twenty five to twenty-seven feet. If it oxceeds this it bocomos a devastating flood, but if it only attains an altitude of olghteon or twenty feet it forebodes a season of sterility. For what was true 1800 years ago, when PLINY wrote his Natwal ilistoi y, is equally true to day. " When " the water, he says, " rises to only " 12 cubits tho country experiences the " horrors of famino ; whon it attains 13 " hunger ia still the result ; a rise of 14 " cubits is productivo of gladness ; a riBO " of 15 sots all anxieties at rest ; while an " increase of 10 ia productive of un " bounded transports of joy." At pre- sent the riso ÍB three cubits below PLINY'S minimum ; but it may bo added that the maximum height of the Nile is rarely at- tained until the end of September. At the samo timo, the fact of no increase having been observed for three days is a very ominous one. For, if tho customary overflow should not take placo, the food -supply of upwards of four millions of people will be cut off for tho ensuing year, and this will lnvolvo tho drying up of nearly two-thirds of tho KHEDIVE'S rovcnuo, four millions of which aro derived from a land tax, besides tho tithes upon date trees, while it will also disable him from paying intorest on the public debt, most of which is held in England and Franco, so that a diminished rainfall in Abyssinia may bo tho moans of im- poverishing many a household in Wostorn Kuropo. _ It is difficult to understand the course ot events at the seat of war as described in the cabio meEsageB received during the lost few dais. Tho intelligence yesterday was that the Russians strongly held the Schipka Fassi and that Sulieman PaBha, whoBO army was reported on the previous day as occupying Helene, to tho south-east ot Tirnova, had made a reconnaisanco at Yenikoi Pass, and had been repulBed. To-day we have news that the Russians have been driven out of Schipka, which io now occupied by Sulieman Pasha, and thal the retreating army, under GeneralGourko, Io3t4,OOOmen. Havingregard to the distances between the different points, it is seema incredible that the Turkish general can, with the same force, havo ap- peared in succession at the places mentioned in the telegrams. The probability is that Sulieman Pasha, since his reported arriva! at | Heleno, has turned his attention chiefly to the Schipka Pass, und that the reconnaisance at Yonikoi Pass was made by a force dotaahed from tho main army. Bat tho accounts, con- flicting as they scorn, all agree as to the vigour and energy with which the Turks are proeecuting the war. Not only are they keeping the RueBians more or less on the defensivo with their present forces, bat they are forming an arm; of reserve in Bulgaria, 50 000 strong to meet future contingencies. The members of the Legislative Connell were occupied for seven hoars and a half jeaterday m taking evidence relative to the Oakleigh and Melbourne line of railway. There were only three witnesses examined Mr, Higmbotham, the engineer m chief, Mr. Watson, resident engineer of the Gipps Lind Railway ; and Mr Mathison, traffic superin- tendent of the Victorian railways Sir Charles Sladen conducted tho general examination, but several other members also pat ques- tions to the witnesses The engineer in chief, in the course of his examination stated that ho did not hold himself respon- sible for the line laid down in the first schedule of the bill-Melbourne to Oakleigh -as be had not been consalted on it. He expressed himself strongly in favour of the outer-circle line, which he believed to be far preferable to the line now proposed. As compared with the direct line-which he con- sidered the most indirect line-ho would prefer taking running powers over the M. and H B Ballway Mr Watson, in his evi- dence, stated that from tho starting point m Hinders Btreet, near Swanston street, until it crossed the River Yarra, the line would be carried along a wooden viaduct 12ft high and there would then bo a wooden pile bridge over the river. Ho had not made any estimate of the accommodation required for the goods traffic at this station as he had only b.en in- structed to prepare en estimate for a pas- senger station. Sidings and sheds could' however, be constructed on the land along Hinders street as far as Jolimont, The third witncES Mr Mathison, could not throw a great deal of light on the subject before the House as his estimates of the traffic to be expected on tbo Gipps Land line had been prepared m 1S7J, and were very much below the later estimates prepared by the engineer in chief. He admitted, how- ever, that he had been in favour of the pur- chase of the M. and H. Ii, Railway, but it was only on the understanding that a board of railway management was appointed. At the conclusion of the evidence of these wit- nesses the House adjournod until 2 o'clock to day, when Mr. 1 inlayson, secretary, and Mr Llsdon, engineer ot the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, and Mr A, K Smith, ML A The debate on the budget was continued last evening in the Assembly, and the feature of the occasion was the speech delivered by the member for Maldon. Mr. Service gives the budget a general support, is personally highly complimentary to Mr. Berry, but ho ia a severe critic of the Ministenal scheme in de. tail He does not think that it is right to Bingle out land or any other species of property for special taxation, and he agrees with Sir James M Culloch that the proposed land tax will be Vi per cent, on the annual value of land, and will be therefore, most oppressive About the tax on live stock the member for Maldon has been severely exercised, bat his final and deliberate conclusion is that in years of scarcity at all events, the impost will fall on the consumer, and that on tho meat pre. serving industry its effect cannot but ba most prejudicial. Mr Service made a forcible appeal to the Treasurer not to rain a national industry, even though it did owe nothing to protection. Mr. Service Bays he was m danger of being led astray on this point by prejudice against ' our natural enemies the squatters, ' and ho fears that the Houee may fall into the same error. The unequal incidence of the tax provoked comment the hon. member pointing out that the butcher would find the charge amount to 4 per cent, on his beef and 20 per cent, on his mutton. The new Customs duties called for special condemnation. Mr bjrvice calculates that the tax on bags is equal to a chargo of Id. per acre on land undor wheat, and 2s. per acre if reckoned on the bag consumption of potato districts. Mr. MacBain preceded Mr, Service, and Mr. Gaunson fallowed him, and the House was occupied by these three gentlemen until 20 minutes past 11. An effort is to be made to conclude the debate this evening, and the Chief Secretary will speak in reply-particularly in reply to the member for Maldon-as soon as he is afforded the opportunity after the refresh- ment hour, Mr. Service yesterday returned to the charge which made so great a sensation at the time, hat Sir James M'CulIoch had "falsified the public account." Tho remark was made in connexion with the finances of the year 1S75.0. The finance account of that year as submitted by Sir James M'CulIoch showed a balance of £52,000, and Mr, Service Btrenu cuBly inBiBted at the time that there was an error of £200,000. In proof of this the member for Maldon turned yesterday to the balance-sheet submitted by Sir James M'CulIoch to the audit commissioners, and signed by him, and the document discloses a debit balance of £158,000. This debit balance rmd the assumed credit of £52,000 make up, say s Mr. Service, the £200,000 to which he leferred, and proves his casa against the ex. Premier. In justice to Sir James M'CulIoch (who was not present), it should be said that this is only another accountants' quarrel. The Treasury put a footnote to tua statement to the effect that "there are assets which, if they had beon realised prior to 30th June, would have resulted ina credit balance of £53,893." And the commissioners ot audit specially call attention to this foot-note, and add that the asset, were realised oleven days after Btriking the balance, and that the de- ficit "was rather a matter of bookkeeping than a matter of fact." It ia not often nowadays that Parliamen hears the system of protection assailed. Bat Mr. Service was carried away by his feelings yesterday into an assault upon that policy from a moral standpoint. He Bays it has occasioned him the most painful hoars of his political life. Every man who had suffi- cient impudence to earwig the Treasurer, and who employed two men and a boy, used to persecute Mr. Service when he waa in office with demanda for an increased duty so that he might raise the profits, nntil Mr. Service got Bick of the business. The con- viction eunk into his soul that Bach a system was both injurious to the community and demoralising to the individual. Our commenta on the waBte of time on Wednesday afternoons in the Assembly op sear to have done good, and no attempt yesterday was ni ado to obstruct private business The consequents is that good deal of progress was made various measures being pushed on a stage The bill to give the National Insurance Company power to tako guarantee business was read a second time and a bill to abo'ish dower was read a first time The Justices of the Peace Act Amendment Bill was disposed of and will now go to the Council and tho bill to enable the City Council to rate unoccupied lands which was Btuck up last week went through committee Liko a ghost from the tomb the hung up debate on Mr Tucker s motion declaring the fencing in of any public road to bo unlawful made an appearance upon the scene in the i-e"is!ative Assembly yesterday Oa this occasion Mr Andrew tho member for West Melbourne and Mr Graves the member for Dolante made their maiden speeches Mr Andrew was brief and sentontious Parua ment he said intended to settle a yeomanry on the lands one man on each Binare block with open roads beforo him Tho country had given the Ministry moro power than they could hove hoped for to give this policy effect, and now the country expected Ministers to do their duty Mr Graves was iluont and plausible He threw the onuB of the non oponing of the roads upon the Government because according to the opinion of Mr Higinbotham jasfc far mshed to the Mansfield council the local bodies could not act until the roads wero proclaimed by the Governor in Council This statement led to cries for Longmore and the Minister of Lands said that he was now having a map prepared showing the public roads and so soon as it was completed be would proclaim the roads and the hands of the shire councils would be free The debate is further adjourned Mr. Farrell, the member for Castlemaine, has accepted the appointment of political secretary to the Government. Mr. Farrell is no novice in the discharge of the respon- sible duties attaching to what is popularly termed the "whip," and the arrange- ment will be satisfactory to both sides of the House. An allegation that " secret influence " seems to be at work to provont the Mansfield Council opening public roads in the neigh- bourhood was made by Mr. Graves yester- day. The foundation for the dark suspicions wbichhave found ahomein thehon. member's breast is that a largo estate in the neighbour- hood stands on the rate-book in the name of Sir James M'Cullocb, and tbe name of M'Culloch seems to be associated in the mind of Mr. Graves with mischief. No one took any notice of the allegation but Mr. Ci aun Bon, who recalled to mind that the ex-Premier had Btated that the Berry land tax would not affect him, Sir James M'Cul loch was not in the llouee. The report of the committee on the Ross own Junction Railway was to have been proceeded with yesterday, but by arrange- ment with the Government the motion was postponed for a week. In the meantime, the Chief Secretary purposes to visit the Ross, town works, and take personal cognisance of the situation, At yesterday's sitting of the Elections and Qualifications Committee, Mr. Byron Moore's examination was comploted, and tho evidence of Mr. Frederick Harding, an unattached dis- trict surveyor, was taken. The committee site again at 1 o'clock to day. The Commioflionor of Trado and CastomB gave several deputations to understand yes- terday that some amendments would be made as soon as possiblo in the new tariff. The duties on partly-manufactured jewellery, ana on glass ana enrcnonware nave lurnea out to bo higher than the department intended Modifications in the form, if not in the substance of the tariff will bo effected, to meet tho requirements and objections of the Boftgoods trade To tho hatters and the saddlers who took exception to tho amount of tho duty pat npon certain sorts of raw material the Com* missicner was unable to give any favourable reply, but he promised to give their requests consideration. It was stated to the soft goods committee that the new duties would no1 be collected on silk rib bons and trimmings but that these articles must remain under the old tariff until the exemptions came into force Iron. fignreB quoted by Mr Bruce to show how exorbitant the duties were, it seemed that over £200 had been demanded on £800 worth of silk goods Mr Lalor asked the trade to Buggcst a plan by which the duties and tho prices might bo made to correspond Ho admitted that tho glass and earthenware duties were hiB own Tho requirements of sorao of the Ballarat institutions wero urged upon the kindly con sideration of the Treasurer yesterday by the members for Ballarat First an additional grant of £750 for building purposes for the Ballatat Orphan Asylum was requested. The institution was in debt it ,was stated to the amount of over £l,G0O and the ex censes latterly had been very heavy owing to the outbreak of scarlet fever and measles in the asylum, whichnecessitatsd the destruction of the infected bedding. Mr Berry admitted tho difficult position in whioh the committee of the asylum wero placed and promised to do his utmost to relieve them when the charitable vote was dealt with. Encouraged by this favourable re* eponse tho deputation then asked for a grant of £G0O for building purposes for the Free Library. I xtensive improvements were contemplated, and £800 would be raised locally if the Government would provide the subsidy desired. Mr Berry lent a favourable ear to this request also, mentioning that an additional vote of £2 000 had been placed upon the estimates for the current year for free libraries, out of which he would en- deavour to satisfy the wants of Ballarat. A petition has been forwarded to the Chief Secretary by the junior firBt-clrsB detectives relative to the manner In which the increase granted last year to the salaries of their de- partment had been distributed. There wore formerly 12 second-class and 12 first-class do_ tectives, receiving 11B. and 13s. per diem re! spectively. When the increase referred to was given, the second-class men were ad- vanced to 12s,, or Is. a day extra. The first class WBB divided equally into Beniors and juniors, and to the former on increase of 2j. per diem was given, while the latter received no advance, bat had to remain at the former rate of 13s. The petitioners form the most efficient section of the force, and aro conse. quently always told oft for the more onerous and responsible duties of their department, yet they'aro the only section apart from proba tionoia who have been excluded from par- ticipating in the increase of pay, and they naturally enough feel aggrieved at this exceptional treatment. Mr. Justice Molesworth gave his decision yesterday in a suit of Hamilton v O'Shca, in which the plaintiff sought to enforce specific performance of an agreoment by which the defendant undertook to sell to the plaintiff on allotment of 79 acres near Soymour. The defendant denied having made the agree- ment ; but his Honour decided against him, and made a decree in plaintiff's favour, with costs. The civil sittinga of the Supreme Court before Michaelmas term were brought to a close yesterday, with the trial of a oase of Eunson and another v. Cole and another. The action was brought for breach of an agree- ment made in March, 187G, by which defen- dants were to be paid £100 for posting up the plaintiffs' books, and supervising their being properly kept for a year, The defendants asserted that they had carried out the agree- ment properly. The jury were nuable to agreo, and after they had been locked up for three hours they were discharged from giving a verdict. Mr. Henry WoBtley, solicitor, of Collins Btreet west, has been appointed as a Parliamentary agent. The draw for the Viotoria Coursing Club Stormont Plate and Vice-president's Plate took place yesterday afternoon. The meeting will commence on Mr. W. J. Clarke's estate to-day. A special train will leave the Spencer-Btreot station at a quartor-past 8 o'clock, to convey the visitors to the ground. A man named Francis Johnston, aged 57 years, and residing in Litt'.o Lonsdale- street, was admitted to tho Melbourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from burns on the arm and back caused by his shirt sleeve having caught fire at a candle over which he was en- gaged at work. At the Richmond Police Court yesterday, Robert Lynch and Christopher Connell were charged with assaulting and robbing two musicians named Thoa. Hardy and Henry Hall. The prosecutors were walking from Hawthorn to Melbourne lato on the evening of the 20th inst., and on the way called in at the Spread Eagle Hotel, where thoy met the prisoners and somo others. They wero asked to play, bat the landlord would not permit them. Hardy and Hill then went outside and played, for which Connell Rave them id. The prisoners then tried to take the instru- ments from the prosecutors, and Connell succeeded in taking la. and some coppers out of Hardy's pocket. Connell, who had been repeatedly before tho Court, was committed for trial. Lynch was lined £">, or one month in gaol. The Footscray Council decided last evon. .ng to admit the press to all its committee meetings. It was decided to renew an ap- plication for a reduction of railway fares between Yarraville uni Footscray and Mel- bourne, the Commissioner declining in a letter read at the table to entortain a similar request made a few weeks ago. Respecting the proposed tax on bags, the KyiitlonOuardian publishes the following: "The new taxation proposed by the Govern ment comprises a duty on cornsacks of Is. a dozen, and on potato bags of Gd. a dozen These charges are equivalent to a tax on all grain-growing land in the colony of about Id. an acre, and on potato land of about 2s. an acre. The revenue derived from them will be over £12,000, which will come out ot tbe pockets of the farmors, and this, added to the special taxation they already pay on im- plements, <-c" will make them about the heaviest taxed class in the community. Pota- toes aro now selling at 25s. per ton. The bag tax is only for the purpose of enriching two bag manufacturers, who were doing a good paying trade without this tax." A conference of delegates from the various agricultural societies will be hold in Mel- bourne cn Triday. "The conference (says the Kyneton Guardian) was convened by the West Bourke society, to consider Mr. Wallis'a proposal for an experimental farm instead of an agricultural college, but at the instance of the Kyneton society several other subjects have been added to the business paper, in- cluding the amendments required in the Impounding, Fencing, and Dog Acts, and the adoption of some sensible and equitable sys- tem of deciding upon the localities where the National Shows are held." The tannera complain that the owners of stock destroy the value of the hides by branding the best parts of the cattle. The tanners in the Geelong district, says the Adicrtiscr, "are now agitating for legislation on the subject, and a communication has been forwarded to the Chief Secretary, sug- gesting the passing of a short act of Parlia- ment, with the hope of getting owners to brand their cattle on the neck, the least valuable portion of the hides. It is also sug- gested that steps should be taken to remedy the evil of bad skinning, and induce extra carefulness. Wo understand that the letter or petition is nnder the consideration of the Government." "Some weeks ago," writeB theßord ) Post, " a new chum, who gavo his name as Jobson, arrived at the Tederal City, and commenced a career of reckless extravapance. He gave out that he waB heir to an immense fortune in the old country, and had spent thousands but had come out to the colonies with a viow of purchasing an estate and settling down as the elimata of 1 ngland was too cold for bim. Gulled by his taking manner and admirable address, several of our towns people became his creditors to a considerable amount, and particularly two of the principa' publicans, who relied on the new chuma promise of paying BO Boon as the mail brought him his usual remittance The mai carne, however, and the cute Jobson eke diddled to Melbourne and hi3 creditors like Lord LUin, were 'loftlamonting ' A nar an1^ was obtained for his arrest, for obtaining ROC de under false pretences, and last week two of the victimised Alburyitea proceodod to Melbourne, and we understand actually found the new chum, and, what is botter, tot their money. It seeme, after all, Jobson is the scapegrace son cf an English gentleman, but he baa been practising this swindling dodge ever since he landed m Melbourne and m most instances successfully We understand he intends leming Australia now-the cli- mate IB too hot ior him " The r¡ji Time soys - The result of some of the latest crushiDgs on the Rewa have proved that cane can be produced in Fiji of a quality not to bo rivalled by the colonies of Mauritius Jamaica and Havannah On the plantation of Mr Dods 20 acres have pro ¿need 700 tona of cane and notwithstanding the late inclement weather, some of the latest crusbinga have resulted in a return of 10 79 Beaume which facts aro enough to give consolation and confidence to those Victorian capitalists who have invested largely in the district mentioned and should also prove sufficient inducement for others to follow their example, for considering the low rate of interest now obtainable, an investment which Bhows a return of at least 20 per cent deserves a little attention from our local capitalists ' Additional information respecting the rob bery of Mr Warden Coward s camp at the Springs on the Palmer gold field, by a gang of Chinamen, has been received by the Queensland Government Telegraphing from Maytown on thel3thmst Mr Coward Bays -" My camp has been stuck np and robbed by Chinamen during my absence on duty £200 m cash was taken fiona tho safe, and the safe itself smashed to atoms My or derly was nearly killed The robbers came prepared with ropes and tools. The orderly was lashed head to ono post and feet to the other. His hands were tiod behind his back, a rope placed round his neck, and a bag pulled over his head. On re- ceiving intelligence of what had curred I returned home to camp, got tracks of Chinamen, and took measures of the footmarks. I then went to Stony Creek, and arrested one Chinaman answer- ing to description, and found four spots of blood on his feet ; also arrested another who, I think, waa tho instigator. Before the Chinamen left my camp they told the orderly they would shoot me on their next visit-a threat which they have frequently made before." We are informed (says tho Brisbane Couria-) that the Government have made ar rangements to place the native police at the service of the wardens on the Palmer. A correspondent of the Western Indepeii' dent, New South Wales, writing from Warren, on the 10th inst., says:-"I have just re turned from a trip down the Macquario and Castlereagh, This drought is indeed fearful, and I fear 'the end is not yet.' Squatters wbo, 12r_ont_sB¡nce, could drawa cheque (and get it paid) for £10,000, cannot draw one for £1,000, Indeed there are some poor fellows who, through hard work and frugality, had nearly reached the top of the ladder before this frightful drought visited thom, bat now they aro nearly beggars, I do not exaggerate when I tell you I know some equattera who, out of flocks of (say) 50,000 sheep, have not a tenth of them lett, and cattle owners on many stations are just OB great losers. The noise of the axe and saw can be heard on many runs falling the handsome and drooping myalls to sustain life in the perishing beasts, who now almost refuse it OB food on account of the all but im- perceptible spring in the young grass cn some partly favoured spots on the runs. There are some runs whioh are all right yet for feed and water, but for how long is another matter. The heat io now almost too great to bear down the rivers, and the'sky is always destitute of clouds, lbs bingle caterpillars in I myriads are oa ' tho leaf,' and eat up every veBtige of green feed, Such ia my plain and unvarnished tale." " A discovery of much interest and import ance," The Times states, " has recently been made at Aschorsleben, in Prussia, in the vicinity of the Hartz Mountains. Within the last 20 years the Governments of Prussia and Anhalt have been deriving largo profits from the working of sundry pits or mines productive of potaBh salts, situated at Stass furth and Leopoldshall. Hitherto these undertakings have enjoyed a monopoly, but an independent party of explorers, aided by the diamond rock-boring apparatus, have succeeded in reaching the potash deposits at moderate depths not far from Staeafarth, The first boring reached what is called the ' kainit ' portion of the potash layer, which was proved to bave a thickness of 50 English feet. As the Prussian mining law ontitles the discoverers to a concession equal to an area of 2,lb9,000 Bquare raetroB, it is com- puted that this discovery includes about 00,000,000 tons of potash salts. But the ox. plorors, consisting chielly of English capital, lets, have proceeded further, and by means o! other borings havo obtainod the command of an enormous area of theBO valuable de- posits, which oro now going to be extensively worked. The discovery is likely to be of great service to chemical industry, by pro. viding an ample supply of one of its staple commodities, the want of which threatened at one time to be rather serious. The extra- ordinary fertility impacted to the Boil by the use of potash manure also renders the dis. covery a matter of direct interest to the agri- culturist. Experience gained in Gormany and Holland shows that by the use of the kainit and other forms of potasb, land naturally poor can bs made to bear extra ordinary crops. Thia system of fertilisation has been found peculiarly advantageous in the case of peat lands and moors." Referring to Mr. Thomas Brassey'B account of his yacht voyage round the world, the Pall Mall Gazette says :-" The expedition, he holds, is in some respects unprecedented, a circumnavigation of '15,100 miles having been accomplished in 46 weeks, from which must bo deducted 1C weeks spent in harbour. Mr. Brassey concludes his description with a few practical observations. In the first place, he says, his comprehensive and varied cruise has strengthened his former convictions that the disasters due to negligence bear a largo proportion to the number of inevitable losses, livery coast is dangerous to the careless commander ; but there are no frequented seas where, with the exercise of caution and reasonable skill, the dangers cannot bo avoided. Secondly, he submits that in these days of lamentation over the degeneracy of tho British seaman his experience may bs accepted as a contribution to tho mass of evidence on this vexed question. He was not, he says, surrounded by such smart seamen aB can only bo found on a man-of-war, but he has no ground for general or serious com- plaint. Many of his crew did their duty mcBt faithfully. In emergencies everybody rose to the oc< aston, and did best when his skill or endurance was most severely tried. 'It ia always,'Mr. Brassey adds, 'in stormy weather that the good qualities of tho British seaman are displayed to the greatest advantage. Tho difficulty is to keep up his interest and energies in long intervals of fine weather, when nothing occurs to rouse him to an offort, and the faculties of the seaman before tho mast, no lees than those of his officer, are benumbed by tbo monotony and isolation from man bind which aro the gravest drawbacks of a sailors life It is m these dull moments that men are tempted to drink and quarrel that officers become tyrannical, and their crews insubordinate or even mutinous ' ' Mies Ward appeared last night at the Theatre Royal in portions of " Last Lynne' and Leah." To night she takes her benefit, and will play Galatea in Mr. Gilbert a classical comedy of ' Pygmalion and G alatea. ' _he bill will bo rendered farther attractive hy Bomo performances of thoso very clever people, Mr and Madame Laroche On Friday the same bill will be repeated, and Miss M ard will make her last appearance. On Saturday night Mr Darrell s play of " Trans- ported for Life ' will re introduce that gentle- man to a Melbourne audienco after a long abeence The Young Mons Christian Association mfets to n'ghr, when Mr R Grimwade will deliver an OBSay on ' Hindrances to Matri- mony The Bishop of Melb Durne will preach this evening, at 8 o clock, m St Mary's Church, Hotham. The sermon will be addresssd to the young men of St Mary a Churchmen a Union but persona of all ages and both sexes will bo admitted There will be a collection for the general fund of the diocese. A meeting of persons resident in Kew and Hawthorn, interested in the promotion of a local rowing club will be held at Tmn's Terminus Hotel this evening at 8 o clock Professor Irving will take the chair. A meeting of parents, convened by the Carlton Board of Advice, will bo hold in the Drummond street schoolroom at 8 o'clock this evening. The Melbourne hounds will meet at Wer ribee-park on Saturday next. A special tram will leave Spencer strot at 10 10 a.m , re. turning at 5 30 p m. Mr. J. Snowball, of Coburg, delivorod a lecture on Tnesday, at the Presbyterian Churob, in aid of the Sabbath school, subject, "St-ThomaBAquinis or a Model Inquirer." The lecture was well attendod, and was very interesting to the audionco. The anniversary of the Victoria Tent 1.0 R , WOB celebrated in the Temperance hall, Hotham, on Tuesday evening last, and proved in every way a success. About J00 Bat donn to tea, the number being increased to 400 at the entertainment which followed, which was presided ovor by the D.C R, Brother J. Bedford. The musical portion of the programme was contributed by Misses Vernon, Creswell, aud Topp (two), and Brothers J. C. Vernon, W. Scott, and W. G. Stephens. Speeches were made by Brothers JameB Munro, M.L.A, the Reva. J. W. Blamey and James Ballantyne. An extraordinary vacancy has occurred in the Kew Borough Council through there having only been two candidates to fill the three annual vacancies and Councillor Ben craft s soat having alao bocome vacant, owing to his absence from four consecutive meet- ings of the coan iii The time for receiving nominations to fill both the seats expired yesterday For the former, only Mr Duncan Robert M Gregor was nominated, and he is accordingly duly elected For the other seat, the candidates nominated are Messrs. Robert Haden Smith, William Brooks Hoffman and Fdward ConlBon, and a poll will bs held on Tuesday, 4th September next. Mr. H. T Phipps, J P, late mayor of Kew, was ycBterday the recipient of a hand- somely engrossed and illuminated address from the local magistrates, on the occasion of his retirement from the above office. The following is a copy of the document, which was presented by Mr W H Lamont J P, at the close of the ordinary court business - A service took place on Tuesday evening at St John's Church, Fast Brighton, ou the oc- casion of the induction of the Rev. H Plow Kane to the incumbency The church was densely crowded, appropriate mottoes were hung up, and the church decorated with Howers and wreaths with great taste. The bishop, who petformod the induction, after- wards preached a most oloquent and earnest sermon on the duty of building God's house and helping every good work, dwelling espe- cially on the duty of each one doing what he IB able. The united choirs rendered the service, which was part choral, in an effective manner. Visitors came from as far as Dan- denong and other places. The usual weekly meeting of the committee of the Immigrants' Aid Sooiety waa held at the institution on Friday afternoon. Mr. Prince occupied the ohair. The following report for the past week was submitted : Number remaining last week, 590 ; admitted Bince, 32 ; discharged, 45 : died, 1 (from can- cer of the mouth, George Hedge, 73 yoars, native of Hereford) ; remaining, 324 men, 148 women, and 109 ohildren-in all, 581. At tho same time last year there wero 2GB men, 118 women, and 107 ohildren. There are 144 men, 39 women, and G children under medical treatment ; C men Btonebreaking, 13 bag-making, 147 oakum-picking, Jtc, and 14 working outside ; 10 women in the laundry, l8 sowing, 81 hair-teosisg, _o. The nightly average of casuals during the week was 17 males and 5 females. Out-door relief was given to 11 families, or 38 Individuals, on presenting the relief cards of (he society. 