Our Sydney Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] February 16. Politically, New South Wales is progressing somewhat after the fashion of a crab sometimes sideways, sometimes backwards in any direction but straight ahead, and we move only by fits and starts when we move at all. It is the old story of the ins and the outs, the one side pulling with might and main against the other, and so the interests of the country are sacrificed. The Government party are just a trifle the stronger, and man ago to keep masters of the situation if they do nothing else, but the Opposition are like a millstone round their necks, and resort to every means known to parliamentary tacticians to baulk their opponents. Then they taunt the Government with not being able to carry on the business of the country. This sort of conduct was exemplified during the present week. Wednesday's sitting was occupied chiefly with the Municipalities Bill, which was adjourned till the following day, but when the Speaker took the chair only nineteen good and true men were found in their places. As it requires twenty to form a quorum, the business could not be proceeded with, and a Government day was thus lost. Now, of the nineteen that were in the Chamber when the House was counted out, only three were Opposition members, and one of them was the Chairman of Committees, who, as an officer of the House, is almost in duty bound to be in attendance. But the worst feature of the count-out was that the leader of the Opposition and over a dozen others were within the precincts of the chamber, but refused to come in and make a House. This is party Government with a vengeance. The small-pox scare is all over, and all the vessels and patients are now released from quarantine. Mr. Buchanan gave the subject a last dying kick in the Assembly on Tuesday, when he sought to get the House to affirm that any person seized with the disease should be allowed to remain at his or her home, to be nursed and attended by relatives, instead of being removed to some hospital, ship, or quarantine ground. But the House would neither affirm nor negative the proposition. The " previous question " was carried and the motion, consequently, not put. Mr. McElhone has managed to kill two birds with one stone. He has got the Assembly to censure the Treasurers of both the present and past Administrations, for making concessions to contractors and singular to say, since members of the late Administration voted in condemna- tion of their colleague. The motion, as passed by the Assembly? was first amended and modified? in the following terms :?" That, in the opinion of this House, the present and late Colonial Treasurers acted improperly in allowing Mr. Kidman and other contractors to be paid a higher price for the meat supplied by them to Government institutions than the price they contracted to supply at; and that in future no contractors should be paid anything over their contract prices." The circumstances of this case are peculiar. In 1872, Kidman contracted to supply the Government institutions with meat at 4d. per lb. for the year, but most rose to such a price before three months of the contract time had expired that it was impossible to supply the article except at a loss, and Kidman applied for compensation. His application was entertained by the late Government), and he received £1792, which the Government thought it best to give rather than let the contract be thrown up. But mark the ingenuity of Kidman. He would not have lost a single shilling on the contract, because he had turned it over at the outset to one Quinlan, who was the real loser by the unexpected rise in the cattle market. But the Government know nothing of this. They, of course, only know Kidman in the matter, and to him they paid the money. Quinlan carried out the contract at a heavy loss, under an understanding with Kidman that he should be compensated if the application to the Government was successful, but he never saw a single shilling of the money, every penny of which was pocketed by astute Kidman. The same little game was played upon the present Government, who allowed Kidman something like £1000 under precisely similar circumstances, the meat in this instance being supplied by a sub-contractor named Playfair, who seems to have received as much fair-play from Kidman as Quinlan did. Well, now, this Kidman is really a smart fellow, and it takes a M'Elhone to find him out ; but the game is now up, and Mr. Kidman will have to seek fresh fields for the exercise of his particular genius. He is a fair exemplification of the monkey and the nuts, but the cats are now on the alert, and won't be burnt again in a hurry. There is another peculiar feature about this affair which is worth recording, and that is that Mr. Piddington, the present leader of the Opposition, was Treasurer in Mr. Parkes' Government when Kidman made his first application for compensation ; but he was laid up at the time, and the Hon. Saul Samuel did his work for him, and, as the then Acting Treasurer, was responsible for Kidman's claim being sanctioned. Now Mr. Piddington turns round and votes in condemnation of Mr. Samuel, although he (had.) received the salary for the work done by that gentleman. Can the force of ingratitude go further than this '! The election for the Williams has resulted in the return of a Government supporter, who beat the Opposition candidate by 120 votes, but it is doubtful if party considerations had any influence in deciding the issue. Mr. Johnston, the member elect, although he has never- before held a seat in Parliament, is a man known to possess large and liberal views, and has been for very many years a resident of the doctorate, in whose affairs he has taken some interest; while his opponent, Mr. Nowlan, the old member, does not reside in the electorate, and showed his dis- regard for its interests when he sat for this constituency in a previous Parliament, by going to England and leaving it without a member for a whole session. Mr. Johnston holds advanced religious opinions, and helms never been slow to assure them. His return may, therefore, be looked upon as a further indication of the decline of ecclesiastical influence in political studio. There are still two vacancies in the Assembly Orange and the Southern Goldfields. Mr. Edward Coombes, who framed the resolution that gave the Parkes (Government its death blow, nine for Orange, with no opposition as yet; and the new Minister for Lands, Mr. Baker, is almost certain of a walk-over for his re-election. The Colonial Secretary, Mr. Robertson, is doing the work of the Lands Office during Mr. Baker's absence, and what with the swarms of land agents, land sharks, and hangers-on that infest the Land Office, and the usual work of his own department, the Hon. John has a busy time of it. The agitators for a suburban railway have pressed their views upon the Minister for Works; but, of course, on a question of such importance, could expect no definite reply. However, they managed to elicit from Mr. Lackey his individual opinion, which is favorable to the project, and he promised to submit the matter to his colleagues. Mr. Lackey thinks that any such system as proposed should be undertaken by the Government, or not at all. Meantime, there is another movement started with the object of connecting the city with the eastern suburbs by iioiBulesa tramways ; but no definite plan of operation has yet marked out. When are we to hear the last of the Trcovo forgeries and swindles ? is a question often asked, and as often answered "Goodness only knows." The latest contribution to the list came out in an action in the Jury Court last Monday, wherein the Bank of New South Wales sued a builder, named Francis Compton, for £500 and interest thereon, said to be due under a promissory note. It transpired that the signature to the document was only another of those clever forgeries, for which Josiah Richard Treeve is now serving a term of imprisonment in Berrima Gaol, and the bank, again many like instances, was again the loser, the jury returning a verdict for the defendant. Since the days of Montgomery we have seen no "Hamlet" in Sydney that can be compared to that of Mr. Alfred Dampier, who opened at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday, to an audience packed to the very doors. Mr. Dampier has played the character with great acceptance in Victoria and New Zealand, and the praises lavished upon him by the Victorian, Press are fully justified by his sterling merits as an actor. He has a good stage presence, a clear and powerful bass voice, good power. of enunciation and declamation, and expressive, mobile features, and is quite a young man, so that he possesses most of the natural gifts necessary in an actor. He has, besides, some literary acquirements, and is the author of some plays, or translations. His conception of the character of the Danish Prince is marked by considerable originality, which would be sufficient, one would think, to raise up an army of hostile critics ; but the intellectu- ality of the man? his keen intelligence, his scholarly reading of the part, and the beautiful consonance of his every act with that reading, at once win upon the critical as well as the popular taste, and stamp him as an actor of superior parts. Mr. Dampier is not faultless far from it; but I for one do not feel disposed to pick his faults out and record them here. He is but indifferently supported, though. Except Miss Adelaide Bowring, who makes a most admirable representative Queen, I know of no other of the company deserving favorable notice. Mr. Bartlett is too fat and substantial for the ghost, Miss Pixley (Ophelia) is a perfect little coquette, and the king is a monster not to be tolerated, and one might well wonder why Hamlet doesn't run him through sooner, and before he had a chance of doing so much mischief, real or imaginary. But the lustre of Hamlet makes up for a multitude of shortcomings, and the gods are satisfied. The theatre is well tilled nightly. Last night Mr. Dampier took a fit and was unable to appear. The short season of Italian opera given by Mr. Lazar's company after their return from Brisbane closed last Monday with " Faust" (which was very carelessly rendered), and the artists left the same afternoon for Melbourne, whither Lazar had preceded them to make arrangements for their appearance at the Theatre Royal. " Faust," " Un Ballo," and the melodious " ll Trovatore " drew crowded houses, but the beauties of that sublime work, "Don Giovanni," were given to appreciating cars, and not many of them. Sydney people cannot appreciate Mozart. The dramatic season that followed upon the heels of opera, introduced to Sydney playgoers a new star- Miss Ettie Wilmott in a well written and romantic but rather elaborate play entitled "Bag Fair," which lasted the first night until close upon midnight, when the audience were so out of patience that they hissed the performers. Miss Wilmott is not a success by any means, although the play was written specially for her by Horace Wigan. She has not much dramatic ability, no versatility, and has not even a pre- possessing stage appearance. Besides, her elocu- tion is faulty her "r's" stick in her throat like hard "gift." As Tom Hood says, the raucous rolling of the ruddy r is denied her. Miss Wilmott will not suit Sydney audiences. The Australian Blondin, L'Estrange, is increas- ing in popular favor, and now draws Tub audiences of from 700 to 1000 nightly. He has ordered the rope on which he promises to cross Sydney Harbor as his great French prototype did Niagara. If he does this he can travel to the old world, and his fortune is made. And now I approach a subject upon which I feel an almost overwhelming, irresistible desire to "giiBh," us I Hippo? ninety-nine out of every hundred would if similarly circumstanced; but I will, though it cost me never such an effort, restrain myself. I will not attempt to paint the lily, to throw a perfume o'er the violet, nor to gild refined gold, but shall say my say in plain homely English. My theme, then, is Levy Levy the great, tin unapproached and unrivalled cornet soloist, who has charmed and electrified the groans of the old and the new worlds, and who is now amongst us Sydneyites, about to take us by storm, and to be stormed in return with applause. This man is a wonder. I heard him perform yesterday afternoon at an invitation matinee in Nicholson and Ascherberg's rooms, Pitt-street, before some thirty or forty Press writers, critics, art connoisseurs, &c.;, and his playing was something to be remembered for a lifetime. The audience were thrilled, and " rose at him," as it were, at the close of every solo with rich honest, hearty plaudits as I never saw bestowed upon any artist before by so small a company. He played Hartman's "Alexis," Schubert's "Adieu," "The Last Rose of Summer," ii selection from " Roberto," and a concert waltz of his own, and his manipulation and triple tonguing are something wonderful. Now he would be down among the lower notes with the power of ii bass trombone, now souring up among the upper ledger lines with soft cadences of flute-like sweetness, then coming down the chromatic scale with electric rapidity, and every note as distinct as if produced by mechanism. Levy's playing gives one altogether a new idea of the resources of the eoniut-a- piston as a musical instrument. He commences a series of concerts in the Masonic Hall next Monday, supported by the bust vocal talent procurable in this country. Sydney owes to the enterprise of Sir. Lazar, of the Theatre Royal, the visit of this paragon of cornet soloists. 