ROWING NOTES. By " Charon." There seems to be very little headway made in the formation of the intercolonial crew. Several young rowers are about to be tried, but I cannot see how the crew can be much improved outside of the first selection. Constant stronn work should be commenced as scon as possible, as all the time that there is left between this and the day of the race will be required to get into thorough Working order. Mr. "FVirhm'rn o o — — — - — - » — - — has arrived in town, and it is hitli time tbat the selection had been made, and the farce of intro ducing men as candidates who have not a ghost of a show to be in the final eight was put a fctop to. The opening of the season took place on Satur day last, and, as far as nuiibers was concerned, should be considered a success. The rowing, however, was no improvement on the U3ual scratch fours, and the use of the sliding seat was a lamentable failure in most instances. In the fiist heat, Cook's crew came in in front of Um- phelby's, but were steered the w roug side oi a buoy, and the committee decided to row the heat over again. However, they could have come to such a conclusion seems very strange, considering how many races have been lost and won over the Upper Yarra course through crews or scullers going the wrong side of the buoys. Out of the fourteen crews entered, the winners turned up in Coates s crew, who beat Kemp's crew rather flukily on Thursday evening. Mr. B. Rolls acted as starter, Mr. Colville as umpire, and Messrs. Nichols and Carlile as judges. A new club has been recently formed on the Yarra, instituted by R. Wing ; and as they are principally working men, they will no doubt be able to turn out a. good strong crew for next jear's Maiden Gig Race. The Bailarat regatta takes place next Friday on Lake Wendouree. Most of the events are of the sailing order, and the Foam from Albeit Park is to be sailed by R. Heard in the Yacht Race. There are only two rowing events, which are open only to local men, bus they will, no doubt, be keenly contested. With fine weather and a light breeze, a good day's sport may be be expected. The competition for the four silver oars, the handsome gift of the president of the Albert Park Rowiug Club (his Honour Judge Cope), comes off this afternoon, on the lake, and should the weather prove fine, as it now promises, there will doubtless be a large attendance to witness the various heats . There are nine crews entered, and as most of them have been in constant practice, some close races are anticipated. The favourites are Paxton's and A. Brock's. The following are the heats : — First heat, to start at 3 o'clock sharp, Simson vW. Brock; second heat, Butcher v Gibbons ; third heat, Paxton v Kennedy ; fourth heat, Tall v. Bracken ; fifth heat is a walkover to A. Brock. The trial fours in connection with the Haw thorn Rowing Club will be rowed on the Upper Yarra this afternoon. The first heat will start at half- past 2 o'clock. First heat, C. M'Indoe v J. Hall ; second heat, R. Wing v W. M'Indoe; third heat, H. Spencer v J. Miller. The course will be from the Rotanical Gardens Bridge to Prince's Bridge. The opening race of the St. Kilda sailing club will be held this afternoon. There are eight entries, and the race, it is expected, will be well-contested. The boats will start at half-past 3, from between the end of the pier and a buoy moored a short, distance off. Iu marking out the course, the committee have given instruc tions to have it made as small as possible, so as to enable onlookers to have a full view of the race all the way round. The following entries have been received, and owners are requested to take the following positions for starting : — 1\. Bulldog — Mr S Cook 2\. Hermit— Mr W. S. Smith 3\. Ida — MrBartlum 4\. Albatross — Mr P. Oakden 5\. Una — Mr R. Hill 6\. Ant — MrC. Trewella 7\. Surprise — MrT Kay 8\. Wonder— Mr F. Richardson. The Brighton Sailing Club's race, postponed from last Saturday, will take place this after noon, starting from the usual place between the new and old piers at half-past 3 o'clock. The following are the entries, in the order of their respective positions 1\. Coralie— Mr Mouritx 8\. Ire&exifr; Moule 8\. Dolphin —Mr Adamson 4\. Cyclone— Mr ARee 5 3 an the— Mr Mudie C, Bre.-«9— Mr Lvuch Uhdmc-MtGer»iJMoule. The race will be for the club's gold medal. The final heat for the scratch eiahta was rowed off on Thursday afternoon, on the Upper Yarra, and resulted in a very good race. Kemp's crew pot away first, but Coatcs's men pushed them very close, and when within a length or two of the winuing post, Kemp was leading by about 8ft., when he caught a crab, and hiB crew, mistaking it for the finish of the race, stopped rowing. Coates's. crew rowed on, just winning on the post by about 2ft. The following are the names of the winning.crew : — Coates, Ochiltree, Grant, Ridge, levers, Walker, Hunter, and Coates (stroke) ; Rushworth, cox. 