OUR NEW SOUTH WALES LETTER [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, October 30. Political events have been startling enough during the past month, not only to the general public but to the oldest members of die House. We can stand a good deal in Sydney without giving vent j to many indications of surprise.; bat the number of " prolonged whistles* heard on { 'CHange, and at breakfast tables, has eur paaed all oar previous experience. It tafes aoiH?tiring to bring a British Governor to book, especially if he be really wise and ablJB, like the present of Her Majesty; but Sir Hercules has cried jtec catf. It is said that one of the strongest poiite about good Queen Bess, who bade win and atemper-of her own, wasinfenow |ng how to make the amende ktmorable to hei people when she had greatly exceeded he^ prerogative. Our worthy Governor is somewhat of the same mind. He did not like to do what b* had toido, but he did it in la very gentlemanly manner. Writing to the Premier in the beginning of October he paid:—" I am reluctantly compelled to accept the opinion expressed by you tn your, minute of this day week—' that there is no; reasonable prospect for supposing that an^ Ministry can be farmed out of the existing "House that can command "the sup port of Parliament.' lam accordjngly.now prepared to act upon the advice tendered by you in that minute, viz., to dissolve the pn&ent; Parliament forthwith, whether {supply he Ranted or not." Bravo! Sir Hapcules-Mfefeer late than never—4?ut the concession would have come more, grace fully at a much earlier stage, and would have saved much heart-burning and some now defeated hopes. As a matter pf course all the Governors fean about not getting supply were imaginary. As soon as the dissolution was unconditionally granted, the expiring Parliament mode its will, left to its true and tried servants enough money to carry on the work of the body politic until the heir should be in possession, and then gracefully or ungracefully gave up the ghost. On the 12th instant the funeral obsequies were performed, the Governor acting as chief mourner, but it is currently believed that silent tears were trickling down the furrowed cheeks of Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John Robertaon, telling eloquently of woes they dared not speak. Alas! for the instability of fortune and the ungratefulness of human kind. You bare lieard the dire result of the late elections. Both the -worthy knights were defeated in their own constituencies, and Bent forth as homeless wanderers to roam the wilds of politics. But they are both wily men, knowing all the secret* of political craft; and one of them, like Mr. Gladstone rejected at Oxford, has already found his Greenwich. Sir Henry Parkes was nomi nated for Canterbury as soon as his defeat was known. Half a dozen other place* telegraphed to him, but neither for Canter bury nor for either of tin otben did he consent to etand. It would not do to coot an electorate and sustain a second defeat. But every one felt, in spite at Sir Henry's announcement that his political career waa ended, he would gladly enter Parliament again. So it has proved. On Saturday ha was carried in at Canterbury at the ton of the poll, and has since told the electors that they have set a grand example to the colony, and that to the latest hour of bis Ufa one of his brightest recollections will tie the generous, the spontaneous, the patriotic manner, &c.;, &c; Well, well, bunkum seems necessary to the iwstinga, and Sir Henry Parkes kuow? how to tarn it. As for Sir John Bobertaon, he is vainly seek ing to imitate the example of bis great rival. He, too, has declared his intention of nottollowing himself to be nominated, but nominated he is for at least two places —the Bogan and East Macquarrie—and we shall see what we shall see. The elections are now proceeding all over the colony. The leading have already 'spoken, but with a voice so dubious in tone that it rivals that of the oracle of Delphi Whether the new Parliament is progressive or reactionary, whether protection or free trade is in the ascendant, whether immigration or non immigration is to be the order of the day, does not seem to be clearly declared. On the whole, however, protection seems at a discount. The defeat of the two permanent leaders of the Houseappears to signify that the people have had enough of their ruling, but it is far easier to get the old man of the sea on your back than to get him off. To my mind one of the most hopeful and healthy signs has been the election of Mr. James Greenwood for West Sydney. He was a Baptist parson, but somehow parsons are coining to the front all over the colonies, stoutly declaring their right to be regarded as men and citizens. He ceased from active ministerial -work some time ago. In con nection with the Educational League he delivered lectures all over New South Wales a year or two ainoe, and bis rare ability <as a speaker brought him into pro minence. It is said that he has been a leader writer for the Sydney Morning Herald, and has been preparing in this practical way for the political life on which he has now fairly entered. Among all the election speeches made during the past fortnight, none have been in any sense equal to those delivered by Mr. Greenwood. Nearly every speaker who solicited suffrages pandered to the mobocracy and trimmed according to its evident demands. Petty grievances were to be redressed. Local demands wen to be complied with.. As to the questions of free trade and immigration—well, they were subjects demanding very careful con sideration. But Mr. Greenwood dealt with the great principles involved in the contro versies now raging. He propounded them clearly, explained them lucidly, and gave his own decision in a way that no one could misunderstand. His speeches really rose to the level of statesmanship. Your fibanezer Ward can mouth it bravely, but he is never so happy as whan he is befooling a country audience. Your Charles Mann has the trick of the orator, but he can do little without bitter gibes, and some one to bud them at. James Greenwood excelled in this, that he faced the Sydney mob in its most dangerously rabid state, looked calmly into its eye, hud down and defended principles in utter antagonism to its own views, and won from it growls and even cheers of'assent. And all this was done without one bit of pandering or one bit of personality. If Ido not mistake M?. Greenwood will be a Minister of the Crown before many months are over. There have been comphwnfx of ebetotal corruption, as I suppose there will be always. Fifty personations have been dis covered, if Deports •? tn?, in one polling booth. It is (supposed that a great number of names are placed on the electoral lists by those who are only visitors to Sydney, and that many or these napnes are used by unscrupulous men after the departure of their owners. It ,is said too that men who are excitedly eager for the return of their favorite candidate do not. scruple to go round to one polling-booth after another to record their'votes. Some of these no doubt are discovered, but one hears little of prosecution for this grave offence against public morals. The ballot-box has not yet produced the political miUenium. Indeed it seems as Car off as it did in the days of King John. Up to this day 28 electorate* cut of 61 have declared their verdict.' Thirty oevon members bare been returned; sixteen of these were unopposed. Ten of them are new members, and 2r belonged to the last Parliament. The hut of the elections take place on November 13. There is a fine oppor tunity for the Sydney members, who have really deserved wnll of the country, to step in at the last moment and oust those who are already-before the constituents. But I am weary of official politics, as I imagine a good many sensible men must be in South Australia, and bo gladly turn to other topics. With no ordinary pleasure I have read of the efforts made by your eccentric Charles Simeon Hare in regard to the Indian/Famine Belief Fund. I was afraid the worthy gentleman, since lie lost the Gpvernniship of die GaoL had aunk down into irredeemable obscurity, fiat it is evident that even the Fiji* .have not taken put of him all that magniloquent ardor that in bygone days was so strikingly expressed. But India is the hind of romance and fable, and it is no wonder that fawim pressible and gaseous nature has be**n fired by die too awful sufferings of tlu> Hindoo*. Anyhow South Australia Una do-it- nobly — far more nobly it will prove, I think, than any other colony in the Em pire. Here we hope to do pom ■- tiling, but our anticipations are mode-j rate. If we did up to your standard w-p ] should raise £35,000. If we raise balf I that sum it will be more than just now seems likely. We Ittgan well though somewhat late. There was a really enthu siastic meeting under die presidency of die Governor. Your Uto Independent minis ter, die Rev. J. Jeffmifl (I think he wh of North Adelaide) wat chosen slon? with I>fl*n Cowper and Archbishop Vsitirhan to advocate die cause of the fatniiie-«trick<?n people of India, and he certainly did not disgrace the choice. We have had dw quarterly statement of revenue published this month. It show* as usual an increase in din sum lying at die credit of. the colony. The curioan part of die case is diat dtere ia a tendency on die part of die public and die Press to sigh wearily over our growing wealth. We have received £000,000 by the Mle of brads during die quarter, just half of die total moaipte from all soatces. And thetv is nasaa for tka general dissatisfaction ex pressed at die anarmoos aceamulation of our wealth. It may serve «• a bait to allure unacnpuloiu politician*, and will certainly be aasd directly or indirectly to corrupt comas; Parliaaaeats. CJnleas we get m. man capable of leading, with a, firm will and an faoaest porpose, the*? millions lying to the Treasurer'■ credit will be a vast evil rather than m. good. The cry now is to spend it, and to spend it chiefly in railways; and I am inclined to think that it willbe far better to do so. The Govern ment of die country ought to be carried on by revenue derivad I ram ordinary sources, radier titan from diat derived from land sals*. You may remember that some time ago Mr. Graham Berry made a foolish speech on bis favorite topic of protection, and actually announced bis intention of entry ing die war into New South Wales. A states man who knows what human nature i? would not have ventured on such a mode of proclaiming his views of die approaching triumph of his principles. Nothing could have been better adapted to briny about the very opposite result to that he hoped and perhaps intended. Daring last w«ek an advertisement appeared in die Sydney newspapers announcing diat Mr. ll^rrv would nominate candidates for every electorate. There is, alas! a great deal of bitter jealously between New South Wales Victoria, and every candidate who spoke out for protection pure and simple was regarded try a (Treat number as being in die interests of die Victorian Premier. The conseqne?ce has been diat Protectionist candidates have been at a discount. The principle itself has made no headway. Indeed, it has not shown its real strength during die elections. Owing to Mr. Berry's want of generalship it has actually been shorn of some of its power. There is quite as much hope of a campaigu in favor of free trade being carried on in Victoria by die champions of it in New South Wales as diat die Victorian statesmen should pro pagate their dubious and dangerous doc trines here. We are rejoiced at your harvest pro spects. As before we shall be good customers, and shall be only too glad to get our wheat from you at a less price titan we paid last year. While die settlement of our land proceeds at die ridiculous rate which has obtained dw last ten years we shall require a considerable amount. We hare a number of fnsesskctora, bat too few genuine farmers. 