Wayside Notes—The Crocodile. It is **'? that Australia has no history ; and to the antiquary, who cares only for the re mains of antiquity, tie statement is UtetaRy correct, especially as regards Queensland. We may have bad & 'stone age/1 bnt as yet it is only fainted at, and the marsupials axe eaid to teu a tane as w- oar yomn geoiogicaiiy. Be that as it may. ire, the present possessors of the soil, commenced basmess only yester day ; and here ve are to-d»yt with little of Time's wreckage scattered about, but con fronted by an. erer-pressmg «w, wi& its ormffirfiT demands npon energy and activity. Verily* we come np to tiie poetic idea— we 'lire m the present ;' yet some of oar yester days are worth a retrospective glance, as f»ytiilttfciwg the elements of growth and decay on a wonderfnlly accelerated scale. We may have an opportunity of looking at a few of them occasionally, and first we shall go to the Crocodile, take note of its auriferous wastes, and Kager awhile over the rains of Boulder come — yesterday the scene of bostle and active life, to- day comparatively talent and deserted. Passing through tiie swamp, now tirm enough under foot, or along the Port Carte road, where the eye is delighted with tie fresh green appearance of the pad docfes and of the range on tiie right, we jog alone on oar fifteen-mile journey. Some distance oat— a few miles at tiie most — weeolzrabryteft of errantry, -which seems to bare missed tiie late rains. Here and there we observed water, but little or no grass ; and from tiie Half-way Hoose to the Crocodile everything is brown and bare, and as dry as Ht^r The remains of five bullocks are in be seen from the road, and in one iiitiiapw* only a few bones marked tiie spot -where tiie heast bad perished. In some places the ground is covered with long grass, bat it wittered lorn; ago, and now contains no noanEhment. If tiiis grass bad been cot when green, made into hay, sited and stacked, it -wjoold have kept the stock in fair condition. Some settlers have always hay on hand, while otters, of the happy-go-lucky stamp, fcabftaallv neglect the adoption -j£ precautions against a'dry season. Tn many parts tiie land is so encumbered with stamps and fallen trees ihat the grass, tiiongh exceedingly ra&k;, coold not be cut, and a tittle preliminary clearing wonld be necesary in the fust instance. Nevertheless, tiie conditions are inexorable ; farmers in tiie old country hare to provide against the winter meat's, and sbocbownecs here— more especially in overstocked dhflriffta — most look, out for seasons of drought ff they wonld save their cattle. Bnt this is by the Two miles beyond the Half- way House we come to a ln^ of ISme^s wreckage—a record of yesterday. It is the Canadian reef, which, extends on each side of the road, nnming north and sooth. A prospecting daim and three others were at one time worked, the yield bong about an ounce to the ton ; bnt it was abandoned seven or eight years ago for Gympie, and has nerer been resumed, me reef] is now- private property, and the shafts have been filled op to prevent accident. Proceeding some *??«»*: flft»™» farther, we come to what has been one of the largest and best developed undertakings in the district— the Hector ⅇ£ It rnns east and west, or nearly so* and crosses the road at an oblique angle. like the C*nt*Ai*n it is now private property, bat it bad its day, and was the centre of a littie mining township. The pros pectors—Messrs. Price and Kalonidas, the latter a Greek — sold their daim to a company including two well-to-do Rockhaunptoo mer chant*, and work went on vigorously for three or four years. The results were satisfactory — or what would be considered so no* — as some of the croshiogs yielded as TimA as four opTwyfi to tiie ton fftt-. average most have been below this, though we cannot now state what it was. Bat ttie stone had to~be carted a distance of over two miles, the crushing machine being situated at the Half-way House. Then labour of all sorts was very costly, and other El Dorados, particularly Gympie, presented counter attractions, and drafted off many of tiie wjinPTH- From oae cause and another, the daim was abandoned, five or six years since ; bat the shafts, all well timbered, are still open, and some parts ot t&e; woming appli ances are stall on tiie ground. Horses were used in tiie operations. Other claims on the came reef were also opened, bat not to the same extent. The crashing »m'ih*T|nj on the ahMJnmnBiit of tfae reef, first went to Cov&zral;, and subsequently, we believe, to Charters Towers. Leaving this interesting spot, we enter a fihaniHw. circle — the domain of a dreamer, now remembered by only tiie older residents. We refer to the Moonlight Beef, situated on the left ode of the road, on the next fall of the ridge. The history of this reef is curious. Anao named Mattel, a. loyal subject of St. Patrick, had a remarkable dream, in which, as he thought, a stranger of superior address and tipar^ig pointed to a spot not far from bis hmnpy, and said ' dig.' Martd awoke ; tiie Tru-wm teas shining brightly i and so impressed was he with the vision, that he got np, threw on his 'togs,' and went straightway and pegged oat tiie place indicated. He after wards secured a claim, and sank several Aifh - bat notwithstanding that he dug and dog, -he never got more than, about «£even pennyweights to the ton. This, of coarse, did not pay ; and thus what was began m moonlight *^mu^A oat to be merely moonshine. The ** spirit' had evidentiy^'iNwtad-v.oat a wrong spot ; or it m'j^have been the ghost of a digger, bent npon revenging pfljn,^ injury sttskuzied in ^n* body. There is littie more to note tmtQ we arrive at Crocodile Creek, three miles from tiie town ship. There are here a number of abandoned reefs, HaOigs&'s, White's, Johnston's, and others. Sere, also, is Camming^ )mf» of reef, recently granted to Brown and party. The claim has been fenced and a notice pot np ; bat the necessary conditions as to -work have not been complied with, and the ground is therefore open to any new applicant who may fancy it There was some talk not long ago of the probability of foreign capital being introduced to develope tiie auriferous deposits, bat so far a^ti^Tr***'' has not been realised — it has ended in 'blow.' With regard to the Crocodile reefs generally, enquiries an made occasionally by moneyed wwn in th-* ^offth as to the return that ought be expected from a liberal investment of capital, bat, eo far as we are aware, no steps of a practical character have yet been taken. The S^manJw machine, a ten stamper, is located on the creek, at the Three Hue. Just now it is ' hung up' for repairs, as the saying goes. Mesas. Borne and Twigg are supplying new tabes, and new fire and emoke boxes, for the boiler ; and tiie engine, as well as the stamping department, is undergoing a thorough overhaul. A new table is alao being supplied. Mr. us— aMJHK^ tiie proprietor, says he expects to have the machine in working order again in about five weeks; and the diggers will thus have a small crashing for Christmas. The fitdl stage of the journey is short and easy. We soon come in sight of Sooldercombe, lying snugly in a pocket with Jfaa/pphTthftafry of Mis in ihe background. It has the appear ance of a mined city, and is, in reality, a barren waste, covered witii stones and heaps of rubbish. Along the creeks, and also on many of tiie intersections, tiie ground has been all tamed over, at one, tnne *y *rwtf***t'. to onoKfi of the precious niHal ~ while one is r^tni'Mf^ at almost every step of tf»«? once populous town of Bouldercombe, with, its European and Chinese quarters, and its hotels, stores, and gambling-houses. Eleven years ago this 'howl- ing wilderness" was the haunt of active, ambitious men, fair women, and nobody knows how many children. Eleven years ago we and, in the European quarter, eight hotels, and in equal number of stores, which did a good trade. In China Town, as it was called, 'John' mastered in force, and had six or seven stores, with fruit shops, &c; to say nothing of other means of catching thr 'nimble shilling.' On Saturday night the main thoroughfare was usually so crowded with people that locomotion was almost impossible, and from one end of the place to tiie other gambling was caried on until a late hour. Besides all this, there was a Catholic chapel on the flat, a Protestant place of worship on Church- hill, and a. Joss-house in the Chinese quarter ; but these erections have succumbed to the general ruin, the Protestant church having been burnt down. The fate of old Bouldercombe is that of many mining township flourishing one day, as it were, and deserted the next. The present township as on a slender scale. The population, which is somewhat fluctuating, embraces from thirty to thirty-five miners, some of them having pretty large families There are also a few Chinese. The children may be estimated at from twenty to thirty. There are two stores— Jagerdorff's which is large and well supplied, and Ah Moy's. Bakers' bread is unknown, in the township, but the home-made bread manufactured in every household is excellent. Butcher-meat is a trifle cheaper than in Rockhampton; but goat's flesh is pretty extensively used, and is a. capital substitute for mutton, from which it often cannot be distinguished. There are no hotels or public- houses in the place; no church or school, and no Sunday ministrations of any description. Everything depends upon the reefs, the principal of which is the 'Who'd have thought i^n only recently laid off. It is situated on the vest side of the creek, and runs nearly doe east and west, crossing the ridge at an oblique angle, and having an underlay dipping to the north. Morris and part? (4), the prospectors, are working tiie prospecting dann, from wiiich one -rosbiiig has been obtained yielding two ounces to the ton. Fifteen tons, more or less, of promising looking stone are to grass, and there is also a quantity at the machine, awaiting crashing. Four shafts hare been soak, toe greatest depth yet attained being 73 feet Two other claims are in course of develop ment No. 1 East is being worked by Rowley and party (3), who hare sank three &3&S;, and are dawn about sixty feet. Ttey have op from 30 to 40 tons of stone, the whole of it looking ve3L No. 2 East is in the hands of a party of six Chinese, who have sank four shafts, varying in depth from 25 feet to 60 feet, and have about ten tons of Etone to grass. The prospects are satisfactory. The stone is A rotten mnllocky, very much burnt ; and judging from its appearance, and also from tiie satisfactory trial crashing already mentioned, there is every probability of a good yield. Moreover, the chances are that the reef will be permanent, as it has been struck by all tiie three claims; bat the rhararfcpr of the stone wfll likely alter with the increase of depth. This surmise is strengthened by a few of the epechnetis, which, though equally rich, are harder than the bulk of the Etone now being raised. Tbere are four other claims taken up on tiie same reef, bat the owners have not yet started The rest of the operations at BouLdercombe are easily gummed up. A party of three — Wilton, Lnma», and Watson — are working an fT+gndff^ rjaim ©a flip old Block and Pillar reef, which had been abandoned. It is almost in a line with the ' Who'd have thought it,' and is near cue une Mile, mere are nere about ten tons of stone to grass. A new shaft has fawn *™*«V, aod. the -depth, attained is about 40 feet The party recently came from the Dee. Two other miners — Murray and M'Lennon— have been at work about a month at the One Mile ; there are a few foGEtkere in the creek ; and Combes and party have a wet expiring in an alluvial daim, and are said to be making a little. Altogether, the place is improving, and all are anxiously looking forward to tiie next cnouungs. 