LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The third of a course of lectures under the anepioee of the Young Ken's Tmprorement 8oeiety.in oonneoe tion with the Oongregational Obhurobh w delivered in the Bonday.rehool room on Thursday evening 'last by the Ber. 8. Savage, of Brisbane. The presidsnt pf the ociety the BRev. F. H. Browne, oseupied the chair c and there was, considering the utit, of the wspthber, a good attendanoe. Tbe subject of thb loo tLore was '!The Ancient Manuseripts of the Bible.'? The lecture throughout proved a highly interestii6g and instruotive one, and the manner in which Kr. Bavage handled his subject showed that he must bearp devoted to it a considerable amount of careful stndy and researob. In the course oltis remasit·, tbe rer. lecturer observed that in the:prsernt:day a wery great interest was attached to the relies of sntiquity, acid If this were the case with regard to thb pyramids;, hbsps of stones, end other relis of a bygosne age, how hcob more should it be the nase lia regard to the aneient manuseripta' of. the Word of .God P rSo fr'as.tbe' knmew, there did not exist at present a single origtinal menauseript containing the whole of eitheribheOld or New Testaments, and there was no proof whatever that such complete masnuoripte ever bad existed. The earliest tnanusoriptewere tbhe of the Tewish law; which, asoording to osepbhus, were taken to Rome and plaoed in the celebrated Alexeandrjsn Ljbnay; Abount the year 28 to c. ibe whole, brgreater pat, of the Old Testament was' 'tresislated, into the Gree tongue, a translation which came to be known as the Septuagint veruion, but which, unfortunately, aboot 55 s.o.,. was destroyed by flre,'together with 500,000 rolumes out pf the 700,000 whbioh the magnifcent library at Alexandria contained. The translations of the Hebrew manusoripts of the Bible were of three elasses-vis., the Spanlsh, German, and ialisa: The number of these manuasripts were said to be 109,'alt of which gave what was known as the Musoretie text. The lesthrer then proceeded to explain how the ages' of the different maniscripts were determined. In some cases the dates were insocribed.on. them, and' when the date wasn in the same hand- writing s the manuscript itself it was coneluded that the dat gave the exact time at which the manuscript' 'ias written. The material on which the tents were writtenwass another meas of determinig their dates. The moat ancient manuscript copies of the Pentatstdh were written on crimson leather | and later they came to be transcribed on what was known as papyrus. Tbhe style of writing was also an important test of the age of the manuscripts of tbhe Bible. Mr. Savage then. exhibited to the audience fleesimiler of the di(ferent styles of writing-in the Ilrst of which the words were all plared together without space between them, then so many words were' crowded togethos in a line, and then dots were introduced to 'distinguish them. bThe lecturer then referred to the codex Alexandrions vereion of the 8criptureas af4riesimle copy ofwhich' wes prodoced foi the'British Mhissum aet a cost of £80,000 ; the codex Veticanni,' iwhich originally con. tained the whole of the Old and New Testaments, the bchief characteristic of which' Was its omissions, it being said to contain no fewer than 1875 of these; the eodes Sinsitie and codex Regius, the' latter of which was in the Imperial Library of Paris; and the codex Purpureus and codex .Begae, both of which dated from 'the 6th cenatury. When they considered how similar some ofthe charaeters in the Hebrew and Greek languages were, it was not matter for surprise that many mistakes had been made by the various trans lators. It was said that the Scriptures contained no feswer than 15,000differeont readings. TheseWristings bed, however, extended over a period of 2000 years, and so carefully had the work of translation been pe. formed that none of the other aincient manuscripts could for a moment be compared with them in point of accuracy. Mr. Savage illustrated his remarks under this head by ebxhibiting diagranms, showing bow very easily serious mistakes might be made in tranlating from the different langua?eso in which the Seriptuirors were originally written. For instance, in the itbrmw manuscoripts the word BeeRin, meaning "tbat Thou" had been inadrertently substitured for Beckun, " in eam;" lIri, "'i am a Hebrew," for Irdi, " tlhe ser cant of Jehveah," and ao on. At cise close of tle second century the number of manuscript copies. of the GCospels was aid to be 80,000. The varienou read ings in the Greek manuascripts.were nect.referred to, and it was stated that may of thesoe errors hat been caused through the insertion of marginal readings in the body of the work. Thle worst error in this respect ooourred in the 4th verse of the 5th chapter of at. John. The most pernicious of the alterations intro' dauced, however, weoe those which had been suade to ' seree party purposes. In the Vatican manuscript, to whiot hebehd already referred, many of the erena were pntirely omitted i but the Cambridge manasoript con teined errors orquile an oppqeile elhmnaro,,r.i ,iadli. tions. In thle Aet.,fnr inntanco,thore moreons feer than 000 interpolations of this charsoter-in. ,it wmore e sembled a paraphreseof the Scriptures than theoriginsa text. For example, the latter portion of ethe t vese of the lot chap. of the Actsl we made to read--" Yo shall be baptined with the Holy Ghost, aied m~chye ore be to reaeide"-the words in italies ruresp t 'intierpolation of the charaeter mention?. It was rsomewhat reassoring, however, to know that tbere were not more than twelve various readings of imn porteance in the 7959 crerses which the New Testament contained. Our Bible, which was based on Tyndall'e translation, was on the whole, the lseturer aid, as nearly as possible as the inspired writers had written it. It was the samewbicl Ohiisilni 4l00yeare ago had used, and all that bhmaine easing had done or qould do'would bet little sfeott A colleotion hav ihg been taken up in aid of the fonds of the eeoiety, the chairmanpad 'a Igh bompliiiedtcitro . sageo for tbhe. excelenlt lture be had deliered, and en' prseed his oegret thi t woaldproebhly be the lset ocoasion-sat ny rate for a long time to come that. they would hare the pllearre of ?Lstening to a lecture from the rer getlesmes, ne 'bewi about to take his departure for Sydney to assme th?bpstorate of the Petersham Oongregational Oharoh, the mem' bers of which had giren him a unanimous all Os the motion of Mr. Bostook, eseonded by Er. Berry, e.hearty vote of thanks was soeeordedot t?-eoetarerI after which the benedicion was pronoposed, and the meetingseparated. - There wee a ery fsir iniiter at itha~' entary Ols?n mseeting on Thsriday ugb?l?t r eerl notiees of motion had bseen iei, u b wi,' mew her eleoted, the Speaker lef, the bhair, whekl e Houme resolved itself intoommitteoftheb whole, and tbhe hown. member for Wanrego resumed the ad'onesd debate on the resolution of thd hbhb. lnbmi edr?iWd arricL k whish proposed to extendthe'fdli e li feal s over twenty yearsof ac?J?'ol4thloh hi avoweda himnl a warm supporter. The Minister foiande and the amember for West -Moretoeh;: ltho'ni op? the resolution- e asIt' etood; i tveee& eW to grant the fanobhise tb?mitaleFbsilmatd widows. The hen. member for Werrso imtel ponedan amendmut t'th tdet.effet .-tSi lbt amend ment were opposed by the Pr'ehi qd Tr?ar surer, the Minister f?r Wotose;'ii e'l member for Stanley. The madorethe esti?'o?akwing a re plied to the objections tbiro?ight Y ~ h qetion was put by the ehobeirman, and bdliot 6e and amsendment- were neattvhd''*rithd' iotn, after which the Hoosereeunsid ahd $jou 'edebate eas undoubtedly ee of thie beet that hrvae place duriog tbe present ession.- herwt; l.bflonfdenea motion standing in the nmw of theo1l . bhr for oraitode Valley PalsptPoned - " cones. qosebe of his'navoidnbleabsin Tbhe first grand .but "snder the seppiees of the .Lidley Hunt Club took .plsee! on Thl?lidaylaet, and proveiln every reepeot a?o eO . .he momhere of the club,to-the nasmbe 'iilfbYt or.prprlnoldd. ing two gentlemen fromhi; Btri'ehb aid th. Crowa Ie wioh-easemblasd-t the UWidiey li16i st Qtpsat 0 o'look i i i)p moroing, and i eosiled to the sone of the d?t' ope tiop ?rsl,the Idkledieirpile?g e .heres the naeppn abpeid -in., t3ouneods The bonedenet' tii4tT, in timberpe eptinedb y Mr. Sameel Oooper; 'and the sbootes w}?p.a seered twelve atrong, were commanded byth' vae-pree. dentof the elab,: "e; . Mesttbhjl'ai iiehisg the rage, thq boteous prooeedh;tb ite¶iidd while theleopemeo eeso ? s orsd.U egearudivt~ he mar sp.es o theto?f, The sport then commeo?d in sLthe booters opening a destr?orire re ttpion'thehnoib4,*hoi,4Iiti hiteksntinuad untiln wn e pmidf it roeed gbe rei denoxer Mr. 3, d.etbdf tetab. js s om aefehmenti.ftMiit hitl4 t we hunt-was resumed, and was kept up with vi o ll the ev ep. is.,lNnt?hetieng.tigt-tbhatiiatte tot a Ire-r clus one for saebtbort, it is etimated that the number of meranpials slauoghtered ould not have been fewer than 800-.~± ,iih6 Y the? ?.ioflte,?s very eatinfeetaory sonevmeebaml, a feb huntes as this one will materialy did no'iare these destraotioese~'d~d t 'thi g ionetturit and the agnatfore , i;., i £1 .. .r..;.' L,anita £.10· . Thelollowing obseentioni; oibthe.pbefazenine .sportman i? tids -towsn; willdobtleiWe~d with considerable interest PIy oer tol .fijs nutilp m o dayby pihe peestebesre pf ts Esaiteyj HotOll: "Harieght~ee yeindt rt ibreral elbqPfiou$Aeeet meeilern station, [I¥ ithhi'hwold'iisisth'ie members of the Laidley Husntqub if Ig?re oputtliie of how the extermination s 'th meq?~h managed -ee ·bneluieei ehpbbllTt 'k~b cb ttsu ~eof 30.000 ina- iltitjie ~rethrseeo eBshtpqi~bdesws- r alt. Whi abshooting sieh i# e wteb palisg-!enhboi'othbitsddtoet i the b rc a tine is formed over i leding sper, uasl] ed icarel tell huntsmen that Cshe:~ sr?ealwkyi'Sea for the top. Altibouehbboi teedrtdr i edown withtolerble uooees late io the iening, still it is alwaysm better to ake tse-higher glpundi as notB'oy loitbiy drive .etter, bit ?. girehegsUp agseateradeantsge. Th wind is also & grebt consideration, e1 the esot of the \- eroo is ery-e, and ii almost imposib' to -n ..h.. base et w t t. .. ' range, mad if toid s todpaee the sAea to ascoi hicehybeweenzhewp h-tbbd atlrdsiljhtyto 100 O ·ahpsrtt, atar iem are oEasionally ehoia ls. qe p tsp ea a shebe itsdedplal h'iiorthen in s trees,k l ·s, the ase may be, to covrihm-?oeUi, b o, fro th biht-t tegsajr setl#lllseotide ':.ani on bithest l aitends'sligsty in adasee of .the line, in pejlflo,tlrzoythemqgsjglale in to the oebh shooteri. AL eooi? ethe line is lformsd--wbicbhs done at an armnged time--the driere s pread out at a diatadce ,f from two to three miles, as it loond nseesanry, dan they.est onoeibei tsOhegl add drllog; the game. Tbs sbc~eialesnt I orelf/ ae eiseted for £hi pa t of thb.wprk?d,?lss ? -7e ta.ly do it to prectiop. a pgret ptaqtrntg.eiig deth the ksngaroosill k.oeb alaep. oai?ptiiul than a blink. But I think a tot of mouted?ongtere, with etoLkwhipr , r-d hk aod 0 .?lsitler winl Who kne the'etanda .1tbe ppbootere* woulld3o ?lt nello They tp?en bein diiri ing pr,? el? yA'o on ins shootige begins ait ell blddyi sltheaddeci come to lmowet soudltill, en as not to ploge tO p ie the ibklaroty otherwise they oo il to b bi e Of coure all the .time tle?e.o?f driyjtthemhe msore noe theyuJ t dithe t~ i ekt itt-eGate?o 1t?serg the maenupislt.' onThehea $tilt idailifero 8 to it drahmal of piwdrs ll fom lto. to 1on. f ' ehote With this ebnrbequd.gindd stdh dmoeth certain dsoeath up to forty yardo e but ocseibholy illh are mads up to sixty yards.d¶!;et i ioig-ihottng of this ined that .the.uperi?dyiof the r belt bre is apparent, There is onlry.on made by-eily obe at Fassiferd totwpieldedob ya ekiletl hand it is fousn to do wnbbderTelenootion at long range. Is drirem unob Uee huvireait)daorIbqd; ¶tstb know" as many -s Oiftytereefasll'te Soc gnan, md mige mjM.? bees got ha" onot the ammnition' igweb psi-ftj a role about fdie drtree of thi aect araagp ien . The usunl monthly meMlna'g'f the Gattos tmere' (Slub was held on Tuedaylhsy t;"iMiOk die &5wer good ateendoneeaibd Mr. Wiggins oerupiotltbeshsir. The ?principal bosine weasethe eleotion Iit, . fcc t-.e eepiog yoe, snd tho reesielir ' hf lb r the cusmmitte epappolntod to draic sp i'odse :1 'The tatter ereesubmitted to the 'meetgll ..n ed. The working ommittee willt-met this'v ? the pulrpose. of making arrangements fobibhFsis of thp rules cad other mattres relatid/st.* the oh., thbese, with all seoeeory iaformaslob!'willihe'sob' mitted to the puelic at a fturater-e "t" The monthly nittiae of the ,G-Iwet1 1q|iMqs?ou? wan beld on Wednesday lint belore Optain Townsel, Polioe Maoistrate,' the principal case hsad jdipgtheb of Goggin e. Winton. Mr. O'Suliiviw epp'a , foe the defeodant. Theacseusd wasobarg-d wlthig?iing. on Ithe 16tb, stoseo a o vl a rlued at S26., the pperty of the prosecutor. Tne evideneeowdp toehoa,tbhat the eonused had been purehleit~j emttle from aeral of the farmere to the diatrict, and that he had bought teo trom the prolecutort the Itter missed tOh ilf in question on the 16th instratt, and it wans aterwards dilouvered in the mob belonginlg to the acoused. In crosueeaminntion by Mr. O'dulhlvan. the proseoutor utated that he never suepeotLed the ooneed of ~avitg sltolen the calt, taet he did out think he had done so, asd that it sight l.avebeen tLreo by mistake ..After further eettodee had been adduced the Bencbh stated that it we evident the o.lf had been teken by mistake, and that there woos u intetion on the part of the accused to arral tL. They thlerefore dsumisned tLe atse. A led named Caries ivYer, rui ting u OGammie Swemp, so.ideooally Irotuored hI. arm on Wetneutay last. He was taken to the lospital, ehere his inja* rins were attended to, and he is now doing well 