TALES. BLACK SPIRITS AND WHITE. By FRANCES ELEANOR TROLLOPE. (The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XXXVII. ' Well,' said my lady triumphantly, ' I hope you're satisfied now, Ccsmo, that I was not quite a fool, and that I did right to believe in the spirits. Mr. Flint, from being the object of her dislike and suspicion, was very nearly tr.msf irmed into a Daniel come to judgment by his unexpected adhesion to her hypothesis that t-ii* Rupert Lowry had tr ade a testa ment subsequent to the one proved and acted on. His interview with Quiekit had indeed convinced Mr. Flint that such was the case. He had gone to Quiekit prepared to unmask a conspirator, but he had come away satisfied of the man's honesty. Astonishing and vexing as the discovery was, he could not honestly refuse to admit his conviction that Sir Rupert had made a second will, and had kept the fact that he had made it se ret from his old friend and family lawyer. Mr. Flint could not honestly refuse to admit this* much— to his mind the admission by no means involved all the consequences which Lady Lowry would fain have deduced from it— so he did admit it ; and by so doing gained Lady Lowry's favourable opinion as to his intelligence. Of his honesty she did not think so highly. ' You see, Cosmo,' she said, ' this Mr. Flint thinks you stand a very good chance of being whole and sole master at Lowry, and of having other good things be sides. There'll be leases, and contracts, and deeds, and all manner of law business to do ; so, of course, as he knows which side his bread is buttered, he don't want to make an enemy of you.' ' Pooh ! Mr. Flint wouldn't care one straw, Sally, whether I give him my law business or not.' 'Oh, that's nonsense ! If he wouldn't care a straw why should he Keep an office in Elcaster, and pay clerks and all that : Of course he looks to have your patronage, and I don't blame him for that. You may depend his behaviour in this matter shows which way the wind blows. If he thought Mary was going to get the upper hand he would turn up his nose at the spirits and at Mr. Quiekit, and all, j ust as - some other folks did at first. Hut it's too late for you to pooh pooh the thing now, Cosmo, at all events. ' Sir Cosmo in truth no longer even affected to po _-h- pooh it. He sneered, because nature and habit had made it impossible for him not to sneer ; but he treated the question of his father's will as one of vital import ance. There was not one of his waking hours in which the subject was not present to his mind. He was continually making mental calculations of the arrears of interest that would be due to him on the money which Mary inherited under the present will, and building castles in the air with tall columns of arithmetical figures. This and that investment which he had already dabbled in should be added to. Such and such shares would yield 6uch and such profit. He should be able to afford to place a few sums in specula tions of greater risk, and proportionately greater gains, than the miserable three, four or five per cent, which he could now have with safety. He grew leaner and mere haggard day by day. Jn a word, he was being devoured by the slow fever of avarice. And yet at the same time, by a strange contradic tion there grew up in the very innermost depths of his conscience a sentiment of respect and sympathy for his sister Mary stronger than he had ever felt before. It was true that he allowed his wife — emboldened by the success of her investigations so far— to utter, unchecked, very broad insinuations to the effect that Mary must have known something about that London will, and that she certainly had very strong motives for concealing its existence, and possibly even for putting it out of the way. He longed, with all the strength of the strongest passions within him— greed and love of power— to gain posses sion of the home which now sheltered his sister, and of the greater part of the income whieh she now enjoyed. He would have struggled as ruthlessly as Sarah herself (although with less force and singleness of purpose) against any attempt to quash the search for the missing will. But yet he secretly resented all Sarah's coarse and unfeeling words about Mary; and he secretly— half uncon sciously — began to appreciate his sister's fine qualities, and to take a queer so.t of pride in the superiority of her behaviour throughout these circumstances to the behaviour of his wife. Mary was a Lowry, thorough bred. Mary was incapable of vulgar littleness. Mary's 6ore feeling on the subject was the result of what was good, and not bad. She resented the in tolerable suspicions which Sarah had neither the will nor the power to conceal from her. It was the want of confidence which hurt her, not the fear of loss. All these considerations, whilst they became clearer and clearer to Sir Cosmo, by 110 means influenced him so as to make him pursue his purpose in a manner less offensive to his sister's feelings. Mary resolved to leave London on the 18tb Decem ber. She had always intended to spend Christmas Hay at Clevenal, and recent events had made her desire to get away from her brother s house with as little delay as might be. bhe was thoroughly unhappy there. She did not, indeed, delude herself by supposing that happiness awaited her Clevenal ; but there would be at least solitude, if she choose to bave it. The moral atmosphere of the house in Green-street had become insupportable to her. She felt sometimes as if her physical respiration was actually oppressed there. How little 6he had guessed when she first received the announcement of her brother's marriage, and so generously responded to it by weh oming his young v ife to her heme, what a dark shadow entered her life with that rose-cheeked, fair-haired woman 1 There were moments when Mary felt ashamed to think that her sister-in-law pos sessed 80 much power to wound her — momen.s when she declared to herself that she was abased by giving any heed to Sarah's coarse and clumsy thrusts, and when she resolved to keep her mind in a region above their reach. But of course such resolves were vain. Sarah was always able to 6trike at her feelings through Cosmo. The thought that the brother to whom she had been so loyal and loving througli many weary years should repay her with coldness, ingratitude, and even suspicion, pierced Mat y's heart. Her affection for Cosmo— that sisterly tenderness which had survived so long a separation and so many adverse circumstances— had iertainly not remained the same since she and her brother had met again It was impos-ible to love Cosmo present as she had loved Cosmo absent. But it was also im possible for Mary to shut her heart against him utterly, or to look on his conduct with the same cool and clear- headed disapproval with which she might have regarde i it in a stranger. There are women who would have cried and talked copiously to two or three intimate friends — or, such not being within reach, to friends who were not intimate — and would thus have obtained solace. The mere utterance and iteration of words seems to have a soothing effect on the troubles of some persons, and lulls them like the unmeaning hush a-bye of a nurse to an inlant. But Mary's temperament was not of the kind which can take comfort in saying over and over again that it is unhappy and ill-used. And your silent sorrows are ever the most obstinate. There was only one person near at hand in whom Mary felt impelled to confide e\ en a small portion of the cares that oppress td her spirits, and that person was Mrs. Peppiat. The two had become great friends, although they had been able to meet but seldom. Mrs. Peppiat was at once remote from, and interested in the circle of persons amongst whom Mary was now living, and this combination made it tempting to talk about them to her. She was sufficiently removed from their stage to have a just focus in looking at them; and sufficiently near it to appreciate even the slightest traits of their behaviour. No by-play of these actors was lost on Mrs. Peppiat. and, moreover, she undei stood all that Mary did not say about the family in Green- street quite as well as that which she did say. ' Bless you, Northam,' she would say to her husband, 'Cosmo Lowry hasn't changed really since the old Malta days. Not a bit of it ! He is just what he was then, only a good deal more so. I always hated his grudging way of talking of his sister Marv. And poor Bell could have told a tale of his sneering, dissatisfied, suspicious temper. To say truth, 'poor Bell' had tokl manysuiha tale, not being either reticent or dignified. But to one who had lived in such close intimacy with Cosmo and his family as Leonora Peppiat had done in the days of Cosmo s struggling poverty, the tale was one which t®ld itself. And now the same nature was j showing a fuller development under the circumstances of rank and an unexpected inheritance ; but it was the same, asTLeonora declared. She and Pep weie not quite agreed in their estimate of my lady. Usually, the fact of being a woman enlisted all Pep's sympathy, and he had made excuses for feminine shortcomings before now with the gallantry and irra tionality of his chivalric temperament. But on Sarah Lady Lowry, he had no mercy. He attributed all the troubles that happened in Green-street to her whole and sole influence. Cosmo was of a dry, grudging temper if you liked— a curmudgeon in fact. Of course he was ! But as to that woman ? Pep could not trust himself to put it into words what he thought of ' that woman.' He seemed to resent the very fact of her being a woman, as though she were claiming his for bearance on false pretences. He and Mr. Flint would have cordially joined in loading her ladyship's plump white shoulders with all the unpleasant circumstances which had happened, were happening, or might ever happen in the Lowry family. In vain Leonora — who certainly did not love Sarah — would endeavour to represent to hi n that the latter was ignorant of the world, narrow-rciuded, ant inexperienced; and that it behoved her husband to oppose and guide her when she was going wrong, and not to accept with avidity all the advice she proferred, provided it did but follow the course of his own desires*. ''Oppose and guide!'' cried Pep, stuttering with impatient indignation, 'Did— did — did ye ever hear of opposing and guiding a vigorous young porker on his way to market r' ' Northam ! 1 m ashamed of you, sir 1' 'By the— the— the Lord Harry, I d rather drive ten pigs ten miles than my Lady Lowry one, there ! I would upon my 6acred word of honour !' ' Northam, Northam, she's a horrid woman, and I don't defend her. But I know that men can always get their own way when they want it enough. If she asked Cosmo to settle an annuity on us, do you think he'd do it r No, no ; she must have more obs'inacy and force of will than I give her credit for if she could induce him to gi' e away money. Get ting it is another matter. Folks are not hard to per suade to what pleases them.' ' I think, Leonora',' returned her husband with a profound shake of the head, ' that you don't make sufficient allowance for the power of stupidity. It's an enormous force in this world ; quite awful. Now Cosmo has some brains, and that puts him at an im mense disadvantage with his wife. Oh, by Jove, when you get pure unalloyed stupidi'y like Lady Lowry's it's an awful power ! It's Heaven's own mercy that it's generally adulterated with a gleam or two of intelligence, or I don't know what would become of us ! I tell you what it is, Nora ; there's a great deal of talk about the intellectual development of women — higher education and all that— lut if the sex knew where real power lies they'd try to ketp stupid.' And the Captain retired behind his pipe, j lost in the tremendous vision his fancy had conjured j up of a world in which all the women should be Lady j Lowrj'S. He was still absorbed in this conception of a state 1 of things from whic h all feminine brightness, tact, and insight should be utterly banished, when Mary ] Li wry drove up to the door, and asked to see Mrs. Peppiat. She had come, she said, to say ' good- j bye.' Mis. Peppiat received her in Herr Schulze's front parlour, whose tenant was absent at his occupa tion in the city, and where Herr Schulze's harmonium | was at present repo ing in silence, and leaving Juno's j nerves unruffled by what Rosamond called the ' quivery stop.' _ | ' And you are really going away so scon, dear Miss Lowry,' said Leonora, looking at the beautiful pale face before her, with 60 sweet and candid an ex pression of ungrudging admir tion as made her own homely countenance very pleasant to look upon. Yes ; Ma y was going away very soon. She had always intended to be at home by Christmas. She would not leave London without coming to say fare well at Nelson-place. She spoke with her usual serene cheerfulness, but to Norah's quick eyes and ears her face and her voice betrayed that she was ill at ease. 'Ifer,' said Mrs. Peppiat, 'that your visit to London has not keen a pleasair one ' ' I cannot say that it has been pleasant. But I have had one great comfort in being near Kosamond, and in finding she is quite unspoiled by the change iu her worldly fortunes. ' ' Oh, Rosy, bless her, is too sound-hearted for that. I think it mu t be a very poor, narrow, pitiful nature that doesn't grow sunnier in the sunshi-ie._ The instant she had said the words Mrs. Peppiat' s honest face flushed scarlet. How could she have made so heedless a speech ? It was w orthy of Noi tham himself, who was always blurting out what seemed to be cutting allusions, and being all the wl ile very innocent of any malicious intention. ' I'm afraid so,' answered Mary gravely. ' I mean — particularly at Rosy's age, you know As we grow older, years* and the world make most of us sourer and harder. ' I'm afraid so,' said Mary again. ' Your old friend Mr. Flint is in London, I hear. I am glad of that.' 'Yes; it is fortunate for me that some business of his own should have called him into town just now, for his advice and his presence are a great support to me. Of course you have heard ? ?' Mary paused, leaving her sentence unfinished. « Of course I have heard something— a good deal — of what lias been going on in Green street. But pray don't think yourself bound to say one word on the subject to me more than you are fully inclined to say. It is very pleasant to give and receive confidence when it is quite spontaneous. But there is nothing I have a g' eater horror of than levying confidence as a kind of black mail from one's friends. I hope Northair. and I never do it. But there are people who take your silently minding your own business as a personal affront ! If I could help you, or do the least little thing for you, dear Miss Lowry, I hope you would let me. My poor sister Bell left me a legacy of gratitude to you. Almost the last thing she spoke to me about was your generous and staunch behaviour to her and hers.' 1 he contrast between this abundant recognition of her sentiments on the part of a stranger and the cold suspicion with which 6he was regarded by her brother made irself powerfully feltby Mary. '1 he tears sprang to her eyes. She took Mrs. Peppiat s hand. ' I should like to talk to you about it,' she said simply. And then in a few minutes she related the story ot the missing will so far as 6he herself was acquainted with it. Mis. Peppiat listened quietly. Much of the tale was not new to her, and she showed no surprise iu hearing it ; only a steady, undemonstrative kind of at tention. ' And what do you think of it yourself, Mhs Lowry she said. 'Think of it/' ' Of the statement made by this Mr. Quiekit, I don t ask you what you think of Dr. Flagge, because I shouldn't like to insult your discernment by such a question. ' 'What can I think of it? It is more to the pur pose what Mr. Flint thinks of it, and Mr. Flint be lieves it.' ' Would you mind, dear Miss Lowry, my calling Nortliam for a mmute ? Since you have spoken of this matter, I should like to hear what Northam has to say. Of course I should not have let you leave the house without his seeing you ; only I thought I d let him just finish his pipe and get rid of the smell of tobacco a little first. But if you wouldn't miud ? ' Mary assured her that she was quite ready t - con done and endure the tobacco, and by her own sugges tion accompanied Mrs. Peppiat into the back parlour, where sat the Captain plunged in 6moky visit ns. The Captain, after he had expressed his delight at seeing Miss Lowry, his fear of offending her by the odours of his pipe, aud his regret at her approaching departure — all expressed somewhat incoherently, but with much heartiness, and in the soft, winning manner which the sight of a pretty woman always elicited from Pep — entered very eagerly into the topic of Sir Rupert's will. Mary was surprised te find how copiously it had been discussed in the Peppiat3*s circle. Nothing is more surprising to persons of simplicity and sma'l experience of the world than to discover how interesting their private affairs are to people who care not a straw for themselves personally. Demayne had talked of it ; Bob Doery had talked of it : Mr. Qui kit had talked of it —but with consider able oracular reserve. And latterly Mr. Quickit's utterances, whatever they were, had nit come under the Pe. piats notice, inasmuch as the Captain had not been to How ard's-buildings for some time. ' As for me,' said honest Nora, ' I never should atta h weight to anything that was 6aid by Mr. Quiekit — never ! ' ' ' Pooh, Leonora 1 Why not, my dear ? That's nonsense ' ' Why not r Because he's connected with a set of blood-suckers ; usurious horse-leeches ! I'd Castor and Pol ux them, indeed ! You'll never persuade me that it's legal, Northam. Or if it is - more shame for the law, that's all !' ' We won't go into questions of political economy, my dear — nor private economy either,' added the Captain, hastily. The Loan Society was a sore subject with his Leonora, and Pep's negotiations with Castor and Pollux, in old days had been conducted in opposi tion to her warning and advice. 'The point is now Quickit's credibility, and as to that, Nira, I suppose you'll admit that Mr. Flint is a better judge than either you or I.' 'That is what I say, Mr. Peppiat,' said Man*. 'Mr. Flint is satisfied that the witness is speaking the truth. And indeed what motive could he have for giving false testimony in the matter ' Why as to that, there's no knowing what ? ' Pep was beginning with a significant grimace, when his wife stopped him by a look. He had been about to pour forth Lis opinion that Lady Lowry was capable of conspiracy, bribery, corruption, or almost any other offence, for the purpose of securing the inheritance. But, checked by Nora's eye, he paused, and added with two or three little nods, ' To be sure !' ' And of course,' continued Mary, quite 6imply and earnestly, ' ray sole desire is that my father's real will may be carried out faithfully.' 'To be sure!' cried the Captain once more, but vith a very different emphasis. ' It —it- almost seems,' Mary went on, speaking as though she were thinking aloud, ' as if they fancied I wish t - smother the investigation, and keep the truth from coming to light.' The Captain made a most curious gurgling noise in his effort to swallow do»n a too energetic expie ive that rose to his lips ; and Mrs. Peppiat exclaimed indignantly, 'Oh, that's impossible— impossible !'' 'You think so: I an glad to hear you say it. You do thiak that it is impossible for— for anyone who knows me to entertain such an idea ? ' 'Quite impisible!' answeied Leonora vigor ously. Her husband said afterwards that he thought there was no one like your habitually honest spoken folks to tell a lie heartily at a pinch. ' I am morb'd, perhaps, and fancy things. But the ♦ ruth L, that it has hurt me that this discovery should ha e been kept secret Irom me even for a day. Surely 1 ought to have been told at once. However, I don't desire to dwell on that.' 'And what is the discovery worth now they have made it?' said Pep. 'Nothing more likely than that Sir Rupert should have made three or four wills, or three or f ur dozen v. ills for aught I know, and destroyed them again.' Mary shook her head. 'I do not think so,' she said. ' That is not like my father. He was not i-resolute.' ' But, my deir Miss Lowry, what is your theory, then ': You believe that Sir Rupert did make a wdl in London : ' ' Yes.' ' And -ou know that he never revealed that fact either to his confidential law yer or to you ! ' ' Yes.' ' You knjw, too, that after his return from Lon don, he, directly or indirectly, admitted that the will there in Mr. Flint's possession, and subsequently proved and ? ariied out, was in truth his definitive last will and testament ? ' ' Ye- ; at least he never hinted at the existence of any other, when Mr. Flint alluded to the disposition of hi* property.' 'Well then ? !' ' But I think.' pursued Mary in a low voice, ' that he had it in his mind to tell us of some change in his arrangements before he died. I think that at the very last there wa3 something which he longed to say, and could ne\ I never shall forget the strange yearning look in his eyes. I told Mr. Flint of it at the time. But I little guessed th .n what it might mean.' l'ep's countenance fell as he listened. My lady had a case then, after all! And a pretty strong case apparently! That was the thought which passed through the Captain s mind. ' But after all,' said he at length, 'conjecture is vain in such a case. The law cannot concern itself with what m:ght have been. Nor — if you will allow me to say so— need you do so, either,' ' Of course, r.ot ! Quite right, Northam,' said his wife ; and she nodded approvingly. Northam had so much ability when he gave it fair play ! And ex pressed himself so admirably ! ' I cannot tell, of course, whether the will which my father made in London is still in existeu e. But I have tirmly res -lve 1 to spire no pains in searching for it. If it is in I.owry lJlac -, it shall be found.' Pep and his wife exchanged glances. Of course that was what was to he exp jcted from a woman like Mary Lowry, thought Mrs. I'eppiat. Pep thought so, too, only — only if there was an unjust, cantankerous will in' existence which deprived that delightfnl creature of her ancestral home and the luxuries whieh so exquisitely became her high-bied style of beauty, would it be an unforgiven sin to put the said cantankerous document in the lire, and hold one's tongue about it for evermore ? That was the thought which vaguely and mistily passed through the Cap t m's Celtic br tin, as he glanced from Mary to his wife. And it recurred, when Miss Lowry took her leave, with the cordial sweetness and unaffected grace which had captivated his admiration from the first moment he saw her. ClSAl'TEll XXXVIII. The passion of love, like the sunshine and the iain, falls upon the just and unjust. It distinguishes not between the ugly and the beautiful, the rich and the poor, the wise and the foolish. It inspi es all sorts and conditions of men either with light that trans figures, or fi. e that scorches; and furnishes the theme for more varieties of the human drama than are enumerated by Polonius— including the ' tragical - comical-historical pastoral, scene individable, or poem unlimited.' All the world is agreed that love, in the beautiful v oung damsels and noble youths of romantic aspect, is 'a fitting subjecifor poetic treatment; and that even in the humbler classes it may (any too rough and rustic details being duly kept in the back ground) inspire s * eet pastorals in prose and verse ; but the god knows no such limitations as his eulo gists. He is as universal as the air— nay, he seems to please himself by selecting the unlikeliest subjects for the full exercise' of his power. Obadiah Flagge would ( ertainly have been deemed an unlikely subject for love by nine persons out of ten. 'A* crafty customer;— a fellow who knew which side his bread was buttered ;- a cool card;— a regular Yankee humbug; a low schemer such were some of the epithets by which Obadiah Flagge was frequently - escribed. Even those who believed ia his power, not only to ' tall spirits from the vasty deep,' but t- make them come at his call, by no means credited the self-styled Doctor with any lofty qualities of mind or heart. It was curious, they said, to see how entirely the mediumistic power « as discon nected from moral or intellectual worth There were clearly certain occult physical conditions on which mediumship depended. Flagge was vulgar. Oh, yes, certainly ! He was ignorant, cunning, far from dis interested, possibly a habitual liar, probably unscrupu 1' us in eking out h:s genuine gifts by imposture ; — but he was a medium. One could not explain it. His most gullible clients delivered up the man's charact r to you without a struggle. Their candour end liberality in this respect were quite astonishing. So was their faith. But if you had told any of these same individuals that Obadiah Flagge wa6 an un happy lover, they would have laughed the statement to scorn. That, indeed, would have been too much for their credulity. Dr. Flagge ready to sacrifice bis interests for a romantic passion ? The idea was too absurd; — too unlikely. It would be a curious speer lation to inquire on what eome persons found their theory of probability. Experience would appear to have little to do with it, since facts loudly pronounced to be unlikely, are constantly occurring with most obstinate pertinacity. At all events love, impartial as the sua and the rain, cared nothing for the absurdity or unlikelihood of the notion, but caused Obadiah Flagge to endure many a heartache, many a hot and cold fit of hope and despair, and to thrill at the sound of a voice and the sight of a face, as much as if he had been handsome, noble, young, possessed of twenty thousand a year and the entree into the most aristo cratic society. He had felt something like timidity in anticipating what would be (Enone's mood when she discovered that he was living in the same house with her. Would she be angry ? Would she be disgusted ! Would she insist on removing herself from his neighbourhood? For three or four days he abstained from attempting to see her. Nay, once, when he thought she was passing down the stairs, he hastily shut the door of his sitting-r^om and hid himself— feeling afterwards very unreasonably disappointed when, on opening the door again in a second or two, and peeping out he saw, instead of (Enone, the eldest Czerno vie 'girl, who turned to smile and nod at him. But his self denial gave way after a short time, and he went upstairs to pay a visit to Papa Czernovie. CEnone received him with quiet indifference. Yes, she had It arned that he had lived in that h u?e, she ] said, almost immediately after her arrival there. Had she been angry? No; why angry? He could not help living there. It was a chance. It did not matter. Flagge tried to flatter himself that in this indifference there was some indication that CEnone was becoming reconciled to his presence. And being reconciled to his presence meant being, i:i some measure, reconciled to his suit. ' She knows right well that 1 keep on loving her, same as I keen on breathing, and if she can only get used to the idea 1 — If it was so dreadful to lier as she used to ay it was, surely she d never bear to see me con stantly around, and be so calm and gentle. She's kinder in h r ways to me than she was, too.' So ran Flagge's reflections in the main, although dashed here and there with fits of despondency. But he did not know that (Enone's calm endurance of his presence resulted chiefly fr.m the hope she nourished of speedily being carried far away from him, and from all the persons associated with her pre sent lile. She lived on the expecta ion of a letter from her father, and counted the days to discover when it would be possible to receive one from him. This hope had become the point on which her thoughts concentrated themselves, and it grew stronger day by day, and more over-mastering. It was an outlet, an escape, from troubles near at hand. There were very few topics connected with her life in Eng land which did not carry a sting in them for (Enone. The kind hands which had given her generous gifts had unconsciously brought poison with them. Friend ship and gratitude contended against jealousy and pride ; ar.d love itse'f had put a cup of bitterness to her lips. Her youth still asserted itself iu the eager ness with which 6he looked for her father's answer to her letter. Somewhere, at some time, lurking a long way off in the dim vistas of the future, there might be — if not happiness, yet— pence. The weakness of her body made her instinctively turn that hope into an image of rest, which in one more strongly animated by hea'th would have assumed the form of active en joyment. ' She 11 get used to the idea of me loving her,' thought l'large. The truth was that she was getting used to another and very different idea : ihe idea of an existence in far foreign lands, in a world apart from the world where she had known him. Her mental vision scarcely wandered from two subjects of contemplation ; in the past, Yin cent Maude and the scenes in her poor existence wherein he had figured ; in the future, her father, and the scenes she hoped to dwell amidst with him. About the present she concerned he. self but little. 'When her attention did rest on those around her, she felt as one feels who knows himself to be on the eve of an eternal separa tion. It is easy to tolerate that which we are about to part from for ever. Yet a little while, and all these figures would recede from her as the cities and the shore recede from a ship putting out to sea. There was a sof ening influence m the thought. And then moreover — (Enone was scarcely conscious of it, but there was a subtle balm for wounded pride and sensi tive egotism in the love so lavishly given to her by this man whom she looked down on. She told herself that she wished from her soul he did not love her: and she rold herself truly. But yet there was so much of unlieroie human nature in poor (Enone, that to know herself genuinely loved, even by Dr. Flagge, the medium was sometimes as a cordial draught to her spirit. Flagge, however, being ignorant of (Enone's hope of Raring England, did not guess that her gentleness to him was the gentleness of an eternal farewell. By degrees he took the habit of going to sit with her during the hours when the Czernovics were at their afternoon concert. He had discovered that there was one pleasure which he could give her — (Enone was passionately fond of flowers, and flowers iu a great city are a iuxuiy unattainable by narrow purses. Dr. Flagge daily brought a flower to (Enone. It did not cccur to her that in taking a dainty hothouse blossom from Dr. Flagge, she was accepting a costly gift. She was very ignorant of many of the details of daily life ; for although poverty is in general an efficient teacher as to the value of money, yet (Enone had been shielded from learning it by personal experience, thanks to the Czemovics. ' Doing with rut things' — pretty, pleasant, and artistic things — had made up the sum of her sufferings from poverty. The struggle to get nece saries with scanty means, she had never known. She had, indeed, an idea that elegant bouquets such as were thrown to a prima donna on the stage, or carried by 'a belie in a ball-room, were expensive luxuries. But a si uple Gardenia, or camellia, or white moes rose, or a bunch of lilies-of the-valley, suggested no thought of i s money-value to her. And then Flagge offered them in a quiet, matter-of-fact way. Sometimes he took tbem from the button-hole of his coat ; sometimes he brought them in his hand. Generally he would lay his flower down on the table beside her, or place it in a glass of water, without a word. Love is, perha s, a sti'.l more e'.licient teacher than poverty, and love had taught Flagge some s jbtle and delicate traits of behaviour towards (Enone. Three weeks had elapsed since a letter had beeu despatched directed in (Enone's handwriting to Signor Spiridion Balassopoulo, care of a Greek banker in Constantinople ; and the girl's impatient longing for an answer possessed her like a disease. But she con sumed herself in silence, being averse to taking any of the Czernovics into her inmost confidence, and having a proud disinclination to complain, under all circumstances. And so the days went by, and their chief incidents for (Enone came to be the appearance of Dr. Flagge and 1 is hothouse flower. ' Gues- you might come out of this everlasting old rat-trap, Nony, and get a b eath of air,' said he one day, as he placed an exquisite white hyacinth on the table beside which (Enone sat at work. ' Air ? ' she repeated, with a significant glance out of the window. ' Well, that's true, too,' returned Flange. ' 'Taint much of air, and less of sunshine that's to be had in this coaly climate. But to-day the atmosphere is a trifle more diluted than usual. I mean you might ladle it out with a spoon 'stead of cutting it with a chopper. And there's a patch of pale lemon-colour visible above the chimney tops, which the natives suppose to be the sun. And it fro ze in the night, and the ice in the parks will bear skaters. And alto gether it's what they call in these diggings a fine day. And I don't see as you mightn't as well come out for half-an-hour, any way.' ' No ; 1 shall not go out.' 'It would do you no good, Nony, Yeu look whiter than that hyacinth .' ' How sweet it is 1' she exclaimed, touching it — almost caressing it— with the tips of her fingers. ' And how beautiful !' 'I'm real glad you like it, Nony,' said poor Flagge, anxious to persuade liimself that her words implied some approbation of the giver as well as the uift. ' Like it ! No ; that is not the word. It is a poem ; a thing to be adored anl taken into one s heart. Things so 1 eautiful have something sacred in them.' After a moment or two, a sudden thought seemed to strike her, and turning to Flagge she asked abruptly, ' Where do you get these flowers?' ' Oh— where do I get 'em? I get 'en in Covent Garden, from a— friend - f mine.' ' Does he sell them ?' ' ' Well— net to me He used to supply the Duchess of Belturbet when she's in town, and he knows me right well. I never go by his store but he stick s a flower in my buttonhole. Sometimes I give him a cigar. But he ain't much of a s noker, ' 'But people do pay a great deal of money in London for such flowers as this,' persisted (Enone ' Well, I b lieve they do, when 'they can't get 'em for nothing,' returned Flagge coolly. Then he added, bending slightly forward, towards the flower whieh Glnone was still touching. ''Tis a prett) bit of moulding in wax real cunning ! ' But that the eulogiun was intended less for the hyacinth than for the delicate hand whi. h caressed it, the reader may perhaps divine, although (Fnone never guessed it. Then his g'.ance rested on her thin wan face ; and he reluctantly acknowledged to himself how sadly it was changed, and how the stamp of suffering had been deepened in it even within the last few weeks. ' I do wish you'd try to get out into the air, Nony,' he said once more. 'Why?' ' 'Ccs you look to be in need of it. You look — kinder fagged.' ' And why should you suppose that to walk out in these dreary btreets would make me look less fagged ? Besides, I can't walk now ; I get tired.' The words gave lum a sharp pain at the heart. ' Well, hut you ought to get the air, anyhow,' he said. 'If you were well wrapped up— I've got a buffalo robe somewhere, that 'ud do first-rate 'o cover you ove: in a carriage— you might have a ride.' 'Do you mean that I should take a drive? You are dre tming. How am I to take drives ? ' He would lain have answered, ' By letting me pay for them,' but he did not dare. ' Would y u drive with Miss Rosamond if she came here for pou?' ' They would not let her come. Besides this is all idle. 1 don't wish to go out. I am tired. I shall stay quiet here.' Flagge made up his mind that if the spirits retained any influence over Lady Lowry, they should induce her to 6end the carriage for (Enone before long. But he said no word of the sort. ' Why it's my belief as Eng and don't agree with you, Nony,' he observed. ' A warmer climate would set you up, famous.' The words touched a cord that was easily 6et vibrating. 'Yes,' she answered, with unusual quickness of response. 'Yes; another climate — sunshine— and gieat mountains or the sea to look at instead of these black crowded walls !' Flagge's face brightened. ' Guess that's jest about what's the matter, Nony,' said he eagerly. 'Sun- shine, and soft breezes, and the almighty big hills. California, now ; — there's not a climate in the world to beat California. And then the flowers ? !' But (Enone had relapsed into languid indifference, and did not respond. He sat watching her, and not speaking again until it should please her to speak, with an humble self- effacement that was the more eloquent from its cont'ast with the usual demeanour of the man. All at once (Enone raised her w nder ful dark eyes, and, looking full at him, asked, ' Do the spirits come to you in dreams ?' ' Why — no ; I can't say as they do. Although I have had queer dreams too, before now. ' ' Dreams of warning r' 'Sometimes.' ' Dreams that told you things you wished to know ?' Flagge paused for a second or two before answer ing. ' Look here Nony ! I remember of you saying something to me once about 6peaking the truth out at all hazards, and 1*11 do it ; — to you any way. I can't say as I've ever had dreams as were of any use or help to me. I ha ve b ad s trange kind of sensations in my sleep of being carried up out of my body, and floated around, and seeing myself lying there on my bed all the time. But whether it was really my spirit unloosened from, the flesh, or just a dream— I dunno. To some folks 1 wouldn't own as much, but I tell you the truth.' (Enone 6at with her hands folded over the sewing which she had let fall on her lap, looking at him ab stractedly. 'Y'ou never,' she said in a low voice, 'see a spirit that comes in your sleep to tell you things, that returns again in the same shape and with the same words, and that will not be disregarded or forgotten.' 'That's not a com in on case,' said Flagge. He was perplexed and surprised by her maimer. ' But it happens.' 'Yes? Well, — yes I I s'pose it may happen.' ' It has happened to me.' He instinctively retrained from exclaiming aloud, or showing auv strong emotion, but he was greatly sur prised, and' not a little curious. (Enone went on after an instant's silence. ' I tried for some time to put it out of my mind, and to think it merely a dream like another, that came by chance, and would cease by chance. But it persists. Ar.d, as I might not be here to speak my self— I — I have thought that perhaps I ought to tell some one — you perhaps.' She spoke in a musing tone, as if she were rather debating a question within her own mind than taking counsel of another. ' Nony,' said Flagge, ' I dunno as there's any thing I can do or say to be of use to you— I wish to God there might ! But if you will only let me try, you'll do me a kindness that I shall be grateful for f' His voice supplied any fervour that might be lacking in his wordis, and (j£none was startled back into haughty reserve in a moment. ' You can do n -thing for in e,' she answered. 'If the matter concerned myself I should not speak of it to you.' ' Y'ou're hard— cruel hard, Nony,' he said, while a quick flush of pain covered bis sallow face. 'I don't believe I've quite deserved that at your hands. If there's a man on earth who would hold his own feel ings in a tighter grip for fear of hurting yours than I've done, and do— — ! But I don't complain of that, Nony,' he added, hastily interrupting himself, 'nor I don't mean to reproach you. Whatever you say I ought to do, I'll try to carry it through. And if I there s anything you choose to confide to me, it'll be I kept safe and 6ilent until you give me leave to speak. I I can hold my tongue It ain't a common accomplish- I ment, nor yet an easy one ; but my life hasn't been I a common nor an easy life, and it's taught me that I anyliow.' I ' Y'es ; I think I ought to speak. I might not be at I hand by and by, and it might be too late ? ' I Flagge waited, leaning his head on his hand, and I looking, not at (Enone, but at the dull fite in the I grate. I 'See— you will promise me t) keep what I am I going to say secret ? ' I 'Yes, Nony; I could swear it if you liked, but if I you don't truri me without an oath, you wouldn't I trust me with one : and you'd be right enough, I too.' I ' Listen, then. The second night I slept here after I leaving Lowrys' home, I had a dream. I dreamt of I the old man who died, and whose will they are look- I ing for.' I Flagge moved one of his legs that was crossed over I the other with a quick jerk, and glanced for an instant I at (Enone. But he said nothing. I ' Well, I was not greatly impressed by that at I first, because my mind had been full of all the talk I about the will, and — and some one had been speaking I to me of it that very day ; and I thought that had I brought the dream. But the next night it tame again, I clearer and stronger ; and again the next night ; and I every night.' I ' Strange ! And do you see the old man ?' I ' I see a face, a pale wrinkled face, coming out of a I kind of mist. At first the face U6ed to be dim ; but I now it is clear and vivid like a transparent picture I with a light behind it.' I ' Why do i ou think, that the face is the face of Sir I Rupr rt Lowry ? ' I 'It is like a portrait of him that Miss Lowry I wears in a bracelet, only older, and, besides. I have an I irresistible, inexplicable conviction that it is he.' I ' Doe6 he speak r' I 'At first he did not; but la' terly he has spoken I every night, always saying the same words, in a I strange voice that seems to float in the air above his I head, instead cf issuing from his lips ' I 'What does he say:' said Flagge, almost iu a I whisper. He was greatly impressed and disquieted. I He had juggled wi h the supernatural as a conjuror I juggles with a pack of cards, but superstition lurks I in the dark corners of many a mind where reverence I has no abiding place. I ' He says, ' Search the walnut desk.' ' I ' The walnut desk ! That's in the study at Lowry I Place. I've heard Lady Lowry speak of it a score of I times!' I So had (Enone. And my lady had heard the I ' spirits' speak of it through Dr. Flagge's medium- I ship ; describing the study and the walnut-wood diBk I with considerable accu'acy, almost iu her own words, I to her great wonderment and admiration, and to the I confirmation of her faith in Dr. Flagge. I ' Now I think,' pursued Ginone, ' that the missing I will musz be in existence and must be there, and that I Sir Rupert lays upon me the charge of discovering it. I I think 60 ; but I may be wrong ; I may be the victim I of a delusion. I ask myself why I should be chosen I for this task? And then I remember that Lady I Lowry said that the communications from Sir Rupert I were generally given by me when I was in the mag- I netic sleep.' I Flagge winced a little. He knew how much of the I communications which he had been used to repeat to I Lady Lowry had really been uttered by CEnone. But I thi6 knowledge did not make him the less liable to be I impressed by CEnone's dream. He felt something like I the ghost-seer who, preparing to raise a counterfeit I phantom, is aghast at the unexpected and awful I apparition of a real one. Then, too, this discovery I opened to his imagination the possibility of extracting I much money from the Lowrys. It was a golden gate I to fortune ; or might be, if he dared to use it. He d felt his promise to CEnone as a trammel already. I ' What shall you do ?' he asked her abruptly. I 'I have tried to decide, but it is difficult. Y'ou I may think it easy enough. You may say, ' Go and I tell Sir Cosmo Lowry your dream simply and straight- I forwardly, and it will soon be known whether it be a I true revelation or not.' ' I 'No; I'm not sure as I should exactly say that,' I returned Flagge drily ; thinking within himself that I such ingenuous measures were not calculated for I dealing profitably with Sir Cosmo Lowry. Then he I said, ' As to the walnut desk, that's just the very I place they're suie to look in. My lady's head was I running on nothing else but that desk all the time.' I ' I do not wish to appear in the matter, I— do you I think the finding of the will w ould be bad for Mis6 I Lowry?' I ' She ain't likely to find it particularly pleasant to I lose money and house, I should think.' I ' I wish I had never known or heard about this. I I wish I had never known the Lowry's.' I ' I'd say so too, Nony, if it wasn't that I used to I see you there.' I ' Will you do this: will you keep yourself in- I formed of what goes on at Lowry Place, and will you, 1 if the paper they are in search of cannot be found, I urge them to look once agan in the walnut desk— I even take it to pieces ?' ' I ' Lady Sarah won't requ:re much urging to do I that, Nony ! If her 6;.ster- in-law '11 let her, she'll I pull the house to pieces rather than give up.' I ' Will you do what I ask ?' I ' If it's for your sake, Nony — yes ' I ' For the sake of right and justice.' 1 ' Well— no; I guess not. How do I know where I right and justice lie? I know (hat I'd do anything I on earth for you though. There's no element of un- I certainly about that !' ? After a short hesitation, (Enone agreed to let the ? matter rest on that ground. Flagge was triumphant ? at having gained so much, CEnone had begged him ? to do something for her 6ake. That meant a great ? deal, he thought. On her part, she reflected that'she I would soon be far away, and that it was not worth ? while to struggle for a word. ' And how soon may ? I tell Lady Lowry ?' asked Flagge, getting up off his ? chair. I ' As soon as you hea* the search has been vain, and ? has been given up.' I 'And, Nony— do let me ask you one question, ? wont you ?' fl 'Well?' I ' You 6aid a word about not being here by and by, ? and not being at haud to speak ; now I want to know ? if you've made up any plans, or what was in your ? mind, Nony. Y'ou must know how it weighs on mV I heart when I hear you talk like that. I can't help I it.' I (Enone paused for a minute looking at him. 'I 1 might die, you know,' she said, ' and carry the ? dream away with me.' I ' Die, Nony !' nil ' Yes ; dii you think I should never die ? But I there is no need to look so frightened. I should not ? be frightened— nor even sorry — if I were told that I I must die to-morrow. Go away now, please.' 1 And Flagge went away with a sense of oppression ? at Lis heart ; but with his brain busily occupied by 8 1 hundred schemes and conjectures. I 