GLEBE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Fon many years, members of the Presbyterian Church resident in the southern portion of the city and in the suburb of the Glebe, had felt the want of a church until about three years ago, when the Rev. Andrew Gardiner, with the co-operation of friends, commenced a cause in the large room of an hotel, which prospered, so much that very soon they resolved upon the purchase of a site whereon to build a church, at the corner of Parramatta Road and Glebe Point Road. A temporarv building was run up, and was opened in May, 1875 ; and some time ago a commencement was made in the creation of a permanent church. The basement having been built up to a level with the road, a public meeting was held on Saturday for the purpose of laying the corner stone. All things being in readiness, at the hour appointed, the Rev. A. Gardiner. M.A., the minister of the church, gave out, for singing the Psalm "All people that on earth do well," after which the Rev. Henry Macready read appropriate portions of Scripture, and the Rev. R. IH. Paterson, Moderator of tho General Assembly, engaged in prayer. The Rev. ANDREW GARDINER, M.A., minister of the congregation, then delivered the following address,-My Christian Friends.-We have met this afternoon to lay the corner stone of our new church. I rejoice to see so many present at such an occasion. Specially I would thank my ministerial brethren, and the members of other congrega- tions who are with us for the encouragement and support of their presence. For myself, I need not say that my heart is full when I think of the position we have now by the Divine blessing reached in our endeavour to build up a house in this part of the city for the 'worship of the God of our fathers. . Truly the Lord hath done good things for us, whereof we are, glad." Far be it from me to take the credit of what can been accomplished. It becomes us rather as Christian men and women to bless God, who has been with Us from the beginning, and who has enabled us to do what we have done. It becomes me also, on such an occasion as this, to thank you and many kind friends for your earnest and hearty co-opera- tion and your generous help. Without these any efforts of mine would have had little effect. But I have been sup- ported by you on all sides and in many ways. I know that a " band of men and women whoso hearts God has touched" have had this work in hand, and under God so well has it prospered that we are here to-day to lay not the foundation- stone, but the corner-stone of our new church, and to behold the substantial and beautiful edifice nearly half com- pleted. Now, as a number of friends are to take part in the proceedings of to-day, I shall not detain you long. I wish just to emphasize two words that any of us would use to describe the church we are building. It is a Presbyterian Church. I am not ashamed of the name, nor has one of us any reason to lie. Our Church has had a glorious history, and her glory has not departed. She is still witnessing for the truth as of old, and doing noble work for God in many lands. In our own day, as in the past, our people compare favourably with the members of any other communion in good citizenship, general intelligence, and up- rightness of life. We read the other day of some Churches that were thorns, and briars, and thistles, hut tho rather rough and far-fetched similes have no application to the Denomination to which we belong ; for though Pres- byterians generally hold their opinions strongly and utter them freely, as honest men should, yet in the main they have ever sought purity and peace and freedom and holiness and activity in the Master's service. No : we have no cause be ashamed of the name of Presbyterian. They have a wrong conception of the Presbyterian Church who speak of it as small and insignificant, or who hardly think us worthy the name of a Church, but call us dissenters. It is not so." In this country, where we are in the minority, It ls encouraging to remember that in America, in Britain, and on the continent of Europee our cause is very large, vigorous, and progressive. For example-, in a statistical paper which I examined the other day, I found that, including the Lutheran Church, which most closely resembles our own, there are in the world no fewer than fifty-five millions of Presbyte- rians, a number somewhat in excess of the aggre- gate of all other Protestant communions. This great Church has ever been distinguished for her devotion in the cause of education and all true progress. The curriculum of study for her ministers is longer than that of any other Church, and the subjects prescribed are more extensive. No; we are not ashamed of our con- nection with the great Presbyterian Church. We are not dissenters in any sense of the term, though we are often wrongly so described by thoughtless or ignorant or bigoted people. 1 rejoice to remember these things this day, and to realize that though we be so far removed from the head quarters of Presbyterianism, yet we are a portion of that large scion of the Church of Christ.. Think not that in all this I am cherishing a boastful spirit. Not in pride, but in gratitude to God," I speak this. Let these thoughts stimulate us in the work which God has given us here to do. Let us seek to be worthy of the great past of our beloved Church, and, in noble works of self-denial, and faith, and love, do again what our fathers have done. But does some one say - Is that the reason that you belong to the Presbyterian Church that it is a great and largo body ? By no means. We are Presbyterians because we believe our mode of worship and Church government and whole economy are most in accordance with New Testament teaching and example. Not that our Church is perfect-it has many faults, no doubt. But we believe it resembles most the primitive Church of the Apostles' times, and therefore we belong to it. We believe we could prove this assertion ; but this is neither the time nor the place for doing so. Suffice it to say, that in erecting this Presbytérien church, we believe "we are erecting a Bethel, a house of God,- where the Lord will condescend to dwell. We are not planting briars and thistles but a strong and fruitful tree. The other word I wish to impress upon you is that this is a Christian Church. Perhaps I have dwelt too much on our Presbyterianism, but it is not often I speak in that strain, and to-day I may be excused. Let us not forget that there is a nobler broader name by which, I trust this building will ever be distinguished. It is the name Christian. This is a Christian church we are rearing. It is a temple in which, strong and true Presbyterians though we be, no " ism" will be preached, but, God help- ing us, "Jesus only." Here the terms of communion will not bo connection" with any Church, or oven professed 'adherence to'nnv creed, but" living union with tile Lord Jesus Christ. . All thc endeavours of this congregation and ult tiic services of this church will bo entered on in Hi< niiiuei To no saint will this place be dedicated, but ti Him who is the Kin:r o; saints, thu Lord of all-n church o: Jesus Christ! To Him let ev.'rv stone bc holv. God grant lt may bo so, and that all who shall serve withit tho«' walla in iy bo loyal and true to Him, echoing in all their actions tho spirit of tho hymn wc sing this day " Thew 1» a name I love to hear, ? I love to slug its worth. It sounds liltejiitlsic in mine cur, Th.: stvci-'ts.s: name on catt'i." I trust, also, (hat this Church will he wurthv Hie great nami ol' Christian hy the- way it shill fullil what seems to mo tin great object of tho Church in ouv day-the bringing of met and women,'nnd biys and giris, "to Christ. In nil om endeavours may wo rover forget to keep (his oTerboforo us And God grant that in futuro yean» many will Imvo occa- sion to say of the church, the corner stone "of which wo an laving to-day, "I was born there." Again, I desire ti acknowledge th< goad hand of God In what has been neran plisluxl. Thurs still remains much ta ho done, but 1 bivi no fear it will bb done If He i,s with us. I thank God an- falle courage. Let us ga on unitedly, steadily, und heni'tily and liberally, each one doini; his shire of tho work ns in thi Hast, ¡ind soon our desired object will be gained, and tin Glebe Presbyterian Church will he completed. Mr. LtrrKJotiN, the chairman of tho committee o management, then handed to. Mr. John Paxton, J.P., r h-.iudeomo silver trowel and u highly ornamented mullet und, in thc natue ol' the conimilteo, requested that gentle- man to lay thi; stone. In tho cavity of a stpuo to underlie tho comer stone wai deposited a bottle, containing n copy of an address to be de- livered by Mr. Paxton, detailing tho histotv of tho Church n copy'of tho dav's ti¡/dii¿>¡ ilornina' Herald, of thi Witness, uni of tim -Protestant Stamfartl ; a list of th olllc-e-beirers of the church ; and a number of tho ciirrott coins of tho realm. The steno having been adjusted nut pli-.ced, Mr. PAXTON* said,- I declare, tlu's stine well and tnü; aid as tho corner- stone of ii church in connection wit: tho Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales, to ho desig- nated " The Qlebu Prcubvforian Church," in tho name o the Father, and ol' thc- Son. and of tba Holv Ghost;" ant proiecdei to say,-! trust it will' not be considered out o placo to take il retrospective view of whltt hal buen accom- plished since tho formation of tho Glebe congregation. Foi ii number of years the want of a Presbyterian church ii this populous district had been much felt. To meet tlu'i want, tho Rev. Andrew Gardiner, M.A., with tho advici nnd ro-opemtibu of n rW friends, . resolved ti establish a cause hsro in 1871. Mr. Gardiner began ti preach iii tho long room of the University Hotel, thia heine the Only place at till suitable. . It was Boon found to bo . too small. Besides, we were confined in out endeavours to tho Sibbath sen-ices, for, though wi had oyery convenience, yet wo could not in tha pliico carry on the other agencies of a Christian Church. A eommlttso was at once appointed td look out for u site, whicl resulted in tho purchase of tho block of laud upon whicl wo art now building1. Th« congregation also resolved to ' erect a temporary building on a part of the site not required . i for the pormnncut church. This temporary church, capablo -i of holding about 320 poison's, was comploted in six weeks, i nt a cost of over £i09, and on Sabbath, 23rd May, 1875. our minister preached the opening seimon from tho text, " Who, then, is willing to cons.'Crate lils service this day unto tho Lord." Avery interesting meeting of tho children, their parouls, nnd friends, was held for the purpose of forming n S ibbath-school ; ot the close of the meeting seventeen friends came forward and ottered (hair Borricos us teachers. [ On tho roll of tho Sabbttth-school thoro oro now SOO j children and 35 teachers. A ftw weeks aftir Mr. Gnrdiner was duly inducted to tho pastoral care of tho congregation by tho Presbytery of Sydney. TJp till this time nn interim session had hau tho spiritual oversight of tho church, but now six of our number were in duo form elected and inducted to the office of Iho eldership, und n session formed. Tho sacrament of tho Lord's Supper was dispensed for tho llrst time in the congregation on tho first Sabbath of September, 1875, when over ninety sat down. TlK'ie nro now fullv two hundred members 'on tho roll. A "Bible class has £13011 conducted every winter by tho minister, which has always been largely nttonded. This year there are fifty-three on tlie roll. Wo'bave also a woll üttended weekly prayer mooting, and a fortnightly special meeting for tho young. Tiros wo havo boil, nineo the opening of tbs temporary buildiug, in full operation all tho ordinary agencies of a Christian congregation with ct result whicVprovos that a Presbyterian church was greatly needed in this important district. At a congregational meeting hold on the 2'Hh January, 1S7G, n ulan for a handsome church and school by Mr. Thomas Howe, architect, was accepted, and, in accordance with a resolution passed at »lid meeting, tenders were called and accepted for tho erection of the wall3 of the permanent building up to the level of the street, and providing nnd fixing tho girders and joists of tho church floor, nt a cost 06 £1502, This contract was completed in February of this year. In April'last, tenders were called nnd accepted for tho completion of mason work nt a cost of £3231. which work, as you can all seo, Í3 progressing rapidly. The eutira cost, whoa completed, will bo over' £7000. And now to-day we have met to Lay tho corner stone of ' this beautiful building. " Per- mit ino to make a few remarks upon our Bnaneial position. At a congregational meeting ulready Toforrcd to. a scheme was udopted by which we gave up" the stipend fund for n time, behoving that tho offerings taken at the door, together with tho so'it-ronts, would meet nil our expenses, and in its stead to hive ono fund lo be called the Gleie Presbyterian Church Building Fund. It wns arranged that this fund should \» managed by twelve gcntlem:n collectors, who would call on ino congregation monthly and hand over receipts to the treasurer. We may mention, for tho benefit of otho.- congregations, that the gre it principle of tho schema wliich his been wrought so successfully is that uU persons connected with the church uro culled upou to give u monthly contribution nu:ording to their menus, ranglug in amount from ls. to 30s. In March lart a loan fund was sot in operation. By thia fund it was orranged that the congregation lend without interest £3005. to be paid bask by Instalments by means of the building fund which wo liav'o just explained. This loon scheme hus been so fur successful that £2300 of this amount has already been promise]. Tho lenders receive no receipt for their money, onV .seeing their name and tho nmonnt lent entered ina book kept for tho purpose. It is pleasing to notice the mutual trust and conddenco ns well os generosity which this implies. I dosire sincerely to thank you fur tho honour you have conferred ia inviting mo to lay tho corner stone, ônd for tho very handsome trowel and mallet Mr. Littlejohn has presented tomo on your behalf. It now remains for me to invito yon to como forward and hiv your offerings on tho stone. Though wo have bein enabled to do much, yet an important occasion like this should be marked bv corresponding libornlity. I r.ned not be mind you that tho man who gives not-ho who lives.a lift of mero selfishness, whoso every word and action centre around self-is out of gear with tho whole universe, T':s earth is tho Lord's and tho fulness thereof ; therefore, when wo give for tho erection 0" this church we only give back 3 portion of what He has given us. Just ono word to God's own poor. Do not bo downcast if vou cannoj giro mom-y. Roiuoinbcr we nood your prayers that our uuited aim may be to live and lnbour'for tho glory of God. So th.it at tho Inst great day this church HM) be recognised as the birlii placo of many an immortal soul. The scholars of the Sunday-school, in considerable num- ber, who had been for three or four weeks eollccfing iu nid of the building fund, placel their bags upon the stone. Another hymn was ming, and prayer was offered bv the Rev. Dr. M'Gibbmi. Tho Rev. Dr. .STEEL said that he rejoiced much in thc proceedings of this day. and in being permitted to take part therein, ns tho building of a church 111 this part of the city would bo the means of retaining in the Church 11 con- siderable number of tho rising generation, of which' tho sight of so many young people bein ï present, and placing their offerings lipon tho stone, might be taken ns a good omen of their love to tho Church ne well of the aid they would be expected to render in after life. The Rev. Principal KiN'noss then offered prayer, a para- phrase was sung, and the Roy. Dr. FfLLEiiTox'pronounced the benediction. The church is well situated, and the plan, ns exhibited in the drawing, ia well arr raged. Its dimensions arc 70 feet by 42, and will comfortably seat 450 persons on the ground floor, wdiilo tho spice below, of like dimensions, and an average height of 15 feet, will bc appropriated to school and vestry purposes. The dosign is from tho pencil of Mr. Thomar- Rowe, and the contractors for the remaining portion of masonry are Messrs. Black and Moore, tho basement having been erected by Messrs. Marshall nud Co. 