JjfoMist. A litocnt ©cjobisto|jbc(cs. " Tlio Tndcscrlliatile, lloro it is limit! ; Tho U'nin.iN-Scml loailotli us Upward anil mi !" — Second Part of Fau.tt. Vllt. " IIOMH nt last, thank Ueavoii !" exclaimed Canaris, aa tiiu door liit.tiu " forth a stream of light anil warmth intu tfiu chilly glootn of tho October night, Gladys mailc no answor but an upward look, which aootnoil to utt"r tho tender welcome ho had forgotten to give ; and, nestling hor hand in his, let him load her through the bright hull, up tho wide Btairway to her own domain. " As we return a little before our time, we must not expect a jubilee. Look about you, love, and rest. 1 will send Mrs. Bland presently, and tell llelwyze we are come." He hurried away, showing no .sign of the ennui which had fir fully betrayed itself during tho last week. Gladys watched him wist fully, then turned to see wh it homo was like, with eyes that brightened beautifully as they took in tho vuri-d charms of the luxurious apartments prepared fur her. The newly- kindled light filled tho room with a dussy Bplcndour ; for deepest crimson glowed every where, making her feel as if hIio stood in the heart of a great rose whose silken petals curtained her round with a eolnur. warmth. and fragrance which would render sloop a " rapture of repose." Womanlike, she enjoyed every dainty device and Bumptuous detail ; yet the smile of pleasure was followed by a faint sigh, as if the new magnificence oppressed her, or something much desired had beett forgotteu. Stopping carefully, like one who had no right tnere, she passed oil to a charming drawing-room, evidently intended for but two occupants, and all 'lie plea-anter to Iter for that suggoation. Pausing oil the threshold of another door, she peeped in, expecting to lind otto of those scented, satin boudoirs, which are litter for tho coquetries of a Parisian belle, than for a youog wife to hope, and dream, and pray in. But there was no splendour hero ; and, with a cry of glad surprise, its new owner took possession, wondering what gentle magic had guessed and gathered here the simple treasures she best loved. White everywhere, except tho pale green of the aoftly tinted walls, and the mossy carpet Btrewn with mimic snowdrops. A sheaf of lilies in a silver vaao stood on the low chim ney-piece above tho hearth, where a hospitable fire lay ready to kindle at a touch; and tiiis was the only sign of luxury tho room dis played, Quaint furniture, with no ornament except its owu grace or usefulness, gave tho place a houiidiku air ; and chintz hangings, fresh and delicate as green leaves scattered upon snow could mako them, seemed to shut out the world, securing the sweet privacy a happy woman loves. Gladys felt this instantly, and, lifting her hand to draw the pretty draperies yet closer, discovered a new surprise, which touched her to the heart. Instead of lookiug out into the darkness of the autumn night, site found a little woodland nook imprisoned botween the glass-door and tho deep window beyond. A veritable bit of th» forest, with slender ferns nodding in their sleep, hardy vines climbing up a lichened stnuip to show their scArlet berries, pine-needles pricking through the moss, rough arbutus loaves hiding coyly till spring Bhotild freshen their russ"t edges, acorns lookiug as if just droppod by some buay squirrel, and all manner of humble weeds, growing here as happily as when they carpeted tho wood for any careless foot to troad upon. These dear familiar things wero as grateful to Gladys ns the sight of friendly faces; and, throwing wido the doors, she knelt down to breathe witli childish eagerness the damp, freslt odours that camo out to moet her. " flow sweet of him to tuako such a lovely neat for mo, and then slip away before I could thank him," thought the tender-hearted creRture, with tears in the ejes that dwelt delightedly upon tliu tremulous inaiden-ltair bending to her touch, and the Hturdy grasses waking up in this new summer. A sound of opening doors dispelled her roverie ; and with girlish trepidation she hastened to smooth the waves of her bright hair, assume the one pretty dress she would Accept from Olivia, and clasp tliu bridal pearls about her neck ; then hastened down before tho somewhat dreaded Mrs. Bland appeared. It pleased her to go wandering alone through tho great house, warmed am! lighted every where ; for Helwyze made this i'is world, and gathered about hitn every luxury which taste, caprice, or necessity demand A marvel lously beautiful and varied homo it seemed to simple Gladys, as alto passed from picture- gallery to music- room, eyed wi'h artless wonder tho subdued in. iguificer.ee of the salon, or pausod enchanted ill a conservatory whose crystal walls enclosed a fairyland of bloom and ver ure. Hero and there Bhe came ir on Home charac teristio whim or arrangome.i., which mad- her -mile with amusement, or sigli with pity, rtMn-'mbering tho leoiuso who tried to choer his Hulitude by these devieeH. One recess oeld a single picture glowing with the warm splendour of till) Kast. A divan, a Terdi ui rug, an amber-mouthed narijileh, and a 1 iirkish C'llli'b service, all gold and scarlet, completed the illusion. In another shadowy oinik tinkled a little fountain guarded by one white-limbed nymph, who seemed to watch aith I'l.u.-id interest the curious sca-creaturcs peopling tie.i basin below. The tliird showed a study-chair, a shaded lamp, and certain lav.iurue hooks, left open, as if to be taken up ag .ill when the mood returned. lu one of these places Gladys lingered with fresh compassion stirring at her heart, though it looked the least invitiug of them all. Behiutl ' lie curtains of a window looking out upon die bro id street on which the mansion faced stood a single chair, and nothing more. " lie shall not be so lonely now, if I can interest or arouse hitu," thought Gladys, as slur tooki-d at the worn spot in the carpet, tlie crumpled cushion on tho window-ledge; mute wituossss that llelwyze felt draw towards his kin, and found sumo solace in watching the activity ho could no longer share. Knowing that she should fiurl him in tho library, where most of his time was Bpent, she Boon wooded her way thither. Tho door stood hospitably open ; and, as slio approached, site saw tho two men standing together, marked, as never before, tiie sharp contrast between them, and felt a glow of wifely pride in the young husband whout she was learning to love with all tliu arduur of a pure and touder soul. Canaris was talking eagerly, as ho turned the leaves of a thin manuscript which lay between them. Heiwyzs listened, with his eyes fixed rut the speaker Bo iutently that it startled the uuw-comer, when, without a sound to warn him of iter approach, lie turned suddenly upon iter with the smile which dazzled, without warming, those on whom it was shed. " 1 have beon chiding this capricious fellow for the haste which spoils the welcome I hoped to give you. But I pardon him, since lie brings the sunshine with hitn," he Bsid, gniug to meet her, with genuine pleasure in iti.s face. " I could not have a kinder wolcome, air. 1 was glad to come ; Felix foared you might be needing him." " So duty brought him back a week too -non A poet'd honeymoon should bo a long one; I regret to bo tho cause of its abridg ment." Something iu tim Hatiric.il glimmer of his eye mule Gladys glance at hor husband, who spoke out frankly — "Ttiore were oihor reasons. Gladys hates a crowd, and so do I. Bid weather made it impossible to be romautic, bo we thought it best to come home and be comfortable, " 1 trust you will be ; but I have little to offer, since tho attractions of half-a-dozen cities could not satisfy you." ' Indeed, wo should bo most ungratoful if we were uot happy here," cried Gladys, eagerly. " Only let me be usoful as well as happy, else I shall uot deserve this lovely tiome you give us." " She is anxious to begin hep ministrations, and I can recommend hor, for she is quick to learn one's ways, patient with one's whims, fruitful in charming devices for amusement, and the best of comrades," said Canaris, drawing hor to him with a look more grateful than fond. "Krim that speech, and other signs, I infer that Felix is about to leave me to your tender mercies, and fall to work upon his new book ; since it st'outs he could not resiet making poetry when he Bhould have been making love. Are you not jealous of the rival who steals hitn from you, even before the honeymoon has Bet?" asked Heiwyzs, touching the littlu manuscript before hitn. " Not if she makes him great, and 1 can on l.'ti liJtti li'inntt " ntianrafAfl fvlAfll'H. Wll.h IIT1 air of perfect, content and trust. " I wart; you, tho Muse is a jealous mis tress, and will ofton rob you of him. Are you ready to give him up, and resign yourself to more prosaic companionship ?" Why need I give hiui up? He says I do not disturb him when he writes. He allowed me to sit beside him while he made these lovely Hongs, and watch them grow. He even let me help with a word sometimes, and I copied the verses fairly, that he might see how beautiful they were. Did I not, Felix ?" Gladys spoke with Hitch innocent pride, aud looked up in Iter husband's face so gratefully, that he could not but thank hor with a caress, as he said, l aughing — "Ah! that was only play. I've had my holiday, anil now I inuat work at a task iu which no otto cau help ine. Corno and sec the deti where I shut mj-Belf up when the divine frenzy seizes mo. Mr. Helwyzo is gaoler, and only lota me out when I have done my stint." Full of some pleasurable excitement, Canaris led his wife across the room, threw open a door, and bade her look in. Like a curious child, she peeped, but saw only a small, bare cabinet tic travail- " No room, you see, even for a little thing like you. None dare enter here without my keeper's leave. Remember that, else you may faro like Bluebeard's Fatima." Canaris spoke gayly, aud turned a key iu the door with a warning click, as he glanced over his shoulder at llelwyze. Gladys did uot see the louk, but something in his words seemed to disturb her. " I do not like this place, it is close and dark. I think I shall nut want to come, even if you arc hero ;" aud, waiting for no reply, she stepped out from the chill of the unused room, as if glad to escape. " Mysterious iutuitiou ! Bhe felt that we had a skeleton in here, though it is Bitch a little one," whispered Canaris, with an un easy laugh. " Such a sensitive plant will fare ill between us, I atn afraid," answered Helwyze, as he followed Iter, leaving tho other to open drawers and settle papers, like one eager to begin his work. Gladys was standing in the full glare of the fire, as if its cheerful magic could exercise all dark faui'ies. Helwyze eyed the white figure for an instant, feoling that his lonely heath- stone had acquired a new charm ; then joined her, saying quietly — " This is tho place where Felix and I havo lived together fur nearly two years. Do you like it " More than I can tell. It does not seem strange to me, for he has often described it ; and when I thought of coming here, I w.rb more curious to see this room than any other." " It will he all tho pleasanter lioncoforth if l'elix can spare you to mo sometimeB. Come and seo the corner 1 have prepared, hoping to tempt you here when he shuts us out. It ii-ed to be his ; so you will liku it, I think." I relivyzo paced slowly down the long room, Gladys hesidu hitn, saying, as she looked about her hungrily — ' Sn many books ! aud, doubtless, you have read them all ?" "Not quito; but you may, if you will. See, here is your placo ; como often, and be sure you never will disturb me." But one book lay on the little table, and its white cover, Bilver lettered, shone against the dark cloth so invitingly that Gladys took it up, glowing with pleasure rb she read her i own name upon the volume she knew and loved so well. " For me ? you knew that nothing else would be so beautiful and precious. Sir, why a are you bo generous ?" "It amuses me to do these little things, and you must lutmonr mo, in Felix does. You shall pay fur them in your own coin, so there need he no -rnso of ohlig ition. 11 ' satisfied I shall g"t the best, of 'he har.-nitt." Before site could reply, a s-rvant appeared, announced diuner, and vanished .is noiselessly as he came. " This has been a bachelor establishment so long that we are grown careless. It' you will pardon all deficiencies of costume, wo wi 1 not delay installing Madame Canaris in the place she does us the honour to fill. " But I am not the mistress, sir. I'lease change nothing; my place at homo was a very humble one; 1 am afraid I cinnot ltd the now one as I ought," stammered Gladys, somewhat dismayed at the prospect which the new name and duty suggested. " You will have no care, except for us. Mr.s. Bland keeps the michim-ry running Bmoothl v, and wo lead a very quiet life. My territory ends at that door ; all beyond t" yours. I chiefly hauut this wing, but sometimes roam about below Htaira a little, a very harmless ghost, so do not be alarmed if you should meet me." Helwyzo spoke lightly, and tapped at the door of the den as lie passed. " Como out, slave of the pen, and be foil." Canaris came, wearing a pre occupied air, and sauntered after them, as Helwyze led the now mistress to her place, shy and rosy, but resolved to do honour to hor husband at all costs. Her first 'act, however, gave them both a slight shock of surprise ; for the instant they were seated, Gladys laid her hands together, bent her head, and whispered Grace, as it oboying a natural impulse to aHk Heaven's blessing on the Grst bread she broke in her new home. The effect of tho devoutly simple act was characteristically Hhowtt by the three observers. Tho servant pauBod, witli an uplifted cover iu his hand, respectfully astonished ; Canaris looked intensely annoyed , and Helwvze leaued back with the suggestion of a shrug, as ho glanced critically from the dimpled hands to tho nugget of gold that shone againBt the bended neck. Tito instant she looked up, the man whisked off the silver cover witli an air of relief ; Canaris fell upon hift bread like a hungry boy, and Helwyze trauquilly began to talk. " Was the surprise Felix prepared for you a satisfactory one ? Olivia aud I took pleasure in obeying his directions." " It was lovely ! I havo not thanked him yet, but I shall. You, also, Hir, iu some bettor way than words, What made you think of it?" alio asked, looking at Canaris with a mute request for pardon of her involuntary offence. Glad to rush into speech, C maris gave at some length the history of his fancy to repro duce, as nearly as he could, the little room at home, which Bhe hail described to hint witli regretful minuteness ; for she had sold every thing to pay tha debts which were the sole legacy her father left her. While they talked, Helwyze, who ate little, was observing both. Gladys looked tnoro girlish than ever, in spite of tho mingled dignity and anxiety her quiet but timid air betrayed. Cauaris seemed in high spirits, talking rapidly, laughing often, and glancing about him as if glad to be again where nothing iuharmonious disturbed his taste and comfort. Not till desert was on the table, however, did ho own, in words, the feeling of voluptuous satisfaction which was enhanced by the memory that he had been rash onongh to risk the loss of all. " It is not so very terrible, you see, Gladys. You eat aud driuk like a bird ; but I know you enjoy this as much as 1 do, after those detestable hotels," lie said, detecting an expression of relief in his young wife's face, aB the noiseless servant quitted tho room for the last time. " Indeed I do. It is ho pleasant to have nil one's senses gratified at once, and the common duties of life made beautiful and eaBy," answered Gladys, surveying witli table which had that air of accustomed elegance bo grateful to fastidious tastes. " Ah, ha ! this littlo ascetic of mine will become a Sybarite yet, aud agree with me that enjoyment t's a duty," exclaimed Canaris, looking very like a young Btochus, as he held up his wine to watch its rich colour, and inhale its bouquet with zest. " The more delicate tho aeuses, the more delicate the delight. 1 suspect Madame finds her grapes aud water ns delicious as you do your olives aud old wine," said Helwyze, finding a still more refined satisfaction than either in the pretty contrast between the purple grapes and the white fingers that pulled them apart, the Boftly curling lips that wero tho rosier for their temperate draughts, and the unspoiled simplicity of tho girl sitting there in pearls and shimmering silk. " When one has known poverty, and the sad shifts which make it seem uitau, as well as hard, perhaps one does unduly value these things. I hope I Bha'l not; but I do find them very tempting," alio said, thoughtfully eyeing tho new Bceno in which she found horself. Helwyze seemed to be absently listening to the musical chime of silver against glass ; but he made a note of that hope, wondering if hardship had given her more of its austere virtue than it had her husband. " How shall you resist temptation ?" he asked, curiously. "I Bhall work. This is dangerously pleasant; so let me begin at once, and siug, while you take your coll'ee iu the drawing- room. I know the way : come when you will, I shall bo ready ;" and Gladys rose with tho energetic expression which often broke through her native gentleness. Canaris held tho door for her, aud was about to resume his seat, when Helwyze checked him — " We will follow at once. Was I uot right in my prediction ?" he asked, ns they loft the room together. " That wo should soon tire of each other ? You wero wrong in that." " I meant the ease with which you would soon learn to love." "I have not learned yet." "Then this vivacity is a cloak fur the pangs of remorse, ia it ?" and Helwyze laughed inoredulously. j " No : it ia the satisfaction I already fee in tho atonement I moan to make. I have a grand idea. 1, too, shall work, aud give Gladys reason to be proud of me, if nothing more." Something of her owu enorgy was in his mien, and it became him. But llelwyze quenched the noble ardour by Baying, coldly, " I seo; it is the old passion under a new name. May your virtuous aspirations be blestl" IX. Helwtze was right, and Canaris found that his stid len marriage did stimulate public interest wonderfully, There had always beon something mysterious about this brilliant young man and his relations with his patron ; who wttB us silent as the Sphinx regarding his past, and tantaliziugly cuiginRtic.il about his plans and purposes for the future, 'l'uo wildest speoulatious were iudulged in ; many believed them to be father and sou ; others searched vainly for the true motivo of this charitable caprice; aud every one waited with curiosity to see the end of it — all of which much amuBod llelwyze, who cared nothing for the world's opinion, and found his Hettse of humour tiokled by the ludicrouB idea of himself in the new rale of benefactor. The romance seemed quite complete when it was known that the young poet had brought hiiine a wife who's ratent, youth, aud isola tion seem-il in render Iter peculiarly fitted j for his m ile. I Thouzh i- ive was lacking, v.mirv was strong in I'mari". and wat era.ilied by the I'oininen'ia.i'U'. bestowed on tile new orn.im"tit he wore; 1 >r ,i - suGi simple Gladys w con-tdi-red. and shone wit.ii reflected In-tr-, her liner gifts and graces quite eeltpsul hv lii.a more cun-pieuons and seit-as-erling ones. NVi'ii nuq lestioning d'H'ilit v she gave her self into his h ttitis, following where no 1 1 1 low, Iilieying his lighl—c wish, an I lining I, mi with a devotion which k-pt alive regret ful tenderness when it should hive cherished a loyal love. 11- id.'.diy took her into all the g lyely which lor a time surrounded them, and site enjoyed it with a girl's fresh delight. He showed her wise and witty people whom alii! admired or loved ; and she look-el and listened with an euthiisi ist.'s wonder. He gave her all he had to give — novelty and pleasure; though the one h.el lost its gloss lor him, and too much of the other he was forced to accept from Helwyze's hands. But through all the experiences that no.v rapidly befell her, Gla iys was still herself; innocently happy, stauchly true, characteristic illy independent; a mountain stream, keeping its tv iters pure and bright, though mingled with tho swift and tumid river which was hurryiug it toward the sea. Curiosity being satisfied, society soon found some fresher novelty to absorb it. Women still admired Cauaris, but marriage lessened his attractions lor them; men still thought hitn full of promise, hut wtiro fast forgetting tim first successful effort which had won their applause; and : lie young lion found that he must roar loud aud often, if lie would not ho neglected. Shutting himself into his cell, he werked with hopeful energy for Hever.il mouths, often coming out weary, but excited with the joyful labour of creation. At such times there was no prose any whore; for heaven aud earth were glorified by tho light of that inner world, where imagiu ition reigns, and all things are divine. I hen lie would tie in the gayest spirits, and carry Gladys oil to some hour of pleasant relaxation at theatre, opera, or ball, where llattery refreshed or emulation inspired him ; and next day would return to his task with redoubled vigour. At other times his fickle mistress deserted hitu, thought would not soar, language would not sing, poetry lied, and life was unutter ably " fiat, stale, and unprofitable." Then it was Gladys, who took possession of hint ; lured him out for a brisk walk, or a long diive iuto awhulesomer world than that into which he took her ; sung weary bruiu to sleep with the sweetest lullabies of brother hards ; or made him merry by the display of a pretty wit, ivhieli noue but be knew she could exert. With wifely patience ami womanly tact she managed iter wayward but beloved lord, till despondency yielded to her skill, anil tho buoyant spirit of hope took hitu by tho hand, and led him to his work again. Iu tlte interval between these fits of intel lectual intoxication and succeeding depres sion. Gladys devoted herself to llelwyze with a faithfulne.-s which surprised him and satis- lied iter ; for, as slio Haiti, her " bread tasti-il hitter if she did uot earn it." He had expected to bo amused, perhaps interested, but not so charmed, by this girl, who poasesied only a single talent, a modest share of beauty, aud a uiind ns untrained as a beautiful but neglected garden. This last waH t la o real attraction ; for, finding her hungry for knowledge, he did uot hesitate to test her taste aud try her mental tnott le, by allowing her free range of a largo tiud varied library. Though not a scholar in the learned seuso of the word, he bad the eager, sceptical nature which interrogates all things, yet believes only in itself. This had kept hitn roaming solitarily up and down the earth for years, observing men aud mannerB ; now it drove hitu to books ; and, as suffering aud seclusion wrought upon body and braiD, his choice of muto companions changed from the higher, healthier class, to those who, like himself, leaned towards the darker, sadder side of human nature. Ltiv- less here, as elsewhere, he let his mind wauder at will, aH unco he had let his heart, learning ton late that both are sacred gifts, aud c.tuuot safely he tampered with. All was so fresh and wonderful to Gladys, that her society grew very attractive to htm ; and pleasant as it was to have her wait tt on him with quiet zeal, or watch her busied in ' her own corner, studyiug, or sewing, with the little |has!;et beside her! which gave such a homelike air, it was still pleasanter to havo her sit and read to him, wliih' he watched this face, so intelligent, yet so soft ; studied tiiis mind, at once seusitive anil sagacious, this nature, both serious and ardeut. It gave a curious charm to his old favourites when she read them ; aud many hours he listened contentedly to tho voice whose youth made I Montaiguo's worldly wisdom seem tho 1 shrewder ; whoso music gave a certain sweet ness to Voltaire's bitter wit or Carlyle's rough wisdom, where pitying wonder added pathos to tho melancholy brilliancy of Heine 1 aud De Quincy. Equally fascinatiug to him, aud far more dangerous to her, were George Sand's passionate romances, Goethe a dramatic I novels, Hugo aud Sue's lurid world- pictures of Buffering aud siu, the haunted world of Shakspeare and Dante, the poetry of Byron, Browning, and Poo Rich food and strong wine for a girl ,of eighteen ; aud Gladys soon felt the effects of I such a diet, though it was hard to resist, when duty seconded inclination, aud ignorance hid the peril. Shu often paused, to question witli eager lips, to whipe wet eyes, to protest with | indignant warmth, or to Bhiver with the pleasurable pain of a child who lougs, yet dreads, to hear an exciting Btory to the end. llelwyze answered willingly, if not always wisely ; enjoyed the rapid uufoldiug of the woman, and would uot deny himself any int'ulgencejof this now whim, though conscious that tho snow-drop, transplanted suddenly from the free, fresh spriug-time, could not live in tiiis clo.-e air without suffering. This was the double life Gladys now began to lead. Heart and mind were divided between the two, who soon absorbed every fueling, every thought. To the younger man Hhe was a teacher, to the elder a pupil ; in tlte one world Bhe ruled, iu the other served unconsciously u, tuarts snrrcct emotion to its depths, consciously Helwyze stimulated intellect to its heights ; while the soul of the woman, receiving no food front either, seemed to sit apart in tliu wilderness of its new experience, tempted by evil as well as sus tained by good spirits, who guard their own. One evening this divided mastery was especially felt by llelwyze, who watched the young man's iutlueuco over his wife with a mixture of interest and something like jealousy, as it was evidently fast becoming stronger than his oivtt. Sitting in his u-tul place, he saw Gladys Hit about the room, brushing up the hearth, brighteuing the lamps and putting by tho finished books, as if the day's duties were all done, tho even ing's rest and pleasure honestly earned, eagerly wailed for. He well knew that this plea sure consisted iu carrying Canaris away to her owu domain ; or, if that were impossible, she would sit silently lookiug at him while lie road or talked iu his fitful fashion on any subject his master chose to introduce. Tito desire to make her forget tlte husband, whoso ueglect would havo Borely grieved her if his genius had not been his exeuao in her eyes for many faults, pussesseil Helwyzo that night; aud he amused hiuiseli by tho effort, becoming more intent with each failure. As the accustomed hour drew near, Gladys took her placo on tho footstool before the ohair eet ready for Felix, and fell a musing, with iter eyes on the newly replenished fire. Above, tin: uuigtiited fuel lay black aud rough with h"ro and there a deep rift opening to tho red core beneath ; while to and fro danced many coloured dimes, as if bout on some eager quest. Many fitshed up the chimney, and were gone; others died soli- t.oiiy iu dark corners, witeie no he.it fed them ; and some vanished down the chasms to the fiery world below. "ue golden spire, tremulous and translu cent, bunted with a brilli-nee which attracted tin eye ; and, when a wandering violet 11 ante joined it, Gladys followed their motions witli tn'erest, seeing in them images oi Felix and herself, for childish f.tucy aud womanly insight met and mingled in all she thought and felt. Forgetting that she was not alone, she lu mo i forward, to watch what became of them, as the wedded llames fliokered hero aud there, uow violet, now yellow. But the brighter always seemed the Btronger, and the sad-coloured one to grow more aud more goldou, as if yielding to its sunshiuy mate. " I hope they will ily up together, out into the wide, starry sky, which is their eternity, perhaps," she thought, smiliug at her owu eagerness. But no ; the golden flame flew up, and left the other to take ou many shapes anil colours, as it wandered here and there, till, just as it glowed with a spleudid crimsou, Gladys was forced to hide her dazzled eyes and lo ik no I mure. Turning her flushed faco away, she found llelwyze watcliiug her as inteutly as site had watched tliu Ure, aud, reminded oi his presence, site glanced toward the empty chair with an impatient sigh for Felix. ' Von are tired," ho sitil, answering the sigh. " Mrs. Bland told ine what a notable bousewife you aio, aud Itow you helped hor set the tipper regions to rights, to-day. 1 fear you did too much." To be continued.) 