THE MYSTEEIES OE . CRIME; ; ■ ': OBj - The Experiences of ah Eddtbijbgb DETEOTIVE.-r-N'o. CX. [Published by special arrangement with the i" Author.] A SPOT OF BLOOD. Circumstantial evidence, though still • accepted in our law courts,,is very pro • perly viewed with great suspicion and re " serve;- In'the last century it was different, ' sind we have records of many cases where '/persons perfectly innocent suffered the f .'extreine penalty of the law for murders "'never 'committed. In the case entitled " «Self-Accused" I have shown how; even 1 In bur/'owii day, a man, though innocent, iriighthaveheen brought in guilty of - man slaughterat least; but in the case'I amnow ' about to give it would have required' the ~ easy principles of justice. peculiar; to a much earlier period to'have ensured a con : victiom' Yet: the • cage -was both peculiar -and suspicious, though it -is more on ac ; count of . a deeper interest surrounding the J: incidents that I give; "it place here. - Out side the notes which I -now mean-to sub scribe1 I find that I -have scribbled j at the time the words/ " Intensely human," and on looking them over now, after the •lapse of so many years, I find no occasion \- to obliterate or alter the criticism. A short distance south of Edinburgh,'on the brow of the rising grounds, there stands a quiet little village, which boasts of only one tavern. It is a sunny little spot, where people take life easily, and grow to be old men and women, and where events like the following only occur once in a century, and then cause more excitement and confusion than would the overthrow of an empire in \- the great world outside. The village had grown into existence on either side of the public road; and along this road the com fortable and canny proprietor of the one • tavern in/the place was gazing curiously one • evening in August, shading' !his • eyes'" from the full blaze of. the sun ^ as - hb did so. The thing'that attracted ' his eye was a tramp .limping, wearily and •vpamfcdly^toWards him; though why this > tramp- attractedhim particularly it wpuld -haW puzzled'him to tell; for tramps were \- -'ag common; on .that road as the dead leaves :-4bat cfeme~l?owiing.past his door in. autumn. The ablaze" of" the. sunlight was between fs them? iarid that to: some extent acted as a . rscreento the approaching tramp. Had the atrangeiv; been a gentleman in appearance \- the ilandlord of course would at once;have r.iietired to allow him- either to enter unem-' ] barrassed or pass on; but no landlord would '/everExpect:a weary arid worn thing like that to enter a tavern, "except.'perhaps to ■beg, so he stared: on unabashed. /Besides, "the publican/had .a deeper, interest in the ■ 'i strangerrrrhB had a good memory-for.faces,; and the first glimpse at that of the tramp 7 'had given him the idea that he had seen it j, i)efore#rhappier, rounder, and' less aged, but the same face—and he wished to. decide -time'arid place before the tramp trailed by, i ;cand was lost to sight; • ! But the man did not trail past. !He walked' straight up .'to the tavern door, \- -nodded! sKghtly, and attempted to push by :;?thel landlord "into.-the :house.'- The . pro jprietor TmovecL .slowly ; in to await the stranger's commands,- scanning the features "keenly, and"uncertain whether to serve him or not. . /1 : a. The stranger:sea£ed himself familiarly in f'-a.ihttle riookiyfiehi'nd ;tbe.; window,' and I stretched.himself.out/ with a' long. sigh, ai r':f! I wantrs'oinething to eatWa bit ofr cold meat .or bread and cheese.—anything! you have handy, and a glass of - beer; I'm very /tired/fo;: ./ ."v. iiiv." • ' 1:-! The publican-moved .slowly to execute the.command/ and; lingered, overthe cutting! of the meat. The other seemed,to read the :| . signs like'a flash, f or rhe roughly drew out a .handful of money, sayings.. j ..." Be' quick II: have' plenty to pay it -With." ; ---—■■•</ •• The meal was very ninthly and swiftly ■ placed before him; r and then . the-, landlord' | ; turnedaoff dhe- suspicionowith.ia -Temark \- about the weather.!,, o /-Kw ' - 7 \- Yes/itis hot,":.:said the. stranger.- , "I' | jhave.feit.it to-day, .arid I'm:not so- strong: either." "7 -f,i Have you come far/riirf ."-.deferentially put in.th'epublicatn/.wHo- had-iinow,takenr i-'the"measure of his customer, -and -decided.' Kthat-he was novordinary tramp. . : ! The other stopped in his !eating, looked; 'tberpublicari;full'iri: the^faceiin: a -curiojis, dreamy fashion,'and ithen sighed outr- ; fi Kr/fYesimiongway^'ixiattersf sixteen or : -severitieeri:'thousarid' miles." " /Tbe7.alandldrd - caught:,bis •'breath, and' lapkedl ogtill t' wbfe? -earnestly! j into the ! Btrarigrir'ffgrizzled faeb. ! There.was' an odd r'Hri^/ni^her-voice ilhat -'toot his:., "memory fb'a'ekwards-irito times.'goriebyi'1 ~thei r oj/riphaW^'arid^ goodvmany. morevplaces ,1 1 as- ^wfell/1-answercdo/the' 'tramp', ^thought- I , fully, resting and •playingwdtfc the ipoipt:of the knife on the hard deal table before him j' I've been a wanderer; on the face of the " | earth, hut I am weary of it now, and have come back at last.;, j Don't, you know, .me, Bob Mackintosh and in looking up the stranger smiled faintly for the first time, i "I do seem to know your face and your voice, a. little, but I. : see , j so "many, ;f aces,' -eagerly .put in: Macintosh! Wlio.fare your P" " David Gardner." .; ; , : :: " Never!", The, start of. the landlord was real and fihaffecte.<L' TGobd lord 1 man, they said you-weredead„ seven—ay, 'ten., years ago." V • . . ' ■ , ' "I know' that. I was glad of it, too', at the time,.for I-thought I was dead to this country and all in it, for ever. But'yo.u, see for. yourself that the report, was not true," ) YesT-but. your wife.'. ■" the landlord got out, and then, he stopped uneasily. ' ""Well, ' out"'..'with .it, ^liat'' of, her ?"— .coolly?putinikestranger.,';.'r.j : .'. ~ "f'rShe's married aghin^been tliisie.ight or ■ nine'yeafs,'.' V ; ' ; .- heard that tbo;",quietly'returned,the ' .stranger,' taking a sip at the beer before liiin, " ToJ amesf Neilson, too,; the man j whpm. she always hated,Vand. of whom T was foolish ehoiigh to be jealous at ope, . time. Well, I don't blame her, or him' either. Perhaps they're happier together^ " than ever we were," ,, ; ; " ' " They do sebin happy-r-a , quiet, even-; going_pair," rejoined Mackintosh.' :' ! "But she is my wife for all1 that ?". put in Gardner, with" a twinge of agony in his j tone and expression. All the laws in the. world cannot separate inan; and wife—at least till the man is a great deal worse than I have been,". . : * , Mackintosh remained gravely silent. ? " I know what you're thinking 'of," said Gardner, rather' bitterlyv "'' You're think ing, of how cruellyT iised her ; and' of the stories which went: about that'I killed my "own bairn in my passion. ^Perhaps ypu heard, too, that I. got into^trouble - but yonder and was sentenced to seven years pn the roads. Well, there's/some truth in! it I all," his voice was quivering now, and the ' words came' out; with" something like a groan.' " I have been a scoundrel, and have come home broken-down and useless.: Yet I mean to go and see her ;T am her hixshand yet. She may spit' on me, despise me, hound me off if she so please; but there is one thing she cannot do-1—quench the love for her that still burns herej" and he smote his breast sharply.' "I have tried for twelve long years to root it but, tried :to learn to hate lier, butit was like fighting with fate—I could not do it; Yes, I would: like to see her. . You see, Bob, she is bufnt' into my heart, and. will remain there Till this weary;. struggle is over," and ;he tremblingly covered his face' with' his hands, and allowed his head: to sink on the table.""' ' " V." '• i There was a silence after this, broken only by the buzzing of the flies against the window close to him, and the placing j or adjusting of the tumblers which Macintosh had gravely begun to polish. - ! " Yours has been a strange life," said the publican, at last, not with coldness or un kindness, hut sadly and feelingly. "It has; I'have drifted all over the world. The passion for wandering is pretty well worn out of me now," wearily responded' the other, "and they say there is no place like home. "I don't think I'll he a long liver, so I thought I'd come here." , " It'll he an awful blow to Neilson," said' Mackintosh, " and her, too, perhaps. . Yet I don't know—women are strange beings, and you never know when you have them or when you havVt." ... i " Right, Bob; I'm going to- find that' | out;" and Gardner [rose and brushed his ' knees with more alacrity and.firmness than he had yet showm ''But just one.thing for old acquaintance sake—don't' mention to any one about' me being .here for q, while —it would only rouse thegossips, aim bring a mob about" the house. Let me.. do the' ; thing quietly in my own way, and let them discover the truth as they pan. • I may,, get away • from .'the' place before they J kn'o w J aughtahput.it,"." ... ' He shook Mackintosh by the hand, walked firmly to the door, and was * gcine. Outside the sunset had got. into a-glowing red mass, in the -west, and as he stepped across the road and down aTane opposite lie -appeared, to .vanish ,into this fire.: Down f and,alongthe slope , he went, and then a /Single- cottage 'caught his eye with j two figures in front, which stopped, him, panting j and holding-hard'at- his breast. 'The door ' was open facing thei rpdsunset, a man-sat smoking, by the,,porch in his "shirt sleeves, withanewspaper lying at his feet, and a woman stood in the open door looking .west ward and shading her eyes.- .from the" deep glow, of the heavens. ? The wanderer trailed softly up the path, after thefitet/quicksfertj1' anddiis: duU snadpw crossed :the pair befote they were aware of his approach. Tlie sudden, gloom brought .the; eyes of the pamround--7the wahderer.stretched himself to his full height—and: then'the woman screamed, out and: steggered. shudderingly back against the lintel of the cottege door. . '/ David I" It was all she said, hut the simple word made the wanderer- quiver ;and:totter as if about, to drop.. The other dropped his pipe smash on the ground, and lose white,asf.s'ies" . ' "Gardiner!" ; v , " Yes,' David • Gardner," slowly repeated the .wanderer, fighting-with himself for the power to speak. firmly .and coolly. "You h'aye not at least forgotten my name, wife! I am here—not dead—but .back to my home. ' I am tired of wandering." But the woman, though gazing at him with a kind of fearful fascination,-• shrank from him steadily till she was rwell; within the doorway." .: ; : " What do you want ?"- she sharply got out at last, with a desperate effort. "You iknow that you are .for. ever dead to me. What do you want ?" _ . '.'Let me "come in -and I will.tell you,?' ;was the husky, reply. ■ I don't-wish to be seen yet, and I am not, so strong .as I was twelve years ago, -Don't look , scared and frightened,, man," he. added, as Neilson followed him into the house,and; shut the ; doorl',; "T Trnean, no ill to "you, nor her | either, for that matter.- But you know she , is my wife—you both know; that." " They said you were killed—shot among some chaifiedrconvicts in revolt out in Aus tralia—I read it myeelf," hoarsely put in theiWoman,; still shrinking in abhorrence. " Why have, you come back, like a blight ,or a.curse?" . :-rf{-I wish I knew, I wish I knew!" groaned ,the ■ wanderer,, clenching his; hands j on the,'khoh of his. stick,till, the sinews and; i;■veinsstocdiputjlihe:,hard .cordq. S6me i thing drew.me—something I could not re sist. 'I have fought against it all these years. I was shot" at, as y6u read, but not hilled. 'Two.uld have been better so, but I was spared; and at last, when I found something always pulling mehere, I thought' that perhaps before; I died you' might want to see me, and perhaps forgive-—— ' He broke down fhere, but the -woman took him up with a"wild swoop. "Forgive! A.y,: I! may forgive, but I shall never.[forget. Did you think I could f orget that that cruel hand-r-^-that iron fist killed my bairn P Oh! I could have.,for , given muchfrrl. could almost, have.. kissed youfor tearing my heart out—but my bairn . my sweet,; wee, innocent angel I-rfrne ver! never!" " . - _ ; i " The -wanderer shivered;; and- taking off his cap, showed ;a head already prematurely, bald and -grey. He wiped :'the sweat from hisjf orehead and temples, and then huskily got out—'• , ,v. ,, ; f " She was minejtojp, Marion-—rememberj . she -wasmine too... I did not mean to.hurt her—hot even to strike her." " ' v; "But you killed her?" i "Ay/they said-so; and I believed it, for I neyer 'saw her more. . 'I used to go and sit . at her grave after you left me,- but that was, ; otily a hollow m'bckery7--Iicould never feel ;that my liassie was there."' She:wafi gone—? faraway!"-*■ -/ a *71 -s' - : - -A- tear - tolled -down-' • -his j' cheek;; un heeded.. .The woman seemed^toh'afdbn as he melted-.1 10 ; ';r - j 'f De\M-!t and- you can sit' there telling me.all that/* fibecfied. "You can dare to : come near .me find call me wife, knowing that you killed her.- Out! T can never fie /aught-to you." - . " ; "I feared so—I always feared so," sighed the wanderer. "I don't ask you to be my wife. I Will go as I have come, and never trouble you more.- But I. had more than y.ou to draw me " here. My bairn—the other—is he alive?" ' . "No,. no!—dead,—dead too/ like my love!" and' the hand of the woman, fiercely driven through the .air as the hot blast of words came forth, almost caught hiih on the cheek. " Dead—dead too," he said, in a hollow tone. " Ah, well, perhaps I have; deserved that too. 'As ye sow, so shall ye reap.' I beard that long aso—at the. Sunday-school, I ' think-rrahd I've nevbrffiben able to .get it out of my head. I-' thmkr it's; true—yes," I'm sure it's true.'' : 0l". c;';7 ix - \- " Yes,-you sowed-'misery and desolation here," cried the wtf6/ sharply/Striking- her: breast, "but I—I have refiped!the pain,. : and grief, and emptiness.' ;I never forgave you till I thought you dead, and-now I think I feel the'hate coming back again to . purse, you as before." - I : '" Nay, don't curse me—I am* sufficiently ', cursed already," and the wanderer started" from his seat and suddenly bent forward :to place his hand on her mouth. Quick as lightning, as he made the move ment, her hand flew out and struck him; in the face.. The blood spouted from his nose as he staggered hack, and one splatch .of ; it dropped on the sleeve of her print dress, where it spread and dulled into a spot as large as a half-crown. , ' She Was sorry for the blow immediately after, but he made no attempt to retaliate or eyen reprove her! The gloom of night began to creep over the three,'but none attempted to strike a light. The wanderer ,(quietly staunched, the blood flowing frpm ;(hib nostrils, merely saying—. I fi l am not so strong asl once was. . You nebd not have done that, Marion, for- I meant you no harm, and you know you once loved.me."' ; /."Yes, hut that's gone, years ago—you. buried it with vour own hands," wasthe fierce rejoinder. ''"What do you mean to do '.now? ; Turn ' us, out ? . I kfiow that the ^ house is. yours, and that unless as ybur wife . I have no claim to it, and. that' claim I never shallput forward." v;' I hardly expected that, you yjrpuid--yet you are niihe by law," sddly "returned the ' wanderer—"I cannot force you.;—for' "that 'would bring,me"no peace/find it was peace I sought.- No,T'll leave you/undistufhed' The werld needfiever know that Tm alive, and ' you can please - yourselves ' as ; to, whether you will .allow your marriage! to rest as valid" The cottage you-cau. have it matters not to me—IM perhaps inhabit a 'muchanxallbr one before lohg./ But lbt me 'haVe'/one Mvoi'. ' Before .1. left I hpried some trinkets in a mugv in th'e J garden be hind—deep down where no one ' would get them. Don'tstart—they are 'nbt ;of much value—only a trinket or two, a lock of my poor .'lassie's; hair, and' a. hbpk of my mother's. - Give me a light and a spade, and I'll take them out myself." . ' ; . ' , .Nefison' went to a/corner ;for a spade ■Which he' handed to the . wanderer in silence.' The wife merely said—" " Take' 'what1fiyou Want—ido "What you pi ease r but don't come' hear me - or, to uch nie with those hands. always think I see blood.on;them." ' ' // /: "There is blood on them, hut.it' is my own," moodily rejoined Gardner; taking out the handkerchief with; 'which; he had staunched-the^ bleeding of his'nose, and wiping them white. "T wish I'could rub everything 6fi~mymind as eaby1 .'■* • Neilson" lit a candle and bore it to the hack of the house1,rshielding- fit'from the wind with his hands'; find then ! when they were ,all out in the pitchy ;darlmes's; Gard ner put out his hand for the'candle.'; "Let me hold- it,"- said Neilson; " you will have enough to do to dig, ! and the wind.is rising." .!" I WiU hold it myself or not use it at all," sharply replied Gardner, with 'a suspicious loqk.1 " Do'you think I'm going to dig up .a treasure?" ' 1 ' ■ " I don't know-, nor'don't-care,", defiantly answered Neilson, losing his temper. "I only wished to help you." v * ' . " Ay, into my grave,"' hoarsely and chokingly retorted the other, raising, his voice. ".You could both'-see. :me there with pleasure. Take . care! take care ! Remember . I can take'' your wife from you t" \\. • ----- " AndI can kill.you," cried the woman with unguarded shrillness, forgetting that they were now in the open-air, and within ear-shot of several other /cottages. Don't tempt me, David Gardner. I feel murder to-night in my heart, which tillyou came was as peaceful as the grave." j ( . These words were distinctly heard in the adjacent cottage by a man already in bed. i He started up at the words, and then hur riedly[remarked'to his wife.— j ".Can it be possible ? Can Gardner be alive after all, and come back to claim bis - wife? ; iknow a stranger, arrived to-night, and came' direct to the. cottage. I think ' I'll get tip and bbfie a pe'ep;" i / Lie still and mind your ; counselled Ms wife; rind like' a .sSnsi^le m?,n, he obeyed. T.. V, | ,,, T ' 1 At' the north end'of. the-gafde'n, however,"1 stood a cottage occupied' at -'the jgable end by an old woman as her1 sleeping; pl^ce. This old tyoman/' sitting Up in bed; in' :the-* ' dark,looked directly.' out on • Neilson's s : garden, and was astonished, to'see [a man : crossin a stooping posture, as if searching for^ something, and bearing 'in'on&h;'and a spade,-' and in the other a lighted candle. , Tiie f ice was matted, fierce, and grizzlbd, .and in the uncertain glow of''the'candle-looked' ghoulish, and awfiil; ;TKe . man -stopped at last in his search,-, and'1 began to dig. He dug-deep ; and mde,; ' and gradually got down ; in the', ground i till .only hiabody was "visible above; The candle fluttered and sputtered in the wind at; the thbedge of the hole, which .-the horrified .oldrV^oman began.to think loohed 'like ■ a. ! gfaVe^'Und.whilb the sttange1 w<«ker. whs nefidpj' dUWU^iirtb'the gfqund.akif to raW: Tot'spmetbrng with His 'hands, the unwill-. ing spectator was startledi'to "observe tvko slinking figures, .those of" a - man . and j a: woman/creeping Hp'-hehiiid the'.man inj a 'stealthy, .murderous 'fashion1/that almost Tnade' the old. woman : scream: in: hofror. Closer and closer; they^ noiselessly drew to tHe: solitary worker, till a hitch of one of 'their feet against something Hri the. ground, di'ew his1 attention;'■' In.an instant He had started 'up with a 'wild imprecation, "and riWurig hack the spade ovesr his shoulder :as if determined to defend himself to the last, and. then with tantalising suddenness the liwht was blown outby the blusfering wind*, and all becaine invisible. Fierce; wordp, hot and angry,': the old woman beard, ■ with something like a struggle aUd a thud, and ..then she thought she dimly made out the form of a man refilling the/ hole, and patting it flat on tlie top with the.-spade; but after this even he disappeared, and she was left to speculate in itching curiosity and troublesome fear till morning. whisper,began.,to circulate., through the village. ( Nobody could say.what rHad hap pened, but: two or threer" hpd-;the|r;stories and conversations to compare:/; and the result of. all was not Very flattering,'to the Neilsons'. Hearing-the,/reports, the; publi can boldly avowed that he; had seen and conversed with--Gardner; that .he had left him wifH tfie. intention of visiting his wife, and that he had never seen or Hear d of /him after.' Gthers saw Gardner' arrive at the" cottage, some heard high:WOTds and threat's of murder, and the; old woman" gave :an account .of what she had seen in the'garden behind, the house. As usual,''every, one. heard the suspicions;but the suspected/ and : when the first prying neighbor appeared at the cottage the Neilsons made their first grand mistake—they' denied; ever having seen or heard of Gardner, or knowing any thing about him. . • -1 - This hold reply was no sooner reported' abroad in the village than the utmost ex citement prevailed. Groups gathered at every corner; men neglected their work; to discuss the best means to be adopted: to unravel the dark mystery-; -and at last, at the request of these self-elected commis sioners of public • good, Mackintosh^ the publican, paid a visit • to the cottage. in person. . "You say that David Gardner, your first husband, never came here, and yet I find that after he left my place last night he was traced direct to this, his own cottage," He searchingly remarked when he had been accommodated with a seat."The thing is growing serious, and everybody is talking of it. You know I have always been your friend—out with the truth.'' Neilson, who, singularly enough, had not gone out to his work that day, and seemed both pale and agitated, made no reply; but his wife flushed up and said- "I mean to say no more than I have said; and as for the chattering gossips of the place, I don't care that for them, and she defiantly snapped her thumb and finger in the man's face in a way that exposed the broad,round splatch of blood on her sleeve. "What's that?" cried, Mackintosh with fresh suspicion, indicating the blood-stain. "A spot of blood?" The woman paled and started, and unguardedly spoke out. "Oh, that—yes, it's blood-I had not time to wash it out." " I daresay not," dryly returned Mackintosh. "You'd better look out for a visit from the police, that's all I can tell you." \- . Both man and wife, got more .ghastly than ever, hut the woman,spokp first, and" with some indignation in her tonep-r-" "What! can we "riot" keepr.pur/qwn, secrets? .-Must, everything.jye say.and; do. he made known to-a: lot of; scandalmongers ?, . .What good,can it" ? I don't care whether my, pame., is, .clear, or not.- I can .Hear my; own -sufferings/ .so I mav keep my own secret;":,, ? ,, -'! ,..; "Where is Gardner now?" sharply demanded the publican. "I don't know—gone for ever, I hope." "What! Dead?" "Ay—to me." "Then you admit that he has been here?" "I admit nothing. He is not here now —nor never will be." "I begin/to/believe soi(mysplf..; I was his friend as well as lypws^rempmber; and; he was not nearly so ,had;as people thought and said. I want; to kno.w^^.what;, youlhaye done witH:Him—;where you,. Have Hid him. What was it that took pla'ce in.the garden behind ,the house last night?"; ' Both stared af the questioner now with , open eyes, hut it was.more'in surprise than ^^You-, don't' answer, that," suspipiously: continued Mackintosh. "• Still less,, I sup pose, you will he disposed to'say what yop meant by- screamingr/out the words-^'Anp , I can kill ypub .Don't temper me, D^yid, Gardiner! I feel.(murder.tornight;-inmy. heart/JwHich'rtill you camp wa3;P0!lcefl4 4? the grave.'" 1 .-.'iji/iE?. j -Is'titrpdssible ?!'r;,cried;^the./wife, in a ■ strange/ Hushed;) tone." Am I- really pusf pectedT,bf putting .'him . out.^^ oT ithe- i-yyay murderingHini?''';.' / r?i • - 'i " You,- "are-^it is- in everybody'snaouth; andifv you "wish .to |ree yourself, you Had : better' say where he.-is."^ , , ... r i .. « But; J do not "know myself," was the agitated reply.. V!' He "is-' gone never to come hack, and,J .inow not-.where he is tti mustbe.. aaen.'tb.rfljwill advertise for Him-^I.wilh gp.. in to,,rJEjdin burgh anjl set the. detectives pn.liisrtrack.' I will bring him back if it's only to clear my name. She went to the door as she spoke and was surprised to find quite a crowd had gathered' outside-^a''crowd so excited as 'tof - give out a groaning • howl' the moment she -showed her face. • ' . / '. ' ' 'fThejr'cahVtohch; me-^—they daren't lay a finger on mej" she'feverishly iterated, as she .tremblingly ; fugged on' a bonnet and shawl! : ;"They;must prove a murder and ' find the: body before ,tbey can injure me.; They ^surely" can't suspect; me when T'm goinjffof a detective to;hunt' for him f "and ' as' for the garden; they are welcome1 to turn. it up ffdriiH ehd ;;t6;end if that will satisfy them-thaf he is not buried in it." ; In spite. of every counsel, she would go out and.fofcd' her way through '.the crowd. An ominous , hwl: burst from the people, and cries of*; "Down with her!" " Seize her!" " She's-gauna. bolt!"-: " Look at the blude:on 'her sleeve !" were showered on her from every side.The whole mob, thus "'shouting and "yelling, followed her to the' end of dhe'-village^in'spitehf her-tearshnd entreaties;, and theories of murder-Were' \- fast, becoming Unbeatable when one- of the"; ' Country coaches bound - for - Edinburgh', rattled .out of the village and through their niidst. In a.moment," with quick detisicjn; Marion' Gardner had hailed the conveyance' and stepped inside," Whither she was fol lowed by a chorus of groans and a shower of stones and dust; and then the driver whipped up the horses, and, to her : intense relief; the crowd; was left far behind. -\ In-attheofficeih EdinhiirghT wa,s rather surprised when the:,scared-looking woman burst in on me with, the strange request, to try nand track out the Whereabouts of. the man she was suspected of murdering. 1 I carefully took down'every particular as I have given them; hut .the, task allotted'to me might have proved no light oiie, and the -poor wife' might have remained for ever under a dark suspicion 'had hot that frequent aid of the puzzled defective—acci dent-^-come to my assistance;1 rA man had been picked • lip in. the! street early that" morning lying almost insensible in a pool of BlOod, ahd .had hCe° conveyed by the policeman of .".the heat first * to the district Station and then t® the Infirmary, Where it was' ascertained that he had burst-a blood vessel, and Would require much. care and quiet to bring him round. The description of thia traimp and some articles found in his possession, tallied so closely with : that of Gardner and1., the articles.' which he • was said to. have dug up from the garden at tached to Neilson's cottage, that I had the woman sent for, and taken into the ward to look at him while he . slept. With much agitation and many tears, she identified the gaunt,-white'shadow of a man as Dayid Gardner ; ahd then' to our "surprise she proffered the - strange request of being allow,ed to; remain and nurse ' him.. This under-the cihcUihstahces was. deemed in . expedient, chiefly on account of the patient requiring perfect freedom from excitement; but she'seemed io console herself- by calling ; regularly- every=day to" ask after his pro gress. ;-AtJ last he'1was well enough to be told of;her calls; and the trouble which his, disappearance Lad broughtr:-upoh : her,, when he instantly volunteered to go out to. the village and publicly state her entire freedom from blame. The day after this she" called; accompanied1 by Neilson, and was. admitted to ' an. interview with the convalescent patient,. who- was j to ' leave the Hospital next day. : It was, an affecting scene, and there were tears all round. - Gardner took "the proffered hand of his Wife, quietly and ' sadly, but only Reached forward1 and " placed it. in that; of Neilson. ^ •• a : • • • ■■ > "f; hayo ; am; not ; sticb.' Awoifiatj;"'he; bu£kily got ; ; out.' "Shels yphi's, Neil'son,and.I- resign aU "claim to her;'.;'killed, as the; people*said, ^li'may consider nie the' J"'~ i . ; Neilson fumed to leave the room With'ihis - Wife; but now "a" curious -revulsion appeared to have eqme over the. woman, if or and; rushing to Gardner^ ride^,dropped: oh .'.her^e^'lassing'^rbsm^'.,, C-7;y' ! - " No, no!" she cried, " this is my husband' ,-c-the father, of my bairnsi!-. * David, fotgive jmerr-Iuannot.part \yitli you!" /.•... • 1 .7 Gardneristaited wftdly fd his'feet, trem-, bling-m. every limArwith-.the fSUddemagita :tion; i.:J jrov c- ;':oJ ir. r< i ■' i I " But Iramfbad-and -cruel, fand.vl;: killed iirr—;. dbe. was; beginning,-., When hhis.r wife tenderly put a hand on his lipg; ; ,r J.jo • ■* -^HtiSh l sher is inr heaven'Pt .Perhaps she sefis usindw, and rejoices,??7and-the ^ wife's head went down; on "his breast and rested there. ^ Ishall rest-hqfe till^I die." . Neilson took it .much more coolly than I woulAHave esqiected, ahdappeared" 'content -td'have? thepotfe^e^left'liird^Heuof his. | wife.' "r- j.-:; (Gardhef 'and-his;wifeJeft a week after for nj Australia, from whence I ^have? received | fetters more: than 'ohcej 'which-speak of a '■ -quiet and' peaceful lifey strangely "contrast ing1 with'the' trbuble and' fierce'contention that w;ent befope, , -' [Nexf' -week—" My!; Notable Ghost' Adve'a? i, rtote,f by Johinrr'.&EnDES.;]/: v../ 