NEWCASTLE. July 22. Tho coroner's inquest'on the death of James Downie, who died from the effects of astabreceivedbyhimdurlng a quarrel on Bullock Island, on the night of the 17th or morning of the 18th instant, was resumed this morning ot the court- house, Newcastle, before T.'W. Pearce, Esq., Maitland, andajury of twelve. Mr. B. W. Thompson appeared for the prisoner, and 'Mr. G-. Wallace watched the case on behalf of the deceased's father. Mr. Bub-inspector Thorpe conducted the prosecution. William Downie, a brother of deceased, who gave his evi- dence on Thursday last, was re-called, and, In answer to Mr. Bub-inspector Thorpe, said that no other coloured man but the prisoner was armed. The witness was subjected, to a severe cross-examination by Mr. Thompson. He deposed he throw a stone at the prisoner as he wus coming away from tho deceased. He was shortly after told by his brother that he was stabbed. There were seven or eight coloured men besides the prisoner present during the row. His brother pointed to the prisoner us the one who had stabbed him. John Bennett, a crane lad, deposed to being present at tho commencement of tue row. Ho and others were coming from the wharf, when they met some trimmers, and he called out to the prisoner, who was one of them, "Hallo there. Jingo 1" (this bein« prisoner's nickname), when he (the prisoner) made a rush at bim. Wil- liam Downie then said, "Don't strike the boy, but strike me !" and the latter was knocked down. Hugh Downie then came up and struck prisoner with his fists, and the prisoner ran away to a boarding-house kept by a coloured man. Prisoner afterwards came trom the house with some other . coloured men, and he heard one of them say, " We will do for some of you-now 1 " Prisoner had a club in his hand. He saw a general fight. He saw prisoner run up to the deceased. Tue latter told him he was stabbed. No other : person approached the deceased while he was at the fence but the prisoner. He knew Johnson well and would swear that no other man went up to the deceased but him. After being partially cross-examined by Mr. Thom p. son, the court adjourned, and the jury proceeded to examine the locality where the deceased was supposed to have been stabbed. The court on the jury's return resumed, and the last witness was recalled, and was further cross- examined by Mr. Thompson. Hugh Downie, another brother of deceased, was next called, and deposed to being present at thefray, to seeimjthe prisoner strike Bennett \- and to his striking prisoner. Prisoner then hit him with a paddle, and he returned the blow. Prisoner then ran away. He did not see his brother (tho deceased) near tho fence. Several other witnesses wore examined for the prose- cution. The court sat till half-past 10 o'clock; when it adjourned to 9 o'clock to-morrow morning. The nearing of the case, of which I have given but a brief out-j line, caused intense excitement throughout tho day. The small room off the court-houso was crowded, but at night the j . attendance in the larger court-house was far larger, there being about three hundred persons present, amongst whom were noticed a large number of coloured persons. The court opened at half-past 9 o'clock a.m., and the evidence tuken is . most voluminous. An adjournment took placo at 10.30 p.m. to 9 o'clock on Tuesday morning ; tho jury and witnesses being bound over to appear then and there. Lato on Saturday night some miscreant shot a valuable . horse the property of Mr. Thomas Taylor, a resident on Bullock Island. Tho horse had been allowed to graze about, and on' Sunday morning was found to be shot through the head. There is no reason to be assigned for this affair, as Mr. Taylor (an old resident on the island) is known to be highly re- spectable, and far from being an offensive neighbour. The affair is in the hands of tho police. Thisevening, owing to tho sitting of the coroner's jurymen, the court-house was lit up for the first time with gas, and the lights from the celling had a fine effect. The whole building was finely illuminated throughout. The members of the Marine Board met to-day, and af ter transacting business of not much publio importance, opened the tenders for the erection of buildings for the accommo- dation of the customs and harbour boat men, when the ténder of Messrs. Lang and Mylee was accepted. The harbour on Saturday morning was begining to look very thin, but since then we have had a large influx of twenty-two vessels, of a tonnage (registered) or about 9000 lons. These are irrespective of coasters. T..1.» O'} The Inquest on the body of the late James Downie, was resumed this morning, at the Court House, before T. W. Pearce, Esq. Constable Oliver deposed : I went on board the ship Leucadia us I heard that some of tho sailors on board that vessel had also received stabs during the fray ¡they how- ever all denied being injured. The ship has since sailed for Hongkong. Thomas Duncan, deposed; I had a conversation with the carpenter of the ship Leucadia, and he told me he was also stabbed on the Tuesday night. He showed me the wound, . whioh was near Iiis spine, about the middle of tho back. He said the wound was very painful, and had been bleeding all night. He would not tell the captain, and would sooner die than let it be known he was In the row. Tho s lilmaker also showed me a wound he had received in the shoulder, and said he had been stabbed. They asked me not to say anything about it. Henry Capper deposed to finding a cap after the row, which corresponded to ono worn by a coloured man named Parry, who had stated he had not been in tho light. Thomas James stated: I was on the verandah of my father's hotel during the row The witness Parry, who stated he stood there, said what was false. Had he been there I should have seen him. The prisoner Andrew Johnson then made a very lengthy statement, wherein he said .-I was Btanding at the door of O irnish's Hotel, when some persons ? came by, and one insulted me by calling out, "Holloa Jingo." It was a lad named Bennett who called out. I ran after him and caught him. I was then rushed upon by several persons, and was repeatedly struck. I got away, and got hold of a broken paddle, and went into tho fight, and got hurt by a stone being thrown at me. I went home, and was followed by à man, whom I found to be Parry. I walked with 5, * v.and ne 8Uowed rae something he had In his hand. It was like a kuife, and he re- marked. " One or t.wn nf fhnoa fol In tira Vin rr a had a touch ol this." Parry showed me the thing again ; it was steel, not iron. I saw a sort of handle, and a blado was In it. I did not take it from him. After I went home, and as I was dressing my wounds, Parry said, " There's one man in the crowd that has got more than you have." There were several other persons in the room when this remark was made. Shortly afterwards a constable came, and we went to see the wounded man. Tho deceased said I was the man who.had stabbed him. I said, "I am innocent." Parry showed me the instrument. On Sunday, before the row, he called me to soo tho knife, and I told him I would never use a thing like tfcflt; if I gould pot use my ¿st I would never " doable-bank " with a thing like that. I never Baw deceased before till I saw him in tala bed. Parry was recalled, and stated t I have no wish to amend any evidence. The statement of Johnson as to my having a knuckle-duster is false. I never had one. Tho Court at this stage adjourned to Thursday morning next, when more witnesses will be ex- amined. The court was crowded during the hearing of the evidence. By TELEGRAPH.-The inquiry as to the facts of the Bul- lock Island stabbing case, resulted most strangely. On the resumption of the inquiry this morning (Tuesday) the court was crowded. Pour witnesses were examined. The coroner then summed up, after which the court was cleared, to allow the jury to deliberate. Their verdict waa that Perry, one of the witnesses, was guilty of wilful murder, and Johnson, the man charged with it, was innocent. Perry was arrested, and Johnson set free. The case wassent for trial at the Maitland Circuit Court in October. Mr. Brunker, of the firm of Brunker, Wolfe, and Badgery, submitted to public competition, on the ground, fifty-three valuable building allotments, the property of A. A. Dangar, Esq., with frontages to Blane-street, shortly after crossing the Cottage Bridge, and extending to nearly opposite Messrs. Prendergast, Wood, and Co.'s Castlemaine Brewery ; also, a portion fronting Hannell-street. The back lots consist of twenty-four lots, fronting a 53-feet street, called Beresford Street, which adjoins the Great Northern Railway fence. The front and back lots are divided by a lane 18 feet wide, leaving a back entrance to the pur- chasers of the front and back lots. There was a large attendance and the biddings throughout were very spirited. The auctioneer, however, in some few lots had to use his business qualities. The first lot offered was a corner allotment with a frontage of 9l 1/4ft to Blane- street, and 119ft to Hamilton-street. This was purchased by Mr. Dansley, of Lambton, for £1000. Fifteen other allotments to a street called Stump-street with frontages to Blane-street, averaging 33ft, next realised £3632 ; twelve allotments from Stump street to Cooper-street, averages 35ft, fronting Blane- street realised £2508, making a total of £7 14O for 1026 feet. Two lots were next offered with frontages of 75ft each to Hannell street, by depths from 150 to 36ft, realising £486. 23 lots, fronting Beresford-street, 33 x 99ft, were next offered, 12 of which were withdrawn, the remaining ll realising £1432. The total amount realised for the lots sold was £9058. Yesterday afternoon, wmist an employee on the Great Northern Ballway, named William Han, was engaged in shunting a coal train, he slipped on the rail, and got one of his feet severely jammed. He narrowly escaped more serious, of not fatal Injuries. T.,1,. Ol Business has been very quiet during the past week, and although the weather has been fine throughout, our trades- people have cause for grumbling. The flour market is well supplied, stocks hoing rather heavy, nnd present quotations are-Adelaide superfine, £13 to £13I0s; Melbourne, £12 to £1210s. Pollard and bran are quoted-the former at £7 10s to £8 per ton ; and the latter £(5 10s to £7 per ton. Maize, although in good supply, keeps up to 3s Sd per bushel. The stook of old potatoes is very small, but several shipments from' New Zealand are daily expected, those on hand are fetching £5 10a per ton ; there aro some good Hunter River « potatoes on hand, and the crop from that quarter bids fair for this season; but the growers dig them too small. £4 15s was quoted to-day, but no sales effected, there being no disposition to purchase, the article not being fit for Bhip's use. Onions, Hobart Town, 20s. Hay. lucerno, £4 to £4 10s; oaten, H.R.. £'S to £4. Bacon is plen- tiful, and 7d to 8d Is about the highest price. Butter, fresh, ls 4d to ls 6d per lb ; I Wollongong, ls 6d ; Geelong, lld to ls. The price of bread is 3jd the 21b loaf. The land sold yesterday realised £9051, and would, no doubt, have realised £12,000 if tho twelve allotments had not been withdrawn. The area of tho land ÍB 5 acres 1 rood 1 perch, thus being at the rate of about £2400 per acre. I understand this land was at one time off ered for £80 and refused, but afterwards was purchased by the late Mr. Dangar for £130. It is considered by many that the lots soldfetched long prices. I learn that one of our capitalists, before the sale, offered £7000 cash for the blook.and another offered £8000 ; both offers were however refused, which no ¡ doubt Mr. Dangar does not now regret. 1 This noted hotel is undergoing quite a transfor- mation, and I learn that the owner. Mr. A. A. Dangar, will spend over £3500 in the alterations. The hotel will be second to none in or out of Sydney. It has for some time been a matter of conjecture who will be the fortunate proprietor. I hear to-day that Mr. Moses, of Mudgee, has been successful in obtaining a promise of lease. It will be fully six months before completion of the alterations. Mr. Howard's Company at the victoria Theatre has been playing to good houses during tho week. " Colleen Bawn" has been tho piece put forward since Saturday. Mr. Rainford has been exhibiting his Ghosts afc the Protestant Hali, and tho performance draws large audiences nightly. The exhibi- tion, if it may so bo called, is in every way a success, and, in my opinion, superior to "The Ghost" which has lately ap I peared in Sydney. 