CHINESE SUPERSTITIONS. Whew looking at the bizarre figures oh Chinese pottery, fans, and tea-chests, one cannot help •wondering' what sort of tales the Chinese must tell their children, and to what sort of superstitions they must be inclined. The modern search into the " folk-lore " of different nations, in order to establish theories of national origin, has brought many, popular superstitions forward in learned volumes, has given historical and philosophical value to old wives' fables, which, might otherwise have remained in obscurity. This article has nothing to do with the learned side of' theiie disquisitions. The publication in England of a volume on the " Folk-lore ot China and its Affinities," gives us some specimens of Chinese superstitions, which may amuse the reader, who may trace the " affinities " at leisure. Like ourselves, the Chinese do not like to break looking-glasses. To break a mirror is a sign of death in the family. To break an oil jar is still more fearful omen, and the terror to which the Westerns attach to spilling salt, is given among these Orientals to spilling oil. But the mirror plays a more important part in China than the most superstitious of the Western nations ever dreamed of. "When a man is sick, they make an effigy uof him by clothing a bamboo branch with his clothes, lie head of the figure is represented by a mirror, and with this contrivance thty parade around the house where the patient is dying or is supposed to be dying. The theory is that the fleeting spirit, seeing his face in the mirror, may return to claim his garments and reanimate the body. By this, the. dreamer in search of ''affinities"' must conclude that the spiritualistic "materialising" mediums among us are of Chinese stock iu ways that are dark. A Chinese garden is a labyrinth of crooked paths and abrupt turns. The theory of this is that, as the evil spirits * are continually in pursuit of men, they are to be kept out of the house by an ingenious distribution of impediments and involutions of footpaths. Among the Chinese legends there is a period mentioned whto the' demons were so audaoious that a man could not trust his ; wife, or a woman her husband out ot «ight for. the demon assumed: the .shape of ta semblance of mortals, and when & iman'a wife left him, he was *nSVer sure that the demon would not borrow her •aspect and form to pay him tt visit. To counteracfcthis unpleasant impersonation, when' friendis separated i they exchanged private ^tokens, and no wife 'br husband Would be welcomed home without ' the production -of the ticket. The Chinese have a proverb to-day, " If yoUr ticket •be lost youi are helpless." It must be admitted that the people who could invent'sach a testimony ofidentity had a very mean notion of demoniac sagacity. • Modern evil runs i especially; ill the linp of couhterfeiting tibkets^ and especially enchiasrepreseiitvalue. a h : : ; J ' Among the seorets 'of money-getting,; it'is«tUd:that th6 ghostK)f t^cat is most capital went for "appropriating tfcfc j roperty of olSers. The bataatobe hnng till dead, Bnd ±he family dedring the ; lssistanofl of the defunct pass go into mounting lor her for seven weeks. Slien A'memoml tablet of puss is Ixung ap snd .worship' paid to it. A small bag .is; placed near the tablet; and ih the mght the cat or her ghost goessind fills it. Thei bag is next clay openied over & large empty Kdxest, and enough rice or peas cuns out to fill a waggon. Of coarse sthe eilvious neighbours say this' mutt be the way in which some people 'get rich. There «an be no other mode of Aecoanting for it. • • • v »u' : How a man may miss getting rich is' illustrated in' the story of a butoher. Astranger asked, him whatihe, would take for; toei bench on which the meat lay. He, suspecting fun, answered seventy-five dollars (fifty taels). The mooeyiwas offered, but the butcher, UiinkingiMece was more money inithe bench thapihe was aware of, flew, from hisbargainj and put thebench away, in asafe place, to .wait for a rise :in the; market. The purchaser calls again after a year's interval, but the'botcher Juw now become an offerer with no, taker. For lie. is informed that there was a shake , in the bench with a jewel in its mouth., The snake lived en the blood .from the raw meatj which soaked/ through the Wood, and must be dead after a year's fasting. So it prorad. The butcher splits las bencjuand finds the dead snake, with the jewel turned into a^dead fish's eye. The rough mode of investigation ^ results, like some; others, ma return of "no assets." 