ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THINGS IK GENEBAL. TO THE EDITOR OF TUB WARWICK ABGU6. SIB,-You must have often noticed how very difficult it is to please everybody; " tho { old man and the donkey" will forcibly romind , you of* and illustrate as well, tho truth of my , remark. Tlie Minister for Works is not an ungrateful mum: he oooe represented Stan thorpe in Parliament, and, in gratitude for past favors, I am told, it was hia intention to open the first eod up there but that his colleagues would not hear of it, owing, I sup pose, to the o wt of catting plant and material from Warwick, as well as to the other fact that it would be like " burning the family, candle at both ends." My friends the tin j minere must cultivate patience: Orerendand | Co. will settle ibhe whole thing for them as : soon as may bo j but they have not the ghost ! of a chance from any other quarter, I can tell them. Who is he who writes to a Toowoomba paper saying you "keep snapping at the po lice1' stationed in Warwickt Why did he not publish hi b letter in the Examiner or in the Argus ? ] don't know and am totally un acquainted wiiih tho "(mapping" part of the business. Tho Warwick police-thanks to the peaceful arid moral habits of my towns men-have little or nothing to do, and they do it all in a very dignified and decorous manner, withou t being snapped at by anyone -whether tho te anyone" be the Argut or 41 C.B.D.," it's n.11 tho same. Tho force eta I tioned at Warwi-ck want no spurning, Bnap ping, or incentives of any kind; and as for removing or exch anging1 God love you, Fd liko to 6ee any on c try such nonsense on with tho CommiHHionet. Shouldn't wonder in the lenxt if "CitiKon" meant that lottor in the T. C.ns mnt, hut that matters little. "C.B.D." liitK no inli'iilion 1>3 " Hfiap" at tho polico at all. u:\ii 1 don't tlu.uk tin; Arjtu has. 'I'll" refiideiiU o>n the Clifton Back I'lnin are no! .» happy its 1 thought they were. Tho Hovunueul made them a well, aud slabbed it, tuo. A school and post office would now complete their happiness, at least fort-he present; but then, you see, they are not the HJinic peace-loving people that reside on Lucky Vti)]«»y and Upper Swan Creek, and so discord seems to have got in among theui. One man wants a school at a particular place, another says, "No, you don't." The .Jiosi office required ia another causj of difference as to the whereabouts it Bhould be planted. I'm glad the Clifton Back Plain farmers sho^ ko much signs of vitality. An occasional difw foronco of.opinion ia the "sovereignest thing on earth" to promote the health and pro sperity of young communities, The Clifton correspondent, however, winds up with an injudicious and gratuitous threat, which is totally out of place considering the limited influence any one man can bring to bear on big political results. Lot mo suppose that the Clifton Back Plain correspondent has a | vote, to dispose of, for every electorate in | Queensland, and that the general election, I now rapidly approaching, was on, and on the I flame day all round. What oould he do with ! his great voting power P Why, he must vote i for one or disfranchise himself. And, again, I suppose that one was not up to his standard, | what thenP I don't know. Does he? I Some funny writer in a paper published : t'other side the Bange, wonders why the i Warwick cits, should desire to have a town clock and a time-gun. It's very funny, aint ! it, that people should ask for a town clock | on public buildings ? The time-gun alluded to|by the funny writer in "all in my eye." What is meant being simply to have the town clock erected at the Telegraph Office, where the gun time can, by arrangement every day, be wired in an instant. I can't see anything so atrociously wrong in this. Can you P I hope Gaisford will take the mat ter up. Wo want no time-gun in Warwick: there might be a revolution some day in the Municipal Council and the infuriated rate payers might take it into their heads to blow some obnoxious alderman from the muzzle of the time-gun at 1 o'clock; and where would he be then P Tou may say another eleotion would replace him, but I reply, Sir, that we have some aldermen who could not be re placed. You had better speak to Gft-teford and Crombie before it is too late: this unholy desire for such a murderous weapon cannot be nipped in the bud too soon, F can tell ye. Tours, &c-f; C.B.D. 