Roma. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] October 20. Since the tornado I mentioned in my last (which, by the way, I have missed seeing in any paper) we have had another fine rain. This has been an exceptionally good season hitherto, and the heat has been by no means excessive, so that all herbage and garden produce is looking as well as anything could look at this time of the year. Shearing is now actively progressing, and I have seen a good many dray loads of the Mount Abundance wool passing through the town. In election matters there is no excitement. Mr. M'Ilwraith has promised us a valedictory address shortly. Mr. Smyth will likely have a walk- over. There is some mention in the Star of another candidate. There is only one local man that would have the ghost of a, chance, and he is not likely to sacrifice his private business for the rather uncertain benefits to be derived from the trade of politics as carried on in Brisbane. I take it that a talented man without means, to make politics pay, must have no conscience, or a very elastic one. Since penning the foregoing, a requisition is going round for signatures to be presented to Mr. R. W. Stuart, of Mitchell Downs, asking him to contest the electorate with Mr. Smyth. Mr. Stuart is very popular, but what his views are I am unable to say at present. I understand he is strongly in favor of keeping the railway terminus in Roma, which in my small opinion is a very short- sighted policy, as a main trunk line will never do Roma any harm, and the extension A further west will be for the benefit of the whole community. In another paper I forward you a sample of wheat. I have no means of comparison, and probably you will be good enough to give us your opinion of it. It is taken out of about six acres, and this sample is not picked, but would be about the average of the whole. Mr. Irwin, of the Roma Butchering Company, is the grower, and he seems sanguine that this will be a wheat producing district. Mr. Irwin is going into systematic operations on a new piece of ground now being broken up, and where the slaughter-yards are to be erected. The manure and refuse from the yards will be expended upon the land, and, if we have any seasons at all worth the name, Mr. Irwin says that farming must pay, as the little farm which he has hitherto occupied but has now let- has paid expenses in as bad seasons as any we have experienced in Queensland, There are now about fifty acres of wheat growing around Roma, and, after carefully reading Messrs. Collins' interesting letters, the prevailing opinion at present is that there is hope for us yet. We have the grape as an undoubted fact; we have now to test the wheat, and I believe we shall succeed. The principal growers of wheat are Messrs. Irwin, Downes, Bassett, Jones, and June. 