The Advertiser MONDAY, AUGUST 12, 1876. The proceedings of the Corporation of Adelaide at its regular meeting as re-<*> corded in the public journals do not usually make very lively reading, and the subjects with which it has to deal are not of a nature generally speaking to excite much interest, except in the minds of very prac tical people. It is a pity, however, thatt the ratepayers do not concern th*ms*l*?s more than they do about municipal affaire ami take more cue to choeee as civic repre eentativ«w men of capacity to be really useful, and of mannas and tendencies worthy of their position. Latterly the City Councillors have considered it neces sary to frame Standing: Orders, which were published in last week's Gazette, with the object of preserving decorum and facili tanag'tbe despatch of business at the Corpor ation meetings. It is needkMs to disguise the fact that the most important of these regulations are thought neeeanry to keep the irrepressible Mr. Raphael within bound*. Not only within the ordinarily recogaiaed limits of debate does he make bimatlf obnoxious to bis feUow-ComriSoM by the unpleasant tone of hit ohwrrataoaa, bathe stops .beyond the rales that should regulate the proceeding* of a deliberative body, and becomes obstructive and disorderly in a high degree. Mr. Raphael might be a useful Councillor bat for hi* peculiar idkteyncsaeiaa. His vigilant eye in times past has been quick in spying anything like a job; no one is more apt at •matting oat a nuisance; but unfortunately he haadMtnyed the in&uenoo; he would otherwise hare by his propensity to discover mares' Bests, by his violence of manner, and the uncharitable ness and egotism which lead him to aasnae that all the municipal wiadom and hnaasty of the city axe centred n bis petson. He hu been the bite mmr of Mayors, the honor of Coaneillors, ami a Btandmg joke at every pablie "">«*i-g at which he has figured. As the ratepayers faava ejected him he fau % right to he toart at the meeting? of the Corporation, bat the difficulty ha* been to keep him in order. Some of the rukw fnamed to eSaet thk object axe, however, capable at being ap plied harahly and vindictively, and one or twowfll work raconvejdently if they ate put in force. TV* Staadmg Order 29 pro videa that "Any ownier wha may hare been mianpnaaatMlar ■dam?dentaod abaft be aUowei to •xpiafai unmediatalf before &* mover riaea to ngfy, bat not befoie." That the apUnatua co patmittedahoakl be {delayed until the mover rime to maty w likely to cause waste of time, becsnm if the epesker who waa auarepuM?iel apehe eady ia the diacaaaaa «D the follow ing apeeehea -agkt be to am eiteat foaaded oa Aat Baaooaatractioa, aad thai awch talk mnadd helatietodoafte C«aa catow that wwdd haw bu?aawaiddhadtU exphaatiaa pnaaptr/ falaawd the abaana tioiwtbat called far it. Battbereioaarach BMieaerioaa objectioa to the rxaadnar Order aad that is its vagaeaeaL What ia aiaaat by "waMnpnamtMiiam?" 6oaw ptraoae wooht rnmiier aa aafair aeodeof rlialing withtfMer aigaanati or aaflair iafereacea froai their eUtemwta cook ander thai deecriptioa, bat if tfae StendiD* Order v to be applied tm tfaia Brineiple there wiH ptae tioaUy be so liaut to the aanher of apeeehea that may be delivered ia a debate. Then if oaaae be baa beea *• Buaeodetatoad" the foggiest and aunt weaxiaome speakers in?, alwaya be able to visit the Corporxtio? with a doable inflictjoa. The rale in ParKaimiat ia that if a meaaber baa miaftated aay partiaa of the miirVi of a preceding speaker an explanation v allowed, bat sot otherwise. Standing Order 40 prondea that any Coaacilor "who aball aae aay exprtstiom emft^U «f lamj mppliidifeawottf to aay other BMoaber " ahafl witaaav aacb erpreaaoe if required, aad apologise, or be fined Dot leas than one aor more than tea poaadc It if imnrpainV to aay what leMgiayi acane Coaad&an; antht ooaaider capable of aaoSaaaTCappiieatio?. We RBMauer mob) ot*^— yean ago a Mjojaterof thaCrowa aoeaaaagof iagiari tade a forawr coUeagae, who wa« fin miata ai in hie TVia??taltoiikaaaiaatheCioaan?Mat^ and qHota?e^ aiigbtly adapted, thefiaeaia \- JfahaasaHr l%ht'a Bmaa w — "Ban yea wanfanii, hase yaa with aaaa ooatrind Tohaifewitatafaifaal iuiair b «B taa <sas?d ttot w« twa have aaafea. T?«^fcesta«ai" mi, the bean that we awe Wamlwiilul the hastr faatol toaa Far Battiac a?—O. aad m aafianH*r- Tbe ex- aTntJater eoald eadare ac atore, batalartedtobisfeetaad aaked that theae warie aaght be^ahea dowa—«icaaeat Aat wae not coaip?ti with. We do aot aap lArfy to be fit^Btatlj aderaedby Shaka puuaia i|antati jaa, bat atabaUy attataa?ea not aaore nijuti—blii fhaa the "faa. idooate woras" ia «hjeh poar Halaas -aaau**" her friend woaM be fa%bly offfmaipw to ercie ears. Tbete axe anay tiueuiotsnrfo eaay give theat apecial ainilkatiiaw, bat thepetaoa to whoat the wards are appfied aheaal not aekaet ta« want iaterpretatkai nnaros it U endest that itiewbat theapeakerattended. Taa most extnoriiaary St?adnaj Order, hom e«r, is tbe 44th, whieb v aa f oliowm :— AayawawWr^ the CaoaeQ wbe aaaU w?V fiDya Amix\,m Hjtrini rtli?t?M?iM taa tnoaaetiaaof I—mum at aavasaaa?fjof the wid CMBcii.er at mmf CaaaaitaatMaaiaaaa bf the ~i4 Council. aWI-tf at be saa?hadby xbr^t oortlH <4 tfce aimlii paut at sac* BMrtuif tb?t aaeh aaaaaVer baa w?raflr aad vitbom jart cuk ua«UucUJ «r iijw.inl the tiaasiatiw of fcaaar'ar fhaiast an daaaad to feaw fuM oeir mot bMafatlr *• «■?« «*• datie?«f ha oftee aataraJactothe last af bis jasfl?M?t aad mad abasto. aad Wmsiia it •hai a* tsafalfartbe iLw to bbbbi a aaeeiai BMetaMT «f the whale Oea?oQ, *vi to tj«r auriw to«ht «iiil aiiaifci t?aV?wc—a?at ■bob ssiiiaift why he abaaM Bat he aawfai bmm fab «ffi«; aaJ —Ir— man ■■ffliiiml he alulae to aada aweteac, awA awaahti aaay be aa; aacb nmiJat; aadaftai saihaaaaial sadi aKaaherafaa?cavKtofceaaM??aar af theoit Coaaeil,aad Hk aHit JwUbe Imaisl te have fane Woat aad aha? he vaeaat. Tbia raie offer* aa mmf way, laiaei, of fcttsop rid of a troabletaave Caaaallac. He nay be expelled for obatractrng or iat pediae; the nanow<Tna of boaineaa. What uthenktanaf tbe ohgUactiiepeai which ■ay be thni paaiabedu not stated; the atatroctiaoa aaiy be each as are allowed by tbe ordinan-rntea of delAecatne aaaeat bliea, aad even by the Staadimr Orders of the CfcyCoaaca, bat if tt sboold he taoogkt there waa not •* jaat casae " for Ac ia?pedi ntriitu thiuwn ia the way of any aetioa of dwaauanfy,theezti«aM>eoaxaeafes^elauai may be reoorted to. Then there is no wsy of eacape pronded for tbe offe?dine; afahf. He cannot purge hioaaelf of hi* offences by apology or fiae, bat oat be moot fo. It it not stated that this pemffaaKnt is to be employed only in case of repeated convictione; any ComacQlar will be liable to it the first time be sball resolately resut and hinder any aetioa of tbe Council that Ac fTtiwitw It k not likely, perkapa, that this extraordinary power will be ei erctaed, but it ie a poor doCeace far any law that it is too aso?ctroas ever to to be enforced. Tbe Standing Orders should be returned to the Corporation for reconadeTm tkm, as some of them are poainreir absardi and would be muchieToas if the city Coimdlion ehoidd ever hare the rashness to exercise tbe power* they confer. The current of public opiakm ia Fwgimi on Uw n*ult« achieved by the Vemzrem oi Bedia ia doabtks* • man iw?d.iit«ljr ia tenatiag etndy hoe than the views on the •abject f^nSbrnf co the contiae?t of Europe; rtifl the tatter are nwiarrililr from their varied phase* aad the varied ia terwte thercepreaent. Although previous totiaedtpartmuof the aaul the C«^mi had act eoactaded ha ajttiaga, the aaajority of the bmbb oiaiwiin- qiMtMm had baea dfrided, and the coarfaakaw arrwrad at bj the xiepteaeatatires had hsea fcwly 4m caaaed by the variou Faraawta joaxaak. The Uenaia Mmpapcn hare bee* tesaark afciyaOeat on the erente taking pWcta their oapitaL Tbk, however, v aot avadi to.he voodcied at, «a the Eaatera Qaeatim baa bat Bttie istacat for the Tevtons. Sack w—tki a? hay? beem nadc have bern eetf gratufatnrr am the ifnrUat r«& pUred in Enoae by Gcmaay aad fatubtory oC Frace Buaaas?k. la B«aj??theniaaaa?e -vrhat tees aonneai thaa «m to have bees laabedfat. Tba fnlwfc «f the aasiaa « iMiiiaatiffly «c oC«wtiatetML They vraaU rather, helatvia*; ia Maaoovite ia viaa?ility t bav«bad * war then aabauttod to m. tmnAiifmtum of the Sam fitdtaao Trr«ty. At the awe tow the oficial jemnmlm aauooah/ place aiiHtrii ia the beat light, aad magnrtrilalo the acofla kagttyoatae lvmnm wn fey tsar ; p?taWMal CffOVfl?aVM?aty TCMflt flaajT?a^ 4MW" thiag aato IW wKii) ■wd <nhi i pwaaaw broaeht to bear, and the ftapte arebo giaonv to believe theam. TbcyadaKttthej bare sot got «B that they dnairrf, or were, m tart, eatitfed to; bat akhoa^ they have ■nhnritlwt ia B^ana I o«t triaaapkMtly that Beaajmbm ia axnel aid ff— ■ and Batoaam an cadad. fha <li|Ji—alir aUB «t fiad Beaeoaafield ia bJgkfyapean^a^thv^B?tMikavjar afaWaHnaltriaaaphofEia^andisad?utted. At the asae taa? the JJonf aai other josr. ■kpMtat ttatt?aaaahasaaaeedaraat wirotoJjM^lt is *c war. ■■■<!, of the Forte, aad slrhsaflh the Coa?aos has w«oh«?ed M—*mte irf—rw b Bat evM, tfe .km tin*, ttet am* stan he Awebyjnyar liphamj, aotoalyte Tfcwaaii, bat to ing the onEnanaiiaa of the hHmj ayStom to he tasag?xatei §B B*VlWi* analer Maaeevsi? caatni, tins sacoriac; • aevoaT sajaiaat any |ae> of poowe*. naass latter expre??sas of opiaioa mi dtii lisyjof aate, as they are Moreth??|wnhiHjiiilefHytheC«hMeU KerirfarrirwisFene^mAaatriaw^what Mtaittowgre to 00007 a port oa the Adri atic k a? cfeaht viewed as a gnat ?aa ceaaon on the put of Aaatris, at abo it tha retraaasoaof Bemabia, both of which it ie stated were only aabantted to for the cake oT peace. The hit if tin ti at Bsaaay deapito a& the dificattiea that aaw ear roaadii,ia leaked oaaaaaTi ■■ iinaahi |F fun Kirrlj tn hiiiaisalalln iaatrie The BMonhle aettleaseat of the aaaatiaa «C the aerijatio?of the Heaahii, end the strict preservation of Anotia?? riejhtaoa the river* gnady akaaitheVia??eee; they am am BBB*awaa iMMlnal * ■ - -■ - mm mmagpuemf Bowetwr, fey tw OBHHV ■oral triasa* they have anant threagh their irai—ifiliww by lawainr^a ctvfl and refigioaa liberty ia ffneeink aat Serm. la Italy lai alliaien gl sjiisli— have agna?y finbi. Theyarereia?joisa?' Aaatria oat Italy, aad"that bah/ hat pveaviatiaa of acaoe^ vasca iwi Immb lac me css?acser 01 ■as occapesjon at Barn hy Aaatria « sax* that itwws&i; to itp asaecis?y aa Bataaa a«a ant caY Aeaaa* at «aa one SaFfcaM?, «*•*?*• ■I^JS-fc m^^^ a 2^ a^ aaaAtfL B _J__ Bl MnH 4afavEMNafap m wa^WOT WBal fll «RK taae, ■UtiaAJi the Rt* taVa aaa? aaeeated to vaita aM aaeaUeae wMm rnyirt to Syria, ia aaiar to 4? aaahhaj that a^gfct hapidl the aaaee af Eanpa, A* naaoebi TaAajrifciiaaaj?eh/ MM** -TT teeay that ft— haay ahi■,!.!, aa tn* Piw ttgiwntm aithiiOwieaieaFlaujii^ m, at aflf?aA «a^ecialfoaiDntlMai??Maa\ai4f theXoaaf Ar«W «y«h* artafi?ay 4ecaa> «( the?dheaaittheaMat cataadaaoalaf the r nagwai a fg. atjati eae, it jehjr aa —a— 4BbwBSVT WSBal tiki MR dMCJaTBaBaV 4rf flaW Sena Macafia"^ tue tmmh wt Oaw*taMMti* aajia. 6a iar a. eeah?iaa«a|.ham«ra^ fooai the attosu?ai of jaaaahj pahfiahat is other parta of Earapa, aai aaaaaaetto nsacaaat pafalie oaaaaa fat TatW. at «wM appear that the ***** the Tanaey as a aaacarhat hotter aaawaa thaaaae BnaHbaiaaaiaii?aaitheTMa^ alat* f^m JkapAfa^aaVi b^MbM aa?^B?aa^B?taalaT aVataaaHtaaV *i? Ibb«£. B^a9 ft— .--j-. |j i^^J^i*^ aafl??l faaa?a?_^U? that €ac pomr paatal to the* of today. Jagtha Hill n aa a fiaeat iiiiaiia hi tar atoftthey eeaU «i& a faaat>ar enata at ts?iAay wil pcaaaa ever the aoafham IcvnancnatelbyaeCaacnav ba?aatbr better thaa tt woaM ham beam hat a Baa. m«m p?onded Car tythe TnaacyatSaa Stefiaa^eadatoiaaathof the?aUotta. At llni --h i lii i ilnj iiji m nill 1 nail irtli hittawactfaat the doanaMae of the Saftm o^tbt to fare been ■IwiilbHlj |ii«ii>lihJ to «Sb??ito tl? Ballaaa.aat that tlvright rf gaufitur oo?tfttaut <£ that ■m??taja daaa la??oaaely waaVaaet fnaaa atsay tegiad point of view «y tike fact that tha taak poaltiae «■ ri«? aukaatai?satSaa?i? bhaaaedorerto the Bahamas, aal that tothecoathof tbeiaaeaa local aaffitia U to be famed 1 iiirti.lly kartOe to th? Uttaaan Vans. ThelUb •? daagrm&f; ■Mww| at tite oocapatioa of Paaaii aaa H«aeg?viaa; bat witk aX tiwnylf and those proriaceaeut off airuft the ci??itoaa roate dnaa^h Auaaia, vhaft poaaUehoUcocU theGmtnmt«f tha Sahaa hate had aaoa thaau HanlyUia hotter that Baana aVoaM he ia the haale of • po«wa?&daralTatraa;^toholdthe?aa aaaaat check and faeaaattheai fnaeaa> cicwwagiag Sernaa aad Moataaajda ad- VaaBDCB flB %U& JkflXSattlC CaaaW ttaaaat 116 fSOVUOaI ahoaldhawg?adaalh/dr?ji l,a?itoart?ia^ woald hate dsae fraathe cnap of tha Sabaaoto that«f theralenof Serm aad Moatoaegro. With napast to the oaaaaa ofKan aad Batoaai the T«rb aoeai to have aaaeDtod wn ha BCttoX?eaL ra> bakdy they look tevanl with aoase aawaaft ofa^atplcaaa?todaioafiDalVthe Baa aaaa anlfltely to «aooaator ia aaaettiqa; their ikjht of peaKaaia? ia Laaataa aad to ue anao?Mnd hanaaaaat tha MaaDantoS wiloadaw fna? tha wid tdaM of tha coaattry; hat farther theyaroaoa ■mini that they fcaow the atfaaaa extoat of Baa hai«aaaa4atthecheaaeeatafthecaaaa? of Osfraa the an ptfaaOal protaetiaa of Eaj^aal i* tsmtHag their Aaatie 4a auaiaaa. StiU the enha hOmg * die aathtastM? ia Conataatiaeale ie by aa ■aybabriatjtnaiaind ay. tha Serviaaa paadeaee, afahouj* dagg+wkk the oaa- by ac aMsaae aooeplaUe to a aaaaa partiaa of the aa? lihjallai «al hjaawal of the people, of the ftiiaatiaft of tahaa tiaa to aD f orau of rangieae wataVip bm *Urn taafdoat. Tha Itoateaajnaa Uha> esateai Coalaat. aMhaaah aa obw toiaay the part of Aaliwii thia hew heaa oaG^edtoaahauttoa qejat of catrj fata the haribarby Aaattaai vnwanrila. Tlot they kaewthey hadUttte to ampacC Tha Vaa^B?aaS????aaai flaaV. at^aaa aaaiBBBBBaBBBa* Baaaa??a???iaa' .^aV aaTa^ CeaataaTV* aMtnlaaMi.at.afi?atf a^b% lloVaaVfaaaaaaataS. ■"'"' #• I" 11"1 ■^aBBaBBBBBBBaBBBJ aBBBBT VaqaqnaBJ^BBBBBBBBBjaBk trndscha in return for the territory on the Danube; and not only so, but after de ■ daring they 'would never accept a foot of Turkish territory, their representatives ■ absolutely chaffered at the Congress for a more southerly delimitation of the frontier in the Dohrudscha than was atfirst proposed. At Bucharest, however, tie real sting of the decisions of the Congres? lies in the \- condition imposed on the Roumanians of extending toleration to the Jews. With respect to this the journal before quoted xemark? that in place of benefiting the Jews, the attempt to assert their rights will only do them injury, and that no amount of pressure -will induce the Roumanians to altar their domestic laws with respect to Taryiitpa. An excellent example this of the adage that the depravity of individuals frequently extends to a whole State. Here we have the spectacle of a people them selves not long since freed by the action o! the Powers from a galling vassalage, pro testing against being compelled to ex tend the rights of civil and religious free dom to an unoffending people who form a large and important part of their community. It is to be hoped that die Powers will Boon teach the Roumanians that it is their duty to obey what has been settled by the consensus of Europe. Greece alone of the lessor States has cause for intense dissatis faction, and the feeling is very loudly and freely expressed. It is admitted that the English representatives at the Congress did their best to secure the cession of Thessaly to the Greeks, although they opposed that of Crete. But the Greeks cannot forget that but for tie assurances of England they might have entered the Congress with the Hellenic occupation of Thessaly as an accomplished fact. As it is they do not appear by any means ready to acquiesce quietly in what has been done. Rebellion is again rife in Thessaly, and by the latest accounts the Greek army was massed upon the frontier, thus seeming to indicate that TTing George and his sub jects are preparing to work out in their own way the claims which the Congress have refused to grant. With this excep tion, the Congress may fairly be regarded as successful in having not only secured the preservation of peace, but reconciled with as small amount of discontent as possible very complex and conflicting interests; and it is pleasing to observe that the policy of England seems to be generally viewed with favor, and that comparatively little jealousy has been excited by her movements. What with the expenses of preserving peace in Europe and taking possession of the island of Cyprus, and die cost of the Kaffir war, the deficit on the Budget in England this year is likely to foe a heavy one. The military operations at the Cape are not jet concluded, there fore the estimate of the Chancellor of • the Exchequer that the putting down of the Kafirs will cost England £400,000 most be regarded as an approximate one. Even if the price should exceed this .amount, however, the security of the Eng lish position in South Africa is well worth the expenditure. The Indian troops in Cyprus are to be sent home in a few weeks, and it would appear to Ik high time for thejn to return, as ricfaipsfi is prevalent among the troops on the island. The disease is presumably the form, of fever peculiar to the Levant, which is very common in Cyprus, and happily no deaths have occurred; but it would be exceedingly unfortunate should ■ any of the Indian soldiers fall victims to the complaint, as such an event would almost certainly produce disaffection in their ranks; therefore the sooner they are removed die better. The well-known unhealthiness of the station is a thing which ought to occupy the immediate attention of the Government, as it is believed much might be done to mitigate the evil if the bind were properly drained. The Aus triane have been compelled to proclaim martial law in the provinces of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and they have had some severe brushes with the insurgents. The fighting has resulted in favor of the Aus trians, and the loss on die part of the Moslems was very heavy. It is to be hoped that the hitter will see the utter futility of attempting resistance to the occupation of the provinces, and will quietly submit to a rule which will eventually place them in a mm?l? better position t-Tinn they have ever been in under the Porte; but the Austrians are evidently determined not to fail for want of men as they are extending the mobilization of their forces. The con ditions of affaire in l>yjgt-?n also shows that the Turks are preparing there for resisting the decisions of the Con gress. The inhabitants of Batoum are in arms, and 2,000 volunteers have assembled on the frontier, determined to resist the advance of the Russians. Notwithstanding the strength'of the lines at Batoum, how «ver, such undisciplined levies as these can offer but a feeble resistance to the victorious forces of the Czar. The state of the money market in England is by no means encouraging. Money is tight,'the Bank rate is already six, and must cer tainly go higher, and colonial securities are consequently depressed. Notwith standing Sir Julius Vogel, with his usual boldness in financial matters, has launched the new municipal Dunedin loan on the market at a minimum of 95. The English •stock operations seem to have been looking ■with no favorable eye on this latest New Zealand borrowing venture, and some re marks apparently not complimentary have been made about it To these Sir Julius Vogel has thought fit to reply in a letter to the Times. Whether his letter will in •epire sufficient confidence in the loan to induce subscribers to offer a handsome premium, notwithstanding the state of the market, is at least problematical. As Saturday's issue of die Advertiser, con taining tie map of Turkey as rearranged at the .Berlin Conference, was sold out long before the -demand bad been met, and as we have some of the maps still on hand, we propose to give them with tfae|copies of to-day's Advertiser sold at ibis office. Messrs. R. Ingleby, Q.C., and Richard Vaughan announce themselves as candidates for the Legislative Council. The liushania is now hourly expected, and preparations have been made to give His Excellency the Governor, who with his family is a passenger, a cordial welcome om his return to our chores. On the arrival of lie steamer tiie Governor Musgrave, with the members of the Ministry on board, will proceed to the anchorage and will take His Excellency and family to the Semaphore or Fort Adelaide as Sir Tn. Jervois may decide. A special team wfll convey the vice-regal party to the city. At the Adelaide Bailway Station file Governor will be met by His Worship the Mayor and the «nemhersof the City Council, who will present an address of welcome. A guard of honor will be drawn np at the station, and wfll accord His ExceltaicyttacostaMnaiy military courtesy. A detachment of the artillery wDI fire a viceregal The match between the Australian B^V* 'S^JSZ&T; «* ibt> Stanley ?tabandDutoict has ended in a great victory for the Colonials. In their two innings the IsmpotA men only succeeded in scoring a total of 162 cans, the Colonials thus winning the match by one innings and 71 runs. On the next day tibe two teams played a one day's re turn, which was drawn in consequence of want of time. The Supreme Court is to sit in Equity and in Banco this morning. During the past half-year the Hallett District Council paid for 119.193 rabbit scalps, and the Mount Bryan Council for 100,000. We have to acknowledge receipt of the annual report of the Department of Mines, New South Wales, which has been kindly for warded to us by the deportment. The schooner Magnet, which left Port Adelaide on Saturday afternoon, August 10. for Streaky and Fowler's Bays, took with her about 100 men for this season's shearing in die western districts. j A special meeting of tie Town Council j of Port Adelaide was held on Friday evening, ! August 9, to consider tenders for filling up the ditch on the eastern aide of the Port-road. There were eleven tenders. The tender of Mr. J. Reed for £23 per chain was accepted. The following is die rainfall from 9 am. on Friday to the same hour on Saturday, August 10 '• — King?ton ... 0-0401 Penola ... 0150 : Narracoorte ... O-1001 Millicent „. 0-210 MountGambier 0-1001 Mr. Frank Bickers, who has admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Friday evening, August 9, was not suffering from an injury to his thigh, as stated in Saturday's issue, but from a severe spinal injury. It was caused through his being thrown from a trap at Fort Vincent a few days previously. The opening services in connection with the Bnraside United Methodist Free Ohurch were commenced on Sunday, August 11, when sermons were preached by the Rev. J. W. Bamberinthe afternoon, and by the Rev. B. P. Mudge in the evening, to large coogregatioos. On Wednesday the services ace to be continued by a tea and public meeting. A revised tariff for Frees telegrams within the colony has been adopted by the Vic torian Telegraph Department. Between half past 7 p-m. and 11 pjru, the Argus says, the charge will be 2s for 100 word*, and 9d. for every additional 50 words. The rate formerly mas 2a. 6d. per 100 words, and Is. for every additional 50 words. After 11p.m. the charge for 100 words is reduced from Ss. to 4s, while every additional SO words will be 9d., instead of OJd for each additional word. As bearing on recent telegrams from England we quote the following from the Mel bourne Age:— "Sir B. OXoghleu received a telegram from the Secretary for the TTfmm De partment informing him of the appointment of a?Committee to enquire as to whether hia seat for Clare was not forfeited. Sir B. O'Loghlen sent a telegram to the Home Secretary, en quiring whether, as a matter of law, the accep tance of office beyond the seas, and one not direct from the Crown, came within the statute, necessitating forfeiture of the seat, and request ing the Committee to consult Sir Erskine May, the Clerk of the Bouse of Commons, upon the question." The execution of a Tanna native, to which reference has been made in our TVmvioti telegrams occurred, according to the Melbourne Argus, on board EULB. Beagle some months ago. The native in question bad murdered m European, and took refuge amongst his tribe. The commander of the Beagle, acting under instructions from the Commodore, demanded the murderer from the chiefs, and having obtained possession of him tried him by court martial, and bong him at the yard-arm of the Teasel. The British Government, while exonerating the officers of the Beagle from blame, has issued in structions defining the authority of naval officers in similar cases. The remains of the late Dr. Maurau were interred in Christchurch Cemetery. O'Hal loran Hill, on Saturday, August 10. The Bey J. Bach officiated at the grave. Although no notice had been given, as the doctor had ex pressed a wish that his funeral might be a quiet one, a great number of persons assembled topay their last tokens of regard to the deceased, whose invariable kindneuandcourtesy had won for him much respect and esteem. Amongst others we noticed at the grave Mr. D. Barker (brother-in-law of the deceased), the Rev. E. K. Miller, the Hon. C. Mann, MR, Mem. O. H. Hyles, JJP., J. Mann. J.P., W. Kernel!, T. B. Kelly, J. Harvey, A. Y. Harvey. R. Smith. JJ?., IV. Thompson. T. S. Porter, J.P- H. Smith, and Jas.dark.Jf. The following letter, published in the Stcrmdl Ckroxtde, will give some idea of the ' progress which is being made in cutting the track for the railway through the mallee to Weatworth.—"We are sixty miles from Donald ■ and fort; from the stilting point, and have nothing but a dense scrub all around us. We have about one hundred miles yet to do, and the country is very barren, not a blade of grass to be seen I have not seen as much grass since leaving Morton Plains as you oonld bold in your hand, but there is Gome fine land on both sides of the line, which will all be taken up if the railway comes this way. The weather is very fine by day and cold at night, so that we have lost no time yet. We can do about fifteen miles a month." Messrs. Thompson & Ridey are vigorously pushing on the Banmga Extension Bailway to Black Point. They have fully 40 hands em ployed, and are willing to put on as many as may apply. The Wcilmno Thmet baa been in formed "that the time allowed them is 35 weeks. If such is the ease it certainly shows little disposition on the part of the Government to get the line completed in time for the next harvest." The same paper says:—" The Govern ment are at last making 80016 prugnas with the Kadhia and Port Wakefield Bailway. The loco motives, we are informed, are running on the line to die top of the Hammocks, a distance of nearly 15 miles and the mail is taken as far as the eight mile-post from the Port Wake&eld; end. At this rate of progress there seems some chance of the Government getting the work done by the time promised to the deputation which last waited upon them." "The fact that the Mount Gambler Waterworks was not mentioned among the items for which a new loan is to be floated, and that little or no reference has been made to the sub ject in Parliament, has," says the Smdh-Eosttrn Star, "caused a doubt to exist in the minds of the local public as to the sincerity of the Go vernment when they promised to include our water supply in their broad and comprehensive policy. We are glad to be able to dispel that doubt. Mr. Chas. Clark being on a visit to Adelaide, we requested him, in the interests of the Mount Gambler public, to enquire into tbe intentions of the Government, and our tele graphic news contains the result of his oom pliance with our request. Mr. Oswald Brown, the Hydraulic Engineer, is to visit Mount Gam bier shortly to report upon the scheme, and his estimate of the cost of supplying the town will be included in the general Estimates for the year." To-day the long-talked-of new time table for'the trains between Adelaide and tbe Semaphore will come into force. The first two trains will leave Adelaide at 650 and 8 o'clock a.ro., and the Semaphore at tbe same hour, after which the trains will start from each end every three- quarters of an hoar up to 8 o'clock in the evening. The trains will then run hourly up to 10 o'clock, and the last train will start from each end at a quarter-past 11 o'clock. The trains will run through from A^«*1?M«? to the Semaphore and vice versa, and will pass each other at Alberton. the Port being used simply as a side station at which the trains will stop two minutes. Hitherto a large number of (persons at the Port have been in the habit of goingto Aiberton and Woodville by the midday train for their lunch, but they will not now be able to do so. There are also other inconveniences «*?in?«*mi with the alteration which have already been referred to in our columns. We have been favored with the perusal of an interesting letter, dated Chicago, May 24, 1878, received by Mr. C. 8. Bare, VLB., bom Mr. James T. TurnbuU, and avail ourselves of the permission, to publish a few brief eifaeuto. "The railroads, bridges, care, Ac, would please you; the time is kept to a moment, and that on a journey of 2.199 miles. Salt take City is worth a visit." . . . "Saint Xioms X like much; also that noble river the Mississippi, on which I spent some time, going up stream J2h miles an hour. Chicago is the most go- ahead" city in the East—streets six and seven miles long. I visited the largest pork packing estabhshments yestetday, where 5,000 hogs are killed daily, nearly 10 * minute—over 10,000 men at full work; saw the whole process, coming away more pleased than ever with the smartness of our American Cousins." ... "Reclining chair cars are the newest thing out." . . . "Tom Thumb is nowhere along side the Midgets. The proportion is just as shown on die card." . . . "In one day we passed over 2JOOO cars, all loaded. You can not imagine the big traffic) going on in this country" The Globe Hotel, Bandie-fitaset, winch has been so long held by Mr. Xbbw, baa at length changed hands. The new landlord, Mr. William Bladder, contemplates considerable alterations in the building. The Ufa*^ mnH pantry ac ■ commodatioa is to be much jmre«oi. Tie present stables are to be pulled down, and four commodious shops are to be erected in their place, extending down to Messrs. Hodgkiss's warehouse, in Stephens-place. Over the shops there axe to be eleven bedrooms and a bath room in connection with the hotel, and sundry smaller improvements. The stables will be placed at the rear of the shops. They an to contain twelve stalls, a couple of loose boxes, carriage sheds, and harness-rooms. Above this a large billiard-room will be bunt, in which there will be four tables, with ample room for more tables if necessary. There will also be a bar, a parlor, and a lavatory in this portion of the building. The entrance to the billiard saloon is to be from Handle-street, a passage from which will lead up to the room. The architect for the alterations is Mr. E. H. Bayer. I lieutenant-Colonel Scratchley, R.E., has returned to Melbourne after a visit of inspec tion to the defence works now being carried out at Brisbane. While there Colonel Scratchley inspected the newly-formed volunteer corps, and the result of his inspection wasembodied in a re port, in which he says. "A field force should possess three qualifications, which are abso lutely essential for its efficiency— accurate ■booting witt gun and rifle, good and steady marching, rapid movements in extended order. The field artillery should be put through a regular course of shot and shell practice, and a small number of field movements; said unogemeDtx should be made for the regu lar horsing of the guns. The infantry should be subjected to a regular coarse of musketry instruction in their drill-sheds as well as on the rifle ranges. It is desirable to exercise the gar rison artillery at field-gun drill without field movements aa well as at heavy gun-drill. They should also be pat through a course of shot and shell practice, together with musketry iustruo tion, in order that they may be able to defend a, battery against assault incase of need. As to foot-drill, it is only necessary that the garrison artilkry should be taught such rrovemeuts as are needed for inspections and general | parades." A trial of Scoble's improved grubbing machine took place in Mr. T. K. Heath's pad dock. between Kadina and Wallaroo, on Wed nesday, August 7. The Wallaroo Times states that "there were a great many farmers and others interested in agriculture present. Pre vious to commencing operations Mr. J. Will shire, at the request of Mr. Scoble, read over several clauses in the patent, so as to prove to the public that he had really patented his machine, which some people doubted. Machines were being manufactured. Mr. Scoble remarked, after the principle of his own which he considered was unfair to him as patentee. The machine on the ground for trial was a light horse one, manu factured by Messrs. May & Tonkin of Wallaroo, After an hour's trial it was pronounced by the public to have done its work well. The im provements effected on the machine certainly facilitate its working, as there is now no trouble in taking the chain off the spindle. Instead of having to reverse the motion of the machine to unwind the chain a pin is removed, and the chain is pulled from off the spindle with the utmost ease. There can be but one opinion as to its suitablity as a grabbing machine. At the close Mr. Scoble stated that he intended to com pete for the £200 reward offered by the Govern ment for the best grubbing machine, which con test is to take place at Gawler Town next: month. This contest will be looked forward to with great interest, as it is well known that a number of machines will be entered by Penin sula manufactures." On Saturday morning, August 10, the members of Mr. A. Clark's teachers' singing class met at the City Model Schools for the pur pose of presenting him with an address and gift. The address was as follows:—"TV* Alexander Clark. Esq., Head Master City Model Schools.— The members of your teachers' singing clan feel that they cannot allow the kindness and per severance you have ahown in the furtherance of the tonic-col-fa method of singing in tbe public schools of this colony to be passed over without some alight expression of gratitude for the same. They are convinced that tbe instruction you have imparted with such seal and apttta.ie baa been of immense advantage to the teachers of South Australia, sod will be attended with bene ficial results in the schools through the enliven ing effect cast upon the daily duties. While sin cerely regretting the discontinuance of the class they wish yuu every success in your future en deavors to promote the tonic-nol-f a method, ami respectfully bt-g your acceptance of the accom panying gift.—Signed on behalf of the members, Victor J. Pavia, Bichard T. Barnard, Annie Burgess. Mary Christie.'' Tbe gift consisted of a handsome silver butter-dish, cake basket, and claret jog. Mr. Harry, in making tbe presenta tion, rpoke of tbe high esteem in which Mr. Clark was held by the teachers, and made a few ap propriate remarks. Mr. dark, in acknow ledgment, expressed his deep gratitude for the handsome presents, and said that as long as be lived he would remain tie true friend of every yoong teacher. Short addienses ware given by Messrs" Webb, Keale, and King, and the meeting concluded by singing *■ Auld Lang Syne." With reference to the Melbourne female kidnapper, the Age of August 8 writes:— * The sensation consequent upon the abduction and recovery of Mrs. Potts'* child appears likely to be increased by revelstions eonoaroiag tbe life of the woman Mary Agnes Fitxgibboo, who has admitted she stole the infant. It has already been stated that this woman had led a disso lute life, but it has now been ascertained that in addition to the cruel theft of the cfcitd she has committed bigamy. When first met by Fitzgibbon, nearly two years since, the accused represented that she was a single woman, and as such she married him. but it baa now been <iisoovered that the married a man named Lawrence O'Daly in the latter end of 1875, or tbe beginning of 1876. O'Daly is still alive, and is in Melbourne, and a further sensation ill feature has been added to the ease, as it is now suspected that Mr. Potta's child was not the first which this depraved woman stole. It hai been ascertained that in 1873 ake was employed in the Castlemaine Hotel, Little Bourke-stroet. ! After this she met O'Daly, who i* a laborer, and after cohabiting with him for some time she was married to him by the Registrar. In order to induce O'lialy to marry her she , represented that she was atcrtutt, but after marriage die did not stay long with him. O'Daly state* that after site left him he thinks she lived in improper bouses, but in a short time die returned with a child in her mv. told O'Daly that she had been confined, and that he was the father, very ranch in the same way as she, at a later period in her life, told Fitzgibbon that he was the father of Potts'* child. O'Daly, however, doubted the truth of her rspretentatious, but after the pair had lived together for some months another separation occurred. It was soon after that she fell in with Fitzgibboo. but nothing is at present known about the child of which O'Daly was the puta tive father. A portrait of that child, however, is in the hands of the detectives, who are en deavoring to trace it if possible." The City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P.) held an inquests* the Hospital on Satur day evening, August 10, on the body of Henry Otuiau, who was admitted into that institution on Friday suffering from the effects of an aoci . dent. Mr. Oliver **???*""*? was <*«^i Foreinau :of the Jury. The evidence showed that the 1 deceased, who was manager for Mr. E. M. liagot lat his stable*, Lockleyis, drove away from the I Foundry Hotel, in Hindley-street, on Friday ; evening, at 5 o'clock. He bad been drinking, 1 and was a little -jolly." He was seen half an i hour later at the Hilton Hotel by Gabriel Baird, the District Constable, and was then capable of . managing hia horse and vehicle. He was found by a laborer named James Coouy lying on ; the Plympton-road near Mr. Forniby's gate. ;He was insensible and bleeding from a wound on the back of the head. Coouy saw Mr. Bartlettand others, and told them of tlie accident^ and the deceased was removed to the Hospital. It was further stated that the horse deceased was driving was very "ticklish" when in harness. The opinion was expressed that the deceased turned round the Plympton. xoad too sharply, and that the seat of the trap tipped and threw riw*«nri out. Dr. A. G. Ward, Junior House Surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, said the deceased was Admitted to the Hospital before 9 o'clock on Friday evening. He was insensible, and conld not be roused. Hie died at a quarter- past 6 o'clock on Saturday morning. Had made a jwwf-aiortqit examination, and found a compound fracture of the right temporal and parietal bones, also a lacerated wound about 2| inches in length over the lower jaw extending to the bone. There was con tnsinn of the left knee, and s large exteavassrion of blood on to the surface, and into the ventricles of the brain. All the other organs were tolerably healthy. The cause of death was fracture of the skull and the extra vasation of blood on to and into the brain. These injuries would probably be the result of s fall from * buggy in motion. The police trooper who bad charge jut the witnesses, in answer to the Coroner, said Mr. Chinnick, ihe landlord of the Hilton Hotel, would have been present at the enquiry, but he waa absent from borne. He had, however, ascertained that the iPfgqr—J had only been supplied with one t ale. The Jury 'without Bearing ***rnnaA th MlowingTCrd?*:—•"Tfotdrwsand was anridon taDy thrown oat of bis trap on tbe night of Ruby, the «& August, on «te flymptoitigaj, sear Formhy's gate, fracturing Us skull sad causing bis dean." The want of a place for public worship having been much felt at Rosewater, near Port Adelaide, a number of Primitive Methodists took tbe matter in band, and their efforts were so successful that it was resolved to bund a small chapel, the foundation-stone of which was laid on Saturday, August 10. by Mr.H. C. B. Meocke. J.P., in the presence of some 300 persons, including the fievs. S. iUyswud, R. Kelley, and M. Uoyd,snd Mr. W. W. Winwood. The day was fine, and the srraagements were carried out very satisfactorily under the superintendence of the Bey. 8. Raymond. Tbe chapel, which is to be built of atone, will be square in shape, so as to allow of ita being lengthened if necessary. Tbe cost, exclusive of the ground and furniture, will be abort £435. The Bey. 8. Raymond, in rxplsining the reasons which had prompted them to build the choreh, said that Adelaide bad been spoken of ass city of churches; but be thought lbs/ could go further than that, and nay South Australia waa a colony of churches. It was thought by some that there were too manr, but be was not of that opinion, though they might perhaps have been better distributed. As a denomination the Primitive Methodists had upward* of l£o churches in the colony capable of accommodating 15.000 people. The want of a church bad been felt in that neighborhood for some time {last, and ho hoped their efforts to pro vide that want would be appreoiated. It was intended to establish * Sondsy- Gcltool in connection with the chapel, and he bad no doubt that it would prove a success. Aa regarded their present object the trustees bad made a wise choice in the selection of Mr. Mueeke to lay tbe foundation- stone, ss that gentleman was well-known and highly respected in the neighborhood. Mr. Mueeke in laying the atone congratulated the Committee on the successful beginning they hmd made with the building. A church in that neighborhood waa very much needed. He quite agiued with Mr. Baymond in his remarks on tbe Sudsy-school, ss be considered H wms most important that tbe young should have a moral and religious training. In alluding to tbe pre sent system of teaching be said be was very sorry tint the Bible was excluded from public schools ss though it was s heathen book not fit to be used. He bad beau watching with great pleasure for many years past the drawing closer and muting of tbe different sects, and be trusted that in course of time their differences would be got over and the number lessened. As regarded the building they were just commencing, he felt sure every effort would be made to complete the work, and be hoped their endeavors would be crowned with «ncc€?s. The other gentlemen on the platform also spoke, after which the ftev. 8. Baymond made an appeal for funds, which was pretty well responded to. At tbe done of the ceremony the company adjourned to s tea bud out in s tent which was erected dose by. A concert and lecture are to be given at the Woodville Institute this evening. Mr. J. L. Parsons is to lecture ia con nection with the North Adelaide Young Men's Society this evening. Rainford'e Ghost Company will make tbeir first appearance at White's JZoobm this evening. A meeting on the subject of an address to the Rielit Hon. IV. Gladstone, M.C. is to be Ik-M at White's Arbitration Boom this after noon. lVior to Martin? on bit* northern tour the Rev Charles Clark will give his lecture on •• Westminster Abbey "at the Bay to-morrow night, and at tbe Port on WednenUy. On tbe remaining days of the week Mr. (Mark will lec ture at Kapundm. G*wier, mod tbe Bnrra,u?t when be returns to town the popular lecturer will give a farewell ■erics of entertainments in the Town Ball. As Miss Christian, who v Profesor of Singing at the Presbyterian I—dies" Collegs, m Melbourne, will be unable to come to Adelaide with Madame Tksea, that eminent pmuisse. by the advice of Mr. R.S.Smythe. has swured the valuable assistance of Madanw-tivorge Robert. son, who was so favorably received at the last Mayor's concert. In the MelbourDe Tewe Hall, on Saturday night, a grand complimentary coo cert was tendered to Madame TWa, who wiU leave for Adelaide on Thursday. The fourteenth of the Maror'e popular raorerts was given m tbe Town Hall on Satur day evening. August 1%. There was a very large- attendance, every mat in the hall and gallery being occupied. The bulk of tbe programme was undertaken by Sicnor Own*, who was assisted by Madame and Mr. Gee. Bebertaea, Mr O.S. Mumme. and Mr. F. A. Reed, VLAM. Sinor Gions is a host in himself, and his skTlful manipulation of tbe fine organ our city hall pow«asiii wn* a rich treat. The great variety of Nounds which may be produced from tl? king of instruments, ??wgiwg from tbe lowest and sweetott bird-like trills to tbe sweHing volume of the full organ, were admir ably Known. It is unnecessary to com ment at length on the programme submitted. The vocalists were in fine voice,and we think we have never beard Mr. Mnmnw to better advantage. Mr. Reed's instrumental perfor mances were exceedingly pleasing, and tbe organ selections wore really grand. That the audience thoroughly enjoyed tbe concert there can be no doubt. The perfect and absolute stillness which prevailed during tbe render* ing of each selection (with one excep tion) concluiivelv proved that good music will charm the most miaoellaneoas audience. Tbe exception we refer to was the interruption during the perfarmanes of the ls?t line on the programme—an organ selection by :->ignor Giorza, in which is intro duced that tender and beautiful composition ••The Prayer of Moms in Egypt," sod *■«• caused by a large number of persons rising to leave. It waa s thoughtless but blamaMe interruption, and we bopa that it will not occur at auy future concert. Altogether last Satur day evening's entertainment was one of tlie most successful of the series, and if the Mayor can ensure the continuance of such musical treats we may safely predict that they will be liberally patronised by the public. 