FOOTBALL NO E S. Br 2Tojiap. The viaib paid to Eallarat by tho Melbourne Club on Ihe Queen's birthday proved most dis astrous to them, for they only succeeded in securing one goal, ?whereas their opponents ob tained live. It must be stated that tbo Mel bourne team was ?weal:, as Ihero waa only about lialf of tholirst twenty present, aud several of them by no means played up lo their form, Eub that is the club's own look out, and it when it makefi an important engagement its players are not. willing to stand by it, tho sooner it gtvc3 up ' the ghost tho bettor. Tho play of tba LuUarat team, I am informed, was remarkably good, bo niupij bo as to leavo it very un certain indeed whether Melbourne, with tho best team it baa at present available, would have Ibeen abla to avert defeat. Its proficiency in little marking was very noticeable— and in Kirl.y and Foley it has two back players not to bo surpassed ly any in tho colony. A. Sherard, too, cannot be beaten as goal sneuk — whilst altogether the team showed a great improvement on what it has . previously done. There is this to he said, how. ever, that tho Ballarat p!ayer3 have alv?aj3 done far better on their own ground than elsewhere, and ifcremainsto-bo seen whether when they come to the metropolis they will be able to sustain the good opinion formed of them after their play in this match. ''Wheaa country club, and especially one so far. distant as Sale, arranges a match with a town club, the, least the former could do. would l-e..t-* have a team to meet them j and it reflects very discreditably upon the Sale Club thaf, though they undertook to bring twenty-five mon into tho field, yet whea tho roll wa3 called on tho day of. battle but fourteen answered to thoir names, although ample notice had been given, and the full nuraberof players had pledged themselves to tako part in-tho match. Ordinarily, thaUa to say at other places, there is always a xnafi. to take part in a match with a noted club, but at Sale the roverse was the case, and it is much to bo feared that norvoiiBness at the idea of meeting such redoubtable opponents had a good cteai to-do with keeping some of the play ors away, Q'he executive of the club are not to be blamed in any way, and the visitors received most hospitable treatment at their bands, but when six or eight Jbo.YB have to be taken in to make a start at ail, ? it does nob say much for the esprit de corps of tho members generally. A splendid exampio was Bet them by Dr. Macdonald, of Sale, who, though he had never played football, was so disgusted ?with. the want of courtesy shown to tho visitors that he joined in the fray himself. If the Sale footballers are not ashamed of being thus set an example by an elderly gentleman, they are more callous than I tako them to be. Under tho circumstances the play, that took place can hardly be dignified by the name of a match ; for Cariton played merely an exhibition game, and iudulged in a variety of antics. Included in tho Sale team Trare Cnllen, formerly of GcelonK, who acted as captain, Dalrymplo, late of St. Kilda, and John ? son, of Molbourne ; and thoae showed that their old proficiency had not deserled thorn. Sale play a match with the University team on Satur* day next, and it is to be hoped they will redeem ifieir character on that occasion. Another leading metropolitan team— the |Ho tham— went to Ballarat on the 24th May, where they met the Ballarat Albion Club and inflicted . a much more severe defeat than is to be gathered from tho single goal obtained by the victors. The Albion Club has or had the reputationJoE being at least on an equality with the Ballarat Club ; if. that is so, then my informant asks what po3 Bible chance can Melbourne Lave against Hotham in the match to be played to-day. And while Bpon this I may mention that Traynor, whoso vacillation has already beon noted by me, has de termined lo remain true to his colors, aud play for Hotham. JEssendon, although they have made up their minds to play as eeuiois this season, could- do no more than draw against Castlemaine, and when they met Cariton next day bad their aspiring hopes most decisively crushed by never having tho vestigo of a chance, and though tho winners got throe goals only. Had they not subordinated everything to showing off their proficiency at tha'iittlo mark' business they might apparently havo easily got half a dozen more. Like West Melbourne, the Easendou have got an up-hill task before them. _ In reference to my statement recently that the South Melbourne club woro likely to disband, their secretary writes to mo that there ia no ground whatever for such a fear, but that, on the eoatrary, tho club ia in a more flourishing aud healthy position than 6vor, having improved generally in its play,;and having a larger mom boi.rollt. Ho adds '.', that wo havo.found agood deal of underhand work going on, to try and bring the club to grief j from quartera where we should oxpuet encouragcmont aud support,' To-day the leading clubs confront each other for the first time, aa Cnrlton and Albert Park meet on the South Melbourne cricket around, and Mel bourne and Hotham on the Melbourne cricket ground. Both matches should draw a largo at tendance. .? Melbouiuie v. South Melbourne' (25).— Melbourne met twenty- fivo of South Mel bourne on the Melbourne cricket ground on' Saturday. At tho start Molbourno, who played with nineteen men, had tho gamo' pretty much their own way, and after about ten minutes' play C. Baker scored a very neat goal. Tho South then rallied up, but in spito of the efforts of J, Gibson and Moad, who played aplendidly, Nicholas got a mark about forty yards distant, a little to tho side, and kicked. a splendid goal. Owing to Watsford's fine play Fahoy then had a good show for the juniors, but kicked wid,e, and the first half ended with two goals to Melbourne's credit. The play on being renewed was moro oven, Bonnie, Longden and Wills play ing -well for Melbourne, while Gibson, Moad J. Addison and Chessell did good useful work for the South. A fine picco of play by Crohan passed the ball on to E. Cooke, who, starting from tho centre of the ground made a 'good ruff, and finish ing with a splendid kick, scored goal No. tbreo for Melbourne. The ball from this out travelled from end to end very quickly, tho game being slightly in favor of the south, andChessell scored a lucky goal for them out of a Ecrimmago. It was now. very dark, and the playcra could hardly, bo distinguished, and A. liabertson getting a' mark in front, scored the second goal for tho South by a good drop-kick. Time was called directly after, Melbourne thus remaining victors by thveegoals to two. Wills, Longden, Bennio' and Cooper played well for Molbourno, as did Gibson, J. Addison, Fahey and Moad for South Melbourne. Warwick v. Diylesford,— A match was played at Dayle3t'ord on the 21th May botween twenty of the Warwick, Melbourne, club and a Dayksford team. Both sides played in a most dctarinined manner, and up to half-time being called no goal was scorod by either club. Soon after resuming Warwick obtained a goal by fine play. This was Iho only goal scored- during tho day. The game was keenly contested throughout, the clubs boing -well matched. Great interest was taken in the match, over a thousand persona being prcsout. The Warwick players were entertained at a banquet in the evening by the Daylesford club. The Hawthorn Club visited Kilmore on the Queen's Birthday, and after a well-contested game with the local club, both sides secured a goal, the match thus resulting in a draw. The goal for Hawthorn was kicked by H. Crawford, from a splendid mark. The playing of G. Meader, F. Spear and H. Crawford for Haw- thorn, and of P. Maloney and Cassells, for Kil- more, was worthy of notice. Hawthorn had a weak team. Northcote v. Buninyong, at Buninyong, on the Queen's Birthday, resulted in a draw after a very well- contested game, no goals being kicked. A match was played at Geelong, on the 24th May, between tho South Melbourne and Cbihvoll clubs, which resulted in a win for the latter by one goal to ?it!. Although tbo South were beaten, they had much tho better of the game, as they kept tho ball continually bovoring about their opponents9 goal, but luck seemed to have deserted them, as tho goal kicked by D. White was the only time the ball- went behind their goal- posts. Hotham-hill played Keilor on the Queen's Birthday, at Keilor, the new ground of tho local clubs being opened on the occasion. The match, after a very close aud exciting game, resulted in a win for the Hill, who secured two goals, kicked by Medway and Gallagher, to one kicked by Staines, for Keilor. After the match, in honor of the Celebration, a dinner aud ball were held in tho State school, to which the visiting team was invited, songs and dancing being kept up till midnight. . 