.; ? vjjjft «*jilsiw :a- t'ilhca Rwwinw ^ . 1>: r- ?? i J. wasafmistake putinghim out Young M'Don nell could have been better spared to make room for a batsman like Cooper. However, it is no good discussing these points now all is over, and the only thing left for us to do is to give our men a right nearty reception on their return, for if they have not had success they have done that which is said to be even better, they " have deserved it." The result of this match confirms me in the opinion I formed last Intercolonial, namely, that the New South Wales batting is not, right through, nearly of the same quality as their bowling. They have two or three stubborn batsmen, such as Nat. Thompson and Sheridan, who are difficult to dispose of, but if these succumb for a small score there seems to be no one else to take up the run ning. If our system of selection is improved upon, and our really best team does battle for us next December, I look forward to the tide of reverse being turned by a brilliant victory. 1 understand there is some hitch about the arrangements for the match between the Australian Eleven and 18 of Victoria, which was to have been played on the Mel bourne ground on the 7th, 8th, and 9th of March. These dates have been altered to a week or so later, in consequence of the match in Sydney being later than was ori ginally arranged, and now the managers for the Eleven have taken exception to the terms asked by the Melbourne club, and the match may not take place on that ground after all. I trust this difficulty will be arranged, fas there is no doubt the metro politan ground is by far the best for the match, both as regards the comfort of the spectators and the profit of the speculators, and I think the Eleven will find it to their advantage to accept the terms asked by the club rather than play on any other ground. I understand the Melbourne club's tariff, which will be insisted on whenever the ground is let in future, is 20 per cent, on the gross takings for the ground and one-third of the receipts from the grand stand. The match between the Australian Eleven and a combined Fifteen of Victoria and New South Wales commenced yesterday at Sydney. The match has been deprived of some of its interest owing to four Victorian players who were chosen not playing. Cooper and Slight were unable to remain, and Elliott and Hodges apparently placed a higher value on their services than the managers for the Eleven were disposed to give. However, a fair fifteen was got together, but so far the match appears to be much in favour of the Eleven. Seventy-eight runs is a very small score for the Fifteen, and will have to be considerably bettered m the second innings for them to have even " the ghost of a show " of winning. I am glad to see that Allan appears to have quite recovered bis health, and is bowling in quite his old form, being credited with nine wickets out of the four teen. 