A DOMESTIC DIALOGUE. SCENE : A six-roomed house in Carlton. DRAMATIS PERSONS Family of a discharged Civil Servant. The YOUNG DAUGHTER.—0, Mama, mama; here is a big van at the door, and the mau says lie lias come to fetch the furniture away to be sold at Beauchamp's. Can it lie done ? Will you not stop him ? MOTHER.—I cannot, dear. Everything must be sold. Your father is a ruined man. Y. D.—Who has ruined him ? What has lie done ? M. —The Government has ruined him, my dear. He lias given the best years of his life to the public service ; and now lie is turned adrift at a moment's notice. Y. D.—But what is a Government, mama? Is it a cruel tyrant, such as we read of in history ? I have often heard papa say that we are living in better times and under freer institutions. M.—Nominally we are, dear; but a Government in this colony means nine men with a great aversion to honest labour, and a great propensity to frothy and foolish talking, who obtain power by imposing upon popular credulity, and who retain it by appealing to and exciting the worst passions of human nature. They tell the working man that the educated and propertied classes—many of whom have become what they are by industry, sobriety, and prudence—are their natural enemies ; that it is a crime to save up money, so as to create funds for the employment of labour; and that the accumulation of all capitalists ought to be confiscated for the advantage of "the people." Y. D.—But who are "the people," mama ? Do not we form part of "the people"? M.— 0, no ; " the people" are those who agree with, and approve of the language and conduct of the levellers. Everybody else is an enemy of "the people." Y. D.—And yet papa pays rates and taxes, doesnthe? and is a member of the community. M. —Yes ; but that is nothing. It is the majority who rule ; and the minority must either consent to be suppressed, and hold their lives, and liberties, and persons at the mercy of the majority, or go to some other country where they will not be calumniated and denounced as enemies of " the people " : and where it is lawful to possess, preserve and enjoy the fruits of industry and thrift. Y. IX— But are we not living under the protection of Enghs.i law and the English flag? Does not the Governor stand to us in the place of the Queen of England? M.—He ought to do, my dear; but he doesn't. He is weak and vacillating; and listens to advisers who are endeavouring to ruin him, instead of maintaining a rigorous impartiality, and obeying the voice of duty. Y. D. —This is sad, very sad and pitiful. But why should papa suffer ? M.— Ah ! that is the miserable injustice of it. These nme men feeling that thev cannot wreak their vengeance upon the Legislative Council, as one of the guardians of the public purse, and as the representatives of 30,000 tax payers, strike a cruel blow—a coward's blow—at the feeble and the defenceless. We are ruined because forty or fifty members of the Assembly have been baffled in the attempt to put £18,000 of the taxpayers' money into their own pockets. Y. D.—It seems incredible that such things should occur in any part of the English realm. The nine men you speak of, do they get much from the Treasury ? M.—Not one of them receives less than £1025 afyear, and one of them gets £2175 a year. Y. M.— D.—For talking. doing what ? Y. D.—And yet they begrudge papa his three pounds a week. 'M.—Yea: and Mr. Berry provides his own son-in-law with a E billet of four pounds a week. Y. D.—Does he belong to " the people," mama ? M.—Everybody who supports the Ministerial nine-pins belongs to " the people," and everybody who has a deposit account in the Savings Bank, or who has bought a few acres of land, or who has risen from the condition of a working man to that of an employer of labour, is an enemy of "the people"; and a person to be persecuted and punished. . Y. D.—But are even the wage-earning classes so destitute of m- telligence, and so incapable of reasoning, as not to see that such doctrines as these, if acted out, would lead society back to barbarism ? M.—My dear girl, in what is called the political life of this colony, the reason of " the people" is never appealed to; only their passions. The first thing the professional demagogues in the press and on the platform do, is to get up an excitement; to provoke envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness; to stir up strife ; to represent the prosperous as the enemies and oppressors of the idle, the drunken, the discontented, the improvident^ and the predatory classes of society ; and to stimulate the worst feelings and lowest emotions of the human mind, Y. D.—How devilish I ^ M.—Yes, but not less devilish than true. You will never find one of these mischievous demagogues instructing the "people,' as to the foundation principles of society, even if lie were capable of so doiug. You will never hear liiin addressing himself to the understanding and judgment of a crowd, but to their excited feelings. He does not tell them that the body politic is just like the body physical ; that each part of it depends upon every other; that there is no such thing as equality ; that the bones are the servants of the muscles, the muscles of the nerves, the nerves of the brain, and the brain of the mind; and that the stomach is the servant of them all. He does not point out that as there is gradation of structure, and gradation of function, so there muBt be also gradation of reward; and that to complain because one man is paid £1500 per annum for doing work requiring exceptional qualities, skill, and experience, is as irrational as for the stomacli to complain that the brain receives the first blood from the heart, and absorbs for its nutrition and reparation, no less than one-fifth of the entire volume of the blood pumped out of the left ventricle of the heart. Y. D.—Is that true, Mama? M —Yes dear ; as it is also true that the brain weighs only about one-fortieth part of the weight of the whole body. Now suppose the stomach to say, "It's aninfamous shame for me to goon elaborating this enormous quantity of blood every day, when one-fifth of it goes to fatten that delicately nurtured fine gentleman, Mr. Cerebrum, who sits up there in a beautiful mansion, with five avenues leading uptoit, and who does nothing himself, but merely superintends and directs the labour of the hands and arms, legs and feet, and the rest of the hardworking members of this corporeal community. I propose that we conspire for his destruction." What do you suppose would be the result of such a state of things ? Y. M.—Why D.—I really it would don't be know. just.this : If the brain . were starved, the whole body would be paralysed, Y D. (going to the windm).—Rv& see, Mama; they are taking out Charley's"toys and baby s cot. Will everything be sold? M.—Everything, my dear; there is no help for it, Y D —And cannot papa obtain any other employment ? M.—I see no prospect of it. People who require sueli services as he can render, are cutting down their establishments, and reducing their expenditure; because in a country where " revolutionary proceedings are resorted to, no one feels any confidence in the future, or any security that his property will not be confiscated, and that lie himself will not be held up to obloquy as an enemy of "the people Besides, for every vacancy that might arise, there would be a hundred applicants^^ w b a t s h a l l w e d o > Mama. Papa is looking as white and haggard as a ghost, and you seem ten years older than you were a fortnight ago. What is before us ? M.—The Benevolent Asylum or the Immigrants Home ! 