THE FATAL TEST.;; Onb night, while seated .witH BOirie, friends, the subject of " courage" came up for discussion, and divers were the opinions advanced aa to what it truly was, and what would be a proper test to'Vprove' the true metal" from the false. The argument waxed warm, and twelve o'clock found us far from any decision. . , Albert O'Brien, a scion of the Emerald Isle, had beep particularly boastful, .and longed for a chance to have his Milesian 'bravery put to the test, boldly avowing that no Englishman ever possessed one title of the disregard of danger that /belonged to his warm-blooded brothers.- ''\r' This was, of. course,' denied;and /Frank Leslie, a Hampshire youth, cold and passionless, strenuously maintained that directly opposite | was the case ; that the fiery " ardour of the Milesian was like gunpowder-a flash, and nothing "more-a furious sound, ./ending in ; smoke; while that of the Englishman [was like thrice-heated steel, glowing and lasting to. the verydeatb. ; / "I dare do anything that you dare,", replied Albert, his anger getting the better of his judgment. " , "Bare you'? We will see, my boy. Wait here, all of you, until I return -and Frank took his hat and disappeared. "We heard his firm step upon the stairs heard him open and shut the door, and saw his tall form for a moment in the street. Then it wa? lost to ns, for the night was intensely dark and stormy. The rain swept round corners in gusts, and the wind fairly rattled the windows and howled down the chimneys. It was just the night to make one think of ghosts-the dead- everything that the soul shrinks from communion or fellowship with. I know not if <)ther minds dwelt upon such themes as mine did; but certainly a spell ap peared to have fallen upon all, for silence took the place of noisy discussion, and the room that a few moments before had rang with loud de bate was undisturbed as the tomb. A half whisper, "I wonder where he has gone!" were the only words spoken until Frank returned, shook the sleety drops from his person, coolly took his seat, lighted his pipe, and renewed the conversation with an air of perfect unconcern. " I have fulfilled my part of the contract; now fulfil yours," he said. " Well,what have you done?-where have you been ?" questioned Albert, still defiant, "You know, all of you, the vault in the old grave-yard on the opposite corner- you know it, for we were in it this very morning, and remarked thepeculiarmanner in which the coffins had been placed. They form, as you will remember, three sides of a square, the fourth beincr the door at the foot of the steps.- Well, I have' been there-have crawled down the long steps -entered the vault in all its, darkness and fanciful horrors-walked to the extreme end, > : and placed my watch and chain on the pile of decayed coffins there. You go and bring it, Albert-alone-without a light," [as I have done, and I will ovn that you, at least are as brave as Englishmen/' / A thrill of horror-a sickening, chilling^ sensation took possession of us aU as we fully drank in the purport of his slowly uttered, carefully measured words; and every eye was turned upon the Irishman, to mark the effect upon him. Truly he was like marble! Every | drop of the ruddy blood that usually glowed' beneath his soft cheeks had been driven back to his heart, and he stood like one entranced. That he was nerving himself for the task, I plainly saw; and that his entire i nature shuddered at the bare thought of going alone and in darkness into the mouldy abodo of ; the ancient dead, was equally plain to me. : Nothing but his pride kept him from at once confessing his fear: ard well indeed would it have been if even that had failed him.. "Frank is but joking," I said, anxious to break tlte stony silence, and to awake myself | and companions from the dreadful nightmare j that had seized every heart in its lev clutches, j " I-shall-go-and-see !" was* the reply from the ashy lips that almost refused to do their office. . "You shall not! It is .horrid-dreadful was echoed on every side. " Cowards, all 1" retorted Frank, refilling his pipe, and watching us with his cold iron-grey eyes% / "You might call me a coward.till dooms day," I replied, " before I'd go.. It is simply a foolhardy Undertaking.** " All afraid of ghosts, as I live! " again tauuted Frank. *' Albert is a medical student, and therefore ought to be familiar with the dead." . > . ' " You shall not go, Albert," came from half a-dozen pair of lips, and as many hands were laid upon' him. ->: * " Let'mc go, gentlemen. Iam no coward, and yet I will not foolishly deny that tlie first thought struck mo withthe utter dcsolateness of the undertaking:" and he put aside our hands I and departed. I For a moment all stood still not knowing j what to do; and then, as if by intuition, we I followed him, without waiting to listen to the mocking words and laughter of tho cold-blooded Frank Leslie. Wo saw Albert leap the high fence; we heard him creeping down the slimy, mossy steps; and then, even as we, too, had clambered over the enclosure and were letting ourselves down into the tangled grass, wo heard a rattling sound, a heavy fall, and A shriek that pierced our brains^ Not another sound-and while one, more collected than the rest, hurried back to the room for a' light, wc stood there with great sweat-drops upon our foreheads, and hurriedly breathing hearts, but otherwise as motionless as the long-mouldered dead beneath our feet: Tho light was brought; and, rendered des perate by our feelings, we rushed down; the; slippery stairs in a body, and saw -- great heavens! "will any of us "ever forget it ?-we saw the senseless form of our friend stretched upon the stone pavement, half covered by dead bones and the wreck of rotten coffins ? "We tore him from his fearful surroundings, raised him in our arms, and' bore him from that ghastly charnel-house; and we saw as we laid him on a'couch' that' he had' the watch and chain-the fatal test-grasped firmly in one hand, while secured to a button- hole of his coat hung a fragment of a coffin by tho rusted screw! \ . ;* . Of that night, of the days that followed, I will not write. ^They were fraught with agony to all; but amid the whirl of At* delirium we learned, in disjointed sentences, the history of the scene, in, the vault. He had safely reached the watch, taken it from the pile of coffins, and turned, to go,. when he found Ms coat held as if by invisible hands. What was he to think? Had'not the outraged spirits of the dead clutched him for thus sacrilegiously invading their home? What would they do with him?--how long hold him ? The thought ?was madness, and he struggled to break away, when the piled-iip rotten shells fell bursting around him', and the ghastly, rattling-bones struck him on every side! A shriek of horror -the rest to him was chaos! . With the dawn of the morrow Frank'Leslie disappeared, and I never saw him again. Months after, Albert O'Brien was taken home,' to: recover amid the verdant groves of his father s home. They were in "their sweet summer bloom when, he reached and tho. autumn* winds "vyhirled their leavb/s over k*3 ffrave« A- brave, generous heart ceased to beat, and a genius-lighted mind was lost to ea*^*1 ky a vain, foolish test; and now that more t>"\a,B00re °f ^ve passed, T write the tale, ct.jynoraa^warnihg.,. ' . ": TEXAN WlijD B04RS.: ' AErnAKTT I SHALL never forget the ^ happened tome at a peceaiy-hm1 J- £aa letters of introduction to a planter at Cant>. vreetfrom his brother, who is still living at ' and is an intimate friend of mine. Mi. John Morgan emigrated to Texas in 1837 with brother, the youngest of the three, and hus plantation was certainly the finest in . the country. I was a poor sportsman compared with these two bold pioneers, and hence they took A pleasure in initiating me into the dangers of a trapper's life in this primitive country. The neccaries, or wild boars, for some time past hatl been committing great ravages inMr. Morgan's com and maize fields, and he had declared deadly war* pgainst them. Naturally, the men told me about their exploits and dangers.' It amused m<2 to hear' them' vow vengeance when they sho wefl their best dogs accidentally ripped up by the Texan boars; accidentally I say, for no dog care-? ardently for the pursuit of peccary-hunting ali^r having engaged in it once. One morning, Mr. John Morgan, on reinrn ing home to breakfast, told us that he had'been to judge for himself of the damage done to his corn-fields by a ,bear and by a herd of peccaries. He soon found the track of the bear, and, was following it when he found himself face to faco with a herd of peccaries, who were wetting their tusks upon the maize stems,, and cutting the com down round them as a scythe would do it. It was too late to effect an honourable retreat, for he had been seen by the peccaries, who, according to their wont, darted at once in pursuit, grunting and gnashing their tusks ^to gether at every step. To stop and fire his rifle was impossible, and Mr. Morgan was forced, to run for his life. He darted towards a fence, and was lucky enough to reach it before the peccaries caught^ him. He climbed on to the. highest rail, and'the peccaries rose cn their hind-legs and began tearing the wood with their tusks. The rails were tarred, and Mr. Morgan assured us he found himself in the position of " a hen dancing on red-hot iron," while he fired with all possible speed. He had killed several peccaries, but the fury »f.the remainder seemed to increase. Sndt^nly. be felt the rail giving way under his feet, and before he could grasp anything he found him-, self lying on his back in a canebrake on the other side. To pick himself up and bolt once more did not take Mr. Morgan a minute. ' At last he reached the house, fortunately without meeting any more of the enranged peccaries. We hastily finished breakfast, and at once made preparations to find the. bear, which was a more dangerous neighbour to the Morgans than the peccaries. We all three mounted, preceded by a negro, who blew a cow's hom, as He said, for the purpose of terrifying the " vermin of hogs." " ": . rhc pack of dogs wassuperb'. All were trained for bear-hunting, and belonged to a cross-breedf of bull and bloodhound. Their skin bore traces of wounds from, the tusks , of the peccaries and the formidable nails'of the bear. While advancing in the direction of the projected hunt, Mr. Morgan gave' vmo the requisite instructions" to avoid an awkward meeting with the peccaries. He advised mo more especially not to resist, but to bolt, unless I wished to have my horse hurt, and run the risk of having my legs ripped open. I naturally promised to be most prudent, but the delighted barking of the dogs soon drove iroin my mind all thought of the dangerous game we were going to attack.. - We had reached the canes, and our horses had the greatest difficulty in forcing their?way through the intertwinded leaves and wild vines, which rendered a passage impracticable.' A lizard would have found great difficulty in crawling a long the paths on which we . urged .our 6teeds; We eagerly followed, the bloodhounds, -which uttered formidable'barks. But suddenly :ia terrible uproar was audible ahead, of usj ac companied by yells enough to make; one's . hair stand on end. Each of.us took his- own- road as he thought best suitedfor getting the chanco I of a shot at Bruin, for that was really the, ! animal the dogs were pursuing. !- "o The horse On* which I was mounted . dashed ; into the thickst coppice, indulging in pranks j which required all? my skill as a rider to 'pre-' I vent me from being thrown; During"'this time the bear was at bay at av spot near'"the one where I was. All at; once it dashed for ward and passed a few yards from mi,. though I was unable to see owing to the density of the leafy veil that hid it?from;- my sight! : ;At this moment my horse became furious. X found it impossible to guide hisc-, and felt myself lifted out of the saddle by the &snas; that entangled me on all sides Luckily £ had the presence of mind to tug at the reins,, and regained; my balance without thinMng'of the bruises I: had received. The shock forced jne to comprehend the perplexing position in which I was,' and -I then thought about cutting my way out: of the copse by the help of my hunting-knife. r * ;f . At the same moment, the brtar,* which'hai found niy three comrades after it, returned towards me, followed by the.doi.'S, and tiearing: down the caries and creepers iu its passage.' My horse was theii seized with a terror "which rendered it more furious than the first timeJ ! It dashed aheady but turning round; to free; ! itself, it was soon caught in a network of creeps ! *ing plants, whose: solidity would ; have: defied] the powerful arm of aamson»orf a Herculesi At this imminent 'moment the bear' again; passed me, harassed by the dogs, which were savagely biting it. . ' On seeing' the ferocious animal, my hors& began backing so tremendously that I felt' suffocated by the pressure of the lianas which, opposed' my retreat, from the' thicket. With, great effort, and the loss of my entire coat sleeve, whose rags remained hanging-in the brambles, I succeeded in liberating m y arm,, and with the help of my bowie-knife I cut' so. many branches that I succeeded in getti ng out; of the labyrinth. ; At this moment I was able to listen to the formidable concert of snorts^ yells, and barking, offered us by the borses^ the dogs, and^he bear, which was ' facing* enemies. I advanced'as well as I could inthe direction of the fight, which seemed to' be coming off at the loot of a gigantic tree. £ distinctly heard the shouts of my ? hosts, who,. like myself, were approaching'the cenixe Of j operations*. r : : " 5 All ot once, John Morgon and I pierced She hedge of canes which concealed; us from, each other. In the midst of a bare space of about ten yards, which. had been levelled by tfie= combatants, "we perceived the bear trying to clamber up a tree. The dogs, which felt ; themselves backed up by the approach of thes^l hunters, had mttdo a final dash at their ferocious' foe, to whom tuey clung on all sides. . Mr.. Morgan and myg^lf.tried in vain' to find a spot;; <>n the bearhide in which to lodge'a bullet;;: we were afraid of killing the dogs. / "While we Vere' hesitating about using . our: guns, and the bear was shaking off the dogs in; all directions, a herd; of peccaries/suddenly-j appeared,'and simultaneously charged bear J dogs, and Hunters. ' The shouts, the yells, the\ general bolt, can only, be appreciated by thoseo who have found themselves rVa,similar.fcitua-] tion. The dogs rushed towards us /with their; tails between their legs. The bear, rendered mad by bites, blindly distributed'd(»th"*arouh4i. with its pawBanS teeth.. - ",* * r'.~ Th£ first feeling of us four was ooe of' stupor", hut soon the1 consciousness of tho danger wO werG incurring aroused us from our. momentary stupor. -- > . ; " AVe must off Tr 3Ir. Morgan cried, in a. voice expressive pf anger and insane laughter. His brother and the n^gro who followed us. joined him in crying, "The pcccarics! the» peccaries; let ns escape 1" \ * . . This unexpected cry wat* drowned by th&; discharge of our nfles into J-he midst of the>. cane-brake, where the peccaries were perform ing an irregular charge. Our horses, impelled.; now more by fear than by out spurs, soon carried us back to Mr. Morgan's plantation, ? where I carefully placed iu my portmanteau the shooting coat which would remind me, should I ever forget it, of my first meeting with American peccaries. 