A NEGRO PREACHER ATTACKING SCIENCE WITH FAITH. FozonuZiEx at eight o'clock on the night of the 39th April the Her, John Jinper ascended the stage of Lincoln HaiL and was introduced to a rather ?hm andi0BC»by J. W. Johnson. This celebrated Baptist clergyman, wbo has grown in notoriety, with the rapid growth of Jonah's gourd, is about fire feet ten inches high, sinewy and well made, with a mod bullet head set firmly on strong squsre shoulder*. His black and glossy forehead slopes ab ruptly and steeply from tbe eyebrows, which are shaggy, prominent, and jut tine above, deep-set eyes that when the preacher gets well down to his work, fairly bum with luminous light. His face is oval, with the advancing chin of the Negro, but his features are quite shapely and strongly marked. A shaggy beard and moustache cover hie face. His feet are short, but very broad, with a high instep and no arch. He was dressed in a black cutaway coat and dark clothes, and worn gold studs in his shirt front, and gold-bowed spectacles on his nose. His voice is a strong musical tenor of much power, but in its ordinary tones thick and muffled. There is a great deal of mag netism about the man; he is thor oughly in earnest, and at a coloured camp-meeting would gather in the converts at a rate to gladden the souls of Wesley and Whitfield. His style is eminently adapted to the wants of his congregation, and only lacks culti vation to be singularly powerful and effective. He is essentially dramatic, and his descriptive powers are pictorial and graphic to a high degree. He is an unconscious humorist. Withal, he is a logician of no mean rank, and reasons from his premises to his con clusions with a force and directness that only need cultivation and informa tion to be of convincing weight and influence. Opening his meeting with an old-fashioned hymn, in which the audience joined, he read the 114tb Psalm, and called on Mr. Johnson to pray. Then he arose and said he ' would prove that the sun do stand still, prove it from the leds of the Bible. He ' didn't know nothin' about outsiders, and dealt only with God's word, which war writ by holy men inspired by the spirit of God, moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and authorised by God's authority to light a lamp for the feet and prepare a guide for the path.' He was not a gram marian, and had ' never been to school in his life except seven months' thumb- ing of a New York spelling-book, but had been directed to studying tbe Bible, and asked God, for Jesus Christ's sake, to lighten him.' He then de scribed his conversion, his entrance into tbe ministry, and tbe manner in which he was brought into this argu ment. He had preached it by request four times, on each occasion his white hearers increasing in number. Then, warming with his subject, and rising equal to the emergency, he plunged into the famous sermon which has carried the name of Jasper all over the country. ' Ladies and gentlemen,' said he, ' before proving, as I have been for merly do, that the sun do move, I shall go into Egypt extensively, and after devouring my subject will then travel into Canaan, and show by the Lord's own mouth that tho sun gets up in the morning in the east, whar you kin see him if you wants to, and goes over houses and trees and territories and co't-houses till he goes down in the west, where he hasteneth back again to the starting- place. Now that the Lord is a man of war, just take notice of Exodus xv., 3, and 'scuse me for mean dering around in Egypt, for I shall not undertake to prove that the sun do move until I get over into Canaan. From the Creation until the Flood, when the Lord drowned everybody but Noah and his family, was sixteen hun dred and fifty-six years. Then four hundred years after, when the world got de-multiplied with people pretty thick like, the Lord took Abraham out of the land of Haran way from his kin dred and relations, who was idolaters, and after giving him a son he made up his mind to try Abram's faith. It was a so'ce of pleasure for Abraham— ex- cuse me for calling him Abraham ; bis name war Abram, but it comes kinder pat, but I don't mean it — to look at young Isaac ; but the Lord said, says he, ' Abram, take de boy up to Morias' mounting, and strap to a pile of logs for a burnt sacrifice.' Now, if Abram had been a philosopher, and hadn't had unshooken confidence, he'd have said, ' Lord, if I stick my knife in young Isaac's throat, whar ye gwyne to get another boy of mine through whom to bless the human race ?' But Abram wasn't a philosopher ; he heard the Lord, he saddled his ass, he rode to Morias' mounting, and was jess ready to make a burnt sacrifice of Isaac, when an angel of the Lord — I don't know his other name — called out to Abram, 'See here, old man, that's enough ; don't kill the boy. Thar's an old ram got caught by the horns in the thicket over thar, make a burnt sacrifice out on him.' And Abram be begot Isaac, and Isaac he begot Jacob, and Jacob he begot twelve sons, and they all went down into Egypt's land, whar I've been meandering all this time. Thar they stayed four hundred years, and then God said to Moses one day, ' Moses, I have heard the prayers, and seen the tears, and watched the cares, and pitied the fears of my people down in Egypt, so you go down to the royal town, tell Pharaoh, bound with the lust of the Crown, that I say let my people git.' But Moses hummed and hawed, and said, ' Sir, I ain't well enough acquainted down there,' And the Lord says, ' You ain't, ain't you ? Well, take Aaron, the Levite, and he shall be my speechman, to tell Pharaoh to let my people go.' So Moses he went down and told Pharaoh, and Pharaoh, nothing would do for him till they let the frogs on him. Then he got scared. I tell you ; but it took tho lice and the darkness and the destroy ing angel to work him up to the sticking-point. And then when he did let them go he was sorry, and went after them with six hundred chariots filled with colonels and captains. ' And the Lord said to Moses, ' Jess tell your people to stand up one side and look at me, for I'm gwine to do the fighting this morning.' And the lord said to one of the angels, 'Angel, git down thar and unscrew Pharaoh's lynchpin, and take off his stern wheel.' And the angel did so, and then Pharaoh said, ' Let's git, boys ; the Lord's doing this fight, I tell you.' And he went to go, but the east wind came on, and whar, oh I whar was Pharaoh ? Then Moses he died, and Joshua took command, and the Israelites were beaten at the city of Ai. And wharfor? Achon, the son of Zeri, stole a magnificent Babylonitish garment and two hundred aud fifty shekels of silver and a gold wedge, and hid them under his bed. Joshua sent out three thousand men — I forget now, it was three thousand or three hundred ;— anyhow they got whipped, and Joshua fell on his face and prayed, and the Lord' said, '- Git up, Joshua ; what's the matter with you ?' And Joshua said, ' O, Lord, they licked us !' And the Lord said, ' Of course they did. Take that cursed thing away. Hain't he got that Babylonitish garment? Hain't he got two hundred and fifty shekels of silver ?' Then they killed Achon and his family, aud went after the city and took it. Then the Gibernites played a trick on Joshua to save their lives, and two or three days after some of the neighbors sent word and said to Joshua : ' Joshua, them fellows ain't foreigners ; they live around here, and have taken you in.' But the five Kings of the Amonites, having a quarrel with the Gibernites, came down to fight them, aud the Jews buckled to them. They fit, and fit, and right here I'm gwine to prove to you by this blessed book that the sun do move, suah ! For Joshua said, ' Lord, the battle can't be foute before the sun goes down behind the western hills.' And the Lord said, ' Joshua, tell the sun to stand still upon Gibeon, and thou, moon, in the valley of Ajalon.' So the sun stood still in the midst of the heavens, and hastened not to go down about a whole day. Do you want any more proof than that ? Take Hezekiah, where the sun went back ten degrees. And Solomon says, in Ecclesiastes, 1st chapter, 5th verse, ' The sun riseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteneth to his place where he arose.' Now, Solomon was a smart man, and knew something, and is entitled to respect ; and that's what he saye. Now, I want to ask the grammarians something. What is the meaning of the word arise ? Don't it mean something that goes downstairs, or gets up and moves about ? If I haven't proved that the sun do move, then my name ain't Jasper ! Don't take my word for it — take God's. He says so. Will you make God a liar ? But they say the earth moves, that the earth turns over. Pshaw ! An astronomer told me it turned over and over and over ! Why, don't you see if it did, all the water would fall out of the rivers, and we all be drowned. Drowned ! I tell you. And if the earth turned over, all the houses would tumble down and the territories turn over, and you and I would be standing on our heads half the time ! It's nonsense ! I have proved by the Bible that de sun do move. The Bible was cherished by our fathers ; we kin not do better than cherish it ourselves, and teach our children to cherish it. But don't be- lieve that the earth turns over, for you know that you can't stand on your head all night.' So saying, the Rev. Jasper banged the Bible together, and walked down to the railing, where he received the congratulations of scores of black ad mirers. — Washington Post. 