CASTLE DALY. ? .1 . ' ? A. STORY OP AN IEISH HOME THIRTY YEAES AGO. ' - _ ? &\- ? - (By the Author of ' Oldbury' Sfc.) CHAPTER XXVIII. (Continued.) It was an old, old habit to shield Connor, and further his undertakings, however wild ; but was it right, was it not leading now to more serious consequences than she had ever contemplated ? The warning sentences at the end of John Thornley's essay came back to her memory in all their terrible force of plain reasoning and strong, sober sense. If he should be right and Young Ireland wrong P For a cause that was certainly good, she thought she could even bear to see her brother throw away his life, if it were necessary — sure that such throwing away was worth}-, and would not fail of its reward in the far end ; but for a mistaken hope, for a result that would not be good if it were attained— that was the misery — to stand in the dark and choose as she felt these young men, Connor's leaders, were doing. Was it heroic, or was it only rash ? Maddened with the misery they saw around them, was it only a weak impatience that made them clutch at desperate remedies, or was it the divine instinct that, in a nation's darkest hours, draws its true sons together, and inspires them with that breath of new life which, blowing over dry bones picked bare by oppressors, and breathing through hearts turned to dust of despair, raises up from them a mighty army of strong men standing on their feet. As the light of a new day crept into the room, Ellen rose from her bed and sat at her window with a weary, aching pain at her heart, which the solemn beauty of the sunrise on the hills ceuld not soothe away. That joyous sunlight would, she knew, illumine many a death-bed of starving faded in the red west. She longed for some friend whom she could consult in her present perpleixties, without knowing beforehand that he or she had prejudged all the ques tions that troxibled her. Most deeply she regretted that old habits of reserve, and the unexpressed but always felt division of interest in the family, made her mother more utterly out of reach as a helper and confident than any stranger. She knew that if she were to confess her anxieties about Connor to her mother, it would not be welcomed as a mark of confidence, but regarded as a cruel attempt to lay fresh burdens on shoul ders already sinking under their load. The first effort of the day must be to put away all trace of the night's agitation, and bring a cheerful countenance to her mother's bed side on her awakening. CHAPTER XXX. ' The hope I dreamed of was a dream, Ttr i i i t T 1 ? vv as out a uream ; ana now j. waise Exceeding comfortless and worn and cold, For a dream's sake. ' Lie still, lie 'still, my breaking heart ; My silent heart lie still and break : Life, and the world, and mine own self ai'e changed For a dream's sake.' CnUISTINA ROSSETTT. J3kide Thornley did not feel called on to make any effort to assume cheerfulness. Her morning face, when she looked into the inner room where Lesbia slept, showed such traces of a sleepless night, and was so lined with grave concern, that the sensitive con science of that timid little personage awoke to a flutter of misgivings. Had she of late been treating this best of sisters with the ? openness that was justly her due P Could any circumstance have come to Bride's knowledge that rendered her suspicious of reserves on her part ? Yet should Bride be going to insist on complete confidence between them, where should she begin her confessions? Which end of the tangle of conflicted Avishes and feelings, which she blamed herself for con cealing, should she unravel first before her sister's clear judging eyes P When Bride came near to bestow her morning kiss, Lesbia let fall the weight of hair she had just gathered into her hands, and threw both both arms around her sister's neck, looking at her with the humble, deprecating entreaty in her eyes, that had at times won concessions even from experienced Mrs. Joseph May nard. ' Bride, you are angry with some one, but it is never me !' she exclaimed. ' You are not thinking of going away, and leaving me in anger, for any little thing I may have done to vex you.' 'My darling, no !' said Bride, stroking back the dark hair, and bestowing a shower of kisses on the smooth forehead and peach bloom cheeks ; ' if it was any doubt about you, or anger against you, you made me un happy, do you think 1 should have waited to speak about it till you asked me P No, the one thing that gives me comfort in every trouble that'arises, is the certainty that there is clear daylight of understanding between us — that whoever else may have mysteries or concealments, there is never a shade of want of confidence between John and you and me.' ' But, Bride,' whispered Lesbia, and then the little upturned face, after suddenly becoming one vivid blush, buried itself on on Bride's shoulder, and was lost altogether among the tumbled avalanche of hair that fell over it. 'My dear,' said Bride, after waiting patiently some seconds for its reappearance, ' it is not quite time for you to finish dress ing? I heard John go down stairs some time ago, and I want very much to speak alone with him before breakfast ; so, unless you have really something important to say to me ? ' ' Oh, no no — only nonsense,' cried Lesbia, peeping up. ' Then I think, dear, nonsense had better wait till another time, or 'I shall lose my 3nly chance of a private talk with John be fore we set out.' uncle had heard her brother enter the drawing-room, and, after remaining there some minutes, retire to his own study, and i she was anxious to secure his attention be fore he became absorbed in looking over his essay. She had a feeling, though she did not like to put it into words even to herself, that the communication she was about- to make to him ought to weigh against any in tention to soften his essay he might have arf rived at in his night musings. She found him already standing before his writing-desk, but not writing. His hands were crossed behind his back, and he was staring down gloomily on some papers that lay on a portfolio before him. As soon as she entered, he called her to come and join him. : ' Whose hand-writing should 3rou say that was ?' he asked in a low, eager voice, point ing to a sheet of paper, with a few words scrawled in large letters on it, that lay upper most. She raised it to examine it closely, but instead o£ reading, exclaimed in dismay, at the sight of several torn sheets that lay below — 'My dear John, is that 3rour essay? — surety you have not torn it up without my leave.' 'I wish I had; I wish it was my own doing, then no more need be said. The per plexity is that I found my MS. in the state you see when I went into the drawing-room to letch it away ten minutes ago. The hrst sheet is the only one untorn ; it Lay over the shreads, and has a sentence scrawled on it — read.' Bride looked down on the paper in her hand, and with difficulty, for the writing was in faint pencil, made out the words, ' Cas sandra was right ; irony is an exasperating weapon ; it will arouse the meanest of the mice to rally round their lions, and set them free to ravage.' ' What can it mean P' she asked, puzzled. ' You called Ellen T-alj ' Cassandra ' last night. The person who wrote those lines must have overheard our conversation ; the question is, which of the servants in the house would have understood it, and cared enough to take so daring a method of show ing partisanship). There was opportunity enough since last night for anyone of them to have done it.' ' Yes,' said Bride, thoughtfully ; for anyone in the house to have done it.' ' Any of the servants, you mean ?' ' My dear John, said Bride, slowly, fixing her eyes sorrowfully on his face, ' do you think there is any one in the house besides ourselves and our guests who could spell such a word as Cassandra rightly, or re member it and apply it, if heard once ?' 'That,' said John quickly, 'reduces us to the supposition that the house has been entered during the night by some one who knows all our family ways. It is an un uuuuuruiuits luuii. ± siiiiu namiy line to leave the place to-day.' ' Nor I, with Lesbia in it. John, without knowing anything of this accident, I came to you to suggest that you had better start for London alone to-day ; I remaining behind to look after Lesbia.' ' But why ? you say you knew nothing of this. For Heaven's sake don't be mysterious, Bride ! You know of all things in the world I hate innuendoes.' ' Not more, I hope, than I hate all mysterious and underhand doings. If you wish me to speak plainly you must give me time. I must think for a moment, and try to disentangle mvpressions from facts, so as to avoid saying unnecessarily what will pain you.' ' Well, said John, when he had watched Bride for about a minute absently twisting the sheet of paper into a neat cornucopia, ' you had better begin at once ; there is no need for such extreme caution. When you talk of giving me pain, I know, of course, whom your communication concerns, and, to save your scruples, I may as well toll you at once that if it is anything against her I am not going to believe it.' ' I am sorry for you, though, John, for it is not a conjecture of mine 3rou have to hear. I shall merely tell you a little fact ; and I am afraid you won't like it.' ' Don't be afraid, I shall not care. I put the fact of her trustworthiness above any other you can tell me.' ' I will, simply state what I saw. I snt up last night writing, and when I had finished my business I left my room to re- place the account-books I had been using in the press in the housekeeper's room. I heard steps in the passage as I was coming down stairs, and fancied I saw a light moving below. Think ing that some of the servants 'were up late, I went to the offices first, and found all dark there. On my way back J. saw the light again streaming through the crevices of the drawing-room door. Unluckily I dropped my books with some noise, and when 1 had picked them up again the light was gone ; but coming from the direction of the drawing room, I met Ellen Daly with a candle in her hand extinguished.' ' You spoke to her, I suppose, and learned how she chanced to be there ?' ' She said she had come down to look for a book, I think, and that her candle had gone out ; and when I questioned her about the lights and the noise, she talked of ghosts. I am sorry to say it, John, but I saw she wished to prevent my going into the drawing room.' . 'Bride, I cannot have you believe that she went there to destroy my manuscript.' ' ' If you like I will not say so; I promised to tell the fact and leave you to draw what inference you pleased.' ? ' ? ' It's absurd. She wonld have torn the papers across before my face if she had meant to do it. You know she would.' 'No, John, I don't. 'There is a Erreat deal sensitiveness and timidity oddly mixed , up with her rashness; It's Irish. I notice the same thing about all the people here. They will be wildly defiant at one minute, and the next, when the excitement is over, they wiiruse the subtlest stratagems to; hide their revenge.' - : . ; ? 'I thought you were not going to give your opinions.' ?. ' You force me to argue, and I want to show you that I can believe she has done this thing and yet not condemn her entirely. You heard, how vehemently. she' ''spoke' last night. She said she hated every word of the essay, and refused to make suggestions. I can't help thinking the secret distraction of what she hated a natural result with her, of the over-excitement.' ! John's face flushed painfully ; ho turned his back on Bride, took a turn in the room and came back to her. ' No,' he said, ' she did not do it : a guost in our house and behaving to us all this last week in such frank sweet friendly fashion, that even against sober conviction I could not help at times believing in the possibility of pleasing her— she could not have dealt me such a blow in the dark. Bride, I should be less dissatisfied with you if you showed more surprise.' ' I can be as indignant as you please at the insult to you.' ' My complaint is that you so quietly take it for granted that «s7*e did it.' ' Well, then, I will confess that I have been cherishing more serious suspicions still, and that it is almost a relief to connect Miss Daly's nrysterious behaviour last night with the destruction or your essay. I have been fancying that she was pei'haps carrying on some system of communication with her foolish brother and that rebel friend of his, who appears to have such a hold on her imagination, and with whom, I suspect, she is in love. I had made up my mind not to leave Lesbia alone in such an unwholesome atmosphere of intrigue.' 'You will call it infatuation, but I must say that the notion of j'our thinking it necessary to guard Lesbia's truthfulness lest it should be contaminated by Ellen Daly is simply amazing to me.' ' We won't drift into a discussion of. their respective characters ; the breakfast-bell will ring in a minute, and we have to decide what to do. Of course I am ready to go or stay, as you please ; but I confess I shall not have a happy hour apart from Lesbia if x leave ner under these circumstances. ' But if you stay here, the Datys can hardly jwolong their visit. They will go back to Eagle's Edge, and to all the clitli culties and privations I thought I had helped them out of for a time. The thought will bring me back from London before I have half finished my work there.' ? ' You would come back to look after her ? My dear John, that is devotion, and for what ? She will never even thank you. She will just march over all your safeguards and precautions straight to her rebel Irish poet, and to a disastrous fate of one kind or another. She has it in her.' ' Who is Cassandra ? But prophesy as you like, at the bottom of your heart, you know nothing you say will make any differ ence to me.' ' If you are resolved to set yourself up as a windmill for all Young Ireland to tilt against, I think it very likely you will do it, and that I shall have to stand aside and see. But there is the bell. What are we to do?' ' Let us leave our plans to be settled by the chajiter of accidents. Some unexpected explanation may come out that will make you ashamed of your suspicious.' ' Then you must allow me to mention my midnight expedition, and the fate of your essay at breakfast. It will give me the opportunity of making observations.' 'Of course you will not hint at suspi picions ?' ' Would you rather do it yourself?' '?' No, no ; if anything is to be said you must say it. I should feel all the time that I was laying a trap for the most ingeuuous person in the world, and I should betray how sneaky I felt.' ' I shall not feel the least snealry. I merely give her the opportunity of explaining, and I hope most heartily that .she will clear her self.' The party at breakfast was an unusually silent one, and Bride did not find the task of introducing the subject of the night's adven tures so easy as she had expected. A dead weight of expectation seemed to brood over every one, and she cleared her throat once or twice before she felt able to launch her thunderbolt in the heavy air. Pelham was the only person present who looked uncon cerned, and ate his breakfast as usual, and she knew by experience what a very weak conversational reed he was to depend on. He received her first remark that she had passed a disturbed night and been alarmed by unaccountable, noises in the house, with an unconcerned 'Did 3'ou. indeed?' and Bride, whose eai's were still tingling with the shaky, peculiar sound her own voice had had in speaking, looked imploringly across the table towards John, in the hope that he would put in a word to help her. He care fully avoided her eye, and the dead silence that followed was broken at last by Ellen's saying, quickly and nervously, . 'The noises don't effect us much, }rou see. We are used to be rather proud of our ghosts. only Pelham does not believe in them.' Bride was sufficiently provoked to long to throw back into John's teeth his late words, ' The most ingenuous person in the world.' All her caution and politeness could not re strain her from casting an indignant look on Ellen, and allowing her voice to rise to a tone of displeasure as she continued — ' I should be glad enough to accustom myself to 3rour theory of ghosts, and would compound for airy amount of noise, if our midnight visitors were satisfied with walk ing through the rooms, leaving things there as they find them. They did not behave themselves so inoffensively last night.' ' Do you mean to say that the house has been robbed ?' cried Pelham, interested at iilMj. X SUOU1U 11UU ll.iJ.YC ijllUU^Ill) it pUSSlUlC. Housebreaking, except for the sake of getting arms, has hitherto been an unknown crime in these parts. I hope 3'ou have not lost any thing of value.' ' Nothing has been stolen.' said Bride, slowly ; ' but a very serious injury has been inflicted on my brother. A manuscript that he left on the drawing-room table, last night was found this morning torn into shreds ; and, as if to show that it had not been done by accident, a nrysterious message was scribbled on the outer sheet, the only one left untorn. We both feel anxious to trace this strange act to its author, and shall bo thankful to an)r one who can give \is a clue to better understanding it.' ' Speak for yourself. Bride, interrupted John, hastily ; 1 am not at all sure that I wish for further light, or that I think the subject worth investigation.' During the latter part of Bride's speech he had raised his eves anxiouslv to Ellen's face, and the rapid changes there, the deep flush, and then the ebbing awa\r of colour to extreme pallor, were so ma 113' blows struck at his heart. His own face grew as agitated as hers, and Lesbia, looking from one to the other, cried out in dismay, ' How frightened you all do look, to be sure! Is it very alarming ? Might we all have been murdered in our beds last night? Are things beginning to be here as thoy were in the French .Revolution, when the chauffeurs did such dreadful things, do 3rou suppose ?' ' Don't excite 3rourself, Lesbia, pray,' said John, sharply ; there is nothing what ever for 3rou to trouble 3Tourself about.' ' But, John, you are as pale as death 3'ourself ; and 3rou can't think how fright ened of robbers I am since Bride made me read about the chauffeurs.' 'Bride had better intermit her doses of history, if they suggest nothing better to 3rou than ridiculous fears.' ' Not so very ridiculous,' said Pelham, firing up. ' Surely such a strange occur rence in the middle of the night is sufficient ground for some alarm ? I hope you don't mean to let it pass over without inquiry. Miss Thornley asked for a clue. I don't know that this is worth much, but I re member having an impression in the night that I heard steps on the terrace, and when I looked out of the window, just about sun rise, I saw Murdock Malachy leaning against the post of the side gate. I wondered at the time how he came to be there at that hour. I have observed him several times ? lately hanging about the place in a suspicious way. He should be questioned.' 'No, Pelham,' said Ellen, impetuously, 'don't accuse him. He has nothing what ever to do with this, I can answer for it. Don't let us bring him into our quarrels again. He had the worst of it long ago.' (To be continued,) 