The Advertiser. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1,1878. The stock importation question is not to be settled, yet if we may judge from our recent advices from New South Wales. On Friday, September20, Mr. W.A. Brodribb, F.R.G.S., waited on the Premier for the purpose of piescntirg a numerously- signed' petition from stockholders in favor of con tinuing the prohibition against the impor tation of foreign stc=k. As CbAirman of a large meeting of stockowoera he said he appeared in a repreasnlrtive crpacity. The petition he presented to the Government a few dayB previously ard that he handed in now was 6>goed by stockholders owning nearly a trillion cattle and three millions of sheep. He drew attention to the report cr the conference of the Chief Inspectors of Stock held in Sydney in 1874 and signed on behalf of New South Wales, Queens land, South Austtalia, and Tasmacia, in which it was declared that the only safe and prudeut course was to continue tbe prohibition. lie argued that since the Boyal Agricultural iLcciety oC England meeting in April, 3877, had admitted that tbe cattle pLupie 6i.il I eikt-jd in spite of all the precautions taken, it was not just to expose the Australian herds to the serious danger of infection. The arguments chiefly relied on by the Government of New South Wales in answer to tbe views put forward by the stockholders who object to importation are that the AgricoUocelSc aety recommended the view they b.-ve taker, and that after it -was promulgated nothing was done for months by the cL'-fl rrost interested to pre test against it. Now, however, the deci sion has been fially made, and the Government* of the other colonies have agreed to follow the lead of New South Wales, a Lirge number of stockholders throughout Australia are combining against it. It appmrB to U6 that the Government has undoubtedly the best of the argument, so far as a justib'cation of the step they themselves bare taken is concerned. But it may not after al' te so certain that it is the wisest course to trrow open the ports of Australia to tbe importation of foreign 6t<<ck. That certainly is a question upon which the gtockow jers stould be consulted. They hare t?en much to bltme for not Lavinp earlier tiken up the matter in earnest, bo as to a t .erl sin what their ovt u real opinions and convictions upon the subject are. But it mrtt I; remembered that it ia exceedingly difficult to get at squatter* so as secure combined action. They are scattered aU over the coritry, and some of them are far from postal centres. To us it appears to ba a subject of such gnat im portance that there ooght to be delay in throwing- open the ports ;i order that the stockholders of ejeh colony might be able to pronounce their opinion, and that opinion the Government ought seriously to consider. Something has already been done in this direction. In June latt a memorial was presented to the Gorerameat of-Victoria, signed by 84 stockowners, possessing be tween them 1C 3,000 cattle and 3,000,000 sheep, and it was then stated that owing to the difficulty of communicating with the owners of distant runs many had been un able to sign who were known to be favor able to the views of the memorialists- These views were that the Government should endeavor to secure the temporary delay of the proclamation until those in terested iti the question had folly discussed it; and pronourced a definite opinion. The views embodied in the memorial just presented to the Government of New South Wales present some very striking facts. The last report of the Veterinary department of the Privy Council of Great Britain states that 3,7i>0 animals actually affected with contagious diseases were landed during the year. Mr. Armitage, an eminent veterinary authority, states that foot-and-mouth diseate, or epizootic aptha, " was imported into England in 1839, when it plunged the three kingdoms in dismay by the rapidity with which it was carried from town to town. Pleuro-pneumonia has robbed us of animals in value to the extent of one and a hall nvilion annually since 1 £4'2, and the rinderpest departed in 1800 after eighteen months' duration, with a loss of three miUfons." But the most startling information was that quoted from a paper recently read by Mr. John Hyde before the Manchester Statistical Society. It almost takes one's breath away to read it. " The lorses inflicted upon the country by the series of outbreaks of contagious diseases which had C3Curred sisce 1812 were computed at an avenge of £10,000,000 per annum. This appalling estimate he considered to ba probably within the mark, but one-half of it repre sented a total loss of £180,000,000 within a 6ingle generation." Who can believe it ? The graziers of England have lost (pro bably) within fire-and-thirty years a sum nearly equal to one-half of the National Debt by contagious dicsases among stock. Certainly this, or the very moderate esti mate of £180,000,000, is quite enough to account for tbe price of meat in the old country. Mr. Brodribb, in presenting the memorial, quoted the statements of Mr. James Oocbxan, a leading stockholder, who said he had seen the dire effects of cattle disease during a recent visit to England. " He had seen the most celebrated breeder's herd in England, a herd that had all that veterinary skill could do, yet three-fourths of its number had died from disease. He had attended the large markets in the country and at Islington, aud had ssen them use every precaution with a constant dread of disease. The doctors learned the people from using milk from any dairy where disease was known to have occurred, as the milk was held to be death for children." The veterinary surgeons of Australia differ as doctors will. Mr. Pottae, the Government Veterinary Sur geon of New South Wales, contends that prohibition is not needed, and that the contagion can be adequately dealt with by able and experienced men and a proper system of quarantine. Two of the leading vetericfry surgeons of Victoria gave it as their decided opinion that no amount of quarantining and disinfecting would secure immunity against the dreaded diseases. They were wholly in favor of prohibition. So far as we can gather there have been more stockownera who have pro nounced up to this time against the reopen ing of the ports. It should be taken into consideration that many of these are owners of stud herds, whose interest it is to pre vent the introduction of amn?ils of value from the old country. But the gonei.il in terests of etcekowaers lie the other way. They would only be too glad to get the best cattle from any part of the world, provided they could do so without danger. The question, however, u not only solely for owners of cattle. The general public is in terested in the price of meat and in its goodness. If the opening of the ports is sericufly to aCect lot*i there will be an outcry against it. But the public will be ve._ much guided by the opinions of the 6ic rowuers, ard we tope they will com bine to give it definitely and decidedly. Tb k recent political crisis in Victoria forms the text of a well-written article iu a late - issue of the Poll Mall Gazette, and we draw attention to it all the more readily because apart from the interest there is in seeing ourselves as others see us, the writer ehows that he possesses a considerable ac quaintance with tiie subject of which be treats, and many of his remark* are well worthy of careful perusal in the colonies. : While acknowledging that in the past the business of Government has been conducted in the Australian colonies in a manner that has not ever imperilled the interests of the ' entire community, and that as a rule colo- \ nial politicians, however anxious to dis credit one another in the struggle for place and power, have hitherto recognised the principle that they must stop short of legislation damaging to the general good, he nevertheless ex presses a fear that in the self-governed colonies power is falling more and more into the hands of men who are either in capable of using it honestly, or who wil l'uUy adopt culpable means to gain their own personal ends. Of this he considers the recent crisis in Victoria is a proof, and he dreads lest in the future proceedings ' now regarded in the other colonies with coir- , tempt and .disgust may be looked upon as a precedent for the guidance of unscrupulous | Ministers. The writer urges that the real source of future danger In die government of the colonies does not so much lie in the preponderance of the squatting influence as in the existence of a class of professional political adventurers, and the influencing of constituencies by means of special public ' works. There cannot be the slightest doubt it would be a most disastrous thing for any of the Australian Colonies if the governing power rested chiefly in the hands of men without any real stake in the country, and who cared nothingf or die inte rests of the community bo long as they them- : selves enjoyed the sweets of office and the profits of patronage. Such men would . strive of coarse to govern by pitting class against class, and appealing to the feelings of the uneducated. It is men like these that in the late crisis in Victoria enlisted the mob of Melbourne to howl down then political opponents. Fortu nately as yet it is only in Victoria that such adventurers abound or have any hold over the popular mind, but danger may in the future arise from their presence; and that this class of politicians H sprung up in one of these colonies should be & warning 13 South Australia and New South Wales not to adopt tie system of payment of members —the only system under which any considerable number of such men can ■ hope to attain power. We have the satis faction of knowing that the Black Wed- i nesday of Victoria bad a wholesome effect. in this colony not only upon our legislators but upon the electors, the consequence being that for the character, status, aad intelligence of its members, the present Parliament is a great improvement upon the last. If, however, South Australia is, at any rate for the present, free from any danger likely to arise from the presence in Parlia ment of paid politicians, it is to be feared that the colony is not altogether untainted with that other eouice of danger—the con struction of epcaal public works iu order to influence constituencies and sway the votes of members. As yet, perhaps little haim has been done; but if ever the affairs of the colony should be for a time under the control of a plausible and unscrupulous man to whom this species of bribery and corruption would be a means of preserving power, the consequences would be most disastrous. It is scarcely necessary to point out what evils would arise if men were returned by constituencies simply because, as tools of the Government of the dey, they could obtain the construc tion of public works for the benefit of par ticular districts to the exclusion of others which might benefit the whole colony.' It is still worse when the money obtained on loans subscribed in England is expended in this manner for the purpose of securing votes, and nothing would tend more to dis credit colonial securities in the Loadon market than the prevalence of an impres sion that the loans asked for were wanted for such purposes. The injury the system -of log-rolling has produced in New Zealand, au injury from which that colony is only now beginning to recover, ought to be a warning to u£ and it is to be hoped it may prove so. The remedy for these possible future dangers is the -writer we are referring to considers, to increase the small landowning class, and to improve the status of the votera in every possible way. The uneducated masses are always easily influenced by the vaporings of political demagogues, but as the work ing class become more educated, and by acquiring property begin to feel that they have a stake in the country, they will see the fallacy of the views held by tbesi Par liamentary tricksters. Fortunately we are providing the very safeguards recommended; we are endeavoring to furnish a sound and comprehensive system of education for the benefit of all classes; and are fast increasing the number of farmers and other holders of email and moderate quantities of land. Meanwhile a great security, as has been said, lies in the Bixict maintenance of the sys tem of nonpayment of members. Even politicians cannot live on an income" o nothing a year, and so long as a seat in Parliament is not made the medium «f gaining a livelihood professional politicians who are usually the promoters of log rolling will happily be scarce. In conclvmo:) the writer in the Poll Mall (. azthie auimad veils strongly on the action of the Berry Ministry in the di«witffl"l of the Government officers, urging the im portance to a country of an honorable and highly trained body of Civil servants, and how impossible it would be to secure this were the holders of Government appoint ments liable to dismissal at the fiat of a Jj:n;ster whenever lie wanted to retrench —we would sjy to annoy the moneyed and cultured classes, or woify the Legislative Council. It is to be hoped, however, that Air. Berry has learnt a "lesson on this point i,cm the geraal oaf ay of isdjgoatic? that his high-handed proceedings of "Black Wednesday excited, and that the day" is far distant indeed when the Premier of any of the other colonies would have the temerity to follow the example he then set. Jut surprise is expressed at the con duct of Sir George Bo wen; and the principle eo often insisted on in these columns on the subject, that it is not tbe duty of the Queen's represerte'dve in any colony to make himself tbe instrument of injustice and oppreEsionmerely because his Ministers recommend it, ;s atroc&ly; emphasized. The astonisburent expressed that die Imperial Government have been so reticently guarded in giving an opinion on the Victorian crisis is we believe shared by colonists generally. It would indeed be an evil day for Aus tralia if it ehould become the practice among the vaiions Gomacra blindly to obey the behests of the Ministry for the time beirg without remonstrance, however illegal and dangerous to the welfare of the community they might be, secure in the consciousness ihet their cation -would be supported by the Imperial authorities. The matters at issue between Sir George Bowen and tbe Victorian colonists are not yet set at, rest, and it is to be hoped, for the sake of other colonies in the future, they will not be content until they get a decided expres sion of opinion on his conduct from the Colonial Cffice sow that Hie Secretary of State hss for sometime had all the facts of the case before him. Yesterday there was considerable excite ment in political circles, and various rnman -were afloat. It waa reported tb.it a meeting oE the Opposition had been ield, and tiatitms found a majority of the .Assemoly wwe opposed to the Ministry. This report, however, turned out to be quite untrue, bat we believe that it is intended this morning to hold a meeting to con sider the political situation. It ns alio .gene rally understood last evening that? mat of confidence notion would be tabled fids after noon either by Mr. Sobs or Mr. Bray. Ffota what we can learn the Government as well as the Opposition claim to have a majority of votes, go we. presume the iame may fairly be regarded as doubtful. The Port Darwin cable baa been-partially interrupted since tbeS7th of September, and has now stopped working altogether. The Gable Company's repairing steamer is expected at Port Darwin in about a week's time. Oar Victorian telegrams state that it has been ascertained that the break is 200 miles from Poit Darwin. Xhe repairs will probaUy be effected in about ten days. Mr. M. "Mtwljt^hlait has received & letter from Mr. F. R. Kendall, the agent in Melbourne of the Penm&aler; and Oriental Steam Naviga tion Company, in which he states that be does not dunk it desirable Out either himself or any j?f *tin TVvnf tij?« t^mnmmnittn-CL sboold SlgntilS memorial to the ft**?U' Ansti^alian Parliament respecting an outer i"***^. but tfeatbe takes great interest in the eebeme, and is pleased to tre that it is caromradtag so much attention in the olony. He adds that Ciptam Hector's view is a favorable one, co is that of Captain. Almond. He has had some eonveaatifm with. Captain Stewart, of tbeArsam, on tie sobjest. and he will be glad of an opportoiut/of visiting the Iccslzty {luring the next stay of Abe *<=«"« etGlenelg. Mr. B. H. Allen has been requested to stand Jor the representation of the district of Encounter Eay. The Primary Judge is to ait in Equity Instructions have been given for the Eadica ud fart Wakefield .Bailway to be reedy for opening on the flth October. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court will be continued to- day, whan til the ca^cs remaining on the jt<«""W are to be taken. The rails far the Port Adelaide, Alberton, and Quecnstown Use of tramway frave arrived fcytfce Baiosna. 3be contractor forcariTiiig oat the work of «enstracticn will commeace opera tions thia week. The first meeting of the Methodist News paper Compmy was held on Monday,September SO, when the foHowing Eo3*<d of IKreetors was elected:—"Rie Hon. John Coltoj, tbe Hon. John Carr, HJ., Messrs. Chappie, G. W. Cotton, A. A. Scott, and V.L. JNeile, the £ev&,&. M. Hunl ?r, C. T. Newman, and D. O'DonneU. MesErs. Wm. Wadham ft Co:, of K?n<r William-street, are exhibiting the plans of a row of ten sbopj which are to b? erected in Pine-street for Mr. L.M.Cnllen. Mr.M.figMi is the architect. Xhe bnildingj axe tofcetwo btoreys high, and will have a handsome app&sr; •nce. They will be situated nearlyoppoaue the new German Olub-HonM. The dwelling-house of Mr. Andrew Sifioli, storekeeper, of GlanviUe, was broken into between 3 and half- past 4o?dc3kon Sunday aftemcon, £sptember £3 t and money to the amount of £37, principally in notes, was stolen. An entrance was e&ecteo.; through a window in the dwelliDs^hoose sitoatcd at the rear of the shop. When the occupants left the boose they locked the xJoors, but neglected to fasten the window referred to. The following tenders were opened on Monday, September 30, at the office of the Architect-in-Chief:—For erecting the quaran- tine buildings on Torrens Island, seven tenders, Messrs. Tennant & Smith's was the lowest. For alterations in the Government Printing Office, three tenders, Messrs. Dunk & Hill's was the lowest. ForjiaintingthePost-OmceatTannnda, two tenders, of which Mr. F. Hsgedarate was the lowest. The following tenders were opened at the office of the Xngineer-in-Ghief on Monday, September 30:—For goods platforms and bor oflices on the Port Wakefield and Kadina Kail way, two tenders, of which Mcxsrs.Nottie Bros.* was the lower. For addition to the eagine running shed at Port "Wakefield only one tender was received, that of Mr. Frank George. For removing goods- shed at Port Wakefield, two tenders, of which Messrs. Jones & Mattuuon'a was the lower. The rainfall from 9 a-m. on Saturday to the same boor on Monday, September 30, 0065 luburT" .« OfllO Penola™ ... 0060 fiawler ... O.oeO Port Elliot «. O«50 Goolwa ... 0-130 j Port lancoln ... OWO Kaounda ... OOSO Biverton ... 0020 Kivssoote ... 0-036 Stratiialbyn ... 0020 Kingston ... ODLO Xannnda ... 0050 Koonnga ... 0005 Willunga ... 0020 Millioent ... 0"0401 " The following is the weather xenort ontheAdelaideand PortDarwinlsel£«raphline: Beltana, calm, clear, fine, warm; Stongways SpriDga,fresh,^lear, fine, ptwunmtfe Peake?ireah, clear,fine;Oharlotte"Wate?,moderate,cl?at,nne; Alice Springs, fresh, dear, fine ; Barrow Creek, light, clear, fine, warm; Tannant Creek, calnij clear, Sue. warm; PowslljCreek, fresh, clear, fine, pleasant; Daly Waters, light* clear, fine, warm; Katherine, Ught, clear, fine; Pin« Oreek; very light, hary, fine, pleasant; Jam Creek. calm,clear, fine, hot; Soothpart,light, cloudy, mia; Port Darwin, very light, dear, fine, warm, close. His Honor Mr. Justice Bonoaut took hia seat at the sitting of tte Snjeeme Court i& Sancoon Monday morning. The eonmiasiob appointing the new Judge was read, and tha Attorney- General (Hon. W. H. Bnndey, Q.0.) made some remarks, congratulating Mr. Joitiqe. t-Qoocaut on his promotion to the Bench. His tHonor relied, expressing his appreciation of the oomMiraentapw to b:m by the Bar, tad the hope that-lfe would be able to fill the office -of Judge so .-as to gain the respect of the pro fession and the -eonadenoe of the community. -Feeling referenei? were made to the death of the late Judge Stow. The Excelsior Lodge, No. 10, LO.G.T., Horwood, was instituted on-Friday. September 37, by the C/W.C.T, wTw. Wiiwosd. assisted by the (Hand lodge officials, A. Thomas,. R. Smart, and B. Robertson. The <candidat«s fornemberthip were minted aad signed the constitution. The following officers s were elected?— WCT. Bro. J. Badge, W.V.T., X Bro. T. Bowes, W.S, Bra.«T. Bowes, W.F.S., Bro. Kewbury, W.T., Sister Welle jurne, W.C, Sister Welbouixe, W.M., Bro. Welbanrne, W.DJJ. Bister Box, WJG^ Sister Fooke, and P.W.C.T, Bro: H. Cain. There was a good attendance from other lodges. The adjourned final hearing in Messrs. J. M. Sinclair & Son's insolvency ease wms con tinued on Monday. In accordance with a sag sestira from His Honor at the previous hearing 2m Bank of South Australia made three specific charges against Thomas Sinclair. Tfcey charged him witb contracting under false pretence* debts of the amounts of £tt3 6s. Id, £500, acd £72 ss. Id. The obarge as to the fUS <sj. 4d bill was afterwards withdrawn. Mr. Henderson, the Bank Manager, was submitted to a lengthy \- examination by Thos. Sinclair as to the bill transactions with the Bank and the specific charges respecting Meters. Baf k Co. and Ches termaris bills. The case will be continue I to-day. On Tuesday, September 24, a serious ~ accident occurred oatbe new line of Kadina and Wallaroo Bailway, which is m coarse of con struction. ** A auimber of tip tracks,'' say* the Wallaroo Zlwtes, "are being used for the pur re. These are taken in and out of the cuttings mean* of sidings connected with the old line railway, along Which the tracks are taken opposite to the hollows into which the earth is being thrown. Some of the trucks hai been re moved from the siding, and others were being to those already on the line, when an old man named Charles Brown, who was standing in the middle of the line for the purpose of coupling She trucks, bysome means was knocked down ■ between the nails, and when on tbe ground un fortrmnU>lf be got his arm throujh the spokes . of the wheel, which esnsed a compound fracture of the light arm between the elbow and shoulder. His back was ales injured. He is now progressing favorably under the treatment of Dr. Robinson." The « Maid of Mfflewa" is the title of a poem by Hr. P. SL CVHara, of Melbourne, a copy of which has been forwarded to us. Only the first eanto-ef tbe poem has as yet appeared. It occupies somewhat orer thirty ck irly-printed pages, and etxuntta of neaijy S.OC3 lines of verse written in the octosyllabic couplets which Byron, Moore, and Scott have rendered famous. Sot stansa after stanza of oeto^rJLables unre lieved by any metrical variations become sadly uonotonons, and apart from any oilier defects the perusal of Mr. O'Hara's poem is wearisome i from this canae. Of the tale be has to tell and what interest it may eventually possess when It? incidents are fully developed it is not easy to judge from the fragment tbe author has now j given "to -the public Some of tbe stanzas are not without power, and display a considerable : -capacity far writing pinning and elegant verse, but the canto as a whole is painfully common place. ( On Friday evening, September 27, the members of the Pirie-street Young Men's Society and their friends were invited to Prince Alfred College, where a very interesting lecture was delivered in the laboratory of that institu tion by Mr. F. Chapple, B.A., B.Sc., on " Pho tography.'' There was a large attendance of members, and the chair was occupied by the Rev. Thos. Lloyd, the President of the Society. The lecturer gave a history of the discovery of the art of light by Daguerre and others, and traced its development to the present time. He then exhibited the spectrum, and explained the laws of light which account for it; also the doctrine of colors, especially the chemical action of light on the salts of silver. He also showed what chemical processes are involved in pre- paring the sensitive plate, devolving and in- tensifying and fixing the negative, and imprint ing from it the positive. In each case the various steps were illustrated by experiment and the chemical reactions accounted for. The lecturer showed that he possessed the rare faculty of interesting a miscellaneous audience, while he exhaustively explained in a scientific way one of the most refined as well as useful processes discovered in this rapidly progressive -age. On Saturday evening, September 28, Means. Jno. Harvey, J.P., S. Wiggins, and S. Isaacs were returning to Salisbury from tbe little Para, when they had been to see some races. Mr. laoades was riding a young animal, and as they were ■ >"<t^"Pe along she started off just as they were "~";-e *? * ahaip turn, Mr. Harvey being dose np and Mr. Wiggins some distance behind. When «hey c*me to the turn Mr.l<oades*s horse would not answer the rein, but vent CEaahingtbroagn the panel of tbe opposite fence, ncfki me both rails, bat f«pnt without injury to botse or rider. Mr. Harvey was not ao farfamst?, however, as he wait riding a fiery litUe animal, and whenMr.Loadert started off ahe followed, and the horses lonst have come together at tbe torn, as Mr. Harvey'* -stirrup leather was broken, and fhe was hashed against the fence with great violence, his head coming into contact witb the past, inflicting a severe wound from tbe^topof the forehead to the back of the ear. Mr. Wig gins, hearing the umaitti, toona up and unknow ingly passed ckwe to Mr. Harvey, who was lying where he had fallen. Aftersearching the locality for some time, Mr. Wiggms found sir. Harvey. He attended to him as well as he could, and then went for assistance, which was speedily at hand and Mr. Harvey was conveyed to Dr. Fisher's! where the wound was sewn, and then taken borne. He lost a great deal of blood,and of -course is very weak, but is progressing as wel «s can be expected. The crops in the neighborhood of the Bmra are in a very pwnirring condition, and the fanners are confident of a plentiful bar re it if tiie young corn is not eaten up by the rabbit*. On file farm of Mr. TraUagan, at Mount Bryan, so less than 70 acres of wheat have besn com pletely destroyed by the rabbits, and Mr TraUagan has had to purchase a huge qusstit of wire netting to fence out the pe*s. Mr Henry Collins, of the Hundred of HaUs^^ui. had nearly 400 acres devastated. Me Cabins states that the rabbits are so thick on his lai 1 that with the assistance of a man he killed 1,406 in two days. Mr. G. Gebhardt, farmer, of Hallett, also complains of th* destruction caused to his crops. In one week he had 60 acres eaten up. Mr. John Bodgers. of Baldina T has had SO acres destroyed Mr. Kodgers says his land is so infested with rabbit* that it is impossible to stave them off. Mr. Hy. Francis, of Koarioga; Mr. Devlin, of the Hundred of Kingston; Mr. Alfred Duell, of Bright; Mr. John Brauey, Chairman of the Hallett District Council, s'bo complain of tbe bavoc censed to their ctof s. Mr. Brauey says be has spent £300 in adbplii.^ means tj get lid of there aaimaJe, but tfcey areas thick as ever. One paddock in Hallett, to be seen now, is almost as bare as a road, the rabbits having eaten every hit of vegetation op. The tumor* consider that the crops will hi totally destroyed unless Parliament passes the compulsory clauses, so that every person will be compelled to kill these pests on tfaeir lands. Hie reply of Hie Excellency tbe Governor to the telegram sent to him on the opening of file Telegraph Station at Farina Town, on Satur day, September 38, was as follows:— u To Thos. Broad, C. T. Braddoek, A. Mackay, aad people of Farina Town—l thank you sincerely for your telegram, and for the loyal «zpressioms contained therein. 1 trust that tie opening of telegraphic communication with Farina will conduce largely to the benefit of your town, and heartily wish you all prosperity.—Signed, Goverxor s Ade laide." The Superintendent of Telegraphs re plied as foQowEtothe telegram which was sent to him:—"To Messrs. Braddock, Broad, and McKay, Farina.—l accept witb much, pleaiure yont kind congratulations on the opening of the Telegraph Station at Farina, which I vary cordially reciprocate. I bope to be able to give you a weekly mail in a week or two, and wish your young tnrnabip every pw?perity^igned,O. Todb, PJJ.G.and B.T. The following mww)[M ?«* «Ja/i «r«h>py>^ on the occasion;— u To His Worship the Mayor of tie City of Adelaide, and Merchants of Ade laide— On behalf of the people of Farina Town we congratulate you on she opening of tele graptac communication between this the meet MrUierntown in South Australia and all parts rfttewodd. GoaeavettieQucsn,—SignedTK. £ B**?S^ Taos.BsoAD.A.McKA^jrii.'' Beply-"To B.T. Braddoct,Farina Town-Ire oproeate your congratulations with best wishes for caeeess of your district.—Signed, Herer Boon. Mayor of Adelaide " "**" Monday, September 30, tiie first day o? tie new Term, was signalised by the fact ftat for tile first time for more than a year three Judges eat in tbe full jurisdiction of tie Supreme Court, and that of these one occupied [ that high position for the first time. There was a very large attendance ot the liar, and the pro ceeding* excited considerable interest. Mr. Justice Bouoaut handed. bis commission .to the Chief Justice, and it was then read by tits Acting-Master, after which the congratulations of the Bar were presented by tiie Attorney- General to the new Judge on his elevation to the Bench, and His Honor replied. Mot a vary Urge amount of work wai done. In the case of J. Bobin and B. £obin v. tbe NorA AdeiaMe Co-operative Society, an appeal from tie Ade laide Court, Mr. Symon obtained a rule nisi for a new trial or reversal of judgment, on the ground of wrong determination on points of law. In this case Mr. Justice Bouoaut took no part, having been engaged in it in the inferior Court. In Klisser v. Johnson Mr. Nicholson, moving under the 33rd section of the Local Court Act, obtained an order for tbe costs of the action from defendant, who Is in another colony. Samnel Green, of •Clare, bootmaker, and Charles fiobms. of Ade lai4e« eailmaker, had tbeir reeogniatnaei estreated, in each cate the amount being £10, on account of having failed to attend tbe Criminal Sittings of the Court, to which they were summoned as witnesses. By consent the argument on the rule nisi in Gleeton v. Mcjr house was adjourned for a week; and it was arranged that the case of the Corporation of Oieoelg v. West Torrens District Council should be taken before Mr. Justice Gwyune after the ordinary business of the Court on Monday next. In Marshall v. Campbell, an ap peal from the Kinjston Losal Coi"-t, Mr. Nesbit obtained a rule nisi for judgment to bs entered for tbe defendant, nonsuit, or new trial, on several legal grounds. Tiiu Court intimated that throughout the term «ppeal cases would be taken on Wednesdays, except when otherwise intimated. There will be no sitting on Wed nesday next; and appeals will be taken on Mon day next, to wtrch day tbe Court adjourned. The Vice-Admiralty Court was adjourned till tiie first day of next Term. A very interesting telephonic and phone - graphic ceance was held at the ireeting of tho North Adelaide Young Men's Society at its rooms on Monday evening, September £"). There was a considerable number of lady and gentlemen visitors present, besides a lar^e gathering of members. Mr. A. W. Dobbie, who acted as general instructor and operator, bad previously arranged his apparatus on tiie plat form and table, and there was an alarming array of telephones, coils, microphones, batto need not go into det.uls with respect to the nature and merhtmmm of these marvels of science, as we have before fully explained them. Mr. Dobbie bad connected tbe telephones on the platform with come instruments in a room at the further end of the building, and although tbe distance between the two room* in only about 40 or 50 feet the distance traversed by the current through the coils was nearly two nule«. Several pairs of telephones were connected with tbe wire at tiie platform end, so as to allow six or seven of the audience to listen at the same time to oommunications from the other end. On ths table there were three different sorts of microphones, all of which Mr. Dobbie used, although the largest and more perfect one acted the best. Whistling, singing, tapping on a glass, talking, and «ren whispering, could ba heard distinctly at the other end, and it was not necessary to sp^ak close to the microphone, as the operator fre quently sang and whistled several paces away with equal success. He cmununicfttion between tbe telephones was also well kept up, and a. large number of tbe audience avauei them selves of the opportunities offered to test the working powers of the instruments. A violin and piano were heard distinctly at one end on being played at the other, and a tune played on the former instrumsat was reproduced on a violin with tba string* replaced by taps at tbe other end, although the sounds were rather peculiar, and created a gcad deal of amusement. There wr-. also a separate set of telephones with an electric bell fixed for inter-oommunicttion batween the operators at either end. Some experiment* with the phonograph were mile, bat unfortu nately Mr. Dobbw's best instrument bad fcsen left behind. On tbe whole, however, 'be ex periment* were very successful, cipccijljy with the telephones, and Mr. Dobbie (who was fre quently applauded) deservra tobecoogntalateU for what be he* done towards advancing the interest3 of soenee in the colony. Tbe annual meetings of the South Aus tralian Sunday-school Union wore commenced in tbe Wakefield- street Lecture Hall on Monday evening, September 30. Then was a large attendance of teachers. Mr. 8. WhiUnore, ore of tbe Vke-Presidenta of tiie Union, occupied tbe chair. Tbe proceedings were commenced with a muted prayer meeting, after which Mr. J. B. A^"""— read a paper •* On discourage ment* in Sunday-school work] and the use that ought to be made of them." The escayul briefly referred to tfce discouraging effect pro duced upon Sunday-school teachers when lessons vhich had ecst much time and labor in the preparation were apparently nullified by the misocoduct of scholars. He observed |"ifc* in snch eaemnstances it was nsml to think that the lesson bad altogether been thrown away, but tiiis he tboughtwas a mistake,ai tbetaiher faisssetf codd lesrainaayiiDportaotlesseosfrom bis disappointment. Again, it was not to be forgotten that boys frequently thought even when most inattentive. Bad boys were not restricted to any one social class, but were fre quently to be found in tbe sons of ministers and deacons. They were not to be discouraged when they got bold of a bad boy. It was very often thought that it was no use trying a bad boy, but that expulsioa was the only thing for him. He thought that it would tome times be a gocd tiling if tiie teacher were ex pelled. They could not know what good might ultimately be effected by some of their bad boys. If they went back to ancient story they bad the account of a young man who held the clothes of those who killed tiie first Chris tian martyr, and wbo ti.msme notorious for his seakns persecution of the early Christian churches. Snch people would have thought that Saul's case could only be met by expolsion, but it was afterwards said of him— * He is a chosen vessel with the Lord." They could not tell how many of their so-called bad boys nrght tarn out in a similar way. When Christ was surrounded by dimple whose stupidity was remarkable be bore wiUi them and said," The Holy Ghost shall teach you all tilings." Tbe oppositions of life were pretty sure indications of tiie path of duty. If a caw property Act were to be introduced a cry would arise from tbe lawyers; an Education BUI would likewise provoke opposition, and a licensed Victualler* Act would arouse the cry from tbe publicans-"By this means we get our bread." A conversational discussion followed the leading of Mr. Adamsom's paper, in which various phases and difficulties of 6unday-«chool work were referred to. Tbe majority of the speakers illustrated their remarks with refer ence to the results of tbeir own experience. Tbe duty of thorough preparation on the part of teachers was also strongly enforced, while it was pouted out that the cultivation of a more intimate anqoaintanre between teachers and scholars by tiie aid of social and other gather ings was urgently required. It was suggested that tbe South Australian Union should en deavor to obtain tiie assistance of the London Sunday-cchool Union in introducing a good hymn-book that could be used in aUtheSunday scbools of the colony. Votes of ?Ji?fiV« to the essayist acd Chairman brought tbe proceedings to a close. The meetings will be continued thU evening in the Pine-street Lecture HalL A meeting of contractors and builders was held at tiie Imperial Hotel, on Monday, September SO. for tiie purpose of forming an Association, eimOar to tbe one in existence in Melbourne. Mr. Hack {of Bobin & Hack) was voted to the chair, and there were also present Captain Higge, and Messrs. Siebert, Burgess, Trudgeon, Osbonie, Sedunary, and T. Harry, contractor's agent. Mr. Harry explained that tiie meeting was called for the purpose of taking preliminary steps for the formation of an Association, and he had received written* as?ntances from the following gentlemen that they would become members, and would give the Association their support, namely, Messrs. J. Martin, of Gawler; J. Lobban, Narracoorte; J. MilnOtount Barker; Neil McNeil, Gawler; J. Fitzpatrick, PortPirie; J.Basedow,Tanunda; and C. Dover, Kingston; others had also ver bally promised to join, aad it was probable the Association would number nearly 200 members. The Chairman said the establishment of a Society rinular to that which had been inex if-textcefor several years in Melbourne was very noccsssry, because at present the contractors and traders of South Australia were likearepeof sand when anything occurred to interest them as a body. They bad no means of getting at an understanding between one another, or of bring ing tfrfngn to a focus, and this was an unsatis factory state of thi?gstotbo?econoemedss well as to tiM general public. All whom he had spoken to bad signified their intention of joining the Society. Mr. Trudgeon moved—That it was desirable to form an Association of contractors and bnQders for South Australia." He said they had been going on slowly for years, but latterly many large works bad been undertaken and others ware to follow, which made it requiate that a Society should be established which would give them better means of redress, and by which they would beenabledtqconie to a mutual under standing on trade matters in which all were ic terested. He said they had been able to get on very well wi'Ji the town architects, but tome times there were rz. rJEM in wh;ch they had to protect tbenuelves. Tbe motion was beoonded, and carried unanimously. Mr. Harry produced a copy of the rules of the Melbourne Society, which bad not been altered for tbe last eight years, but be had been informed by the Secre tary of the Melbourne Association that it had not been found neceuary to enforce the more stringent rules. The Chairman read die rules to the meeting, and said there were some that would have to be modified for this colony, others present being of the same opinion. A Com mittee was then appointed to revise the rules, ard to report to a future meeting about a fortnight hence, the Committee to consist of Messrs. Hack, Chapman. Trudgeon, Grant, and Wisbart. The """^"g then adjourned. The Rev. M. J. Birks delivered die last of bis exceedingly interesting series of lectures at tbe Mettodist New Oonnexiou Church, Franklir-slreet, on Monday eveuiug, Septeml ;r 30\. There was a good attendance, and tbe audience showed their appreciation of the lec turer's endeavors to instruct and amute by fre i qnent and hearty applause. Mr. J. F. Foweraker occupied tbe chair. Tbe subjest of the lecture was " Perseverance and its Beward," and Mr. Birks succeeded hy his able ilicstrations sod apt comments in thoroughly enchaining the attention of those present. He commenced '■'" lecture by stating to what a height the hig" aims and purposes of a nuvn would lead ui , and be quoted the words which the Krrl of Beanouaield bad once spoken that" the man who doesnt look np inu<t ! jok down." lu re ferring to the same pereon he (Mr. Eirks) sai't that while they might not perhaps agree with the political % -ewa be held he stood before them as an illustration of what unwearying ir-'ustry and perseverance could acrompli«li. He dealt with Lurd Beaconsneld's cateerai a novelist, and told bow the merits of his books, which had at first only attracted iauguter.csme to be recognised, and dwelt on his entrance into the House of Commons, and his prophetic utterance th%t era long the House would hear him, riiatijg out that those who once laughed were glad to he .r him speak for hours together. The next obj< :t of what perseverance had effected wus defsribsd in James Watt, whose ducovory of the immense power of steam was ably treated with. The failures in the production of potcsUin ware which men in T.nglsnd, France,and G> •nany first met, only to be rewarded by tbe grand "■""p*- which years of patient labor brought, were dilated upon at some length, and tbe trials and troubles encountered were graphically de scribed. Sir Isavs Newton, Thomas Csrlyle.and Samuel Drew were in their turn held up as eliowiitg tvhat {.vraevenuice < au!d bring about. Inrefening to Sir Walter Scott, the popularity of whose norc's was, he thought, almost greater than any othc ~?, the lactnrer said that persons who had not distinguished themselves in early life by what was termed Fharpuees bad by dodged r far surpassed thc«e who were entiUeu to ttwt woid. He touched lightly on tbe eariy life of Scott, showed his disinclina tion for study, and spoke of tbe essay he wrote on the nseletsi'*as of siudyir- which made hi* master exe'^im in auger, " A dun;-e you are, and a dunce you always win be." Uirid WUkie and Turner tiie artist?, Earns and Jeremy Tay lor were briefly noticed, aad tbe lecturer aaul that tbe notjon that great men arose only from tbe hjgber ranks was utteriy nnfounded, as some of tbe men be had named—be it to their honor — had sprung from tin labo-in; clj^es. Iu con cluding Mr. Hicks urged on his bcirers to per town in all tbeir efforts for that was the main secret of success, and would epchance tbe sweet ness of the reward they wou'd enjoy. During tbe ereah>£ aoretai dnetv were rerderej by members ot the Church rboir in a very credi table Danner, and a vote of thanks to them on 1 to the lecttuer brought the proceedings to a ctoce. Dr. Thomas will deliver th«^ «>i?Lth of hi* reries of lectuif^ on ** Elementjry Wiysiolngj" at the Stow Churcb Lecture Hall, this evening. Tea and public meetirps are to take place in connection with tbe E-4>?wt Cno-xh, at the Institute Hell, Hindma'sb, this evening. The Wheeler Troupe have just arrived from Western Australia, where they have been duizig m vetj f -L-. *Inl bn<rni •. The Adelaide Hunt Club hounds will, by ijjvil.-tjon of l>e kcal Bout C^mmitt-.-, meet at Moi"]t Bvrker on Saturday afternoon next. This will. Wet soeve, be the closing hunt of the reason. Uessrs. Da vies & Lewis's entertainment at the Town Hall, Pmt Adelaide, oi Monday evening, was tolerably well attach 1. The nrual programme wa? carried out in a spirite 1 manner, atd both Mr. Davies and Mr. Lewis were frequently rewarded with applause. There will be aafaftenmon perfototsnee to Jay for children, when rach child will t tivear ani in tbe evening Mem*. D-v ik Lewis will givp their fsreweU ertet tr'iment, when a silver tra and coffee atfiict is to be given away. A meeting was held at Quom, Pichi richi. on Sarnrday, Geptoaibpr 31, toesttblich a CiicketCiub. Mr.PinkstonoceupiedthecUir. It was received that a Club be formed, to bs called tbe Quom Cricket Club, sad that Mr. W. fi. Mortlcck, M.P., be rc^ocstat to become patron. Tbe affioe-feVinrs ware <Jeu- I *-. follows:—Frenden^Mr.W.Armctroog; Vict- Freridents, Horn. B. J. Wright and W. C. Greenslade; &aetaryand; Imiorer,Mr. John Jacob, Jan.; Co?muttca. Wi—i i. Biccchmorr, Manton, Pinkston, McMahon, and Sheppard. Mr. Finkston was electrd Match Captifx aad Messrs. Jacob and Grcto*2ade,P2<tcttce Osprtins for tbe season. The first rehearsal by the Adelaide Musical Union of fie oratorio ■'The Last Judgment "by Spohr, took place on Monday cwiiog. Theio a>s a fair attendance of niem l^?«, and coriide 105 the difiicultui of the work a vc~y satisracu>*y practice was gone tfaropjh. It wai annonuced to tbe Society that a Te Denrn, the Jwork of Signor Oiorza, would shot Jy be pat in rcheainl, t > i that' he eompasT hrd erprr:cd his willirjneas to ondvrLike the conduct vship of hit o*n work. This will rs themejis or giving an Adelaide sudifooe a good op] >uani?/ of judging of Signer Giorra'e elsewhere well-known ability in the cumfoeition of oratorio music. A musical and literary entertainment wss given in the York Bechabite Hall, Port road, on Monday evening, September 30, by tbe members of tbe York Young Men's Improve- ' ment Society, assisted by gentlemen amateurs from Port Adelaide. Mr. J. Vat-don presidei, ! and there was a crowded attendance. A mis- ! eellaneous programme was very efficiently gone through by Messrs. Day, Thayne, Weeks, Berry, j Musson, Bowhsy, Jamec, Willsmore, and Sharp. \ Tbe Utter-named gentleman bad to respond to several encores durmg the evening. Themi't calprogramme was under the direction of Mr. J. W. Channon, who also played all the accom paniments. The meeting was brought to a close by singinc thn National Anthem. On Monday evening, September 30, athletic sports were held at tbe Bent-street skating rink. There was a good attendance of spectators, who took a lively interest in the proceedings. The principal event was a rare for the Champion Cup between Messrs. A. Wells and F. Dobbie. This trophy was carried off, subject to challenge, by Mr. A. Wells at a competition several weeks ago. He wa« chal lf Dfjed by Mr. Dobbie, aiid the sera<id m; re sulted in a tie. These two gentlemen a;aiu competed on Monday evening, aw\ the cuu was retained by ite original holder. The two "miles was accomplished by the winner in 13 miiutea £2 seconds, and by the otber co-npef :ior in 14 minutes S3 seconds. A scramble race over hurdles, in which six skaters started together, was a very amoving affair for tbe spectators, sud resulted in thedUcomfitureof tueyoun^sters, who got busters. This event was won by Master Percy HOI, a little fellow, who did his work well. Mr. A. Dungey was second. A race entitled "The Heathen Chinee Novelty," in which two gentlemen in Chinese cos tome carried the Oriental hawkers' b^skejg, was not a particularly elegant exhibition. This at first resulted in a tie between Messrs. Meyers and Boroughs, but on being run off the former was successful with 52 seconds as against 57 seconds. The children's double end singLeraee? were very pretty and interest ing. In the first Masters A. Fergueaon and P. BUI carried off the prize, skating four times round tbe rink in 60 seconds. Master P. Hill was also successful in the single race, doing six times round in <55 seconds. The event described as an " eccentric race, 19 in which the last man sot the prize, was won by Master A. Fergussm. Numerous other events, such as a tug of war, a game at blind man's huff, and exhibitions of fancy skating, also came ofi. An accident happened at the Utter part of the proceedings. Master Uhlmann while skating found himself falling, and in putting out bis arm to save him self bad it badly injured. It is feared that his arm is broken. With this exception everything passed oft satisfactorily. 