) OUR AMATEUR THEATRICALS AT ) BOOLONa. / Ho jests at scars who never felt a wound — Romeo. V One of the most awful recollectious Mr. Banbury Gross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when he made his first and only appearance as |an \ actor at a private amateur theatrical eutertainmeut athis \ own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad ( conceived that he was bom to be an actor — to tread the (boards like the great Garrick and the elder .Kean — but it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his V peculiar debilt. On finding the Melbourne and Sj'dney \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ( red h.air, and a turn-np nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" f at any of their several theatres, he resolved, to "take the f bull by the horns" and get u i a company of his own down / at his place at Boolong. . He went to enormous expense y in building a small theatre, purchasing wai'drobe, having \ scenery painted — fof Banbury was determined to do the C thing well and in tip-top style. „He got together a kind (( of scratch conrpany, many of them like himself, raw am- r bitious amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the J stage," and one or two seely oiitcasteof the- profession; y and he looked forward to the proiuction of his pet play, V " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with/much; excitement, ( not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a / month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their \ words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of r them, forgot them. The scenery hitched; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the likewise ; Ophelia, an amateur, \ burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen r lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who y assembled to assist.at the amateur performance. Bat this \ was not the worst, foi" Banbury found that when the bills r came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, y and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, I " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because f they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- y ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he would do no C such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap- pings, for if there was one thing he held in abhorrence it was the theatre." "What was he to do ? His uncle would V disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished ' for him, and send him adrift on the world. "What was he ) to do 2 His creditors would not wait and he would be a . miserable pauper. But for all this be did not lose his ' house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his ) name, thanks to the timely aid'of onevw/to is a friend to . the drama as well as to tUe rest of the world, who advanced f him the needful. Need .we say his name. , No; all know y him 1 But we may as well remark it was the ehampion . of the distressed, I DAVID henry, of 52 Collins street east, ) "Who has from £5 to <£ 10,000 to lend on liotes of hand, bills \ of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life r policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, y merchandise,, on expected remittances,- or, on moneys per- \ sons may be entitled to from' England and elsewhere, etc., ( repayable to suit the'c'onve'iiience of borrowers. ) Bills discounted d.aily at the lowest rate of interest, and \ mortgages from 6 per cent. 