A JAPANESE GHOST STORY In Japan, as in all other countries, imagination claims to have its wants supplied by the wonderful and incompre. hensible, and therefore in the face of such need wonders will never cease out of world. The student of nature's mysteries, and the village gossip who tells of ghosts, and doubles and wraiths, are both in different ways satisfying their craving for the wonderful. Even the wildest tales have a certain value, for scattered as they are through every land, they often serve to perpetuate the record of old customs, and to mark the steps of social history. Ghost stories then the Japanese have as blood curdling,, hair erecting, flesh creeping, as the most ardent lover of the marvellous could desire, and at this holiday season, when the pitiless rain and sleet keep the merry makers indoors, and the shutters are closed in, and the sake cup goes round merrily from hand to hand, is the time to tell them to an audience certain to appreciate them. How impressively the narrator half tells, half acts the thrilling tale, while the girls clasp and hide behind each other in an ecstacy of terrified enjoyment ! One of the most original of these tales the writer of this paragraph recently heard, and as it differs from the common run of ghost Btories it is here given, though we wish we could convey an idea of the art with which it was told. In former times—indeed some Japanese say that it is not very long since that the dreadful practice was abandoned—it was the custom, when any new castle, palace, or fort was in course of erection, to bury one or more living men beneath the- foundation, generally at the foot of the principal supporting pillars. Those who were committed to this frightful grave were called hito-bashira, or human piSars, and their immolation was supposed to conduce to the strength and solidity of the building. The sacrifice was sometimes made voluntarily, the victim being induced to give his consent by the promise of deification, his spirit being afterwards worshipped under the name of Inarisama, or some other deity. More frequently, however, the premature burial was a forcible one. For instance, if no voluntary victim was forthcoming, advantage was taken of any snch accident as one of the workmen falling into the excavation of the foundations when instead of any helping hand been extended to him he was ruthlessly buried by his fellow-workmen, or crushed beneath one of the mighty supports. At other times, the victim was built up in the massive walk, either as a hito-bashira, or as a punishment for some offence. . That legends of spirits haunting scenes where the cruel murders .of their bodies had been perpetrated should be numerous is natural, and the following incident was' told as having occurred at. the residence of one of the princes of Kaga. There, it appeared, that some poor wretch had been immured at the building of the palace, a fact of which the inmates of oue of the rooms' were suddenly made aware by a human leg protruding from the wall, and moving about in a most uncomfortably lifelike manner. The consternation which this ghostly leg caused throughout the castle can be imagined. Some of the retainers, more daring than the rest, bad the courage to attempt to clasp it, but its power was so great and the kicks it administered were so tremendous, that no one had the temerity to repeat his efforts. At last, one of those present Btruck pro-, bably by the unwashed appearance 1 of the leg, suggested that it might be soothed by the- ' administering of a bath. ^ The hint was acted on, and the leg with a satisfied flourish put its foot m the cold water, only, however, quickly to withdraw it and kick over the tub. Tile same ingénias retainer who had suggested the bath proposed'; that warm water should be substituted, and this proved tobe so grateful to the tireless limb that it allowed its foot to remain quietly therein. On one of the male retainers, however,, endeavoring to-wash the leg, it administered to him so sound a kick that he was: very fain to diesist from any further attempt at conciliation. At last a buxom maid servant,, suddenly struck with the truly feminine idea, that while it rebelled against being attended to by a male hand, it might become more gentle under a woman's gentle touch, volunteered to attend to its ablutions, and sure enough the leg, with evident» gratitude, accepted the welcome ministration ; and after having been gently washed and carefully dried, it waved a graceful farewell to the assembled company, and retired for the night. But this was not the last of it. Every evening thereafter at the same time the unwelcome visitor came for its bath, which was always carefully prepared for it. But it is a singular fact that it could never be got to overcome its dislike for cold water, and that it showed its affection for the good-natured maid-servant, who was told off especially as its attendant, by kicking over most unmercifully any one else who attempted to touch it.— Japan Mail. 