IMMINENT !OPICS$ LEO M AND THE JESUITS, THE Liberal press in Europe is dis- 'satisfied with Leo XIII. His Holi- ness is not [all [that |their fancy painted him; he is going his own way, not theirs—the way of the Church and of his predecessors, and this is a bitter disappointment to those who predicted that under the new Pope the Vatican would come to terms with the temporal power. For brevity sake we use their own expression, and for the same reason we shall avoid explaining at any length why it is absurd to assume that the Vatican is in any way responsible for the quarrel. The aggression was all on the other side, and the Papacy is merely acting on the defensive. It is not, however, acting precisely as the supporters of temporal supremacy desire, and for this they cannot account satisfactorily to themselves. There is Leo XIII., who is known to be a learned, clear-sighted ecclesiastic; who by word and pen has given proof that he can grasp political and social subjects in a comprehensive and enlightened spirit; and it does seem unaccountable that a ruler so "liberal" should be found to adhere to the rule and traditions of an effete authority. So .they say, ^and the puzzle sets them searching for its solution. They meant to be complimentary to His Holiness in anticipating that the most happy results in the way of reconciling the Vatican with its enemies would follow from his elevation, but in the explanation they offer for their disappointment they are the reverse of complimentary to the Holy Father. They now allege that this enlightened, liberal minded Pontiff, in whose wisdom and independence of character they reposed so much confidence, has been controlled by the Jesuits. Though not at all an Ultramontane himself ,thev have persuaded hiin. to play an Ultramontane part. He was a strong—a very strong man, but by some inscrutable means they have shorn him of his strength, and reduced him so, much to the condition of a child in their hands that his only means of ^recovering strength and independence is to banish them from his presence. This he can do by a stroke of a pen, and a European telegram says that he is about to adopt that mode of delivering himself from his crafty advisers. Some short time since His Holiness spoke of the religious orders of the Church in terms of the highest commendation, and now he gis .about to banish one of the first of these from his presence. What a sudden and wonderful change! It is however, just possible that there is not one word of truth in the report. There are people who will consider it most improbable and all but impossible that there can be any truth in it, for the list of similar reports that turned out to be utterly groundless is a very long one, and is not forgotten so readily by all persons as by those who wish the Holy Father to become a patron of Liberalism and the Revolution. The Times correspondent at Borne, .dealing with one of these, said: " I am in a position to assert that the many reports of the Pope's failing health, which have appeared in some London papers during the past month, are absolutely unfounded," and the Tablet, commenting on that confession, said :— We should have liked to see at the. same time a contradiction of the other ridiculous statements about the pressure alleged to.be brought to bear on his Holiness by an imaginary "Camarilla," " intransigenti Cardinals," and " Jesuits." The present Holy Father is about the last person to allow himself to be turned by such influences from any course of action on which he had definitely resolved, and we are convinced that nothing of the kind has «ver been attempted. The opposition and intrigue which has been alleged to have so gravel; affected the Pope's health must be relegated to that realm of fiotion which has been so. prolific of absurd storieB about " the Vatican." Is this report that it is the intention .of the Holy Father to banish the Jesuits from the Vatican another of the " absurd stories ?" We think so, and shall not be surprised to learn, when the refntation of it reaches us, that there were no Jesuits at the Vatican. As we were told that the Superior-General was banished from Rome -when he was many leagues away from it,' it will only be strictly in accordance with experience if we should hear that there was no Jesuit at the Vatican to be banished from it. THE multiform Protes* BOAEDSjjOF t&nt; clergy and the \- ADVICE. protean Protestant laity of fiaUarat seem to bB sorely exercised in:jipuit over the ungodliness of the State Bchools. They find that the'. Boards of Advice obstinately refuse to allow the school buildings to be uBed for religious instruction after school hours, and the worst of their grievance seems to be that the boards use only those powers given them by the law. Thus the secularity of the act pinches all round. The dogmatic rapist and uneectarian Christian writhe finder the torture of the heaven-sent secular system. Even such a very, ghost of religion as that airy abstraction, undoginatio undenominational religion, cannot be tolerated in State schools. But religion, in the abstract or the concrete, the people will have, or so much the worse for the Board of Advice. The people wax wroth against these advisers of the Minister of Public Instruction, and, in meeting assembled, with Dr. Thornton presiding, ,the jpjghty and indignant clerics and laics decree that not one of the unaccommodating gentlemen shall again be a member of the Board of Advice. This is a'tempeat in a teapot. What matters it whether the ministers go to the schools' or not P What matters it whether the Board of Advice invite them even to attend and teach the pointless and unprofitable platitudes of uttsectarian Christianity ? Not one jot. The youngsters will not be there. The experience of Dr. Moorhouse's failure in Melbourne should have made his brother oi ,-Ballarat more clear-sighted. The fight is de land caprind, or, in the vernacular, about that valuable commodity, goafs wool. The Catholics, we think, may let them see it out among themselves. However, should ahy of our readers feel inclined to ube their voting power in the elections for the Boards of Advice, we would recommend them to cast their votes for that candidate who will exclude the psalm-singing busyu„J: bodies t from 11, the schools. iT„„i_ mlijn.n: Timid Catho lies need have no scruple in opposing such a mockery of religious teaching as would be introduced under the auspices of Dr. Thornton and Co. In .this connection it is sometimes aBked how far, if at all, it is lawful for Catholics to become members of Boards of Advice? The answer, like those given to most kindred questions, must be largely regulated by the circumstances of particular cases. However, we may say that, since these schools are infidelising and demoralising in their very nature, no CatholMbffl&actively; and favourably interest himaelTin theLr management. Moreover, a Catholic's accepting such a position as membership of a Board of Advice, will be, either truly or falsely, attributed to a feeling favour- . . » - « , . . able on his part to the system, and this he could not entertain and remain a sincere Catholic. An exceptional case may ariBe where a faithful Catholic would do good by acting on these boards; for instance,-if no Catholic school exist in a locality and special dangers of proselytism or immoral influence threaten the Catholic children unavoidable . , attendance , at „ .. State ,. schools, then, indeed, may a Catholic take a „ seat at such a „ board. ' These rp U cases are extremely rare, and hence we repeat to our Catholic readers, keep aloof from the house of pestilence, the sepulchre of religion, the nurseries of impiety and impurity. Dr. Thornton's Conduct on the occasion to which we refer was such as may have been expected from a gentleman in his place. Mr. J. Campbell moved, " To remove misapprehension, this meeting affirms its loyalty to the Education Act in its integrity." This is the first part of the resolution passed under the presidency of a man who calls himself a Christian. The latter part of the same wise resolution is simplyludicrous. The Rev. Campbell, learned in the law, proclaims that the common impression that the act is opposed to this after-school religion is utterly erroneous. No, Mr. Campbell; the act leaves that trifling matter of religion to Boards of Advice, who are not entrusted with the expenditure of a shilling of the thousands wasted on education in Victoria. Religion is not worth the attention of the office, therefore leave it to the tender mercies of their high humbugships, the Boards of Advice. In the conduct of Drs. Moorhouse and Thornton we find a continued illustration of the spirit of the'Church of England— " Fierce to her foes, yet fears herforceto tr Because she wants innate authority. For how can she constrain them to obey ' Who has herself east off the lawful sway? Thus does that Church, if we may so call it, seek now in vain to direct or oontrol its children. It was the rebellious daughter of the Church of Rome, anil now, like all disobedient .children, reaps in its turn the fruit of its sin. 'Tis encouraging to Catholics to find that they are not alone in their discontent at least. The means of relief from the hardships of the lav present themselves variously to the different Protestant, sects and to the Catholics, bat 'tis well to know that, kit least,' none are satisfied with the present iyBtem except .those in whom the last r instincts .of religion are dormant or dead. As soon as the diaiuding halo of free ' andcompulsory education is: dispelled by lhe clear beam*.of factsi&nd; figures the hideousneu of the system will be discerned; and all will at least agree that the thing that knows no God must no longer rob the parents of their money, and the children of their hopes of a better life hereafter. WITH an object that may A CAUTION', be readily understood we give the following paragraph from the Age & prominent place in our columns :— Moses Aaron Rapken, warehouseman, of Swanston-street, was charged at the City Polioe Court yesterday with assaulting a respectable young woman named Ada Clara Bates. On Tuesday last the prosecutrix saw an advertisement stating that a girl about sixteen years of age was required to mind a house, the address being given as Gordon, 36 Swanston-street. She went to the place and saw the prisoner, who, under the pretext of showing her the house over which she would have charge, took her to a tbree-roomedj cottage in Flmders-lane. He locked the front door, and then asked the girl to live at the house, but not to let her friends know that she was going to reside with a single man. He then kissed her. She became indignant, and the defendant tried to pacify her and purchase her silence, but she unlocked the door and left the house. The prisoner was fined £5, or one month's imprisonment, the bench expressing their opinion that he had inserted the advertisement for the purpose of decoying young women to his house. This is a warning that should not be lost on Catholic parents and their daughters. In Melbourne, as in every other large city of its kind, the snares and temptations which beset female virtue, rnqre especially among the humbler classes, ^e numerous and diverse, aud aU concerned should observe the utmost caution and circumspection in treading their way through them. A3a Clara Bates, though represented • as a respectable young woman, acted very imprudently indeed, and we should be sorry to believe that there , are . any , Catholic . ,. - young - women ? l "^blemished reputation who would ^ave^ote , d 80 . "^screetiy as she did. £ or . th0 d ' are P ut £ bia part Moses Aaron ST* 1 "® playea ne ' S ot very lightly, h °. We J er h ; a ™ beeQ wlsh or fa ^ u £ ° f K f e b f, nch ' t° r as ' c a f was broughv before them they could deal mth lt as a c tn^on ^ 1 ° aasault 1 " The 6 *P 08U , re aerves a11 the purposes necessary; it is a se vere punishment to hl m > and a valuable lesson for all young women mnman in the fha same aorvta circumstances />ip/inmaranrtati of r,r life lifa as the prosecutrix. As the disposition to HONESTY THE play fast and loose BEST with their principles is POLICY. very strong among politicians in this colony, , .. _ _ _ . „ and as it may seem to some Catholic electors that our advice ' as to their exercise of the franchise in relation to the Education Question would, if taken, impose upon them, in political matters, a too narrow restriction, we shall bring the New Zealand Tablet to our support. But before doing so, let us explain that theTablet is decidedly an ecclesiastical paper, and is published with an official authority to which the Advocate does not pretend. The responsibility of our contemporary is for these reasons greater than ours, , and that fact attaches to its utterance an ex officio authority entitled to the respect of all Catholics situated as those in New Zealand are. The Tablet says:— It is only at the hustings and the polling booths Catholics can strike efficaciously. We wish, therefore, to impress on Catholics two things. In the first place they must' keep in mind the names of all who opposed their claims in Parliament, amongst whom, of course, the" members of' the present Ministry now hold the first place; and secondly, they must take measures -to secure the registration of all Catholics having the required qualifications. To ensure success organisation is necessary. It would be well, therefore^ if in each locality a small working , committee were formed for the twofold purpose of reminding Catholics at the proper time of' the names -of their prominent enemies, and of attending to the registry of " Parliamentary voters. Such committees ot^ht to be appointed at once. In these remarks a principle for which ne have often contended is laid down—- i.e., that Catholics should employ every means within <t]ie Constitution for returning to Parliament candidates favourable to them on the Education Question; On this vital question Catholic electors, are too easily cajoled or satisfied, the consequence is 'that• they •ira-dei * ceived and betrayed. Thiey'^l^gt half : ptbmis^' their trust in mpn who t the courage of their . __ they have had experience!, not now the <»ndidateKanaii^*^4ii» the Catholicielec^r«^^®«| there is S to come. The time is opportune for the change^ we advocate. Seats mav be lpst by its adoption,, throm^ it men now m Parliament may JS their seats, and others who want to there may not succeed, but if CathnK politicians and Catholic electors do no? avow their principles and their intention openly, and rigidly adhere to them instead of commanding the influence they should possess they will continue to be the sport of political parties who use them without respecting them and who have not the slighest intention of helping them on the Education Question.' OUR readers will be glad CENTENARY to see, from an advertise- OF ment which appears elae- VOLTAIRE. where in our columns that the article on the awful death of Voltaire has been reprinted from the Advocate.. They will thus be able to preserve ts6 tfceful a document more easily than in' the form in which it originally appeared, and wa hope they will not fail to provide themselves with copies immediately. 