Wijt Haptmija ^eralti. I FBIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1878. AGKRICULTTJEAL SOCIETY SHOWS. There are some few persons in our midst who fail to see that the annual gatherings in connection -with our -various Agricultural Societies are of any practical value. They contend that though the ostensible aim of such exhibitions may be to encourage our young fanners to become first-class ploughmen, and to be willing to further improve their skill by testing it against that of all comers, as a matter of fact these meetings do not answer that purpose, but serve simply to benefit the publican who has a booth on the ground or at whose house the customary dinner is held. Fortunately those who take this gloomy view of the ease are in the minority; ana -rill more fortunately, the position taken by them is one which a little reflection will show to be groundless. Take first o£ all their chief objection—that the publican is the chief gainer by these gather ings. Ill the majority of cases we believe the much-abused publicans gain very little, whilst in very many cases they are actually the losers. It is well-known that as a rule publicans pay high rates to be allowed to erect their booths on the ground, and have to bear considerable expense in putting up the requisite structures, while if the weather should prove unfavorable and the attendance small the amount of trade done will be very trifling indeed. Then again, with respect to the customary dinner (which by the way we think would be just as well dispensed with) it very frequently happens that after the host has set out a plentiful provision for a large number of guests he has to undergo the vexation of seeing not more than half the anticipated number of guests sit down. But even supposing all goes well, and the publican does make a profit, what matter, so long as it does not interfere with the successful carrying out of the Society's chief aim, the creation of that spirit of competition amongst its subscribers and the spectators which is as equally as essen tial to the development of excellence in agri cultural and pastoral pursuits as in manufac turing circles. Ours is an age of progress. Our formers are not content to till the soil in just the same manner, and with precisely the same appliances, as did their fathers. The circumstances are different, and the inventive genius of the practical agriculturists and skilful mechanics are conjointly called into operation to enable the requisite work to be not only more effectually, but also more speedily, accomplished. Old-fashioned farmers may prefer to cut their corn with the hand sickle. That ancient weapon might do very well for the limited area and heavy yields of the wheat-fields in the old country, but here our farms being much more extensive and our yield lighter, we must have machines which can reap their seven or eight acres a day. But it was not enough that a reaping machine should be discovered. There are reapers and reapers. Some are lumbering, heavy, and comparatively useless machines, whilst others have been so improved as to do the maximum of work with the least expenditure of power. So, too, with respect to ploughs, where farms are composed of twenty to fifty acre-paddocks, single-furrow ploughs might suffice; but with our vast extent of agricultural holdings these would be of no use, and our farmers and mechanics have gone on increasing the capa city of the ploughs, so that now single fnrrows are the exception, their places having been taken by double, triple, quadruple, and even quintriple-furrow ploughs. 2fo one farmer of but moderate means can afford himself to obtain all the new ap pliances introduced from time to time, in order to arrive at a conclusion as to their respective value; but by means of these shows farmers have the opportunity of comparing the work done by the different orders of im plements, and can then purchase those which their judgment recommends as being most suitable to their requirements. Then again, as to the workmanship dis played in ploughing. There are a good many slovenly farmers in our midst who maintain that so long as the ground is turned up ifr does not matter whether the furrows are straight or of equal width, or whether the other fanning operations such as harrowing, rolling, &c.;, are done neatly or not, so long as they are done. The prizes offered for ex cellence in the different varieties of plough ing by these Societies do much to prevent that retrogression in this respect which might otherwise justly be dreaded. And this not so much because of the money value of the prizes offered (though even from this aspect they are not to be despised), but rather be cause of the natural desire there is in the human breast to excel when brought into com petition with others, no matter whatthe pursuit in which such competition takes place. • 'The spirit which leads our farmers' sons to aim at being prize-takers in this friendly strife^ is the same in kind as that which animated 'the heroes of art, science, and commerce, and enabled them to attain and maintain Anglo Saxon pre-eminence in all these various roles the wide world over, whether under tropical suns or amidst the ice and frost-bound Polar regions. — Then again, in the matter of stock. We maintain that our farmers may, if they will, be benefited considerably by these periodical competitive gatherings. Eveiy. farmer should know something about stock. It costs no more' to feed and' rear good sheep,' horses, cows, or pigs than it does inferior stock. But such is the weakness of human nature that nine persons out of ten think their own geese swans unless they are actually standing by the side of the genuine bird. Now that our farmers have in their stables so many well bred brood mares, draught and otherwise, and. that so many good sires are available, it be comes important them in. place of buying im ported stock at high prices, to breed for them selves, and as at these shows most of the sire* of the district, and many of their progeny are to be seen, the farmer is enabled to judge for himself, and to select accordingly. As to cattle, nearly all our farmers go in for keeping a few to fatten for the butcher, as , well as for a few eows for dairy purposes,, and the profitableness or otherwise of so doing depends very largely on the best kinds being obtained. Some of our farmers have perfect treasures of milch cows, which give an almost constant supply of good milk and butter, whilst others have wretched creatures which eat their heads off in proportion to the yield given. These exhibitions enable those who may not be thoroughly competent judges themeelves to see what are the distinguishing poitns of the various kinds of cattle, and thus they are enabled to cull their herds—to get rid of those which are least valuable, and to replace them by those of a superior class. Nearly all our farmers, too, combine wool growing on a small scale with their other pur suits, and very properly so. Now in sheep, just as in other things, the probability of profit depends mainly on getting the right class of animals to begin with. These shows bring together exhibits of the different breeds —those which are best for carcass or wool re spectively, as well as those which combine both points. We do not pretend to say that those who attend such shows must necessarily gain in knowledge thereby, but we do maintain that it is to a large extent their own fault if |they j do not do so. There are some people who go through |the world blindfolded, who if they have any poweis of observation never employ them. But whilst to this class agricultural shows, in common with other exhibitions, may be useless, to the man of ordinary observation they cannot failjto be of great service—not merely enlarging his knowledge, but also in citing him to attain the excellencies and avoid the blemishes of others, and further rendering the experience of each, farmer available to others, so that the mistake may not need to be committed of each one repeating experi ments which have already been tried by his. neighbours. Nor do say that these ex hibitions are free from faults, but the good they do is far in excess, and those who see the errors referred to would do far better if they assisted;to eliminate the objectionable features,, in preference to ma.lring them their excuse for standing aloof from what should be a most useful institution. Tub Semaphore Batteries.—We note that Mr. W. Bond's tender for the erection of batteries at the Semaphore was the lowest tender received, but is not yet accepted. Legislative Council Elctions. — On Tuesday evening last, August 20, eleven can didates addressed a largely-attended meeting of the electors of the Legislative Council, at the Town Hall, Adelaide, when propositions in favor of Messrs. Campbell, Hodgkiss^ Ingleby, Martin, H. Scott, Spence, and Young were carried. Each candidate in speaking, was limited to fourteen minutes. Received.—We have received from some unknown source a paper on Mr. Macgeorge's proposed Outer"Harbour at Marino, and a plan showing the respective lengths to which, piers at that place, GrleneLg, and Largs Bay would have to. be carried to reach the re quired depth. Our correspondent forgot to attach his name to the inscription " Printed, matter only," on the face of the envelope,, nnd though some people ask " what's in a name," as though they thought the answer should be " notliing," the Post-Office autho rities evidently think otherwise, as they mulcted us in the sum of lOd. for our cor respondent's omission in this respect. The Kapunda Waterworks.—We took, a run out to the site of the new reservoir on Tuesday, and found that the contractors,. Messrs. Lewis & Marshall, have put on a. number of men to in the first instance en large the dam in what was formerly known as Mr. Tuckfield's paddock, in order if pos sible to secure a plentiful supply of water fox puddling operations during the summer, as well as for the supply of the requirements of the camp. The contractors appear to be gen tlemen of the rigbt stamp, and intend them selves to reside on the ground, so that the works may be conducted under their personal supervision. The men are to work forty eight hours per week—viz., from 7.30 to 5 other days, whilst on Saturdays they will leave off' at 1 o'clock. The Government have= purchased about 130 acres of Mr. White's land here, but the main reservoir will be in the Rylands paddock. There is some grub bing to be done on the site, after which the surface has to be ploughed to a depth of six: inehes, anc1 when this has been done the con tractors will be able to put on a full staff of men, and as a good many are about leaving; the railway works in consequence of that con tract being completed, the probability is that Messrs. Lewis & Marshall will be able to secure plenty of the right class of labor. Our only fear in connection with the matter is that which we pointed out some time back, that the delay in calling ;for tenders has driven the work so late in the season as to render it very doubtful whether or not the contractors will be fortunate enough before the winter passes to store as much water as they will require. The Rev. Mb. Clark's Lecture os Westminster Abbey.—It is within a month of three years since Mr. Clark delighted & Kapunda audience by his splendid lecture on the " Tower of London and those who had the pleasure of hearing that production re solved that it should not be their fault if they did not embrace any subsequent opportunity afforded of healing another of his unique lectures. Since that period, Mr. Clark has travelled through the United States, Canada, and the mother country, pursuing his avoca turn as a lecturer with unbounded success, and since hisreturn to the colonies the most popular of his many successful lectures has been that which—intended as a companion lecture to that on the " Tower of London "— deals -with, the eventful histoiy and sacred associations connected with that glorious I metropolitan, ecclesiastical structure—West- ' minster Abbey. The announcement that Mr. Clark was to deliver this lecture in our Insti tute Sail on Tuesday last drew together a large auditory, though the hall -was by no means so densely packed as had been antici pated by some "who in order to secure seats had congregated about the doors at 7.15, the lecture not commencing until 8 o'clock. But though the audience might have been larger, it could not hare been more appreciated, as during the nearly two hours occupied in the delivery of the lecture the attention of the audience jjwas rivetted without the slightest break in the interest of the lecture, which was couched mainly in the most beautiful poetic language, though now and then, as it were to prevent th estrain being too intense, humour ous sayings were interspersed, affording the op portimityfor the exercise of the risible faculties. Mr. Clark does not look quite as well as on the occasion of his former visit, but his elocu tionaiy and histrionic powers are if possible of a stall higher order now than then, whilst his voice is perfect, and his memory wonder ful, the whole of the so-called lecture being delivered without the aid of a single note, and without even a few minutes' interval for the relief of the lecturer. There are no extra neous adjuncts to the success of the lecturer —no music, no scenery—alone and ^unaided Mr. Clark's powerful eloquence suffices to entertain his hearers' attention for the time named. It is not our intention to present any lengthy report of the lecture—-want of space forbids; nor indeed were it otherwise would it be well to do so, for to be thoroughly ap preciated the lecture needs to be heard, not read. We will, however, hastily indicate the line of procedure adopted by Mr. Clark, who in his opening remarks spoke of the indescribable fascination possessed by the genuine antique, alike in nature and in art; but in order to evoke this such antique needed not to be absolutely dead, but to have in it that indescribable something which, appealed to the sympathies of the present whilst re calling the histoiy of the past. There were ancient spots such as Stonehenge—the last re maining remembrance of the Druidical altars— which awake no such feeling; butjthere were also works of human hands venerable in their ruins, admirable in their decay, because built for beneficent purposes, the contemplation of which kindled all their higher and holier feelings. Such were the medseval churches scattered over old England, around which clung the traditions of at least half a score of dead centuries, but which still stood serene amidst the turmoils of the present age. It is worthy of notice that many of these were built in what were self-satirically termed the dark ages, regardless of the fact that in them the germs of the great scientific truths developed in later times were first discovered; to which we were indebted for Magna Charta, for decimals and algebra, for the mariners' compass, for many of the more important discoveries in astronomy, &c.;, whilst as regards architecture, the highest aim of architects of the present day was to be able to equal the beauty, the purity, and the unity of the buildings erected in those days. Nor had the essential truths of religion been greatly developed since then. Nor was it ignorant credulity or superstitious terror which lead men of all classes to give of their means 60 liberally in those days in order that fitting sanctuaries might be erected to the honor of God. The lecturer then carried his audience back in imagination to the banks of the Thames in the days of Edward the Confessor, where on the Isle of Thorns, afterwards known as Westminster (on which place there had been a church for the introduction of Christianity) stood the Abbey, towards the erection of which he had given one- tenth of his sub stance—not the present Abbey, however, for that was of Saxon date. Coming down to the days of William the Conqueror, the lec turer applauded the wisdom of that monarch' in having his coronation celebrated there, as thus he linked himself with the traditions of the past. In passing, the lecturer remarked that it was a mistake to speak of the conquest of England as having taken place in 1066— the real conquest was going on even now, and was being accomplished by the Australia#, which sent home its cricketing team to teach the English how to play their national game. Coining further down the stream of time, Mr. dark pointed out that it was to Henry ill. they were indebted for the restoration of Westminster Abbey, almost in its present state. Edward L cruelly and wrongfully took the Scottish coronation stone from the Abbey of Scone, and placed it beneath the coronation chair in which the succeeding monarchs of England had been crowned. A lively descrip tion from the Spectator was given of the attractions of the celebrated chair. Next came a sketch of the troublesome times of "King Bichard U. (who being bnt eleven years of age when crowned, was so wearied by the ceremony that he curled himself up in the coronation chair and went to sleep), the preaching of John Sail, the rising of Wat Tyler, &c.; The times of the frolics of Fal staff, Poins, and Prince Harry were sketched, as also the action of King Harry in throwing off these old associations, and by his bravery and conduct at Agincourt entwining his iin.mfi with laurels, which were still bright and green in the memory of the English. The lecturer here recited magnificently the well-known speech on the battle field, closing with the war-cry " God for Harry, England, and St. George!" Henry VJJL added to the building almost a second abbey, enclosing a shrine not inferior to that of Edward the Confessor to enshrine his remains. A plain illustration of the fact that though men pro posed it was God who disposed was to be found in the fact that though Henry VII. commanded that the monks were to sing in the stalls for the repose of the King's soul as long as the world endured, the monks were not now in their stalls—not even the ghost of a monk—and as far as he knew the world had not yet come to an end. Washington Irving's description of the chapel of Henry Vil. with its stalls of the Knights of the Bath was then quoted, after which came a description of Anne Boleyn's glorious progress from the Tower of London to Westminster to be crowned, contrasted with the mournful pro cession three years later when she left the Tower to be beheaded. This was followed by a sketch of England in the days of Queen Elizabeth, who in spite of some mistakes was ^ repeated for the passionate love of her country displayed by her in the midst of an unexam pled blaze of national glory, until a weaTy old -woman she passed away to her rest, and was buried with her sistor Maay in Westminster, not far from the tomb of her victim, Mary Queen of Scots. Next followed a glowing eulogy on the heroes of the Commonwealth—Cromwell, Ironsides, Blake (the greatest of England's naval heroes) and others who were buried here but afterwards disinterred and buried unceremoniously in the yard of one of the Abbey officials by command of Charles II, the sole exception being Elizabeth Claypole, Cromwell's favorite daughter. In referring to the career of Blake it was mentioned that in two years he captured 1,700 ships, and in twenty months caused the United Provinces of Holland to sue for peace, and to acknow ledge England as what they hitherto had been —the Mistress of the Seas,—and so patriotic, that he died as poor a man as he was born. The lecturer then glowingly described the aisles in Westminster devoted to the sepulture of England's illustrious states men, the Poet's Corner, &c.;, paying fitting tribute to the leading notabilities in statesmanship, literature, art, and poetry, and concluded by remarking that almost every village churchyard contained the ashes of those who though not as famous were in their way equally as noble as those whose tombs they had in imigination visited with him. There was still room on the bede-roll of fame for the name of all who would take their share in the world's manifold work, and when they in their turn were laid in God's Acre that work should be crowned with an eternal glory all its own. Both at the close and at intervals during the lecture Mr. Clark was warmly applauded, and his announce ment that before he left the colonies for England some three hence he might probably deliever another lecture in Kapunda was received with evident pleasure. 