Our contemporary Hilda so much pleasure in perverting tho truth, especially in respect to tho Main Line Railway Com pany, that it w, porlmp3, matter of little consequoucc wluit ho writes, excepting when he distorts and puts a wrong con struction upon documents which are oven recognised as olhciul. Ever siuco me opinion of learned counsel has boon known to bo against the colony, tho " Mercury" has redoubled its exertions to misrepresent facts, and rovilo those \v;Jio woro honest enough to pay doforcnce to tho judgment of such eminent legal minds. The tot few issues of the journal in question arc romarkablo for the utter disregard for truth the writings display. Wo shall content ourselves by exposing aoino of the most glaring misstatements. DIFFERENCES OF OPINION. "Tin: Mercury," Mr. W. Clark, September 9, 1878. M.t.G.E., April, 1878. An English com- # Speaking generally, pany attempted to it appeared to mo, palm on us the sorriest under the circmu- of Bruiumagen ware stances of the cose, for the pure article, that the engineer has and demand from us completed such a line as their right that to ns L should expect to which they have no find under the condi- claim, etc. turns regulating its construction, ami quite suitable to carrying all tho trafiic. Had it beeu con- The company, T am structcd as it ought to informed, havo nont havo been, and as wo out from England 700 bargained it should tons . . steel rails. . . Lave been, it would but I do not think ateel have done that for rails could have been which wc, as a colony, required, unless spc- uudcrtook certain obli- ctally mentioned in the gat ions. contract. Onhls(.Mr.Rciboy's) Several new loco- shoulders rests the res- motive cugiuun, I am ponsibility of having informed, aro also encouraged and aided ordered. . . . Ail this the company in obtain- is entirely in tho light ing money from the direction, aud £ should colony for which wo hope that all those have not received tho concessions which are quid pro quo. not strictly required by tilts contract con ditions will induce tho A company that had The fact of the train ft contract with tho service having for two Government, and from yearn complied with the duto of that con- the contract, uud Imp- tract has shown hut pily without fatal or ouedesiro-toovorreach serious accident, tho colony, and to give should, I consider, lis an aiticlo very info- fully satisfy the can- rior, indeed, to what tract condition t and wo stipulated for, great responsibility attaches to those through whose instru mentality the speed aud consequent danger is maintained to com ply with a mistake in the original agree ment. Tho "Mercury" no doubt hopes by keop- ing up a running iiro of abuso of the railway tfi induco tho public to bcliovc that the English lawyers' opinion that tho lino bargained for has been made is a delusion, and by that moans to ondcavor to support tho untonable position so long persisted in by that journal and it's " creatures " in withholding payment of tho guaranteed interest earned by tho railway for sorvices rendorod. Wo havo always maintained a persistent advocacy of tho lights of tho colony, and have, inoro than ouco, pointed out how those rights nro to bo established, cither by shutting up tho railway, or by pointing out to tho company what yet is required to bo-dono to tho lino; but tbo colony has yot to learn how it lias been damni fied, ovoti if the railway is slightly defec tive, so long as all tho accommodation contracted for in tho shapo of an effective train service has been rendorod. Mr. W. Clark is a man of much greater einlnonce and experience than tho " eminont" engineers of tho adjoining colonies, and ho lias taken a practical and common sense view of all tho questions in dispute, seeing that tho oolony has a " complete rotnody " a# pointod out by tho English lawyors for any defects in tho line. Tho opinion asked for by the Government waa received nearly four months ago (May 21), and tho substance of it was no doubt known by telegraph some six woeks or so beforo that. Wo should like to know what stops havo siuco been taken by tho Government to protect tho in terests of tho eolony, in conformity with that opinion. Perhaps tho " Mercury " will point thorn out? No doubt it is gall and wormwood to thoGovornment and to tho " Mercury " to know that tho guaran teed interest must bo paid, in accordance with tho legal opinions of the Attorney- General of England and Mr.. Benjamin, Q.C. The credit of tho colony is at stake in this matter, and wo agree ..with tho remark in Colonel .Gray's circular oE the 2!)th ult, that' the Government should not proposo to pay their arrears, but pay them. ( . . : Tub discussion in tho Legislative Council yostorday afternoon upon Dr. Crowther's motion, that the ; reply givenby the Colonial Secretary to. his question of tho 4th inst. bo, taken , into ; consideration,, gave rise to some merriment, and.at tho Bame time showed how little reliance can. bo placed on the statements made by Mr. Chapman, - and tho pitiablo part he plays; especially in tho Main Lino Railway con-' troversy. The question as to how tho report of Mr. Clark upon tho Main Lino became. known to the champion misrepro- soiitntivo of Buckingham; revealed the fact that tho , report .had not. been dis closed to him ,who» ho asserted that it was adverse to the lino, but in order to .bait tho railway, and "to continue, his vain attempts . to find a subject, upon wltich he can talk himself back' "to" 'popular esteem,' ho has/liad to resort to tho despicable practice of guessing at . tho contents of a document and passing.. off his presumptions upon those who aro footfall enough to accept anything lie says as genuine. What would the hon. gohtluinan, himself, havo thought of such conduct ou the part of an ox-Minister when he was sitting on the Treasury bonch? Wo aro inclined to think tho facetious air ho assumed whon alluding to a certain pussy as his infor mant, was fetgnod in order to cover the suspicion thai ho really was informed of tho contents of the roport by that confidant of the Colonial Secre tary, ' who rnthor rosomblos one of tho rodent, than the folino, order, though lie may bo bald-headed and bull-necked. There is nnother runner of tho coterie who might bo called "pussy" and not be a she cat, but it is not likely any of the Ministry would entrust him with any important socrot. Mr. Chapman would havo tho Council believe that when ho found tho document privately placed in Ins pigeon-hole, upon the con tents of which he luid so rashly speculated, he did not at ouco road it to aoo how fur his 8uriiiisos lmd been correct. Not till tho following Tuesday did ho show it to any ono, Of course, for all his intents and purposes, he did not require to do ho, iiiasmucltas thobosom friend of theColonial Secretary was no doubt posted up closoly on ovory point Mr. Clark lmd touched upon. Tho Hon. Mr. Monro's action in going through tho form of obtaining per mission of Colonel Grey to hand tho roport over to Mr. Chapman was evi dently intended to conciliate the last- named. Wo accept the hon. gontloinan's statomeut that he askod for tho roport for Mr. Chapman in the interests of tho Main Lino Railway for wliut it is worth. If tho menthol of tho Council valued tho hutiiiiics of Mr. Chapman as little us the public d», they would pay tut heed to what thai lion, gentleman said, hi any independent Legislature his impudence and presumption would bo "coughed down," hut among a set of men who gloat over every word the states man says as being Hiiro to stave oil tho iucninc and property tax, if it is only reported in tho " Mercury," the demands of reason aro likoly to be altogether sup pressed. It matters little to such an assembly whothur or not the Colonial Secretary furnished the hon. member for .Buckingham with a document in direct contraveutiou of u pledge given to tho deputation of tho Main Lino Railway. They considor tho end justifies the means, and any 'stuffing wilt do to keep tho blushes out of the cheeks of their faithful servant, and the hands of the tax-gatherer from their own pockets. After so many loud declamations against tho enormity of tho crimes committed by al! connected with tho railway, and the serious dumugo that was sought to bo done tho colony, forced humor coincs with a very bad grace from the man, who, ho above all others, has most cause to ropent his con nection with it. Tho country has heard quite enough of the Main Lino Railway, and tho less tho lion, member for Buck ingham has to say upon it the bettor, for, in addition to his original sins, he only drags himself deeper in tho mire in his attempts to foist statements upon tho Council and the public, which ovoryono knows are impostures. Lkoislativk Council.— Ill tho Legislative Council yesterday the Rural l'oliou Rato Bill Missed its third reading. Tho Council instated upon its amendments made in the Genoral Hospital Bill. Several petitions from various districts, with reference to the Presbyterian Church Bill, wore ordered to he printed. Tho pctitioii from Kiugul, rela tive to tho municipal franchise, was also directed to be printed. The Colonial Score- toy..!" reply to Mr. Immss notice, stated asking 'hYfii' Vuetner iiu had madfi tnFptfa- inise attributed to him to have tho intorcst paid tho Railway Company should the opinion sought in England be adverse to the Government. The answer to this communi cation has, as yet, not been received, but in two letters received from Mr. Fysli ho had advised that the interest to the Main Lino Railway Company he not paid, although lie (Mr. Fysh) was acquainted with the opinion given in England hy counsel in the ease stated by the Government. The House at a quarter to (i o'clock adjourned till 7 o'clock this ovening. House ok Asskmhly.— After tho usual routine business had been disposed of yestor- dny, the Military Discipline Bill was com mitted aud passed with a few unimportant alterations. Tho principal subject of dis cussion was the Ihiblio Works Act Amend ment Bill. After tho House had resolved itsolf into a committee, Mr. Whitehead mov«d that tiro cliairnjan should loavc tho chair. In doing so he made a vigorous attack on tho Government ami thoir public works policy. Several hon. membors took part in the delkito whieli followed and lasted till nearly 10 o'clock, when a division of 14 to 1 1 decided that the measure should he gone on with. Mr. Douglas, therefore, moved such amendments as were required to make the Act repeal tho former Acts and not altor them, and in that shape it was reported and adopted. Tho second reading of the Enquiry into Wrecks Act was carried, after a motion that it he road that day six months, made by Mr. Belbin, had hocn withdrawn. At 10.30 p.m. the House adjourned till 7 o'clock this ovening. Inn City Council. — The Municipal Coun cil will meet on Monday next, at tho Muni cipal Council Chamber, at 4 o'clock. The following is tho business for consideration Roports from various committees as follows, viz.— E'nblic Works : On application of lion, see. Society for Provention Cruolty to Ani mals on condition of roads at Landsdowno Crescent and Forest Road ; Do.1: On offers of Mossrs. Audrows, "Wiggins, and Hawkea, to supply a certain amount of material, labor, horses, and carts to amend tho condi tion of such roads, if the Corporation will allow the use of the crushing machine, etc. ; Do. : Oil two lotters from Mr. It. W. Fryer on condition of Frederick-street ; Do. : On petition for removal of a shed on Corpora tion land in Bathurst-street, under lease to tho Dorwont and Tamar Assurance Com-' pany ; Do. : On application of Mr! Hunter for a bridgo over suie channel in Elizaboth- street, and pitching ami repairing footpath, etc. ; Do. : On application of Mr. George Peacock for bridge over side channel, Old 1 Wharf — both under bye-law; Do. : On ftp-, plication of Mr. W. Snow for stone to build a retaining wall in Patrick-street. Admiralty' Sdrvkv. — "We understand, from a telegram, that owing to tho Victorian Government having withdrawn tho allow ance for continuing tho marino survey for thnt colony tho station will -bp transferred to Ilobart Town. Tho tclogram docs pot mention whether or not tho colony is to find the vessel, but wo should think this would no doubt be provided by tho Imperial Go vernment. Captain Stanley was ncro a few days ago seeking for quartors, so no doubt he will take up his abodo here within a short time. ; PnoTEcrtoN of tub Tasmanian Carle. — Through the courtesy of Mr. W. Warren, the manager of the Tosinanian cable, wo have been furnished with a copy of the fol lowing additional harbor regulation of tbo colony of Victoria, in order to protect tlio cable from damaco from vessels mooring over it 19 A.— bor the preservation of tho submarine cable at Western Port, no vessel shall anchor off Flinders during the night within tho aro of tho white light oxhibited to seaward from the end of the jetty, "nor shall any vessel anchor during tho day within tho same aroa, viz., with the end of the jetty bearing between "W. $ S. and N.W. i N.— Given under my band and seal of the colony, at Melbourne, this twelfth day of August in the year of our' Lord one thousand eight hundred and soventy-eigbt,- and in tho forty- second year of IIcrMajesty's reign, G. F. Bowen. By His Excellency's command, Peter Lalor, Commissioner of Trade and Customs. The Ksa'i.tsii Mail. — The R.M.S. Assam, with tho English mail, arrived, in Jlobaonta Bay yesterday inbrniiig, iaiui the h.s. Dor- went, with tho' Tasmania!! contingent, left nt 10 a.m., clearing the -Heads at 2 p.m. The letters will arrive liorc this ovening, and a delivery at the office window will be mado abont 10.15. Northern Popi.tuv Show,— The secre tary, Mr. F. E. Littler,— has received the following entries for the exhibition to be lield on Wednesday and Thursday next, at the Pavilion, Public Gardens: — Northern (including Westhmy uud Longford), 423; Midland, 24; Southern, 73; exhibition only, 2— total, 522. The entries for poultry ami dairy produce do not emtio quite up to those of last year, hut those for pigeons show a very largo increase, aud this part of tiro exhibition is expuctod to be splendid. The entries for dairy produco were largo last year, in consequence of a' cup being offered as a prize to the most successful exhibitor. In poultry, the entrance fees have been in- cscasod, and soinu fanciers had not had as great success with their birds as on previous occasions. These reasons may account for tho deficiency in the entries as compared with last year. Following aro the judges appointed : — Dorkings and ilralunas, Mr. W. Silver; Spanish and Cochins,' Mr. George Padmau ; Game Fowls and Game Bantams, Messrs. W. McElwit anil W. if. Dodery; Ornamental Fowls, Mr. H. Healtl ; Turkeys, Duck and Gcc»c, Mr. 11. I'ittnrd ; Pigeons, Messrs. K. C'oningsby and 10. W. Atkinson ; Cage Birds, Mr. U. A. H. Williamson, and another to bo appointed; Butter, Eggs nnd Cheese, Messrs. W. Murdoch and II, B. Dorrie ; llams, Bacon and Lavd, Mr. .1. llollington, and another to Iki appointed ; Seeds, "Mr. G. P. Uudsqp. 'Die show pro- iniscs to be very successful.—' Lnunccston Correspondent. Entertainment at Richmond. — The National Variety Troupe appeared at the Richmond Reading Kuom on Saturday even ing last, to a large ntul appreciative audience. The performance began with the usual minstrel entertainment, in which tiro whole company took part. The ballads, ' Kiss me and 1'lfgo to sleep " and "Nora O'Neill," were pleasingly rendered by Messrs. Bright and llemmiugway. The corner men, Viiimg (tamlHi) and Mclroso (lames), were provoca tive of much laughter. In the second part, Mr. Melrose opened with a solo (the " Lullaby ") on the liquiridsolsophon, which quite took the audience by storm ; after which Mr. Vlniuggave the character song, " Out in the cohl " with great mtcccss. The same gentleman also gave some Dutch and Irish songs, to the great amusement of those present. Mr. O'Mara's rendering of the recitations, " Sliamus O'Brien " ami " Eugene Arum's Dream," were highly appreciated. The performance concluded with tho laugh able farce, " Tho Stage Struck Darkey," by Messrs. O'Mara, Viniug, Melrose, and Bright, which sent the audience away much pleased with tho evening's entertainment. U'Attuv Read's Ghost. — This novel enter tainment continues to attract large audiences to the Town Hall. Last evening it was under the patmnago of His Worship the Mayor and Aldermen. Tho icrforimmcc went as smoothly as ever, and at umny mints of it thero were manifestations of approval on the part of the audience. The Ghost will continue to appear nightly till the cud of tho week. IIkhatta Committer. — The Regatta Com mittee held its first meeting last evening. Tho following were present : — Messrs. Dow- dell, McMillan, llayle, Chapman, Gill, Turner, Mitchell, and O'Boyle. Mr. Dowdell was unanimously elected chairman. It was decided to abolish the system of pay ing money prizes on the regatta ground, in consequence of tho iucouvcniancc it caused to the committee. It was not decided I whether a settling night should bo arranged or not. A long discussion arose upon the programme, and from what transpired it appeared that the majority of the meeting were in favor of there being no champion gig race this year. The final settlement of tiro programme was deferred for a fortnight. Complimentary Conckkt. — Tho eompli- eoucert, lo AV\ 'ltUDJrt Young," was very heartily and unanimously approved of by- a Jaigo audience which asscmblod at tho Tas mania!! Jlall. For some years past Mr. Young lias taken an active part m all oar amateur entertainments and other social gatherings, aud his versatile talents have always beeu accorded universal praise. He is about to leave' the colony, ami as a parting mark of esteem it was decided by his friends that a concert should bo given. Tho host available vocalists and Instrumentalists offorcd their services, and, under skilled cqudiictorsliip, the affair could not bo other- wisc than a success. A full programme, consisting of 21 items, was rendered, and as several encores were demanded, tho concert lasted much longer than was contemplated. Each lady aud gcntlcumu did her aiu\ his utmost to please, and tho manner in which thc auditors testified their approval was sufficient guarantee that they succeeded. A rending in tho first part and a recitation in the second liy two acknowledged elocu tionists wcro well received. Wc must not concludo without mentioning tho masterly manner in whiclr the accompaniments were played, tho gentlemen who undertook tho task assisting very markedly to tho suc cessful rendering of the songs. Vehicles without Drivers. — It is often the custom of drivers having anything to deliver, to draw up thoir vehicles at the korh and leave the horse or horses un attended. Many aud serious accidents have occurred from this neglect. This morning, a man with a handcart was nearly run over by a loaded dray, through the precaution of locking a wheel by. tho driver having been neglected. Wo think that if a bye-law compelling drivers to adopt this precaution docs not exist, the sooner it is framed the better. Supreme Court.—1 Tho following causes (i!50 .Jurisdiction) have been set down for trial by the Registrar, Georgo Browne, Esq., on Monday next, beforo llis Honor the Chief Justice: — 1." Hayes v. Connors, use and occupation, £32. . FlaintifT's attorneys, Dobson aud Mitchell ; defendant's attorney, C. : P. Frodshaim < 2\. Burgess v. Morgan, breach of contract, £50. Plaintiff's attorney, D.; IT. Crisp ; - defendant's attorneys, Gill and Ball. 3. Rowntree v. Webb, work done, etc., £14. Plaintiff's attorneys, Gill and Ball ; defendant's attorneys, Dobson aud 'Mitchell. 4, Millhousq v. Conway, pos session of a house, £10. Plaintiffs attorney, C. P. ' Frodsham; defendant hi lerson. 5\. Day r. Skulley, conversion, £21' 0s. Plaintiff's attorney, C. P. Frodsham ; de- fondant's attorney, A. I. Clark. G. Williams v. Mailing, money paid, £14 103. Plaintiffs attorney, C. P. Frodsham ; defendant's attorneys, Dobson and Mitchell. 7. Kin- ohott v. Williams, money payable, £33 ISs. Od. Plaintiffs attorney, C. P. Frod sham; defendant's attorney, D. II. Crisp. Furious Driving. — It has come under our notice that reckless driving in tho public streets is tending to bccomo a nuisance, L'hta iporning we noticed a bqggy qnd pair being driven at a tremendous speed up Murray-street ; luckily, comparatively few ncoplo woro about. Tho occupant ought; to have known better, and should ondeavor to sot a good example to his fellow-citizcns instead of putting thoir lives in jeopardy. Driving quickly round comers, is also very reprehensible. Other olties havo ndoptcd tho wise courso of . punishing those, going beyond a walking paco round the angles of the principal streets. This should lie made law in the present session of Parliament. 