XBia&pa; or tax »aktmr. 3x~jkiji0 cttriowf mod V perhaps ,w }3aralWed circoastwioe io Bngtuh administrative aunels that during a tanore of office which %« «ow lasted fom- vear* tie Prime Miaistarbsa had tmt one garter at bi. disposal. Mr. Gladstone, daring a fiv« years' ? Prm ?niersbip, had mt least five blue «b boDato«rreaway, wbOe four of tbe prtwaul teighta date from the period of Conservative rale to 1866-88. which lasted leas than two yeara «nd a halt Several foreign princes have, indeed, been admitted to the order since 1874, the list being Humbert X. of Italy; but these are' extra knights,' twenty fiive ribbons baring been referred for aubjects not descendants oftiWm II., by the statute of 1805. Very likely a minister doea not think himself un fortunate in being relieved from tbe responsibility of making a selection from the always naroeroaa candidates for the most coveted of honors. ' For ?very blue ribbon I give away/' said Loom XIV., speaking of the Order of tbe Holy Ghost, 'I make one un grateful and eleven disappointed per sona.' Lord Melbourne, wbo would torn pale whenever he saw a letter bordeied with black on his breakfast table, fearing it announced the death of a bishop, may well have felt a similar uneuainess when called upon to decide what peer should be granted tbe privilege of having tbe letters K.G. put after hi* name. How eagerly that privilege has boen sought is matter of history. For five centime* it may almost be said to have been 'the hut infirmity of noble minds' in Boglacd, and, since 1603, in Scotland too. Probably, indeed, a good deal of tbe social bitterness with which North Biitons wore long re garded in London wbb due to the tact that they obtained from tbe Stuart kings far more than their share of honors, and notably an undue pro portion of blue ribbons. Jauier I , bv the-way, while as yet only the Sixth of Scotland, wae jienerally understood to have accepted the Garter from Queen Klisabetb by way of compensation for his mother's loss of her head. But the English Queen judiciously sup plemented the gift of tbe George with a pension of £6000 a year. One of William HL's allies among the German princes thought mouoy could hardly be weighed in tbe scale with a Garter. His Serene Highness had long and persistently demanded a subsidy of £400,000, but cheerfully agreed to accept £100,000, plu* the blue ribbon. Opinions differ. The late Lord Fiizwilliam, on being offered the same distinction, aaked what it would cost him, and on being told ' about a thouaaud pounds,' said he thought be could find a better use for the money. The Garter has been in fact, though not in name, a quasi-hereditary honor. At certain epochs one finds it running in certain families, which then ex ercised the greatest authority in the state. During the first three centuries of the existence of the order the decoration was not confined by pre cedent to peers. As late as the eighteenth century Walpole received the Garter while atill a member of the House of Commons; so, about fifty years later, did Lord North. Tbe younger Pitt was also offered the blue ribbon ; while declining it for himself, he begged it for his brother. Toe king assented ; but, while conferring the ribbon on Lord Chatham, aaid be wished it to be understood tbat the honor was accorded in consideration of the service rendered to tbe crown by all tbe members of the family. The last member of the House of Com mons wbo was a K.O. waa Lord Palmereton. A century ago he would have been disignated in debate, like bis predecessor in the Premiership, as ' tbe noble lord with the blue ribbon.' But then Lord North wore bis ribbon in the House. A Commoner, being a Knight of the Garter, ranks immediately after tbe eldest son of barons, and immediately before Privy Councillors, tbis being the position assigned him by letters patent issued iu tbe reign of James I. Of foreign princes, the Emperors of Austria, Bussia, and Brazil are Knights of tbe Order: so it the German Emperor, aa well as his eldest son and eldest grandson. The sov erigns of Greece and Persia (in strange juxtaposition), as well as the eoverigus of Italy, Denmark, Portugal, and Belgium, are also Knights, as are several princes of the German Emperor. The Bultan and the Kings of Spain aii-J Sweden have still to receive tbe honor. Unlike the Golden Fleece, con ferred on Marshal M'Mabon and M. l'hiers, the Garter has not in our age been bestowed on the Chief Magis trate of a republic Ladies were occasionally admitted as CompanionR of tbe order down to the reign of Edward IV., who, for tbe greater contentment of his subjects on the other aide of St. George's Channel, instituted an Irish Garter. Tbe sister order was however, abolished by act of Parliament, 10 Henry TIL, 148*. Three clergymen are always mem bers of tbe order according to the modern custom ; and it is aa prelate of the order that tbe Biehop of Winchester takes precedence of all other bishops, excepting those of London and Durham. The Order of the Gaiter may be aaid to be interwoven with tbe very constitution of England. The roll of the lords spiritual and temporal is still called ' Garter's Boll ;' while tbe Gentleman Usher of the Black Hod is appointed under tbe great seal of the order. It is not snpriainc that under tbe circumstances an extroardiuary value should have attched to mm of the external and visible symbols of the order, which are, in fact, among the heir-looms of the crown of England. Headers of Isnak Walton's life will remember how, after tbe battle of Worcester, tbe fugitive Charles, by ^^?AM^BBV^^F'^H^i laSs^fasW^aaT I'aavaT^'tf'aW''^ -A smBJjMTal A hrm^thsdstgt^p. aod'fcc^bfe a*rv»ee of eoDvayiog tke^ 'teaser ifl^qpf^'^jtojI'^ye.Wft^^r.k *%? ' on to iberibbos ; tbe ^Onaat George, «r George propar, beine worn aua peinieA ,ir*m ibe *old*a e-4i r. Down to the rmgu --f Caarle. II. Uie ribbon waa morn aeroa* the neck, a»~ the ribbon of « Knight Commander of tbe Bath is still worn, Tbe custom of wearing it pm- the left shoulder 1* ?aid to have been introduced by acci dent Tbe Duebess of Portsmouth, with French taste, bad arranged it in that way aero— her little son's breast ; with which fashion tbe king was so much pleased tbat ha adopted it for himself, the other knights of course following «uit. The child in question was created Duke of Richmond at tbe age of three, and installed a Knight of the Garter before he had completed his ninth jear. He was the. ancestor of the present Duke of Richmond and Gordon, wHo, some men aay, witl one day be the Premier of a Conservative cabinet ? Don't do it — Now and then a man ia impertinent enoogfa to boast to some woman of his conquests over female hearts. A man who is capable of doing tliia is quite incapable of comprehending tbe disgust he inspires by his narrations. Generally liis stories are lies or ex aggerations 