THE SCENE IN THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. OUR Parliamentary report, of Saturday described the disorderly proceedings which took place in the Assembly Chamber that morning, up to the time of, and which led to, the clearing of the reporters' and strangers' galleries. The debate was upon Mr. Gray's motion for the construc- tion of a railway to Illawarra. From the outset Mr. McElhone characterised the proposal as a swindle, and in other language, more forcible than polite irritated the advocates of the proposed rail- way. The excitement of the hon. gentleman culmi- nated, when (supposing that Mr, Gray had said that he had "disgraced" the Chamber) he sprang across the floor of the House, and with clenched fists and menacing attitude threatened to knock Mr. Gray's head off. Mr. Charles, who was sitting behind the hon. member for Illawarra, interposed, whereupon Mr. McElhone invited that hon. gentleman also to go outside and have his head "punched." The hon. member paced backwards and forwards between the cross- benches and the door of the chamber in a state of frantic excitement, exclaiming, with great vehemence, that he would "punch" the heads of the members for Illawarra and Kiama, that he would "thrash" these gentlemen, and so forth, at the same time accompanying his words with menacing gestures. Neither Mr. Gray nor Mr. Charles (both men well advanced in years) showed any sign of "fight'' or of fear; but several hon. members sprang to their feet to protect them from the blows which appeared imminent. Mr. Macintosh was apprehensive that if these threats of physical violence were suffered to go unchecked "murder'' would be committed ; and several hon. members were somewhat agitated. Judg- ing from the standpoint of the gallery, however, many hon. members regarded the fracas with con- siderable indifference ; and but for the continued excitement of the hon. member for the Upper Hunter, who appeared to have lost all self-control, the scene would have probably passed over, without notice. Mr. Fitzpatrick, us we have already reported, called the attention of the Chairman to the fact that there were strangers in the House, and the galleries were cleared. After the reporters were excluded the committee proceeded to discuss what notice should be taken of the breach of order which had been committed, Mr. McElhone having first been ordered to with- draw. It was eventually decided, on the motion of Sir John Robertson, that the Chairman should leave the chair, and report to Mr. Speaker the fact that the hon. member for the Upper Hunter crossed the chamber in a threatening manner, with clenched fists, and assailed the hon. member for Illawarra. The House having resumed, Mr. Driver reported accordingly. Mr. Speaker ordered the Sergeant-at-arms to summon Mr. McElhone, who thereupon entered the chamber and took his seat. Mr. Speaker repeated to Mr. McElhone the report of the committee, and called upon him for an ex- planation. Mr. McElhone then, it appears, said it was true that he had crossed the chamber to the hon. member for Illawarra, but denied that he had done so in a threatening man- ner, or with elevated fists. He proceeded to explain the occurrence as it took place, alleging that he had received great provocation. He did not know that it was in the power of the Speaker or of the House to compel him to make any apology ; but he was willing as a man and as a member of that House, not as a matter of right, to make any apology due to the House for the conduct of which he had been guilty. He admitted that he had been frequently guilty of disorderly conduct in the House. After making this explanation, the Speaker told Mr. McElhone that he must withdraw, and the hon. member having done so, the House proceeded to consider what steps should be taken in the matter. Sir John Robertson moved a resolution to the effect that, in the opinion of this House, the member for the Upper Hunter is guilty of contempt in crossing the chamber, and, in a threatening manner with clenched fists, as- sailing the hon. member for Illawarra. Mr. Shepherd denied that the hon. member for the Upper Hunter crossed the chamber with clenched fists, and therefore part of the resolution was not correct. After the lapse of nearly an hour and a half the reporters were admitted. The House was then discussing what action should be taken. The House agreed to the resolution that the hon. member was guilty of contempt. Mr. McElhone was induced, with considerable difficulty, to admit the right of the House to demand a humble apology ; but felt no difficulty in apologising as a man and a member for what he had done. He denied that he had clenched his fists. The apology being deemed satisfactory, the hon. member was released from his contempt. A motion made by Mr. Windeyer, "That the chairman leave the chair," was carried by a majority of one, and the resolutions for the Illawarra railway were in that way defeated. The House then adjourned. INFIRMARY ITEMS.—The following cases have been treated at the Sydney Infirmary :—John McCarthy, 9, wound on forehead; and John O'Brien, 8, fracture of forearm. SHOOTING A FUGITIVE PRISONER.—"Quite a sensa- tion was created in Castlemaine on Saturday morn- ing" the Representative states, " by the report that a prisoner had been shot in attempting to escape from the labour gang at work on Summer-hill. The report turned out to be true in its main particulars. It seems that soon after the labour gang had arrived at the scene of their work, one of the prisoners, named Thomas Bolam, made an attempt to escape. He seems to have made a run through the open space between the Church of England church and Arch- deacon Crawford's garden, or through the garden itself, but was challenged by Warder Goss. The prisoner still continued running and the warder fired a shot, which did not, however, take effect. Seeing the prisoner was likely to make good his escape, the warder fired again, this time more effectually, for the shot passed through the fleshy part of the prisoner's upper arm. Bolam was caught doubled up by the railway bridge, and the whole gang was at once conveyed back to the gaol. The prisoner who made this rash attempt to escape had but nine months more to serve, which would have been reduced to six on his good behaviour, His mate, however, with whom he was committed, was liberated a few days ago, and as the two were seen talking together, there is very little doubt the plan of attempted escape was then arranged. Its failure will probably have a deterrent and salutary effect on the other prisoners." THE AMUSEMENTS.—On Saturday night there were but few changes to note in the "programmes nt the theatres, "Henry IV.'' still holds its own at the Victoria, and the Easter extravaganza, "Ivanhoe," amuses large houses at the Theatre Royal. At the Guild Hall D'Arcy Read's "Ghost" has now made a great success ; and Thompson's Diorama, with its variety entertainment and distribution of gifts, has a full share of public patronage. The Georgia Minstrels at the Queen's Theatre are certain to be popular at holiday time. For their last week they have arranged a new programme containing a great number of clever comicalities which, as usual, they do well. At the Exhibition Building, on Saturday evening, there was a fair attendance, though not so large as might have been expected, or as it is customary during the first week of' the Exhibition. The Marionettes appeared to be the most taking part of the programme. There was, in addition, a very good concert-pro- gramme, in which the names of Miss Mattie Daniels, Mrs. Pratt, and Messrs. A. Fairfax, E. Foster, Usher, and Lloyd appeared. Mr. C. B, Foster was musical director, and also played a pianoforte solo. It was, however, almost impossible to hear anything at a distance from the dais, for, as is well known, it is a matter of great difficulty for any vocalist to fill the building. The Artillery Band played some merry operatic selections during the evening.. MDLLE. CHARBONNET.—It will be seen by our advertising columns that this lady is to give her first concert here to-morrow evening at the Masonic Hall. Mademoiselle Charbonnet, who is the daughter of the late Chief Justice of New Caledonia, has been educated as a pianiste under the direction of pro- fessors of the Conservatoire of Paris, and, from what we have heard, she is likely to do honour both to herself and her masters. We notice in the programme the names of Hummel and Saint-Saens—composers whose works have not hitherto been brought before our public, and this maybe regarded as an encour- aging sign of some real musical progress in Sydney. GOOD TEMPLAR CONCERT.—On Monday, the 22nd instant, after the usual business in connection with the weekly meeting of the Lifeboat Lodge, No. 9, I. O. G. T., a public concert was held and a select programme very ably presented. Those who took part were—Miss Brown, Miss G. Jamieson, Miss A. Wells, Mrs. Howe, and Miss E. Jamieson; also Messrs. H. Gainford, F. Matthews, Lewis, H, Matthews, Richards, J. Davies, Groves, Notting. Hanigan, and others. Miss M. A. Brown played the piano accompaniments. It was intimated by the chairman that it was the intention of the members of the. lodge to hold these concerts monthly if prac- ticable. 