1 tfte ~rbe of r~earnIcna R OMANCE OP SPAIO N IN TH? PWsTE~KTSCENTURY. CKH~flEN XgL~-(Oonitiusied,) ~'?2thshand yesaterdsyimetan old friend, ':.ptin Eakososa' replied Goantees COara,, . n~wLa~ e reasomh tobelieve that the nan lortudn sise an ?i Lora Hsralta, the istos/ I:?ktL alratlof ti?he Turkish sea." \- - ,'Saedhave you anyhknowledge of seora'es : ttended bide-i- Ld?y r- Maonta she is -atled1t' askedsdMster Xeaon. , Sflrihe is SaLbse's deeghter'I have heard," pllsConutees Clars, who .or many years its.ldthat dsr ,daughtdr, Lsady. Ma. ?5n1 ss3r ;psr ledi 44 ase. X?'I know no o uhig or--sare that I heard some rumour Pmihusband tbhatashe had been smnashed h bn ,4e brides of Lord Haraids at the 34 Isell yoq wRhat the msnalieione i ins~ea. . told .s as we lay prostrate elltpse at her feet inthe Boordapalafe," : r Bedwind. S .s:e~rwina then told to Countess with.t uWhioh Countess Ines had taunt 5 p,epnfpeesed to him and his Idnemsn hiCeO nntsss Inane.had no Lee that either aserer to speask again onearth. S' h, it ms ybe true ! It nest be truet" aelaiml ted as.Olara, whin Master Red. in 4ud oepolhen. " Ines del Boorda has e ujsae he eoul of a dend-the heart fs a demo, She is capable of .any crime to ly.r kdesire for Zevrge. "ennot be e is th he invented the asleoan the spur of themoonent simply to torture your mind. -o:.0o. Bhe boasted of her evil deeds from . gudlein her aenoess in villainy. Alast and S..all bej.trbue, my poor child will die of the SisonLes del 8oords boastedaehe had made' io swallow. Hesyen's will be dones We aut all this aifde for to-Pday, for hot and e.d wo.rk may tar aSllour powers despite the adsthtsg~es we bare." P'sut Countes Olara wase not fully aware of the-mayma tters wahioh were calminating for the -speedy dowofall of the Boorda aelh .on. S Immediately after, sending his brave wife to see to the resaue of Mastersr Marton and Redwind, Count Torreda had prepared his by waiggons for the part they were to play . . the eapntureofbhe most powerful fortress * ?o~arselona at thattime-as the great fort now on Mout Inieh did not then exist. I* .ehalted the waggons in the immedlta wcinity of the fortress; and no sooner did hbeh!ar the report oL that single aulverin Sdslerged by Salsa, than he shouted : "Torreds for ever I T&rpds; l" SThe cry was repeated instantly by all the ?rwtendei muleteers near the waggons Mume boeing not fifty pes from the great open gate of the fortress --and. from every O ngBon Ieaped ?med men hitherto con Iys?m. eda dioveed noth~ng,'and SIs?peoted nothing, after her fall upon some ofths hay. Had she:detected the presene \- ? ohiden men she would have told no one s.ave Coa?t Boords, and his- suspiiouse .kt ire woejd have carried. him and his :tuards o every waggon of hay in thie city. -~There were thirty or forty of these waggons-all of whioh hsd passed unsus pe.ted through the city gates during the seoeding day and night-end under the oea eh.sggon were hidden from ten to iteen men. Therefore the force that iiddent?y appeared and r~led at the open apte of the fortress numbered nearly o" Lllpyftvebh.mired well armed and daring o.ane. 2ho few guards on duty made a brave attempt to elose the gates, but were soon Oyprpowre'd and beatendown. The governor ithe fortress, an oldu.bt brave man, and a deveted follower of the Boourds fastion, ool esoted ios rew seldiers around him and tried tolnt his way ot of the ploe. But he was oon oat down-land slain, beinoga person very obnurions to the Torreds fastion, and all his Sfellueee ahare$ his fate .- for the Bar 'lonians, toble and oommon, were a ornel peopl Jb their warfare, sad are to thbis day, as reent Insurreptions pldinoly prove. Mnysfriende of Count Torreda were in the various r ella and daungeons of the fort tesj? and these the count liberated rapidly; and arming them from the great stores of we?pons of the plioe, bade them "Strnik now for vengeanoe and Torred !" .6 sooner did the head of the gorernor ttilkesthe Boor as be fell dead than the three glialguPs wefre Bred by the eommasnd of : 1Qi.t hrdp. t bnow well onh i .d tur. way ' -??]?,! i rst Lordof Breim.. In Yatldts pqrts of the st hs ambushed parti ,san? hadm r ohedibelt toe strd io s 5.gthslrway to ba'~iri ts in slin saptur. g the fortress of The Aresonale-which, by the way, did not at that day stand where the fort of the same name stands in our day, but on a more elevated spot, and much further frbm The RBmbla of nSt. Monios. The signal that the fortress was already captured was roaring over Barcelona and its port ere the thousand men who had been so long concealed in the Torreda palace sould arrive at the stronghold, but they pushed on, azid were soon obeying the after rders of their chief. The leaders of the great sesoret orgniasa tion called "The Darts," no sooner heard the three signal shots than they raised the feation ory of the Toereds--maeh to the amazement of the greater part of their fol lowers, who were not aware of the plot to restore Count Torreda to power. Yet all blindly obeyed the orders of their leaders, and also raised the faction ory of the Torreda parlty. Count Torreda warmly congratulated the two Englishmen upon their escape from death, as they and Countess Clara met him st the head of a strong force just quitting th6 gate of the captured fortress, and afteir learning that the disguised earls desired to aid in ornshing Count Seords, ordered arms of the best kind tooe placed in their hands; and glad to have the experience of two snob brave and skilful leaders on his side, asked them to accompany him as advisers. "We are not turning aside for any private purpose of our own," thought Master daxton, as hebhurriedly prepared to take active part in the task beloro all haters of the Boordas. "We are lost, and the treasure in our port manteau is lost, and all chance to aid the ca0e0of HInry of Ricmond is lost, nnless we behold Count Scorda's power beaten to fragments theis day. Heaven grant that Torreda may win, and that he whom Sourda condemned to the iron chair may escape all harm-ay, whether he be my son or not." ."You have done enough, dear wife,"! said Oount Torreda to his countess. " You have proved your courage--at which Countess Iner has often sneered, and the people of Barcelona will admire you more than ever. Yet you are no Amsazot, and youer life is dearer to me than my own. I pray you remain here in the fortreas--to whose shel ter, indeed, the fortunes of the coming struggle may drive us." "Nriy, my dear haeband," said the oonn. tees, "you will be dead ere you return as a fugitive to this fortress. I willgo with yon. I have heard something concerning the intended bride of Sords-I mean Balbsoa's daughter, ,as ehe is oalled--sd my heart tells me it is true." We must now return toithe platforms. CHAPTE XIXXIIL TE? BARGE OF NALBAC. Tam schemes of Balbaco had not designed the capture of Lady Moaseents until she and all the noble friends of Count Soorda should be out of their various barges and upon the bridal platform in fancied secunrity. His own position as guest would enable him to be within eaiking distance of the would-be bridegrooin er the cere mony of martriage was begun, is men, more than two hundred strong, were to suddenly break through the cordon of the guards which he expected would be placed in the empty barges around the platform, and chbargp furiously upon the muSale guests, most of whom were very slightly armed, and none of whom would expect anyatteck. In the conftusion, Balbso intended to stab Count Scorda and follow Lady ]Maeenta ho the boat to which she was to rush with all speed at his command. All his boats had been selected for their capacity to be urged swiftly through the water, and he had.no doabt that all could make their escape seaward until they would be under the shelter of .the gohe of one of his warships whioh, in thecharacter of espanish trader, had been cruising ofthe ?Qatalonian osast for several days. The ail whichlwe have said was seen by Juan Galloz from hie slofty perch was that expected thereaboute by Balbac. Each of Balbac's boats was provided with a mast and eail, which could be speedily placed in proper position and used were a friendly breez to spring up, and eash was. a swift sailer. His men were all expert oarsmen, and bh had no fear that any of his boats, eve f were there no breeze to permit the use of sails, could be overtaken by any boat in Barcelona. Silently and secretly, and with great skill, he and his faithful agents had prepared his plans for his intended rescue of Lady MaCzeenta. The nnerpected rush of boate upon and over the buoy- lines, ead in between the barges of which the marine and bridal pro. cession was composed-a rush created by the premature discharge of the calverin c?used Balbaso to believe that by a sudden approach upon the bridal barge, and a signal to Lady Mazeenta, she ?woeald be able to spring from her barge to his ere she should arrive at the bridal platform. And once in his barge her rescue from the power of C(ount 8corda would be almost fully secured; for a messenger had arrived from his ship in the ofing on the previous day, and he had no fear of being captured by the .boats of Barcelona in any pursuit that might be made. The chance was well worth seizing, and therefore Balbac ordered Ahmed Ali to lift his foliage-crested lance and more it as a signal for all boats of the renegade to turn their bows toward the bridal barge. Though less. than ten minutes elapsed between the disuharge of the onlvemin and that of the cannon of the captured fortress, a scene of great 'confusion had grown up in the vicinity of the. bridal barge during that time, and all a.opg the space recently kept olear between the buoy-lines; as the eager ness of all to be near the bridal platform created furious strife of tongues and oars, and often of sharper weapons. It was at this eseneof confusion that Volta was gazing when the three guns of the fortress were heard, and he was etruek head long into the water by Galzs, who had been told by Captain Esksoso when to strike. Volta wse not even btonned by the blow that hurled him forward over the edge of the platform, and caused hide to take a very deep and very involuntary dive into the water. He did not Imow who or what had felled blm, and as his head reappeared above the snrface he strnuak out lustily toward his barge, " The Boat of Deatb," which was being laithed to the edge of the platform when he tumbled over so suddenly. But he had not made two strokes when he. saw that his barge would not be a safe refuge just then, for Balsa, armed with a huge and and long-bandled sword, the "Sword of the Death'sman" in fact, was in the barge, strik ing furioeus blows right and left, and shout ing in a tremendous voise: " Death to eBords I Death to all the Beordes I" " The Sword of the Death'eman," as the above weapon was called in Barcelona, was one whose blade was fully five feet long, with a hilt for two hands, and was never used esave by the executioner when a criminal wad to be beheaded, though it always appeared when Volta had any kind of publis punish ment Upon his bands. Its long add broad blade was brightly burnished, and it had just beea plsaced in posttion, point down ward, upon the platform, when alsa dealt the blow ofhl fiSt that bhnrlelVoltainto the water. Er the faling ·'sontaper' body struck the water, salsa bounded upon the man whose oiGe it was to see the sword properly placed near the edge of the platform, struck the men down with another blow of the fSat, and seized the huge hilt of the enormous weapon. Then shouting: "Death to Scordal" Salesza sprang into the barge and began to slash the double-edged blade up and down, and right and left. The oarsmen and prison officials in the barge faneied that Salza was the viotim of some sudden and terrible frenzy; but his attack was so swift and unexpected that three of their number were killed or die abled before the others began to make any stand against their formidable assailant. Nor had any got in more than a blow of an oar or the thrust of a pike at Salza are all saw that crowds of men, and apparently more women, all well armed, were spring ing upon the execution platfpm from the large raft of which we have spoken. These, the Greek sailors of Captain Eskosoas, shouted as they rushed from the raft, brandishing their swords. " Rescue for Haralda the Greek I lcralda I Haralds I Eskoros 1 Rescue I RBeseo ! Heralds the Greek I" On pBeeivirg this charge the rmen in the erecutioer's boat no longer thought of try ing to overcome Sialza, but only of saving themselves; and uttering various cries of terror and surprise, they began to leap fkom the barge into the water, just as Volta'e head reappeared from his involuntary dive. Meanwhile Eskosos and his companion were busy about Lord Haralda-soe freeing him from the gag, and the other from his bonds, and both speaking words of joy and good cheer to him. And at the same time all who were in the eaonspiracy of the people against the Boorda faction, and upon tue water, raised the Torreda war-cry after the example of their leaders, and began to attack the various barges of the bridal marine procession caing darts, stones, javelins, and arrows, which had been well-concealed in theor boats. The roar of the third of the three guns of the fortress was also the signal for attack upon the Sdorda faction on shore, and the Inez and BScords guards and all the soldiery of the BSordas on land found themselves un expectedly and furiously assailed by well organised bands, numbering at least two thousand men. These were members of the secret and popular order called "The Darts." Count Boorda's eye chanced to be resting upon Volts at the very moment the latter was struck down by Sealze, but his attention was turned elsewhere instantly by the simul taneoeua attack upon the bridal barges by hundreds of other boates; and the cries of "Death to ScBoorda " "Down with the tyrants I" "Torreda for ever !" "Torreda I" "Torreda I" told him that a formidable con spiracy had exploded beneath his power at the very moment when he fancied thatit was ecaure beyond all attack. Balbao's barge was voy near that which carried Lady IMezeents, when he compre hended that a regularly planned insarrection or revolution had broken forth on every side of him, on land and on water; To prevea~ any attack upon his barge-toward wheloh several boats were being urged by men who breathed only hate for all the friends of Count Bcords-he bade all in, his barge to raise the popular cry, "Torreda for ever I" while he flashed his keen glances in every direotion, eek?ing to find the faces of Corat Torreda, who, he had no doubt, would not be absent in such an outbreak. Bat Count Torreda was on shoae at that time, marehalliag hil forces to aid thoee who were assailing the Scorda faction in "The Bambli" and near the quay of that avenue. "So," thought Balbac, amazed at an ont break of whose plotting he had had no tidings, and wPoh now swept upon his knowledge with the suddenness of a hurri cane, "so Alfonso has been secretly at work and formed a coasplrcoy whicb has ou.1trised Seorda, and which promises to be soneesfual. He should be in some of these boats luadiag this attack. What I it they abshout on the other p'-tform ? Ah-'Harelda the Greek I' and ' Ekoaos l' Here is a double conspiracy, or two distlnat plots bhave ohanced to explode at the same time." ' "My lord," called out P 'med Ali in Arable from the bow of the barge, "Haralda the Greek must be on yonder platform." " At least they have diseevered that the criminal anisot Haybad the Aposetate," said Baybad in the same tone. " We mut take care not to become en meshed amid then plots and outbreaks of which we know nothlng," thought Balbae; and risisn from hi seat he cualled out "' Anribio to Lady tMazeeants: " My daughter, in a moment my barge will be near enough to youn to permit you to leap from yours to u'rie I Be ready I" But at this moment the command of Count Soorda caused several of his barges to g?lde between the briddal barge and that of Ialbac; for the oouat, as brave as he was lrked, and as experienced in naval warfrre a any war rior there, was now in his own barge, giving quick and wise ordersand rapidly forming F'a available strength for offence as well as defence. And it was wonderful to behold with what ease and speed'so renowned and able a warrior gathered his barges into groups and lines of action, in spite of the apparently overwhelming odds against him. Countean Iesz now ehowed her Amazon ilature and skill in battle; for i an tcre'bQly short time her barge, well manned and armed as it was, had cErshed or put to light half a ceore of the boats of the people; and armed with a bow and quiver which she had enatched from one of her archeas, she let fly arrow after arrow, with vaerring aim, at every man who appeared to be a leader among the attacking boats. "That for you, Sauncho Valvoz " she exclaimed at one time, as aihe let Sy one of arrows. "2know you have ever acspired to be a great man among the rabble of Barce loena l" And the c tisf ofe of theattacking boats sprang suddenly into the air and fell into the water with the rcrow through his heart. "And this for yon !" she screamed again, as she hurled a javelin at a man who was taking aim at her with a dart; and ere the dart left the man's hand the jraveli' of the countess, hurled with lightuing.ii-ike quak ness, was three feet through his throat, and he, falling backward among his comrades, was dead in a few moments. Count Soorda no longer thought of marriage, He had detected, by a single glance ehoreward after the outbreak began on the water, that unles he and hia nobles should be soon in the city, his soldiers oen land might be beaten back from all the quays, and his enemies take those and other places of advantage. A glance at the platform of execution, and the shouts of the disguised Greeks told him that Lord Haralda was about to be rescued; and the war cries of the leaders of the insurgent people told him that the Torreds factioniste and, perhaps, his for midabl~e foe, Alfonsoe del Terreda, inpereon, were at war against him. Therefore, his commands compacted or deployed his barges as ehe rallied, .en. couoraged, one hurried all into grouupe and Ine besot oalonlatedfor speedy escape from waterto lend. ' :.... Ba~flao,,eleea wauiorrol timadreda of csafghts, both le ships aniboate, uawthet the nieasures so rapidly taken by Count soorda would greatly imperil if not wholly destroy his plan to resoue Lady Msseents; andhe halled out to her to spring from boat to boat till she shonld reach his own, as no less than, five barges were at that moment side by side between his and here, the one nearest to hers being that of Countess Ilez. It was an easy leap at that moment from the bridal barge to that of theeoontesse; and Lady Mazesnta first tore off much of her bridal dress that would have been a fatal impediment to all rapid movement of limb, and then made the leap with the lightness of a bird. "Seize her, Dama Boveda I" cried Coun tess Ides, who was in the bow of her barge as Lady Maszeenta lighted in its stern. " Seize her I Hold her ' The countess soreamed these commands from ebsheer malioe and spite-ready to do anything to crush any wish that Lady Mazeenta might have-for Countess Inee bhad no anspicion that friends of the maiden were near; nor had the ears of the vindictive woman caught more than the sound of Bilbas's voice as he shouted his words in Arabic. Damea Doveda, who had no heart to be a target for the many missiles hurled at all the barges by the people, was crouching on the floor of the barge at its stem when Lady Mazeenta's feet almost struck upon the dame's head as the maiden leaped into the barge. Yet the dame obeyed the countesa in stantly, and merely from foroeof habit; and no sooner did bshe have her nmuecular arms arornd Lady Mazesnta than she congrata. lated herself that she had now a kind of shield which would to some degree protect her from the missiles of the people. "Dama SBoede," whispered Lady Ma zeeant to her captor, "I will save your life if you will free me." "Oh-you are very cunnaig I How " asked the dame. 0You are poisoned." "Poisoned I I" exclaimed the dame. "Yes. You drank the wine poured out by Countess Inez." "Then she ispoisoned too. She drank of the same wine." "But she drank water from the other flagon immediately afterwards-"' " Oh, so she did 'I" " And Signor Caretta told me in Moorish that the wine was poisoned. That was what he was saying." "Oh-I remember; but yeou draunk-" "Water-which was also poisoned. And the lozenges I gave you were an antidote to the poisoned wine. Eat them and be saved." "Oh!" shrieked the dame, and in her dismay freeing Lady Mazeents from'her ciroling arms. "Oh II threw them awa I I did not like the taste! Ohl Ifeel very siekl" And as the dame uttered the last word, Lady Mazeenta sprang from the barge into the one nearest to her. "Catlh her " soreamed the countess. Keep her there I" One ~'a the barge into which Lady Ma eenta had first leaped tried to obey the command of the countess, but ashe stretched oat his arms to pasp the maiden she dealt him a stroke on hie throat as quick as light. ning. Her hand was armed . ih that dagger of which we have spoken, and the man's arms flew op, his hands grasped hie throat, and with a cry of dismay and pain he staggere d and sank down bleeding. And as he thus staggered, Lady Mfaz( Ite made he* third bound and landed opo. the low gunwale cf another barge. " This will catch yon P" scoreeched Coun. tess Ine, and as the words were on her lips she bsrled a javelin at the shoulders of the maiden, who was at that moment poising her lovely and agile .form for another leap. T"?e weapon grazed the maiden's L,ok, and whizzing on over the boat in which she was, and over the one beyond her and even over that of Balbaas-sill being in a lin - iered the thigh of an oarman in a barge This javelin, hurled with all the fury of the countess, was still in the air when Lady Mazeents made her fourth leap. This leap carried her into.the bow of the fourth of the five barges that were, at first, between Balbsac's barge and ner own. " Seise her I" screeched the countess. A young noble of the Sorda faction grasped at the maiden. Her dagger hflashed and he recoiled. She made her ifth leap, and sank into the arms of Balbac the P .. acen-his captive again: CHAPTER XXXIV. VOLTA SW55 . -o sooner was Lady Mazeenta in the a..s of her supposed father than he released her and bade her get beneath the small sanopy that covered a part of the stern of thi barge. Behind this canopy there was just room for the steeraman of the barge to s.and erect and guise its course with an oar, the top of the canopy being shaboat on a level with his waist. This helmsman was the real Haybad the Apostate, tall, powerlul, intellegent, and breve as any renegade there. Lady Maazeenta was beneath the canopy in a moment, and scarcely there when a javelin clashed against its lattieed aides. The javelin weeas from the vindiotive hand of Oountees Lien, and had not the stanchions and lasttice work oe the canopy been of iron, the well aimed and 0owerfully-thrown weapon would certainly have pierced through and wornded, it it had not slain, the maiden, ?nt the careful foresight of Balbto had provided what he intended should be aseenre place and shelter for her in the parsoit which he had expeoled would be made by Count Boorda's friends-- pursuit in which Dalbao knew the count's partisans would little regard the presence of a woman. The javelin of the enraged tontees clashed vainly against the iron lattice and fell back into the water. " Abaarsed she.fiend I" exalaimed Balbao, as he snatched up a javelin from a masa of weapons hitherto concealed on the floor of his barge. The next instant saw hUs tell figare e'ct, his right arm raised, his eyes no longer hidden behind peaoeful.looking speotacles, but flashing with all the fierce fire ol hate and desire to kill, and then the 1 javelin was hurled. The plumed helmet of the Amazonian oounntes was torn and beaten from her head by the force and aim of Balbao's javelin, and she fell as if brained on the spot. " You'vr slain the she-wolf of Bearelona, my lord I" cried Raybad, as he saw her fall. "Ihope so, though never before has my hand wounded, muhb less slain, a woman," said Balbso, who, despite his many evil qualities and ornel deeds, had been very sorupulous in his treatment of women. " Give the signal for our boats to disentangle from this battle as soon as they can and make for the open sea, Ahmed." Ahmed All lilted and tossed the foliage. banner in some peouliar way, and as eaeh helnismun of Balbao's. barges sar the well. understood signal, the bow of eaoh boat was turned aeaward, and its ooaupants used every effort to quit the soene of strife. Meanwhile Volts, terrified by the struggle t.f.- . wc:» cfromb tl cfiaiupa pliom,^ directed his ooerse toward the bridal plat form, which was not far from that of the iron chair. He was an expert swimmer and perfectly at home in the water, so that his long and frog-like atroles of arm and leg cardied him rapidly through the water. Yet ere he reached the bridal platform: it, too, was boarded from its seaward side by scores of armed men, who sprang upon it from many boats in which for hours they had awaited the eign?al of the three gnns. And all these men shouted either "Death to Scorda I" or "Torreda for ever I" "Come," thought Volta, as he again changid his course, s it is plain that it was indeed the Count of Torreda who beat me senseless with a slngle blow this morning I He is in Barcelona, and with a vengeance I So much the better for me and my trade--if I do not get knocked on the head are I reach the shore I--so much the better for me, whether Scorda or Torreda wins the day. I shrill have plenty of heads to out off, necks to stretch, bones to break, and lashes to in fliet. Ishall thrivel This broil will give me work. The publio executioner is always regarded as a neutralin these ontbreeab-pro. vided he has sense to keep hidden till all fighting is over. But he is in danger during fighting, if he be seen. Fortunately, only my head can be seen as Iswim, and that is a small object amid a scene like this." Other heads than Volta's were at that time jnst above water, and they were owned by those of his boat's crew, who had leaped into the waves to escape from Bala aend the Greeks. Two of theso heads belonged to Jahob and Beau, the sons of Volta--for though deaf and dumb they had quickly recognised the peril of remaining in "The Boat of Death." The mutes were also expert swimmers, and were soon in the wake of their father. They had great faith in his wisdom, and so fol lowed him. They made some peculiar noise as Volta/changed his course from toward the bridal platform; and he, glancing over his shoulder at them, saw that they were near each other and not two fathoms from him. "Good I" thought the Death'aman, whose ferocious heart was capable of containing a certain kind of affection for his offspring. " My lade have escaped Salza'a attack. Now why did Balza attack my bargeman and his fellow-assistants ? I am sure now that it was that sullen-brewed raseal Sales that knocked me overboard. May he suorvive this day, so that I may have the scourging and hanging of him. The seoundrel I ?e astually dared to amite my men with 'The Sword of Death.' AhI" Here. a stone strouck Volta on the side of his head and made him howl with pain. He had been seen and reeognised by a men in one of the boats. The man was aretd with a sling, and was master of that weapon. "Ho I There is Volta," said thi~ man to his comrades. "Volta who laughed at my writhing while he sconrged and branded me last year. This for him." And the very first alone he threw rapped violently on the)hard shall of the Death's man, and would have crushed a hole in it as large as an egg, but for the cap of wool and steel that was stll on Volta's head. "H oI And arenotthe two near him his. sons, Jaseob and Esau, the rascals who oapered withdelightwhen theysided theirabomlinable father to hang my.brother, year before last," oried a comrade of the alinger, armed with a bow. "Yes 1" And he let flyan arrow that gashed the brow of Jacoh as it narrowly missed piereing hais temple. "Pall neagerl Pauliearol" shouted the slinger to his comrades: "Let the Death's man and his cubs be our came first of allI Pnll nearr l Give way ! Death to Volta and his wheles I" Volta and his sons saw that they had been selected by the boat of the slinger to he drowned or beaten to death in the water. " If we scatter we shall be slain in rapid sucncession," thought Volta, who had already rerognised the slinger and the archer as men who each had a personal fend with him and bis sons. \- We are three in thewater, and they are six in the boat. Two to one in number. A hundred to one in vantage. if we scatter, we shall certainly be lost. II we hold to. gether in defence we may eseape.)' He signified his thoughts to his sons in a moment. His great right hand rose high above the water, and his long and nimble degers quivered, danbed, and unttered in the air, while the eyes of his sons were fixed upon them keenly. A stone from the slinger splashed water into Volta's face. An arrow from the archer shred off a piece of Jacob's ear. Esau's eyes flashed wtth rage, and he uttered a horrible yell., and shook a short, thick and broad-·bladed belt-knife at the approaching beat. The boat was rushing toward Volta and his two sons under the skill and strength of four strong men. The slU;nger stood in the bow and the tarcher in the stern of this boat. Theyandtheir four comrades thought they were about to pelt Volta and his sons to death, as boys pelt and kill frogs- only that Volta and his sons would not have half the chance of the frogs to get away. Volta and his sons swamslowly now, side by side; and they stam as if desirous to meet rather than avoid the boat. Every time a stone quit the sling, oran arrow the bow, Volta and his sons dived and so escaped the missiles. This was no difficult matter for these active fellows so long as the boat was more than twenty fathoms away; but as it approached nearer the danger of being struck increased. " We are lost if more than one boat singles us out," thought Volta; and the same thought was inthe minds of his sons.; But no other boat observed the Death's man and his sons, as the grand and general naval attack was upon the barges of the nobles. As the boat of the slinger drew nearer and nearer, Volta and his sons separated a little, but still swam abreast. Two of the four oarsmen quitted their oars and sprang up with javelins in their hands. Each hurled a javelinrwhen near enough to the ewimmers to take good aim. The three heads va-ished and escaped the javelins; but as the three heads reappeared an arrow pierced the shoulder of Jacob, and a stgne struck the forehead of Esanu. Volta was unhurt. The two mutes uttered no cry of pain, nor were they much hurt. Buddenly all three heads disappeared, and in thirty secoonds the slinger said to his comrades: " They have snnk to the bottom. They are dead." "' Oh, blazes I" roared one of the oaretnen the next instent; for a short, thick, broad and strong blade had darted through the thin boards which formed the bottom of the boat, and through a foot of the oarsmen. (To te con?tnlued.) TIMOTHY WARE, ESQ. Mi. Tucorwr Was stood at his garden gate and looked down the read. You might have notisced him, perhaps, as you passed along-i wrinkled, keen-eyed, elderly man. Now eldplines, L:take it, is farthesr off n the sweet ripeqes and flavour o'f old age than syouth itself. To be elderly presup poses poma )hinnesa of blood, eomePort o1 ihexprasbl. peverty of naturre, ansue/as ihereejem.s 4os iasb ta rPse?oinwher T31'.Wm',ihesltak &nA; \- ranage of 1 low-lying, uneasy hillocks that oenld never settle themselves to anything; a sandy, incapable stretch of threadbare grass and stnted woodland. It was not an easy thing to imagine just that over the south ridge lay a smiling and fruitful country, a thrifty settlement of Quaker farmerd who6 helid themselves, per haps., a little too much aloof from this inhos pitable neighbeuohood.s It was a chill October afternoon, and the low slant rays of the setting sun looked frtively out from a blue-black ridge of elond over the garden and the garden's owner. There had been a host overnight, which had wiped out almost every lidgering vestige of summer-time. A few elderly beans slang shrinkingly to their poles in the bleak bhok ground; a scanty patch of cobrn rustled its sere leaves forlornly in the wind, with here and there a pumpkin ripening sparsely be tween, and turning out its yellnwsotondity to the sun, as resolved to put the best face on things that weeas possible; while, tall and stark, a row of sunflowers, flapping gauntly above the edge, overlooked the desolation. As old Ware stood there at his gate and looked about him, with his faded red cap on his head and his latk dressing-gown clinging about him, he seemed verily a part of the frost-bitten scene, illustrating it feebly, like an ill-cut frontispiece in a badly printed. volume. Yet there was a tradition that he had once upon a time been the chief figure in a great concern somewhere in town, ansd that in some forghtten period long ego the old weather-beaten house had slaunted gaily in .a new coat of paint and bright green shutters, and was bright with new carpete and courtains to welcome a coming bride. But all that was so far away now that people had forgotten the date, and could not recall that they hod ever been interested in any thing concerning old Ware. Tin Ware, Esq., the boys cealled him-a nickname based, perhaps, on a floating legend of miser-made wealth stowed some where away in the loose clap-boarding of his tenement, or perhaps intended briefly to bear testimony to the value set upon him in the community- Tin Ware, Esq., was not a popular man among the lads of the village. They had a persistent inclination to hoot him,; to gibe at him, and to torment his lean, ill-tempered dog, which followed his master everywhere with a snarling and objectionable fsithfhlnesse. The boys, considering ai tbhese things, felt themselves called upopen tovindi eats thle claims of justice by robbing old Were's orchard and breaking into his melon patch. Things in this way were brought to a sort of balance. I myself saw one day, as I passed his fence, a huge charooeal placard, reading thus: B. Ware of the DAWG. And many a bare- legged youngster, I have no doubt, hid snickering in the hedge at the sight of old Wars slowly deoiphering the scrawl in wrathfol speotaoles. But very few besides the boys ever troubled the old man with attentions, either for .good or ilL Re seemed to have elipped from the mind of both men. and fate--an elderly, ahbrivelled old figure whom Timehad Aprgo) ten to dignify with grey hair. He looked up and down the road keenly with his frosty blue eye, not as a man who expected anything or anybody, but simply beoanse it was his habit to look sharply. And yet as this north-easterly glaneeswept the road, there eamesong it somethieg far from unpleasant to look upon-a grey figare in au Quaker bonnet. There would have been a smile of welcome in almost anybody's bye as the plump quiet Quaeker lasce of Bebes?o Ihodes approached, but not a-separk kindled in old Ware's flinty grey orbs. Rebecca's well-kept acres lay just beyond llm, over thp south ridge, and all about her farm-house was trim and tidy, elean and wholecome, as Bebeoea herself. It must have been the love of contrast that bro gn? her in range of Timothy's dilapidated eurroundings; but of all living things in the village Bebecca alone had a good word for him, and stopped of an odd afternoon now and then to wish him goodday over the gate. "I have brought thee a loaf of sweet bread, naghboar," said she. "I'd. an uncommon good baking this week, and I thought. thee might not take it amiss to try a loaf." She held forth in her white plump hand a now.; white napkin, opening itsfoldstemptingly as she did so. "I'm wanting naught,". was the gruf reply. "Week-old bread's good enough for me, and I make no doubt it might be .far better for some other folk than the dainty trash they're set upon-women- folk least weays." The blood eame into BHbeca's calm faoe, but there was no vexation in her answer. T"hee'd never set aside an old friend like that, neighbour," she said. "HNay, nay; I recommend thee try the lest It's spoken well of, is my sweet bread, the country round. Thee willlot shorten thy days muoh by just one trial, and if thee likes it not, I'll never tronble thee again." Even the imperturbable flae of old Ware shows a slight smile at this mingling of acerbity and sweetness, but he makes no demonstration. "P'm on my way to see old Betsey," says Rebeaccs, quietly extending her hand and placing the loaf on the gate post. " She's one of the town poor-or rather one of the Lord's poor, I think, for she doesn't belong to this township. Poor old Betesyl" One might have imagined that old Ware gave a sort of start just tow, as if an invisi ble eleotric shook had struck him. He was not used to hearing sympathetlo talk of any kind. It tried his nerves, probably. " One of the wretbched vagrants tbhat are pauperising the community, wandering hither and yon," growled Timotbhy. "Ay,. ay, neighbouar," says Bebeace, eoftly and wistfully; "a hard time they have of it, poor things I And this many a year has she been a wanderer and a vaga bond on the face of the earth, has poor old Betsey." She takes the white-sovered loeaf absently with her large shapely hand, looks up and down the road with thoughtfal grey eye, sighs softly, and goes her way, leaving loaf and napkin capping the gate-puaost. And there you might have seen it at night-fall, and long after night-fall, if you had chanoed that way; for hadn't Timothy told the woman he didn't want it? And was he the man to demean himself by removing it after that ? And yeaour speealatingon the eingular a bornness of the human heart would not have been lessened had yoresaght sight of him, by the fliokering candle in his upper window, sitting there motionless, with an eye on the gate below. Perhaps he expected Rebecca back after her gift. I do not know. "She's one of the town poor, is old Betsey," said Bebecra, meekly, end said it meekly year after year, striving to allure the vagrant old woman into feeling at home on the charity list of the good towns-folk, and to rest her aching old bones in the town poor-house. But old Betsey was not to be trapped. If one must be poor and ragged, at least let one have pleaty of fresh-air leisure, says old Betsey. To be a pauper and.-d.drndage both is a little too mesh. And to be preacbed to and prayed over and hedged in right and left, soand to eeorb work-bonse floors adcd soour work-house knives, all for asiblt of bread-bah I that in all ,onbearbles. saya o1d etey, shrugging herlanyshouldes ruder. her ragged shawl, and eatting un warily ondhereverlatlapt .amp She Isn porigbl brant' sed hiedeeal' Perh apbsoWeek - tbinkm.t hjbdGa2s thought like this when she ude ht prey ' has escaped her sn4 is fairly.ona the Iad again. On the road again, untamable, ragged, hungry and free. She walks at.. apic~ d,. uneven pace, her thin shawl flutterLg inthe wind, her untidy sulippers. apping.at .he heels. It grows dusk as she steals along;. the road is dreary with elond and shad .i Iand with a mooking moon thatgleams ou, now and then, dodging vioously after this. grey old ghost of a woman flitting below. There is a white objest there ahead of harr.. something talland queer, with.pron white,. head. The vagrant swerves a minute out of.: her way, surveying it furtively. Thens?se pats forth her claw-like hand and lhiteohes., greedily baebeccs'se sweet, dainty loat . Aba I what a good providence is here I Ahl can it be that fate should soome, for once in a way, with.sweetness and lauxury in her hand for an old panper, and night and darkness to devour it in I Bewildered with pleasure, old Betsey hugs the dainty uddesr her faded shawL There is a crash then, as if the heavens were falling; a shont that cardles hers thievish blood; a rough hand is laid spd, her with vyce-like grasp. Law and justioe seem to have come down bodily bpon the marauder; but it is only old Ware, who has been watching from his window. His hand is raised to strike the thief-the thief with: vagrant and vagabond written all over her;. in her vulpine eyes, her long blue noes, her. skinny, claw-like hand. The woman rhnt back, cowering against the gate poet, with a, wheezy cough; the old shawlfalls pwayfrom her face. Out comes the moon, and sile along with a sinister ray pointing right down on the shivering, oroaching figare and on the coontenance that for one instant uphitir toward the assailant. "My God I" cries Timothy. And thit i" all. His hand fals ySd side, he tains ant' walks back to the hose, leaving the wrath. to bher plander. The wretch is a mere animal, after all-i hunted animal, it is true, with all thers4 and cunning of aach. Shel i~naker wa somewhere with her .prize--it doesn'u, nsh matter where. But there. comes ap to stmidnight, a blinding, blood-shillngt that might make the veriest tramp thasnkIls' for shelter. Old Ware, sitting mtioclets'in his upper chamber, hears the raers ,eaek overhead. He litens: perhaps ic os f?el, the old house will come down over hotshe i The wind raves and shrisha about' ii er' and doorw'ay. He gels up byyaha-bge, stiaf lilting the dripping ssh, looke out ihal 15 road. He sees notig; no boys will rob. i' melon patch to-night, and no beggar sot whining todhis gate. trar off, where the ierod' circles toward the south land, old BBDSey his crawled into the shelter of a wayside hbiri 'N, there is nothing to be seen anywher: abosut. Timothy shnts the window with :L shudder, and erawls to bed. 1 week after this, Bebesoi, sweet 'ad' tintless as a enow-drop, stops stthe gateou~ more. •- ?* "? mOld Betesy, my poor old vasseitileft aln last night, qeighbour," she says. ";Th5' blankets and pillows thee sent wre re j great harity, hut she needeth' oure hin?ilo more.* " No more ?' repeated old Ware; vaetatl . "Bhe died let'?aight'" answerB 4.ees . and her lip trembles alittle.'? .'i' 0 ' There is no reply. Sebeooa P leoto t': break the llonglong pause. She:bI-auu?et the old pan's moods. F inallyshe seti'bhetr face to the road again; it i?ettlngtsf.-'': "Beboese," says the old mat, abrh~ly,' placing his bony hand upon bers-" ?s ,'bss ' ybn-you needn't put herinPotter'si held . She mightn't rbstat easy, you'iobow?'. . ' -' " I have no tmoh auperdtitione,criea??,d said Bebeees, smiling sweetly. .'" It sa make very little difference to iBr tawuheid she ret por nameless wanderer " . " "ShS ??a i?menoe.." says Tlmotbh" standing erect. with a strige ~aush on dle face. "A bright and beautifsl woman u erage wee my wife, lizabelh Ware." A long and-weary winter has passedl;a summer has brightened -and faded; bkh autumn twilight is settling softlyonlopm and barredines, as old .Ware etandsi'ttZd gate once more, looking down the toad. ?n his hand is somethiing wrapped in white, whish he setsaupon the gate pet as a.gigy clad, graceful figure 'somes walking up-the road. ' ? - " ebeeoa," 'he 'seys, "'I :return 'your napkin." '-. " Say," says Babeos, resugusacg arso a n initials-"nasy, friend,- I have an ibr d.: dance--" "Open it," Interrupts the old-l an abruptly. The gentle Quakeress ln reito humqpring eis moods, and as she unaid~ha linen, a diamond ring-'ols .gliltscuto upon its edge. There is a box o.of hinlngs trinkets within, end a small gold watoh. ? ." They were all hers onuee;,. in the rel times," says old Ware, ?mskily, " before nsh left me. You may keep 'em for her sake; an' ye will." He pauses; there is no..?ar swering movement from Bebeo.a, "Or,'! he adds, with irritation and sadden energ.y, "I'll just heave 'em overboard when I quit here for good and all. Yes, I'll quit here dou good and all. I never had uo home nor no friends-she spoiled all that-and I may as well finish it out that away." . - Rebeeca eclears her throat.' "XIthas Iohg been borne in apon me, Friend? T?iotbo she says, in ahigh, eonstrainedvoice, a? one who delivers as dificult messge-"It ?hea long been borne'in upon my uind tlatthee ies living too much ~slone. There i none to look alter thee, or fix thee up a bit omlnfort " Able for the winter; and I have ha? oleest leading from the Lord which Ihavesafler?d hitherto to be hidden in my heart-it io that I should offer thee a home with me, Neighbour Timothy, if so e it seems good in thy sight." A ho mel" said Timothy, laookin up queryingly at his weather-beaten old gas eion. "As how, RbeclbcP" :' As how, Hebeeal Therewasars up of small boys hidden just below the hedge, in' the opening where the grot apple-fe dropped itsefruitage on either side the rails Tom and Jim and Dick were there, iaie legged, and aely as weasels. Of d~ourse' th apples belonged tO them on tit iide the foence; but tlen-nigl'rt wia :the safesttime for getting them.' Therewasno withi~std ing the logic of old Ware's dog b an argument of justice and fair play.'lbs. twilight had quite faded now, apalbenot shone in the heavens, and there't 'the gate stood Rebeooca,. with her haiin ?i 'iimothy's. """ Whiot, fellowsl whistl ye i~eedn't to run," cries Tom. ' She's gum' to have him for her ole man. Bully forthel BShe'l never set the dawg onto a"tella?' " And with fall pockets and bheating heats the youngsters file off peat old Ware's rg&e; te. Tom gives & oud whintle erhn th eat is arhievedr?ad stands a moinen " looking back with an qys of spprowat' knew-t .all along hacrk says' oraeularly-" ourse I did; didn't I .s ole Tin Ware loeeking down thit"ere ra4 time an' agin arter her' Why, she ooulf sweeten ranbapple, she could I" "" ?, And I thin that sih did, for thetbi5 ut the village had a ~rndi di oner sue ' whioh Mr. Ware sad his Qusker bfl4. walked 4wn amongt e.ilisig $klo¶ and left g Tomu and so.' ask ski n abasi 