TALES AND SKETCHES. OLIVE VANSTONE. [BY "EDITH."] (Continued.) CHAPTER VIII. " Olive my dear, here is a letter for you," said Lady Vanstone, handing a letter to her daughter. Olive broke the seal and read the contents, then gave it to her mother, saying as she did so "It is from Alice Peyton. Arthur gave her our address, and she begs of us to spend the New Year with her." Olive saw the eager look come into her mother's eyes, and she knew what happiness it would be for her to visit her home once more. " What answer will you send, Olive? " " Mamma, it would give you much pleasure to return to our home ?" " Much pleasure, Olive ! I hunger to see my home once more. But please yourself ; and if you feel that it would pain you to go there, then we will stay here. " "Mamma we will do as Alice asks. We could easily start for home to-morrow, where we can remain for a day or two, then we can go to Peyton Manor, spend a week or two there, and return to Melville. Shall we do that dear mother?" " Will it pain you, Olive ? " " No, mamma ; and if it did, why should I think longer of myself ? Have you not devoted yourself to me ? did you not leave your happy home for me ? No, no, I shall be sel- fish no more. I shall find pleasure, too, in seeing dear Alice and she says there are some of my old school friends, whom I shall be pleased to meet. Shall we go to-morrow, mamma? " "Very well, and I will telegraph to Melville at once. But Olive you have forgotten-" " No, I have not forgotten. Madeleine will remain here with nurse. I can trust her, and I shall have news every day." * * * * * * * * "Grace, I am very anxious to see Olive Vanstone." " Are you ; why, Maud ?" " Because you all speak of her wonderful beauty. Tell me what she is like, Grace." " I could not, Maud. I could never do her justice ; you must wait until you see her, and judge for yourself. I wonder if she is very much changed, I hope not ; I would like you to see her as I have seen her." "Hark ! there is the carriage. Come to the window." It was too dark for them to see the beautiful white face lying back so wearily ; they saw nothing but the carriage lights flashing through the trees. Grace passed her arm through her friend's and together they went down stairs, in time to see Mrs. Peyton warmly welcoming Lady Van- stone and Olive. "Oh, Alice, please let me get out of all these wraps before I go any further. Mamma has very nearly succeeded in smothering me," Olive said, smiling a little as she threw aside her heavy furs. Grace went up to Olive and held out her hand, " And have you quite forgotten me, Olive ? " "Grace! forgotten you? no indeed"—and Olive kissed her warmly. " And where is Laura ? " "l am here, Olive." "Why, Laura, how tall you have grown! I am quite lost beside you." "Arthur told us that Olive was looking quite ill, Lady Vanstone ; I think he has made a mistake," Mrs Peyton said ; Lady Vanstone made no reply, for she was intently watching her daughter's face, and she was delighted to see her look so happy. " Mrs Peyton, do you know I feel as if I were at school again with all these dear girls." A bright colour had come into Olive's cheeks, making her lovelier than ever. " Well my dear, you must be very happy with us. Now, Alice, Olive had better rest before dinner. Come with me, Lady Vanstone, you must be very tired after your cold journey. Alice led Olive up to the pretty bedroom where a bright, cheerful fire was burning. She insisted upon her taking a cup of strong coffee, and then she sat down beside her with her arms passed lovingly round Olive's waist. " This is the old room, Alice." "Yes, it is still my bedroom, Olive, and you must share it with me. Do you remember the last holidays we spent together?" " Indeed I do. And the hot coffee left its mark on my arm, see." Olive drew up her sleeve and showed her friend a small white scar upon her wrist. "So it has. lt was through Arthur you were burnt, Olive. He was silly enough to put his finger in it, and as he danced round the place with the pain, you went to him and it dropped off his hand on to your arm. Well, mamma made us give up coffee-making after that, Olive. I am so glad to have you with me again, dear, and we will soon bring the roses back to your cheeks." "I am just as pleased to be with you, dear Alice, and I shall spend a happier New Year than I did the last one." " Now you must, lie down Olive and take some rest, and I will leave you ; for if I stay I know I shall chatter so much that you will get no sleep." * * * * * * * "Olive, will you help us decorate the church this after- noon ? " Alice asked, the following morning. "We are going, and are sure to meet ever so many people we know." "I thought you always did that for Christmas Day, Alice?" "So we do; but the flowers and ferns are always so withered and dead by New Year's Day, that we like to have fresh ones." " I will do whatever I can to help you Alice." " You gentlemen must help us also ; we will need your longer arms to reach what we cannot." In the afternoon they all walked to the church. The cold, keen, wintry air, had brought some colour back into Olive's cheeks, and as she walked beside Reginald Clere, he gazed down into her face with admiration. Alice turned round at the door and said, "Olive, you do the pulpit, and Reginald will help you. " Happy indeed was Reginald Clere standing beside the girl he loved more than all the world. And she was so kind, so gracious, that he took courage, and under the cover of the wreath they both held, he pressed her hand tenderly whispering, " Olive, do you remember what I asked you this day three years ago ? Do you remember, darling, how we stood side by side in this church that bright, happy, New Year's Eve ? Olive, let me speak now, let me hold your hand while I tell you how my love for you has remained unchanged in all these years Olive, I asked you then to be my wife, and you told me that you had given your love away. You are not married, and three years have gone since then; Olive, was that but a childish love ? " " You are torturing me ! Stay! I will tell you. Three years ago I loved, and he, to whom I had given my heart told me that he loved me ; he deceived me cruelly, he cared not for me, and I—oh God—how I loved him ! " " You have forgotten him now ? " " I have not forgotten him ; but I have no love for him. " " Olive, you say he did not love you, that you do not love him ; will you try to forget him ? will you let me help you to forget him, and give me a little of your heart. Be mine, Olive, and your every wish shall be my law, I will devote my life to making you happy." The flowers had fallen from their hands, and the fading sunbeams fell through the stained window on to Olive's fair face now flushed with emotion. Raising her dark eyes to his face, she said, while her voice trembled, "Reginald, there is a secret in my life. If you knew it you would not ask me to be your wife." "Nothing could change my love for you, Olive. If I were a poet, darling, I might put my love into song—a song so beautiful, so full of divine harmony, that the world in reading it would know how I had loved you ; if I were an artist, I could paint you and show the world that form which to me is peerless. But not being either I cannot do so. I can only tell you in plain words that I love you better than fame, fortune, or life ; and I plead to you, Olive for some little love in return. Tell me this secret, let me share it, let me help you to bear it, if you will ; or keep it from me, I trust you. Nothing can take from or add to my love for you, Olive." " Ah Reginald, you would not say so if you knew," she answered sadly. " And if I sent you from me, what would you do?" "Not kill myself," he replied slowly. "Death is a coward's resource. But from my life every gleam of brightness would die out. I should go far away dear, from home and friends, to some far-off land where nothing could remind me of you. I should lose everything that makes life dear in losing you. Will you not give me one word of hope, Olive ? even if I cannot share your secret, I trust you and love you. " "Reginald, if there were a disgrace in my secret? " " No disgrace or shame can come near you. Your life is free from stain ; it is pure as yourself." "Give me one week, no, until to-morrow night, and I I will give you my answer then. Your kindness is so great that you have filled my eyes with tears. And Reginald, I thank you for your love and trust in me." She laid her small, gloved hands in his, while he bent over her, pressing his lips to them and thanking her for her promise. There in the ivy-covered porch stood Charlie Courtleigh, his golden hair glistening in the fading sun, his eyes fixed on those two leaning on the pulpit. He sees Reginald Clere fasten a bunch of pure snow-drops in Olive's dark hair, as she bends over some flowers ; he sees the crimson blush that overspreads her face. He who has sought her for two long years, without success, until now—he sees her; his face pales to a deadly whiteness, and with angry eyes and a bitter curse he turns away, and reels out into the snow covered church-yard like a drunken man. Presently they all leave the church ; some laughing and chatting merrily, Olive silent and sad. No one, but Olive saw the white, haggard face of a man with golden hair gazing at them from a little distance. She recognised Charlie Courtleigh, and she had to lean upon her companion's arm for support. " Olive, you are ill; what is it ? " " Nothing ; I am used to these attacks. Do not say any- thing, or you will alarm the others." Just then Arthur Peyton came up to them. "Reginald, Hesketh wants you for a moment. I will take care of Olive until you return." Then, as Reginald left them, he asked, "What is the matter, Olive ; are you ill?" " Oh, no ; my head is aching a little, that is all." " I was over at Castledune Manor this morning, and saw an old friend of yours, Olive. " " Who was it, Arthur?" "Charlie Courtleigh; he is staying with Morson. By jove, he does look bad." With an effort Olive steadied her voice and asked, " Who ? Mr. Morson or Mr. Courtleigh ? " " Charlie, I mean." " Has he been ill, then ? " " He said not ; but since I saw him he looks twenty years older. I made him promise to come over to our ball to- morrow night ; so you can renew your acquaintance with him. Now, Olive, here we are at home, and you are just like a little ghost, so pale. You must go to your room, and I will send Lady Vanstone to you." " I will go, and lie down; but do not send mamma up, Arthur, for I am only tired ; and if she sees me so pale it will alarm her." Olive locked her door and threw herself wearily down upon her couch, her thoughts busy with the past, the present-but she dared not looked forward to the future. " I must not tell mamma he is at Castledune ; she would go away, and she has been a little happy here. It will be best for me to meet him, and yet I dread it. I tremble at the thought of meeting him face to face. How can I ? O God, give me strength ? If I could go away ; if I could but go to my little one. I cannot ; there is poor mamma. I have sinned, and this is my punishment ; but oh ! it is hard to bear-so hard, so hard!" 