Intercolonial News. Cruelty Punished. — A charge of cruelty to animals (says the Argus) was heard at the Griffiths Point Police Court on Saturday last, in which Mr. W. Harbi son, a local justice of the peace and owner of property on Philip Island, was complained against for omitting to sup ply certain cattle with water. The prosecution was instituted under section 23 of the Police Offences Statute. It appeared that on the 15 th March last year Mr. Harbison with some men in his employ, collected a mob of cattle and horses that were grazing on some un fenced paddocks belonging to him, and put them into a closed paddock. All these cattle about 76 in number, were placed by Mr. Harbison in a paddock in which there was no water, and the gate of which was locked by Mr. Harbison's direction. In this place the animals re mained from Thursday till the following Monday without any water. For the defence, it was contended that the act did not apply to any persons but those who were owners of cattle, or those who were in some way in charge of them ; that a landowner had a right to impouud on his own land trespassing cattle, and was under no legal obligation to supply them with food and water. Two owners of cattle that were impounded had seen their cattle in Mr. Harbison's closed pad dock, but had made no remonstrance till they released the animals on Monday. The Bench fined the defendant £5 5s.. and remarked that some of the cattle owners were to be blamed for not taking steps to liberate the cattle before they did. south eastern portion of the Wimmera district, or on the Loddon and Avoca j rivers, and iu the neighbourhood of the mauee scruw, nave now to encounter a rabbit scouage, which unless grappled with speedily effectually, is likely to drive them back. The evil has assumed such dimensions that the Minister of Lands, having come to the conclusion tbat individual efforts cannot remedy it, intends next session to bring in a bill to give local bodies powers that they do not now possess, and which may be applied to reduce the number of these destructive animals, whose fertility is pro verbial. , Various unsuccessful devices have been resorted to by residents in the I locality for the purpose of diminishing the pesfc, and saving their crops and produce. Tons of poisoned wheat have been scattered broadcast, but, although the stench of the rabbits so killed has sometimes been overpowering, there has been no perceptible diminution of their numbers. Moreover, the medicated grain lias been taken by sheep and other animals for which it was not intended. One farmer chained dogs all ronnd his haystacks, but the rabbits found thoroughfares through. Another pur poses ei ecting a picket fence, sunk deep enough to pervent the rabbits from burrowing under it. One or two of his neighbours, however, who are disciples of Darwin, think that if' bunny' proved unequal to the occasion, he would speedily produce descendants with powers of overcoming such obstacles between them and crops or produce of which we have now no conccption. — Melbourne Argus. The Recent Hailstorm near Mod gee. — The Western Post gives the follow ing further particulars respecting the re cent extraordinary hailstorm near Mud gee : — ' Mr. N. P. Bayly informs us that 011 the part of the ground the hailstorm had been so violent the Monday previous, and the naked appearance of the trees on the flat and mountains, from having been divested of all their leaves, was most extraordinary. It'was evident lliat nearly every bird had been battered to death, as only two were seen alive, and the shep herd declares that all he had seen alive since the storm were two magpies with their eves knocked out, and he ended their misery by destroying them. On the day of the storm the shepherd was wear ing a strong waterproof coat, and it was torn to threads 011 his back : in fact, it was miraculous that he escaped with his life, as the trees bare visible marks were the bark had been indented by hail as large as good-sized apples. Not one kangaroo has been seen about the place since the storm, so either they were killed or got such a thumping with the hail stones they thought it prudent to make a clean bolt of it, and it is to be hoped they will not return again. Just over the range, a calf, two months old, had his head cut open with a piece of ice, and was killed. Every fowl in the neighborhood that did not happen to be under shelter was killed, and every roof in the neigh bourhood was completely and effectually riddled : so it becomes a serious ques tion whether in snch a climate it will be safe to have iron or slated roofs, for most assuredly neither galvanized iron or slate would rcsistsuch a shower of hail, or rather ice. One tin dish at the surveyor's camp had a hole knocked in it by a piece of ice, through which a man could put 'his clenched fist without inconvenience. After a few inquiries, Mr. Dowling and the writer sat down and thoroughly en joyed a good feed of ice, where it was lying by cartloads, although eight days bad elapsed since the storm ; and, con sidering the thermometer was about 118 deg., the repast was a very luscious oue, and there is no doubt that in a week or ten days hence any person so disposed could enjoy a similar treat.' Two accidents occurred at the Bat hurst railway station 011 the Gth instant. An employee, while assisting in shunt ''fii 'jo '* ''' '? when he was struck by another and knocked down. He fell clear of the line, and was not seriously injured. The second case was that of a boy, named Barnett, who got on to the line. His head was caught between two butlers, and he was killed instantly. It is believed that the boy was assisting to truck some cattle aud did not observe the approach of several trucks from an opposite direction. An inquest will be beld to-morror. — Herald Correspondent, Melbourne Punch on the Victorian Situation. — Is it possible (remarks the Argus) that the following opinions placed by Punch in the mouths of Mr. Herbert and Lord Carnarvon represent the rea:l sentiments of the personages in question 1 ' H;r. — But in a despatch marked ' private and confidential ' he (the Governor) describes the character and antecedents of his responsible advisers, explains their revolutionary aims, and points out with what busy' malignity they are fermenting a war of classes, with a view to set the control of a revenue of five millions sterling into their own hands, and that there is the greatest danger of a state of things being brought about in Victoria compared with which- the spoliation by the Tamminy Ring in New York would be honest and reputable. Car. — I cannot help that. As the people of Victoria have made their bed so they must lie in it. And, between ourselves, Herbert, the Cabinet agree with me that it would not be a bad thing for England to be afforded an opportunity of seeing how completely a country, overflowing with all the ele ments of prosperity, may be ruined and disgraced by entrusting the. conduct of its political affairs to unscrupulous demagogues, lifted into office by un limited suffrage. Gladstone, you know, is going iu for a general levelling down wards, so as to throw the balance of power in this country into the hands of the ignorant and the unthinking, just as has been d ne in Victoria ; and it will be well for us to have a shocking ex ample, such as the state of that colony will afford, to point to as a warning of the calamitous consequences of entrust ing * the residuum ' with her franchise. Her. — But in the meantime it will be rather hard upon the educated and pro pertied classes in Victoria to be sacrificed for our instruction. Car. — There are the neighbouring colonies, you know, which will eagerly welcome any accession of enterprise, intelligence, and capital from Victoria, and which will speedily rise in wealth and numbers, in her polit:cal, social, and industrial ruin. But it is time I went to the Council. Get the despatch ready for the outgoing mail, and we will run it over together and forward it without delay. ( Exit.)' A Ghost Story. — The Moama cor respondent of Riverine Herald sends the following particulars of a ghostly sensa tion near the border town : — ' About ten miles from Moama, on the east side of the line, stands a dummy house. This house has been occupied by a party of dam-sinkers and bark-ringers. These men aver that about a fortnight ago they were disturbed by knockings on the iron roof, and that upon.getting up they saw the figure of a woman, when one among their number put the question, ' What do you want, Missus ?' to which the figure replied that she had been murdered near that spot, and that the bones of herself and infant would be found towards the end of the hut, where they were placed fourteen years ago by Morgan, the bushranger. One of the party, who possessed a whip, make a strike at the figure, which did not move. The following day the news spread, and the next night a large party assembled when the apparition again made its ap pearance, and the whole of these persons swear most distinctly that they saw the figure of a woman, and nothing can in duce them to think otherwise. Last night a detachment of the Moama police, under the command of sergeant Vaughan, went out to see if there was anything to be seen, and there is no doubt it any person had been ' playing larks ' he would have received a little cold lead. Upon the return of one of the police this morning I ascertained that while in the house last night a terrific noise was made on the roof like the sound of a heavy hammer, whereupon the party rushed out of the house but could see nothing. The noise was repeated several times, and many of the party, amongst whom were men supposed to be possed of cour age, seemed very glad on the approach of the grey dawn. The mystery, however, remains the same, aud another party is to be organised, who, together with tbe police, intend to go out again to try and clear up the mystery. The men who were living in the hut have left it to the ghost, and gone and camped near a dam. It seems remarkable that thirty men should become alarmed, and positively aver that there is something in it.'' Singular Suicioe. — A suicide, with some singular snrroundmgs (reports the Arcus), wae committed at sea duriug the voyage of the barquo Halton Castle from Burrard Inlet to Melbourne. The following are the circumstances : — At 10 o'clock on tbe night of tbe 19ih ultimo, when the vessel was in latitude 29 degrees 23 minutes S. and longitude 117 degrees 4 minute6 E.t an apprentice ; on board, named Lewis Davies, went ] forward as far as the martingale with out orders, and before anyone could guess his intention &hot; himself through the head with a pistol. As the body floated past the barque a life- buoy was pitched towards it, orders at the same time being given for everything to be put aback. This was done as speedily as possible, and a boat lowered, but after a search of nearly two hours the boat returned without being able to pick up either the lad or the life-bnoy. It was remarked that when passing the vessel the head of the body was under water. Davies, it is siid, Lad been suffering from mental derangement a year or two ago, and had been in an asylum, but his friends considered him sufficiently recovered to enter on active service agaiu, aud he was apprenticed on board the Haiton Castle, where the master, Captain Arg1!, allowed him to sleen in the cabin. On exatuinins his sleeping berth, after the event just re corded, a small tin case, containing pistoljball cartridges was found, and this led to the discovery as to how he had procured the means to destroy him self. Captain Angel, in a desk in his private cabin, kept a small revolver in a case, and it is conjectured, that on some occassion when lie, was called on deck from bis cabin he left the desk open, and that DaVips possessed liim - se{f of the pistol. Oq opening the case there was do pistol inii.; Tlie unfortun ate lad was about 13 years of ago. He was a native of Devpushire, MALTHUSIANISM. — The joint labours of Mr. Bradlaugli and Mrs. Besant are yielding fruit (writes the London corres pondent of the Adelaide Observer.) A Malthusian League has been informed under the presidency of Dr. Charles Drysdale, Physician to the Royal Free Hospital, a gentleman celebrated for his opposition to the unsavoury legislation known as the Contagious Diseases Acts. A sentence of fine and imprisonment for publishing ' The Fruits of Philoso phy' still hangs over the heads of Mr. Bradlaugh and his fair ally ; but they have the courage of their convictions, and therefore do not hesitate to continue to propagate their peculiar theories with re ference to the limitation of the population. Curiosity led me on Friday evening last to attend a meeting of the new sect, held in the hall which is sacred 011 the Sab bathday to the ministration of the Rev. Charles Voysey, whose heresies, I may remark, are almost as pronounced as Mi-. Bradlaugh's, although more philosophi cally expressed. Mrs. Besant — a grace ful, well-dressed, and still youthful lady — presided, and in *a ' loud and clear, but not unfeminine, voice, briefly opened the proceedings. The applause with which she was received showed that her audience — in which the fair sex were tolerably numerous — was largely composed of Secularists and ' Bradlaughites.' In fact, there was only one element of an an tagonistic nature present, and that con sisted of a large number of students from the Middlesex Hospital, who had come to ' chaff' the lecturer and generally to enliven the proceedings. For more than an hour Dr. Drysdale discursed on the advantages of Malthusianism as a means of checking population and of preventing the evils which over population producer. The learned doctor boldly advocated the introduction of the French system into England ; and I was more amazed at his boldness because he contended that Mal thusianism would greatly diminish pros titution, whereas it is perfectly notorious that this vice is as least as common in France as it is in these islands, and, I re gret to say, much more respectable. I was curious to know what Dr. Drysdale would say in reply to those autiMal thusians who urge that such places as the British colonies, with their boundless re sources, are intended by nature to neutra lize the evils of over-population in our own and other countries. The Doctor's remarks on this head were certainly as original as they were entertaining. He declared that people generally preferred to live in their own country, and that they only emigrated because they were niisea ble. He was in favour of making every one comfortable at home, and limiting families, as in France, to one or two children. The medical students cheerei ironically, and began to chatter to one another, which provoked a cay of 'Turn them out,' whereupon Mr?. Besant, fixing her ever upon the more noisy of interrupters, sternly said, 4i No, don't turn them out - but if they want to talk I must ask them to turn themselves out into the street and talk there.' The meeting loud y cheered the chairwoman, Malthusianism manifestly beiug in an overwhelming majority. People may well ask — ^What next, and next ? 