THE MERCURY. ! MQNPAY MO UNI NO, DEOEUIUM !!, 1SYS, This question heny far capital punishment, or, as Voltaire called it, murder by hyv js dofonsiblo, is ono which is gaining ground as ono of tho poci.il questions of this humanitarian ago. It ¡srocoiying an increasing amount of attention your by your in England, whovo public opinion has, in little; moro than a century, forcod tho abolition of capital punishment for ono hundred and ninoty out of ¿lie two hundred offences for wliich, in 1770, tho death pcui'jty was inflicted. Not content witli this, efforts uro fro;n ¿imo to timo buin£ made towards tho total orn&urc; from tho _S^aiute ^Ik'ok of this droad avongor of justice, to impartially review t])o manifestations of tho public mind in tin's direction, mid oxainino how far a utjoijul pourso is takon; and whether those attempts to altor i))o )i|w ave justified by wisdom and reason. The last cl'umpjon of tíioso abolition J ollbrts was Mr. Pjíasij, ^yho, on tho 12th January, in his placo in tjip British i Houso of Commons movod as follpvys ; .'' TJjaj, it is expedient to abolish tho penalty of death, a.nd substituto for that penalty, in the caso of niùrdor, p?nql servitudo for lifo, in tiio caso of high treason in t.ho discretion of tho Court, ponai servitude for lift, pp for any term not loss tlian »oven years. In the dobato .«h/eh followed, lliis motion was supported by two niain arguments, fust, thal tljo piúiisli.-, mont of dwith failed to net as a deterrent to tho crime of murder, .that is, its torrar as a pioven tivo ponalty wiw greatly exaggerated j and, secondly, that to sacrifico Uunianjlife, to strangle mon in cold blood to promote a respect for human lifu, was ¡v rovongeful, barbarous law, which liad the opposite ellbct of causing human life to bo lightly regardod. Upon tho first contention that it was not nocossaiy to retain capital punisJinwHt as an agont in ierrorem, ¿onjo rather important .testimony was brought for- ward, It was alleged thai i»U thoso offences formerly punishod by capital punishment had decronsed since tho law was ini.tigatQd, and that hi thoso States in ?which ti|i¡j cxtiemu expiation had been ropoalod for murdor, murder had likowiso diminished, thus fulKUing tho grpat objoct of punishment, which was not to avengo, but to provont crimo. Investigation of iliu subject in england gavo tho same result, Tho commission appointed to onquiro into tho operation of tho law* of capital punishment olovon years ago unanimously decided from tho ovidonco takon boforo thom, that tho gibbet was no deterrent to crimo, and that whoro it had boon abolished lifo wa3 moro secure. Tho do torront ofl'ect of n punishment doponded not upon its severity, but upon tho cortainty of Its infliction. With capital punishment tho chances o£escape woro many. 'Juries, fearful of consign- ' ing an innocont man to>tho gallows, often failed ! to convict on tho clearest ovidonco,' and. humimu 11 Home Secretaries hesitated to put this fearful instrument into execution. Tho punishment only appeared in its terrible aspect when tho drop actually awaited tho condemned criminal. Wien tho crime was committed months beforo, tho punishment was so far ofi'thathocouldnot seo it and thought ho had a score of moans of escape. Hcnco the punishment waa not deterrent to the degree ascribed to it. It was further argued in the second place that tho law should respect the sanctity of human life. Mr. Bright went so far as to say-" Nothing could bo moro discredit- able or disgraceful to us than tho state of tho law .with regard to tho crimo of murdor. . . When we find a dozen respectable States in the christian world abolish capital punishment, not only without disadvantage, but with absolute advantage, wljy should we not learn from them. If you can ensure tim security of life equally well, surely it is some advantage, that the State should offer the examplo to tho pooplo of ita strong fool- ing that human life is sacred, and that under almost no concoivablo condition can it bo law- fully or innocently taken away hy force." Tho hoi), gentleman then proceeded to doifcribq tim law of capital punishment " as moro ferocious than, thai of almost any christian State," and said that a century boneo t'ÙS law which ondoavourod to promote the aacrodnessj of human lif o by destroying it by one of the most barbarous methods over cmploypd, would l?q pointed to um ono of the greatest mistakes a legislature could commit. " Why," ho asked, "is thcro any superstitious African tribu who woro ever §o mistaken as to commit anything so out- rageous as to dream that you could spread amongst your people arovoronce for human lifp by bringing out your sheriff, your governor, your p.-U'SQu, and your policemen mid hangman, and thon v, it!; a doze» newspaper reporters looking on, strangle a man, or even a lijothcr, a woman, and say by Hint you aro spicading a royerciicg for human lifo. No, it is time this 'flying sliould come to an end, mid your children will all of thom have cause to regret that your namos havo boon written in tho list of members of this Epouse, c.nt| havo for a single day continued this enormity in this christian professing country. And T hopo tho ' tfino will qomö when wo shall show to all the othor nations f,1|at whatovor England has boon heretofore in tho barbarous nature of hor punishments, now at least it takes another coui'so, and W']l be fore- most in that right road which' loads fi;qm tho blind ct-uoltioa of the past to the wiso and just mercies of tho future." Such was the fervent languago of pno of England's greatest statesmen, and in tho sanio speech ho quoted the words of John Stuart Mill, to'show ¿no qf ßjo anoma- lies of thooxecutionshosoQÏomiontlycondomiied, lis follows :-" You have the hangman, and you liavq tl)o chaplain. The hangman to the con- demned njaifj says f You arg !)ot worthy to live among mankind, 1 blot you out fron} (ho fellow- ship of mon, and tlio' ' catalogue qj! tip living.' But what says tho 'chaplain. Tho chaplain says, ' I pass you on penitent into the presence of God, and to tako your place amongst tho fellowship of the just.' " " Then n^atll, another argument against capital punish- ment yas furnished by the liability of men to errors and misiukos resulting jn tlip irrevocable \ sacrifico of tlio innocont, According to i^ii> Fitzroy Kelly's ovirlonco beforo the commission ' abovo alluded to, twenty-two pomona lind been falsely convicted between the years 1802 and J 840, and of theso, seven suflbrod death. One other point was advanced, viz., the opposition of tho Bench tq the naytkj remission of capital punishment as dangerous to' the sqcipity of lifo and property, mid the refutation of'the opinion of this authority by tho logic of facts, aR gained by the teaching of oxporienoo. In proof of tl)is was cited Lord Euiox's protest on behalf of the judges wljoii tlio partial abolition was being debated, that thoy wci'O unanimously of opinion that thp expediency and' justice of publio security required that thoro sliould bo no idleraliqii jn this part of tho criminal law, but Iho law lind boon iiltovocl and crimo had decreased instead of increased, ,aflar tip's was done. Then why, ¡I was urged, with all this weight, of argument in favor of tho uiii'osoi'vod remission of capital punishment, should this sanguinary law bo retained. Such woro tho arguments usod by somo ot tho ablest men of tho British Legislature, while on the other hand tho SoMcrron-GBXiaujj pointed out the objections to these arguments. Ho said that wherever tho experiment of the abolition of capital punishment had boen tried, it had tho effect of increasing Ujo ofjbnces. In Tuscany it had been three times abolished and ie- imposod. The Minister of Grace and Justice stated that the number of murders was nearly double sinco the abolition of capital punishment. At the saino timo ho (the Sohcitok-Ghnwui) did not placo absolute faith in statistics. Still they showed that the numbor of murders in Portugal in proportion to tho population was far greater than in England. The abolition argument based upon statistics therefore tended quite tho other way to what was suggested. The question, ho wevor, >yas whether it could bo said to tho burglar and garrotter that it mado no difference whether ho committed murder or not, and the lion, gentle- man maintained thai neither these nor any other men, however small their coiijfouts, could face the unknown unmoved, That was tho argument which caine homo toovory heart, and if the criminal had before him that dread, tho question was whethorho would not hesitate before committing murder. The arguments of the Solicitoh-Genis 1UL prevailed with tho majority of tho House, and tho motion was rejected. Its advocates, how- ever, had served their purpose in drawing public attention to tho question, trusting by persistent agitation to ripen public opinion for the chango tbey so earnestly desiro, and wear out opposi- tion to Ijt, jutt iib constant dropping wears away the hardest stone. Timo will toll whether tho effort will bo succoBfjfnl, and >f successful, whethor it will bo for good or ovil. ÏKTnKC0i.0i*iAL Mails.-Wo aro requested to state that, as the s.S. Mangana, with intercolonial mails, arrived at Launceston yesterday, the mails will bo forwarded hore by tho goods train this morning, and a delivery of letters at tho window of tho Qonoral J>os>ofllco will take placo at or about 7'}5 p.m. Kkv;i:w ax» lxsp'-crioir ot? yoiujjri'ijBn'j.-Jt has already boon announced tljat Colonol Sci'átohloy, H.E,, is this evening to inspect tho Hobart Town Artillory Corps, ai)d the Tasmauian Volunteer Bille Itegimont at the Military Barracks at (i'30. His Etcollenoy tho Governor, as C'oininander-in-Ohief, will take tho opportunity to rovlow tho forcos prior to the moro detailed inspection. His Jijxoollençy, who will bo attended by Colonol Scr.atcliloy, will, cn arrival, recoivo a salute, and tho Voluntoors will march past Her Majesty Itoproscntativc, tho occa- sion being thi. first public appearance of tho two branches of tho service. Tins Turks in tub Strkiíi.s.-4 correspondent complains that unless somo other way Is adopted for securing tlfc trees against tho effects of wind, more particularly ¡¡s regards tho trees on tho KspIanadPj tuan lim recent dovico of encircling them with a pleno of wiro willi supports of the same material, tho treas will i» time ho'cut right through. This is palpable, and wc linpo tljo City Council (ii its well-meant efforts to beautify tho city will find some other moans of protecting tho trues, The present system is an exemplification of out of tho ij,;e,iu,tp the frying pan. What tho wind won't do UV IfgUSl. lu IV III «I'lllllUj nu uj ""..".-. .... Kin.o'8 lsLAxn lyioui'-iiousi:.--It will bo seen from ourLiuiiceston telegram that the socond Light nouso at King's Island is about being nt last com- menced. As another instance of having to go from home to loam news about what's doing at home, wo learn ¿ron; our Launceston Corrospondontthat Admi- ral Barnard has buen on a mission to Victoria. Tho Govormuont of Tasmania only recogniso the local press wlion it has ii purpose to sorvo, and for this ami somo »thor reaspns \vo sljall not bo inoonsolablo should n ebotigo soon come. Mbei'ino at Bülli-üiivc-Tho people of Glnrcnco aro naked to ox press their opinion to-day on tho subject of the Ministerial scheme of taxation. Qi oourao any tax is nnploasnnt, and perhaps somo of the spoakors may bo able to proposo a bettor. But the people of Clarence arc not, as a rule, to bo lod away hy ¿t theory; and consideiing how poor a figure all the other meetings, includiue that at Port Cygnet on Friday) hatfJ cut, they will most pro- bably adopt the moro prudent .courüo of resolving that nt present it ia not necessary that they take any action. 'fjj'i'sr Council.--Tho following itoms" aro on the business list for tljis afternoon :-Reports f-om the various committees as fqllows, viz.-Polieo : On potition of 'tho widow of 'Constable Walker for a gratuity. Publio Works : On application of Mrs. 15\. Wright for permission to eioot an awning in Elizaboth-hlieot j on application of Minister of Lands and Works to gnou a atroet at Prince of Wales and Albert Batteries, Markots : On offer of Mr. E. Lazarus to dispçso of thirty íiQIb, weights. Waterworks : On complaint of tho contractor for the stone troughinpr. against .tho Director of Water- works. Orders qf t,hp J}ay ; Proaontatjon of tho draft roll for pubhçatiqn in tho Oq^elle } presenta- tion to John Perkins, Esq'.', late mayor, of a voto 'of thanks, passed by lito Öpimei} on I)ocoinber''10/ 1877\. ' ...... Annual Ltchnhihci Muetinos. -The Annual Liconsiug Mootings throughout tho colony tako placo to-day, The meeting for tho oity and district will be hold at tho Mayor'a Court at 10 a.m. Intiircolonial Filis. - By tho s.s, Tasman, tvln'ch arrived frqmSyilnoy on Saturday morning, wa 'lave beon plaoqd jn possession of intorcolqnia.1 nowa iinperH of tho following datoa:-Now South Walen, tíovombor 25 and 20 ; Queensland, November 20 to 23, inclusive;'and Auoklaml, N,Z" November lo to 10, inclusive. < . ., BlîNLTIT PritroniiANci: FOR vTJIE AK9IIEWS Family.-This evening at tho Theatre Royal tho Derwent Dramatic Club will givo a performance, the proceeds of which will b"o forwardod to Sydney, to swell tho fund which has been started for the benefit of the widow and children of tho late Mr. AVilliam Andrews, tho well- known comedian, who ?n as such a popular actor and favourite in Hobart Towal as well as in almost every other placo in tho colonies whero there is a theatre. Tho lost our local playgoers will i emembor of Mr. Andrews will bo his stay hero in tho early patt of this year, during the three months that Mr. T. S. Scott-Sid dons was lessee of the Theatie, and the final part ho played on our boards was that of "Felix O'Callaghan" in His Last Legs on Mareil the eleventh at the benefit of Mrs. Scott-Siddons, Mr. .Andrews naving previously, on tlio same evening, gone through his excellent peraonation of '.' Touch- stone " in As You '¿ike It. He then went to Sydney, but waa never well after hia arrival, and his death some two months since placed 'his wife and family in an almost deatituto condition. As a comedian Mr. Andrews was over a causo for the heartiest laughter froi|i his oudienco, and.amongst the greatest sueeesaea of his last Hobart Town tour will be remembered his "Butterman " in Our Boys, "Myles-na-Coppaleen" in the Colleen Baum, "Mark Meddle" in London Assurance, and "Chrysos" in Pygmalion and Galatea, all the perfection of the actors' art and yet as distinct in the humour ofitbeir rendering as they aro in composition, Mr. Andrews also took" »art in the most important of 'ihVrovivals of the plays of§bakespearQ,andhis ''Gravodigger,'' "Dogberry," "¡^ir Toby Bolqb," "Pater,',' and " Touchstone " were Important aids to tho oomplote. ness of tho representations, . Further instance is unnecessary. It ia enough to say that Mr. Andrews in his last Hobart Town career fully sustained his reputation by the parta he played and the manner ho gave tlicm, ni}4 J)JE apnoarailGO qn thp ïta.çs was tho signal for oliouts of applause, long beforo ho opened bia month. 'J!ho pièces to be gWeii this evening by the club are the comedy of Checkmate and (by desire) Ifoberl Ifncaire,' Mr, Creswick, the IjOndon, trçgedlaiij whq lina jus,t arrived in Hobart Town for the Theatre, season] has gcnproi\aly aoiitft donation of pup guinea to tho fund, anil special facilities will be ' afforded for visitors from New Town by Cooloy's busses, from Upper Mac quarie-strcet by Mead's busses, and to and from Kangaroo Point by the steamer Coljcpii P^wi). In oqnolusiqn, nil tylm wpio ptqsquc at Jira, Scott Stddous benefjfc will remember tho ringing notea of applause which greeted bor reference, in hei- fare- well address, to one of whom she entertained a high opinion. Theso were her words ; I' Anil last, nut lu M, flint moil abíiin) qld ueatuia, " ' Win hill fnn »-lit ill-Uiiict ¡if. every /«atura 1 ', Tliermiu who inakoi Illa follow neto« Mlli/ii, ' 1A lioallh ' llvo fiitlioms ileep to Auction's nuafr," Loud shouts greeted tho linea, which weie redoubled when tho lady fetched poor Andiews from behind the act drop, He felt the reception very deeply, as nil could çcfe, mid the playgoing p.nhlrc c(irt «W endorsq their Yqrdiqt on>tholiving actor hy flookuiß to tho Tlionti'O this evening to pay a substantial tribute to his memory in assisting hia widow and children. A Bbsefit Pkrtormakce.-It ia nnnounceil that a dramatic performance wjlj ho given this eypning at theTnímanian Ünll, Dalriugtoivstjet^fc, foj* 'tho benefit of W. Mulcahy, who has be'eii a ctipplo for 21 years. Afirium's Crnn.e and Ifis Last Leys, will be playod by amateura, A Oiiiustjias Cahol.-An entertainment will bo given at the Town Hall on Tuesday ovening by Mr. J. R. Betts, teacher of elocution, when > Charles Dickens' world-famous Ghost Story, " A Christmas Carol." \yjll ljp presented by ljirn, Mr, l}etts has long been' known, .13 a supqeasful plqoi}tjqni^i, ever willing to n'sait in qniörtajn'meqts for aocjal or ohnritnhlo purposes, and ho is therefore vory pio porly assisted by four of our loading amateur readers, Messrs. H. W. Knight, Charlea E. Davies, Alexander Reid, and Albert Reid. Voeal music Will be given between the parts by Messrs. W. H. Sinitlj, Vy. Bonsai), and Ijobort Young, J ferr Schott noting as musical director. -4" who rbmembor Mr. Butta' reoitnl of "Edmund Kean," nt the .Tow» Hall, nboutaj'onr ago, lorn charitable mn-paue, will anticipate with ple.isure n renewal of ins' appear- ance with tho ability to depict the story of Old Scrooge and bia conversion ho undoubtedly pqsiqsijeff, lija pycellonoy $10 f! ovni nor will be present, 'and liokotsj may hq obfqjnei| at jho libraries. À Tjioüoiitpui, Act.-How many a weary and pain-stricken inmate of our hospital must long for something to attraot am} cheer him, and perhaps, moro so on tho Sunday than oil any other day. Keel- ing this, a generous donor has sent to the hospital a dozen copies of the weekly issue of ."The Day of Ifestj" with the promise of tho like number being continued oycry Saturday. Tho hospital is not tho only quo of'óur ins.t¡tut¡piis iu^vhjeh. this illustrated weekly serial would provs a welcome gift, Surely thoro aro other gcuorous hearts who will take the hint. Sr/XDAi" ix Hob.uit Towx.-Tho weather yester- day was tho converse of that which had boon experienced for some days previous. The sky was unclouded, and the sea breeze was just strong onough to temper the rays of, tho sun, and at- tracted out of doors an unusually largo number of citizens and their surroundings. Tho conse- quence was that tho wharves and harbour, as usual, when such extremely delightful' weather prevails, presented quite ' a holiday appearance. Throughout tho day tho wharves formed a promen- ading placp fqr many persons, while tho waters of tho Derwent were studded ^vith 'sailiug; boats, manned in many cascB by amateur yachtsmen; The effect produced w.a3 protty in tho extreme. , Kan- garoo Point also proved an attractive seaside resort to many. O'May Brothers' favourite little steamers ran at stated times throughout the day, and trans- ported to and from the Point about ono huudrcd and fifty persons. A Native Bear.-While the steamship Tasman was at Eden, the engineer succeeded in capturing a native bear, which" ho brought to Hobart Town. The animal is of a dusky grey colour, is abpufc two feet in length,'and' is about ten or eleven inches in' height. It is scientifically known as tho' Pfiasco lardos Olncreita or Koala, and belongs to tho mar- supial species. Although it is found occasionally in all tho Australasian forests, being au arboroal feeder, it is not indigenous " to Tasmania. ' Tho animal is generally known as tho nativo bear, and is some .times called the nativo sloth, tho former term having boon, applied tq itl in, consequence of tho strong resemblance it has to Bruin. About 15 years ago an attempt was made ¡by. tho Acclimatisation Society, thou in oxisteiiee, 'to acclimatise tho animal, and with that object in view a .number, were en- larged in this colony. Some ycars'since one of tho animals was shot upon a fonce at Glenorchy. Tho animal was afterwards mounted and placed in,one of tho glass eases at the lloyal Socioty'a'Museurhi* ' Whales orr Tim Tasmanian .Coast.-A vory largo school of whales was observed from tho steam- ship Ringarooma' yesterday 'afternoon, when tho vessel was about'sixty miles from Cape Pillar. Ca'iti.i: Dogs,-Sir. Walter Graham, of the Eardley Arms, shipped on Friday, by Tarama, to Mr. W. B. .Kingswell, Bluff, New Zealand, .two valuable cattle dogs, malo and fomälo, bred by Erskine parker, Esq., of Lake Uiver. Thqy aro of tho original Smithfield breed, and a podigrqp denot- ing purity of blood will accompany thom., This breed of dogs is highly valued in Now Zealand, and Mr, Kingswell took first; and sccpnd prizes at tho last Auckland sliow in thjs class pi dogs. ' ', " SnooTiNö Matoii.-On Saturday afternoon a fat pig, estimated to woigh 2501b., was shot for at Mr. li. Moore's, i'rovidenco Valley. _ Tliorc wore ten compotitors, at ten shillings each. ' The scores made we.ro as follows :-llidgo, !) ; .Hill, S ; Short and Bridges, 7 each : Allen, 5 : Brundell, 4. ; Moore, 2 ; and Cooper, Murphy, and Ebdon, 1 each. Mr. Bidgc, of thoCity PohcoForoc, jihercforc, won tho pig. FitAXKl.lN WilAlir.-In tho vicinity of tho Boat- men's lJock a subsidence took placo iu tilo roadway soma timo on Saturday'morning, but 'thoso' res'pon siblo fgr having the defect reincdicd are apparently so overloaded'with woik tlii'.t rio attciition was paid tp tliP.repaiijng qi the roady/ay.' .TIig.lci)nsefjuonpo w!,i'a'^oHft^ The bolo complained of has,( no doubt, arjson owing to bad workmanship on tlie part of tho porsons who recently constructed an underground drain there., Tue Heiu-Aitauent or tub Ameeu.-^A direct telegram from London, published in IVie Mercury of Friday-" Thó Ameer has released Yakottb Hoy, ' ,will .bo'understood by the' following bxtraotifrbni. tho Daily News:-."Tho death of.tho heir-apparent may causo a considerable disturbance in Afghan polities if, as wo: suppose,' the-porson spoken of as having died on August J7 is -Abdoolah, dan. , This }'9ung man is tho sou of Ùio, ^.roqor'o, favprltp wifp,'. and was'about iwouty-threo yoar^, óí'age" at'ljiq tiina of hhüloath! ' Tho intrigues'of Abdoolah ¿Tan's Djotjipr, vjjr^fQg <5» tho jealousy Svhicli an Oriental. sovereign invariably fools towards his olddst sbii, iudnood tho Ameei to declare Abdoolah Jan lijs heir instead of Yakoob Khan, tfiä ' valiiiiii saldier, skilful general; ' and able administrator to whom ho owed so inuoli, Decoj'ed to Cabul, Yakoob Khan was thrown into prison some vearSjivgo, and in spite of tho remonstrances'of'tho viceroy! has boen If&pt; in confinement over sinco. i Indeed, it'was at ono timo holiovod that lie Jiad boon put to death. Yakoob Khan is vory pomilar amo'jg tho Afghans, and is or was a great frlond to the English. T1)P doath of his brother may roplaco him,in his/armor position as heir to the throne,' and thtis, as Wo have said, caiiFo something very like a revolution in tho policy of tho Court of Cabul. Every effort, thoro foro should bo made to obtain his release, and rc estab'lisliihent inliis father's good gracies, '-Tin) fact however, that thp ,Ainoor's,. brothor, Abdool Ifairlm"Kbaii, who ''-has 'i-paáón to foar tho hostility of ¿ho Jiussians^ hasjlled fo.Pcsh'awur, tends to show that Russian influonco at 'Cabul is, it prosont vory strong, It is possible tim); Qonofal àbrainoff may uso tins influouoo to obtain Vakoob If Imu's restoration to' favour, in the hopo that tho io of gratjtudo would bo stronger than that of a i nero sentimental regard for tho Engh'sh. According ,o tho tolograin'from Tndiu,'recently published, it is i joliovod that tho death of Abdoolah .fan may pro. j lably causo a delay lu tho departuro of tho British j nission to Cabul. Thora may bo oxoollcuj, roasona t or such a delay, For instance, tho'India'n Govern- i nont may anticipate intornaldisturbances in Afghan- i Btan, a not improbablo event, for tho rofouns of tho c Imoer,.especially his attempts to Européanise his 1 rmy, have motlo h¡in very unpopular, and Russian 1 ntrigues may precipitate the crisis, _ | y A Hand ,Heaiise.-Á vehicle with tina hamo has been supplied to the Marino Boat Department! for tho conveyance to the morgue of bodies found in tho Derwent. It ia an oblong coutrivanco Gft. or 7ft. in length, between 2ft. and 3ft. wide and about the same depth, on threo whcela, and waa manufac- tured at II. SI. Gaol, whero the mechanics milong the'inmates aro utilised for different carpentry and blacksmith's works. Tho hearse will be an improve- ment upon the hap-luwsard stylo of conveyance heretofore used for tho purpose The Passes isio ArcmAsiisTAr.*.- The following particulars extracted by tho Arguiirom The Times, respecting the principal passes through tho lofty chain of mountains which intervene between our Indian dominions and the Ameer's territory will bo interesting, now that hostilities have actually com- menced with Afghanistan :-" The Khyber Pasa ia wit|iin 170 miles of Jhelum, the present terminus of the Punjab railway system, with which it ia con- nected by tho Grand Trunk road, probably one of the very best military highways in the world. Tho pass may be said, generally speaking, to commence at Jamrood, 10 miles west of Poshawur, and to extend as far as Dhaka, a distnnco of about 33 miles, The actual entrance to tl)o defile, however, is at Kadara, a plaoo three miles west of Jamrood, which is a small village, sunounded by a mud wall. There stuTcxists'thp ruins of an old Sikh fort built in < -1S37, after tho defeat of tho Afghan army on the adjacent plains by tho Khalaa army under Hurreo Singh,) . Within- 1,000 yards of I|adnin tl)o gorgo narrows to_130 yards, with steep prçoipitous clifTa on either hand. Between this and the Afghan frontier fort of Ali Musjid,- distant about 10 milos, tho mountains on either hand aie about 1,500ft. in height, slaty, bare, and to all an, pcarances inaccessible ; the width QÍ tho pcts^ varies from 200ft. to 40ft, ']fpr a d,ts.tiuio.Q of 2| milos bo yqqf} AJi M^sim-I i'*a P»3* retains ir,s difficult character. It then outers tho Lain Beg Valley, about six miles in length, with an average breadth of a' mile and a half. Tho western end, of the valley t however, finds the rond entering P) s^U narrower dcfjlq, th"(ro being soarçaly room'for two camels to pAss, éaûh other)' The Lundi Khana Pasa is distant lrom this point about a milo mid a half, the aacent over it is narrow, rugged, steep, and generally the most difficult part of the road ; guiia could i\qfc bo drawn hero except by men, and then, emly after tho improvement of the tr^ct, Tho descont, however, js along a woll.mado road; and is not so difficult. On tifo west sido of fho Pass tlio mountains, gradually open out, aud loao much of their inaopps sible nature. Dhaka is distant about eight milos, and hero the defjlo onda, Que knowlodgo of thoso mountain rungos has muoh improved of late years, and savor.)! roads arq well known which completely turn AU Musjid, tho most formidable obstacle be- tween Poshawur and Jellalabad. Among these aro the Tatar.i-road, which enters tho billa about uinq miles north of Jamrood and joiim thp main róiito at Dhaka ; tim ]Cadapa-ro.ad, and uno through tho lura Valley, both avoid Ali Musjid, aro practic- able for light equipped columns, and doubtless would me made use of were wc compelled to force the Khybor. Tlio forcing of the Khyber and the necessary construction of a road prnqtionblo for wheeled traflio to Cabul Mould bo but »ho. com iiiüiif enjcnt of thq trials of a'n Afghan'war. Tlio fortrpssea 'fit'Jellalabad, Cabul,' and Qluianoj would have tq bo reduced ¡ of their nrogont condition litfclo or nothing ja known j but from Aaiatlo sources wo Jlive jeanie that, subsequent ta our departure from the oountry, Doat Mahomed apent much labour and monoy in pel footing their defences, and, al- though it ia improbable that they have been cam,, plctcd on nny very acientific plana, it )S beyond, n\\\ doubt that thoy \ylll l^qt fell with the eajo'Uluiiuico fqll in the lns.t campaign! ' Tlio Southern or Bolan Kiss has n fair road runniug through it. Botwoon Kilobit and Oaiulnhar thoro is some very bad giound, a laok of forago, and an utter absence of water." Tha Election Addie« of Al loi mau F T Pdvi, i,hq retues fiom t||e Cunni^l bj- oliju-upn Cjf time, will bo fftiuid Iii nu advaitising columns It contains an enuuci ilion of tho wilta a mow-, on Municipal mat ters, and a declaration that, in response to the solicita- lion of ratepayers, he will offer himself as a candidate for re-election. The annual meetings of proprietors of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land and the Commercial Bank, will be held to-day, at noon. The members of St John's Friendly Society will meet this evening on important business. This afteinonn, at two o'clock, a public meeting of the electois of tho Claienco distuct Hill be held at Belloiivo, to coiioulu the Ministeml scheme qf ta\n, t|qn The nominations foi \auous spoitiug events, to lake pi let at Lhvick, mulei tho au-pu.es of the Tasm 1111111 It iun"' Club, on Boxing D »), close to daj Tendéis are united by the 1'ML Hillway Co far tho conveyance of pisstngus between the station, New No1 folk Road, nndNcw Noif >1U, fiom.Juiiu.aiv 1st, to Uq sent in tq Mi liant ptfoio I p m QH thq loth isnt _ 