A SLEEPLESS NIGHT. " On that night could not the king sleep." ESTHER vi. 1. Three persons seated at a table in a Persian palace, ¿liasuerius, grander in stature and more beautiful in features than any man in all his army of two million three hundred and seventeen thousand men. Esther, the belle of the empire, the most attractive women of all the nation brought together in a group, and she aeleoted out of the group pre-eminently attractive. Hainan, who was prime minister, or secretary of state, the Bismarck of the realm, standing next to the king. It is a private party in the queen's parlours. You may get some idea of tho bill of fare when I tell you that the whole empire was tributary lo that table. What rare meat of bird, and fish, and quadru ped ! What rare fruit of raisin, and fig, arid pome granate, and apples of gold in caskets of silver Î What rare wines smacking of the sunshine of Arabia and Syria ! The upholstery looking as if it had been dyed in rising and setting suns. The furniture of room and table moat peculiar-each chair, and lounge, and cup, and tankard, and spoon, of an independent I pattern, drawn out by the artists of the king. The ' floor looked like a fallen rainbow. Clouds of cur tains hovering amid marble and statuary. The music of a full bandminglingwiththolaughter of Minnehaha, or the voices of falling waters. But now the sun strikes aslant through the queen's banquetting-hall, and across the rinds and 'peelings of the grape clus . ters,. and the path of the spilled wine, and the intoxi cated cheeks of the blear-eyed banqueters. Ahasueru» rises to depart. The officers of the palace appear as Iiis escort. With blundering and staggering steps he gets into tho sedan and is carried to his canopied «ouch, and retires for the night. Come in, O sleep ! -through the window hangings of Tyrian purple, anJ put your soft, feet on the king's eyelids. Wait upon him, sweet dreams ! Kiss him, breath of frankincense and rosemary ! There he is, the owner of all the world that is worth owning from India to Ethiopia ! Xiet the chamberlains draw the curtain around "this Bon of fortune. Let the lights be lowered. Let the sentry outside the door stop their pacing. Let every tliing be silent. The officers of the guard outside give .their orders in a whisper. Night in Shushan. Night in all thc land. Night in the palace. Standing out side the sleeping apartment of the kiug, I hear first a .cough, and then a groan, then the turning over on the -imperial couch, and last of all the voice of the king . ¡saying : " Let the officers of the guard bring me the .book- of the record of the Chronicles, and read to me. .-1 can't sleep." Sleep for the scullions in the king's kitchen, and for the pages who run on his errands ; isleep for the gatekeepers of the imperial park, and for ?the grooms who polish the smooth coats of the horses in the royal mews ; but no sleep for their master. On that night could not the king sleep." You see that sleep is a mixture made by God's own .finger. We are tola that He keeps in heaven a bottle in-which He gathers all the-tears of His children, and .after a whilo those tears are changed into pearls for ?crowns, and then the bottle is empty. Methinks God puts into that bottle a few drop3 of quiet, a few drops .of forgetfulness, and a few drops of restoration, miu .gles them together, then dips His finger into the mix ture and bathes us into newlife and invigoration. O, lieaven-descended sleep! May God give us eight hours of it out of every twenty-four. Better bo in a hovel with sleep than in the Tuilleries without it. But Ahasuerus cannot get one drop of this mixture. What is the matter ? " Why," you say, " it is indigestion. He has been gormandizing, and now he is only paying the penalty." O, no. He had taken enough wine to .counteract that. That would not have hindered you from hearing his drunken snore outside the palace.. What waa the matter ? He lies down upon his back, trying in that way to soothe his pulses ; but no sleep. He turns over on his right side ; but.no sleep. Then, lie counts the shadows on the wall, hoping to puthim ..self in a somnolent state; but no sleep. " On that night could not the king sleep." There may have been three or four reasons for this tfidget and restlessness. One was the care of his king .-dom. A United States president,-a British queen, a Hussian czar, have no-care compared with this Alia .-3uerus.: He has one hundred and twenty-seven pro vinces, not bound together by telegraph wires or rail road tracks. Any moment that empire may be disin tegrated ; so he cannot sleep. Besides that, he. is ^ambitious, and lie Í3 going to make a conquest. If you Jtnew that to-morrow morning ' you would make twenty thousand dollars or one hundred thou .oarid dollars, you woùl d not sleep to-night. Three or four times ' yon would be'up in the night, striking a match to see if it was not toward morning. _ And here this Ahasuerus cannot sleep because he is going to .conquer Greece. He is going to rally an army of .eighty, thousand ho rite, and. one million seven hundred thousand foot, and he is going to have four thousand two hundred ships. The queen of Mithridates had a blue baud on h<;r forehead, showing that she was queen of the realm ; but one day that baud slipped from her forehead under her chin and strangled her life out. And" so it iä with the ambitious of thia world; they lead a soul Hot so much to glory as to death. He had .Tuging passions, this man Ahasuerus, that would not let him sleep-passions that showed themselves in a ridiculous way, so that when he came back from that *Grec3an expedition lie was so mad at the river Helles pont for breaking up his bridge of boats that he .ordered his servants to , whip that river with three hundred lashes, compelling his servants to cry out ?while. they were lashing tho river: "Thou bitter water, thy master puts upon theo these stripes because thou hast treated him so badly; O, treacherous and ?unsavoury stream. " Of course such a man as that .could not sleep. Besides that, his conscience troubled him. It spurned the pillow. No chloral, no extract of poppy, no morphine can put a man to sleep when his conscience rasps him. What had Ahasuerus been doing ? Doing ? Why, when Vashti, his first wife, refused to come in and display her beauty before au .obscene and adulterous crowd of princes, he hurled her, weeping and exiled down the palace stairs, and divorced her for nothing but her virtues. His appe tite was his God, anti he flung contempt in the face ?of heaven. Ho had turned his palace into a foul seraglio, and debauched tho empire with his unclean ness^ Ho had decreed the massacre of the whole ?Jewish nation, saying: "Wherever you find a Jew, kill him." Of course ho could not sleep ! Could you have slept undor such circumstances ? O ! there is nothing like an aroused couscience to keep a man awake when he wants to sleep. Th ero was arider Who one morning was found with his sword cutting a nest of swallows to pieces. Somebody came up and said': "Why do you cut the nest of swallows to pieces?" "Why," he replied, " those swallows keep saying that I murdered my-father." The fact waa, that the maa liad committed the crime, and his con science, by IKvine- ventriloqiiism, was speaking out of that bird sanest. No, Ahasuerus could not Bleep. Tho more he tried, to sleep, the wider he got awake. All around about his pillow, the past came. There, in the darkness, stood Vashti, wan and wasted in banish ment. There stood the princes whom he had despoiled by his evil example. There were the. representatives of the househe had blasted by his infamous demand . that the brightest be sent to the palace ; broken hearted parents crying : " Give me back my child, thou vulturous soul !" The outrages of the past flit ting on the wall, swinging from the tassels, crouching in the corner, groaning-under the pillow, . setting their heels on his consuming brain, and crying : " Get up! This is the verge of hell! No sleep! No sleep!" Are there not some here . who have occasionally passed sleepless nights ? What was the reason ? Was it sickness? Was it overwork ? Was it bereave ment ? Was it the unrepented sins of your past life that came about your pillow ? Was it trouble ? You remember how the clock ticked. You remember how long it was from the striking of one in the morning untd the striking of two, and still longer from two to three ; and when afc last the day began to look through the lattice, how quickly you rose up and surrendered every attempt to sleep. _ There are souls in this house who will not sleep to-night. You say : " Oh ! my Lord, how can I sleep ? The house is so dreadfully still since my little one died. Nb one to give a drink to in the night. No one to wake me in the morning with a sweet carol. Trouble! Trouble! Will not the Lord take me out of it ?" O ! bereaved soul, I can makeup something'you-can sleep on. As sometimes they make a pillow of soothing herbs that the patient may put his head on and forget his pain, so to-night, bereaved soul,I would make up a pillow for thy head -a pillow of Divine promises-promises of a reunion in a tearless realm, promises of explanation for things that are dark, promises of resurrection for all the dead. O ! put your head on that pillow, and let tho fingers of a comforting and sympathetic Christ close your eyelids in perfect peace to- night. Hush all your losses. Hush all your bereavements. Hush all your complaints. " So He giveth His beloved sleep." But there are those here who will not sleep to-night for another reason. This is the night when your un forgiven sins will cry out against you. They^ will come clamouring around your pillow as the sins of Ahasuerus clamoured around his pillow. You think you can roll off a Bolemn impression like this moment. You will go home. The door will be closed. After a few moments conversation about what happened at the Tabernacle, you will try to compose yourself to sleep ; but if you aro an unforgiving man, you cannot sleep. You will get Avider and wider awake. God will stand by your pillow, saying : " Where did you come from? What have you been doing ? No repent ance. No tears. No pardon. No life. No hope. No heaven." And you will say : " Who is it that addresses me?" And God will say : "It is thy Maker and thy Judge;" and the sweat of a great agony will come out on your brow, and before to-mor row morning you will get up and kneel down, and pray, and pray. That will be the history of hundreds in this house to-night. " O !" says some one, you don't know me. I am a good slesper, and no sooner will I put my head on the pillow than I will be uncon scious. Ah ! perhaps I made-a mistake, then, in re gard to your case. I may be mistaken in the prophecy with reference to you particularly, for you may be one of those who go to sleep on earth and .wake up in hell, where they never sleep. " O !" says some one, " I'll joke off all this impression. I'll' caricature the preacher. I'm good at drawing. And theil I'll just say to my jeering companions, 'How is your soul?' and with merriment I'll drown out all the thought of the present, and all the thought of the past, and all the thought of the future." No, you cannot do it. Ahaauerus tried to drown the voice of his conscience with wine, with libertinism, with fame, with all kinds of indulgence, until, in his satiety, he actually offered a reward for somebody who would invent a new plea sure; and while all the enjoyments, and honours, and excitements came rippling up against that pillow in the Shushan Palace, " on that night could not the king sleep." No, madame ; no, sir ; if the Holy Spirit is in your heart to-rnighfc you cannot drown out this religious im pression. It will be as it was the last Sabbath night, when there were two persons sitting before me so tho roughly given up to merriment while I was preaching, that I thought I must stop in the midst of my sermon and call them to order ; and yet, at, the close of the service, they came asking the way to heaven, and they are now in this house sitting in the peace cf Christ, these few days of pardon giving,them .more joy than all tho days of their worldly hilarity. Ah, my friends, you cannot with outside giee stop the in side tremour. Whirl around all the dancers, clap all the cymbals of defiance, fill tho air with guffaw of ribaldry and mirth, and Ahasuerus cannot sleep to night.- O mah immortal, O woman immortal, how cany ou sleep unforgiven ? all your lifetime transgres sions gathering together, each one of them enough for your eternal discomfiture, yet piling up and piling up, and spreading out and spreading out, and crowding closer and closer. O God, what will they do with their sins ? the imf orgiven sins of their life like hounds on their track, flashing like fiery bolts from the clouds, slipping from abovè like an avalanche. They might as well try to sleep on the top story of a house when all the rooms underneath are in flames, and the fire is singeing their locks ; they might aa well try to sleep while a foundering steamer, is making its last plunge. How can you sleep at the memory of misimproved mercies? Where is your neglected Bible ? Wherein your. father's death-bed, your mother's déàth-bed? What is that'on your bauds, on your forehead, on your cheek, on your chin ? It is the blood of a neg lected, despised, long-suffering, and agonizing Jesus. He has come this night to eavo your soul, and you will not let Him. If the devils in the lost world had one such offer of mercy, they would leap for it aa a shipwrecked man foi- the last life-boat. O, how can you sleep, when you are so near the last offer of par don and mercy? Do you see that excitement in hea ven ? The Holy Spirit is departing from heaven with a very solemn message. He is coming with His last offer of pardon to your soul, and the angels gather around tho Holy Spirit, and they say : "Plead hard to-night. Do not give him up. Plead hard to-night ;" and the Spirit is descending, coming through tho night air. He has alighted in this room. Ho is right before your soul. It is your immortal soul and tho Holy Ghost. O, gracious Spirit, conquer him to night. Since heaven and hell are involved in this in terview, search him, rouse him, meit him, save him. " No," pays the Holy Ghost : " I will say no more. I will just stop for a minute to seo .whether ho will ac cept pardon or whether he will reject it." And tho' Holy Spirit lifts ono wing for departure, and if He lift both wings, then He is gone ; and with one wing lifted for departure, I feel the last moment of waiting throbbing through the air-tho last moment. _ For some soul here both wings are lifted, andHo vanishes. Gone, your opportunity for pardon. Gone, 3'our hope for heaven ; while a voice breaks' from tho throne, saying : "Ephraim is . joined'to his idols ; let him alone, let him alone !" O, you unrepentant souls, how cnn you sleep to-night in view of death, and judg ment, aud eternity Ï Mr. Fairon, 'our respected fellow-citizen. " this af ter noon, with all offices of respect was carried out to hi3 last resting place. Last Wednesday night he went to sleep sound and welL He was heard to be in a strug gle,- and in ten minutes, though they tried to bathe and rub him into life, and with the utmost attention of medical skill to resuscitate him,- in ten minutes his immortal soul passed over from world to world. If it had been you, where would you haye been now ? Some of you, my dear brethren, will go out of life just as suddenly.. There will be no time to reach the physician. T There will be no time to get the phial of restoratives. There will be no time to strike a light. If you are unprepared to go, your exit out of this life will be a falling swifter than any comet flashed down the night sky. How can you sleep on the borders of an eternity for which you have no preparation ? Hear you not the dashing of the waveB of that dreadful sea ? Fiends exult at the prospect of your speedy en trance. If after these years of rejecting the love of God, the pardon of God, the mercy of God, the en treaties of God, the wooing of God, you go out of this world, what will remain for you but the wrath of God ! You may be so near it. Do you not feel its breath on your cheeks ? Do you not see its flush on your brow ? Do you not feel its quaking beneath your feet 1 The sword-arm of the Lord Almighty swings out fmm the cloud ready to strike. O ! spare that soul. Mercy, mercy, mercy ! We cry, Lord, spare that soul ! Give it one more chance for repent ance and for heaven. If you now repent, you can go home to-night, and sleep as soundly as any child ever slept in its mother's arms. With pardon for a pillow, eternal defences for.a canopy, and the angels of God fora body-guard, you can afford to sleep until the daybreak, while Ahasuerus tosses on the couch, and cails out for the officer of the guard to come and read the book of the record of the Chronicles. [At the ciose of this sermon three hundred persons expressed their desire then and there to beconle Christians.] 