— — ;o; — ' MACBETH. ' , Mr. Thomas Kenny, a cleycr cssay- I ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of " Macbethj" idiaractLi"- ' ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime ( and terror relieved by the most mag nificent imaginative expression,"' yet' ' marked with great simplicity of general . design. , i he date of the production of the piece is set by Furnival at 6o5-6,. > and " we may take it for granted," V says Kenny, " that it was written in the time of James the First, who ) ascended the throne March, 1603, as it J contains an evident allusion to that monarch in act iv. scene I, and also a ) comjilimentaiy reference to him in an other part. The material for the play ' was found by Shakesjieare in Holin- ) shed's History of Scotland, where the story of Macbeth is told at page 168." ' The Macbeth and Duncan are rc)re- I sentcd to have been cousins ; the first I a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- / sition, and the latter " so soft and \ gentle in his nature that the people : wished the inclination and manners of tlie two to have been so tempered and \ interchangeably shared betwixt theih ' that where the one had too much of clemency and the other of cruelty, the \ main virtue between these two extre mities might have reigned by indifler- ) eiit partition in them both. The play . rill along keeps close to the line of ' Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely f any particular except . in the non- . , appearance in the banquet Iscene of the ' murdered Banquo's ghost," f This tragedy has been presented in' .Melbourne we believe oftencr than any other of Shakespeare's works; ' The! date (i. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, Charles' Vincent; ill' their time essayed / the part, and we have had other repre- ) isentativcs, from the burly McKean .Buchanan and James 'Anderson to' the f ) little dapper j. -B. Howe. But few \ artists have made their Melbourne dehut in the rOle. of tlie Thdno of Co/ic- ) 'dor. Of those who'have, we now call' ,to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the; The- atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles ' A , '"\ ,, , Poole supporting him as Lady Mnc- betJir, Mr. Henry Edwards as Maeduff, I Mrs. Winterbottom as Malcolm, and t the pHncipal singing witches were Mrs. Hancock and the late Julia Matthews. ( Previous t» that, on Aug. 2S1 1858, at . the same theatre, there burst upon the theatrical firmament an Australian ( Roscius, Master Edward Pole, aged . 14\. He also played the part, which as ' a feat of memoi'y was extremely won- ( derful. This gentleman has long left the stage and become a " family man," ' and now. follows the prosaic business ( of a thriving paperhanger. At the time of the " Ghost" sensa tion in Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy < was revived to be produced with " Pep- . pcr's ghost effects," which were an- ' nounced as " combining the real with ( the ideal, the scientific and the poeti cal, the positive and the illusory," with ' thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when under the management of the late ' .Tames Simmonds. The part of Mac- hrfh was alternately played by Messrs. R. Youiige and Henry Edwards, the ' Lady Macheth was by the late charm- ( ing Annie Lockhart. It was in the part of the " Thane's " guilty wife" that Miss Goddaid (Mrs. | Capel) made her bow before a Mel bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, ' August 24, 1857, tlie late G. V. Brooke / appearing as yiuohcth. The, Opera of " Macbeth," by Verdi, has been presented in Melbourne by I two different comjsanicg at an interval . of twelve years. The first production ' w'as 'at the Theatr-e Royal, September ( 8, 18C0, with the Bianclii Opera t,om- . pany. Signora Bianchi undertook the ' music of Signor .Bianchi / Maodiif, Emile Coulon MacJwtl/t, John Gregg Banquo, Walter Sherwin Mai- ( coliii. and Mr John Winterbottom was ( conductor of the orchestra. The se cond time the Opera was revived was ( at; the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. / W. S. Lyster and Cagli. The title role (Mncbeth was allotted to Signor ( Tournerie, Macduff to Signor Leandro > Coy, 'Eanquo to Signor Dondi, Ma2- cnlm to fiignor Benso, Physician to ( Signor Favas, Geo.tlcwoman to Signora , Tournerie, and Lady Macbeth, to Sig nora Zenoni. | :o: ( 