MISCELLANEOUS. lNewstead Alsbbey :ind its Surronmld ings-Byron nl :diAn ihhaworth. SeSEV?e miles north of-N?t lham, writes tile London correspondenu f the Chic'ago T'ices, stands the village of 1-luclhnell, in whose church lies the mortal remains of George Gordon Noel, Lord Byron; of his datughter Ada, of his sister, the Hotn. 1Mrs. Leigh, and many another of his line. Here, too, were brought the remains of the grandfather of Mary Chaworth, slain in the duel with Lord Byron's great uncle, which bloody ,r-ay, happened long before their birth, wais the cause why they who loved each other could never be ,·tnn and wife, and turned the lives of b.ltQ grief and wretchedness. Could the sensitive, impdssioned, aild gifted young poet have gained the sweet and beautiful Mary Chaworth, mistress of the neighbouring estate-a woman in every way worthy of him-how ditferent might have been the fate of both. She married instead, aroystering, fox hunting, drinking squire of an old county, family, who dwelt not far off, lived a sorrowful and heart broken life with him, and died in consequence of fright, and cold brought on by the riots at the time the tories threw )not the reform bill in 1831i i,\ :Armed by titefierce demonstrationsof thlfNbhttmghant workmen, she fled fromn her' hall, sought shelter in a copse, where, through the livelong night, she was pelted by a pitiless tempest, and never recovered from the effects.. Shedied nine or ten years after her boyish lover Her grandson, the worthy representative of his grtandlsire, but not of the lovely Mary of " The Dream," is now the owner of Annersley. A mile north of Hucknall lies Newstead, the seat of the Byrons, a .noble estate, which I suppose at a moderate calculation, would now sell for half a million sterling, or, as they saty here, a half a million of money, for in England nothing is considered money that is not represented by the pound sterling. Nesstead, as you know, was a noble abbey of the middle ages, bhut at the time of the suppression of religious houses in the reign of that pious monarch, Henry the Vii, of blessed memory, it parsed Into secular hands, and became the abode of the Byrons, and so, in due time, of the youne poet. Hero were held those orgies, the reading of which makes one shudder. All the world knowsn that, among other bits or profanity practiced by the half wild young peer, he dug up a skull of a former abbot of the house, had it mounted with silver. and used it as a drinking cup. In conse quence, it is said, the ghost of the abbot visited the "glimpse of the moon" for many. a year, haunting especially the chamber of his lordship and that of his page, adjoining. Yo firmly has this ttadition taken hold of the imagination of men that few have beet. induced to sleep in those chambers sine, the poet left them. One sentiments' traveller I believe, a stranger to fear an' superstition, was kinily Itdl.ed by bent allow, d to sleep in B1 r',n' bed and Bi rn'. bed and B rot's rotm, and islhle reislinr many "spoony" liles of the poet, ii, aserihed his phantasy tohe alliance i superstition with the enthusiasms .hialI diseets the thoughts and faith of poets, as, alupidly confessed himsself to having sh'le undisturbed There was also a tradititei that so long as thit skull rema ned abov, ground no ownerof iNe Pstead aould erm, have male. isuetoinherit the estate. By,o, died without a son to take his name an title; and the some ' as true of its nex owner, his hiend, Colonel Wildman, who.? wife, by the wey. wlas a lelt-lranded cousit to Her Majsty the Queen, ihe daughte' of the Duke of Sussex, with the " bat sinister" in her eseunther n. Colonel Wildman, honouring the memory about the place utuelt as t ha sees ion Ill h day. 