[?] AMONG THE GEYSERS. The Lower Fire Hole Basin is another remarkable place in tbe National Park, though not equal to tlie upper one, from which it is separated by a lew divide. Still there are in it a great number of geysers exhibiting an infinite variety of fine structure, appearance, and size, "some small, some large, meriting almost to be called little lakes, and containing vast volumes of boiling water ; others mere cracks or fissures in surface, occasion ally ejecting air or liquid, like the diminutive puffing-holes one meets with on the sea- shore." Sometimes it is ilica or flint that is deposited ; at other times iron, or silica and iron together, mixed in some cases with sulphur also. Old springs are here constantly dying out and new ones springing into life, the pine-trees standing near springs, coated with deposit, and yet in full life, show that the outbreak oi these springs must be something of very modern date. Numerous bare patches in tlie forest indicate where springs and geysers once have been, and in many little lakes or ponds are buried the remains of extinct geysers. There are also various mud volcanoes in this basin. The Fire Hole River flows through the basin. Its waters are warm, and much appre ciated in cold weather by flocks of geese and ducks. The whole of the river sides are "honeycombed and pitted with springs, ponds, and mud-pots, furrowed with boiling streams, gashed with fissures, and gaping with chasms, from which issue hollow rumblings, as if great stones were rolling round and round, or fierce, angry snarls and roars. The ground sounds hollow under foot. The track winds in and out among holes that puff sulphur flames or squirt water at you ; by great caverns that reverberate hideously, and yawn to swallow you up, horse and all ; crosses boiling streams which flow over beds composed of a hard crust, coloured yellow, green, and red, and skirted by great cisterns of boiling, seething water. The crust feels as if it might break through at any moment and drop you into fire and flames beneath, and animals tread gingerly upon it. ' You pass a translucent lovely pool, and are nearly pitched into its Lot- azure depths by your mule,- which violently shies at a white puff of steam maliciously spitten in its face through a iiiLuts firfcnie in the paih. You uiuot nr-ods examine into that raggeu-momhea : cavern,: :and si art back with more ..-agility than, gra'ee -to escape : from a suddeu flood of liot water, i which spitefully, and without warning,, gurgles out and weis -you through. The air" is full of subdued, strange noises — distant grumblings as of dissatisfied ghosts, faint Bhrieks, satirical groans, and subterranean laughter— as. if imprisoned devils, though exceedingly uncomfortable, were not beyond being amused at seeing a fresh victim ap proach. You fanoy you oan hear the rattle of the loom, the whirl of wheels, the clang and clatter of machinery; and tho impres sion is borne upon the mind that you are- in the manufacturing department Of Inferno, where the skilled hands and artisans, doomed to hard labour, are employed. I _ oan compare it only to one's feelings in an iron- foundry, where one expects every moment to step on a piece of hot iron, to be run through the stomach by a bar of wbite glowing metal, to be mistaken for a pig and oast headlong into a furnace, or be in some way burned, scalded, or damaged." 