POLICE. PRAHRAN COURT. MONDAY, OCTOBER 21. Before Dr. Embling, .E. J. Dixon, P. Hayes, and J. Moore, J.P.'s A SOUTH YARRA GHOST. -- R. P. Onge sum- moned H. Gardiner for making use of threatening words. Mr. M'Kean appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Weller for defendant. The statement of the plaintiff, who resided in Cunningham-street, South Yarra, was to the effect that in consequence of a fright caused to some of the inmates of the defend- ant's house, by a ghost-like figure being stuck on the dividing fence between their premises, the defendant came to his house on the Friday and Saturday week to speak about it. Not being at home defendant in company with five or six others came again on the Sunday morning, and demanded an explanation about the ghost, and assumed a most threatening attitude. Defendant accused him of placing it there, and said he would swing for him (the plaintiff). Witness retorted they all had to die someotime and he (Gardiner) might as well die with a rope round his neck as any other way. Doefendant continued to annoy him for a couple of days. It was quite true his servant took down the "ghost" at his directions, which consisted of a stick dressed up in newsnpaper, but he denied all knowledge of it.-The defence to the case was that Gardiner was giving a party at his house, next to the plaintiff's residence, when by some mysterious means the whole of the gas in the house was turned off. The meter was outside, and the figure was evidently placed in such a conspicious position that, comming out of the dark room, it must have been distinctly seen, illuminated as it was by the silver rays of the moon. Gardiner first saluted it with a good stout cudgel, and it was immediately removed by direction of the plaintiff. The intention of the defendant in calling on Onge was to endeavour to clear up the mystery as to who placed the figure on the dividing fence. Suspicion certainly pointed to him as being the perpetrator, and it was for him to disprove it. A witness named Lobelius, who was present on the Sunday morning said the threaten- ing language was directed to thie person who placed the "ghost" on the fence, and not plaintiff per- sonally.--The case was dismissed--Another ease arising out of this dispute was preferred by Con- stable Murphy against J. C. Saunders for using insulting words. The words were very harmless, and required a good stretch of imagination to make them insulting.--The case was dismissed. RESISTANCEr.-Alderman Gatehouse was sum moned by Senior-constable Brennand with resisting hlim in thie execution of hIris duty. The constable stated that at about half-past one o'clock on Tues day morning last, his attention wa~s directed to a noise in thie Paolce Hotel, Toorak-road, and on looking through the windowr snaw several persons standing in the bar, which was lighted up. Moeet ing two other constables immediately afterwards, he stood outside. When the side door was opened hoe walked in, and was irmcediately confronted by the defendant, whom he did not know, and who at once seized him'and endeavoured to put him out, saying he was the landlord. He refused to.go knowing he nwas not the landlord. Gatohouse thlen told him outside thie hotel that he mw?s ex- mayor of felbdurone, and threatened to bring his conduct before the notice of the Chief Cominissioner of Police and tihe ChiefSecretary. He (the constable) replied that -hoe would bring defendant's conduct before the notice of the Prihran Bench of Magin trates. Thie defendant appeared to be the worse of drink.--Thlo defendant here interposed and said " This: man is the most unmitigated lying scoundrel tlhat ever stood in a witness box." The Bench warned the defendant not to make use of such lan gurg. Defendant denied he rwas thc.worse of rink, and said.ho had been talking with a few rriends about old .times in the parlour from 11 'clock and had ne'r tasted a single drop of liquor f any description.- As there wnas a summons ggainst Mr. Gough, the landlord of the hotel, for soiling liquor during prohibited hours, the bench postponed giving their decision in this case till the other was dealt with.-- Thle eviderco of Constable Brennand wenl to show that when he gainred access into tho hotel le saw several person standing in the bar, who quickly scattered in all directions, savo one who stayed to drink up tile contents of his glass. The Bench held the cases proved and inflicted a fine of 40a. on Gough, and 20s. on Gatehouse. A BmuTE.-Michael Garvin was charged.with threatening the life of his wife. It appeared that his wife had only recently come out of the lying-in hospital, when the inhuman follow came home drunk as usual, smashed all the crockery in the house and turned his wife and infant into the street. The constable whoso assistance was called found the fellow lying drunk on the floor of his house.-The Bench ordered the prisioner to be imprisoned for six months, unless he could find two sureties of £25 eacl, willing to guarantee Iis good behaviour during that period. PotICE OASES.-Jessie Williams and Richard Storey were fined 5s. each for indulging too freely in intoxicants, and in similar charges againt J. Riclmrdson, W. G. Hart, and J. Williams, the defendants were allowed to depart without penalties. -A poor orphan girl named King petitioned the the bench to relieve her of the care of her illegiti mate offspring. Her seducer had left 'the colony before the birth of the child, and she had no ineans whatever ofearning a lvoelihood.' She'offared to contributo towards its support in the Industrial School. 'TIh henclh took pity on the erring iotlner and ordered Ihe baby to b sent to the Schools for 14 years, the applicant to pay 2s. 6d. per 'week ot cf her wages as general servant. She 'aid. sho could retura to the siame situation she fornmely leld.--J. .olliny was fined 2s. 6d foir negligent driving, and J. Ayers had to part, to his great disgust, with 5i, for not having a light 'n'?n obstruction in Clhpol-street." DEBT CAsES.-Samah Doyle obtaited' an order against S. Smith for a debt of £5'4. 6d."'nnd E. Bolieor was successful against - Mitchell for a claim of 14s. 6d.-H. ,D. Kerr was summondd to show cause why lie had not complied with an order of the court to pay towards the support of his child in the Industrial Schools. The arrears now amounted to'£11 odd. .The case was adjourned for a month to give: the defendant.an opportunity of complying with the order. 