The Advertiser MONDAY, AUGUST 19, 1878. THE session of the Imperial Parliament which has just closed has been in no way remarkable the importance of the measures that become law durin g its frt>g?a%batitaufaeeaaaic«eztnMraiaary oae Craia Ae gnrity of Ae aabjeets which bare for the most part engroasei Ae attention of Ae BteadMn aaa Ae atziki?g' political evaata with which it has i beea BaukeA. The opeain^ parafissht of \ Ae apeech from Ae throae when Padia- | moot waa cafleil together ia fact atrack ; Ae keyH?ote of the aeaskm. In the«e ; tha come of the Rass^Tarkufc war | was briely traced, the history of the attwat? made by JBagknd to bring' aVoat peace waa gives, aad there was a ra^ae iatJaaHiua thatahoald hoatSties be pro lo?fel Ae Britick Gmmuman n^ht be called apos totakeaore actirt ataaaaraa. The work of the aaarioa bad aeaiceiybeg— whea the aaaoaaeea?eat was aaade that Ae C«ar ted fiaafly rejected Ae proffered aaediatioo of Eogiaad. Taen f ollowod the intiiMlKai Aat a apedal rote for war par- | paaw wm wqaiiel; aal next came Ae lu- : patch of Ae fleet from Benka B*y to Ae Sea of Hanaorm. The aahteqaeot dabttea : on Ae special vote ate amoag the moat eniliag erer kaowa ia Ae Eogiiah Pariiaaaent, aad the almost dramatic feeae aaud wakh the rote wm finally earned by aa orerwhelauaf mijority wooM be aafficM?t ia H*elf to reader Ae aeaaoa tfiaiilii>«i?. Scarcely lest impor tant were the iimwmom which aaceeedel on the Coa^reae nef atiaxioaa, aad Ae diopatch of the cxpedidaaary farce from , ladk to Mah«: aad fioally Aat oa Ae policy panned by the Gavemmant at the Berlin BBwting. Apart from asy mi n peaa'ty iatereat theaedahmtoihare a laattag importaac«,a< ako has Act oa the roamed fittx?^oat of If nmarn prwateen ia Aaurt eaa waten, from the grare coestitatiaaal qaeetioM which were involved. Except for the debates connected with the settlement of Ae Eastern qaectkn Ae session has beea a eompuatirely batrea one. When it opeaed maasares were pro aiised on Cooaty Goveramoat, the Factory Acts, Sonunary Jartsiftctiaa of Ms*is ttates, Irish Intermediate Edacatioa, Ae Coacobsaiao?of the Cnauaal Lav, Grasd Juries, and other auttore of leaser impor tance. With a few exceptions aeareely asy of taes? late ateoate law, tad tie oae most aeeled—Aat dea&o; with the cobhG dation of ths Criminal Uv, which had been framed by oae of the best Jurists in England—has sanely psuei be yond «b midsl attjee. Toe toman has beea notable for eereral per sonal ovests of importaaca, of waieh the resignation* of Earl Dorbr tad Etd Canarvon, in conseqaence of a difference of opbaoo with the Prcanier on hisEasten policy are the chief. Few auaistriss coall Btteatood fim aaaer aoasriow t defa> tkNt at so critical a time, bat partly by his skafol aeketio? of the Mar,uis of SaasYuy at Miaister of Fom^a Affiant, tad At omrOliagneu of the Lihetal party to harass the Government in ths then postaie of affairs ia Euope Earl Betoeasield msjuced to weather the storm. The efforts of the Liberal leader*, however, to challenge ths policy <rf the GonrnaM?t when they thoagat tkey could safely do so is the interests of die cosatry hare beea anything bat a brilliant stccm. Tke fact is that throaghoMt Ae farina thsre has beeaevi deacs of dMsefwina ia Ae Liberal ranks, amaysf the party «i^er approna^ of the fonatga policy of the Ministry or being detnmiatd aot to weaken A? UOTenau?t at a tiaw whea it was buihswij for ri^Hsamua to show a bold sod onited front to Ae world. The liberal leaden htve exhibited the vtatof ttetaaiof t iriaitu policy on thai a^aestioa Thm, whaa they rbaTlrawJ Ae action of Ae British naraaattlfvas «t Bsdia, Asy coartod dofaat ia the Hoaas aad paiaed ao sapport ia As ssaaUj, becsast they whb aaaa??and to ajsrnat aay atafsnUs line<a?«oaitactr Thtoachthefoficjof ths iiiiaisiaii?Jii?iirt As aaloaaesof Kag kadwasaenr awre narsmri??l ia Earoae than bow, aad As Ea^kh people haw every ressoa to lejosM that a sbsbob which opeaed aand the dm of arspsntua f or war ! JaiacAo??dwithAaalaa^vaV^orao?C*. j So. Axthoxt Hcwun «31 he tiihii beted ae — mi—liiuwaaehoamlj Gowar. who aiwhur^ tke Aatim «f Ida ofiee ia Snth AHtnto with sot totj mach u |i«iw wrf T«y Iftrie to fcne. He had. peedfiar viawa «• tiw4aetrMeof tree tn&m;, amiwm m mmthrnitai if Mt aduenat ofpoMrt of Jot* StMct HOI nptdu^ the fur iiw fill f ■wrif Irn <rf t iliik i! f mwy. Be b aov t a* oat naian am mm, tfe Oovanoc df liaaika W« kn« li&tiri; tfm • ncaa* AaawtcaQrf Ida toSir lfickaal Hiet. niVwh to.atkaf lUrch,lB7? ia vUA he f^vas • daar aad «m aaaj hope iaqattHlmiroCawtcaaaatr. banrtk tafanaf;«a,aokaaljbacMneaCSixA^k«7 Maf^a«?'a coHMCtiiw with ua, bat hwnn than an fnv wW hMvaajraacaatci kaov- Mca ef &? ida?4 which in the ftimj **y* flf aTSBMaaMe uliwiil g?r«w«? wm RajasaM u om <f At hri?>ta^ gttms of th« Botkh Crowm. Juuin ia not now foaaaaa?i of • Coajati .km. For a, ahott tiaK it ojofiaA thia «fkUi Jwtiartjgay b«? at the iaataaoo o€ Gowerasr Bvn PatfiaaMat pMfstmwl A* happy liajlrl bywnwiHiig Hnh tmf^BBMMB mMBBY JBBatO tlm* Abbe. Bw( 1888 IfMiin has bssa Jtr - t itiiiiiiiirmiir fin Mi H i bf Ae Cim. The «eaaml «fi«WM «fc«* the isW k Art it ii • sort or fam. disc of idle Bagro«a | wfc?«, PP tfr«ahafitis? of sisrwy hate apmttsd «a At not* «"S« estates, aad livsdsa what As las* woald ■pnirtainuMlj yield, lyjr coali tion m tnahsslu?' with that ia the old tkam, whoa aa estate a Juw was > fataa fartaas, aal Ae toned workers wen a?aenteiy eoatoated aal almost loppy, fan beta apia sal a^teoaaht forward as aatraatj scgaaaa?t ajaluat of oar hs?Sfaia?t sat coatty phikatbnpy. Ilk hat too teas Ast 30* white; popektua bat hast fti—Hy fariaat if not raioedby the i—aaiisaiai af Ao <3*ves,balaa advocate of haana rights as (fpacd to d« pniepi may reyaka bat there an bow dOtyODO *- 1 ibji «hwe h?ds ■? aot wckjd h/IheUiHb whip. ThgoH Cadyle indeed bdiovas that farced labor k hatter for kateisrsaess Aa?vobjstery wriM, which ia Abasia other cases «■ a 13s of Isoatmv fc* —-?t«« ■ >ii <-"h—■■*■ -giinmf i«m—il byaa am of the 4tlce fmr ">"**, U it njlas?i «a excess of labor WBB* WStend A? taith With IMB «f blood. It do? u* look wall for the asrfset nnmidaias of 8k Anthony Mopan^ views ssoat Jhm, to which he ha. bssa aonesattr iamidacial, As* he sttona?iaa. mj BalaamU bbj Atfttajaf the eslsay. Befnaf to ananpwnattiaa? a?h, ha tells AeGoloaklOme? Aat "thfii inifrr Ae Batatas*da* to As aristsfcan saris! %MC Ml aw?9Waa* B*a^?Bm pnH^a • * *> Wa??> v^fittfc worldly tata aaas?r tots*. IMbbb> ta^att: I>W aTMamaW?^ataa^BT ataWt «19aa^Ba1toa^BaV a^af theoatoayto be ■tterif haaala«,tl« Oa bntocfle, aal the BMfb Inbai aal *av faoaeat, they wifi «hw atlawtaflM far ia mtmeat." Thoahiag?aAAadaf naaiaft «atory rfthi. Mai 11 L thwagh lh« •■i. tte ftsM mm Imm omi to tai mgg iggi faptHMaV irf «Vb aM&BLT; flaV Vbamaas Xakaaaa^LafeM IV^aa^^a?al L^ *M ja? j f7BaW«m •W^HaVI aalOaVaHnHft |?y jHa^HaaV1 ■BB,««itto^ja^g««lMrib«Bi«MMi at it > aot Oa> dwt thaan has haia •> bj the Ftaat «ai Che CriaaaW «C aWfaaatoai «?■<!■■<■ >ni baaa wy fcal%—l, tetheafca that Cam* jgmmmmm. km hmOj aaa^BaaaM^thftt Ac «KtoJ**jMaa hmt tbe«griealtoni ialuart i? lalaaJ, Hal theSav^Ba^a^aaaitawaeba?ajwiih toWi that it ii a daoajwi oeiaay, *a^af af pet^lana?j/at whkh the aM&?f k naWeaainajai.- Bat ttHaatataDam* prohKhfethat thMW?Watthe |Tiii Hat otheafabjaoaM— irir. To«^ha?«V? note cKtnaNs aad aanrarjr atanaaas ff pdfie aaai «a the fJatfuai qraaww a\? dinaar-tehkv ar the aasas panMa^aV?laMii CratHriMr^nttea toiao aa the Am% at the actaal nev tahaaof theeaaaitia?af It aeons to at dae ie «bat Sar Aathoagr Maaosfchasbeea4aJ?g. fflat«m«iMni aOla bat Aafc they an ahani byaaMa/ht aot b/BMBt«C ths BqjUhaMa who axa then. Tbeetamldiiftflf the liiiiUJim tht the p«a>icU of Taaielca have beaa g?? wwally BaK oase^ saMafeoainttj ur gaaap^ yam pMt, Mai that a fail wiliiu wmmm* in the Cataxe. la iiiiaine with a& tha BonifltO? idaaa* af Aa Wa* biaw <ho tzoodyCvsaf?Toitirattaa. A.goo£tal at{.iimiaiilj hani wwrkaaaW aaaaaoaab/ fcaxainf an has to fca 4amj ia the fiaa?V tioBBV •ai Ae -irtimri SMdt of taaJaal thatwoKk. Bat the fact &> Aat Aa «M«aa ct Juanea lad km goo* as for httf * ceauirr.aaditwai w^oaavMaily Au ■Ml shock. The haaat iao lagaiil toa? •ad Aat imwwrfy, tram «*rthfaaraa ntpra to Ae decSana; aafi iaiilij fcy the mboHAmtmtia IBAS-18S1 of the«a% fwwilial Aoaai oa aaaax. SSnoe Aat Aaa) vazioaa efforfa fec*a haai aaafe to min ft with bat partial oaoceam. Star Bartaaj ehowa, ho?c««r, Aat if Ae fiiajiutkj af ■haaaear aiaaaatahae aotbooa mryaaaat other natneeta. 99ae casiotta of cwfttam iimwaul ia valae bwtaiaaa lfiTl aal 16ft fnam £!47jKS to CmjglH, Aoteef!« wood fnaa CUMSS to &K;?9?, Aaw of BHteato fraak £S6>a74 to CSw^S^ Aoa? «t feat fnam £9^898 to JtSajSOR, aal Aoae at fnaa eujmuiMjasi. unn Ae total nka> of Aaas aai aoaw ajaf tiXfmU wae 0880^000^ ao afinor gTiajOBOV Afevalaaof Aa aaaat ami raaiexaattol. It k to daar Aat JwMfet it aat Mr ii lj iaf, aiiaiij Ma aagai I aili>aliaM ae hiirta fan. fiwerjr ciraaaj aaaaa to laamAa UmthmtitH*«rloa?tf mat aairifci to Aeataaleaaaiaptaai At aloaa. bwal be wc? for aa ftm Soath A*atceli? whsm w? ham ieatat to wiylaa) airiaeiirlf <mwhaat by Ae Qnaw of Jaawaia *• ?■*■ tfvWw?^aaaai????a?i BaaT ab?bblbbls?bl Ataf BaMMCtwV UaV I BBfIMV Datt ttft iMSaBwaW Ml WBBW w? *^*W BBAaWBaVBi BB BBWaBBttBBaBBBB. BaftlVM? ?Bw BBBflt ■ fi*"Bft BBBal. ftaMBBBBBBam CaBBBaV UW BBwHafwaM. 1B5BBBBBBJB; a?w?m aaaai«w«B?aP?M?fc atoMaaaaa, 4^MOto£l7JoOO; aa——l ■>-> tnam £3^ooo to !■*■!_ a ?**j£,M> 4a £SJBOQ, teoA cuciaaa? na CIJUHU to £oooo. HaajD fpana ateaaty iaftio?te a> "^. l i^!naa.atT r al:TT Sri | flj it bmt be caxnal aa aaeat aaaftalir. Fkat/of kher ia to la Mtfar ia.«l.«. aiyTa?* *t that nto with paaf anilaai daaaVaate WM at?^B??waTtiaawft 4af •■VBIFfIiB Baa> |Hh? ianl Ahoat thai we af? aat aaw, bat we «e Atte awl to* AefeaaatthaT oar whitW Oawaaar Aat Aa iwalhiiaiat Jaaanamataatkdf at bad. at at ajaji—l aMlrthoaghttobo. heal* «f t£ tm- fe? Or--. ***•£ ■ wM— hiWIL ta?^^theaJta* ing id the horrible, which seems to be cha racteristic ofeomenewspaper correspondents. She matter, however, is far too serious for jesting, end if the rumors thus industriously circulated be indeed unfounded, an offence against literary morality of the grayest land has been committed, and one that can?ot be too strongly deprecated. The position -of tike Austrians in Bosnia is seemingly anything but an enviable one. With & hostile Moslem population around them they have had, if the telegraphic accounts are to be believed, to encounter the danger of mutiny in their own ranks. Three regiments, it is stated, refused to obey orders, and were promptly decimated according to the Austrian military law. Even this terrible example, however, seems to have had .little effect upon the muti % Deere; for the executions had to be renewed, * -and the remainder ef the men were finally «ent back as prisoners to Austria. Such, conduct in the face of an enemy v some * thing' extraordinary in the annals of European warfare; and the statement requires confirmation before its truth is -absolutely accepted. This mutiny would ha -particularly alarfning at the oresent juncture, as the relations between Austria ■and the Porte are by no means friendly. IThe - Sultan has not yet signed the ■convention for the occupation of the provinces, and great military preparations continue to be made \- *t Constantinople, and several battalions of Turkish troops have openly joined the Bos mans, which rather looks as if the Turks "were preparing for resisting the dedeion of the Congress with respect to the Austrian -occupation. The change of Ministry in Egypt, by which Mr. Rivera Wilson is jilaced at the head of the Financial Depart ment, and the management of affairs is taken out of the hands of the Khedive, is favorable to the interests ef the foreign bondholders, -and it is to be hoped that Mr. Wilson may succeed in pringing -order out of chaos by unravelling the tangled web of the Egyptian finances. 33ie dagger of the assassin which, like the Bword*over Damocles has been so long sus pended above the chief of the Russian secret police, has fallen Dpon him at last. General Mesenzoff was probably about the best hated man in fiussia, and it 3s not surprising that his ftfismmins have escaped, as they would be shielded by the populace. Assassination, however great toe excuse, is always a dastardly crime; it is to hoped, therefore, that the murderers of the general may be brought to justice, and meet with the 'penalty due to their deed. Mr. John Hodsfciss, J.P, and Dr. A* Campbell are candidates for seats in the Legis lative Council. -; The match between the Australians and Steven-of lVancashire has resulted in adzaw, the play having been interrupted ky rain. This is the more disappointing aa there was a fine display of cricket on both sides. Several petty thefts have lately been committed at Gawler, and an increase of the local police force is asked for. It was stated in our issue of Friday that the size of the new United Methodist Free Church at Bumside was 30 ft. by 25 ft It •hould have been 43 x 33 ft. The name of Mr. A. B. Murray was mentioned instead of Ur. A. 8. Marrayin oar report of tbe dinner following the Show at Crystal Brook. We are glad to learn that the Hon. John Cotton is recovering from a somewhat seven: attack of erysipelas. On Sunday evening he •aa decidedly better. We have received from, the publisher Mr. B. 2>. Boss's reply, delivered in the As eemUy on the Bth inrt, and reprinted at the Jteyttter Printing Office, to the Treasurer's • Dr. Hamflton has resigned the appoint ment of Medical Officer of tie Wallaroo tTnaiif al According to the local |ra^rfir he in tends proceeding to Kapunda, where he will succeed Dr. Benner. At the last meeting of the Gawler Town Council it was decided, says the B*?&,tbat if mat?aeattaa?a could be raised £or the purpose file Gawler Oaat-of-Arms should be erected 5n 4he centre, an top of the new Council Chambers, between the two vases now being placed there. A young man named Win. Jones, living in Curne-street, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday night, August 17, «uSer isgjrom* fractured kg. A boy named Peter Zgrachwai also admitted on the same evening, anflVring from a broken collar- bone. Both aoadeote -were caused by falls. jQie lambing1 season in the South- East is dowaunpstover. Theflterssys:—"Fromwhat weeangntherwebelieneit baa been very good. 33ie general average is estimated to be from 75 to tO per xmt In some cases the percentage ins been as high as 95, bat this has be an under exceptionally favorable circumstances, and upon fine pastoral lands." ait is currently reportedy eays the Srwrrae Mtrtdi, "that Mr. Bimon Fiaser, one of'the representatives of Bodney, contem plates resigning his seat shortly. Mr. Fiaser baa been for scene time past ia South Australia, attending to the railway contract in which he is interested, and it is stated that he intends taking up has residence in that colony until the -contract is completed.'' ' The South-Eadern Star reports that Archdeacon Matryst, accompanied by the Bev, Frascu Hoctor, arrived at Mount Gambler on August 15, by the mail coach from Narracoorte. He visit c£ tbe'Archdeacon j* to provide for minf?fratipM at Bobe, Kingston, Penola, Hana ' «ootte,and MHUceat, so that tbeae towns will not h> future require the attendance of the in -csmbentai; *jf.s>flf?it Gambier. . This afternoon the foundation-stone of tbe New German Club-House will be laid by Mr. F. Baaedow, ILP. In the evening a dinner will be held at the Hotel Europe. The plans for the beading have been prepared by Mr.G. R. Johnson, of Melbourne, the supervising architect is Mr.L Joachimi,and the contactor Mr. Charles Farr.t Toebuflding was begun on July 1, and Is in a very forward state. The Club has existed since 1854 and has now over 300 members. Services in connection with the anniver sary of -the Presbyterian Chnnsh at Honarto -were conducted on Sunday, August lL by tbe Pastor, the Bev. A. Law. On tie following -Tuesday tea and public meeting* were held. At the poblic meeting the Pastor presided, and the Bev. & WeJUiagfam (Primitive Methodist) ■deliyered an appropriate address. A service of acred «wg was very efficiently uade?d by tbe <boir, Mies Lur presiding at the harmonium. Hierewasa Urge attendance at the services on bath.4m.j?. The members of the Port Adelaide Working-Ken's Associstis? and 4he members of tbe fia>mfm Ja Cnion wiU celebrate their anni veEsariesto^ay. Tbesearganiations have com tnaedfiolar aa the sports for the day ace coa «emkd,and a capital programme has been pre pared. The sports will be held on the vacant ground near the Gasworks, at Bosewater Probably the most interesting event of the day wfll be the;* tug of war" between 12 member* «fthe Warkmg-MenV theasma number of the Seamen's Union. The pro jgfaipn? of apartomaybe seen in our advertising colnnips. •"We have been informed," writes the mdOaroo liauM, "that the engine and trucks intended ior She Wallaroo and Port Wakefield aid tie Wallaroo and Baranga lines arrived Rceutlyfrom England, and were forwarded to Bsct WakefieM for the purpose of being put together. We are quite at a loss to account for *PM.tro*aeaing, because, leaving &e; cost for ??^?#e*o that place and back again out of the qaejmvjbt is snanifesHy unfair to take work «rtisaas ?ho are as well able to execute itastiboseofPortWskefield.'' ""s"3CttB? tnsLl!l!L>?^n^ ™ SSlis. Brown and "UM"Jy*?y? tSmba yard in waymouth-street, opposite Bunbfe BuaaWs, on Sunday after- ZZSs^SFg m>H?t'6 <^>«*- Mr.Jas. VfdtoeftJ|o,U Bed was speedily on the spot, anddiefanieswereredueedina few minntes the only damage done being fte rfi^^. of •d^aV ;wjMs- T^^erintsndentof Fire &&^&&Jr; «4*?n> ortiiree «^maddi?ontoflistmeneoned, were also onc£e spot witiun a bnef periodic thecom mmumneatol die fire, which it i.«n rt w f>ff i Trri caused by some yonfts who were «a?4o hiVj been seen smoking behind the timber. The Coroner has been communicated with and an enquiry will be held. The installation of officers of the Red Cross Knights Tjodge No. 42. LO.<J.T.,took place at Ooombe's Hall. Bowden, on August 13. Bro. O. Bennett, D.G.W.C.T., having accepted office as WJF.S., requested Bro. G. Wright, DJ>G.W.C.T., to instal the officers as follows: -W.C.T, G. W. Dodson ; W7V, B. J.Coombe; WJ3, B. B. Ooombe ; W.C.—Thomas: WJFJ3., C. Bennett; W.T., W. Bradshawe; WJT, — Fern; WAG., — Wilson; W.OXZ.,— Stokely; WJELH.S., Sister Booker; WX..HJ3., Sister Nicholas; "WAS., Bro. W. Tolly; WJ>JI, — Nicholas; P.W.C.T., J. Beynolds. The Lodge is steadily gaining members and is free from debt, having a small balance in band. The following is Saturday morning's weather report otTthe Adelaide and Port Dar win Telegraph line:—Beltana, wind light, cloudy; Strangways Springs, fresh,clear, fine, cool; Peake, fresh, dear, fine ;Charlotte Water*, strong, clear, fine, cool; Alice Springs, fresh, clear, fine, pleasant; Barrow Creek,strong, dear, fine, cool; Tennant Creek, strong, d-ar. fine, cool: Powell Greek, strong, dear, fine, cool; Daly Waters, fresh, dear, fine, cool; Katherine, calm, clear, fine, warm; Pine Creek, fresh, dear, fine; Tarn Creek, calm, clear, fine, pleasant; Sonthport.calm,clear,fine, warm;Port Darwin, light, dear, fine, pleasant. A serious accident occurred on board the Pakwan at Wallaroo on Friday, August 16. The Ssteireporte— u One of the bands was engaged in clearing away some coal and lumber, in order to make room for taking in copper. There were some cases of galvanized iron stacked close to where he was at work, and these he appears to have undermined, when they gave way and fell towards him. He immediately jumped to one side, but in doing so he tripped against a piece of dunnage and fell, and one of the cases came en his right foot and ankle, crushing them fright fully. The unfortunate fellow was at once re moved to the Hospital, when he was attended by Dr. Hamilton. On examination it was found that the injuries he had received were of such a character as to preclude all possibility of saving the leg. The limb was consequently amputated by Dr. Hamilton, assisted by Dr. Jay." In the latest issue of the Wallaroo Time* if j. gfmtWl "rtmf * Binnllrrirmnnt.lll^ ?tii/.li shows the extraordinary sagacity sometimes possessfid by dogs, took place at Mr. Trinidad's, who resides at the Cross Roads, near Moonta. His little child, about a twelvemonth old, was in the garden accompanied by an UngUA terrier, when the dog suddenly seeing an adder about to spring at his companion instantly leaped at the child and knocked it down, the reptile passing over it as it fell. To attack and kiu the adder was, to the faithful animal but tile work of a moment; unfortunately, however, it was bitten in doing so, and died shortly afterwards. Mr. Trinidad always set a very high value on tbe dog, and deeply regrets its loss, tie more particularly as it lost its life in uving that of the child." The rainfall between 9 ajn. on Friday ■ and the same hour on Saturday is registered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0170 Beltana .„ 0100 Tti;,,.?.ii ... oiBo Melrose .„ 0560 Laura... ... 0240 Jamestown ... 0420 Gladstone ... 0160 Georgetown ... 0160 BedhOl ... 0-170 Koonaga ... O«00 Clan 0540 Auburn _. 0-190 Biverton ... 0-3TO Wallaroo ... o-000 Kadina ... OOSO Overland Cor_. 0100 Blancbetown... 0090 Kapunda. ... 0-140 Tanunda ... 0230 Gawler .„ 0090 Mannum „. 0170 Mt. Pleasant... 0390 Gumeracha ... 0100 lit. Torrens ... 0-300 Koarlunga ... 0195 Mt. Barker ... o*3o Stratbalbyn ... 0-290 WOlunga ... 0-290 KormanvUle... 0 245 Buda ... ... (rOIO Streaky Bay ... OOtO Port Lincoln ... 0110 Cape?orda ... o*l7o Kingscote „. 0100 CapeJervis ... 0-150 Port Elliot ._ 0-324 Goolwa ... 0120 Meningie ._ 0010 Kingston ... 0-220 MountGambier 0000 Bobe ... ...0160 Narracoorte ... 0390 Penola ... 0230 Millicent ... 0415 A case of sudden death is reported by the Eudunda correspondent of the Bttuyip, writing on August 11: —On Sunday last Frede rick Hints, farmer, of Australian Plains, re ported to Police-trooper Brown, at Eudonda, -mat his son Louis, aged 15 years, bad been found dead on a sofa where he was in the habit of sleeping at 7 o'clock that morning. An in quest was held tbe following day by Mr. J. fifr?*TW'f?p t J.P. From evidence Wn'iiftJ it &p;~ peared that the direased bad bean ailing, and bad complained of a sore throat for several days, but nothing serious was anticipated until Saturday night, when be was worse, and bis father and mother sat up with him until mid night, when be went to sleep, and supposing him better they retired to rest, but {bund him dead next Dr. Pf <TJTftig* r* JfcMr**W*Wl*>>*M^ the body, and gave it as his opinion that diph theria was the cause of death. A pott-wurtem examination being considered unnecessary, the Jury, after a brief deliberation, returned a ver dict of death from natural causes, and that no Uame was attached to the parents. Respecting the Millicent cattle-stealing case, the fiauA-'Easttm. Star says—" Events have given an entirely different oomplexioo to the charge agamat O. F. Sbeppeazd and W. H. Sheppesrd, father and son, at the Millicent Pokce Court of killing a cow, the property of Mr. George Manhood, with tbe intent to steel Our readers will *^**i«w??li«w tfiat the evidence tended to tbe belief that a roan cow belonging to Mr. Manhood had been slaughtered by the accused peraons, that the careaa* bad been felo niously taken away by them, and chat the hide had been discovered planted near a track lead ing from their bouse. We learn that Mr. Manhood*e cow has since been found, and that the bide discovered has been identified by Mr. Job Clark, batcher, of Mulicent,M belonging to a mitring cow owned by him. Mr. Truman, of Mount Gambier, received a letter yesterday from his eon, stating that the cow Mr. Manhood had lost has been found, and that the brands and description of the bide in the possession of the police correspond with those of a missing animal owned by Mr. Job Clark. It is only justice to the Messrs. Sbeppeard to say that Mr. Clark has no suspicion that they have been guilty of feloniously slaying his cow." "Some months ago," says the Melbourne Argus, *an agitation ~jra« *????"'■"?""■?'* for reci procity of admission of barristers of New South Wales, Queensland, and Victoria. In Queensland there is a rule by which Victorian barristers can be admitted thete so soon as Queensland barristers can be admitted here. Tbe Judges of this colony have adopted the following rale and forwarded it to the Attorney- General, by whom it has been laid befowParlia ment:—'Whereas it is expedient to promote n ciprocity in the matter of admission to the Bar in the Colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, it is ordered as follows:—Any per son duly admitted to practise as a barrister in the Supreme Court of Hew South Wales or Queensland shall be *n*MoA to be «^????**^* to practise as a barrister in tbe Supreme Court of victoria upon the tikp tar■■,■«? ??.nii i****?i^it^otw s>nri payment of the like fees respectively as those upon which any person who shall have been duly admitted to practise as a barrister in the Supreme Court of Victoria shall for tbe time being be entitled to be admitted to practise as a barrister in the Supreme Court of New South Wales or of Queensland respectively.— ( Signed) WnxiAK F. Statoix, Bbdkokd Babby, Boot. MOLKSWOBTH." The 6parrow6 are beginning their ravages in the gardens about MountGambier. At the time of their importation into this colony it was supposed they would prove a great blessing to the f ri iil** in the ffr^"'"ll* **™?* do «o much mischief both to vegetables and fruit toees. The SouA'EatUr* mar writes—"One gentleman spoke tons ucentiy about the great annoyance be experienced from them, inasmuch ssiienad sown peas, and as soon as the young plants began to appear above geouna the feathered creatures would pull f*f?™ all up, and they have also paid the same attention to other gardens in tbenefghborbood. Ofcooraethu is very annoying to any one endeavoring to produce a nice dish of peas, and the gentleman in ques tion was very wrpih indeed. The nnisance has become so alarmingly great that something ought to he done to keep them within bounds, as every year their numbers are bo mnch in creased. This """""a season fruit- grawcu may expect to suffer immensely from weir ityytiiri iave bills, for their ennosity or cupidity gene rally leads them to thrust their beaks into the ripe fruit about which insects may be located, and thus destroy much more thanttieir legitimate prey. They have themselves become very toad of fruit, and prefer a fruit diet to any other during the season." On Saturday evening, August 17, his fellow-employes entertained Mr. T. <J. Brown, who is leaving the srtah?staa*sit of Messs. D. and W. Murray, at a dinner, at the Imperial Hotel. Mr. J. Gordon and Mr. B. Besrje, the resident representatives of the firm, ware present, together with sAoat SS members of the various warehouse departments. Mr. Bjnowles. who occupied the chair, proposed the health of Mr. Brown, and referred to the Ugh esteem in which hewas held. Hiseflabilityandgeneality during tie 18 years be bjulbeea in the employ mentof Means. W.fc D. Murray rendered his intercourse with tfaeotiher hands of thepleassntest sdnd,andon their behalf be presented him with a. gold watcto and chain of tbe value of 70 guineas. Mr. Blown, in responding, expressed his deep sense of the kindness of bis Ute fellow-workers, and hoped that their mutual friendship would not be broken by his leaving. Mr. Skatbaway, (lie Vice-Chairman, having proposed the health of m33ib Finn of D. & W.Matxay/' Mr. Gordon acknowledged that they regretted losing Mr. Blown, but were sure that the integrity and business habits that had made him valuable to them would win him success in the old established business he had joined. Mr. Sevle •be bore testimony to Mr. Brown's toot and other good qualities, which had seeored him the friendship of his employers, of the other hands, and what was even mote difficult to gain, of every customer. Subsequently, in addition to the usual toasts, the healths of Mr. Brown's successor, Mr. Touug, and of Host field, who was until lately a traveller in the employ of the firm, were cordially drunk. A tew songs aUo added pleasure to the proceedings. On the case of the presentation-watch a monogram is effectively engraved, composed of the letter* "T. 6. B." and the dome has the following in scription, "To T. G. Brown—A. souvenir from bis friends at I?. &W.; Murray's. August, 1878." A correspondent of die Narrncoorte Herald, living in the Hundred of Joyce, writes— "Moat of the farmers have finished sowing, but a few will keep on till the end of the week. Aa this is a moist climate it is thought that late sowing will answer. However, experience will Drove whether it will or not. The crops are looking promising, and if the present favorable weather continues we may expect to reap a splendid harvest. On taking a quiet ride through the hundred I find that about SO selec tors together have managed to sow an average of sixty and seventy acres per head, m^'ng over 8 000 acres under wheat. It is a surprising fact that notwithstanding all the drawbacks we have experienced throughout the tilling season that so much baa been pat under crop, and no one looking at the country two years ago would have believed that so much timber would be cleared in such a short ttme. At least a third more would have been cleared If so many bullocks had not died through a disease which attacked than in rammer time. The high price of hone-feed m also a drawback. However we are still, with few exceptions, abort of the complement required by the band Act; and I may say that it is impossible to comply with the Act in a country like this except at a loss. Compelling a selector to cultivate one fifth of his or her selection every year does very well in the northern areas, where the treble plough can be need for faUowing«tand where the farmer can feed his horses with a plentiful supply of grass through the winter, not having to pay £7 per ton for indifferent chaff as we have to do; and where the clearing of every acre costs us £3. The Government ought to make a distinction with country like this, and reduce the compulsory clauses to one-tenth instead of one-firth, at least for the first three years." Some extensive alterations have just been completed in the warehouses of Messes. liux moore fcfOo, in Gilbert-place. About three monnsago the firm found that toe aooommoda tion at their command was not sufficient to meet the requirements of their business, and a eon tract was let to Mr. B. Huoksoo for the necessary alterations. It will be remembered that there were two onesUay buildings adjoining one another, and these have twin knocked into one, rendering this part of the building—which i* to be devoted to the sale of hides and aidus—very commodious. Tbe dimension* are about 60 feet by 66 feet. Then another story had to be added to the bonding, and this part bat been earned oat is a bighly *a£?£aetocy manner. As the sales of wool were to be held in this room it was necessary that the light and the ventilation should be of a superior character, and tbe architect, Mr. E. H. Bayer, baa thoroughly met the requirements. By the judicioas Bhang of snmerous akyUgbU a light which will at no time be too strong but always subdued—will be obtained, and the faculties provided for the inspection of the wool samples are excellent. The ventilation also is of a most complete riiaranter. There are other slubt improvement*, amongst which are a hydraulic lift to the opper story, and an or dinary life capable of raising about cue ton weight. On Saturday afternoon a few gentle men, at the invitation of Mr. Huekson, attended at the saleroom to formally open the boilding. The contractor, in handing over the keys to Mr. EnfaUng, one of the firm, proposed the toast of "LuxmoonlCo." He expressed his fratinea tion at the speedy manner in which be had been enabled to carry out the building, and at the courtesy he bad received at the hands of the firm. Mr. Stihliagbanwrecpoadcd, the health* of the architect and of the contactor were drunk iri**i itithnniasm In a previous issue we described some experiments with the telephone, microphone, and phonograph, which took place at Mr. A. W. Dobbie's private residence, Col- lege Town. On Friday evening last, August 16, we were present at a private exhibition, and although there was nothing that could strictly speaking be described at new, yet as Mr. Dobbie has introduced several important improvements in the working of all these instruments, a few details as to the experiments may not be with out interest. The weather during Friday was rather unfavorable for experiments largely dependent on atmospheric influences for their success, but towards evening these un favorable symptoms disappeared and the in- struments were in fair working order. Although the telephone is being introduced into several of our large wholesale houses in the place of speaking tubes, and is thus getting to be known, yet to the majority it is still an unfamiliar instru- ment. In Mr. Dobbie's front room their are fitted up two telephones and a microphone, while in an adjoining room there is placed the phono graph. To the telephones there is attached a wire half a mile long. The greater portion of this length is coiled up alongside the telephone; then it is carried through the house, across the back garden, and terminates in a green-house, with two other telephones attached to this end. Two of the visitors were sent to the end ia the green-house, while Mr. Dobbie and the rest of the party took charge of the other end, ends being changed during the evening. Con versation was easily kept up between the two parties, songs were sung, and not only the name of the song but also the name of the singer was heard. This raised a laugh, and a young lady at the other end said she detected her father's laugh amongst the rest. These and other experiments were fre- quently repeated, and always with success. Then the microphone was called into service. This is an instrument which transmits sounds imperceptibly, and is rather dangerous to have about the bouse, as by means of it you can hear what is passing in another room, the speakers being wholly unaware of the fact. An intima tion was sent to the other end that the house party were about to use the microphone, and the results were really astonishing. Mr. Dobbin just whispered over the instrument that he was speaking in a low voice, and instantly the very words he employed came back by the telephone. He next went into the centre of the room being about six feet from the instrument, and spoke in an ordinary voice, and the exact words came back as before. He went still further away and a like succesful result at tended. One of the visitors struck the piano and instantly it was answered that a novice was touching the piano. Then a visitor walked across the apartment, and it was stated that some one was crossing the room. Verses were sung, whistling was indulged in, and nu merous other fanciful expedients were resorted to, and each and all were eminently successful. Another delicate experiment was tried. A large number of flies had been trapped during the day in a Yankee fly-trap. These were placed under a glass and then alongside the microphone,and it was stated from the other end that there was sound as of bees buzzing, the noise being made by the movement of the flies inside tbe glass. A very fine hair pencil was gently drawn across the stand on which the microphone rested, and the noise through tbe telephone seemed as if some one was gently rubbing on the stand. An adjourn ment was then made to the other room, where the phonograph was placed. The peculiarity of this instrument is that it treasures up all that it hears, and is ready at once or at any future time or place to repeat all it has heard in the very words of the speaker. We are un able without the employment of scientific terms and the help of diagrams to describe its appear ance. Suffice it to say that the sounds are conveyed to it by means of a funnel, and that something like the hammer of a piano marks the sounds on a cylinder covered with tinfoil, and that by turning a handle the cylinder revolves and the sounds the instrument has heard are repeated in the same tone as that in which they were uttered. The discovery is yet in its in fancy, and is not by any means perfect, but still the results on Friday were remarkable. Lines of songs and exclamations were given, and kind enquiries were asked and replied to with more or less distinctness. Some of the visitors could distinguish every word, but others were not so fortnuate; still all heard enough to satisfy them as to the thorough genuineness of the dis- covery. TJte Pnpieme Court will at tibia morning in Bsnoo and is Bquoy. We have received Word* of Grace for the present month. The annual meetiur of tbe South Aus tralian Cricket OlnbwUl be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. A meeting of die Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company is to be bald at White's Arbitration Boom this afternoon to cjofirm the resolution prevkmabj passed to increase tbe capital of the Oompsny. The foundation-stone of a German Cluh- House. to be built in Pins-street, is to be laid this afternoon. It is stated that a proposition is under consideration for the amalgamation of the various Jockey Clubs in the North. The Oriental Exhibition at the Exchange Boom, Town Hall, attracted a large number of visitors but week, especially on Saturday. A meeting of the Adelaide Muff Cricket Club is to be held at the Bed Lion Inn, Bundle-street; this evening. A billiard match for £50 a side ie to be played at the Globe Saloon this evening between Mr. Albert White and Mr. H. A. Alben. The Government hare given the Com mittee of the Eight Hours Demonstration, Port Adelaide, permission to use Torrens Island for a picnic on September 2. There was a very pood attendance at White's Boons on Saturday evening to witness the pleasing and clever entertainment of Bain ford's Ghost and Petite Comedy Company. To-night there will be an entire change in tbe programme. The Rev. Charles Clark will commence his northern tour to-day, tmgiiiTiitig with Gawler aud concluding with PortPirie. Hitherto no eminent artiste has thought it worth his while to visit the northern areas; butMr.Olark occupies an exceptional position, and his extra ordinary success in Adelaide will doubtless obtain for him an enthusiastic reception. "Charles Dickens" and "Westminster Abbey" are the two lectures which have been selected for the entertainment of up-country audiences. At the conclusion of bis tour Mr. Clark will give an other series of lectures in Adelaide. Shakespeare's "Henry VIII." was again performed at the Boyai on Saturday evening. In point of attendance it was not a million night, nor perhaps is tbe play ever likely to command a protoacted run. The farce and broad comedy which attract the masses of play goers are absent, as are scenes of deep tragedy. Priestcraft and political intrigue arc tbe main features of the play, which is chiefly attractive, therefore, toe reflective and cultivated audience. That of Saturday evening was emphatically such, and was evidently well pleated, and tbe decorum maintained was singularly creditable. Mr. Creswick was at home and efficient thraogh out as Cardinal Wdsey, and in the culmination ef bis career, aged, and broken down by the mortification of disappointed ambition, caught the feeling of tbe whole house. King Heury was not well portrayed by Mr. Lawrence. The dignity of the imperious asonarch was mani festly absent, and an nttecaace' savoring of txovindalism and a T—"nrir rather rollick ing detracted considerably from the effect of a chief actor in the play. Bat Mr. Holloway as tbe Duke and Earl, and Mr. Beynolds as Cromwell, performed their parts with uMzoeptionable ability. Miss Carry George as Queen Catherine was lifelike, aa waa Miss Maggie Knight as Anne Boleyn. Tbe exertions of both these ladies evoked tbe most cnthusiastie applause. In the death scene of One Qnren, and tbe rendering of ** Angel* enr Bright and Fair" by Miss Lottie GrsJuuu, aided by the subdued and plaintive music of the orchestra, an excellent finish was given to the play. The piece to be presented this ereaiac « -King Lear." The Saturday evening concerts provided by the liberality ef His Worship the Mayor for tbe people of Adelaide save now reached a degree of success which has more than realised the sanguine expectations which were first formed of them. Tbe fifteenth coeoert of the •erics, which was given on Saturday evening. attracted one of the largest and men apprecia tive audience* erer seen in the Town Hall, tbe raom being crowded in all parts. The concert was carried out by tbe Fbilharmonte Society, who presented a tboronghly plsasing and well edected prarannne. which moat bave been enjoyed by aD pretest. One good featwe of the entertainment was the more than atmally largennstoofinstraiaenlalswlecthMs. Besides the organ solos of Mr. lVandeegan, who played with the finish which always CBaracteriseThu performances, Mr. J. Mmride gave, on the violin, a fantasia ef airs from "The Barber of SevUta" wttbeonaJoVsabJesldlland effort. There ■waiflnoawrill iwiili mil nurnoiwoiisolo."! Pmi tani," by Mr.Ktsebe, sad what was still mow DO«el^trioforpiajM)brte.«ia!ia,aa<lviolani!eUo. by Messrs. Undnrgan. Mc?ride, and F. Heed, KJLM. A aotoontheTialonoeUowasgirenby Mr. Beed, who played apices of musk arranged from ."Korsoa," tort although very cleverly done, the performance did not seem to hit tbe fancy of the audience so much at the other in strumental solos. Among the vocalists those who most distinguished themselves were Mns Sparkman and Miss B. Vaadepeer. Tfaeformer sang " Kathleen Mavourneen"witti much sweet ness and pathos, and had to submit to the bom- of aa encore. Miss Tandepesr's nice was heard to advantage in a pretty ballad by Claribe!, "Wont you ten me why, Robin" which she gave wttfc taste and mstwsiuu ; and also in a duet, "O'er tbe hill, o'er the dale,'' TbePbuittmonfc?oe^ •w several operatic and other rhotasM, in all of which they credit eMy acquitted themselves, but there wasa alight want ot vigor and unanimity which marred toe excellence of one or two. TbU was mostnntice eble in tbe "Gipsy Chora*" from the • Bs bemian Girt." Tie. "Gipsy Chora" from " Prectoss" was, howena, completely successful, tbe beautiful mnoe being rendered w^th full ness and power, and tbe chorus pleased the audience so much that it had to be repeated. Two part songs, without orchestral aecompani ment, wcce abw wdl given. Inall tbeeborots* tbe Philharmonic Band played in an efficient manner, and they also gave aa mature effec tively. 