"There's something rotten in the state of " Germany. Two attempts on (be life iof the late JSmperor within a few wee&s; tetoben real danger — some " rank "eorrop- jtion raining all within." ' The troth is, the (attention of all Europe— of the whole civilised world — daring the past eighteen months, has been so engrossed by the pro gress of the war between Bnssia and Tarkey, that the internal politics of the various Continental countries have passed almost . unnoticed. Bnb teener observers have been well aware that, apart altogether from ths complications arteing ont of that (war, there were namerooB and deep-lying causes of disturbance in piore ' than one of jtbe great States. ' Germany, amongst others, has had a most tronblons time of it. Prince BiEilAitCKlias been put to his wit end to know how to deal withthe rations complexities of the situation in. winch he found himself. There is a' widespread potion amongst English readers of the daily journals that the Germte Chancellor is a despot in his way, and wielded almost absolute authority -over both the late Empe ror and the people, and rules the new empire with ail the power, of an autocrat. Now, it is qoitetrne that this is Prince Bib it£BCK6 temper ; bat it is vety far indeed from being, his position. Hie is, for the present, in" the ascendant, but IBs influence |s cbeciked and circumscribed by .fifty diffe rent homes, all acting against the estsblish- 'ment of an individual 'despotism. Germany tea constitntitmly- governad onnntay, and there is a free elective Parliament to be controlled. There are in that Parliament various and conflicting political parties, which haveto be kept inotder.v The twenty- five several States, of which Germany is sow composed, have each its separate Government, and' it requires -almost super human sagacity to reconcile their opposing claims and interests. There have been :fends Innumerable of late between the several minor Governments and thelmperial Administration. Even the late. Emperor, who sever cocdd forget that he was also Ring of Prorate, foqpd himself at times disagreeing seriously with the Chancellor on matters of interna! ppiicy. There were quarrels in the Imperial Cabinet about all sorts of questions — -the maintenance of free- trade, the claims of the Roman Catholics, the enormous war expenditure, the rights of the several minor -Mates, the distribution of pnblic business amongst the various departments, and a jBcore of. other matters besides. There was an election of the ImperitiBarliament at the beginning of last year, and the parties directly opposed to Prince BiBMAECK all stmhgttened their numbers considerably. The ... .'National Liberate hod op till that time been his steadiest supporters, bat they tamed against him, on the ground that the -ineasnree of reform he bad-promised were not being carried into effect. His .col league, Count Eudenberg, quarrelled with him ted was obliged to resign. The Finance Minister, CAMPHAUSEN, similarly had a telling out, and threatened to leave office. The Ultramontane party is gaining ground. And, to crown the -eviisof the eitoation, the Socialist party won several eeate from the Liberals at the last election. Ever since, political affairs have been in a most critical condition. The Chancellor hoa been obliged more than once to tender his resignation on the conventional plea' of ill- health, and to tales long leave of absence at bis estates. At one .time he was. at Varan; again it was at Laoeoberg he was rusticating. Bat daring these temporary disappearances matters did hot Improve in Berlin. Socialism, for one thing, goes ahead. One of ite leaders — a well-known agitator named Heinsch — died at Berlin early in March last, and his loners! was made the occasion of a grand demonstration by his party. Ten thousand men marched in procession, and 500 women joined In the ceremony. Hie Timet correspondent, writing at that date, mentions the ctrcamstahce, ted adds Mthoqgfa orderly and quiet, the funeral amounts to a highly significant demonstra tion of Socialistic sentiment." From all these elements of coufmion, especially the latter, Altera the strong feeling which found expression in attempts on the lite of the late Emperor. What the intended assassins ex pected or hoped to gain for their party by the sovereign's death, does not appear very plain to observers at a distance. Of the two attempts, the .first might have been attributed to insane impulse in the perpe trator," but the second was undoubtedly the deliberate - net -of - a - dotialiatic emissary. The abdication of the Em peror, the 'eatehJishtnent k>f aipgency of the Crown Prince, the convocation of the Imperial Parliament, are all mentioned in the last telegraphic despatch as the results of these complications. Meantime Prince BISMARCK has arrived on the scene. All Berlin is in panic,- and a Socialistic outbreak is apprehended. The Bed Spectteis again on the war path, ted the- tenibleapparition mates thehearta of the Btootrat tremble. It ls imporaibje to foresee or to predict- what may-happen next. ' The utmost'-that can be said is that Germany, at this mo ment, is hovering on the brink of dangers which may result in civil war. In the broad interests-of humanity it is to be hoped that; this will not occur ; bat if it should happen,' then win there be opened a chapter in the his tory of Germany and of Europe which wiU be —lite the deliverance of the sad Prophet of old — "filled with lamentations and mourn ing and woe." Bat there is hope that the abdication of the -late Emperor, and the raising of Iris son to the Regency, will put an end to these disturbances. Prince William is a thorough Liberal , and a stern opponent of .arbitrary role. The best- resnlte may, therefore, flow from the abdi cation of the late Emperor, and the eleva tion of his son to the throne of Germany. But the prospect, nevertheless, is of the gloomiest kind. There is evidently a strong menacing spirit abroad in Europe, apart altogether from the Turkish question; and it is hard to Bay at tins moment what will he the end of . there troubles, or how such complications may eventuate. Thebe have been most zealouB efforts made of late to. persuade the pnblic that the Minister and his colieagnes meditate some thing like treachery in regard to the Educa tion Act. All sorts of warnings. Intima tions, alarms, have been thrown abroad. A plot was being hatched there were sinister designs afoot jMcfapmes-xrare in progress for betraying the dearest Interests of the country into the hands of one particular faction. All this has been trumpeted forth day by day for weeks together. Bat, with their customary sagacity and aound sense, the pnblic have tamed a deaf ear to the alarmists. The Ministerof Edocationhas been allowed logo oh withhisownbnsinessiiihis own way; and the resnlt, as we all see, is the steady extension of the system in all direct 1 Hons. New schools .are arising on every hand; the aggregate number ofchMren in attendance is .increasinjg day by ay ; the solidity of thesyatem as a primary national institution is becoming daffy more com- firmed. These ana the good effects that spring from the refasal of the public mind to be driven about by iavery wind of agita tion, every wave of transient excitement., A single speech of the Minister of Educa tionist the opening of a new /school, puts' to silence a whole host -of gainsayers, and completely dispels all pretext for alarm. We are persuaded that the same excellent quality in the popnlar intelligence of this colony, will attend the coarse of the present Mhiistry eolong as they teep in the track they have marked out for them selves.' It will not be; of the slightest ore for the gainsayers to continue titer little game of endeavoring to get np a succession of scares to fright, the colony from its pro priety. The more frequently they try the plan and fail, .the less disposed will people be to listen to titer representations. It is the bid fable of the shepherd and the wolves illustrated once more. Thelittie game defeats itself. And this broad fact, may just as well be acknowledged by (hose organs of the Opposition which are in the .habit of trying all their best to work up & fresh iscare. They will not succeed in persuading people that the role of the BEBBYMinistry means ruin to the country.. They will fail in indndng people to believe that every source ofnational prosperity is being rapldlydried up, and every area of industrial occopation being rapidly deserted. They will never convince people that the Government are secretly meditating the. overthrow of the Education system. Nor will they bring the entireTcominumty tb -befieve that the coarse of policy adopted by the Ministry is raining the reputation of ' Victoria in the estimation of all Great Britain and the whole world. The " scare " expedient will not do, and there is an endf of it. The calm-judging, sober-minded, and dispassionate popmation-of this colony, will treat with the contempt they deserve all unwarranted representations of im pending danger , for tins country, arising from the alleged misconduct of the men who administer its government. In a word, the popular intelligence is, In all -these cases, the final judge. . The most passionate and prejudiced of political partisans can never rise higher. - Whatever jcommends itself to the reason and judgment of the -mass of the community, that will stand ; whfletall false, unreal, or exaggerated representations — all attempts to get np a groundless scare — will only, bring disappointment and discredit upon their authors. It is joBt as well the Opposition journals should look tins fact straight in th® fce, for the manner in which they have been raving of late abort the Government and titer doings is as fotile as it is childish. The result of the' Gastlemaine election, which took place yesterday, will be bond published in another column. It will to seen that Professor Pearson distanced ell competitors, end that Mr Qaunton. will forfeit his deposit ; money. " The electors of Caaflemalne have made an excellent choice, and one that speaks well for their judg ment. Yesterday morning Mr Brophf, MJA, pro ceeded to Melbourne to wait upon the Attorney. General, with a view to obtain a reprievefor the condemned man, Bicbard Heraghty. Mr Henry Bell, MT..A , also went to Melbourne by the mid day train in charge of -a petitionto his. Excellency the Governor, which sn tignedby shout 260 per sons, asking that the preragatreeot mercy might be exercised in favor of the prisoner. The mayor of the city of Ballarat, who was in tows, accom panied Messrs Bell and Brophy to the Governor. A second document of similar purport wis then put in circulation, and having received about too signatures was forwarded by the late train last evening for presentationfhy Mr Srophy. Previous to ils dispatch, however, a telegram was received to the effect that a meeting -of the Executive Council would be held on Sunday afternoon, at one o'clock, at Government House, to consider the matter. To snpport the prayer of the petition, a meeting waa convened during the afternoon at the MicingExchange, there being abort 100 peiaoua pre sent. The Hon. J. B.Humffray having been voted to the chair, said that many people were of opinion that at the time of the murder the condemned man was not responsible for his actions, and, therefore, while upholding the law, a lighter sentence than that of death would meet the case, and imprison ment for life might be substituted. Then again, a large number considered that the principle of capital punishment was wrong, and justice could be done without taking away human life. He therefore hoped the meeting would show 1U sympathy with the movement to obtain a re prieve for the unfortunate criminal. MrJ. Pounder then moved—" That this meeting f ally sympathises with the, effort! put forth to -obtain a reprieve of the aentence of death pissed on the condemned man Bichard Bixagbty." Mr J. B, Bon seconded the resolution, which was earned -unani mously; audit was resolvedto forward the reso lution to his Excellency the Governor. It may be added that Mrs Heraghty, the mother of the condemned man, seat a petition to the -Governor praying for a commutation «f the teabeao and has received the following reply:— Mel bourne, 3rd - gone; 18181 ---The Pnrate fiecre- tary is directed by the Governor 'to acknowledge the receipt or Mrs Heraghty's letter. of the Slat May, forwarding petition oh behalf Of her son, and to inform ber that the petition will receive at his Excellency's hands every consideration that is due to . it." Heraghty still -preserves , a -uniform de meanour of resignation; but the action , taken to obtain a.ieprieve of his xentenoe is studiously kept, from Ids knowledge, .to prevent Bpy Fupectationa tfaat may not be-reafiseille ; .'0 .-'jXl. ... ' continues to pay devout attention to the miniatra- tisneof bia religions advisers, and appears to be thoroughly penitent. The Minister of Mines will receive a deputation «t Brophy hotel, at twelve o'clock to-day, in reference. -to the. drainage plateau. - c- ' The principals in the White Horse affray were again brought before the City Police Court yesterday, and the respective charges against them read out. Dr. Fyffe, who is attending on Sue Foon at the Hospital, deposed that he was now in a precarious condition, that there was no pro bability of his recovering, and could not therefore be moved. The whole of the cases were adjourned for a week, the bench declining to allow Bower- man (who is charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm on Sue Foon) at liberty on bail, after the medical evidence which had been given. In all the other cases bail was enlarged. A magisterial enquiry was held on Thursday, at the Junction, Wsxrenheip, before Mr J. Smith, J.P., Into the death of the infant child of Patrick Glenane. Hie medical evidence was given by Dr Bnnce, and the magistrate's derision was that death arose from congestion of the brain, ensuing on convulsions and jaundice. An elderly man, named Humphrey Bloomfleld, was admitted into the .Hospital yesterday, suffer ing from a compound fracture of the leg. It ap pears that -on .Thursday he was riding through a paddock-near BaQsn, when bis horse, a yonng one, took fright and backed down a bank, and, falling upon Bloomfleld, caused.the injury mentioned. Or Marr, of Ballan, was promptly in attendance, and dressed the leg, after which the snfferer was brought in to the Ballarat Hospital. An unfortunate tanatiC named Patrick CehiU, who has been wandering about in the bush near Ballan for the past week, was brought before the City Police Court yesterday -and -remanded for medical treatment. The poor creature presented a pitiable aspect in court, being in such an emaciated condition that he was 'unable to walk. Owing to the existing regulations he could not be removed to the gaol hospital, bat had to be taken back to the City lock-op. It was thought at one time that he wouid die, but .last night we ascer tained that he was improving. ; Oar Lesnnanth correspondent writes: — "Dr Hooper, who. has been established here for the past nine years, and who is abont to leave the colony to enter upon a lucrative practice in England, has dispoaed of the good- wjll of his practice here to.Dr Edmnnd Fife Garrett Bntier, of St. Kffda. The new-comer takes possession of the same premises Is were occupied by his predecessor, and com mences his professional duties forthwith. During their'; several years' residence here both Dr .and Mrs Hooper have' made a large circle of friends and acquaintances, many of whom sincerely regret their departure, the duly gratifying feature being their entering upon brighter prospects in the mother- country. The doctor was a member of the school board of advice; "and, In connection with his profession, was medical officer for the local board of health, and public vaccinator for the dis tricts around . He waa also a member of the lofcal bowling clnb, and one of its" vice-presidents. HiS appearance on the green will' also be missed, as ife was an inveterate and sltilftil bowler, and lost season presented to the clnb a gold medal for competition, which will serve to hand down his name to.lssting remembrance. Mm Hooper, who has always "proved herself a willing helper in every good cause, will also be much missed, and at no place more than -in the Church of England choir, where she has rendered good service by presiding at the harmonium. Her -name has also been as sociated with almost every local musical entertain ment got up in the district, and her time and talents devoted to making them what they in variably have been— pleasing to the audiences, and profitable to the rations charitable institutions on behalf of which they were held. The doctor has been a very industrious citizen, -as he has con verted very dilapidated premises into a handsome villa residence, and in front of which the little plots of Sowers he has unceasingly nursed now attract the attention and elicit the admiration of every passer-Jiy," At the late meeting of the Mechanics' institute the retiring president called attention to the mem bers' roll, which he held -waa not so large as it ahonid .be when the privileges offered to subscribers Were considered, and attributed this in great measure to the fact- that the institute was hugely imposed upon by people who were mean enough to take advantage of toe conveniences afforded with out paying. We axe informed that men in a good position will resort to the most contemptible dodges to evade pa?mert> pretending, when confronted by an employe, that they are only looking for a Mr Smith, and so on, and submit to the ignominy of being tnrned ont ot the reading-room time after time, in order to save 4Jd per week. To check the evil, the committee have had a list of the sub scribers posted in -the reading-room, so that the members may be "able to assist the officers of the institute in detecting intruders. A magisterial enquiry, was held, yesterday at the Hospital,' befofeMF d. E.'Ed Wards,1 J.P., into the circumstances -connected with the death of the little gW Margaret Fiyfin, who" died' in "cons£ quence of severe burns,, received through her clothes catching firm Ho . fresh evidence was adduced beyond the facts we have already pub lished, and the preriding magistrate derided that deato had been caused by burns accidentally re- The case pf Messrs Preece stjd Davies was again discussed by the Water Commission last night, and as usual, no progress made in the matter. At the next meeting of the commission some definite action will be taken to end this long-continued dispute. The weekly meeting -of the committee of the City Free Library and Beading Booms was held «n Thursday night last, in the rooms, Start Btreet. There was a good attendance of members. Mr E. H. L. Swifte (president) occupied the chair. After the usual routine business, the -.works com mittee reported that the alterations and improve ments were bring executed satisfactorily, and would be finished in the coarse of next -week. Farther, tint the reading-room wonld be ready for opening about the 17th instant. The secretary reported baying sent -circulars to newspaper proprietors, and replies had been re ceived from the following, who will supply copies of their issues gratia .—Ballarat Courier, 'Ballarat Star, Evening Post, Hamilton Spectator, Avoca Mail, Bendwo Indap tubal, Maryborough Advertiser, (hunts Vuardian,'Gooermnent Gazette. As a number of replies are yet to come In, it is anticipated that the majority of -colonial papers will be supplied free The reading-room wffl be for colonial papers only, as other rooms will be prepared at soon , as possible for English and American newspapers, magazines, reviews, &c.; One. will befitted np for « library, to, contain the popnlar. literature of - the day: There -will be a room exdusively for ladies, supplied with books, periodicals, &C-;, suitable to feminine requirements. The committee-intend to make theGify of Ballarat Free Eibraty -andBuffng Jfooms a great success. Mr B. Keith Mackay, agent for the LO.B has been laboring at Sebastopol during three days of this week. On Monday evening a public meeting was held at Magpie, where he was assisted- by Mr Chessril and the riturch choir. . On Tuesday night s very successful meeting was held in the Wekh Independent Chapel, Cobblers, where Mr Mackay was kindly assisted by the Rev. W. Clark and Mr W, Williams, missionary, as speakers. The Welsh Band of Hope Choir, under the leadership of Mr D. Davis, added considerably to the interest of the meeting. The Ber. Isaac. Williams pre sided. On Wednesday evening Mr Mackay mat the juvenile tent arid a good number of young people at the. Free Library. : Mr Lennox was also present with his church choir, and a very pleasant evening was spent. This series' of meetings has brought the temperance question vetyprominen tly before the pnblic, and ia expected to be productive of good to the order. The funeral of the late Mr T. Donoghue, of Warrenbeip, took (dace yesterday afternoon, and -was one of the largest yet seen in Ballarat. It consisted of forty-three vehicles and over sixty horsemen, and'reached from the monument to the Eastern market. This large assemblage attested to the respect in which the deceased, who was quite a young man, was held by those who were acquainted with him. Mr F. M. Claxton held sale of the plant of the Band of Hope Company's Bo.S, fi, and shafts yesterday. Most of toe machinery was disposed of at satisfactory prices, the chief purchasers brine : Messrs Walker, Hickman, and Co., Corbett and Son, and Leckie. The engines, however, were not sold. - The half-yearly meetingof the Excelsior Female Tent of Eecbabites, was held at the Societies' Hall Oh Thursday efvening, a large number of members .being present The following were the officers elected, and installed by Br Win. Longton, C.B., to fill the various offices for. the ensuing term: — P-S.M, Sr H. Ireland; &M; Sr E. Hicol; secre tary, Br Geo. Sting; treasurer, Sr M. A. Murray; W.S, Sr J. Bussdl; M.S„ Sd J. M'Kenzfoj Levite; Sr E. Inglis ; guardian, Sr P. Young. This society has been established for some time, .and is Dow.regiBtered as .a ' Female' Temperanae Benefit Society," whose members, by paying Gd per week, secare for themselves, in case of illness, medics advfo medirine, and 10s perweek; also. £10 is paid upon the death of a member. All in formation can be obtained from the secretary, or any of the members. - i Professor Hall, MH.— whoever that gentleman may be— has just iraued the second edition of puuphtet purporting to show that England's nrissfoo is to overthrow toe .Bnssian power and to restore toe ten losti tribes: of Israel to the Holy Land. , Before toese eyeBts occur, how- jever, paMtanfintiitohe taken V &e; Bnssians, and Austria is to be divided between the Muscovites and toe Germans. We have read a similar prediction before, but cannot at this mom tot recall to memory the name of the author. Pro fessor Hall'B pamphlet is published by Messrs Griffith and Spaven, of Melbourne, and is sold at 6d a copy. The remains of Quartermaster-sergeant AL J O'Brien, of the Prince of Wales yW. Light Horse, were interred yesterday in tbenew cemetery with military honors. The coffin,' which was covered by the union - jack and accoutrements of the deceased, was carried on a gun carriage drawn by four horses. The horse of deceased followed behind fully accoutred, with the boots and spurs reversed. The members of the troop, accompanied by toe fife and dram band of the B.V.R., formed an escort. Arrived at toe grave and toe coffin lowered, three volleys were fired over it, and toe burial service was -read by the Ber. Dean Moore. In spite of the rain; nearly all the members of toe corps assembled to pay toe last tribute to toe memory of toeir late comrade. The ofiiers present were — Captain Wilson, in command ; Snrgeon- major Nicholson, and Lieutenant Whyte. The funeral arrangements were ably conducted by Mr F. Atkins. . .. The consumption of water by toe mining com panies supplied from toe Water Commission was last month 8,098,000 gallons. -The depth of water no win the dams is as follows : — Kirk's, 3275 feet;; Gong Gong, 49-2 feet. The commission has, at the request of the hon. the Minister of Education, given 300 young trees from their plantations, |for planting in the State school reserves. Mr Long, J.P, presided at toe Town Police Court yesterday, and remanded Mary Jane Blair nntil Thursday next on three charges of petty larceny. The monthly meeting of toe Town Mission was held last evening, when there were present— Mr David Ham (in toe chair), and Messrs J. & Kelly, Whitehead, Cooke, Snmmerscalea, and Hooking. It was decided that the annual meeting, for the election of officers and committee, should take place in toe Mission Hall on Monday, 17to Jane. Inconsequence of toe Mission Hall having been irregularly used recently, without the sanction of the committee, it was resolved that in future all applications for the use of toe hall should be referred to the president or secretary for their per mission. The rate collector's' office at the (Sty Hall will be open from six to eight this and. next Monday evening, to receive rates in time to. qualify rate- . payers to be.incladed in toe nextrolL The rate collector's office at toe Tows Hall -will be Open ! between six and eight next Monday evening for the same purpose. The Bishop of Ballarat will officiate twice to morrow in St. Paul's. In the afternoan, at three1 o'clock/he will address a congregation of children in the church. He -will also preach to the general congregation at the OBnal evening service. At all three services on Snnday, collections will be made for the snstenttition fund of toe diocese. Any members of tbe congregation Unable to attend are requested to send thrir ctatributions to the incnm- bent, as the fond to be assisted Is' of vital import ance, and all should j oinin the effort to aid it. : The membeia-of the evangelistic choir are re quested to be in attendance to-morrow evening, at a quarter past eight o'clock, in the Academy of Mosic. The anniversary sermons of the Bible Christian Chnrdh, Lahrobe street, are to be preached to morrow. Mn Gory is" advertised to occupy the pulpit in toe morning, 'toe Bev. Joseph Walker in the . afternoon, and toe Bev. T. J. Cory in the evening. On .Monday evening toe annual tea meeting will take place, to be followed by a public meeting-' ' "' . The secretary of the Ballarat Fire Brigade \- desires to acknowledge, with thanks, toe' receipt of £5 5s from' toe National Insurance Company. , : Mir Campbell, bosh missionary, will preach a special sermon on " Intemperance " to-morxqw, at eleven o'clock, and conduct evangelistic services, with ten minutes' sermons, &C-;, all ia toe lecture- room (the luge hall not bring procurable) of tbe Mechanics' Institute. Sankey's hymns will be sung, and collections made for toe AuEtraUarf Voluntary Bush Mission. We ate asked to again remind owners and trainers of horses that nominations for all events to be ran at the winter meeting of the Geelong Baring Clnb, on Saturday, the 20th of next month, must be made' with toe secretary, at Gee- long, not later than Thursday next, the 13to instant. "Bible Photographs — Matthew toe Publican," is the title of a lecture. -to be given to-morrow evening, by the Bev. J. W._Inglis, in St. John's Church, Peri street. . , A special meeting iff toe Incensed Victuallers' Association. .will- be held at. Craig's hotel next Tuesday afternoon, at half-past three' o'clock, to consider business of importance. The Bev. D. Vrooman is announced to preach to-morrow morning, in toe Presbyterian Church, Buninyong, and, in the evening, in toe Ebenezer Church, Ballarat (Bev. . B. T. - Walker's). Mr Vrooman, who has had upwards of twenty- five ' years' experience aa a missionary in China, is new the superintendent of toe Presbyterian Church's mission to the Chinese in Victoria. ; A rale of .gifts in connection with the Lydiard Street Wesleyon Church, will be held next'Tuea- day evening. A number of letters are unavoidably held over until Monday. In consequence of toe appointment of Mr Camp bell, private secretary to toe Minister of Education, as an inspector of schools; the office of secretary to the Minister (says toe Herald ) is at present vacant, and there are a number of candidates for the appointment in toe department. Amongst these are Mr James,' head of toe teachers' branch; Mr Yates, of the inspector- general's branch; Messrs Parker and Courtney, of toe registration; Messrs Crespigny and Pohlman and M'DonneD, of .toe Board of-Advice Room ; Mr Foote, Mr Jones, Mr J. F. Glennoa, late of the Sandridge State school, a certain aspirant for a seat in the Legis lative Assembly at a recent election, and others. Jt is reported in the department that toe post will . be filled up in a few days. The Speaker (says tbe Argus ) on Thursday issued his writ for the Soato Gippsland election. The date of nomination is 12th June, of polling 19th Jane, and date of return of the writ 26th June. Mr D. Slattery is definitely-m tbe field as an advanced Liberal. Mr Mason ia in toe district already, and there is no -doubt but that in due course a Constitutional candidate will be heard of. The Herald says that Duncan Livingstone, a nephew of the great explorer, dipped from toe 1 ladder of toe Eureka Consols shaft, at Castlemaine, op Friday, aod-the hatchways being open, he fell to the veiy bottom of -the eh&ft.; Tbe body was quickly recovered, but life was'extinct, the remains .being much mutilated. Tbe , deceased was about 'forty years of age, and leaves a wife and child quite unprovided for. The Argus writes:—0 Ite Chief Secretary has received a telegram from toe South Australian Government intimating that a letter has been sent containing fire reply of South Australia to the point raised at the cable conference, that -that colony should give an assurance that she would not place any obstacles in the way of the duplica tion of the land line fay connecting toe Queensland lines with Port Darwin. It is understood that toe reply in effect accedes to the wishes of tbe confer ence." The Age writes:—" Colonel Glover called on the Chief Secretary on Thursday relative to toe negotiations that are now pending between some of tbe Australian colonies and the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company. One portion of the terms of agreement provides that toe snbsidy to be paid by the governments shall not exceed JE32,400 per annum. Colonel Glover . stated that he bad re ceived a telegraphic reply from his directors, and they desired that the "words -not exceed ' should be struck ont as for as the snbsidy was concerned, and that the payment to be-made should be a pro rata one. The conditions of contract, as already drafted, also provide that tbe terms of contract shall .' not exceed twenty years.' The directors desire the words ' not exceed twenty years' struck nut. Mr Berry will of coarse communicate with the other members of the conference of which he was a member regarding these proposals." The Commissioner of Customs (says the Age) has considered toe repreaentations.-made to 1» by the deputation from Echuca, respecting the effect produced on the rodgnm trade by the imposition of toe export duty on that description of timber. In order to afford some relief to the trade, Mr Lslor has decided that for the present all redgum timber grown in New South Wales may be im parted in bond into Victoria, and be subsequently exported without payment of any export duty. The Commissioner directed a letter to be sent to the Mayor of Echuca conveying the informa tion. It seems a ghost, an i no mistake, "has put in an appearance at the Melbourne Post Office ; and the Her o&ftoue; describes the apparition : — At twenty ; minutes past five o'clock on Friday morning, a letter-sorter named Thomas Cook, who ia engaged at toe General Post Office, bad occasion to enter a large vault or cellar used as a storeroom princi pally for empty mail-bags. This is a very 1 large place right under tfw main boildiog, ; and the floor above Is supported by strong stone columns. In -other words, tbe plk;e mure resembles a series of vaults than an ordinary cellar. - Cook, toe letter sorter, avers in the most positive manner that while in this place at the time mentioned he distinctly saw a shadowy white figure approach him, and para quite dose to bis shoulder, and when he turqed to look after it, it suddenly vanished. He is most emphatic in' bis statements, and evidently believes that he has seena ghtwt The story has created some little i excitement amongst fhe empbyte in the ; post office. ' J-- ." - " _ ' 