LITERATURE. NEW BOOKS.* The design of the author of Through my Spectacles seems to have been to write a story which should have a narrative interest of its own, and should also be an effective satire on the " women's movement" of the present day. This object she has sought to realise by throwing the plot of the story onward a couple of generations in the future, and by finding materials for her novel in the lives and doings of her grandchildren. By that time all of the most extreme ideals held by the most advanced advocates of an enlarged sphere of work for .women have become actual, every-day custom. Women swarm in the learned profes sions and in Parliament, and have a place in the Government of the country. They have discarded religion, and with it all of the modest, retiring graces regarded once as appropriate to the sex, but, which have no place in the world as seen "through m>' spectacles." With all this, we cannot say that they.have improved, or, indeed, that any body has improved. What we call the march of intellect does not appear to have marched very far. As regards their wit and humour, our posterity, as represented here, have not improved on their predecessors. Some of the personages are thrown into fits of merriment overwhatwe,atthepreseiitday,wouldconsider hoydenish pertness, which they regard as wit, and very dull puns, which they look upon as brilliant jesting. The plot of the story is one which, whatever may be the case two generations hence, must now be considered highly improbable. The characters are un interesting, their conversation is more than uninteresting, and as for the satire, it seems to us very poor and pointless, and is, certainly, not worth reading three dull volumes to reach. Altogether, if " Proavia" could see nothing better than this through her spec tacles,the curtains of the future might as well have remained undrawn. Perak, the little Malay state on the Malacca peninsula, which is the latest annexation to the British Empire in the East, having been taken possession of by Sir W. Jervois as a consequence of the murder of Mr. Birch, the F.ngliah resident, is the subject of an inte resting volume by Major M'Nair. In treating his subject the author did not limit his scope to the province which supplied the occasion of his book, but has given a general and com prehensive account of the Malay people, their character, national customs, and mode of life. The ordinary Malay is not, Major M'Nair tells us, a bloodthirsty being who divides his time between piracy, in strongly armed praus, " and running a muck," or, as he spells it, amok. So far from this, he says the " ordinary native is a simple, courteous being,who joins with an intense love of liberty a great affection for his simple home and its belongings." And, further, " the Malays are, on the whole, a moral people." All this has, however, to be taken with a good deal of qualification. It is admitted that the Malay is quick to anger, terribly revengeful, and ever ready to resent the slightest insult by a blow with the ever-ready kris or dagger. Then he is often an infatuated gambler, who will play till he has lost himself and his wife and children into slavery. Indeed, " courteous, religious, social and hospitable, gentle in his ways when calm and his passions not roused, the Malay, when angry or under excitement, is reckless and bloodthirsty in the extreme. He may, in fact, be described as volcanic." The objectionable practice of running amok is by physiologists ascribed to an uncon trollable fancy, the result of disease, but, says Major M'Nair, " There are occasions when the practice is made subservient to the will, and a Malay will' run amok' to gratify revenge ; or, as ft for a forlorn hope, adopt it in the little wars of the people, rushing amongst the enemy and killing right and left." He says that an amok may be the cause of death or severe injury to 20 or 30 people before the slayer is literally hunted down and destroyed like a mad dog. As he marks his course with bleeding natives " his pursuers gather in numbers, the Malays among them growing as madly excited as the runner they pursue." The police in the Settlements are provided with a huge short-pronged pitch fork to catch the madman by the throat, and pin him to a wall when he is driven to bay. The terrible kreese, or kris, which figures so largely in these adventures, is fully described by our author. It is a dagger of from I4in. to 18in. long. It is straight, with a waving edge from hilt to point, "a wavy, flame-shaped idade," with a keen double edge, and of a dull \- idead gleam, beautifully veined and damas cened. The country appears to be rich in minerals, its principal export being tin, in working. which thousands of Chinamen find profitable occupation. But gold is known to exist there, and Mr. Daly, a Government surveyor, wlio had been in Australia, con ai&qrad; that some parts of the country have .the gb^beariog'character. Indeed, gold has often'beiw Wofked in some parts, and " rough and. shotty v<gold can, without difficulty, be washed from tiieriver beds. Major M'Nair gives dbrightandvivid description of the chief nataxal features of the country. He Igwat' phosphorescent fungi at timeslight up the depths of the ttieir nale crleam. nf aIia iinM> foeir pale gleam, rf -the richly ithried foliaae ^94^nfl^lMio) ' itjnfced foliage forest). tree^ ^gow with i»lotifft8 if laaen; with flowers.of -irtreams through thfe mangrove swamps, fly Beemlng to %iid out its light in ;4>u1ms pr thiobSj likdj&e; flashesfrom a ot the alligators $5 mentions r'it is it the Malay boatmen tion of an interesting part of the world's surface, and of the interesting branch of the great human family by whom it is in habited. The Rev. F. G. Lee, who some two or three years ago gave us a foolish book called The, Other World, or Glimpses of the Supernatural, now publishes one of similarly silly character, which he calls More Glimpses of the World Unseen. It seems that his earlier foolish book brought him a large number of letters from silly, credulous people in all parts of the world, narrating ghost stories and other '' examples of supernatural intervention " in great profusion. From the heap of folly and blind credulity thus collected, Dr. Lee has selected a number of the most startling and impressive stories, supplements them with selections from his reading, and calls them More Glimpses. In one respect they are indeed " glimpses of a world unseen," and allow us to perceive the profundity, and blackness, and insatiable vacuity of the superstitious credulity which lingers on even at the present day. Dr. Lee is a member of that section of the Church of England which hates the name of Pro testant, and is more fanatically Catholic than the Roman Catholic Church. His choicest proofs of the supernatural are gleaned from Catholic sources, and they attain a special sanctity in his eyes when they come on the authority of Father Somebody or the Rev. Blank Blank, S.J. When he can get a papal bull to support his views, then the completeness of his proof is absolute and decisive. He declares "it is obviously im possible that the Fathers and Rulers of the Christian Church could have been utterly mistaken (as modern theories would make them) as to the certain reality of magic witchcraft, and necromancy." In his easy unstudied, versatile style of argument Dr Lee leaps from necromancy to spiritualism, from the tricks of Indian jugglers to the stigmata of poor Louise Lateau, as alike giving us cheering glimpses of the unseen world. The celebrated " basket trick" he declares was witnessed by the late Lord Mayo several times, and he " after much deliberation referred it to the influence and power of spirits or demons." Indeed, this origin becomes a certainty when we are told of " Father Gannon, a Roman Catholic secular priest," stopping the performance of the trick by " the sacred sign of the cross, and by an extemporised mental act of exorcism," which "effectively resisted the action." A number of stories of the mira culous cures effected by the water or clay of the grotto of " Our Blessed Lady of Lourdes" are cited, to the utter confusion of the sceptical, who are effectually deterred from criticism or contradiction by our author's mention of a wager by Count Artua, who offers to bet lO.OOOf. that no one can disprove them. A bet is said, on very good authority, to be the argument of a fool, but when the ex istence of the supernatural is in question, any argument seems good enough, in the estimate of Dr. Lee, to give it demonstration. Thus the story told him by a friend of " a haunted house in Berkshire" in 1679 serves, with a tale of a dream told by Mr. Cotton Mather, and another told by Gassendi, to thicken other proofs which demonstrate very thinly. One story, of " thrice-repeated warning of coming disaster," was told to the writer through a lady,'' the daughter of an attorney," " who received it from the Count Haslang, a French nobleman well known to the editor's grandfather." The strange voice heard in London by Dr. Delitzscli when his friend Mr. George Smith, the Nineveh explorer, died at Aleppo, is relied on as a very excellent " glimpse," and further on we are cheered by " a remarkable account of the apparition of two martyrs to a bishop on his deathbed." A very convincing narrative is given on the highly satisfactory authority of a " rare and curious publication issued in 1764, without either printer's or publisher's name." One case 01 "supernatural intervention," in volving a glimpse of the higher life, is afforded by a hair-rousing, blood-chilling story of some "ghosts of the gibbet," who used to assume the form of " hideous black animals, some of them like large swine." One over-conscientious ghost comes back from purgatory to terrify a relation into paying a debt which the ghost owed for « looking-glass, for which, when alive, she had promised to pay by instalments, but un luckily died before the last was paid. Even the wretched imposture of Dr. Slade and his slate-writing is made to give us a cheering glimpse of the world unseen, and to bear its part in covering "modern mate rialism" with confusion. Of the whole book it may be said that the stupidest jury ever empanelled would not convict a professional thief of stealing a pocket-handkerchief on such evidence as Dr. Lee here Offers his readers as good enough to serve as proof of the moat stupendous occurrences and as foundation for a religious belief. Signor Campanella's book, though he calls it an autobiography and Life in the Cloister, in the Papal Court, and in Exile, really refers only to the latter condition, the other parts of the subject having been dealt with in an earlier volume. He now recounts the inci dents .of his life after the capitulation of Venice in 1849, when he, with many other Italians, emigrated from the country upon which the Austrian yoke had apparently been securely fastened. He relates his wanderings through Patras, Greece, and Turkey, and states that, though he after great difficulty managed tp make an engagement to . sing in the Italian opera at Constantinople, the engagement had, to be broken off on account of the violent opposition of the CatholicB of Pera against an ex-eccle siastic singing on the public stage. Baffled In his attempt to use his powerfol jsnce and musical faculty in this way foresting a livelihood, he went to Londoh^l there was well received by Balfe, ^dLuiifley,of Her Majesty's Theatre. How ever, iboqgh^m musical grounds they would have been^lad to retain his services, the piam. di^culty cropped up, jand he soon that he could not appear on the stage; b6 eaid to be an evil anguryfor n ..o». .. further efforts ahowdd' ifcthe musical careter ivhich seemed' was absolutely ' . him.. .Fortunately tan oppor ,, wJuchbetrMi^bled to girea of his difficulties, his dangers, his meet iugs with other exiled patriots, his aspira tions, and bo on, there ia much effusive emotional writing. There is far more weep ing than we are accustomed to find in books written in English. Indeed, these patriots seldom met without some remark in reference to the state of their country evoking a copious flood of tears. All through the book there is much which is intended to be deeply affecting, although it some how only issues in becoming highly coaiic. What for instance, could be more ludicrous than the account the writer gives of a storm the steamer passed through in the Medi terranean, while he was on the way to London. He tells us that " a real deluge of water poured down upouus as if the llood gates of heaven were opened, and on each side of the vessel the precipitous torrents of water from above constituted with the fear ful uproar of the sea such a portent, that it seemed to us as if we must be crushed between two enormous falls of water con tending against the impetuous rising up of the waves which break in foam agaiist the violent downfall of the rain. To us below, in the abyss of this ocean whirlpool, it seemed almost as if we were in the crater of a volcano which was continually vomit ing foam instead of lava." Then ve read how " enormous dog - fish went gliding " round the vessel, looking expectaitly at the passengers. At Length terror was seen to invade even the severe and tcil- worn faces of the brave English sailors." "That threatening pressure" of the downfall of the rain seems to have been looked upon as the worst symptom of the case. " I went up to the captain (who understood anc spoke Italian well) and asked ' How will all this terminate ?' The experienced seamat, calmly but seriously, answered me, ' I am no longer captain: the captain is there above!'" end ing a snort but pious harangue rith the words "Adieu, my good Italianj trust in God." We all remember the familiar story of the passenger who, to a similar remark from the master of his ship under like circum stances, replied "Good heavens! what, has it come to that ?" Signor Campanella seems to have drawn a similar conclusion from the religious counsel of his captain, for he goes on, "The solemn import of these words clearly explained all, and showed at once the extreme danger of our situation. I saw that it was no time for another question, ind said, 'Adieu, honest, free English man." How ever, these pathetic farewells were super fluous. While the passengers were between decks, thinking that they were " destined to be the food of those other beings w'aich were gliding under the water desirous of their prey," and now and then " through holes se cured by thick glass, getting a glimpse at the horrid majesty of the situation," she storm moderated, the captain resumed the command he had abdicated in a moment of peril, and the passengers " passed from death to life." There is a good deal of effusive garrulity and egotism in the book, but also, as we have said, it possesses an element of the comic, though how far the author aimed at pro ducing this effect we are not prepared to say. 