LITERATURE. TWO CANOE VOYAGES.* The only point of resemblance in the two books before ns is that they both record canoe voyages. There their likeness ends. The book of Mr. Bishop describes a really notable feat in canoeing—a voyage of 2,500 miles, from Quebec to the Gulf of Mexico—• in which the skill, and strength, and courage, and endurance of the navigator were re peatedly and severely tested. The other is the production of a quaint philosopher who has made his unadventurous paddlings with a companion during a summer holiday on the rivers of France the occasion of one of the most delightful books of quiet, genuine humour we have read for a long time. Although Mr. Bishop pulled his canoe from Quebec to the Gulf of Mexico, it is not to be understood that it was an ocean voyage. This mistaken assumption was made by some ladies who were question ing him respecting his voyage at Savannah. "Tell us," they said, "what were your thoughts while you rowed upon the ^ broad ocean in the lonely hours of night. ^ The voyager was obliged to explain that, in the first place, he did not row at night, but camped in such shelter as he could get; and, secondly, that he had only once, and for a very short distance, entered on the Atlantic Ocean, and then through a mistake. That this voyage was at all possible is due to the extraordinary formation of the North American continent with respect to the in terpenetration—so to speak—of the land and the water. In reading his narrative the wonderful labyrinth formed by the lakes and rivers, and sounds, and inlets, and swamps, and lagoons, with occasional links of canals in the territory of the United States is very distinctly realised by the reader. Mr. Bishop ascended the River St. Lawrence from Quebec as far as Soiel, at the head of Lake St. Peter, where he turned off into the Richelieu River, through Lake Champlain and by the Champlain Canal into the River Hudson, which he descended to New York. He speaks with glowing enthusiasm of the luxuriant scenery on the banks of this mag nificent stream. From New York Bay he found his way by canal to the Delaware River, and descended its broadening course till it expanded into the wide estuary of Delaware Bay. In these waters his only serious accident took place. A succession of heavy seas overturned his canoe—a light shell of paper, and he had to swim for his life He got to shore and danced about to keep himself warm, and was fortunate enough, soon afterwards, to succeed in dragging ashore his boat, which had drifted close to the beach. Everything was wet save what he needed most, a flannel suit carefully rolled in a waterproof cloth. He felt, by the numb ing cold that was growing upon him, that he must change his clothes or perish, and was fortunately enabled to effect this change by the aid of a flask of old brandy which a thoughtful friend had pressed upon him. By the favourable change which the spirit im parted to him, he " was able to throw off one suit and put on another in the icy wind that might, without the stimulant, have ended my voyage of life." Southward from Delaware Bay, the course of the navigator was a rather curious one, due to the singular conformation of the coast for hundreds of miles, on the shores of Virginia, North Caro lina, and Georgia. The coast is fringed all its length by a long barrier, so to speak, of low, narrow, sandy islands, known as beaches, between which the tides enter. The passages between them are called inlets, and these "are so influenced by the action of storms, and their shores and locations are so changed by them, that the cattle may graze to-day in tranquil happiness where only a generation ago the old skipper navigated his craft." Mr. Bishop rowed his frail shell along the interior waters; sheltered by the island barrier from the great billows of the Atlantic tumbling outside, and had now and then a serious time of it when the rongh waters of one of the inlets had tobe crossed. In passing one of the largest and most formidable of these, the Hatteras inlet, near the well-known cape of that name, he was surrounded by a large school of porpoises, which seemed very large and dangerous to the occupant of the tiny canoe. Further to the south the traveller's course passed through some of the swamps and wild gloomy streams of South Carolina, and at times his camping places at night were in the midst of strange company. Curious insight is given by his brief notes of the state of the " recon structed south," the patient fortitude with which some of the old families set about the work of gathering together the miserable relics of their fortunes left after the war had done its worst; the grotesque satyr-like existence of the freedmen, their degraded lives, which seem but a form of semi-civilised savagery, tempered by a strange emotional religion that appears to have little reference to morality; and all the evil condi tions of a time of misfortune, intensified by the shameful misgoverament of the negroes, and stimulated by a crew of infamous political js4y®nturera from the North. But amongst this -of waters, these rivers, and diamn.1 .swamps, and perilous inlets, wherever the .xanoe traveller went he found warm . '^hospitality) sometimes within the miserable ' Vermin-infested cabin of a poor negro family, ; .mid sometimes within the lofty mansion of i >- whiteproprietors, living on the remnants of prosper^. One night he had to 'CAhdds- Alligator-infested . kept a\T*fc98 8°°"* wbileb?; ?'-r^womale sanriaH^ challenging' combat A portage from .the to the Suwunee River cut I f^^ pepinatda of Florida, J _joet A geographical „M.&u0bec; to the GuMot m^pishop. Edinburgh: ' Robert Louis Stevenson. '"CO. 1878. and gave the canoe an uninterrupted course to tfye Gult of Mexico, where the adventurous voyage came to an end. Mr. Bishop's nar rative giveB the impression of a man of great courage and an adventurous spirit, who has a liking for risk, and takes the knocks and discomforts which he gets in the quest for incident and novelty with much unconcern. The weak point in the effect produced by such a narrative is that you cannot take a very deep interest in perils and risks which are incurred in the mere spirit of adventure, and serve no use ful end whatever. As we before said, the other work we have under notice is of a very different character. Mr. Stevenson does not pretend to anything approaching adventure. It is the work of a humourist, who makes the accident of his trip in a canoe on some Belgian canals and French rivers the text of a work which no man who loves the nalveti of Montaigne, or the delicious quaintness of Charles Lamb, can read without delight. He was accompanied by a friend who is only referred to by the name of his canoe, the Cigarette, and of him the author Bays in his preface, " To the friend who accompanied me I owe many thanks already ; indeed, I wish I owed him nothing else; but at this moment I feel towards him an almost exaggerated tenderness. He, at least, will become my reader—if it were only to follow his own travels alongside of mine." In a description of the delights of life on board a canal barge as they presented themselves to our author's imagination, he writes :— " The chimney smokes for dinner as you go along ; the banks of the canal slowly unroll their scenery to contemplative eyes; the barge floats by great forests and through great citieB with their public buildings and their lamps at night; and for the bargee, in his floating home, ' travelling abed,' it is merely as if he were listening to another man's story or turning the leaves of a picture-book in which he had no concern. He may take his afternoon walk in some foreign country on the banks of the canal, and then come home to dinner at his own fireside. There is not enough exercise in such a life for any high measure of health; but a high measure of health is only necessary for unhealthy people. The slug of a fellow, who is never ill nor well, has a quiet time of it in life, and dies all the easier. I am sure I would rather be a bargee than occupy any position under heaven that required attendance at an office. There are few callings, I should say, where a man gives up less of his liberty in return for regular meals. The bargee is on shipboard— he is master in his own ship—he can land wherever he will—he can never be kept beating off a lee shore a whole frosty night, when the Bheets are as hard as iron ; ana, so far as I can make out, time stands as nearly still with him as is compatible with the return of bed-time or the dinner hour. It is not easy to see why a bargee should ever die." While in the canals the canoeists passed along " a mere green water-lane, going on from village to village. Things had a settled look, as in places long livedin. Crop-headed .children spat upon us from the bridges as we passed below with a true conservative feel ing." At Brussels they were heartily wel comed by the members of the " Royal Sport Nautique," a boating club. " I do not know, to my shame," says our author, " any spot in my native land where I should have been so warmly received by the same number of people. We were English boating men, and the Belgian boating men fell upon our necks. I wonder if French Huguenots were as cordially greeted by English Protestants when they came across the channel out of great tribulation? But, after all, what religion knits people so closely as a common sport ?" They were made free of the lavatory, " and all the time such questions, such assurances of respect and sympathy! I declare I never knew what glory was before." The hosts told them that they had "gained all races, except those where we were cheated by the French;" and to the thanks of the entertained they rejoined, " 0! entre freres ! In any. boat-house in England we should find the same." To which our author adds, " I cordially hope they might." They added, " We are all employed in com merce during the day; but in the evening, voyez vow, nous eommes serieux." On which Mr. Stevenson comments:— "These were the words. They were all employed over the frivolous mercantile con cerns of Belgium during the day, but in the evening they found some hours for the. serious concerns of life. I may have a wrong idea of wisdom, but I think that was a very wise remark. . . . The nightmare illusion of middle age, the bear's hug of custom gra dually squeezing the life out of a man's souL had not yet begun for these happy-starr'd young Belgians. They still knew that the interest they took in their business was a trifling affair compared to their spontaneous, long-suffering affection for. nautical sports. To .know what yon prefer, instead of humbly saying amen to what the world tells you you ought to prefer, is to have kept your soul alive." From these extracts it will be seen that our author's humour is of a- very refined and thongbtful type. It does not aim at the broad effects so easily produced, often with very homely materials and 'very inartistic touches, by the newspaper humourists of America. Indeed, we should not be surprised if a large number of people were to read the book without suspecting that it was humorous at all. Here is a : quaint description of the anglers passed on the banks of the Sambre:— "Besides the cattle, we saw no living! things except a few birds and a great many fishermen. These sat along the edges of . the . meadows, sometimes with one rcdjsometimes . with as many as half a score. They seeme^-. stupefied with cqntpntment; andwheh wein about the weathmJrtisSr voices sounded' quiet, andTarAway. ®herp iwosa^traiwediveraity. ofoptiuoii'tu&ongtihoflMiodp; - for which Obey qet their lnres ; aUhqugh they —- •— - fcthifcthat —— that "no two of •the same .kind, pj q„ nT^Sn I, naTftatit'not anyi Once, in Chattingwith sdmechildren on the bank, brie little girl Com panions .theihfbmto^ island, " and a far way from here—bitn loin <Tid." " I was," sayB our author, "as nearly homesick as ever I was in my life; they seemed to malr* it such an incalculable distance to -the place where I first saw the day." At Pont-sur- Sambre they were taken, by the innkeeper and others as pedlars; on which Mr. Stevenson observes—" Manners and bearing have not a wider currency than hank- notes. You have only to get far enough out of your beat, and all your accomplished airs will go for nothing. These Hainaulters could see no difference between us and the average pedlar. Indeed, we had some grounds for reflection, while the steak was getting ready, to see how perfectly they accepted us at their own valuation, and how our best politeness and best efforts at entertainment seemed to fit quite suitably with the character of packmen." " We began," he says, " to think we might be pedlars after alL" Speaking of their departure from the town, he remarks, " Some of the children were there to see us off, but we were no longer the mysterious beings of the night before. A departure is much less romantic than an unexplained arrival in the golden even ing. Although we might be greatly taken at a ghost's first appearance, we should behold him vanish with comparative equanimity. '■ His companion seems to have shared his quaint humour, judging from his remark on th action of the tides, " which," he said, " was altogether designed for the confusion of canoeists, except in so far as it was cal culated to minister to a barren vanity on the part of the moon." At one place, where they went, dripping and looking like " damp rag and bone men," to the chief inn, they were refused admittance with rudeness and insult, but luckily succeeded in finding more hospitality at a small inn kept by some people named Bazin. After supper they sat outside the door, talking with the landlord, who told them he was married. " Madame Bazin came out after a while ; she was tired with her day's work, I suppose ; and she nestled up to her husband, ana laid her head upon his breast. He had his arm about her, and kept gently patting her on the shoulder. I think Bazin was right, and he was really married. Of how few people can the same be said! Little did the Basins know how much they served us. We were charged for candles, for food and drink, and for the beds we slept in. But there was nothing in the bill for the husband's pleasant talk, nor for the pretty spectacle of their married life. And there was another item uncharged. For these people's politeness really set us up again in our own esteem. We had a thirst for consideration; the sense of insult was still hot in our spirits; and cruel usage seemed to us to restore us to our position in the world. How little we pay our way in life! Although we have our purses continually in our hand, the better part of service goes still unrewarded." Our limits of space will not allow us to quote the delightful passage which must move the envy of every busy, hard-worked reader of the "golden doze," which at length came over them as the result of calm paddling in the open air, down the placid stream of the Oise. It was the " apotheosis of stupidity," and the only mental operation of our author was," counting his strokes and forgetting the hundreds," be the while "the happiest animal in France." At length there came to him, as " to the civilised man there must come sooner or later, a desire for civili sation. I was weary of dipping the paddle: I was weary of living on the skirts of life, and wished to be in the thick of it once more; I wished to get to work; I wished to meet people who understood my own speech, and could meet with me on equal terms as a man, and no longer as a curiosity." And he re marks at his ending, "You may paddle all day long; but it is when you come back at nightfall, and look in at the familiar room, that you find Love or Death awaiting you be side the stove; and the moBt beautiful ad ventures are not those we go to seek." 