GENEBAL NEWS. By the s.s. Lusitania Cape papers have been received, which give an account of several vessels having been wrecked there. Amongst them is the .Redbreast, a vessel which loaded cargo at Port Pirie for the Cape. A party of shearers for the Mount Gipps Station, engaged to the order of Sir James McCullcch, wa; dispatched via Hallett per Terry's coacbeo on Thursday by Mr. W. It. Hunt, of the Labor Office. Communication on the Western Austra lian telegraph line has been interrupted beyond Eyre's Sandpatch since "Wednesday morning. We regret to hear that the Hon. John Colton, M.P., is very unwell at his residence at Hackney. He received no benefit from his visit to the North. The following are the names of the passengers booked for London by the s.s. Acon cagua, which sails to-dayIn the second cabin, Miss Ada Hill, Mr. Murch, and Captain Ken nedy; in the steerage, Mr. T. Pol worth, Mrs. H. Hogwood and infant, Miss Mary Ann Thompson, Mrs. Levy and three children; and 11 in the open berths. At Tuesday's meeting of the Directors of the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Railway Company (Limited) it was resolved to lay a second line of rails from South-terrace, Ade laide, to Miller's Corner, Glenelg, in the event of the Holdfast Bay Railway Company's _Bill being rejected. On Wednesday afternoon, August 14, Colonel Downes inspected one of the troops of volunteer cavalry on the parade ground, North terrace. The men were put through the sword exercise, which they executed evidently to the satisfaction of Colonel Downes. The adjourned half-yearly meeting of shareholders inthe South Australian Permanent Equitable Building and Investment Society was held at the Society's Office, Glanville, on Tuesday evening, August 13. Mr. T. Hack presided. The balance-sheet, which was adopted, showed a profit of £15514s. 7d. for the past half year. It was decided to declare a profit of one shilling and sixpence in the pound, leaving a balance of profits of about £50 to be carried forward to the next half year. The same evening £100 shares were sold at a premium of £20 17s. 9d. per share. Kainford's Ghost and Petite Comedy Company were favored with an excellent house on Wednesday evening. The comical optical illusions astonished and delighted the audience, who applauded loudly and often. Miss Amy Horton and Mr. Charles Wallace were excesd ingly good in their comic character impersona tions, both being encored. Mr. Rainford as Mr. Fidgetty in the "Haunted House" intro duced some capital local hits in a comic song, mentioning the Premier's new taxation scheme, the Corporation, " Sammy," the rabbit ques tion,, the new outer harbor, Nock's Act, jand giving a tip for the Council elections, "plating" Mr. Henry Scott at the head of the poll.. 