JOURNEY FROM PORT PHILLIP TO SOUTH AUSTRALIA IN 1839. [CONTINUED.] After travelling for some days, we came to a copse of bank- sia trees, in which an immense flock of wattle birds were clustering. They were so numerous that after shooting 48 of their number the flock did not seem materially diminished. This bird is not the wattle bird of New South Wales that is better known as the talegalla, and belongs to the family of magapodes. The bird we are now treating of takes its name of wattle bird because two fleshy wattles, or gills of a pink colour, are attached to the lower mandible. They are rather larger than a thrush, handsomely clothed in a grey plumage barred with deep brown ; their flesh is much esteemed. We had rather too much of it. After shooting a vast number, we had them cooked in curries, in stews, roasted, spatch cocked, and hashed up in every possible way, so that at last we were glad to return to our salt beef. One night, when we were encamped on a creek to the east- ward of a long stretch of salt water now called the Coorong, about midnight the bellowing of cattle was heard to the south of our position. Our herd replied, and for some time the bul- locks were in a great state of excitement. Nearer and nearer came the voices of the approaching beasts. At last our herd broke away, and hurried towards the travelling sounds. At first every effort was made to prevent the cattle from leaving the camp, but all of no avail ; and in a short time the head of a long column of cows, bulls, bullocks, and calves rushed in among my animals, and increased their number by about 500 head. The night was dark and stormy, so that the extent or importance of the addition to our herd could not be at first ascertained. The noise of the bellowing, the bleating, and the roaring of the uninvited guests was deafening ; and as the sea of heads and horns surged and swayed about, the intruders appeared innumerable. We could not turn these creatures away because they would not go ; we could not refuse to receive them, because they would come. The new comers were an ill-conditioned, badly mannered, riotous lot of vulgar animals of all sexes and sizes, from the larrikin steers to the decrepid old cows. They misbehaved themselves most shockingly — young gay lothario bulls flirted with budding heifers, old surly bulls would charge their non-sexed brothers without remorse ; young calves made curious mistakes when looking for their suppers, and raised the ire of several bullocks by seeking the nourishment from them which the bullocks could not supply. Altogether, the " bouleversement " was com- plete — the disorder most perfect. It was useless to seek for rest and sleep in the middle of this noisy crowd, and the day dawned upon us still in an uproar. We were now on the con- fines of a sandy, dreary desert, and as the sun rose up he threw his beams over a melancholy waste of country. That night we encamped on the sand without coming to water. The next day we were not more fortunate. By this time the cattle showed signs of distress, and the small supply of water in the drays was nearly exhausted. On the third morn- ing the supply of water had become so scanty that we used it all up in making skillogalee for our breakfast. We were now approaching Lake Albert, the waters of which I fancied were salt. About noon, or an hour after, there was a strange move- ment in the herd ; the leaders suddenly stood still, and turned their upraised heads towards the lake, still invisible. After a short pause, during which the cattle had got into an entangle- ment, they moved in the direction of the lake, and to my horror, filing off in single file, they broke into a trot, each beast as he fell in the line raising his voice in a full bellow. The stockmen and myself rode to the head of the line, crossed and re-crossed the leading bullocks, without being able to turn them. It was of no use to hollow, or rattle the whips, or to use any means whatever to turn these obstinate, determined beasts out of the path they had chosen. They did not charge us, or seem in any way to notice us ; but with heads erect, and mouths open, and tongues hanging out, they simply trotted right at us, and made us make way for them. At one time there were upwards of 800 head of cattle trotting away in single file over the sandy bush. I never saw such a sight. Each beast bellowing after his fashion was following his lead- ing file, dogs barked, whips cracked, men swore, and still the line moved on. Our horses at last knocked up, but so fearful was I that the water of the lake was salt and its banks rotten that I made frantic efforts to prevent the cattle going to it. Leaving our horses, we ran in front of the line, but to no pur- pose. If the beasts would not be turned by mounted men, it was hardly to be expected that men on foot could do so. At last, in utter despair, I cast forth a bitter imprecation, and, throwing myself under the shade of a clump of casuarina trees on a grassy knoll, I said " the whole may go " (to a place where I fear they would get no water), for I could do no more for them. George and Jim were both dead beat. After gaining breath and resting for a short time, I crawled to the top of the knoll, and looked forth. There in the distance was the lake ; the head of the line had just reached it, and I drew on my breath as I saw them go into the water and bend their heads to drink. And they did drink, and as the rear cattle came up they spread themselves on the shores, and drank too. Here was a surprise — the lake's banks were not rotten, and the water was at least drinkable, for none of the cattle refused it. Returning to my comrades, I announced to them this astonishing result. Remounting our horses, we fol- lowed on the tracks of the herd, and we were soon tasting the water — it was not fresh, and it was not salt : it had a vapid sweet taste, but it quenched thirst. Millions of wild fowl must have been on the surface of this lake. As we reached its borders they rose in dense clouds, darkening the air. We selected a beautiful spot for our encampment, and when the drays arrived we fancied that we had seen the end of our troubles, and that it would be all plain sailing in future. The world did not require that Dr. Johnson should have written the tale of " Rasselas, Prince of Abysinnia," to teach it how often our hopes will be blighted and our aspirations smothered. At all events, experience does not give us long prosy introductions, drawn out on elaborate sentences, before it makes us learn its lessons. In a very few days we found out that instead of reaching the end of our troubles we were only entering on their commencement. It was as well that we did not know all that was before us, or we should not have enjoyed our supper that night as we did, after the fatigues of the day. We remained at the lake all the next day, and towards evening two horsemen rode into the camp and enquired if we had seen any stray cattle. The form in which this question was put amused me. A herd of 500 beasts being spoken of as stray cattle was a rather queer way of designating them. Looking at the spokesman, who appeared to me to be a cross between a Sydney loafer and a bushranger, I asked him how many he had lost, " Well," he said, " I think it is about the d—d total." " Where did you lose them ?" ' Blessed if I know ; I suppose somewhere down in those infernal swamps. They got away from us in that rascally country, and I suppose they have joined yours." " You take it coolly !" " I always do," returned he ; " the cattle ain't mine, and I don't care a brass farthing whether you have got them or not. At all events, I suppose you will give two hungry devils something to eat. We have not had any bread for the last ten days, nor any tea, sugar; or tobacco for longer than that." " Badly found, hey ?" " No. Wasteful at first — no system, — and so we are starv- ing for our extravagance." And, as I afterwards found out, this was the case. The Australian bushman at that time was a reckless sort of a dog — thinking only of to-day, and not in any way providing for the morrow. There was just enough dash in the drover's life to give a charm to it that fascinated idle, reckless, and dissolute fellows. Any prudent measures on the outset of the journey to provide against privation at the end of it would have somewhat marred its charm of reckless dash which lured people to the life. Men are generally more inclined to admire thoughtless imprudence than sympathise with forethought and moderation. As boys at school, the one who, with a liberal hand, shared his gifts with his fellows was much more esteemed than he who kept something for a rainy day ; but the boy who was most despised was the one who shared with a niggard hand his sweetmeats or fruit, and kept for himself a bonne bouche to be eaten in solitude. I gave these men a feed, which they enjoyed. The spokesman's name was Jack Johnson, and his mate Duffey Joe. Duffey appeared to be a buffer for Jack's smart sayings and rough wit. " Well, mate,", said Jack, addressing me, as he shut up his clasp knife and wiped his mouth with the sleeve of his shirt, " have you got our cattle ?" " How many have you lost," I replied. ''Well," said Johnson, with supreme indifference, "hang me if I can tell you. We lost twenty at the Maiden Hills, and I don't know how many at Henty's, on the Wonnon." "You must have been very careless. How did you keep them in the camp at night ?" " Nohow," was his reply. " We never put them in camp at night ; they fed about, and we collected them in the morning. And one night in those beastly swamps they got away, and devil a tail of one have we seen since. But care killed a cat — give us a pipe of tobacco, and let us be jolly." He evidently did not take me for the " cove," or he would not have been quite so reckless about his " cove's " property. It turned out that he was the chief stockman of a gentleman who was travelling to Adelaide with sheep and cattle, and in consequence of the want of proper arrangements when they came into a difficult country, the stock became scattered, and some of them joined my herd. My bullocks had become rest- less and more difficult to manage since they had been joined by the strangers ; they frequently broke away at night, and I was compelled to keep a horse tethered near a dray to be ready to gather them in when they had broken out. For myself, I never took off my clothes, but was up and peering about nearly the whole of the night. Once I had fallen into a sound sleep near one of the fires, when I heard quite plainly in my sleep the trampling of many feet, and I knew that the herd were off ; but for the life of me I could not rouse myself, until by a very great effort I struggled to my legs. Rousing up the watchmen who had gone to sleep, and sending a stockman out on the spare horse, I went round the camp to find out where the cattle had broken away. At last I came upon the spot, and there, lying on his back, with his two arms spread out, was my overseer, so fast asleep, so dead to all around him, that some of the animals must nearly have trod on him. I went to the fire, found two pieces of charcoal, and dropped one into each hand. The fellow still slept on, until the heat began to affect his palms, when, springing up with a wild scream, he rushed into the bush, and tumbling over some dead timber he disappeared. He was not in a pleasant temper the next morning at breakfast. Poor fellow ! It was rather hard treatment I must confess, but he was such a dullard that it was puzzling to know how to treat him ; the unfortunate creature must have been born under an unlucky star. The son of an officer in the army, he had been educated at a good school, sent into, the navy, and he was now an overseer to me at £40 for the trip. His stupidity was so great that he could not write three words and spell them cor- rectly, he knew nothing of figures, could not tot up a column, or read distinctly. The only thing he did do well was whistle. He whistled remarkably well, and as it was his only accomplishment he was constantly exercising it. I only men- tion him now to point out how all the laziness and want of energy affected his after life. He lived and died a common shepherd, having been twice in the lunatic asylum and having once attempted to cut his throat — his death was singularly characteristic of the man. From drinking he had become so morose and unbearable that no shepherd would live with him, so he had a hut to himself, in which he was found dead, having expired some days before his body was discovered. This is a slight sketch of the career of one man sent from the old world by his friends to be reformed in the new. Would to God it was the only instance of the effect such a procedure produces, but it must be patent to all who know anything of bush life that myriads of young men, mostly well educated and of good family, having been recklessly cast off from all ties that bind them to society and decency, are sent away to sink like this poor fellow into the deepest depth of degrada- tion, and to die at last completely cut off from his fellow beings in some lonely hut in the dreary waste of the silent and solitary bush. It soon became evident that Jack Jackson and Duffy Joe were quite contented with their present situations, the regu- larity of the proceedings pleased them, and the bread, tea, sugar, and tobacco were fully appreciated. I gave out some hints about their going back and telling their master where his cattle were. These hints were unheeded, so one morning I told Jack and Joe that they must go back, and I would write a letter to their master explaining all about the cattle, which Jack could carry to him. This turned out eventually to be a false move. The two rascals went back, and, like the Jewish spies from the land of promise, they gave such information of the riches of our camp that an expedition was organised to invade us, and instead of having to feed two stockmen, I had at last to feed the master of the party and his whole tribe of servants. This brought on trouble to us all ; but not to antici- pate, let us return to Lake Albert and our party. We had to pursue an easterly course, and get to the head of the lake. The country we passed through varied from open, undulating, grassy rises, timbered with banksia, casuarina, and eucalyptus, to mallee scrub (eucalyptus dumosa) and sandy hills ; then to reedy swamps, surrounded by thick forests of the paper bark melaleuca. Kangaroos, kangaroo rats, too- latchee, and wallaby were very numerous all over it. We could hear the heavy thump of the large kangaroos in the scrub before they came out into the open forest, and then they would appear moving leisurely forward, occasionally stopping to gaze at us and then to hop away again. The gait of the kangaroo when leisurely moving forward is unlike the action of any animal I am acquainted with. It borders so closely on the grotesque that it is almost ridiculous, without actually being so; and as they generally (when not pursued) move in single file, the reader may form some idea of the appear- ance of such a process when he is told that they do not keep step, but that each one hops independently of his leading or rear file. I have seen a line of 120 of these animals in motion, and the effect was somewhat surprising. Being sur- rounded by so much game, it was but a natural desire that seized us to try to catch some of it ; and one morning we decided on a kangaroo hunt. As many of the party as could find horses were mounted, and, with some of the dogs, we set out for a day's sport ; I rode my thoroughbred. Some of the party rode bare back, as we had no spare saddles with us. In a very short time we came upon our game ; the dogs (collies) were hallooed on, and off we set after a large mob of big kangaroos. Of course my horse took the lead, and away I sped at full speed with my eye on a kangaroo I had singled out. Away we went through scrub, over sandy hills and stony rises, over creeks, down gullies in which the long grass hid from us the dead trees lying in our pathway, over which the thoroughbred lept as if he had wings. One by one (the kangaroos separated, turning to the right and to the left, until only four were left with the one I had selected. I now pressed them hard, and endeavoured to turn them back to where my fellow hunters were following. Pressing my horse to his full speed, I dashed on in one wild, reckless, delightful gallop — mad with excitement and heedless of consequences ; I saw the trees pass by me in quick succession. I entered the scrub and got my face well scratched by the mallee branches, rattled down the stony slopes, flew over the dead logs in the gullies, floundered round the edges of swamps, bounded over the grassy rises, and went anywhere and everywhere in follow- ing my game. At last he came to a standstill with his three companions, and looked me in the face. Hunting in the old country always delighted me, but there you knew something of the nature of the country you had to ride through ; but here in the antipodes you must leave all to chance, as you do not know one inch of the land you may have to go over. In a short time I heard my followers behind me. The kangaroos also heard them, and made off, I following them. But they were evidently done, and it was an easy matter to keep them in view. At last a couple of horsemen and three dogs joined me, and, after a short burst, the kangaroos came to bay again. I now dismounted, and picking up a stick I went to the nearest to me with the murderous intention of killing him, but my heart failed me as I saw his beautiful mild eyes look upon me, and I almost decided to let him go and live, when he approached me. I moved out of his way, but he followed me. I then struck at his head with the stick in my hand ; it was rotten, and broke. The kangaroo then placed his two fore paws on my shoulders and drew me to him, placing me in a most dangerous position, for the next move would be to hug me, and then rip me up with his hind legs. His eyes still wore a sweet, innocent, amiable expression, but there was a savage snort proceeding from his nostrils that was ominous. To be disembowelled by this amiable looking innocent was anything but pleasant, and yet that would have been my fate had not the three collie dogs attacked his haunches, and thus diverted him from his attention to me and turned his regards upon them. My two companions dismounting, we dispatched this marsupial, mild looking murderer, and cut off his tail ; his companions had deserted him in his need, and saved their lives. The chase was over and the excitement subsiding, but while it lasted the rapturous feeling was beyond description, exciting to a madness of delight, like the ghost's ride of the poet — " Tramp, tramp, across the land they went ; Splash, splash, across the sea. Hurrah, the dead can ride apace, Dos't fear to ride with me." Having reached the most eastern point of Lake Albert, we changed our course to due north, towards the point where the Murray River enters Lake Alexandrina. After passing over an indifferently fertile country, sprinkled with pine forests, we arrived at some limestone ridges rising from the reedy swamps through which the river ran. On this ridge, or rather on the eastern side of it, we encamped, and at day light next morning I strolled over the ridge, and walked down to the reedy swamp. For upwards of 400 yards this swamp extended from the limestone rise to the river ; the reeds were closely packed, and rose in some places to the height of six, eight, and ten feet, completely shutting out the view. Nearly the whole swamp was more or less under water, so that its extent up or down the river could not be accurately ascer- tained. Here and there clusters of polyganum bushes would grow in large patches, and make openings in this forest of rushes. As I pushed my way onwards, bittern would flutter out of their entanglement in the vegetation, flocks of black and white geese would, with crowds of teal, duck, widgeon, herons, spoon bills, black swan, and other wild birds, rise above my head, and fill the air with game of almost every description of aquatic birds. After much wading through slush water and tangled weeds I at last arrived at the river's brink. There at my feet was flowing a river more than three hundred yards wide, waters smoothly moving on to Lake Alexandrina. After having traversed 1,120 miles through the solitude of Austra- lian scenery, bearing on its bosom no larger craft than the savages' bark canoe. Fed by the waters of the Darling, the Lachlan, and the Murrumbidgee, it carries the melted snow from the Australian Alps to the sea or to the lakes, whose waters pass with those of the Murray into the great Southern Ocean. Silently the lime-soiled stream passed on, occa- sionally bringing down a small island of rushes which had broken away from the banks, and which floated on, bearing the white convolvulus clinging to the reeds, with its beauti- ful bell-shaped flowers bending over the ripple and dipping their lips in the water. Now and then a reed sparrow would chirp out its song from the recesses of these little floating islands, or the white-breasted flycatcher would hover around, warbling lowly its sweet liquid notes. The day was beautifully calm and still, and as the stream passed on I could almost fancy that a soft, low whisper came to my ears from its rippling wavelets. What did this whisper say ? Did it give a history of the country through which the melted snows from the far off Australian Alps had passed? Alas, there was no history ! Did it speak of the changes time had wrought on the face of the land over which its centuries had passed ? Not a word. Did it mention any record of the savage men who dwelt on the river banks or in the inland country? There was no record. What was, then, the whisper ? Nothing but the word solitude. And yet with all this active life around me, could the word suit the scene? In my then frame of mind it did ; there was loneliness in the midst of all this life, and a desert in this wilderness of vege- tation. My thoughts returned back from their wanderings into the past to occupy themselves with the present, and I began to speculate on my next move. The cattle must cross over this river — but how ? The greatest difficulty would be to get them through the swamp to the river's edge. Was the ground firm enough on the morass to bear the weight of many heavy bullocks, or would it give way and swallow them up ? As I was pensively turning these thoughts in my head, I saw shoot out suddenly from the opposite shore, a short distance from where I stood, a white boat, in which were five men. They had evidently seen me, as they steered directly towards the spot on which I was standing. When they arrived at the bank, the following colloquy ensued. Coxswain of boat — " Hallow, where have you come from ?" " From Port Phillip." " A party with you ?" " Yes." " What have you got, sheep or cattle ?" " Between eight or nine hundred head of mixed cattle." " Going to cross ?" " Of course." " Want a boat ?" " No.?' " Can't get over this river without one." " Yes I can." " Come across now." " No, thank you ; must go back to party." " Good day." I then turned to retrace my steps, and push back through the reeds and polyganum to the limestone ridge. On return- ing, I had pondered seriously over my position. Could I cross without the assistance of the boat ? That was a ques- tion of importance. No doubt if no boat had been there the question would not have arisen, and of course no reliance could be placed upon anything but my own contrivances, which up to this time had served me in good need ; but now the boat was there, was it wise to reject it. But the crossing, over the river was not the only task to be accomplished. The crossing the 100 or 500 yards of swamp was a work of con- siderable importance, and of doubtful accomplishment. My own experience in crossing it had proved to me that some parts of it were rotten, and as dangerous as quicksands, and should the cattle be bogged in the middle of this huge quag- mire, what would become of them. The principal part of the herd was composed of very large bullocks, very wild and savage. Under adverse circumstances they would probably become unmanageable and smother one another. However, one thing was certain — the cattle must cross the river, or go back from whence they came. And as this last alternative was out of the question, there was nothing for it but to trust to chances and brave the worst. I had arrived at this conclu- sion as I entered the camp, and with a cheerful face I gave directions to the party to be in readiness to cross the river on the next morning. During the night the wind veered to the south-west, blow- ing in severe squalls with heavy rain, and when the morning broke, there was a dismal look-out indeed. The sky was overcast, and heavy clouds swept madly over it ; the sun- beams, after struggling into existence, cast but a faint and sickly light on the scene ; the wind sighed and moaned, and then broke into furious gusts, roaring through the trees, and bending down the pliant reeds ; the rain fell in pelting showers. As I gazed out at the day, my heart sank down very low as the thought of my day's work rose up in my mind, and it was with gloomy forebodings I set about my duty. After breakfast, taking Little Jim with me — he riding my thoroughbred, while I mounted one of the stock horses, — we commenced crossing the swamp. Every now and then our horses sank in the mire up to their chests, and were with trouble extricated ; but at last we reached the river's brink, just opposite a hut constructed of rushes which had been built on the other side the stream, where the boat's crew lived. The boat was lying in shelter below the hut, but no amount of roaring, bellowing, or screaming could attract the attention of the inmates of this reed-formed habitation. So, telling Little Jim to await for the boat, I put the stock horse in the river, and began to swim across. The waves dashing in his face frightened him, and he sank his hind quarters so low as to make his back almost perpendicular, paddling with his fore feet like a dog. In this position I could not possibly keep in the saddle. Slipping out of it, I held on by the mane until the animal brought his back nearly level with the surface. I then got into the saddle again, but the frightened creature threw himself on his side and began to swim in that posture, leaving me to slip off and hold on by the tail. In this way we reached the opposite shore. Going up to the hut I found the inmates all in bed, and not at all pleased at being roused from their slumbers to meet such weather as that which had now set in. On my asking them to take the boat over and fetch Little Jim and my other horse to this side of the river, they refused to do anything of the kind unless I hired the boat and crew for the entire job of crossing drays, cattle, and party over the water. The price for the job was £60, and rations for the crew. This appeared to me monstrous, but, taking into consideration the difficulties before me, I struck the bargain, and the boat's crew entered the boat. My direc- tions on leaving the camp were to this effect. One hundred of the strongest bullocks were to be drafted out and driven through the morass to the water's edge, and then to be hur- ried over the river, while Little Jim and myself would wait for them on the opposite bank and round them up as they landed. When the boat left to fetch Little Jim and my horse, I stood on the bank and watched it. Arriving at the spot where Jim and the horse awaited them, they at once took Jim on board, and, putting a rope round the horse's neck, they endeavoured to pull him into the water. This he strenuously resisted, but was at last obliged to submit. When in the river they pulled away. " My God," I exclaimed, " his head is under water, he is drowning; the animal is not worth £10." Ah ! he has recovered, and his head is in a position in which he can breathe ; his price goes up . " Dear me, they are pulling the boat faster than he can swim — his head is down again — he struggles — he is not worth a five-pound note." They cease pulling, he rights himself, and the market value rises. " Con- found them, they are off again, pulling the boat at a rate that prevents my horse from keeping up with it ; his head is down again." Jim leans over the stern, lifts the animal's head, and, throwing himself on his side, the horse is towed to the bank, and landed. His price is again up, and £90 would not pur- chase him. The hundred strong bullocks are now seen mov- ing down the sandstone ridge. They are a fine looking lot ; and as they enter the swamp my heart rises to my throat, for the success of my experiment is about to be put to the test, and its result is extremely doubtful. They are moving along bravely, now and then sinking in the rotten places, but ap- proaching the water at a, steady pace. They are within fifty yards of the river, when, by all that's horrible, they sink down suddenly, and almost disappear. The men close on them and endeavour to urge them on, but the cattle only ring round and round, and render their situation extremely peri- lous. With all the power of my voice I called to the men to stand back ; they heeded me not. I cursed them, but the strong wind took my imprecations up the river, and they ex- ploded unheard. Stamping, raving, roaring, and cursing are of no avail when a strong wind is whisking the very sound from your lips, and bearing it (mingled with a smart shower) in the very opposite direction you wish it to travel. But what was I to do ? I had experienced the pain of seeing my pro- perty running away from me, and now I was looking, on while part of it was sinking in the earth, to be buried under the slime of this swamp and lost to me for ever. Philosophers may preach as much as they like about how their fellow mortals should bear affliction, but I never yet heard of a philosopher who had much property to lose — they were and are (almost all of them) in a state of impecuniosity. And as they can have no losses themselves, they may be able to bear the losses of other with calmness and satisfaction. At last the bullocks did themselves what my orders had been unable to accomplish ; they began to get furious and charge the men. This soon sent my pig-headed servants flying for their lives, and the cattle were set free. My men came down to the river side, and I crossed in the boat. On landing, the overseer asked me what was to be done. " Nothing," I answered. " Return all of you to the camp, and let a sentinel be stationed on the stony ridge and note all the beasts that leave the swamp, taking down the number leaving." At night, accompanied by another person, I took my station bidden in the reeds, near the outlet the animals had made for themselves, and the next morning we found only forty in the bog, about thirty of which left for the sound land during the day. In two days more only five remained, but they were wildly mad with anger and fear. They would not leave the small piece of sound ground on which they stood, but any per- son stepping on it did so at the peril of his life. One man threw his monkey jacket at one of these raging animals. As the jacket fell on the ground the bullock rushed at it, and believing his enemy was in it, he kelt on it, tore it with his horns, and bit it — all the time bellowing furiously. I had been so much engaged in the swamp for the last few days that I had not time to go to the camp. My meals were sent to me, and I devoted myself to the task of extricating the bullocks from this slough of despond. When I did go to the camp, to my astonishment I found it filled with savages. They were quite friendly, peaceable, and harmless ; and as I saw some way of employing them profitably I did not object to them, but insisted that every night they should go some distance off and camp by themselves. One morning I collected all the bullock chains, all the tether ropes, as well as other ropes belonging to the drays, and gathering about fifty blackfellows together I led them down to where the five bullocks remained bogged ; I also brought with me several pairs of hobbles. Having secured the ropes and chains together, I took the rope end of the line, and mak- ing a loop, which was put on the end of a long stick, endea- vours were made to get this loop over the head of one of the bullocks. Innumerable were the failures, and had the bullock possessed much of the much vaunted philosophy we should never have roped him, but our persevering attentions to him made him lose whatever little temper he had remaining in him, and regardless of consequences he left his firm ground and charged at us. The moment he was in the soft mire he sank down below his hocks, and was unable to move. Advan- tage was taken of his disaster, the rope thrown over his horns, and the blackfellows laying on to the line pulled the beast on his side, releasing his feet from the bog. The hob- bles were then put on, and the poor creature was dragged on his side out of the swamp. This process was not a soothing one, and by the time the beast was near dry land he was thirsting for revenge. Having got him thus far, a difficulty arose about setting him free — who was to undo the rope. It was arranged that the blackfellows should hang on to the line while the hobbles were being taken off, and then some person should go to the bullock's head and loosen the rope round his horns, and when the rope was taken off, this person was to fly back into the swamp. The experiment was a dangerous one, but I undertook the accomplishment of it. Luckily for me, when the hobbles were taken off, the animal did not at once feel that his legs were at liberty, and he let me get the rope off his horns before he rose to his feet, but the moment he felt the rope drop from his head he was on his feet and at me at once. I eluded him by running into a thick cluster of reeds on soft boggy ground where he could not pursue me. Going on to the firm ground, he drew himself proudly up, erected his head, gazed defiantly around, and giving a loud snort he gal- loped away. Poor devil ! The side on which he lay as he was dragged along was fearfully scarred and torn, and denuded of all hair. However, he was saved, and three others were treated in the same way, but when we came to the fifth we found that the wild dogs had been before us, and although the poor brute was alive they had eaten into his entrails. There was no helping him, so he was knocked on the head, and left him to feed his cruel enemies. The attempt at crossing the Murray at this place had turned out a failure, so another spot must be selected. Tired, baffled, disappointed, and downhearted, I returned to the camp, where I found the gentleman who was the owner of the strayed herd quietly seated near the fire with several of his servants, regaling themselves with my bread, tea, and sugar. He proved to be an old acquaintance, but for the life of me in my then state of mind I could not bid him welcome. From all that had lately transpired, it was plain to me that some time must elapse before I could cross the cattle, and that my provisions would barely last to feed my own party, and here was this fellow with his harpy-like servants pegging away at my scanty stores, and eating my bread with an appe- tite that was disgustingly unnatural. Hospitality is a noble virtue — a virtue, indeed, only exercised by man ; it elevates him above the beast, for whoever heard of or saw any act of hospitality practised by the lower order of beings. Our ancestors the baboons did not exercise it, and all animals fight over their food — even that noble creature the dog is guilty of such baseness. At the present moment I felt very much like a lower animal, and I had a great inclination to fight for my flour and other delicacies. However, the fellow seemed to enjoy himself so much and was so pressing in his entreaties that I should join him, and the monstrous absurdity of his conduct amused me so much, that I yielded to his invi- tation and made a hearty meal, and then coiling myself up near the fire was soon in a deep sleep. The weather still con- tinued stormy, wet, and cold. The next morning was no improvement on the previous one. On looking towards the river I perceived a long con- tinuous line of ducks flying towards the lakes. This line was never broken for one minute during the whole of that day, nor for many succeeding days. The line was composed en- tirely of the duck tribe — black duck, widgeon, and teal, with now and then a tree duck and a spoonbill duck. Flocks of geese came down the stream and large flocks of black swan, but they never mixed with or interfered with this particular line. The next day was spent in looking for a crossing place, and towards evening I selected a spot. It was not very far from the former place, about a mile and a half up the river, where the sandhills came down to the water's edge and no swamp intervened between the river and the dry land. The forest of pine trees came down to this point, and it appeared to me most suitable for my purpose But on the other side of the Murray a vast morass extended between the distant sandhills and the banks, but as there was a strip of dry, sound, firm ground near the stream I trusted to chance to reach the sand hills after the river had been crossed. Fatal trust, to be cruelly deceived, as the sequel will show. If we never trusted we should never be deceived. I think no person will controvert that proposition, but perhaps it is better never to trust fate or any other person — better to go through life with a bandage over your eyes, and catch what you can. If you knock up against angular corners, the mishap comes on you suddenly and unseen, and you have only to bear the present pain without bearing it in anticipation also. The spot selected, a stockyard was built and in a few days the work of crossing commenced, and in five days nearly all the herd were over on the narrow strip of land. Here it was necessary to watch the cattle through the night, and fires were lit at some distance apart to keep the herd from straying. One morning, after a most tempestuous night, I looked forth as daylight was dawning, and was sensible that a change had come over the scene, but as the light was not sufficiently clear to enable me to distinguish objects I had to wait until the morning had fully dawned. I then saw that the whole of the Murray flats were completely under water, and that the cattle were standing in a long line on the ribbon of sound land, which was now submerged. Calling up all hands we crossed over, and began to drive the cattle down the river, but in a short time the small strip of firm ground terminated, and there was nothing but quagmire beyond. There was nothing for it now but to recross the herd, and this was done in almost as many minutes as it had taken days to cross them. As I walked back to reach the camp I passed mounds of live rats clinging to the rushes and forming heaps like hay cocks. There must have been a vast number of these mounds, as they appeared in all directions — the poor vermin looking frightened, and yet vicious. The water must have driven them out of their holes. At the bottom of some of the mounds, and, indeed, also at the top and sides of them, were snakes of different species, but the black, the carpet, and the leaden coloured kinds predominated. Snakes swam about our feet, and made us somewhat uncomfortable. The river had been turned into an inland sea. Enormous flocks of black and white geese congregated on these waters, as well as crowds of black swan, but the line of ducks still followed the course of the river and was still unbroken. It may be here remarked that when the wind changed and came from the north, this line of ducks changed also, and flew to the north ward. More suitable place to pass over the river had to be again sought for. It was found some miles up the stream at a place now known as Wood's Crossing, although it was dis- covered and first made use of by myself. Here we found a high cliff rising from a swamp on each side of it, with a small shelf of limestone, on which grew a cluster of tolerably sized gumtrees. The opposite shore was firm, and there was a stretch of sound land leading to the sandhills at the back of the morasses. To this place we shifted our camp. The weather had now changed, the rain had ceased, and the wind shifted to the northward. In a short time the waters receded from the swamps, and everything wore a more cheerful aspect. The reason why the morasses had been submerged was this. The strong south-westerly wind which had been blowing for so many days had prevented the waters of the river from flowing freely into the lakes, and had indeed driven them back. Having no outlet, the waters spread them- selves over the low lands, and thus the Murray assumed the appearance of an inland sea. These obstacles to the river's flow having been removed, the country assumed its usual mien, and we were enabled to set about our work with more cheerfulness and hope. I am not aware that any overflow of the Murray similar to that which I have described has taken place since, Of course similar causes will produce similar effects, and it is quite possible that the country has been deluged as I saw it deluged if similar causes were at work. ( To be continued.) Take Off Your Coat, Gibbs.— Judge : " Where did you find that coloured man, officer ?" Officer : " I found him last night hanging around Devlin & Co.'s clothing store. Mr. Devlin has had a good deal of clothing stole lately, and I brought this man on suspicion." Judge : " What is your name, prisoner ?" Prisoner : " Napoleon Bonaparte Gibbs." Judge ; " What is your occupation ?" Gibbs : " I'se travelling agent for de new patent whitewash brush, sah." Judge : " Take off your coat, Gibbs." Gibbs : " I hope you 'scuse me, sah. I 'e been troubled lately with the 'fluency in the head, de 'zootic, sah. I'se very bad." Judge : " Take off your coat, Gibbs. (Gibbs takes off his coat slowly.) Judge : " Ah ! another coat under that ; nothing like being wrapped up well, as they say in Alaska when they go skating. Take off your coat, Gibbs." Gibbs : " I isen't well, I isen't sah. De doctor say. Napoleon, you wear plenty clothes.' De 'fluency, sah." (Takes off his coat.) Judge : " Ah ! What have we here? A swallow-tail ? Take off your coat, Gibbs." Gibbs : " Dis yere won't do, Judge ! I'se got a stuffiness in de borax. I'se very bad. (Takes off his coat.) Judge : " Ah ! A double- breasted frock ! Take off your coat, Gibbs." Gibbs : " Dar's gwine to be a funeral here, dar is, sah ; I feels de stuffiness rising in the borax." (Takes off his coat.) Judge : " What's this? A shooting-jacket, by the soul of Nimrod ! Take off your coat, Gibbs." Gibbs : " I'se gwine for a kerpus — I'se getting cold. Dis yere is murder in the fustest degree." (Takes off his coat.) Judge : " A linen-duster. I think I've got you down sto the hard pan, Gibbs. I shall commit you without bail." "Take him down gently, officer, far he is a lily— a lily of the valley. He toils not, neither does he spin : yet Solomon, in all his giory, was not clothed like him.- —New York Graphic. 