MRS. 'iJMAIA ll AltDIKdE-BtllTTM-X. This talented lady, who is announced in our advertising columns to deliver a lecture in the Masonic Mali on Kriday evening, the 10th inst., and who has been lecturing iu Melbourne for s-mno'iin-nths past to very crowded audiences at tiie Opera House, and who may justly be re* gardf.d as one of tiie ablest preaeliers of the new (i-Mpei, is likely to !iave i\ large and fashionable atuiieiici'. to meet her iu this city, ah^ being ad mitted to the highest circles of society both in Kuglan.l anil America, where she is Well-known and mm crsully respected. The following is a sketch of her career, as written by a gentleman an.I published in tile Sydney papers during her tu iet st.jouru there, and where she is shortly to return. Mrs. Batten is accompanied iu her Aus tralian tour !>y her husband, Dr. Britten :— "The advent of this celcuratcd lecturer in our city, til-; e.\\\\.ra'T.iniary assumptions of superior excellence, phenomenal power, and high iutel lecr.a-.il attainments, made ill her behalf by her S;k! -inialistio friends, rttid t-he really profound imir.-e i.'ion her as a lecturer created upon In.; au.iieuce at tlio Tomperance'Hail last '.light, may not render ft lev; items concerning the pa*t imtwry of Mrs. JSmm.i Hardihgo- Britteu unac ceptable to our readers. We are informed up m reliable authority that Mrs. Britten is a native of England, and though a resident in America during tho last twenty years, ,':e has Ireipieiitly 1'cturued to !ier own country, and became iuiai'.'siseiy popular amongst that por tion oi the British aristocracy who take an in terest in the marvels of Spiritualism and its kindred phenomena. In a Iar<_re and compen dious work, entitled, ''The HUfcory of Modern Auy.-rienn Spiritualism," o! which Mrs. Britten t'ao author may* be justly proud, she claims iiiat she was converted to the " nasv faith" some tweuty-onC years ago, and that although Kite yielded to conviction only, after a long and vell-foiu'ht battle with the theological preju dices of h'er early education, she found m the phenomena of Spiritualism a cluo to those mysteries of somuambulism, clairvoyance, and "ghost seeing," to which sho had all her lite been subject. Destined as a child to the operatic profession, she acquired some reputa tion as a composer, but her chief successes were achieved /in trie " somnambulistic condition," whtirsho could.play, sing, and compose,: wjtii a facility and power totally at variance with her ordinary stata. Mrs. "Britten being an enthusiast iu the faith xvlijch she row Pfofe53C3,;\Iovo'tsd I herself exclusively to its propagandism from thj I timn when she became convinced of its reality, ami some eighteen. years ago g we her services free to the public of New. York, in the capacity of what is generally termed "a te?t medium." During this period she assisted Professor? Mare and Mapes, and Judge Edmonds in their investigations; aided in the for mation of several Spiritualistic societies; organised choirs, composed Spiritual music, wrote numerous tracts and pamphlets on the new philosophy, edited weekly a periodi cal entitled Christian Sjnri'.ualiM, and conducted what was claimed to be a Ycry high-toned monthly journal entitled the H'e-sie™ Stnr. During the great American war, Mrs. Britten becamo a warm partisan of the Union cause, devoting so much of her time and service to the benefit of the Sanatory Fund that the JWir York Herald of 1S6.1 credited her with the amount of '20,000 dollars, raised by her lectures alone, iu behalf of the Union soldiers. During the last election of Abraham Lincoln, Mrs. Hardinge-Brittcu, at the earnest solicitation of the Union party of San Francisco, undertook to become its orator, and travelled throughout the State of California as the champion orator of the cause in favor of Lincoln. Her extraordi nary powers of oratory and irresistible pleadings were then, and still are, acknowledged to havt . been mainly instrumental iu procuring the large majority which that State accorded to the Republican cause, and there are many of the "old Californians " who still speak in terms of glowing enthusiasm of Emma Hardinge as the "California Hsroine" of that stupendous struggle. Mrs. Hardinge-Britten has long de voted herself to the laudable effort to found country retreats for poor outcast women, and besides her absorbing attention to her " favorite heresy," she has fovaid time to labor for many of tire popular reforms of Ainericau and English civilization. For the last few years Mrs. Britten has been honorably noteworthy for her open aud determined opposition to the in roads of what are known in America as the "social freedom" doctrines, whose advocates eiaiiaca m some way to associate themselves with the causo of Spiritualism, and the Sail Francisco J [orniny Call, gives Mrs. Britten high credit for redeeming it from the otiimn of any such association. Mrs. Britten comes to these colonies tfush*d with triumph from a series of brilliant successes achieved in her last 8.111 Francisco engagement. Being a member of the New York Theosophical Society, aud an associate of divers other societies for the study and practice of what she terms "Spiritual Science. " M rs. Britten fouudo.l in San Fran cisco a select private society for the study of occultism, in which, ast she alleges, she is sus tained by many of the leading judges, lawyers, and scientists of the city. On her departure for Australia some two months since her nume rous friends and admirers presented her with a splendid jewel of emblematic significance, com memorative of the society she had founded, the exhibition of which in the shop of the manufac turer created much curious speculation and in terest. To sum up, all that can be learned of .Mrs. Britten's past career is as strange and phenomenal as the doctrine she professes, hut of her intellectual powers, and her singular con trol over her audiences, the public of Sydney will now have au ample opportunity of judging for themselves. It is asserted by those who have attended the addresses she has already de livered in this city that for eloquence and im pressiveness they are unsurpassed by any ut terances to which they have ever listened, and evince the highest tone of culture and oratory. Mrs. Britten has coma to these colonies under a spu-cial engagement to lecture in Melbourne, where subscriptions were some time Biuce raised to bring her from America, She arrived with her husband, Dr. Britten, by the Inst San Francisco mail steamer, m foute dirept for Melbourne, hut being interviewed 011 the day of her arrival in Sydney by a few gentlemen to whom she was known by fame, she has been induced to remain for a fortnight, and after the conclusion of her engagement in Melbourne, is pledged to return and fulfil an engagement of several weeks in Sydney." 