? THEATRE ROYAL.—The burlesque of" Ivanhoe" was repeated on Wednesday evening to a very fair house, who seemed to be much pleased with the entertainment set before them The play went better than on the preceding evening, though some of the dramatis persona were not yet quite perfect in their parts. The handsome dresses, agreeable singing, and vivacious acting of Misses Howarde, Fischer, Knight, and Graham, and the comicalities of Messrs. Owen and Martin kept the audience thoroughly amused, and encores were numerous and unani- mous. evening. WHITE'S The burlesque will be repeated this ROOMS. — Rainford's Ghost entertainment was again well patronised on Wednesday evening, and greatly enjoyed by the andience. To-night there will be an entire change of programme, when Miss Amy Horton will take her benefit. This lady has contributed muchto the success of the entertainmentby her clever singing and dancing, and it is expected that she will have a bumper house on the occasion. WEST TOBBENS CRICKET CLUB.—A meeting of the members of this Club will be held this evening at Thebarton. ENTERTAINMENT AT GLENKLQ.—A11 entertainment will take place this evening at the Glenelg Institute in connection with the Glenelg Grammar School Cricket and Football Clubs. ADELPTTTAN CRICKET CLUB. — The annual meeting of this Club was held at Grafe's Rooms on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance of members, and the President, D: S. J. Magarey, occupied the chair. A satisfactory report- was received from the officers, -who on retiring received a hearty vote of thanks. Ten new members were elected. It was decided that the Club's colours should be in future orange and purple. The following are the officers for the ensuing season:—Patron, Mr. A. T. Magarey; President, Dr. S. J. Magarey ; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. Seary and Stevenson; Secretary, Mr. Geo. Oollis; Treasurer, Mr. F. Green; Captain, Mr. W. Green; Match Committee, Messrs. W. Green, G. Dempster, and J. Fairweather, The Committee were requested to do all in their power to support a second Oval. GUMERACHA CRICKET CLUB.—The opening meeting of this Club was held at the Institute on Friday evening, August 23. There was a good attendance, the number of new members joining being especially noticeable. All seemed .determined to make tbe ensuing season a successful one. The accounts showed a small balance in hand. The following officers were unanimously elected:—President, Mr. W . R, Randell, J .P.; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. J. Monfries, J .P., and S. Ridler; Captain, J. Blue; Hon. Secretary, D. Moffatt, jun.; Committee, Messrs. Moore, Afonfries, jun., Lee, Moffat, Kitto, the Captain, and Secretary. _ A difficulty" has been found in getting a suitable _ ground -for practioe, but it is hoped that this difficulty can be arranged, and the Club have every prospect of a successful season. COLLEGE PABE CRICKET CLUB.—The annual business meeting of this Club - was held at the Maid and Magpie Inn, Stepney, on Tuesday, August 27, about 26 members being present. The balance-sheet, which was read and adopted, showed thai; the Club was in debt to the extent of £3 12s. 9(1, on account of several of last season's subscriptions not having been paid, but before the meeting closed this amount was raised. -The following officers -were elected:— Patron, Lieutenant-Colonel Downes; President, Mr. C; Peacock, J.P.; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. J. A. Hartley, B.A.. B£c., A. W t Dobbie, J. Bertram, H. S. Anthony, Haywood, R. Knowles, W . R. Hunt, afad W.Dixon; Secretary, G. Gurr; Treasurer, J.- C. Sando; Committee, E.Scott, W. Denby, and J. Quilty ; Practice Captain, T. O. Richards; Vice-Captain, F. LeBeau; Association -delegate, G. Gurr. The members of the Club strongly expressed themselves in favour of a second Oval; Several new members joined the Club. " Didn't you guarantee that that horse wouldn't shy before the discharge of a cannon !" said*a fcavalry officered a horse- dealer. " Yes ,1 aid, and HI stick t6 it-," replied the dealer. « Hfi never shies till after tbe cannon is'fired," 