ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &C.; On Saturday night, at the Theatre Royal, jfr. Wallace appeared as Rory O'More in the old drama of that name. This play repre sents the Irish drama as it existed before Mr. I Boucicault flourished, and I do , not think jtfr. Boucicault has much improved upon it. I suppose everybody remembers poor G. V. Brooke in this piece. He played Rory O'More better than anybody I ever saw jn the part, or ever expect to see. For all this, Mr. Wallace does not play it ill. He satisfies reasonable expectation. He does not surprise you into delight, nor does he disappoint you. He gives you a moderate sort of content. If you had to judge him 'in the way of an exhibit, you might not give him a prize, but you would have no objection in awarding him honour able mention. To some of the others in the cast, you would hardly go so fair as to give a certificate <rf this kind. Thus you would not so distinguish the De Welskin of Mr. Vin cent, but you W6uld have ho objection in consenting to its . being .issued to Mr. Taylpt for his Old Scrubbs, to Mr. Appleton for his Shan Dhu, to'Mr. Stuart' O'Brien for his Colonel Thunder, to Miss Carrington for her Mary O'More, to Miss Ttfed way' for her Kath leen, and to Mrs. Appleton especially for her Betty. There followed to Rory O'More" what the bills call the sensation act of " The Man' from America'-that is to say, the scene in which the twp men hang from the gum-tree Qverthe sea« ' ,Thife .programme was repeated on Monday night,, and. on Tuesday Mr. Wallace took his benefit, and made hip last abearance. The bill included ''The Irish Emigrant" and " Guy . Mannering, the flatter 'very much shorn of its musical accessories. It would have been just as well if it had been shorn of them all, for Miss Neville, who played Lucy Bertram, cannot sing; Miss Carrington, who played Julia Mannering, does not sing much; and the chorus made only a depressing disturbance. I have heard " The Chough and Crow" sung 'spme scores of times, but 1 never heard it Bung, so badly as on Tuesday sight But I suppose the pro duction of the piece is to be explained only on the assumption that Mr.. Wallace wanted to play Meg Merrilies. and, therefore, the rest of the parts had to he cast somehow. So far p, the acting went, Mr. Wallace is to be ^amended; but as he spoke in a forced falsetto, the' effect - was not agreeable. And herein lies the difficulty when a man plays a woman's part. He must either possess ^n extraordinary power' of falsetto, like Mr Leon, or he musfc speak in his own' natural voice. If he do latter the feminine effect is, to that iexte^%ducedL ' If he have not a perfect falsetto; hefexcruciates you by his en. deavourp io^brci - I once saw Miss Cush. mtin play, Hef? Merriliea, and I suppose she Bpoiled riiefbr !ahy o^her representation of the part.' Astiie piece was, in a manner, ex temporisfedi' peijha^s a complete representa tion'of the difitev parts was not to b&'looked for, Some !of them, to be sure, are only neutral creations, arid could not be given other' than in a neutral fashion. Of these, Colonel Mannering is one. In the novel, as ; we know, this is a prominently distinctive cheiatter. In the play it is only a walking* : jjeritlemain, so that if Mt. Appleton did not achieve distinction in it, it was not his-fault So of the Henry Bertram, which Mr. Taylor played. But Mr. Greville, curjpusly enough, made but little of Dominie Sampson, nor Mr. Sefton of Dirk Hatterafck, nor Mr. Vincent of Dandie Dinmont The only part which had any force of colour was the Flora of Mrs. Appleton. It is a very subordinate character, but, so far as it went, she made it a principal onfe. ' Of " The Irish' Emigrant," I suppose those. ?wh6 have lived in Melbourne long enough Tern ember' poor John Drew in the part of O'Biyan. Nobody ever could play the peasant Irishman aB John Drew could play him, tmd I suppose nobody ever wilL His humour was of a kind without any parallel. But Mr. Wallace is not a bad successor to him, lotiffo mtervallo. Mr. Appleton was well suited aB Tom Bobolink, and Miss Medway Ws not ill^iuited *s< Polly Bobalink, and "5frt. Sryer wise in-her element as Mrs. Grim gri&ri;&' There 'ta -good stuff in this little drama bfA' The Irish Emigrant" if it be only piitioiigo^d'iiw.' ' Between thfeee Wo pieces Mr. Wallace, toade a speech. He seemed to be overpowered: with gratitude. - He is: thankful for small | mercieB. for hiserigafcemeht at the Theatre j Royal hag (not been a-very prosperous one, ] judging it by thejhouses hfl has had, andj ^Bpedally 'ju^ing it by the house on. this' "particular night; of his benefit ' On Wednesdaytheperforaianoes were: .forj the benefit of the widowB and orphans of, 'those wvecked^ahd do^t in theLochArd.; Not SuchaFool as He Looks,1*)' with Mr. J Cbppin«adll*. Affeleton in the cast; Messrs.; Cheeveis and'Kennedy i in -aptae of. their clever '^specialties;"- "The; Wanderingi Minstrel/' arithlfev Coppinin hi&" immortal ' Partof Jim Bsggt ;-.andisoni6sdbdued<humoar by the other Georgia Minstrels,isade tip the| Program ato,- Thtre nvas m! godd house, find TbittPearee'vtaa^BBsents:'r'! ' r ' Ott!Thtbfedai''night Mr. Defines; of iSydney, bf whoni kt goAd de&l; hail ibeen heard, flayed Habklfefc. tetiMM be veryiglad W uayl was delights irithJtflaactiiigv a went prepared *o %ie< ibuch ,flea»d,' 'fiJid l atin mbch' dis dtp%i«ing compelled to 'Bay l was y* Its i-triU>oth^t 'very fewm&i; onfe a poetical ' noQon of the <ShafaetJ8^ tfutxt least «*e has aright to exp%tt.33i&%tt be tod fchoMd lJtnowVthe oflih^\«MdB., MlB. <Defci«;i <Ser texitiw&d;'frainwire he was ignorantof ^signification of many of the words and phrases. He seemed to have no preconceived theory of the character. I could wen have heaved that he had been obliged to play it) and had to do the M8t he could under compulsion. If he has been misled by injudicious friends, I am sorry for him. Candour compels me, however, to assure him that he does not understand the character, and it is not to be wondered at, therefore, that he failed to make its meaning apparent to others. He neither looked, spoke, nor acted Hamlet. On this occasion some of the other characters were differently filled from what we have been accustomed to. Thus, Miss Medway played Ophelia very dismally; Mr. Vincent, the king murderously; Miss Neville, the player- queen negatively, and Mr. Whyte, Polonius Scottiehly. And concerning this latter re presentation, you see how useful the stage is m determining the nationality of a cha racter. But for Mr. Whyte you would never have known that Polonius was a Scotchman. It is quite superfluous to say that Mr. Apple ton did complete justice to the part of Laertes; that Mr. Taylor was quite at home as Horatio; that Mr, Saville made a very presentable first actor; that Mr. O'Brien was a creditable ghost, and that Mrs. Appleton or, it you like it better,-Miss Jenny Bryce-as Osric, not only looked very pretty, but played with, a most discerning intelligence. Last night Miss Soldene was to take her benefit with a varied and attractive bill. Thus, Mr. and Mrs. Tavares were to appear in the screen scene of "The School for Scandal," to "which was to follow an act from " The Grand Duchess," with, of course, Miss Sol-, dene herself as the Duchess. Then was to come a concert, with Mrs. Bracy, Miss Liddle> Mr. Farley, Signor Giammona, and Signor Orton in it. Miss Soldene was to sing a new song by Mr, Alfred Plumpton, a composer of repute, who has just come among us: and after an operetta (new to ub here) by Offenbach, entitled " Breaking the Spell," Mr. George Leopold and Mr. John Wallace were to do something funny. During the -evening there was to be a presentation to Miss Soldene, and she was to make a pretty speech in reply. To-day Miss Soldene sails by the Chimborazo for the old country. She will leave pleasant memories behind her. For a bright, cheery, dashing actress in a certain department of the drama I do not know her equaL She sings 'as if it made her happy to sing, and, for that reason, she makes others happy. I am sure we shall all think of her as a lady to whom vye are indebted for much genuine enjoyment. To-night Mr. and Mrs. Darrell will .appear in Mt; DarrelTs drama of " Back from the Grave." With them also will appear Miss Solange Navaro, a young lady who was in Melbourne six or seven years ago, and who has since been gaining much praise both in Sydney and Hew Zealand as an elegant comedienne. At the Princess's the public continue to throng in such crowds that the manager is in despair at not being able to accommodate all his patrons. If the theatre were twice ab Jorge it would be filled. I do not know whether it be the pathos of little Mibs Russell as Era, or the humour of Miss Fanny Wiseman as Topsy, or the ferocity of Mr. Unssell as Legree, or the naturalness of Mibs Foley as Eliza, or the manliness of Mr. Boothman as George, or the cheery fun of all the Georgiaa together, but it i& certain that the manager has struck a rich reef, which, up to thiB present, shows no signs of giving out; In like manner, but perhaps , in a some what less degree, the same may be said of ' * Our Girls" at the Academy. It draws, but for quite opposite reasons. Nevertheless, it draws, and I suppose the manager does not trouble himself to know the reasons, so long as his house is filled. . . At the Opera-house we are having the last days of opera, for on Monday Mr. Lewis .will take possession, and I suppose a dif ferent class of performances will be the rule. On Saturday and Monday nights " Der Freischutz" was given,Avith Madame Simonsen as Agatha, Mr. Beaumont as Max, Miss Fischer as Anna, and Mr. Templeton as OBcar. On. Tuesday and Wednesday Miss Sherwin appeared for the first time in " Man .tana." On Thursday night that real humourist Mr. George Leopold took his benefit, and . gave the second act of " La Fille de Madame Angdt,"the second act of "TheBohemian . Girl," and the third and fourth acts of " la, Perichole." In addition, Mr. Simonsen plp$ed pome selections in his best manner. Last night the season was to finish with " p?he Koseof Castile," and I suppose from| fom t-i*nA the distinctively lyrical character of: . this house will cease, at any rate for some; timet for on Monday the Gpera-hou^e is toj b? opened under the new management of; Mr. G. B. W. Lewis! A burlesque with the, titleof "Oxygen" will be played, and /thej cast, besides Miss Minna Fischer and Mr.: Thome, -include oar old friend Missj T.-y^ift TTtywarde. whp has been for several, y9m p*sfrin New making. manyj friends $nd gaining mjichpiaise- . . r ; The K<*lly and Leon Minstrels, pt-ist. ^rgeVHall, are bringing their very at . tractive performances to', a close, and very shortly they wee going tp Adelaide.; But they $re surf to return to Melbourne, where they have enjoyed a continuance of populanty, if not without precedent, certainly , without ' many'examples. As might be expected, Mr. LeonVbenefit on Thursday night ?was- repr? eented by a crowded house. A ^feature oa was "The Cat Due^t?' between Mr. K$lly. and Mr.. Leon, Bu£, indeed, Mr. Leon's popularity is sufficiently great to have made it suite unnecessary to give jny novelty.' Tonight there wiU. open at this Muse a . pantascope, representing the grot . route frwp New York to -San AfrtwBnm for the benefit s of ,^lr. W. f: ^ peyfonnere .werei ^KSsfwSTthe exception of the con toctor. Mr. Ktog. «n4.« » M it tacidentall) proved that, wuong amrtera in thiB city, there is a large measure of much more than average talent It was a most i pleasant entertainment, and I can only hope that each agreeable gatherings will be more frequent. . It would be unjnst not to mention that Mrs. Mitchell projected, managed, and successfully carried through this elegant en tertainment to the end. On Monday night, at the Town-hall, Signor Bosnati will take his farewell of Melbourne. He has been six years with us, and he has deserved exceedingly well of the musical public. Indeed, there ought to be no need for BO excellent a lyric actor to go away from ub. He leaves in a few days for the United StateB, to fulfil an engagement there. His ; good-bye concert will be sure to be well at tended. On Monday, at the Apollo-hall, Mr. Collier played Hip Van Winkle with some measure of success. Last night the Rev. Charles Clark was to h deliver again, in the Town-hall, his delightful lecture on the " The Merrie Monarch." The popular concerts at the Town-hall quite deserve their name. The last addition to the list of performers has been Mr. Marshall,' late of the Soldene company. Everybody knows what a humourist he is. Miss Jukes is making her abilities recognised, and of Mr and Mrs. Bracy it' is needleBs to speak, for their performances do that for themselves. On Saturday Mr. and Mrs. Elmblad gave another of their concerts at the Town hall, land on Monday they appeared at the concert of the Liedertafel at the Athenaeum. The Liedertafel concerts are generally well attended, but on this occasion there was a cram, and only by the courtesy of Mr. Miller, th6 omnipotent secretary, was I enabled/to get a seat, although I was there 20 minutes before the time of commencing. The pro gramme was, however, very attractive, for besides Mr. and Mrs. Elmblad, there was Miss Sherwin, «nd there was Signor Ortori It iB something to see a hall besieged at a concert of which. there had not been the least public announcement, and the parti culars of the programme of which had been kept aa much as possible a secret. It speaks well for the interest shown in the society. I certainly think it was a pity this concert was not given in the Town? hall. I am sure it ..would have been well filled, for all that no one is admitted .save members and those who are specially invited. And before speaking of the music let me say a word or two about the programmes, or rather of the paper upon which they are printed. l am satisfied that only about one person in a hundred has a musical ear. On no other assumption oan I explain the piesti-: lent habit most pieople have of creaking and rustling their programmes while a piece is being played or srnifc. Upon me the effect is distractingly irritating,, and to the performer it must be maddening.:. I would recommend, therefore, that "the programmes of theLiederr tafel be printed either upon unglaeed calico or upon cards. Perhaps satin would be better, only it .would cost .too touch money. As the music.at the Metropolitan Liedertafel is always worth listening to, perhaps the managing committee will not regard this suggestion as beneath their notice. I suppose there are some people who cannot understand, and who therefore are unable to enjoy, Mr. Elmblad's singing. It is their misfortune that nature has left out of: their organisation some element, lacking which they cannot comprehend his rare excellence^ They suffer from a kind of aesthetic deafness. I should he sorry for' them if they did not! persist in declaring that those who dp enjoy Mr. Elmblad's singing are mistaken. I am not sure if the Elmbladphobists are not mad, j and ought to'be taken care of. In other; particulars they are very estimable persons, , and I suppose it is fcest not to argue With; them, just as it is of no use argning with a j mnn who suffers from colour-blindness, and 1 to whose eyes green appears red. Especially; concerning Mr. Elmblad's singing of "The; Erl King" isi there controversy. To me his j declaiming of " The Erl King" is a drama in: little. So also of Ms passionately reproach, j ful delivery of "I'll not repine," which ex-j presses a whole-story in-five minutes. Off \- bis shepherd'^ song, or as it is in'.the! Swedish, "The Swineherd's Song," and of; the Bacchanal, I nfever heard anything morel . truthful in the.w»y Idfrrocal emphasis than; these'two. On.jbhis Liedertafel* occasion! -Mrs. Elmblaifrcreated something approach ing a feensatiohfby, her wonderfully expressive playing of Chopin's op. 22. .The effect got by contrast between -thetwo portions was so ex cellent that it haunted you after the bounds - ,< ceased. Miss Sherwin ;sang twice, en this; r. occasion, and sang icharmingly. -But let me givethis friendly oaiition; she issinging tooi : much, and ifshedonot takecateahe willj ' ruin her voioe, and .tjhat would.be a pity, for: it is exceptionally; Bwett and .flexible. ' Signor i Ortorfs playing grows upon you. He has ?trinftnhft power, weird ? power, such as they say Fagtaini had.iaiuH think Sigribr .Ortori' : will be hea^ of^ i^tfee other hemisphere-j During the evening, at this concert,, the' j genial: (president, {b.r GemihelU presented! Mr. Elmblad with the golden lyre of the! ; society,.'' the' highest hohoor the Liedertafel! , cahloffef. The compliment was welldesfirved,; j and it was most etitcefolly acknowledged byj ? the recipient. Mr. Gemmiell regretted that the , rules of the'Bocietyi preverited his offering ,the lypeto ^rs. Elmblad i^so. T0;.wjiic|»4ljcftn; %t . sa^JhfiiJ^society wll as ; speedityas pdtfSiblfe alrertnia rule. , r ; i ? . To-night, at^thieToWn-hsjl, t h&lase; of: the ! ©mbladperfotmani3te8'!willtakeplaceiI1': : \- I tononncftl,,w»ek;before;te8ti^tot.Ka(le-! i ,moie^e Qto^ubpm, ? had arrived irom India. She, ww appear in public. Also will aMiear' Madame' - Tasca. anatHferuiafiniirtei'who aaao has' cbmel , f jom lljadia, W that, it will be s^en we hayei . , nnita n nlethoraof .talent in this .direction! justnaw. , iV 'wm\f 