COUNTRY NEWS. AT Felltimber Creek, about three miles from Wodonga, a farmer named Robt. Magee, with his wife and child, have been smothered to death by charcoal fumes. Mr. Magee had lately erected a brick bedroom, in which he and his wife, together with the youngest child—a mere infant—used to sleep. There was no fireplace in the room, neither was it ventilated; and yet, in spite of the warnings of neighbours, the deceased was in the habit of burning charcoal. On Monday morning the eldest girl, twelve years of age, opened her parents' door, and immediately called out to her sister that her father was dead in bed. A neighbour, Mr. Dibley, on arriving at the bedroom, saw that Mr. and Mrs. Magee were quite dead. They were lying composedly in bed, as though asleep. The child was lying across its mother's arm, and was alive, but the poor little thing expired about an hour afterwards. An inquest was subsequently held, when a verdict was given to the effect that death had been occasioned through the inhalation of charcoal vapour. A YOUNG man named Ryan, of Carlton, whilst playing in the football match between the Carlton United and the Barwon clubs, at Geelong, on the 24th ult., had his collarbone broken, necessitating his removal to the Hospital, where the injury was attended to. We perceive, from an obituary announcement in our columns this week, that another old colonist has passed away—viz., Mr. T. Collins of Taradale. He was a native of Clare, Ireland, and at a very early age began to take an active part in religious and national affairs, his interest in them surviving to the last. He was a resident of Melbourne in the early days when an attempt was made to interfere with religious liberty. He lived in the Castlemaine district for nearly a quarter of a century and earned for himself the good will and esteem of all classes of the community, as was shown by the immense concourse of: people that followed his remains on Wednesday, 22nd May, to the Taradale Cemetery, where the very Rev. Dean Geoghegan, of Kyneton, per formed the last sad and solemn offices. REGARDING the sparse attendance at the Governor's levee, and the questionable tactics resorted to by the Ministry, the Ararat Advertiser says:--"We note, with pain that while Sir Hercules Robinson's levee in Sydney, where there is so much less population, attracted an attendance of 900, Sir George Bowen's attendance was only 530, or thereabouts ; and we regret it because the absence of the Conservative party, to a great extent, is likely to foment the lamentable class feelings and prejudice which are gaining ground here. But perhaps the Ministry are more to blame than anyone. Their unscrupulous attempts to 'pack' the levee by bringing influence to bear upon the civil servants, and by send- ing passes wholesale to persons in the country, must have disgusted many who would otherwise have atttended. The Ministry have sown the wind and they have reaped the whirlwind." A RATHER peculiar disease, says the Kyneton Observer, is at present prevailing to some extent amongst the horses in the Kyneton district. The first symptoms are a slight lameness in the hind legs, then the sinews of the same legs become contracted, and the horse appears half paralysed. Swelling of the joints then succeeds, and if care is not taken the animal is very apt to die. The complaint is said to be caused by the fresh young grass which has sprung up after the late rains, and which acts upon the kidneys in such a manner as to induce the symptoms detailed above. The Bendigo Advertiser states that " The selectors in the Rochester district are put to great inconvenience and much annoyance owing to the Minister of Lands, Mr. Longmore, insisting upon personal attendance at the applications for leases, instead of allowing them to be represented by other persons as heretofore. Two persons at Ballarat have, it appears, been amusing themselves in playing ghosts. A little girl was so seriously frightened that she was nearly driven into fits. Alluding to the recent demonstration of the unemployed, the Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser remarks :—"There can be no doubt that the late revolutionary acts of the Ministry have given a severe check to the investment of capital in this colony; they have driven many capitalists to turn their attention to the other colonies, and have created in the minds of others a feeling of insecurity and distrust, which has caused them to be very wary about investing their money. We are not surprised that the building operatives of Melbourne should complain that there is nothing doing in the way of building, and that the number of unemployed is very large. For this they must thank their rulers, the present Ministers of the Crown, who have done their utmost to drive capital out of the colony, who never tire of denouncing the capitalists, of representing the wage-paying class as the bitter enemies of the wage-earning classes, and of setting the latter against the former. The inhabitants of Kilmore and district were thrown into a great state of excitement on the 24th ult., on hearing that Mr. Jas. Still, sen., an old and much respected farmer of the district, had committed suicide by hanging himself. A magisterial inquiry was held on Saturday, before Mr. Wm. Hartnell, J.P., when a verdict of having committed suicide while suffering from temporary insanity was returned. From the evidence given, it appears that Mr. Still's mind has been upset through his having somewhat hastily purchased a large property. Much sympathy is felt for is widow and friends. Practical proof of the dearth of employment among the labouring classes was afforded on Saturday morning, by the number of men that turned up at the drainage works near Emerald Hill. An advertisement appeared in the morning papers, calling for 100 men, but more than three times that number appeared. About 100 of these were engaged. The land to be drained is situated between the Hobson's Bay Company's railway line and the sea, and is partly covered with a sheet of water, In its present condition it is practically valueless. The Portland fishermen have just received from England an immense net, about eighty fathoms long and seven and a half fathoms deep, which they intend putting to rather a novel use. The idea is, when they come across a large shoal of fish, to enclose them in this immense net, and, having taken out what is required, to close the net and paddock the remainder of the fish until required. By this means, great waste that is at present unavoidable will be prevented. At a public meeting at Horsham on Saturday night, Mr. Clark, the member for the Wimmera, stated that it was the intention of Mr. Longmore to set aside 200,000 a year from the land fund, to be loaned to selectors at 6 per cent. . ONE effect of the extreme moisture of the present season (says the Horsham Times) is the rapid growth of self-sown crops, and this is the occasion of great perplexity to farmers , who have no stock to eat such crops down, and in conseqnence of the late drought the number of farmers who are in this position is by no means small. We heard of a, case the other day of a farmer at Kalkee who owns 2000 sheep, having no less than five applications at one time from different neighbours for the loan of his sheep to eat their crops down, and in trying to oblige them all the sheep-owner was driven to his wits' ends with their numerous disputes; one complaining that So-and-so was keeping his sheep longer than he ought to, and another that it was his turn next, and so on." As an inistance (says the Warrnambool Standard) of the "black bile of personal malignity" which characterises the present administration, and as showing the petty manner in which they wreak their vengeance on all those who will not bend to their will, we may mention that the gentle- man who for years past has been the medical attendant at the Warrnambool gaol, has been informed that his "services are no longer required." The post was one that brought in the munificent honorarium of £10 annually on an average, so that its loss will not be severe. Mushrooms are reported from Albury measuring 27 and 24 inches in circumference. 