IffiWS OF THE DAY. It will bs seen from our telegrams that her llsjesty has again been subjected to the momentary annoyance of a hare-brained individual's threats, who will probably join th, two misguided men in the Bethlehem Hospital detained there during " ber u.-r.Btv'a Dleasure" for attempts on ter life' in past years. Although this affair fcis scarcely any connection with the threats of the Socialists, who avowed their intention of aiming at the life of every European sovereign on the execution of Dr. _ Hoedel icr the attempted assassination of tho Emperor of Germany, still it . is worth noticing, in association with the re- c,at attacks within the last few weeks on tho lives of King Alfonso of Spain and King Lambert of Italy. The importance oi our telegram this morning relating to Afghanistan can hardly bo over-estimated, as the Anglo-Indian and Enssian troops must inevitably come into collision very shortly. In April of the present year "General Melikoff assembled a torco of £0,000 men at Krasnovodsli, 10 000 of these troops being withdrawn from the Russian army operating in Armenia .jainst Turkey. The force whioh accom panied the Russian envoy to Cabul was stated by the Turkestan Gazette, a Russian official publication, to consist of 15,000 men, and this force must he ttill in the vicinity of the Afghanistan capital. Probably when General Kaufmann trithdrew recently from Cabul in the direc tion of Herat, as announced in one of our telegrams a few weeks since, he left this large force still encamped no great dis. U. ccfrcmthecapital. Hishomeward jonrney, officially intimated to the British Govern ment by Prince Gortsehakoff, was evidently m attempt to deceive Lord Salisbury, and tho presence of this force hav ing become known, the British Go- rernTncnt demand its recall, as stated in oar telegram. Tho force under General EiJdulpb advancing on Cabul by Jellalabad,- va3 estimated by the Bombay corres pondent of the London Times last Octo ber to number 35,000, and as they are now within a short distance of the apot where the Russian army fs, the capital lying between them, both nrmies will soon be face to face, unless the Russian Government comply with tho demand of the British Cabinet to recall their forces. The proposed' banquet to Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson, to take place immediately prior to their departure for England, is likely to become a somewhat imposing affair. It was at first intended that the attend ance should be confined to Liberal members of Parliament, but the movement is being rr.pi lly taken up outside, and the affair is assuming such large proportions that it has been determined to hold the banquet in the Melbourno Town Hall. It is anticipated thut mayors and councillors of the cities, towns and boroughs and a number of pre sidents of shire conncils will be present. On tbe morning of tbo embarkation a procession rill escort the embassy from tbe Treasury t ) tbe railway station. For the accommodation of persons desir ing to write an endorsement of the route or name of a vessel, or add anything to tbe niidress of letters, &c.;, about to be posted, tbo Postmaster-Goneral has caused ink wells and a supply of pens to be provided for tbe ase of the publio at each ond of tbe stamp lobby at tho General Post Office, an arrange ment which, it is believed, will he found to ttford very general convenience. Mr. \Toads has entered heartily into the wishes of tbe Safety Cages board of iuqniry, under whose auspices a trial of safety appli ances will take place at Sandhurst on the 17th inst. He has granted a free pass to exhibitors of safety cages and their inven tions over the lines of railway, and in addi tion thereto the board notify that all gentle men presenting their circular of invitation at Stawell, Ballarat, Maryborough and OaBtle- maine stations will be entitled to receive a return ticket to Sandhurst at holiday excur sion rates, available from the 16th to the £0th inst. inclusive. In connection with the Pine Arts com mittee of the proposed Ieternational Exhi bition to be held in Melbourne in 1S80, it hr.s been thought necessary to call for designs for tbe official seal, medal and form of certificate. For the most appropriate design tbe committee offer a premium of £25 in er.o'u instance. Tho competitors must send in tbeir designs, &c.;, to tho secretary prior to Thursday, tbe 21st of March, 1879. Artists in any of the9oloaies of Anotralasia may compete for the prizes. The steamship Aconcagua, from London, after calling in at St. Vincent's, the Cape ef (food Hope and Adelaide, arrived in Hob- son's Buy early yesterday morning. She made an excellent pns9ngo of 'or-.v.foar days sixteen hours and a-nalf T >in .Plymouth, in cluding stoppages of jtvo d.ys 'hirteen hours sud thirty-five minutes at the difieront ports touohed at, thus giving the actual steaming time forty-one days seventeen honra and seventeen minutes, allowing for the differ ence of time in longitude. She only brings three days' later dates than were received by the last mail ®ia Brindisi, but Cape of Good Hope dates to tbe 21st of last month. The total number of passengers brought by the Aconcagua was 454, nil in excellent health, snd thoroughly satisSed with the ship and the kindness shown towards them by Captain Conlan and his officers. The ship resumes her voyage to Sydney to-day at coon. In the erioket match between the Aus tralian Eleven ond Fifteen of Victoria, the ormer continued their firBt innings on the .esumption of tbe game yesterday. Four wicket Sr—1 those of the two Bonnermans, Horan and Spofforth-— were down for 47 runs only whenBnnnerman and Murdockbecamees- sociated, and raised the total to 133 before their separation. The innings finally con cluded for 193, Garrett making top score with 53, Gregory coming next with a well Cot 39, that being the number also made by Murdock. Palmer, the Sonth Melbourne colt, performed remarkably well for tbe littcen, securing the Bonnermans and Gar rett, all of whom ho bowled, Gaggin and Bronho started tbe second innings of the fifteen very well, sb tbey put 50 on the board before tho former was bowled by Gar- reft, but then several wickets fell quickly and seven were down for 91, when Alex- seder and Major got together and could not he dislodged, the total, when stumps were drawn, being 147. The gamo thus promises to be olosely contested, and as it has been arranged to play it out on Monday if not finished to-day tho interest will be sustained to the end. There were about 4000 people present yesterday, despite the intense heat. No fresh intelligence is to hand with re gard to the movements of the bushrangers. Tho police are evidently making great efforts to efl'eot their capture, and probably the in crease in the amount placed on Ned Kelly's head will enable them to effect tbeir pur- p 'Be sooner than may be anticipated. From tho message from our own reporter it will be Seen that Captain Standish intends that the reflection cast upon the coorage of the police by tbe black tracker shall be tho roughly investigated. The man Lynch, who is in custody on tho charge of having written a threatening letter for the purpose of intimidating a person who was assisting towards tho capture of the Kellys, was to havo been tried at the Leoeral Sessions at Benalla on the 19th inst., bnt it has been deoided to change the venue. It is thought inadvisable, after tecent events, that the trial should take place in that district. In all probability tho man will bo brought down to Melbourne. The military enmp at Brighton, which bas been valuable to all branches of the service, hut more particularly so to tbe artillery, was formally brought to a conclusion yesterday afternoon. There was a good muster of tbe E'<st Melbourne and St- Kilda batteries, and. the men were marched out with their guns aud exercised with shot and shell practice- A Blender, mast bearing a small flag was moved oat about 300 yards in the sea, and serred as a target. Tho shooting was exoel. lent, and it wns olearly demonstrated that no $hip's boat or small launch would ever be able to effect a landing if within range of a battery of either ,the three-pounder mountain guns, or tbo six- pounder Armstrong's. As soon as it became dark firing was discontinued, and the gnns .were taken back into camp in sections of half-batteries. Major Sargood, who was in command, manoeuvring the men on c.be road. After tea the commandant accompanied by Captain Bull and Captain Stubbs, took his departure, and the camp Was declared to be broken up. Before the men left, however, Major Sargood again bad them out and ex ercised them for two or three hoars at bri gade drill. . The majority of the men thea returned to town, but several remained on the camping ground for tho night. This morning the men ot the Victorian artillery Will strike the tents ond prepare for the re turn of all the impedimenta to the depot. The weekly meeting of the executive com mittee of the Intercolonial Juvenile Exhibi tion was held on Friday ; Judge Cope in the chair. In answer to a letter from tbe secre tary of the Covent Garden Market, it was agreed to write asking for terms upon which the building could be obtained for a out four months- The report of the finance committee, recommending accouuts to the amount of £75 2s., was passed for payment. Seven members of the executive committee agreed to give two days each 'for the pur pose cf placing the objeots of the exhibition before the citizens of Melbourne at once. Tbe list of patrons, Ac., was further con sidered and added to. Messrs. T. alters and D. White were unanimously elected on the committee. The appeal of Mr Philip Russell, late M.L.C., waa heard in tbe Land Tax Court yesterday, and tho classification of the estate was upheld. The mode in which the ca3o was conducted by the appellant was ad versely commented on by Mr. J. X. I. Smitb, who conducted tbe cases for tbe Crown, and bis strictures were fully endorsed by tbe commission. A epecial meeting of the Brunswick Borough Council was held on Thursday evening, when a rate of one shilling in tbe pound was ordered to be struck and col lected in two moieties. The appeal court was also fixed for the Sth January ensuing. The Borough Council of Brunswick and the Shire of Coburg met in conference on Thursday evening with regard to the rail way accommodation to those places. It was resolved to send a deputation to the Minister of Railways, to ask if the existing proposal is intended to satisfy the whole of Bruns- wiok and Cobnrg ; and to urge upon Mr. Woods the construction of a line from tbe North Melbourne station, aa opposed to the projected line from Richmond to Cobnrg. It was also considered that tbe proposed rail way should be connected with the North eastern line at some convenient point. It was further resolved to hold a public meet ing in both places, and the town clerk was instructed to make arrangements with Mr. W. M. Cook, M.L.A., to introduce the deputation, and also to invite the presenco and sympathy of the members for the South Province. Tbe following tenders werejaccepted by tbo Railway department yesterday, viz. :--Leaso of refreshment room for two and a half years at Colac, Miss Dunn, £120 ; at Sale, Mr. P. Fiunigan, £75. The Australian Eleven are to bare a grand cricketers' reception on Wednesday next on their arrival in Ballarat. The day will be very generally given over to holiday-makind, a bank, corporation, and State school half- holiday having been proclaimed in honor of the visit. The Chief Secretary and Sir Bryan O'Logh- len are to address a meeting to be held at tho Mechanics' Institute, Williamntown, on Monday evening next, under tho auspices of tho local branch of tbe National Reform League. The embassy will be the principal subject of the speeohes. Mr. A. T. Clark, M.L.A., will occupy thechair. The barque Medea was sighted off Gabo Island at half-past eleven a.m. on the 11th inst. by the steamer Adela, when bernaster reported that on the morning of tlio 9th inst. one of tbe seamen named John King was lost overboard. The half-yearly meeting of tlio Melbourne Early Closing Association wob held at the Atheotenm last evening. There wasa good at tendance of members, tbe chair being occu pied by Mr. A. Hunt. Tbe report for tho half-year stated that the association was almost a3 much required as it was on tho first day of its existence, Iu the absence of that agitation which it was tbeir study to effect, the large houses might soon be neces sitated to drift baok into those long and weary hours which are still observed in most of the smaller houses. The assistants should therefore give tangible proof that they really prize the inestimable boon of short hoars, whioh might never again be obtained if once forfeited through insufficient zeal, if not utter indiffereooe. It could soareely be credited that there were to be found assist ants who refused to pay those subscriptions to whioh they were in bonor pledged, whilst others paid with so bad a grace that it was a difficnlt matter, in some bouses, to get anyone to perform the office of col- lector. The afternoon promenade con cert f&f; the benefit of the hos pital had enabled them to present £33 17s. Id. to that institution, and by vir- tne of that donation Mr. Hunt, the chair man, bad been made a life-governor. Tho chairman moved the adoption of the report, and urged on members the necessity of spreading tho principles of early closing ; at the same time be repeated a complaint made at the last half-yearly meeting that the wives and families of eight hours' men pa tronised and encouraged late hours. 'J he report was adopted, together with the balance-sheet, which showed a crcditof £67. The retiring secretary (Mr. Curtis) and trea surer (Mr. Blake) were re-elected, together with a committee of management, after whioh the meeting closed. The Curator of the Estates of Deceased Persons bas obtained rules to administer the following estates James Mackie, Rich mond, £60; William ICayley, Hosier- lane, off FHnders-lnue east, Melbourne, £33 18s.; William Stephen Green, Dove- street, Rich mond, £9 ISs. 7d.; William Stewart, Waudiu Yalloalt, near Lillydale, £ 1 51 Is. lid. A sale of Crown lands was held yesterday by Messrs. Byrne, Vale and Co. Several lots of land were offered in the town of Emerald- bill, a portion of whioh were sold. The proceeds of the sale amounted to about £670. Mrs. W. J. T. Clarke, mother of Mr. W. J. Clarke, died yesterday morning. Mrs. Clarke had been ailing for some days. The funeral will take place to-day, at tbo Mel bourne Cemetery. It was only yesterday that we announced amongst our obituary notices the death of Mr. Thos. Biggs Clarke, the Bon of the Mrs. Clarke aDove-men- tioned, so that tbe family bas suffered a double bereavement. Tbe following casualties were yesterday admitted into' the Melbourne Hospitul James Smith, aged 20, a resident of tbe Lower Plenty, suffenna from a fractured leg, caused by a kick from a horse; James Foley, aged 15, living in Nott-street, Sandridge, wbo tell off tbe roof of Swallow and Ariell'o factory, aud broke his leg ; John Williams, aged 13, resi dent of Woodstock, suffering from fractured arms, caused through his beiug knocked down and trodden upon by a horse ; Edith M'Amisb, aged fire years, living in Little Ox ford-street, Collingwood, who tell downstairs and injured her head- A man was admitted into the institution at about 9 o'clock last night, suffering from a fractured kuee and severe internal injuries. Ho had evidently been drinking very heavily, and his sys tem had sustained such a severe shock as to render him unable to answer any questions put to him. He had been found by a cab man lying in tbe middle of Stephen- street. HiB identity has not yet been esta blished. About twelve o'clock last night a lire occurred on the premises, 116 Lonsdale- street, occupied as a printing office by Richard Egan Lee, Tbe flames wero soon extinguished, bat considerable damage was done to tbe plant, which is covered by insur ance. The origin of the fire is unknown. A young man had a narrow escape from drowning whilst bathing at Kenney's baths yesterday. He was seen by several persons who had been bathing to get out of his depth and sink, and n yonng man named Vale, a native of Beech worth, immediately jumped in, and with difficulty brought him safely on to the platform. Ira Aldridge, the colored man who has been going round the suburbs recently ob taining go ids from tradesmen by means of valueless cheques, was brought ap on two such oharges at tbe Collingwood Police Court yesterday, and sentenced to one month's imprisonment with bard labor. Ths Williamstown Licensing Court was held yesterday. Thirty renewals and eleven transfers to publicans, six to grocers, and three to sell colonial wine, were granted. None of tbe applications were opposed. On Wednesday afternoon a report was re ceived by tbe police at the station at Heidel berg that a dangerous lunatic was at large, travelling from Mount Eagle to Ivanhoe. Constable Hunting immediately doffed his uniform and went in pnrsnit, and found tbe wanderer on the Alphiagton-road. He coaxed' him into a cab going to Heidelberg, but his man soon jnmped out and ran. The constable followed and overtook him. With the assistance of three other men he was secured and safely lodged in tbe look-up, . where his howling was 'heard to a late hour of the night. He gave the tune oi M'Leod, and the case has since been heard at the Collingwood court, and the unfortu nate man sent to tho lunatic asylum. At the Preston Police Court on Thursday, Mr. Wilton Barfoot, truant officer, prose, cuted eight parents for neglecting to send their children to the State school. Inn early every case a plea of sickness was put in, but tbe defendants failed to support it. Tbe bench recommended tbe case of James Moore to be withdrawn, it being showu that the child had been attending a sick mother. In the other cases a fine of 2s. and 2i, 6d. costs was inflicted. A man named Augnste Boltzeman, whilst suffering from the etfeots of n drinking bout, seized a bottle contaiaiog liniment belonging to a fellow boarder at a boarding house in Yarra-street, Geelong, yesterday afternoon, and drank the whole of the contents. Onr correspondent states that he was seized with intense pain in the stomach, and had to be removed to the hospital, where he was suc cessfully treated. A magnificent collection of Japanese fine art manufactures, lately brought from the empire of Japan, by Mr. H. A. Singleton, was displayed for publio inspection yester day at the music storehouse of Messrs. W. H. Glen and Co., Collins-street. The col- ; loction attracted coneiderable attention, and will no donbt be freely examined to-day by connoisseurs and intending purchasers who take an interest in rare and valuable works of this character. The goods in question consist of splendid assortments of tea ser vices, sets of porcelain and new lacquer ar ticles inlaid with silver, also bronzes, bamboo work, Btraw-covered articles, flowers, folding screens, boxes, cabinets, aud n thousand other elegant and dainty things, whioh would adorn a drawingroom as well as any other apartment of a bouse. The collec- lection was obtained by Mr. Singleton during a residence of ten year9 in Japan. They will be open to inspection to-day and Monday. ( In drawing attention to the entertainment to bo given in the Town Hall this evening, a3 a ccmplimentto Mr. U. A. Smy the, tendered by the Uev. Charles Clark, Madame Tasca, Mdlle. Rosaly Merz, and most of our pnnoipal vocalists, it is scarcely ne cessary to refer to the bene/iciaire's long experience as a manager of musical aud .other high-class performances in these colo nies. If his merits as an active and cour teous agent wore not recognised by the musical profession, ho could not hove put forth such an attractive programme for this evening ; and that hi3 efforts as a ca terer for public amusement are fully appre ciated is clearly shown by tho large de mand for tickets. Seldom if ever has there been snch an extensive application for scats. , To-night's lecture is announced as Mr. Clark's la3t appearance in Melbourne prior to his departure for Adelaide, ers route for Europe. The Feoplp's Concerts will re-open this evening under tho management of the com mittee of the Total Abstinence Society at the Temperance Hall, Russell-street. Tho hall having been enlarged and greatly im proved ; a etnge, with scenery, Ac., has been introduced, which will tend to give greater etfcct to the entertainment. A large com pany of artistes have been engaged, includ ing Mr. Alfred Sylvester and Mr. Ceoil Forrester, the celebrated polyphonist. The prices will be as usual, with a few resorved chairs at one shilling. This evening Professor Baldwin will give His last entertainment for the season at St. George's Hall. Among the novelties to be introduced are tbe pillory and handcuff tricks. These were exhibited last night, and fully explained to tbe audience. The Vicar of Wakefield was produced last evening at the Theatre Royal for tbe last time, there being a large attendance. To night Miss Ada vv'ard will appear as Mary Warner in A Woman's Sacrifice. Mr. D'Aroy Read's Ghost Entertainment still runs on to very good houses. The late change of programme introduoing Tobiu's L'hantasm has proved sufficiently attractivo to induce the management to keep it still on tho bills. The Phantom Christys, and the Haunted House served to introduce a plenti ful supply ot ubosts, whose business appears to be to amuse and not to terrify. This afternoon there is to be another matinee for the convenience of the juveniles. At tbo Academy of Mnsio this evening Le9 Cloches de Corneville will be given. On Monday night Mies Rosina Carandini will make her debut in opera as Arline in the Bohemian Girl. 