" jyj2ws of the dat. The folio wing notification was received yesterday, at noon, from the Telegraph de partment : — "The Banjoowangie cable has been partly restored daring the night, but" is now again temporarily interrupted by the ship continuing tiie repairing. While com- munication was open sixty-three messages were received. The despatch steamer Baron M'Kay left Banjoawangio for Port Darwin on Sunday, the 6th inst., with telegrams, and may be expected to arrive to-night." At a late hour in the evening it was further intimated that the cable bad been repaired at 'twenty minutes to seven o'clock, but the line was not in good order. The Chief Secretary and the Minister of Publio Works wore yesterday waited upon at the Treasury by a deputation consisting of upwards of 150 representatives of local bodies, in reference to the question of tho continuauce of the annual subsidies, which expire according to act of Parliament at the end of 1879. . The deputation was accompanied by several members of Parliament. The Ministers wore addressed by a number of speakers, all of whom con tended that the time had not arrived when the local bodies conld do without their endow ments, and requested that an aot should be passed renewing them for live years longor. The majority of tho deputation having decided upon having a bill passed at once, irrespective of any consideration as to the mode in which the money should he dis tributed, thoy refused to permit any other question to be broached. The moment 'any speaker made an allusion to the distribu tion of tho endowment an outcry was raised which had the effect of silencing him altogether. Mr. .Berry referred to the singular attitude taken up by the depu tation, the clamorous tone which thoy adopted, and their evident determina tion, if passible, to get tho measure tbey demanded rushed throngb thiB session. He informed them that the Government wero not prepared to deal with the . subject this ses sion, and in his opinion it was advisable that the subjeat should stand over until next year, when it could be fully and deliberately considered by the light of public opinion, whioh would be euro to find expression before the session commenced. Mr. Berry cautioned the deputation that if the. system of grouting wholesale subsidies was to be forced upon the country by a system of log-rolling carried on by the looal bodies on a scale in comparison with whioh all other log-rolliog sank into insignificance, the Government would be compelled to send the tax- gatherer amongst them . to colleot that money which the local bodies were to receive. It' was necessary, however, that there should bo a complete redistribution of the endowments. Tho rioh land in such shires as Colac should be fairly taxed in order to supply the ' requisite funds, and shires which had roeoivod enormous sums in the past would probably not be entitled to receive auy farther grants. Mr. Patterson also addressed the deputation, after which Mr. Berry iutimated that he would continue the subsidy six months beyond the period of its termination, in order to allow time for the subject to be fully considered ; and he also promised to bring in a bill next session. The deputation were by no means gratified with the result of their interview, and many of them retnrned to the Town Hall, where. tbey passed resolutions pledg ing themselves to prosecnte the agitation with unabated" vigor, and appointed a com mittee of fifteen to remain in town for tbo purpose of getting the matter brought before Parliament next week. ' Tbo Chief Secretary was waited upon yesterday by Mr. H. ft. Williams, M.L.A., and the Mayor of Ka'glehawk, iu reference to tbo proposed removal of the police station from Myers Flat. The police authorities had recommended that . the station in that locality should bo no longer maintained, as the population was too small to justify the expense involved. The Mayor of Eaglo- hawk, however, stated that the next police Btation was twenty.oight miles distant, and it was thought by the inhabitants that if the station at Myers Flat was not maintained great inconvenience would result, Mr, Berry promised to givo the matter further consideration. A deputation . of fishermen residing at Sandridge, Wilhainstovrn and other locali ties in the vicmity of Hobson's Bay waited ; ! J "-'StilAJ,! " 1 npon the Commissioner of Customs yester day. Dr. Madden, M.L.A., who intro- dnced the deputation,- stated that the object in interviewing the Minister was to point ont . to him that by the 3rd section of the bill to amend the Fisheries Act, now before Parlia ment, fishing in the Bay wonld bo entirely stopped, as there was no part of the hay where fishing was carried on that was more than half a mile from "any river, creek or stream within which nets and fixed engines are not to be used." Even supposing they went further out to fish, they would be unable to land the fish, as any person found within half a mile of any of - these places with fish in his possession was to bo deemed to have been fishing in the prohibited waters, unless he proved the contrary to be tho fact. As the proceedings to be taken against offenders were of a criminal nature it wonld Jbe im possible for anyone in tho boat to give evi dence on their own behalf, and fishing in the Bay grounds would have to be wholly dis continued. Mr. Lalor replied that such a contingency was not contemplated by the Government, tbeir object being especially to preserve the fish in the Gippsland Lakes. He would have the matter looked into, and such alterations made in the bill as to re move the difficulty complained of. A deputation, consisting of the Mayor of Castlemaiue and some . other gentlemen representing the sluicers of that dis trict, was yesterday introduced to the Minister of Mines by Professor Pearson, M.L.A. Tho object of their visit was to obtain a reduction in the price of water used for sluicing. The pries bad beeu raised within tho past month, and tbey asked that it be reduced to one halfpenny per thousand gallons, the rato previously charged. The deputation repre sented that unles3 suoh a reduction could be effected it would be quite impossible for sluicers to continue their operations,- and a great number would bo thrown out of work. Mr. Smith said -be would cause inquiries to bo made,' and if ho found'ihht there fvere good grounds for the reduction, he would have the price lowered so long as there was a plentiful supply of water in the reservoirs. Mr. B. G. Davics, M.L.A., introduced a deputation to the Minister of Justice yester day, consisting of the president of the Bet Bet Shire and other gentlemen residing in that district, who were anxions to obtain tho use of tbo old conrt bouse at Dnnolly as a shire ball. Tbo Minister said that be bad no objection to tho proposal, iqthe building wa3 no longer required for use" as a conrt. It would be necessary, however, to obtain the sanction of his colleagues, .as the control of the land on which the hall stood was vested in another department. He promised, therefore, to bring the matter under the notice of the Government. The Land Tax Commission was occnpied all day yesterday taking evidence _ on the appeal of S. F. Staughton, against the classification of 1G,S2S acres in the county of Grant, placed in tho first olaBs. The case will be proceeded with to-day. Notice of withdrawal was re ceived of the appeal of Joel Horwood against the Classification of 1575 acres in the county of Bourke ah first class. Arrangements have been made for the first diamond drill to be used in the Castle- maine district to be forwarded to the claim of the Ajax Company next week. In a few days, therefore, it may be anticipated that testing operations will have been com menced. The names of the four persons against whom informations have been Bworn, on the charge of conspiracy to influence a juror of the County Court, are David Henry, money lender ; — Mann, olerk in tho employ of David Henry ; Wm. ICissane, stock broker ; and Wm, Ireland, florist. A strong bar has already been retained for the defence. The adjourned meeting of the Melbonrne Harbor Trust was held yesterday, when the subject of tho dispute with Messrs. Wright, Orr and Co. waB again considered. It was finally determined that the Trust should state its willingness to submit all matters ,in dispute to tho Supreme Court in a cose to be stated by the solicitors of both parties. Commissioner Reid said that tbey conld afford to be magna nimous, because they had might and right on their side, and oould force Messrs. Wright, Orr and Company to sucoumb by compelling them to employ a large number of mou to defend their dock. Should Messrs. Wright, Orr and Company not accept the proposal of the Trust, it is very probable that they will be subjected to such treat ment. A meeting of the Works committee will be held to-day, when tho'reply of the .firm will probably bo received. In the meantime the armistice will bo prolonged. In the Distriot Court yesterday Mr. Mac- Dermott asked the presiding magistrate (Mr. Call, P.M.) to strike out the cases — Bishop v. the Opera House Company, Bishop v. the QueenBdiff Steamboat Company, Bishop v. tho Continental -Hotel Company, Bishop v. the Purveyors' Association Company, and Bishop v. the M'Culloch Insurance Company. He did so bocause the oompanies summoned had since complied with-the law in the matter of registration. Mr. Call at once acceded to the request, and struck out the cases. The following tenders for 'publio works wore opened at tbo Lands Office yesterday, : — Repairs police building, Yes, Geo. Mar shall, £35 12s. Gd.; supply of sluice valves, three to twelve inches diameter, for the Yan Yoan works, Roberts Bros., £501 15s. Gd. ; new tank, force pump, &c.;, at police Btation, Sale, P. Piatt, £135 10s.; repairs and paint ing post. and telegraph office, Kilmore, W. Bolger, £199 18s.; fittings and furniture for Mines and Public Works departments, JameB.Bell, £630. At a meeting of the National Reform League, held at the Trades' Hall, Victoria- street, yesterday evening, at which about ten members were present, . the following resolution was carried, viz.: "That in tho opinion of this league the grant asked for for draining the Sebaetopol plateau deserves the support of all Liberals who desire the de velopment of .that goldfield, believing that it would assist in increasing employment, and be a national benefit." On tbo 7th inst. a man who stated that his name was George Wilson presented'a cheque for £7 to Mr. Samnel Broadbent, draper, Emerald-bill. The. cheque was found to be a forgery, and a warrant was issued for Wilson's arrest. He was pointed out to the police last evening in Swanston-street, and was taken to the look-up. When there he indignantly denied that his name was Wilson, and averred that - it was Lord Somerville. Several other cheques were found upon the prisoner when searched, and when nhked to sign the property sheet be signed Lord Somerville. Several other warrants have been issued against the prisoner on similar oharges. He is well known to the deteotive police, having undergone a sentence of nine years' imprisonment in Pentridge on several charges of forgery and uttering. The name under which he was sentenced is Lewis Montgomery. Shortly after noon yesterday aman named Richard Connell was locked up on a charge of destroying three maps in the Lands de partment. It is alleged that the accused walked into the Lauds office and deli berately tore up three maps which are valued at £40. Connell was at one time employed in the Lands department. At a banquet given lately by the Long Tunnel Company, Walhnlla, to celebrate the occasion of tbe one- hundredth dividend being paid, the following interesting facts con nected with tbe mine were mentioned : — Tbe. original capital of tbe company was £12,000, besides which they had an over draft at the Bank of Victoria of £5872, making a total of £17,872 expanded before thoy ever saw a stone of the reef." 'The first dividend was declared on the 7th Novem ber, 1S69. The total cost of machinery to tbe 7th of September last was £25,876 3s. Gd. There have been 137, 6G9 tons of qnartz crushed, from'which 2GS,824 oz. 10 dwt. 12 gr. of gold have been obtained. The average per ton was 1 oz. 19 dwt. 1.29 gr., and the value of the gold was £950, i34 Gs. 7d. Tho dividends paid on each £5 share amount to £259, and the total amount of the divi dends is £020, GOO. The municipal rates return for 1378 for the town of Richmond has been presented to the local counoil, and is as follows : — Total amount of rate, £8347 7s.; amount collected, £7911 0s. 3d.; uncollected, £430 Go, 9d.; arrears colieoted, £1S2 6s. 5d, Collected since last letnrn : — Current, £68 3s. Gd.; arrears, £6 9s. 3d. At the Cobnrg Shire Council's last meet ing Mr. M'lver, of Brunswick, surveyor, forwarded plans for the construction of the new bridge over the Merri Creek, Bell-street east.' It was decided that. a copy be for warded to the Jika Shire Council for ap proval. Tho new bridge may therefore soon be commenced, ana the present danger ons and rotten structure removed. > . The committee of management of the Mel bourne Sailors' Home held its usual monthly meeting at the_institution yesterday after noon ; Mr. Wm. Siddeley chairman. Tho superintendent's roport showed that 96 seamen had - entered tho institution; snd 90 reshipped from it daring the month, the dally average of inmates having been 45. Tbe deposits bad amounted to. £403 3s., and the withdrawals from u»t' account to £310 13s. Colonpl Girds". « ngnation as a member of committee, in sequence of his returning to England 1 received and accepted, and a vote of thank 1 was accorded h m. It was resolved topnr 1 chase a bagatelle board for the use o' thl f boarders, and to invite the attention of ill f trustees to the importance of revising Z | cTmanagement e elCCtion of thc I Western Australian papers to the ov. | ultimo aro to hand, but they contain no ir ® telligence of more than very ordinary 1 tereat. His Excellency the Govern h» commenced to make a tour through th.® eastern districts. Mr. H. H Hock - ing. the Attorney-Oeneral, proceeds honl on leave at the end of the year— Th»f court found in the investigation 'a, to- the loss of tho barque Lady Elizabeth 5 that Captain Scott had committed graw >' errors of judgment, but that there was no ® evidence upon which charges could be based -' — Tho period for issuing licences for there' - moval of guano from the Lacepede Island." ? has been extended to the 31st October. ( and tenders for the exclusive right toths? guano deposits to January next. t The Colonial Secretary of Queensland his % received from Captain Bedwell, R.y !! f; Flat- top .Island, a telegram, with thei'nfor. ® mation that two Frenchmen, escaped con ® victs from New. Caledonia, arrived at T.m. «' Top on 30th September, in a small open ' boat, the Adolphe. The names of the mcn - are 1 hibault and Leseir. They state tavs tho Brisbane Telegraph, that, in the'com ' pauy of two other couvicte, they left Jiew' s Caledonia twenty-six days ago. They suf ® fered great privations during the run, under ' whicb one of the four men succumbed ten d. -i ® after starting. Another lauded six days .L-; on an island insido tho Barrier Reef and® oould not bo found again by his companions notwithstanding that, as they state they®- searched for him during two days. From the® description given by the men, Captain Bed.® well thinks that tho island referred to ii the '< first high peak within the reef. Captain® Bedwell has been authorised to go in search® of the missing man should he deem such a" step advisable, A sooial evening for gentlemen only, under the auspices of the Metropolitan UcdcrttteL " wag held on Wednesday evening, in the hall of $ tho Melbonroe Atheomum. Mr. Angus sang® The Vagabond and Gally's cavalier song Tiny! Gallants of England, with good effec ? Mattel's Never More and tbe ballad, AngeP Listen when He Speaks, were well rendered® by members of tho Liedcrtafcl. Abt's Con." secration Song, Tbe Soldier's Farewell, The® Dance, Zollner's Champagne Song, and the® chorus, Drain tho Cup of Pleasure, from- Wallace's Lurline, wero given by the Lirder. tafel with great taste and eipres.-' sion. Tbe members also s'ang Otto's® Vine Song, the solo part being taken by Mr.® Angus, the performance of which elicited great applause. . Rale Britannia, arrange ? for the Metropolitan Liedertafel by J. O. Bradley, was rendered in a most effective ; manner. As pianoforte solos, Mr. T. H.- Gncnett played Chopin's nocturne B major? (op. 32) and mazurka in B flat major (op. - 17). In both numbers the beauties of the® composition were artistically bronght out v Mr. .Guenett playing with great delicacy and expression. As violin solos, Signor Ortori played L'Ahensen, by fiazziniand a fantssic, . Regrets et Priore, by Leonard. In both ha developed his usual skill, but it was ia the® latter number, a beautiful composition, thstr his soul-stirring expression and skilful execu.V tion made themselves so especially notice-? able that tbe performance was followed by ' rapturous applause. The audience through-'- out was a most appreciative one, and several of the performers had to submit to well, merited encores. , Professor Hennicke repeated bis interesting® entertainment at the Apollo Hall yesterday; evening, and met with a most cordial recep-'. tion, lie is undoubtedly one of the cleverest® illusionists that have ever appeared in Mel-; bourne, hisBleight of hand tricks being very® remarkable. Last night he performed thai slate-writing trick with a slate bought by a' member of the audience, in a manner that, completely mystified all present. ! Owing to ths non-arrival of the Chim." borozo, in which' Mr. Wybert Reeve is| coming oat, the management of the Theatre® Royal have concluded 'an engagement with-, Mr. Rignold to continue the performance of® Henry V, for Borne time longer. . ! Wash Norton, one of the most talented of- tho United States Minstrels, now performing' at St. George's Hall, takes hid benefit thii: evening, In addition the usual sttroc.; tlvd ' progromihe several specialities are ah.r nounced, including Mr. J. B. M'Gowan and® Masters F. and S. Wielaod and Walter; Bennett, » Artists wiilinc to assist in the concert at the Chisels ; fkmine Fuud entertainment will oblige by seuJhir in ; their oamcs to thc Town llall. V Tho Jlolbam Temperanco llall Company's half-yearly meeting will bo held to-night, at the ball, at elLt o'clock. A meeting oi the committee formed on Tuesday to further the Colleo Tavern movement will be held this-' afternoon, at a quarter-past four, at the auction room of Meaors. Barn, in Owaiiston-strect. The first naval nud military sports ever held lo thoy colony wilt teko place ou tbe East Melbourne Cricket'" Ground on Saturday next. Tbe programme li 'cry liberal, and contains many novel features. > The tradesmen of Williamstown colehrsted ths first, anniversary oi the Thursday halMiotiday last eveoicz, - at the local mochanlca Institute. The proceedings consisted of a banquet and a dance, at which Iiri'B numbers assembled. The executive committee of the Victorian Butf; Testimonial met yesterday at the Town Hall, tie Mayor In the chair. Arrangements were mads tor' obtaining further subscriptions, the amount of which now exceeds a thousand pounds. Tho monthly meeting of thc New Third Ylctorlt, Building and Investment Society, second series, tra' held on Wednesday evening ; Mr. t'hos. Alston to'tbe chair. The takings were £703 17s. Several ihtra were sold at a premium ct 20s. . The quorrymen of Coburg have shown their sympathy for Mr. Wm. Boney, quarryman, ahomd wltha serious accident at the houng Qaeea quarries by a targe atono falling on bla foot some weeks arc, by subscribing amongst themselves £12, whichh to: bo giren to tils wife to procure Immediate iieces-.y series for the support of herself end family during- his illness, which is likely to be for along time. ; Publications Received.— Tho Victorian Publishers' Circular. 'which this month contains full lista «T educational litcraturo, ami will be particularly ueeua. to all engaged iu education : M. L. Hulchuu.'U- Melbourno.— Chambers's index of next of Kin. fount edition, by Kdwd. Preston, London. A uselnl heajy book to all who desire to refer lo advertisements IJI sussing belts, dtc. - A bazaar lo aid of the Prahran Independent Ctiurc! was opened yesterday, at the local town hall. By Ms r Wihts,' the mayor of that town, and will be cosUmnc ' during to-day and to- morrow. A number ot ilaol; wero presided over by yottug ladies, who tutcmllf; displayed their wares. A number of paintings, oi» graphs and engravings wero much udmired. lln chat of the church, assisted by pupils from the Asylum lot the Blind, eullvencd the proceedings by tocsI tnu la strumeutal selections of music. - ' Mr. D'Arcy Read announces that the first ptrfu' ancein Melbourne of his wonderful "ghost will lake place at the Atbemcum Hall uu wednaifi night next. The entertainment comprises s grwt variety of startling Illusions, and introduces its audience to qulto a lcglen of spectral acquslnUucat It has been highly successful In the adjoining colonic especially In Sydney, where It was presented to Iirrt audiences for 120 night, while tho press were uasy mous la pralslag its clever and amusing lestures. The Rev, W. Moss's pastorate of the lodepenlest Church, Malvern-road, Prahran, terminated at bu» day. The church was at each service filled j>y.| crowded congregation. With the exception ol s Bow reference before th j commencement ol the moroiM Bermon to tbo circumstances which bad led to me teimloatlon of his pastorate, Mr. Moss did not prtaer what could be called a farewell sermon. Mr. acu avj commence his duties ,at the Asylum for the next Saturday. S The fifth annual meeting of the Emerald-hill « Sandrtdge Mutual Provident Association was held It the Mechanics' Institution on Friday evening last; « Henry Dodds in the chair. Ths report ana bslicm sheet showed that, the number of now memben w thirty-five, nnd tho funda amounted to £590 re. which £51S 13s. fid. was out at interest at 6 per cat Tho secretary. Sir. William StanboM, was aeoordedj vota ot thanks. Tho election of officers for them suing year was then proceodcd with, and rMultMW follows Chairman, Mr. Henry Dodde; t"F!S Mr. Walter Rayson : director!, Messrs. Evsns, tou, T. Allison, Jffla, P. Hogg, Fisher. W. Parrvh bin I til, T. Rcntle and J. H. Steads; auditors, Jto»» D. Reddish and E. D. Hoatbor. _5 