HISTORIC SUNG, We open the book at random, and determine to seize flie first that conies, which happens to be, ' You cannot say Bo ! to a goose.' How often have we relieved our feelings of irritation at the weakness of others by hurling this phrase at them! Had they only known its origin, they could have paid us back in our own coin, and made us feel very small indeed. But though we almost hesitate to arm them with a weapon which they mav turn aeainst our selves, we must be conscientious, and do what we have undertaken. The story is this :— When^ Ben Jonson the dramatist was introduced to a nobleman, the peer was so struck with his homely appearance that he exclaimed, ' What ! you are Ben Jonson? Why, you look as if you could not say Bo ! toa goose.' ' Bo !' exclaimed the witty dramatist, turning to the peer and making his bow. From geese we pass on to cats, which are very emblematic in slang, and in the phrase ' Letting the cat out of the bag' we are reminded of ite thievish ancestry. ' It was formerly a trick amongst country folks to substitute a cat for a sucking pig, and bring it in a bag to market. If any greenhorn chose to buy a pig in a poke— that is, a blind bargain without ex amining the contents of the bag— all very well ; but if he opened the sack ' he let the cat out of the bag,' and the trick was discovered.' And so the phrase passed into common use as applying to any one who let out a secret. ' Who will bell the cat r' became another popular phrase, and is taken from the fable of the cunning old mouse who suggested that they should hang a bell round the cat's neck, so that due warning might be had of her approach. The idea was approved of by all the mice present; there was only one drawback to it : ' Who was to hang the bell round the cat's neck r' Or, in shorter words, 'Who was to bell the cat ?' Not one of them was found ready to run the risk of sacrificing his own life for the safety of the others, which is now the recognized meaning of the pro verb. '« Fighting like Kilkenny cats' is another slang simile, taken from a story that two cats once fought so ferociously in a sawpit that they left nothing behind them but their tails— which story is an allegory, and sup posed to represent two towns in Kilkenny that contended so 'stoutly about boundaries and rights to the end of the seventeenth century that they mutually impoverished each other.' How 'Common is the expression, ' Oh, she is down in the dumps' — that is, out of spirits. This is a very ancient slang phrase, and is supposed to be derived from ' Dunipos, King of Egypt, who built a pyramid and died of melan choly ;' so that the thieves and gipsies are not all to blame for having given us a few expressive words ! We next come upon a word full of pathetic meaning for many of us ; it is the ghost lhat haunts us at Christmas time, and pur sues us more or less throughout the new year — it is the word ' dun.' It is a word of consequence, for it is at once a verb and a noun, and is derived from the Saxon word ' dunau,' to din or clamour. It owes its immortality, so tradition says, to haying been the surname of one Joe Dun, a famous bailiff of Lincoln in the reign of Henry VII., who was so active and dexterous in collecting bad debts that when any one 'became slow to pay,' the neighbours used to say : ' Dun him ' — that is, send Dun after him. ' Draw it mild ' and ' come it strong ' have their origin in music, being the terms used by the leader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin-players to play ioud or gently. From this they have passed into synonyms for exaggerators and boasters, who are requested either to moderate their statements or to astonish their audience. The word ' coach ' in these days is a painfully familiar one, as parents know * who have to employ tutors to assist their sons to swallow the regulation amount of ' cram ' necessary for competi tive examination. The word is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology. It is a pun upon the term ' getting on fast.' *To get on fast you muBt take a coach ; you cannot get on fast in learning without a private tutor— ergo, a private tutor is a coach. Another familiar word in university slang is 'a regular brick;' 'that is, a jolly fellow ; and how the simile is logically deduced is amusing enough. A brick is ' deep-red;' so a'' deep read' man is a brick. To read like a brick is to read until vou are deep ' read.' A deep-read man is, in university phrake a ' good man ;' a good man is a ' jolly fellow ' with non reading men ; ergo, a jolly fellow is a ' brick.'— Chamber*** Journal. 