FAREWELL SERMONS OF THE REV. F. HOOTER, MA.. The Eev. F. Hocter, M.A., preached his farewell sermons in Christ Church, Mount Gambier, on Sunday. In the morning the con gregation .was an .unusually large oner and the rev. gentleman delivered a short but excellent discourse on the nature and objects of the great sacrament of Christendom, tlie Lord's Supper. At the close of. the sermon forty-five communicants partook of the sacrament. In.the evening the church was quite-filled, and the con gregation included many members of other Protestant bodies.' Mr. Hocter delivered an earnest farewell sermon( which occupied over an hour in delivery. Many of those assembled were greatly affected. The Rev. Mr. Hocter arrived at Mount Gambier on September 10, 1874, so that liis incumbency of Christ Church has been almost precisely four years in duration. He leaves per steamer for Adelaide to-morrow. We subjoin short sketches - of the farewell sermons. The morning sermon was founded on the words of Christ recorded in St. Luke xxii. 15 and 16-"With desire 'I have desired to eat this passover," &c.; The institution of the Lord's supper might be viewed from three different points; it had occupied three different levels. In the text it was a memorial of the dying love of the Saviour; between the resurrection and ascension of the Lord it was the greeting of the risen Lord to His disciples,' a sacrifice of His reunion with them; and since the pouring out of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost it had been the main channel through which had flowed the risen power and love of our Redeemer and King into the hearts of His people. But whilst we looked at the Lord's supper from the last point of view, it wai also to us a memorial of His dying love and the sacrifice of His re-union with us, the branches of which he was the stem, the . members of whom he was the head, the bride of whom He was the bridegroom. There was, however, one element in the sacrifice of the Lord's Supper that must not be lost sight of-the presence of the Lord Jesus Christ. The most important point to be kept in view was that He who presided at that table was not simply the miuister of a congregation, but the Lord Jesus Christ himself through the instrumentality of His servant. It was not a man, but Wisdom that said, "Come, eat of my bread and drink of the wine whicli I have mingled.". There was a remarkable contrast between the two sacraments of Christianity. The sacrament of baptism had a diffusive force "Go and teach all nations, baptising them in .the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost but in the sacrament of the last supper there was a coucentrative power-we had the blood accumulating in the heart, the souls and spirits of the disciples joined together in closer and more intimate communion. What was the prac tical and appropriate lesson to be drawn from these truths ? First of all it taught us that the Holy Communion was a union of the individual soul of the believer to that of its Lord and Master; it taught us that the union set tip be tween the individual soul and its Saviour upon that occasion .was a union more real, closer, and more intense than could be established on earth in any other way between the Head of our holy religion and our individual souls. It taught also that it was a sweet and tender reunion between the several members of Christ's body, the in dividuals of His Church, and their union thereby in love and affection towards one another. This was the view he wished particularly to impress upon them that morning, when he should for the last time have the privilege of . handing to the members of the con gregation Christ's body broken and blood poured out; for the last time as he stood in that pulpit to invite them to join with him for one half hour in the highest service that had been appointed in the Church of Christ. And. whilst they were not to lose sight of the union that was thereby es tablished between them and the Lord, he in vited them ,to go, if he might say, so without egotism, to bind with cords of closei and sweeter affection their .hearts to hisown. That was a view of the Holy Communion which he held jie had a perfect: right to place .before theTcojigrqgH tiori to whom ho ministered^ lit was more than probable, nay,'tdtnost certain; that2 never again should they and he have the opportunity of thris drawing'themBelves closer to one another and to their Lord at the eame time. He cordially invited. them..to; join him in partaking of the Holy "Communion for the last time to gether. . ' V . . The text of the evening^rmon was'II. Corin thians xiii.' 11-Finally^ brethl- en,. farewell. Be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace f and the God' of love and peace shall be with ,you." ^The preacher remarked in commencing, that the last words of the holy men ; off old .were in-many, cases not" only '.a summing tip of the teaching and course of action of their-lives, but might be regarded also as the key to the state and circumstances in which they lived. The last words of Jacob, Moses, Samuel, David, Elijah, and Jesus Christ were quoted as instances of this. To enter into the meaning of the apOstle in the text, to under stand something of the thoughts which occupied his mind when he penned with his fatherly hand and loving eye these concluding words to his beloved Corinthians- words so full of love and affection, and of fatherly counsel-we could well imagine that as the stile crossed the parch ment and he penned the last words and signed his name, the page was blotted with the tears from his loving eye, knowing as he did that his course was nearly finished, and his race nearly run, , and that he should never again see his be loved Corinthians, for whom he had done so much and among whom he h$d spent so many hours-it; was necessary for us to remind our selves of the substance of his two letters to the Corinthians. In the first he had to write to them in vehement language and unmistakable censure for their sins; and then, as if to wind up with a few words of comfort, he con cluded in the. words of the te?t. "Be perfect j" get rid of your sin. When he said that he cast a glance at the sin of the incestuous person mentioned in the first epistle. "Be of gOod comfort, "v: Here the apostle referred to that godly sorrow .of, the Corinthians to which he had before made.reference-that "godly sorrow which worketh repentance to salvation, not'to be repented of." "Be of one mind." That had reference to the divisions that existed among them (I. Cor. i.), when one declared he was of Paul, another that he was of Apol]os, a third thftt he was of Cephas, and another, des pising Pauii that he was of a greater than either Paul. or Apollos or Cephas, namely. Christ; : The apostle summed"tip with'that loving recommendation-"Live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with you." To compare small things _ with, great .he . (the pnaplierj might say, - perhaps* without, the im\ piitation of presumption that he occupied that evening a position somewhat similar to that of St. Paul when he wrote those words. Four years ago this month he landed at MacDonnell Bay, and took charge of the congregation assembling in that church. And when lie looked back over that fout years from one point of view it seemed but yesterday, from another almost a lifetime.' When he loojccd at t]ie faces turned towards him that evening he could remark of many that he knew an important chapter in their history. He had stood beside them in joy and sorrow, in life and death. He had baptised their children; he had prepared for confirmation their youths and maidens ;. he had joined members of that oon grcgation in holy matrimony ; he had stood by the open grave of their fathers, their mothers, their sons, their daughters, and their.little ones that had " passed by swift transition from the womb to their mother earth." And if he asked himself-"As to the summing up of your teaching, whet, has characterised your deliver ances when you stood before this people to tell thein of the good tidings of great joy ?" Alas,, he had to confess carelessness and negligence and ignorance. He*lmd to lay to his charge uu worthiness and unfaithfulness. . But if, the other hand, he were to asl; himself-" What has. beep the character of the teaching which you have endeavored to inculcate, in this church?" he should say that amidst his infirmities, from a heart weak and feeble;, from lips that stammered, and si tongue that faltered, he endeavored faj pijt before $he min^s of his people, as .the cefltml point of their observation, their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. He had endeavored to put before their minds the divine Redeemer, not only as a sacrifice for the world, and now standing all day long asking sinners to turn to the Lord, but had endeavored to point out that for old and young, rich and poor, for the work ing man as well as for the tender Christian mother, there W8? bijj; oiie by whom }ye must endeavor to regulate our lives and action, the God-man, our Saviour Jesus Christ. And what was he to say as to his Churchmanship, as a clergyman of the Church of England? He had endeavored to avoid all extremes' and act plainly and straight forwardly by the rubric of his beloved Church, that no man should be able to say he belonged to any extreme section or party. He hated extremes. He was not a High Churchman, nor a Low Churchman, nor a Broad Churchman, nor no Churchman, lie was simply, and be loped honestly, a faithful son of the Church that he was born in, baptised in, confirmed in, in which .he kneeled to receive the body and blood of Christ, that church in which he had been united to his wife in holy matrimony, in which he Wa3 or dained a minister of the word and dispenser of .the holy sacraments of Christ, the Church in which he hoped to die and be buried, and to have those glorious words uttered over him, "In sure a.nd certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life, through Jesus Christ our Lord." In South Australia members of all religious denominations commingled much in every day life, in business, pleasures, and pursuits, and it was essentially necessary _ for a man in his position to adopt some policy, some definite bearing, towards Christians of other denominations. He thought he might say that during the four years he had been here he had given offence to no Christiau man or woman of any other denomination.' But they would mark that in saying this he was not admitting that he was otuer than to the back bone a son of the Church of England, that church that he believed in his heart to be the truest, best, _ and most apostolic of all the divi sions into,which Christendom was divided. But he should not do despite to the Spirit of God by refusing to acknowledge those men, though they did not worship Christ in the satne commuuion as he did, whose energy and zeal in the cause of their Master set him an example of life in Christ; and he rejoiced to believe that he shoutS meet such men in those blest realms where party names and strife wereunheaid of. He had strictly endeavored to follow the apostolic precept, "Live in peace." And now lie took his armour off; he laid down his sword, he took off his helmet, unbuckled his breastplate, and put away his shield. When he looked into the future all was uncertain, much was dark ; when he looked into the past all was clear, but much was unsatisfactory. It might be that God would enable him to use the experience lie had gained here in_ order that his miuistry in' that locality to which he had been in His wisdom and goodness called, might be more successful thau here. It might be that God would enable him to examine the armour he had here hid aside, and discover in it here a hole, there a dint, and there_ a bruise, and enable him to perfect the requirements of such. Any failings were not the fault of the armour -that was heavenly-but of the hand that wielded it. He would ask them to pray for him that God might make him an expert and successful soldier of the' Cross, and avoid those mistakes and short comings of which he had here been conscious. He laid down his armour ; and if he could not, like Jacob, tell the future of his congregation, he could say, looking over the four years he had spent with them, that four years more would, without doubt, bring about many imporfant changes in their midst. He could say tliat he would not cease to pray for them, and he could ask God to give them His Holy Spirit. Coming to the concluding words of Paul lie could apply them to the members of the Church of England at Mount Gainbier. He would first of all say "Be perfect." Might he (Mr. Hocter) not . appropriately nnd fitly, on this last occasion of addressing them, warn them against those sins which he knew beset them. Might he not say to the aged ones, " Get rid of your worldli ness and that spirit of self which is fatal to the power of the gospel in your minds." ! To the young men might he not fittingly and ap propriately say, " Be pure. Avoid that ain which in the language ot the poet 1 * Hardens all within ; . And petrifies the feelingi.' Lead a life of purity in action, word, and thought." And to the maidens might he not say, " Cultivate a spirit of modesty and shamefaced ness'.* Battle «gainst the tendency of over dress which you know exists among you; and that tendency for overdue pleasure aud keeping late hoars." It would be the very essence of affec tation were he to pretend that he was not aware that a very large section of the community of Mount Gambier, as well as the con gregation of which he had been the minister, was sorry for his departure; and when lie looked arouud over that congregation, composed as it was of members of all religious denominations at Mount Gambier, could he help feeliug that he occupied a place in the affections of many iu this place. He said to them, " Be of good comfort. Vlmong the working classes of Mount Gambier henad many true, loyal, and faithful friends. To them then he said, "Be of good comfort, and the God of. peace, will wipe all tears from your eyes, and will raise up for you a friend more powerful and able." " Be of one mind." If there were any followers of Cephas, of Apollos, of Paul, or of Christ in the congregation, to them these words were addressed. Stand by the ship ofjthe church in the hour of danger, and the vessel would be preserved and the lives and pro perties of those on board saved ; and they would afterwards have the favorable breeze wafting them over the ocean of time and landing them safely in the haven of eternity. Do not leave the Church because a hymn was chanted in an unusual way. Do not think that in consequence of that the Church and everything connected with it was going to perdition. Be ashamed of such narrow-mindedness. Be of one mind. Cling to the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth, and "then theGodofloveandpeaceshould be with them," if they lived in peace. Of all Christian duties there was none more difficult than that of living in peace, and also in inde pendence of1 men; aud especially the minister of the gospel who refused to bow down to wealth and determined to stand by his humble brother and preached what he believed to be the text of God regardless of human aid, human influence, and human policy, must be brought into con tact with unloving and unloveable men. But there was a reward which God would bestow upon, such the like of which men of wealth and power were unable to bestow. So it was to ba their constant endeavor to live in peace, and be of one mind. He had heard of meostanding^p be fore Christians and saying how difficult it was to do wrong. Ho had been all his life learning how difficult it was tor walk close to the footsteps of Jesus Christ, and had always found how easy-it was to do wrong. This was the experience of all Christians ; even Paul declared himself the chief of sinners. The language of Paul was that of every humble Christian. In conclusion, let him direct their attention to the closing word? of St. Paul- " The God of love nnd peace shall be with yon." WJiat ira? the nature of God's presence With His people. Not that of Gnd in nature a closer presence than that. Where two or three were gathered in his Name, or wherever the Christian' approached' God in'prayer, there was Christ present." He would say-" Do not despond; do not give yourselves over to dismal views of the future of your church. Learn that God is with yon." He would give them a text to conimit to memory, a text lie learned in his childhood on the knee of a sainted mother. It was found in Isaiah xliii. 2 and 3. Let them, put their faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and He would be with them. He exhorted them to cultivate-the feelings' expressed' in Dr. New man's celebrated hymn "Lead, kindly light." 