COOMERA.; . [FROM! (T&Z; OvrZf C0KKESP02JDENT. 1 . ?? April'16: .. THE SEVENTH YEAE-A SAHEATH OI' BEST DNTO'' , THE LA^-KOMK.;EVIIS _ET;I' BTESEI-YO's is"'" DISCIJISK-POOH PLMPAMA-NOTOALJF'RY IF KOI ,1*110FIT-A.SNAKE STOBLY-FLOEEOES OS. HOBEOES' HEAD IXCEEASE-A "CFBOSI-VE-1' SICE. . WHAT .with the prospect: of getting inter iatfU'; wav^communication with the'northern coast? districts of- New South "Wale*, the success attending the starting of our embryo watering \- place, Soutbporfc, and the flourishing state of our crops, thing*, are becoming quite exhilera ting in this south- eastern nook of Queensland. For the latter blessing, turn we still to reverenco the -wisdom of old, which proclaimed " the seventh year- to bo a Sabbath of rest onto the land." .For the late drought certainly gave rest to.the 1 >nd, and now we see the benefit in . suoh prodigious after growth; both on tho pasture and ori tillage. So, are not apparent -.evils but.blessings in disguise. «i, Poor Pimpama is.somewhat in decadencp, "from. her palmy, sugar days, for was shb not a' .'pioneer, stream for the Loganand Albert in the ; saccharine line.. .But how somestartling occur- . rences may, yet. bring her; notoriety, if not profit,.among the sister waters, for has she.not > now!-.in-evidence (seie local paper) the most. st£crilii3£f snake story of the season, in;/which, not s dcadly/but a poor harmless .carpet or AustraliaHbou, takes the leading_part. Now, horrors onhortfors'. head increase, for .Pimpama has her certified !- An oldbushman, long in the district, and tvho cut his own existence., short, after1 lying quiotf/iftr years inHis grave,' :h'aa at length taken to prom^n^d^S hia deserted homestead. ' . . ; The slwlcs of eve were falling fast', *^T. ? - . ^Vh6n, as the lonely traveller passed; ' j . A headless trank, a fearfal si^ht! .. . .,i . .: j Iieft the \>ld hut to pace the night.; On Eastor Honday the Coomera will emulate* the? gondola matches .of medieval JVonice, by holdmg.u regatta on the fine hver'reach below the "township.. ^ /. . JAMAICA AND thb C-OOI.IES.-The antagonists - ? tojCoolio immigration have always been strong In.] Jamaica, and they Khro recently found in its costliness an-additional argument against - it. The expenditure thereon within the last few . y&irs; has so far exceeded the return available 1 that money had perforce'to be borrowed'up to the extreme limit permitted on' the security of ttie^Colonial -Exchequer. - This-has .brought matters , to a. crisis, and a 6trong.appeal .was made to Lord Carnarvon ;'by-the 'planters to grant additional funds from the general revenue. .Their arguments were'based on. tho fact that tlie cultivation of sugar was the chief industry -of the island, and if that failed so must Jamaica. But the opposition, as representing tho native Creole population, protested against taxation to support increased competition in labour from outside. " They have urged that the negroes were willing enough to work on estates if pro , raised fair wages and regular employment all the year round. If the planters will but pay them the wages they ask-which apparently they cannot do-CooliesieecLnot'bQ imported at all. This is all very well, but the terms offered the planters are a little hard. . However, the vexed question has for the present been set at rest by Lord Carnarvon's decision that the. largest proportion of Coolie immigration shall still fall .upon the employers -} that what money ^Government spends should be for the benefit of nil 'the labouring classes alike; and, finally, that industries in which Coolies are not em . ployed should be relieved .from the cost of con* tributing to their introduction.";) : THE BKDS OF ANTIQUITY.-About the earliest' . data that we-have concerning beds are of Egyptian origin, and they are very slight, a trade contemporary tells us. Sir Gardiner "Wilkinson; thinks that the Egytiahs usually slept on their day-couches, which were long and straight, sometimes, with a back, some times with carving,' at the head .and feet of' uluimnis at tho ends, made of bronze, of ula ' buster,'"of goltVarid~ vcnryl of inlaid'wood,'and' richly cushiou(^.'.;Wherp th&se; were, not in ;use, mats replaced them, oriow pallets made of paliu- boughs, with a wooden pillow hollowed out for tho head. "What Egypt had, tho As syrian and the rest of tho world had; and the Greek, whenever he could, improved upon other countries' notions; and the Greek couch, judging from the'-bas-reliefs on mahyvasoa, was of great elegance. The Romans, although receiving so many of their customs and so much of their art from Greece, had, very simple beds until after their Eastern conquests. Indeed beds which, with their pillows, were merely hollows iu a .slab, of stone havo been found among Roman remains. ' But from the period when their Asiatic dominion- increased, the Komans borrowed fashions from ihe conquered, and they developed a strong taste for luxury, especially in the mutter of beds. Examples of the Komaii form of bed were still preserved iu the days of Charlemagne. In the meantime, of course, in the barbaric life of Northern and "Western Europe, these forms generally being .« lost, it was an advance in civilisation when the' bench became the bed, and people were fasti i dious enough at last to feel above sleeping on bundles of straw or heaps of skiu upon flags. Live STOCK in* Ikklaxp.-Tho returns of live stock give the number of horses in Ireland in IS77 as oTo,52!) ;"ofcattIe, 3,90G,G27: of sheep 3,1)89,17S ; of- pigs; l,4f»7.999 : .of : goats, 2G0,735 ; of poultry,' 13,549,520; and of..asses,* 183,7S7. These iigures show an increase ;iu tho number of horses and mules, as compared with 1S/C, of 1S,57S; of pigs; an increase of .12,957 ; of goats, an increase of 2;7-16; u de crease in cattle of 121,4lo ; in sheep of 19,979 ; and iu poultry of (IS,97-1. Tho increase iu the year in the number of asses is 1,573. * 