MISCELLANY. The Higher Education op Women.— Learning how to walk in French boots with 6io. heels. Worm Collar.—A man has invented a new paper collar, which he calls the Worm, because it will turn. The Sex.—" I am so happy," said a little French girl on her seventh birthday. "Why so?" " Oh, to-day lam seven. My sins begin to count." Infallible Receipt.—"Alcohol will clean silver." Yes, alcohol well stuck to will clean out all the silver you have got. A Parody.—Our hopeful remarks, "Let me kiss the pretty girls of a nation, and 1 care not who does the waltzing." "No noose is good news," exclaimed th e fellow who was about to be hanged, when the sheriff informed him of his pardon. One of the most remarkable of American exhibits at the Paris Exposition on the opening day was a Cincinnati woman in a last year's hat.— Andrew's Bazaar. An Indiana preacher made use of the ex pression " the iconoclastic segregate of sin " last Sun day, and has 'already received a call to a church in Boston.—jCincinnati Breakfast Table. One kind word spoken to a tramp may cheer his whole future life. Remember this when you see him walking off with your axe and fifty feet of garden hose.—Detroit Free Press. The Courier-Journal thinks that Mr. Bryant was not much of a genius, upon the ground that a genius always smokes or chews tobacco, and cannot write unless he is drunk. Caution.—A Detroit lady who plastered her face with an ointment warranted to remove freckles is now seeking something to cure forty or fiftv eruptions artistically grouped around her nose. —I?ree Press. Tightness of the Currency.—" Money is so plenty in St. Louis," says the journal of that city, " that young men are wearing pantaloons with checks on them." And when money is scarcer probably there will be drafts through them.—Boston Globe. One night the master of the house over heard an exchange of kisses in the corridor. He struck a match and discovered the chambermaid and the valet. She blushed, held down her head, and said " I thought it was you, sir, I had encountered." —Paris Letter. Labour in Vain.—"Now then, madam, please look steadily at this place on the wall," said a photographer to an old lady, when he had put her in position and the plate in the camera. The old lady looked hard at the spot indicated, then got up and walked across the floor, and minutely inspected it, and then, turning to the photographer, gently remarked, " I don't see anything there.'' Intolerable Impertinence.—There is one impertinence which Washington society will no longer tolerate. We do not refer to the unseemly habit of asking a mature single lady her age. That is insolent, but may be forgiven. But to ask a society " colonel the number of hie regiment or the date of his service —that sort of thing has gone far enough.—Washing ton Post. Man and Woman.—How a woman can manage to sit bolt upright, and not change a position, looking neither to the right nor left during a oennon in church, passes the understanding. A man trill sit on the picket fenoe all the afternoon to see « base ball match, but put him .in a church pew for throe quarters of an hour and no will wobble all over tin seat.—Klmira Advertiser. the^ Musical.—"Whydo I loveyouso.dariinri?" is the title of a new song by Mildred Young, rfe haven't the slightest idea, Mildred. We we' are rather attractive than otherwise, but why you should love us bo is entirely beyond our comprehen sion. However, you may console yourself with the fact that you are not alone. TheyalLdo it. Held on, we have an idea. Perhaps It ia the way we carry an umbrella that has brought you to this condition. If there is any one thing we pride ourselves on it is the disttngud air with whioh we cany ail umbrella.—Dan* bury News. - The Mubxo She Piays. — A St Louis journal advises young men to choose a wife hy the music she plays and the way she plays it. If bhe manifests a predilection tor Strausa, she ia frivolous; for Beethoven, she is unpracticalJ for Liszt, she is foo ambitious; for Verdi, she is sentimental; for Offen bach, ahe is giddy ! for Gounod. ab« ia lariradsWaral. for Giottechalk, she is superficial: for, Mozart, she is prudish; for Flotow, she is commonplace; for Wagner, she is idiotic. The girl who hammer* away at'"Tbe Maiden's Prayer," "The Anvil Chorus," and "Silvery Waves " may be depended upon is a good cook, and also w being healthful; and, if she includes " The Battieot Prague " and " The White Cockade " .in her repertory, you ought to know that she haa been thoughtfully,; religiously, and strictly nurtured. But, last of all, pin your faith upon the'calico dress of the girl who can play " Home, Sweet Home." Willing to Accept Anything.—A drug gist was the other day importuned by a strange beggar to give him a bottle of oou<rh syrup, but astne man bad neither cough nor cold, the druggist asked ? —" What can you want of the medicine ?' " Oh, I'll drink it," was the cool reply. " But it would do you no good." " I don't suppose it would, but times are so hard that I'll take most anything offered me," was the mournful reply. " Well, I can't give you any thing," said the druggist. " Oh, do give me some thing, even if it's only a toothbrush! If you only give me something I can pass on to the next shop with more confidence." "I'll give you a dose of medicine," replied the druggist, after a moment's hesitation. " Good ! I don't care what it is—squills, or squirts, or pills, or oil, or anything, so it's free !" The man of drugs poured some cod liver oil and other breezy liquids into a wineglass, and the vagrant drank off the dose, returned thanks, and walked gaily out. He was not heard of again until yesterday, when he entered the store with his knees wobbling under him, and his eyes having that far-away look which only comes after the system has been terribly wrenched. ■Do yon wish for anything?' softly inquired the gist. " Yes, I do!" snapped the man. " I druggist. s'pose you thought you'd laid me outcolder'n a wedge, hut I want you to understand that you are not half as smart as you think for! I'll stand in front of the store every day for a whole month, just to show you that you can't pizen half as many gentlemen as you think you can!" His Only Wish.—Some months ago a fond lather imagined that his only son, a young man of 20, was going Into consumption. A doctor was consulted, and he advised that the son be put through a course of gymnastic training. The young man seemed to like the idea, and for two or three months he was in daily attendance at a gymnasium. Then he began to grow careless, and finally quit it altogether. The father thought he could see signs of failing health again, and to induce the son to go back to rings, bars, and gloves once more he fitted up a private gymnasium in the harn^ndhegan a course oi exercise himself. The other morning, he remembered that he used to be a boxer in his younger days, and he remarked that he'd give the son a few lessons. He was balancing himself on his heel and feeling out with both hands, when something hit him, and half a minute afterwards he dimly realised that someone was bending over him, and saying, " Father, dear father, are you dead ?' He sat up, looked around, and hoarsely inquired, " Jim, what on earth happened?" " Why, father, I got in a love tap on your nasal—just a little feeler, to see if you were solid on your pins." " Didn't you strike as hard as you could?' "No—not half—not a quarts', it was what the boys call' feeling for claret.' Your nose will spring back into position in less than half a day." The father got up, let the gloves fall from his hands, and, as he caught the trapeze to steady his legs, he said, " Jim, your mother and I thought you were going into consumption, and Doctor — he backed us up in it. That is why T sent you to learn gymnastics. Jim, Fm a fool, your mother is an awful good woman, and if we can get the doctor up here Iong enough to let you ' feel for his claret,'I don't care how soon 1 die!" Uncle Remus andthe Phonograph.—"Unc. Bemus," asked a tall, awkward-looking negro, who was one of a crowd surrounding the old man in front of James's Bank yesterday, " w*at's dia 'ere vrat dey calls de fonygraf—dis 'ere inst'ument wat kin holler 'roun like little chillun in de back yard ?' " L ain't Beed urn," said Uncle Bemus, feeling in his pocket tor afresh chew of tobacco. "I ain't seed um, but I bear talk un um. Miss Sally wuz a readin' in de papers las' Chuseday, an' she say dat it's a mighty big wbatyoumaycallem." " A mighty big which ?' asked one of the crowd. " A mighty big whatshisname," answered Uncle Bemus. " I wuzzent up dar close to whar Miss Sa'ah wuz a readin', but I kinder geddered in dat it wuz one er deze 'ere whatshisnamezes w'at ver holler inter one year an' it comes out at de udder. Hit's mighty funny how dese folks kin go an' prog nosticate dere eckoes intu one er deze yer i'on boxes, an' dar hit'li stay ontwell de man comes 'long an'turns de handle an' let's de fuss come piliu' out. Bimeby dey'll git ter makin' shore nuff people, an' den dere'll be a racket roun' here. Dey tells me dat it goes off like one er deze 'ere torpedoes." " You hear dat, don't you f" said one or two of the younger negroes. " Dat's w"at dey tells me," continued Uncle Remus; " dor's w'at dey sez. Hit's one er deze yer kinder whatshisnames w'at sasses back w'en yer hollers at it." " W'at dey fix um up fer, den ?" asked one of the practical negroes. " Dat's w'at I want er know," said Uncle Remus, con templatively ; " but dat's w'at Miss Sally wuz a readin' in de paper. All you gotter do is holler at de box, an' dar's yo remarks. Dey goes in, an' dar dey are tooken, an' dar dey hangs on twell you shakes de box, an' den dey drops out des ez fresh ez desa yer fishes w'at you git from Savannah, an' you ain't got time fer ter look at dere gills, needer." The crowd dispersed fully satis fied with the explanation.—Atlanta Constitution. The Citizex and the Gas-Bill.—The fol lowing " merry lay of the former's experience with the latter" is quoted from the "New York World," and will go to show that the experiences of Melbourne citizens and their gas meters are not without parallel elsewhere i. My hero was a citizen, Of credit and renown; There was one thing that ever made, Him knit his brows and frown— His gas-bill was, like Banquo's ghost, A thing that would not down. n. It seemed to make no difference, if Gas more or less he burned; Vainly he cast about for means, The Co. to circumvent; But at last he hit on a notable And shrewd experiment. in. For one whole month that citizen Let things "gang their ain gate," And from his usual practices Did no whit deviate. His normal gas bill thus he found Just came to dollars eight. rv. Next month he practised very strict Domestic economy, He burned gas where it was A sheer necessity. And even there kept it turned down Till folks could hardly see. v. Thereat each of his family Did mourn sore, like dove, Except his eldest daughter, who Used entertain her love With due economy of chairs Below, and light above. VI. When the month o'er, a bill came in 'Twas on the wrong side of his mouth That citizen did laugh. His language would have brought a blush To the cheek of a phonograph! Vn. " Blaze with your sernied Jets!" be cried; " I will not turn thrt key. I will burn all the gas Unit's made By the bloated company. . Let there be light by day anjlateht And the expense bed—i-j&i;'- ' The wrighboumwholliyrfwabwanftF *r Flame fro^lhsirJWfqM«k^r.4.£j.' Thought there wis «iMaM m^q(|*n0ree Orthatitsredd^nti Had inaugurate a ftfiesol f "BrBltaetiDwjrnits.r \ At the end <rf ih« (KM!tb ft fcUl came in . For 18.60. 