"HE WAS DRUNK." To the Editor. Sin,— It is only a couplo of weoka sinco,' as 1 was taking mine ease at mine inn, at Corowa, with my legs crossed, myclbow dri the table, and my head resting upon my left hand, which was, as usual,, caressing tho few remaining .hairs that have wea thered the hot winds and domestic conflicts of a not-to-bc-meationcd number of yean, , and thinking, like Dom'ocritus, junior, " of divors things foreknown," but not by me, when ail of a suddon I was brought up stand ing by a dreadful braying of what, by courtesy, are called musical instru ments, and a warlike tattoo on _tlio spirit-stirring drums. " The Russians at last !" cried I, at the same timo seizing a broomstick from tbo cornor and slipping a formidable-looking vnrying-knifo insido my bolt— tbo old military instinctB coming strong upon me (I have been at' the taking of Sunhnry— you ' will recollect it if you read contemporary history.) Ar rived in tho streot, I . could perceive none -of -that consternation, which I had anticipated, nor had the enemy as yot turned tho corner ; so, being aware of the- inutility of - risking a collision without support,: I inquired of a rather unconcerned-looking in dividual who was. engaged upholding, a verandah post which way they, were coining; ana- if -be could give an ob-, limato of their strength. I wns soon sorry that I had asked him. His re marks. are utterly unfit for publica tion. However, I gathored' from him that tho alarming sounds which had so ruthlessly dispelled , my pleasant fancies proceeded from a. band, en gaged to exorcise its seductive powers in inducing tlio public to patronise a Wosloyan bazaar. " Shades of 'the- Wosloys," said l; " is this a modem method of .spoiling the Egyptians ?" I was oxcitoa, and tho expression es caped mo unwittingly as I was re suming my seat.. A profuse perspira tion-. instantly . onvelopcd lno; and from -the aura (you must know l am a medium) ' coincidently inducod, the spirit of tho eldor -W eBloy apeedily materialised itself, and' at uty right front appeared, r in - almost, ficsh-liko substantiality, . that vonorablo man, who, though dead, yet spoakoth daily to thouBonds in living words of singlo- miudodnoss; humility, and devotion, thd primal -precursors of -that joyous hopefulncss Tvliioh is ; ovor strong in the genuine, old' -Methodist.;- -More in- , sorrow -than -in nugor/ looked -he. -f John;"- said I; " what : do .you think of your .followoi'B rather an- rim-- \- provoinent on your time, oh 1 with your, : wigs and . your :-,kneebreoehos, your, shoo-buckles andyour bobtails, -your;- ruffies and your powderai and yet you managed - to travel, hundreds of miles and. preach, twenty -times a week; - Meeting houses wore scarce in your timo,: my. old friend John. -How did you , work.your raffles?. Did your Voung ladies wcar—Elizabeth-cum- Raloigh fal-do-rols round their necks with- a blue ribbon cringle,;- and ; re- - coive -the colonial Roberts, for > a shv at tho Sultan's - slippers in - a -Dent's threo-huttouor ? -Did the local hand extract tlio -briny pearls from tlioso liquid orbs by the -toucbing manner in - which tbqy breathed the tuneful memories of " Home, Bwoot homo," lift you into tbo seventh heaven of adoration by tboir solemn rondoring of your favorite ' Rock of Agos,' and i-licn, without a nii)iiin of a, pause, sot tho restless rustics capering to that lively melody, ' Jerusalem, Jeru salem; tlio Oo.atonnongor's Donkey' ?" Alas, poor' ghost ! - "With ono hand clasped on. his forohoad, lio sliook. tlio palm of the other at mo in a most doprocatj-.g niaunor, and, " having caught my eye,- solemnly observed, "Wo know not the end-; know it oven less thau you' reck tlio -moans. Hasto not to condemn. Time's royal solvent- obliterates 'all fiiiito 'misapprehen sions." Ho paused. " Go on," said I, "I inn interested." I had- hardly spoken wbon lio disappeared liko a- changed half-crown on a Saturday night. Tho waiter hero _ nudgod my olhow in a very suggestive manner, and intimated that it was time I re tired to bed, adding .that, though the inoSqaitocs . wore tolerably forocious, something loss than - a . ton -inch carving-knife would cook thoir IuibIi, I am about to remove. -; -Cablegrams, rum, -Russia, - Turkey, and a lively imagination had ovorpowered me, and while- contemplating tho effects of a Russian invasion in Corowa, I slopt in joyoUB unconsciousness; . whilo my martial ardour had conjured up tho prospects of a night attack. Waiters are provorbially unsympathetic, .and therefore, when I was awakened by . his unhallowed touch- and found -that my military, instinct, .bogotten .at Sunhury, togothor with my nocturnal imbibations, had mado mo a victim of: misplaced confidence, I gathored up my robes and dopartud hence. Whon I foresco ai similar visitation, -I Bhall select a situation more adapted to my condition— a dead Iioubo, to wic — and shall then mature- a subject which, though it may not bo realised, will bo more startling in its incidents and more vivid in its peculiarities,— Fours, &o;„ J. Shown. ; The New Secretary -or State von the Coeoxtes.— Tho Right Hon. Sir Michaol Edward Hicks - Bosch, of Williamstrip Park, Gloucostorshire, who has been appointed to succeed Lord: Carnarvon as her .Majesty's- Chief , Secretary of Stato for tho' Colonics, -is the elder son (if tho lata Sir Michael H. ; Hicks-Boacb, of Williamstrip,' some timo M.P.. for East Gloucostorshire, by liis -marriago with Harriott Vittoria, daughter of Mr. John Stratton, of Eartbinghob Lodge, Northbauiptonshire. He was born in the year 1837, and was edu cated at, Eaton and at Christ Church, Oxford, whore ho took tho usual "de grees, being placed first class in tlio . school of Law atid Modorn History at the final qxqmination; in -1858. . Ho succeeded; to his father's title and estates in 186-1. He entered Parlia ment at the goneral election in 186-1 as. a member for East Gloucostersbirq, wbicb ho hoB sinco represented with out intermission. He- is a magis trate and deputy - lieutenant for Gloucestershire, and was for fourteen years captain in: the Royal North Gloucestershire Militia. He liold tho post of "Under Secretary for the -Home Department under Mr. Disraeli in 1868, and has been' Chief Socretary for Ireland since 1874. Ho was sworn member of. tho Privy Council on taking tha office .which ho has hitherto hold, and was admitted last year to a seat in tho. Cabinet. Sir Michael has bcon -twice married— firstly, in 1804, to Carolina- Susan eldest daughter of Mr. John Henry Elwes, of Oolbourno-pnrk, Gloucester shire; and secondly, in 1874, to Lady Lucy Catharine Portcscuo, third daughter of Earl Portcscuo.- —Timet. : House Steaeino,— Tho O. and M. Advertiser tapotte the following caso, in which . -o well-known; but not vory well respected, Into resident of Corowa- is deeply - interested On Thursday, before . MoBBrs. David Robinson and Galbrnith, J.P;'s, John Clooland, a farmer residing near. Howlong, Now . South Walos,. was charged with horse-stealing. Mr. J. J; B. - Bowman; - -instructed' by - Mr; Tuthill appeared for the accused, and the following- evidenco - was taken — George Ray deposed: I am a black smith at. Allan's -Plat; remombor Sunday, 31st March; on that day I saw prisoner riding: ono horBO and leading -another, at about a quarter past 4 p.m. ; tho .one he was leading- was mine, -and is now outside the court ; ran - down the rood, and' sang out, " Hey 1 what are you going to do with tbo horses?'.' ho said." Oh, no thing;" told ; him: -the horBes wore mine, and asked prisonor where he was going to tako tliem to; he said 'I Just down lioro;" ;ho also said it was some mistake ; reached - over to pull the baiter off the- mare ; asked him what ho did with the -hobbles, and ho 'said the maro liad no hobbles on ; saw him then pull the halter off the horse ; I said, " Donit lot .the mare'" go; -bring her up to- tho bouse';" tho halter, was pulled off by this time; and' prisoner redo away faster than- in a canter ; I came hack - to tho houso, and rode after -him ; did. not see the road he took; don't know the prisoner;. the mare-was -turned out on tho previous Priday, and never authorised him nor nnybody olso to tnko her; tlio police required - mo : to identify prisonor ; when- 1 saw him in- charge of' the -police, ' walking up the gully; -about GO yards frpin mo, I said he was like tho man ; nt -10 yards I said ho was the man ; I handed the maro over, to the polioo on tho Monday week after- lie had- hor ; valuo her at £2. "Walter 'Dalson proved turningi thovmaro out . ip hobblos on: the common on Priday; 20tlr of March; on" tho following Sunday saw prisoner loading tho mare, the pony following. Henry -Purdy deposed :: -While . standing on -Ray's vorandah oil 31st:Marcli, saw prisoner loading a maro (tho ono now outside the court) down- tho road, about ten yards from witness ; -redo- after him. Josiah Thomas gave similar evidence. John Korhy -doposod : saw the mare on tbo track, in hobblos, about 4- p.m. some 500 yards from Ray's. Simon Plowing deposed : Saw '.-prisoner at Lidigo Crdolc; going, towards Middle Creole, about 10 a.m. on 1st April; heard a conversation botwoon prisoner andlCcudall; bo said bo was coming . ovor from tbe ilats on Sunday, and got lont in tho ranges, , Robort Andorson,-, sorgoant of police -ot Albury, -N.S.W., doposod: Prisoner said ho was not away on -that 'date, ho being at home and in his own; district with his slidop and cattlo ; read oyer! tho charge to him'at tbo watch-houeo; and he. repeated that bo was not there on that day. Constable Shoobridgo deposed : wlien I, arrested tho pri- sonor bo lqjide no statomont; subse quently, bowover, ho mado tbo- stato mont sworn to by the previous witness ; prisonor livos about 12 milos from Howlong, N.S.W. The prisonor was- fully committed for trial at tho noxt Court of Assizo at Boochwortlv ; bail allowed — accused in £100, - and two sureties of £100 each. Tua bull, Duke ot Coral, belonging to Messrs. Barnes and Smith, und valued at JB1000, dioil in the Exhibition grounds, Sydney, on Monday last. 