A SCHEMIING MAIDEN. IN Clinton, Illinois, there was a lovely maiden, say of thirty-five, who fell des perately in love with a young man; and to plrove tile disinterested rapture she felt for him, and the ardent nature of her gush, she hinited, as only a lady of thirty-five anxious to marry can, that lhe was the very finest man she over came across, and could make ainy woman happly by the simple means of a preaclher and a license. But the rich young man didn't see it; hlie didn't nibble; and in fict lie stayed away from there in a most unproposing asnner. Biut it was an enterprising maiden, and so she went throughl some five hunIdred novels in search of a good way to catch a rich young man with a matrimonial lasso, for as the couple in a novel always marry, it is safe to con clude tlnt the courting must be good which results always in success. Well at last tihe fair reader .came to the lRomance of a Poor Young Mlan, whlerein the point is tllhat tlhe P. Y. H. being locked in a moonlit tower with a lady, jumps off tihe tower at the risk of his life, sooner tthan stay up there and thus compromise the lady. " I hIave it," said the fair reader, closing the book and going to the sexton of a lonely Methodist church which stood some miles in tlhe country. Diplomatically besieging that sexton, she mlanaged to wheedle him out of thie Ikey to tihe stoeeple, which was high, hiad a spiral stairway inside, and only one window. Then the rich but cool young masn ansd the design ing lady were seen one afternoon riding along tihat road, and stoppinug at the lonely church, to go iup in tihe steeple and view a fine article of smnset. The couple climbed the stairs, and stood at the single window admiring the lovely scene until the sun went down behind the west and thie twilight crept o'er moorland and le--(sce ansy novel or poemn for minute idescription). Then the rich young man began to get skittish antd wish lie was at home, so hle imparted a gentle hinit to hiis companpion that they hIad better go, &e.; Now, the lady Ihad locked the door of the steeple, assuring tlhe young man that it was the sexton's imoperative commanuid. Down the stoeep, narrow staircase they cainme, andil at the bottom the lady felt for tile key in liher pocket; but no key wats there. " Gracious mel" I says she in a most Isistrionic manneiIr, " if I hIavein't gone and dropped the key out of the window. It's fifty feet to thie ground. What will become of us ? To stay ils this steeple all night with a iman anid show myself afteriwards unmarried would b ill me," &-c., and she fell on the yoang mas's breast in a paroxysm of weeping. That young man was cool and business like. Hle waited until she turncied off tlhe water; tihen kinidly soeating her on the lowest step he started upstairs. "Heavens, Joseph: dear Joe, you ain't going to jiunp ? " " Not if I knows it. You just wait." Presently lie retrsned weith a bright smile son his fitec and the bellrope under his arm. Gently but fihnly hIe took that thlirty-five year-old young smaiden uIp-staiirs to the window, and in spite of her entreaties and cries, tied the rope about lher waist and lowered awvay. The conveutional plough tman, hIomeward plodding hIis weanry way, saw as the moon rose a piarti-eolouredT ghost descending thie face of thie chlurch-steeple, and lie began to pledt fatster, andi at the saute time lwhistlintg at tune to kee p up his courageo. But curiosity strouger than fear cassed himi to tatke just one more look at the apparition; anld what wars hIis surprise to behold against thie steeple two barred andil striped objects thalt loomed like tihe clown's legs in thie circus. The plousghmsan stood rooted to thie ground; tutd tthen down came ghost number two, and as it was a dark and masculiuon-looking object, the ploughman rallieicd from his frighlt and alp pr'oaCellcd the spot, when he beheld a lady and gentlemen qsarrelling, and the lady calling the gentleman as " horrid wretch." No cards. 