SUNDAY READING. NOT • SAVED. BV NORMAN MACLEOD, D.D. « 77,<; harvest if the dimmer it nidoK and »«c <irc not savtd,"— Do you sav, " My disease is incurable. It is inveterate. It cannot be healed.'.' And what, let me ask, is that disease which the good physician, Jesus Christ, cannot cure? When He was on earth, He healed " all manner of diseases ;" He made the blind see, the deat hear, the lame walk, the dumb speak, He even raised the dead. No one was dismissed by Him as incurable. These cures He effected, not merely to do good at the time, or to prove that He came from God, but also to teach the whole world in all ages, what lie could do for the salvation of man ; to assure us that He could save the soul, and make it see his glory, and hear his voice, aud speak his praise, and walk in the way of his commandments—yea, raise it from the very dead. Jesus also cast out demons. You remember, for instance, the case oi the demoniac in the country of the Gadarenes, who lived in the tombs, and wandered naked among the mountains, wild, " night and day craving, and cutting himself with stones." No human hand could biud him, for he was possessed of demons. But Jesus cast them forth, though " they were legion and the pour man was found " in his right mind," sitting clothed at Christ's feet; and he who was a demoniac became a messenger from God, and told his unbelieving countrymen "the great things Jesus had done for him !'' Such blessed miraclc-s prove to us the comforting truth, that Jesus is more powerlul than Satan. He was so then—is He not so now i " All power has been given to Him in heaven and earth.''—" Principalities and powers are made subject to Him." You cannot have a worse disease than those poor sinners in Judea had. Therefore, the Physician who was able to save them, is able to save yon. I have heard of men who professed to cure with their medicines all diseases which afflict the ljody. Thousands believed them, and soon found that they l>elieved a lie. But when God offers us this Physician, to cure our souls, alas, how few put their trust in Ilim : " I know not," you again say, " if Jesus is willg to heal me. I doubt not his power to heal, for He is omnipotent : but what hope dare I entertain that He will exercise that power in my behalf I reply, trust Him and try Him. Uuless you do so, 3*011 must perish. If you do so, you must be saved. Granting, for the present, that there is but a chance of salvation—though it is sad to be obliged to speak thus,—yet, if the only other alternative involves the certainty of destruction, common prudence must lead you to the Saviour. " It may be, He will have mercy." You may have little hope ot relief from Him; but you can have no hope of relief from any one else. There are other and stronger reasons to induce you to go to this Divine Physician. Do not his invitations assure you of his willingness ? You do not, I trust, think it possible that the Saviour would give an invitation to all men which He did not in truth wish all men to accept ? Yet He invites every sinner to come to Him, and is consequently grieved, yea angry, when they do not come. "Come unto me, all who are weary and heavy laden, and 1 will give you rest." Do not his commands, as well as his invitations, convincc you of his willingness ? The commands which are given to men generally, are given to each man particularly. When God gives the general command, " Thou shalt not steal," he commands yon not to steal, and wishes you to be honest. " But this is hU commandment, that ye believe in the name of his Son Jesus Christ." And if He commands you to ljelieve, He wishes you to believe ; that is, to lie saved through faith in Jesus Christ, " the Saviour of all men, specially of those who believe." How can you doubt his willingness ? Is He merciful ?—and will He not delight in showing mercy! Is He holy ?-and will He not delight in making you holy! Is He the Prince oF Peace ? —and will He not delight in giving you peace ! Is He Love ?—and must not love seek love alone as its own reward, and delight in shedding it abroad 011 every heart that will receive it! The ai one csist s the barV ier toWTaivatton*~ The willingness of Christ to saveis onewithh6,)ower »? save. But remember his own silemn deEation and affecting words to Jerusalem, "How often would I have gathered you, but ye would not." . . I read of many .. who — came to the good good Physician, weary and heavy laden, for rest j but I read of none who departed without having obtained the desired blessing. No sincere 6oul ever carried away a burden from the feet of Jesus except the pleasant burden of a weight of gratitude and love. On one evening, we are told " when the sun was setting, all thev that had any sick, with divers diseases, brought them unto Iiim, and he laid his hands on every one of them and healed them!" Merciful Physician » how willing was He to heal them ! Equally willing is He to heal now; for " He is the same yesterday to-day, and for ever." Let us take one instance out ot many, showing his mercy and love towards the poor and needy, and their ignorancp of, and want of confidence in, his mercy and love. When he carae down from the mount of Transfiguration a poor distressed father met him with his sick boy. He had asked the disciples, during their Master s absence, to heal him ; but they could not. He now comes to Christ. He gives a touching history of his child's sufferings, telling how he foamed and gnashed with his teeth, and pined away, and how the foul spirit cast him into the fire and water; and theu he asks the Saviour to help him, saying, " If thou canst do anything have compassion on us and, help ijp." Now observe this man's state ot mind j he thought the only barrier to his son's reoovcry was either the Saviour's inability or unwillingness, or both. He had tried the servants iu vain, and so his con- fidencc in Christ, the Master, is shaken. "If thou canst," &c.;, that was with him the only difficulty. But the Saviour shows him his error, by asking, «If thou canst believe ?" as if He had said, «It is not if I can. but if thou canst. It is certain that I can save, but canst thou trust? Canst thou confide in me t" This was the real question to be settled between the afflicted father and the Saviour, as it is now the great one to be settled between the anxious sinner aud the Saviour. Not, Will the Saviour heal me f but, Can I trust him for healing ? The distressed father is thus obliged to leel, that if there was anything to prevent his child's recovery, that obstacle was in his own breast Accordingly, there begins a peat struggle within between iaith and uubelief. He can hardly believe in Christ's power and mercy. Was it indeed true, that he could do this for him, and help him I IB the recovery of that miserable boy " possible," if he trusts ? But if he finds it difficult to exercise this trust in Christ, he finds it still more difficult to return to his unhappy dwelling, with his child unhealed. The conflict ends in a flood of tears, as if from the thawing of a frozen heart under the warm beams of Divine love, and lie cries, " Lord, I believe ; help my unbelief!" His confidence is weak, but it is real. The Saviour bends over the boy, who, cast down by the foul spirit to the ground, is writhing in agony, and, lifting him up, He restores him in health to his father! Is there no hope for you in such a Saviour ? But perhaps there are other reasons which prevent you from being saved, that may be profitable for us to examine. May not your indifference arise from thinking that you are not in danger 1 But, if there is uo danger, how is it, that the disease under which you labour, is described ill such remarkable language in Scripture? Is there no danger in being an " enemy to Goda "child of wrath," because of disobedience ; in being a subject of the '* kingdom of darkness ;" iu being " condemned already ;" in beinfj " dead in trespasses and 6ins ;" in being " without God in the world ?" Yet all this is true of you, if you are not saved. No one has ever revealed the anger of God against sin as Jesus the Saviour has done. In 6pite of this you do not, it may be, see or feel anything of your present state or condition to alarm you. So have I known men obtain rest from pain a few boms before they died ; ceasing to suffer, while death was seizing their vitals and turning them into the corruption of the grave. Thus the sinner often experiences most ease, when he is nearest eternal death. But I have also known—and I daresay so have you—men brought to a sense of their danger, from 6eeiug the concern of others about them. Have you never seen a man become ior the first time alarmed about himself, when he saw the faithful physician look anxious, and heard him 110 longer express good hope of recovery, and saw his family gaze upon him with tearful eyes, or heard their low sobs, which could not be restrained ? From these outward signs, he became convinced that something dangerous had befallen him. Aud thus, too, might the most indifferent sinner be made to conjecture at least that some sore and terrible malady had seized his souL If he was not in danger of some great, though to him unseen destruction, because of the existence of a great, though by him unfelt moral disease—why do the great and good angels rejoice when he escapes it; and, how is it that God himself commands, warns, beseeches him to fly from it i And why that sore agony in Gethseuiane, that awful scene on Calvary ? The danger of the sinner can only be measured by what God has done to deliver him from it. And if there is not inconceivably great danger, because great evil, then the inconceivably great things which God has done to save us must have been unnecessary. It is thus that you may be made to know your danger, when you are too bliud to know the true nature of the malady which occasions it. When you look within, you may be disposed to cry " peace aud safety but when you look without, you cannot choose but see that an inevitable destruction awaits the impenitent Or it may be that not denying the dangerous consequences of this malady of sin—you imagine perhaps that you can escape from them without Christ. But God says, that " there is 110 other name given whereby we can be saved, but the name of Christ" If you refuse to avail yourselves of this Divine method of being healed and adopt methods which appear to you (iu your blind and smful ignorauce) better and wiser, you arc but acting like Naanian the Syrian, who refused to dip 111 Jordan at the command of the Prophet, and who like a fool " went away in a rage," saymg, Are not Abana and Pharpar, rivcre of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel 1 may I not wash in them and be clean ?" But remember the advice given to this proud and ignorant leper b.v his servant: " If the prophet had bid thee do some great thing, wouldst thou not have done it ? how much rather then, when he saith to thee, Wash, and be clean ?" He had the sense to do so, and what was the result ? IJien went he down, and dipped seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of «• h l™ b came again like unto the fleBh ot a little child, and he was clean !" Go thou and do likewise Believe in the Lord Jesus Umst, and thou shalt be saved, " by the washinc Ghost"" 0 ™ 110 "' and the renewing of the Holy And all this, it may be, you intend doing—but you see no immediate necessity for applying to the physician. No immediate necessity ! Is it not csrtain that you are every moment getting, worse, and that you never can get hotter until you" go to Christ I Is it not certain that, if left to yourselves, the condition which you so much love to- day, you will love much more to-morrow? S n e ' l i 0y J )eace > and love Christ, S ffi too soon ? And if you determine On3,.u a t 61,1 .? ne week-one Wr-wliat if God should permit you to have your own way t,m ^ T ' t - f V' iU ** eve ' Possess you ? To-day it ye will hear his voice harden not your hearts;» but if y 0ll wiU llot h eai. his vSo JEREMIAH viii. 20. «to-dav," what if to-morrow the righteous sentence shall bo passed—They hated knowledge, aud did not choose the fear of the Lord ; they would none of my counsel, and despised all iny reproof; therefore shall they cat the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices" ? But are those the true reasons, after all, which keep most men from seeking the balin that is in Gilead, and the Physician who is there ; or are they not rather the mere excuses of one who perhaps desires to get rid of the evil consequences of «in, but not of sin itself ? It is not unlikely that I truly interpret your feeliug, aud read aright the wishes of your heart, when I say, that you have no objections to bo saved from all the pain and trouble which attend your malady, and from all the fears of coming agony, if you are only permitted to keep the malady itself j or to be cured, provided only the Physician will cure you in your own way;—or to be saved from the curse of sin when you die, if you are only allowed to keep " the pleasures of sin" as long as you live. And, accordingly, the language of your heart may be like this, " My disease. I fear, is dangerous; I am afraid of it I am willing to be healed, but let the cure put me to 110 trouble, 110 pain, no selfdenial of any kind. Let it be done, in spite of me, by an act of omnipotent power. Save this body from being cast into hell; but do not cut off this hand, or pluck out this eye to 6ave it. Bring ine into the way that leads to glory ; but not by a gate so strait, or a road so steep and narrow. * Deliver me from the body of this death ; but not by ' mortifying the deeds of the body,' or by ' crucifying the flesh in one word, cure me, but not by medicines; however necessary, yet bitter or disagreeable to flesh and blood, nor by any operations painful to the flesh !" And thus, alas ! we fear, many a man argues in his heart who has light enough to see the danger of bis sin, but 110 heart to part with it. " Save me from selfishness ; but permit me always to gratify self. Save me from filth ; but let me wallow in the mire. Save me from intoxication ; but let me drink on. Save me from covetousness ; but let me keep my gold. Save me from sloth ; but give me nothing to do. Save me from my bad temper; but let me indulge it. Give me strength, but not exercise ; daily happiness, but not daily duty ; patience, but nothing to try it; faith, but nothing to shake it; zeal, but nothing to engage at; weancdness from the world, but no Borrows or cares to produce it. I wish light, comfort, aud peace, without secret or earnest prayer at a throne of grace ; without the Spirit of God being asked and obeyed ; without hearing, reading, or believing the truth. I wish to be a partaker of all the benefits of redemption, to share Christ's glory, Christ's inheritance, Christ's throne : but uot to share Christ's holiuess and self-denial, Christ's sufferings aud cross:—in one word, ] wish by the grace of God to be saved, when 1 die, from punishment, but not while I live, by this grace, from sin !" And is this the way in which dying, perishing sinners treat the blood-bought remedy, and receive the offer of eternal life ! Is this the way they deal with the Saviour! arguing and disputing as if He were an equal; insulting Him with offered compromises between his awfuL commands and merciful invitations, and the desires of our own corrupt and evil hearts ? Oh ! where are the souls who are in earnest about salvation ! where the upright 6ouls who will meekly believe God's Word, and humbly and reverently do his will—where are they who will put their trust in the Physician, and, instead of prescribing to Him, be administered to by Him ? Where are they who will truthfully go to Him in confiding prayer, saying,—" Lord Jesus, we have tried mauy physicians, and they could not heal us; we now come to Thee ! We are dead in trespasses and sins, poor and needy, blind and naked. The harvest is past, and the summer ended; yet we are uot saved. But we are spared; and we have heard the glad tidings that there is balm in Gilead, and that Thou art the Physician there, able and willing to save to the uttermost all who come to Thee. Our hope is in Thee. We believe ; help our unbelief. Pardon all our sins through thy precious blood; and through thy Spirit help us to die to sin aud to live to Thee. We give ourselves, soul, spirit, and body into thy hands. Send us adversity or prosperity, life or death. Give to us what remedies seem to thy love and wisdom best suited to us, and humble hearts to receive them ; but oh ! for thy great mercy, 6ave now and for ever our poor perishinc souls!" l i b May the Spirit of God, without whose teaching man's teaching is vain, open the eyes of our understanding, that we may know the truth as it is in Jesus ; aud open our hearts to receive it in love that believing in Christ, and receiving his Spirit we may be saved ! (Concluded from our last.) MYSTERIOUS AND UNACCOUNTABLE PHENO- MENON.—The inhabitants about Cook's River the other day were excited to an alarming pitch by a strange cavalcade hovering mysteriously in the vicinity of Tom Ugly's Point. The alarm and interest of the inhabitants of those regions became intensified, when, upon closer inspection, it was discovered who the mysterious Btrangers were. First, and foremost, rode an ex Premier, the very beau-ideal of Don Quixote leading a heavily laden pack horse. Immediately behind him caiue an ex-Attorney General, who answers exactly to the description of the Don's followers J and bringing up the rear, on a tall raw-boned animal satan e x J t ? eflJ8Urer » lookiu 8 as if he had resolved the whole study of arithmetic into the contemplation of one figute, and that the first. The parfy were arrayed in turbans and other guards against the weather, and moved along in solemn silence, their quiet, restless, furtive glances at the nature of the country they were passing through being the only noticeable phenomena in connection with them. They were watched by a puzzled group of spectators until they disappeared in the distance in the direct line for Bulli, 