OUE AMUSEMENTS. D'ARCY'S READ'S GHOST. This entertainment is drawing very large houses in Hobart Town, insomuch that on two occasions money was refused, and numbers, unable to gain admission, had to return home disappointed. Mr. Punch had the pleasure of being present personally on Monday night, that being by arrangement Punch's command night, in consequence of which, of course, numbers of people partly to enjoy the entertainment, whilst these and many others came to pay their devours to His Lordship the Tasmanian Punch ; consequently the large Town Hall was filled. " Temptation" was the first piece on the programme, and was delineated in such a manner as to draw forth the heartiest applause. Then came the Phantom Christys, whose singing as well as dancing was first-class. And how the little ones roared at the changes from the black-faced to the ghost-like minstrels, between whom interchanges during the choruses took place. This was followed by the performance of the "Haunted House," in which Mr. and Mrs. Read kept their audience in a continual roar of laughter. Besides the amusement provoked by the entertainment, the transformations are really first-class, and-we-have no doubt but that D'Arcy Read's Ghost mil long continue to haunt Tasmania,. Hobart Town especially. A crowded house again greeted the performers on Wednesday night. CLARK'S GAIETY GROUP. This variety entertainment has been drawing very fair houses in Launceston and the surrounding districts, where they are now visiting. Their performances are wonderful, especially as far as concerns the delusions of Mr. Silvester, which are cleanly and cleverly done, and also the wonderful serial flights of Onzalo. These latter performances were gone through with the greatest sang froid, 'whilst those below are oftimes quite concerned as to the safely of this wonderful performer. The " masks and faces" part of the entertainment would be much better were the lady who gives this portion of it possessed of a stronger \- voice. The -fact of her not having such a voice detracts from her otherwise faithful representations.. Miss Nordt's singing is pleasing, and her selections tasteful, and though her performances as a vocolist are not claimed to be wonderful, she has, nevertheless, her friends and admirers. AT A TEA PARTY.—Young Gent, to Miss A. S.—" Why, your eyes are so black and large, and stare so, they pierce my very heart." Young lady.—" Ha, if they do so they can't see through it. 