Maitland Police Business. West Maitland Police Court.-Fourteen cases were set down for hearing at the West Maitland po- lice court on Thursday all of which were disposed of. The Magistrates in attendance were Mr. Addison, P.M., and Messrs. Riley, Bowden, and Robertson, J's.P. Alleged Shooting case.-David Fairhall was summoned to the West Maitland police court on Thursday, to answer to the charge of having, on the 17th April, at Knockfin, feloniously shot at one William Cavenagh with a loaded gun, with intent thereby then to maim him. William Fairhall was also charged with aiding and abbetting in the com- mission of the said felony, Mr. R. W. Thompson appeared for the defendants, The prosecutor did not appear when called upon, and the information was dismissed. Allowing Soap-Suds to Flow into the Street.-John Ryan was charged, on Thursday, at the West Maitland police court, with having, on the 2nd ultimo, suffered suds to flow from his premises in Hunter street into the watercourse. The defen- dant pleaded guilty but stated that the Borough Council had blocked up his yard so that the water could not get away. Water also flowed from the Mercury premises through his yard. The inspector informed the bench that the water had been allowed to remain there for three days, and the neighbours had called his attention to it. He was fined in the nominal penalty of two shillings and sixpence and costs. The police magistrate remarked that a heavier penalty would be inflicted in future. Mr R. A. Young appeared for the Council. SUFFERING a Cow to Stray.-At the West Maitland police court, on Thursday, Mary Ryan was charged with suffering a cow to stray in the streets of the borough. The defendant stated that the cow was coming from the paddock to the milking shed at the time. In answer to a question from the bench, the ranger stated that he saw the cow in the street about ten minutes. The case was dismissed. [Mr. Riley, J.P., called the inspector's attention to the number of animals continually straying in Sempill street.] BREACH OF NUISANCES PREVENTION BY-LAWS. -William Pullen was summoned to the West Mait- land police court, on Thursday, to answer the charge that, he being a resident of Olive street, did allow his water closet to be offensive to the neighbouring residents. Defendant stated that the place was not offensive to any one, and asked for a postponement to enable him to secure the attendance of material witnesses. He had received no notice to have the nuisance, as it was termed, remedied. The Inspector stated that notice has been given to the landlady to have the nuisance remedied. On the defendant's promising to have the matter attended to, the case was dismissed on payment of costs. Breaches of the vehicle By-Laws -On Thursday, at the West Maitland police court, the Inspector of Vehicles charged John Bellamy, driver of No. 6 licensed omnibus, with having started from the public stand, near High-street station, and then turned round without completing his journey in ac- cordance with the by-laws made and provided. De- fendant pleaded not guilty. The inspector gave evidence to the effect that the defendant was the driver of No. 3 omnibus (not No.6 as was stated in the information.) On the 24th April the defendant passed the southern stand and proceeded up High street, and turned back new Messrs, Wolfe and Gorrick's without completing his journey. Defend- ant stated that he did go to the stand. The Bench dismissed the case.-A second case against the defendant was withdrawn by the inspector. Thomas Bellamy, sen., was charged with a similar offence. He pleaded not guilty. The inspector failed to prove the charge, and the case was dis- missed.-James Bellamy was charged with having acted as driver of No. 7 licensed omnibus during the suspension of such license. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Mr. R. A. Young appeared for the Council. The inspector's evidence was to the effect that the defendant's license had been suspended by the authority of the Mayor, owing to some defect in the 'bus wheels, and that during such suspension the defendant to tinned to ply for hire. The de- fendant stated that the 'bus had been repaired pre- vious to the charge. He was fined in the nominal penalty of five shillings and costs. Obscene Language. - John Chapman was charged at the West Maitland police court, on Thurs- day, with having made use of obscene language in Devonshire- street, West Maitland, on the 19th ultimo. Defendant pleaded guilty, but stated that he was in bed in his own house at the time the lan- guage was made use of, and had been annoyed by his wife, who came home at a late hour. Constable Court reminded the bench that the language used was very foul. The bench would take into considera- tion the fact that he had received provocation from his wife, and other circumstances, and inflicted a small penalty. He was mulcted in the sum of 5s, in default forty-eight hours in gaol,- William Britt pleaded guilty to having made use of obscene lan- guage in High street on 24th. April. He stated that he had been in the district about fifty years and had never been before the bench on any charge during that period. He was fined in the penalty of 5s. or forty-eight hours in gaol. The fines were paid. DRUNKENNESS AND PROFANE LANGUAGE--At the West Maitland Police Court on Thursday John Ryan was charged with having been drunk in Hunter street on the previous evening. He pleaded guilty and was fined ten shillings or forty eight hours in gaol -He was further charged with having made use of profane language in High street on the same even- ing. Defendant pleaded guilty. Senior- constable Powell stated that about seven o'clock on Wednes- day evening he arrested the defendant on a charge of drunkenness , while in High-street on the way to the police station he made use of the words, "By God Almighty, and by God" several times. He was very violent. Constable Hogan gave corroborative evi- dence. He was fined twenty shillings or fourteen days in gaol.-Catherine Ryan pleaded guilty to hav- ing been drunk in Charles street on Wednesday evening. There being previous convictions re- corded, in the police books against her, she was ordered to pay a fine of twenty shillings or to go to gaol for seven days.-She was further charged with having made use of profane language, to which she pleaded not guilty. Constable Key gave evidence to the effect that the defendant, in High street, made use of the words " By Christ, by Holy Ghost, and by God. " She was fined £1 or fourteen days in gaol. 