Harry Merrill's last Christmas Eve. \- [Written for the Gawkr Standard.] Br A CASUAL " You don't believe that the dead can return to as ? Well, neither did I. some years back, but now, Tom However, it doesn't matter, I don't suppose you would believe me." So spake Harry Merrill to me, as we sat under the verandah on a bright moonlight evening last summer, smoking oar fragrant havannaks, and chatting on various topics of interest. It was Christmas Eve, and eome remark—I really forget what—had passed which led a slight reference on my part to what I was pleased to term " superstitious Fancies" on the part of some people. I was all attention at once, for although I had spoken in this way, the chance of hearing a really verifiable ghost story had never before been vouchsafed to me. " What, Harry," said I, " you don't mean to say that you have had an adventure with a ghost, do you ?" " Yes, Tom, I have," replied Harry. " Do tell me all about it, then ?" " Well, there's not a great deal to tell. You didn't know me then, Tom, but ten years ago I was a very different sort of a fellow from what I am now. I was a regular ne'er-do-weel, and had spent a. curious life in some of the older, cities of Europe. I had run through all the money I bad, and in a fit of desperation had sailed for Australia. Onboard the ship that brought me out were a gentleman and his daughter, whose real name I need not mention now. Mr. Monck, as I will call him, now occupies a high position in Adelaide, and for his sake, as well as for that of others, it will be jnst 'as well that I should give him another name. Lilias, his daughter, was the most beautiful girl I ever saw. Tall, dark, with a commanding presence, she appeared to me to be very perfection itself. Her temper was ordinarily sweet and gentle,' but there was that in her face that showed that when aroused it was not easily quelled. The confinement on shipboard naturally threw Lilias and myself much together, for we were the only passengers who were about the same age. With one like Lilias as a companion the result may easily be guessed. I naturally glided into love— a iove that will never leave my breast as long" as I am in existence; and my delight was unbounded when I felt that my feelings were reciprocated. Before the Indus arrived at Port Adelaide I was a changed man. My sole endeavor was to make myself worthy of Lilias. I knew what I had been, and, therefore, although the passage was a somewhat prolonged one, I never dared to speak my love. I could see, however, that Lilias loved me in return, and this was happiness enough for me," " Bnt, Harry, why did you hot speak ?" asked I. " Because I had not confidence in myself. I. -believe now, Tom, that had I done so much of the misery I have since known would have been spared me, and Lilias would not have sunk into her early grave; but I could not trust myself, I knew too well what I had been, and I wanted to be certain that my good resolutions were strong ^enough to withstand the temptations that I knew would surround me when I once more reached a city. We arrived in safety, and when we •parted at the port it was simply as friends. I had many invitations from Mr.. Monck "to visit him, and these I heartily accepted. ' Time rolled on, and I was about preparing myself to speak, when it seemed somehow as though LiJias's manner changed. Instead of meeting me asliad been her wont with a cordial welcome she appeared colder, aud although I stUl seemed not an unwelcome gnest, I felt a conviction that I was not anxiously looted for as I had been. This change puzzled me, and I accordingly refrained from declaring myself, being apprehensive of a refusal. Foolish that I was J Could I not see that , it was mere maidenly reserve that kept her back, she fearing that she had misunderstood me f I was called away from Adelaide for some months, and on my return was not long in presenting myself at Mr. Monek's residence. To my grief and horror, I heard that Lilias was ill, and indeed that she was dying. The shock to me was a fearful one. At " once . I told Mr. Monck all, and though he never reproached me I learnt enough to assure me that it was my apparent neglect that was killing tier. I at once saw her, and although I was too late, I am somewhat happy in the remembrance that before she died she knew I loved her. She never chided me, but we had many talks together, and in one of these she told me that she would if it were possible watch over me after her departure, and be with me —. - 1 cannot; go on with this, let me take, up the story a little later on, She died in my arms on Christmas Eve. just 12 months after I had first met Jier Ilsre the strong man broke down, and I judged it best to remain silent. After the lapse of a few minutes, he con tinued— " For weeks I lay between life aud death, but at last I recovered. The angel presence of Lilias was ever round me, and although I saw her not I felt her influence upon me. It is ever with me, and now I feel it as strongly as ever I did when my darling was with me, in the flesh. Although I realised in some mysterious way her presence with me, I longed—oh, how earnestly—for a sight of her. I prayed that if it were permitted, she might be rendered visible to my sight; and, Tom, my prayer was granted." " What, Harry, you don't mean to say that "' " That I have seen her since she experienced that change which we call death ?. I do, indeed. It was just a year after she put off the garments of mortality—just eight years ago this night, that I first saw the immortal spirit of my Lilias " " Then you have seen her more than once since she died ?" " More than once ? Yes, and I shall see her again to-night, for on every Christmas Eve since her departure from earth has she visibly returned and appeared to me, to counsel me and reassure me of the fact that she is ever with me as she promised. On this first occassion, however, I was sitting in my room thinking of her—as, indeed, when am I not 1—when suddenly between me and the light I saw a shadow east. There was apparently nothing that would cause this, but gradually I saw a form, appear. It seemed to form itself by degrees from the atmosphere, I could scarce believe my eyes, and sank back in my chair speechless. In a few minutes the form attained the likeness— the perfect likeness of my Lilias. With her old pleasant smile upon her face she stood before me, and I at once fully realised the fact, although for some time I was unable to speak a word. With a gliding motion she came to my side and laid her hand upon my brow. The touch appeared to exercise a magnetic influence upon me, aud at last the spell was broken, and I spoke to her. What we said to each other matters not. I ueed only say that the identity of the j form with my Lilias was most firmly established, and for a space of time, I know not how long, I was in the seventh heaven of happiness. She told me that! she would be with me in the same way on every Christmas Eve until I joined her in the future life; and she has faithfully kept her promise. Tom, I don't know what led me to tell you this, I have never before breathed a word of it • to any one, and I want you to give me your word that you will never repeat it until I have gone to join my Lilias." I gave him my word, and althonglx I wondered much at his story and crossexamined him closely, I could find no flaw in it. Harry Merrill fuliy believed it, of that I was firmly convinced, and although he had said 1 would not believe him, I could not help feeling that his story was true, although when reasoned on it appeared so unlikely. We parted at the gate, and I retired to bed. I lay awake for hours thinking of what I had heard, but at last fell off to sleep. I was roused in the early morning by the news that Harry was dead. I went immediately to his house, and found the sad intelligence was true. His body was in his chair, Ids face had a calm happy smile upon it, and upon his cold white brow was a faint reddish mark, the very shape and sise of a woman's hand ! I came away with my feelings touched in a way that I cannot describe, saying to myself that Sbakspere was right when he said — " There are more things in heaven aud earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy." 