By the Nepean River. BY WAIF WANDER. Many years ago a clerk was sitting at his desk in one of the small shipping offices in Sydney, opposite to the present site of the Circular Quay and at about three o'olock in the afternoon the'bright, sunlight that streamed in the open door way was darkened by the entering figure of a man. ...,-.:??? ; The; figure was tall and stalwart, and that of a man about thirty. He. was -well- featured, but not pleaaant-faeod—a dark complexioned face, with keen, dark, yet restless eyes, and an obstinato firm ness of lip, that denoted determination and surliness of temper. He -was attired in dark trowsers and dark woollen shirt only, with strong long boots drawn above the, knees, and a high-crowned, dark felt hat; ho carried a stout whip in. his brown hand, and tho olork sot him down at "onoe as a country wool-grower down with his waggons. '??.." . "There's a ship expootnd in by your folk, ain't there—a [ship called tho Ifaue o/Zt/V'he.askod. . . " Shoe in," replied the young man at the desk; ','there she lies," and ho pointed with the handle of hi* pen toward a brig that had not been long cast anchor in the roadstead. . ? . . ' 'In ? is she ? *Sh! And she has brought out some- women, hasn't she? some servants I mean?" .'?'.-."?....' " Tee,- she , has eighteen females on' board, I believe." , .... ' "What would be tho best way to engage one ? Can I take a boat and go out to the vessel ?" ; .-..-:. ? : " She's -, discharging her passengers now; I'm going down to the wharf in a few.moments; you can como. along, if you like, and you'll have au opportunity, of seeing the women as they, land.'. , ? r .? , In a few moments, as. tho clerk had said, they .wore? on their ' way; to tho wharf, and as they reached it a oouple of boats wero making their way toward tho shore. It was evident that the boats woro ,principally . occupied by females,, who, with deep interest, were watching the shores of that new country, in;which. everything seemed, .so straugo to thoir unacoustomed eyes. -.?'?.'.?. Among them was one dark-haired and heavy- browed woman, with firm lips and a sharp and active eye that seemed to take in everything around her and analyso it, as far as her own personal interest was concerned. She was not veryyouug—shemighthavebeou thirty— and she looked liko a woman, who would not lose her way even in so great a continent as Australia. As they landed and were met upon the wharf by many whom. curiosity or business had led to see the new arrivals, tho woman I havo doscribod stood a littlo apart, looking koonly from face to faco of tho strangors. around, and listen ing sharply to what passod between those who sought' to ongago a servant from among hor lato companions. Her ap po&ranoe; seemed to attraot the man who had come down with tho shipping-clerk, and ho moved toward hor. " Are you looking for a situation, my girl?" ho asked, bending his brows, and looking at her keenly from under the brim of his brond hat. "I suppose so," she answorod, as she returnod his staro with intorost. " Havo you one to offer mo ?".?' " I havo. ' : I aiii just down to enguge a woman. , ' . ..".?:?:???:-'?? !'?-.:? :- : . - -!- ?? "i'or what kind of work?" ? : " Houeowork, in the conntry." ?'?.." And the wages ?" ' :''.?'"?.??.'???? ' "Oh,- wo won't quarrel about the wages, If you mil oomo with, mo I'll givo you the highest wages that's going, for my place is so far out of town that I know it isn't evory girr would care to takoit." . ;- : ?.'??.? :'/ : '-?/. ?:'? ?:??.:.'.? . . "How far away is it P" " Qvor forty miles. ? Just under the first spur of the Blue Mountains." The woman. It was -not a ploasaut laugh to hear—-it was harsh. iuid shallow. " I'm as wiao as , I was beforo. What do I know about your Bluo Moun tains or your Green Mountains ! ; Thoro's oiio thing I'd like to ask you,.my good man. What made you pick mo out of all theso girls to iisk mo ? My looks are not in.my favour I know." ' # ? .:? "Perhaps it was becauso thoy aro not that I preferred you. You look liko a woman that has a determined will of her own, and that wouldn't be frightened at a trifle. : That's tho sort of woman I want" ??' ? ? ; , "' '? ?' '-.- .' ' ?' ": ??...'? " Well, you're right; that's about my charactor, and if wo agree uhout terms I think 1 , 11 go. Them. Bluo Mountains of yours will have to be very high indeed if they koopmo from ooming back to Sydney if I have a mind and eho laugliod again the strange, disagreeable laugh I remarked on before. "But one thing I may as well tell you at onoe, I don't go ouo foot with you or any man until I'm taken to some woll-known person of this city that will vouch for your decency and respectability." ; "That is but fair," ho said, "and I agree to it." ? . : : ? "And now you may give mc a name to oall you by," she said. "My own name is Martha Wilderness." . "And niino Mark Blum." " You're not a foreigner ?" " No, but I expect some of my people wore Germans. Now, Martha Wilder ness, if you will point out your luggage, I'll got it taken to the pluco I put up at, and where you may as well put up at too. They aro rospoctabla people thoro, and have known mc for years." ??:? Apparently all was arranged to the woman 1 ) sstisfaotion, for tho oarliost sunraye of the next morning saw .tho waggon of Mark Blum on its way to the Blue Mountains, with Martha Wilderness sitting uudor the tilt, but near tho front, whore she could sco tho fine team, of horsos and talk to the gloomy- looking owner as he drove. ; : ?: ' They were ? a strange oouplo as ? thoy joggod along, and had anyone have beeu thoro to observe them, it must havo boon commented on. Hours and'hours of tho long summer day they, sat thoro in eilenoo, o?oh apparently immersed in 'unpleasant thought, totally irre spective of tho oxistouao of tho other, only arousing oooasionally as sonio stoppage was necessary, or tho wants of the horses had to bo attended to. When tho sun was falling benoath tho horizon, however, and they were but-a little way from the placo Blum had told the woman he should camp out for tho night,' a now mood ' soomod l to overtake the immigrant. Clapping her h'lhde together, so suddenly that Blum turned and. looked at her with a start, she cried, "Well, we're nice company ! How far ! have wo oomo, Mr. Blum.?" "Woll, wore about thirty milos from | Sydney, and about fifteen from the ! Nopoan. My place is not far from Emu Ford, and if tho moon wasn't so old, I'd givo tho horses a rest and get in by moonlight, but it's not two hours high,' you see," and he pouitod to the pale crescent that was drooping towards the trees. " Are yoii tired ?" he asked. " Tifod! no, not I—l'm never tirodat night. I'm like the oats, and tho bats, and the rats ; I only to bo alive when the world goes to sleep. My I but this is a fine country I" . ?? Blum looked wonderingly at tho speaker, who seemed, in. earnost in hor admiration of ono of tho most depressing . bits of soonory the whole road between Parramatta and the Nopoan could show. They had reached a low; marshy spot, whore tho coarse vegetation was low, and whore the heavy timber, had receded in the direction of the not now distant Nppean river. The sun. had fairly sot by this time, and broad,, dark clouds from the oast woro.creeping up the- sky, darkening and doepenmg the shadows, and rendoring the long, low marsh ovon gloomier looking than had the day- Sght fallen upon its surface. The ?woman's eyes woro roaming eagerly over the: desolate landsoape, as if sho thoroughly enjoyed it, and her coni- S anion began to think" he had got ?'- to eal with a very strangp woman. ."'" . ' " If you really like the look of Barm j Swnmp," he said, "you must" bo :very different from other people." r ? ; "I urn vory different from other; pbople, Mr. Blum, aiid so aro you. It' was because I saw-that at the first look that I wanted to Jcomo up to tho Bluo Mountains with you." ' ? .?? . ? '' ? _ ? " Saw what?" ho askod sharply, turn ing a dork look upon the speaker. ? "Saw that you had a.secret in your face, that there was 4 down in your hoart a dark something to hido that you wero afraid Would look out of your eyes ! ; Oh, I'm a rare ono to read faces,. ? especially whon they're bad ones like yours." . ?? ': Bluin stared at her with such anger and consternation that bo forgot his team, and had thoy not been accustomod to the road they might havo-'passod,. the track that lod to.tho river side, whoro, ho was in tho habit of camping, but they took it of thoir own accord, and tho enango drew tho driver's attention to thorn. " You'ro no coward, at all events, nay good woman," ho said, ''and. I must have, a talk to you iv plain language presently.V. . , ??? f '.'No, I'm no coward," sho ; "if I >vas I shouldn't have como with you; and as for plain ' language, that's tho sort I like to deal in sometimes," she added, with a slight hesitation as though rocalling a somothing that she had over looked. . .-J It-was far ploasauter down by tho river. Treos grew.on its munnering banks, and groon grasses hid. tho dark ground, and in the growing darkness oven . there a deep gloom lay under tho spreading bronchos of the dark pines that borderod'the Nopoan. There wa* no word exchanged between the ungenial companions until the horses had been attended to, and a rough meal prepared and partaken of, but when that im cleared < away, Martha Wilderness ?poko. .;. '~-', ? ? < '.?"?"'??'?; :, .' '7-" . "Now, master," she B&id;, with' a 8?r -oast io emphasis, > *' wo'rb ready ? for that plain ? lariguago of yours. What's the business'you have trapped mo for lit the Bluo Mountains ?" . - . , ?? ?. " Trapped you for ?" ho '.: i " Or thought you trappod mo ? for, wharo all along it wu you that was trapped !" ond again tho strange laugh foil rep?llautly ou the ears of her how employer. '? :. -; " I laid no trap for you," ho rutortod. V I engaged you for housework' in the baok country, and you siguod' an ogreo nieut to do it." ? i ?'?,'?' " Yes, but when I signed that agrob niont, I never asked, you what sort of housework it was. Do you think any fool couldn't see in your' face that it wasn't for sweeping floors and washing dishes you wanted a stroug-niiudou and üblo-bodiod woman to go to the Bluo Mountains -with you ? By thu way, what do they oall thoin bluo'for. f Are they blue?" - ; It was o sudden change of subject, and excited the suspicions of Blum. Ho looked at the woman, thinking what a peculiar being she must bo, and felt a strango curiosity to know what was pass ing in her mind. Surely it was utterly impossible for a woman just landed from a voyage of many thousands of milos to know anything of hit life, whou not one in the country ho'dwelt in a us pout o reaUtyP : ? Martha was sitting on tho grass, with bor buck loaning against a log, and tho low moon sinking beyond tho glittering waters, throwing its *ad liaht on her pale face. She had taken oft tier bonnet and tossed it on tho ground besido her, whoro it still lay, and her hand with it. Blum sat ou a bit of wood at tho dis tanco of a few foot from her, and his shoulder was toward the moon. One side of his faco was in fleop shadow, and. tho brim of his hat fell low over his foro head; but oven: in tho pale moonlight tho pallor of the man's faoo was like a" whito patch against tho dark background, and his oyus shono like cools of lire. 41 As Martha usked tho irreloyant ques tion regarding tho name of the mountain' that sho could now see- tho bold outline of rising up against tho horizon, her own keen orbs wore bout upon Blum's face, which she watched with a greater sus picion than was exhibited in orou his own half-angry gaze. . \ "?Well, , she said, abruptly, "why don't you tell mo why thoy call thorn blun 1 thoy look blaok to mo." What tho — do I carowby or what" they call tbom!" he roturhbd. " Do you think I ongagod you to como up to the Nopoan to talk of the Blue Mountains ?" " No, I don't; you brought mo up to do Bouio dirty bad work that you don't want to own to yourself even now. What was it? that T s what I .want to : know/'. '?.' ? ?.'.'??? '?:,.;.- "*?'/''.': ; Hor attitude was so determined and aggressive, as sho partially raised hor-. self, and, lifting her hand from, tho ground, held it out before him with an air of command, that it, almost unoou sciously to himself, impressed him. ." Well, that's just what I want to toll, you. You'ro a sharp woman, you arc, to havo guessed that I was afraid to toll you for fear you wouldn't oomo. But we'll have it out now—it's too lato to go back." " Yos," sho replied, " it's far too lato now ; what business havo you for mo? Why did you look among all my oom paiiious, and, passing by the fair and jolly girls, piok out tho dark, ill-tempered looking woman for your work." "Booauso it's work that wants a strong arm and a stout will—you have both, Martha Wildoruoss." . " Yes, I havo. Sco to that," sho said, : pushing tho loose sloeva up from hor wrist, and showing iin arm, white as a woman's, but strong and muscular almost as a man's. " What is it you want mo to do ? Is it murder ? I could strauglo you, I think, if I had a mind to ; "and putting tho ends of hor strong flavors and thumbs togother, she gripped them in as though she wore crushing the lifo out of sotno living thing, and. listoaing to its gasps. ; : Blum shuddered to tho marrow of his bones. " No, no 1 " ho cried, " how oau you talk like that, woman? It's bad enough as it is. Woll, the plain English of it is that my wife is mad, and I want you to look after her." ' ? " Mad ! Your wifo mad ?" Xiko a knifo the torriblo laughtor' of that strango being went through Mark Blum. Her hands fell to hor lap, and letting her hood drop back so that the hoavy braids of hor black hair unloosed and foil upon the log behind her,. sho laughod until tho echoes rang among the branches of tho trues aboyo hor and along the winding bank of tho Nopaan river; " Woman, there is surely nothing to laugh at in madness 1 " Blum cried, half in terror and half in anger. " Isn't thoro ? Sometimes it seems to mo tho funniest thing in the world.is a mad woman. And so you want wo to watch your wife, who is mad ? " " Yes, you aro not afraid of the job I see." " I told you I was no coward ;. what .way is. she- mad ?? - Is she droaniy and 'silent? does she wander with the moon, ?or.killwith it ?; Or does sho nurse and hide ouo feolinsr down below all others,, a .fueling to whioh years areas days, and which ouly gathers with. time ? Does she carry that ono fooling about. with her from youth to uge, and over land and' boas to quench it at last in the blood : of an. onomy ?" , ; ?'.'.. '. ? She .was like a ? PythoMoss, whom tho evil spirit had suddenly overpowered, as she roso suddonly "and pourori out burn ing and strange words, to tho night uir of thu Nepeau. In tho exaggerated imagination of Mark Blum, sho soetuod to loom tall and weird, in tho darkening gloom, and her waving arm seemed to hold a strango powor over him, and to .subdue his will, like an inoantution. "Does sho wandor about liko'u ghost, and mutter of a lover who deceived her, or of a husband sho has lost? Aro her dreams of limitless space, whore souls without bodies, flit about in the sunlojs air, or of tho bottomless pits of flro, 'where the acuiirsod of heaven dwell? Hα! ha! ha! of what strango things aro .the. thoughts of mud women!" ' ' Bluin swept the cold perspiration from bis foroheutl, und got up hurriedly. " I'm bogiuningto think, you're mad yourself, my good woman, and I will tako a ramble until you corns' to yourself. If I hadn't/boon "in your compuuy" all day, I'd swoar you had been drinking,'.' and* ho strode off into the darkness, " Fool !" sho muttered to herself, as. she once more sat upon the grass ; ?" ho thinks that nothing but drink can make a woman mad—ho, of all men, ought to know bettor ?" ? As she coosod to speak the Bounds of a Suiokly approaching horse's feet became iitihot, and in a few moments a horse man alighted close to the waggon. Soe' ing,. the.- recumbent or half-reoumbont figure of the woman nuking the shadows - darker.wnera'-sT.e'fttt; he'peered forward iv th?'glqOJu.'iiiid ei>oke. ; ?? "?::?'['; ??" '? ? "You ? aro v woman, eh? AVhere's BluniP" >-. : .:\\." ',-?';;'???[ .?}/'.': V ?'-?'.'??. ?':?:?:-.?'.'.-- : -" He'roi jihferc, ! .' : ; /anywhore," ;? ~< ehb answered, careleatly.;? :'; "V ,' ': ! ' "I am here; "John; l Wuttt'has -hap-' -;ioned J" ? , Blum spoko sharply as- Uβ oamo' nenr- tho man, ivndouo could hoar, that hie Voice trembled/ : ""?. : !;'; v' ? "Nptbinp* that hood frut you , much, Blumi' She's dead." : '.:.?.. ."DoadP" ,, -.-'-".:-' , - ?*.-?'?-?. '?? .?.;?? ???'^??-?;; "Yoj, and I thought I'd better meet you 'with- the- news, 'or someone else might. There's all sorts of yarns at'the Ford about it, nnd I did not know,how you'd takn 'em." ' ; ??': - "Yarns ?". '? ..-? '-? V;, ? ."--'- ; ' : -" Yes, I haven't boen up to your place sinoo you left, you kuow, ana iit "secuis ? someono - from 'over ?- the' ''mountains h'apponed to pass by the. house yestortaj-; and hadthoouriosityto listen'at the door or window, wondering how you' had- loft your wife. It ii said that, groans wore hoard—at all ovonts tho stranger smashed iv tho door with your own axo, and found tho woman dying.'.- , "Not dead ? not speechless P" ??'.?.- ?? " No, sho told him that you had loft her thoro for over a weok without wator and without food, and that oho was dying of want. But she told him more,'-tho man said, drawing closer , and almost n-bisporing ; '? she told that you wished her death, lest she should inform of your crimes, and' that *ho had novor' boen mad. Mark Blum, I rode hero to-night to give you a olianoe for your lifo, for if you go to Emu Pord thoy will lynoh you —-if thoy ; don't, dead men have boen brought to light from thoir graves made by you, and tho law will do your business." The speaker waited'for an instant, but the wrotohbd Blum made no reply, and tho man romountod without another word and rodo away again into the gloom. Blum stood whero ho had listened, as if ho hud boon struck dumb ; in those few minutes of helpless silonoo ho doubtless ? :uffart?l vii nlmost uriendurablo agony from tho horror of his own thoughts. Ho had forgotten all but the ? terrible words of the departod horsuinau, and : whou the woman ho had forgotten put hor hand on his arm ho K tt ?pod with terror, as though ho thought'his ' mur dered wife''had oomo fooo to face with him iv the lono night by the Nopenn River. ' "Hα! ha ! "sho laughed; "I am not, and yot I am, the ghost of your dead wife. At last; at lastj Murk Blum, your sine havo overtaken you." , " Who .aro you that talks to mc like this P" ho oriod, hoarsely, as though tho words ohbkod him. ? "It you heard that man's foolish story you needn't take it all for gospel. If I had meant to kill hor would I havo hired you to attend her?" : :?'.' ,; -'?: ?'.: .-.: ?? ??. : ?'"?.... , : ' ?? . " Only the; Spirit of Evil knows what you would bo oapablo.of doing, Mark Bluin., i" kiiow what you havo done. And so you havo murdorod your second wifo P Not ovory man oan boast of killing two wives I": : Tho moon was now just throwing her lust beams full in tho faces of the two so strangely oast togotlior in that wild and lonely spot, .and from tho cloudless sky millions of stars wore pouring down Uinir brightness as tho lust beams of tho hiddou daylight ooasod to oontond with them. Into each othor'a faoes the two stared steadily, and it sooniod to Mark Blum as if, moment : by moment, tho woman's faoe-bocamo more familiar to him.- . '?','-. ':?'?. ? '?: ~ : . ?': ?;:?.;;?.:.: ? ; "Wlio' aro you P" he repeated., "Your faoe is chauguig—it is not the face of tho woman I ongagodat Sydnoy. I think I am going mad I I fool choking!" and ho toro from his nock tho scarf that uiieirclod it. ' ".?'?'. "You know-my face too. well, Mark Blum—a livinsj lnau oaunot forgot tho fuoo of his victim. lam Jane ltopsill." ?'." Jano RopsiU!'.' ; "That wai, until sho beoauio Jane Blum. Wonder, you dared to live under that same name, ovon although thou sands and thousand*) of miles wero bocweeu you and tho blood you had shed. But you did not spill enough of it. You loft mc for a oorp.io; but, although my skull was frupturod, I rooovorod, to find myself mad! Not mad enough to forgot you. though, Mark Blum. Not mad onough to prevent mo from vowing a .vow, and repeating il for fifteen yoars, until the asylum doors woro oponod to tho recovered lunatic! liooovorod I I ehull let yoii and them soo 1" Ho stagi?ored baok and lifted his hand to his hoad. "If it is really, you, Jatio, have pity on me—l boliovo I am dying." "It is timd for you to dio. Would to Qod that you had diod twenty years ago I" ; und as- tho old memories flooded up tho diseased . brain, sho soouiod to forgot tho man, who fell to the grass at . her foot; she moohanioally foil again to hor former goat- on the grans and buriod hor face in her hands. . Tho re was no eye to mark , the two figures half Mddon among'the shadows, aud hours passed away, leaving their outlinos unchanged. Olouds oropt up once moro aud hid the brightness of tho. hoavens, and wild ? brbezos swopt among tho piuoa and roughened tho sur fnoo of tho cold Nepoan.' Moaning sounds followod tho course of tho erratic breezos, and-, dead leaves from tho branches above. fell upon the fiico of Mark Blum .and upon the disordered hair of tho silent woman, but thoy made no sign. The calico cover of tho waggon flapped in the wind, aud the saUs?od horses cropt nonr it for company, but the man lay prone upon the grass and tho woman's fuco was still hidden from tho down of night. The morning broke bright and beau tiful on the shores of tho river, and in all his glory tho glad euu.shoub full upon tho sloopers. Tho horsi.-s,. looking' for thoir; oarly; feed, niovod towards their aluinberiug master, und thou -fled -with a terrified snort. A grey lizard crept along tho log azainst wlnoh tho woman leaned, and invuding hor long, damp, black hnir, crawled to her shoulder and touchod with its shiny sides, the hands that hid her face, but she did not chido it; and whon the tiuno horseman, who hod warned Blum, returned during the day to satisfy himself that Blum hud flctl, he found tho murderer staring with sightless' eyes up lit tho houven he had outruged ; and the (load woman "with' her face for ever 'hidden from the world she hud' suffcrod There are green spots now by tho Nopeaii Iliver, und many homesteads on its bunks, but where thoso dead bodios lay tho air seems always gloomy to those who know tho story I have told you. ! . Tire timed are hard wivs co— but tho wagos of aiu'liayo uot'bocn out down. Axy imut pay* too much for hU wiiUtlo who ha* to wot U ill teen or twenty times a day. Thk other day tho- Berkshire Courier, with 'well-feignod innooence, inquired, " How can. fl.ro porsotitf divide five egge %o that each man will rooeivu ono, : aud ?till 000 ronmin in the dish ,. After several huudrod peoplo weut twro-thirde dlarractod in tho mazes of this pro position, the ' Courier meanly say*—One takoi the dUhVith the egg. 