) OUR AMATEUR THEATRIUALS AT IM > BOOLONG-. / He jests at- scars mho noctiv fult a, wowul — 'RoMko. ( One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ) of Boolon.g, had of his youthful days, he used to' declare, > was when he made his first .and only appearance as |an \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment .athis f. own house in Boolong. ' He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread- the f bo.ards like the great Garric'rc and the elder Ke.an — but it / was, fooli.sh notion, soon knocked out of his head af'Ser his ) peculiar dehCit. Oii finding the Melbourne and Sydney \ managers unwilling to give a peifect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at .any of their several Ihe.atres, he resolved to " take- the ' bull by the horns" and get no a company of his own do-wn ) I3t his place at Bootong. He went to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre, purchasing w.ardrobe, having \ seeneiy painted — or Banbury w.as -determined to do the . thing well aud in tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company,, many of them like himself, r.aw ani- ' bitious amateurs, e.agcr "to -fret their hour upon the ) stage,". and one or two see ly outcasts of the profession; ) and he looked forwaa'd to the production of his pet play, \ " H-ivrnlet," himself <as the Pnnce, with much excitement, hot unajloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ) month's constant rehearsal, were jiretty perfect in their \ words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, .and the Ming likewise ; OpheUa, an amateur, \ burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozem lines. Banbury was ro.ared at by the local personages who- ) assembled to .assist at the amateur performance. But this V was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills came in the expense was twice .as large as he had expected, ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, . " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because they knew th.at my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method-- ( ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he would do no such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap pings, for if there \vas one thing he held in abhorrence it i was the theatre." What was he to do ? His uncle would disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished ' for him, and send him adrift on the world. What was he I to do 2 His crcditoi'S would not wait and he would- be a miserable pauper. But for all this he did hot lose his ' house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his ( namej thanks to the timely aid of one mho is a fsnenth: to the drama as well as to the rest of the world, who advanced ' him the needful. Need .we say his name. No ; all know i him 1 But we inaiy as well remark it was the oha'rnnoa of the distressed, DAVID HENRY, of .52 Collins street east, ' Who has from £5 to 8 1 0,000 £o lend on notes of h-and', bills » of sale', (with or without security), salary orders,, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandise, on expected remittances, -or on moneys per- \ sons may be entitled to from England, and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowei'S, Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and 'v mortgages from G per cent. 