THE WAR EXCITEMENT IN ENGLAND. , 6-1-?? (F80K OPP. CITY CORRESPONDENT LONDON, FEBRUARY 15. "THE English Fleet has passed the Dardanelles." Such is the intelligence which has caused the national pulse to throb more fiercely than has been the case for many a day. Even those who least admire the tactics of the Conservative Ministry cannot resist a secret feeling of pride at the manner in which the fleet has obeyed the orders with which it was entrusted. It was told to go to Constantinople, and there it has gone, the protest of the Porte notwithstanding. This may be imprudent or impolitic, but the determined manner in which our ironclads steamed through the long disputed straits savours too much of the spirit which animated Drake or Raleigh not to be popular. People may be dissatisfied with the policy of the Tory Premier, but they are very proud of the pluck exhibited by our sailors. It certainly has created a powerful impression in Europe. " It is just like you, English," said a Frenchman in one of our West End cafes the other day, " when you say you'll do a thing you do it." The fearless confidence with which the four ships under the command of Admiral Hornby steamed up towards the Turkish capital has impressed even the stolid Muscovite. But to revert to the political history of the last few weeks. Not the least significant feature of this has been the ceaseless activity of the war party, who have lost no opportunity of utilising both the Press and the platform in the new crusade against Russian pretensions in the East. So agitated and undecided is the public mind that the labours of these advocates of a bellicose policy have not been without _ effect, for they have succeeded in reaching, to a considerable extent, the old feelings of suspicion respecting Russian intentions against the interests of this country, and leading people to believe that the two nations are. natural enemies land incapable" of remaining on friendly terms with each other. Of course all this is done with a purpose, although it would be going too far to assert that the Premier is the guiding spirit of the movement, as many of his opponents would have us believe, for were the Earl of Beaconsfield to give even secret countenance to a movement which threatens to become irresistible, such men as Lord Derby would not remain in the Cabinet. But were the Premier desirous of fostering the war spirit in this country there is no need of any interference on his part. Unfortunately we have amongst us too many individuals who are more or less interested in the commencement of hostilities. With very few exceptions, as in the case of Sir Henry Havelock and Captain Nolan, our unemployed officers, both naval and military, perceive in a war with Russia an opportunity for again being employed on active service, and obtaining full pay. This may appear very unpatriotic language, but it must be remembered that there has always been a war party in our midst, and that it is only the ominous turn of events in the East which has brought it conspicuously into public notice. Then we have large numbers of contractors, manufacturers of military stores, shipping agents, and others, all of whom expect to make fortunes out of the necessities of the situation, although at the expense of the great mass of their fellow-countrymen. Hence the abundance of funds forthcoming in support of the war agitation. A few thousands of pounds is nothing to men who expect to gain millions should a certain contingency arise. As a speci- men of the lavish expense readily incurred by- the wire-pullers of the war party, it may be mentioned that a few gentlemen in favour of a policy of neutrality Convened a meeting at the Cannon-street Hotel, on the day when the mail via San Francisco left town. On the evening previous something like 10,000 post cards were forwarded to known Conserva- tives resident in the city of London, urging them to attend and support the Government. The prospect of a row was too tempting to be resisted. Hundreds of clerks, bookkeepers, and warehouse assistants, eager to have "bit of fun," rushed to the hotel, where they carried the staircases and committee rooms by Storm, nearly frightening the members of several charitable associations out of their senses, and compelling Mr. Samuel Morley, M.P., and other well known Liberal leaders who happened to be present on business unconnected with the meeting to seek refuge from threatened insult and violence. Of course the mob, its passions excited to the highest pitch, was ripe for any mischief, but luckily contented itself with applauding violent speeches against Russia and loudly cheering the Turkish flag ; after which there was a procession to the Guildhall, where the Lord Mayor consented to preside at another meeting of an extempore character, for the purpose of passing a vote of confidence in the Government. The Cannon street meeting proved the spark to ignite the inflammable materials so carefully prepared by the Conservative agents. At the Stock Exchange, Lloyds, the Corn Exchange, and other places the ceaseless hum of business became replaced by shouts of " Down with Russia," and cheers for "Lords Beaconsfield and Derby. In vain did those who held contrary views endeavour to obtain a hearing. The blood of the people was up, and words of warning fell on closed ears. At Lambeth, Sir James Lawrence, M.P., and Mr. Alderman M'Arthur, M.P., met their constituents, only to be missed for their resistance to the war vote of six millions, the latter gentleman being robbed of his gold watch during the melee. Pursuing the advantage thus gained, war meetings, for they cannot be otherwise designated, were held in Exeter Hall, at Cremorne Gardens, and other places, where the supporters of the Government practically had everything their own way. In the provinces, especially in the agricultural districts, numerous war meetings were held, although the friends of peace were by no means idle, and strenuously endeavoured to show that there were two sides to the question. It is possible that calmer counsels would have prevailed but for the mingled feelings of alarm and indignation occasioned by the unexpected intelligence that the Russians had occupied Constantinople. So intense was the popular excitement that Mr. Forster found himself compelled to withdraw his amendment to the proposed war vote, the Liberal opposition finding itself in a hopeless minority. For the space of twenty-four hours the nation awaited with breathless uneasiness the expected declaration of war against Russia, but at the last moment came the news that the Russians had not actually occupied the Turkish capital, although they were in possession of its lines of defence. The e'riheal state of affairs had some effect in preventing further bellicose demonstra- tions, for it was instinctively perceived that the chances of peace and war had become so evenly balanced, that the slightest incident would turn the scales. When it became known that the Government had ordered the fleet to proceed to the Sea of Mar- more, there were very few traces of opposition, although several of the Liberal leaders dissented from the proceeding, giving as their reason that they regarded it as a direct challenge to the Russian Government. In the provinces the war agitation has been confined principally to the agricultural districts, although in several of the large manufacturing towns meetings have been successfully held in favour of the Government policy. In fact, where the Conservative interest is most powerful the war feeling is most strong. This forms a portion of the phenomena of the. situation. The conflict has assumed an essentially party character, the Liberals being in favour of peace, and the Conservatives as strongly inclined for war. But what about the labouring classes : Well, it is a remarkable, fact that every newspaper, whether it be the Industrial Review (edited by George Potter) of the well- known journal bearing the name of Mr. G. W. A. Reynolds, is decidedly opposed to our unsheathed the" sword on behalf Turkey. All the great industrial leaders, the men who profess to represent the working classes of the United Kingdom have raised their voices in favour of peace, and their sentiments have been echoed in thousands of Nonconformist pulpits, yet, somehow or other, they do not appeal to perceptibly affect the national feeling. Even the Liberal organizations, spread like a network over the entire country, have become paralyzed, as it were, by the overpowering strength of the public sentiment against Russia. Conciliatory counsels are impatiently listened to. The people; heedless of every warning, and excited by the inflammatory appeals of the war party, are hereby becoming more and more disposed to commence a deadly struggle with the Muscovite, even at the risk of producing a general European war. Much of this determination is traceable to the known efficiency of our 'coast defences. The Thames, for instance, is practically as impregnable as Cronstadt, A hostile fleet might enter its mouth, but long before it had mark ed within sight of Tilbury Fort, it would have become sunk by the guns of the almost invisible batteries which line the shores of England's famous liver. 'Indeed our coast has never been so well prepared against hostile invasion as at the present moment. Moreover, there is no lack of men, in the absence of the regular army, to man the various defences. The mere rumour of a possible war has caused the gaps in the ranks of the volunteers and the militia to become rapidly filled up; and gardeners War Office nerve randum is to be resisted, so. great is the efficiency attained by both branches of the reserve forces, that they are quite capable of undertaking, single-handed, the defence of these shores. Hence the interest attaches to the forthcoming volunteer review at Easter. It is expected to be on a larger and more practical scale than on any former occasions, although the exact locality has not yet been selected. The autumn manoeuvres of the regular army will also be conducted upon an unusually extensive scale, with the view of testing certain much disputed points relative to efficiency in the field. At Woolwich arsenal the war preparations are being carried on with great vigour. Not only have several thousand additional artisans been engaged, but they are also working overtime, even on Sundays. The, quantity of shot and shell turned out here is- enormous. "At the Royal dockyards large numbers of extra hands have been taken on for the purpose of enabling the various war vessels on the stocks to be finished with all possible dispatch. The three Turkish war vessels, built for Turkey, have been purchased by the English Government, and Avill_ be forthwith equipped for service in the Mediterranean, if not in the Sea of Marmora.' There is no lack of naval volunteers. Indeed, the applications are becoming so numerous as to be absolutely embarrassing. All this forms an indication of the painful extent to which the national feeling has become aroused. The question of peace or war hangs tremblingly in the scales, and the slightest incident may determine the final issue. Perhaps one of the most suggestive facts in connection with the present state of affairs is the proposed volunteer demonstra- tion in favour of the Government, AA'hetlior this display receives the countenance of the various command- ing' officers remains to be seen. Hitherto, political feeling has never been allowed to become a characteristic of Ano Volunteer organization, and many of its best friends are averse to the suggested manifestation, lest it should form a dangerous precedent. But the temper displayed by the volunteers is under the consideration of the Government, and it is understood that should war be declared against Russia, the bulk of our regular troops will be dispatched to the East, their place at home being taken by a portion ofthevplun/ teers in connection with a portion of the militia, who are likely to be called out within the next few weeks. From this it will be seen that war is regarded as inevitable here, and that we have made up.<iur minds for the worst. Perhaps this will account for the absence of any active resentment against the war policy of the Government, although, in the, manufacturing districts, it is instinctively felt that the first hostile shot will herald the comm.encem.ent of a period of commercial and industrial depression far more severe than that from which we are; at present suffering. The truth is, anything, however disastrous, is better than the painful state of uncertainty in which, we have been dwelling during the last few months. Trade has become completely paralysed by the undecided policy of the Government and a state of war is preferred by many to an uncertain state of peace. In "Parliament the Liberals, with the exception of Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Lowe, and a few other prominent individuals, seem to have become completely disheartened by their apparently powerless condition. They are acting without concert and without even the appearance of concord, many of their number having, like Mr. Joseph Cowen, who represents Newcastle-on-Tyne, given their adhesion to a policy of resistance to the pretensions of Russia. The Weakness of the Opposi- tion, so far as the House of Commons was concerned, was strikingly manifested last week, when the rumoured, occupation of Constantinople caused the benches on both sides of the House to become densely crowded. Not only did Mr. Forster hurriedly withdraw- his amendment on the vote of credit, but many' of those who had previously signified their intention of supporting him plainly intimated that if he persevered in his opposition they would walk into the lobby with the Conservatives. A Under such circumstances, it is not strange that the Liberal party should have become completely disorganised and have left the Conservatives in possession of the field. Yet, curiously enough, those papers, such as the Daily News, which persistently oppose the idea of a war with Russia, are enjoying a circulation far in excess of the highest previously known by them. This would seem to indicate that the English people, although terribly indignant and excited, are yet clinging to the possibility of war being avoided. They are perfectly ready to enter the arena of strife should it be necessary, yet they are loth to hastily commence what threatens to become the most bitter and disastrous conflict- that has ravaged the shores of Europe since the fall of Napoleon. Nothing can exceed the almost frantic eagerness with which the special editions of the evening papers are purchased. Every scrap of news relating to the movements of the English fleet, or of the Russians in the vicinity of Constantinople is perused with feverish anxiety, although on more than one occasion the more sensational telegrams have proved to be of a spurious character. The papers containing the premature news of the Russian occupation of Constantinople were sold by thousands and tens of thousands, to the great profit of their respective proprietors. The same thing happened again last night, the intelligence of the passage of the Dardanelles by the English fleet arriving just in time for the evening journals. In the debates arising on the proposed vote of credit not a word was uttered relative to the possible influence of the impending war on the interests of the British colonies. It seemed to be generally agreed on both sides that if hostilities did commence between ourselves and Russia, the colonies would not be in the least endangered thereby. Yet it is positively asserted in Russian circles here, that one of the features of the maritime operations of the Russians, in case of a conflict with this country, would be the dispatch of certain war vessels to the unprotected portions of the British colonies, with the view of compelling us to detach a portion of our fleet for the purpose of protecting the same. There is, however reason to believe that this contingency has been partly anticipated by the English Government, who have under consideration a plan for the transformation of several vessels belonging to the Cunard and other lines into semi-warships intended for the defence of our colonial possessions. It is also asserted that special instructions have been forwarded to the Governors of the various colonies, in which the necessity of the colonists concerting measures of self-defence is strongly insisted upon. . It is possible the subject may be brought under the attention of Parliament, but at present the members of the House of Commons seem hardly to know their own minds on any one point save that of supporting or opposing the policy of the Government. The new. Colonial Secretary is said to have had submitted to him a plan for the protection of the colonies in case of war, but if such has been the case it is very unlikely that the details will be made public. A few days more, however, will decide the question whether we shall unsheath the sword or not. In the meantime it is well to be prepared. No matter whether Russia is right or wrong, matters have arrived at such a pitch that war can be avoided only by an almost impossible amount of forbearance on the part of the two nations which, but a few months ago, appeared destined to become allies in the work of Eastern civilization. No wonder that the more thoughtful amongst us are animated by grave misgivings. That we shall issue triumphant from the conflict nobody doubts for an instant, but the victory will be dearly purchased, at the cost of even the temporary cessation of social and industrial progress. THE AMUSEMENTS. At the Theatre Royal what the bills term " Miss Braddon's masterpiece" is to be withdrawn, and this evening Mr. Wilkie Collins's " Man and Wife " is to be given. Mrs. George Darrell takes her farewell benefit on Friday, when she appears in " Peg Woffington," one of Messrs. Tom Taylor and Charles Reade's celebrated dramas. After a most successful run at the Victoria, "Henry VIII," is to be withdrawn and this evening Shakspeare's delightful comedy " Much Ado About Nothing" ' is to be produced, in which Mr. Creswick of course takes the part of Bene- dick, and, the public will be glad to learn, Miss Ashton as Beatrice. Considering the specialities of the company, this piece should be one of the best of the season. Mrs. Scott Siddons sees no occasion for any immediate change at the Queen's, and " Our Boys" which, by the way, has run for nearly one thousand nights in England, as Ave learned under date of six weeks ago seems to be just as popular in this as in the other hemisphere. The Rev. Charles Clark is going through his curriculum of lectures, and, though they are to a great extent repetitions of those previously delivered in the city, public interest seems as lively" as ever. Mr. D'Arcy Read has less reason to complain of patronage than he had, and the "Ghost" walks still every evening in the Guild Hall. As an optical illusion it is exceedingly cleverly managed A mass meeting of the Wigan cotton weavers was held, when it was. ported that all the employers, with the exception of three had consented to withdraw the notices reducing the wages 6 per cent. A resolution was unanimously passed that these three should be asked to refer the matter to arbitration, and, in the event of their refusing try I consent, that all hands employed by them should go out on strike, 