(BaxnmxtBùlm.'? ? AN AUSTRALIAN FAIBY STORY. BY DONALD CAMERON. Author of " Scripopolis," " Silverwater Send," etc., etc. DEAII CnrxDREN,-I cnn seo you. all ou this pleasant Christmas afternoon. The elders aro playing cricket on the parched open, the younger uro romping under the shade of the gum trees, or slumbering on the grass, fearless of th«' slimy snake thut may be coiled not far off. Anil the gluttons of the flock, who have partaken too much of the tempting tart or the dyspeptio plum-pudding, reclino in idleness, like young tioa-con strictora, who musthybernate a bit before they are able to frisk about. Well, dear, boys and girls, it is too warm to exert oneself on such a day, and, therefore, come and gather around me, your innocent faces all wonderment, and listen to a pleasant fairy tale, all about Australia, and with none of those terrible ghosts and phantoms with which your cousins in .England aro now being rogaled, while seated round the roaring fire listening to Grannie's tales, " Afraid to whisper for the fear Of something terrible and near." It wasn't many years ago when Harry Smith gave up city lifo and took up a «élection in a wild part of the oountry where tho soil , was good, tho water plentiful, and the forest deop. A great brawny man was" Hurry, hugo of limb, kind of heart, strong of musole, just the kind of man we want in this new land. And bo had a loving, hard-working wife, who muda the journey of lifo pleasant to him, and two handsome children, Willio and Bessie, who_ wara ton and eight years of ago. Their parents loved them, und of an evening, when tho work of grubbing and ploughing was over, and tho clearing Ares burned brilliantly, htmbnud and wifo Bat in tlioir hnt and taught thoir children' whatevor thoy knew thomsolvos in tho knowledge of this world, and reverently interpreted to them tho teachings of that sacred book which should bo a guido and a lamp to our feot, And.-a .bright, peaceful lifo these good people led. Willio ana Bessio novor tirod of roam- ing in tho forests, soarchiug for flowers and ferns, soaking in vain to catch a glimpso of tho . melodious boll- bird, whoso glorious song, hoard in tho recesses of tbe wood, of ta-ta-ta-to ye-wattee, was like a siren voîcé to them, now having a vision of the strange lyre- bird, then catching a siirlit of the swift* kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking for the nests of tho roselias and cocka- toos. In their wanderings they had dropped across many windfalls and picked up several pets. There was Mag, the magpie, whose existence was spent in a cycle of curiosity, alternately pluck- ing up young plants by the roots to see how they grew, and hiding every- thing that she thought valuable, from a pin to a big spoon, lt was the children's opinion that no creature in the world could cock an eye and turn a head so shrewdly as Mag. They found her a featherless, disreputable- looking nest- ling, just fallen out of tho nest one rainy day, and brought her llorac, she becoming their first pet. Mag had been taught some nauerlitv words bv the man Harry employed occasionally to help him, but several douses of cold water had cured her of the failing, and she was careful never to indulge in the prohibited lingo except when at a safe distance, and when engaged in encounters with pre- datory crows, whose thefts Mag cordi- ally hated, though herself tho biggest thief that over walked upon two legs. But Mag, no doubt, resembled some servants, who scruple not to rob their master, hut who fly into a terrible r»ge if others poach upon their preserves. Next to Mag was Cocky, tho cockatoo, and between the two no love was lost, thouyh each united in common warfaro against poor Tibby, the tortoiseshell cat. These two would watch puss until they saw her stretch herself on the doorstep, in the sun, to have a nap, and then both would peck at her, and fly off to the palings and shriek with delight. Cocky was the drollest of all birds, and went about imploring everyono to scrutch his poll. Occasionally h,i would wander away, and, after an absence of a day or two, return considerably damaged. Ho would bo very silent and sad for a while, and would mope on his per ch, occasionally ejaculating, with much fervour, " Poor Cocky." In addition to these pets there were fowls, dogs, parrots, from tho plain but intelligent rosella to the gorgeous but dumb king-pnrrot ; a native bear, who slept all duy, and two unique creatures, Joey the kangaroo, and Pipit the kangaroo rat. Joey was a dear, quiet thing, with great, mild eyes, who followed tho children everywhere, I They H!iw a boautiul lizard. and over whom Hover, tho intelligent colley, kept watch, whilo Pipit had to be kept in a box, mid great was tho divorsion he gave. Ho was fed on bread and milk, and it would make tho most surly mortal laugh to see him sit up on his hind paws and wash his fuco with bis paws as daintily as a lady. Woll, I duro say you are asking where is the fairy. Well, childron, learn to be patient. I wanted to show you bow happy Willie and Bossio woro, and how naughty it was of thom to bpcoiuo discontented with their lot. This is how thoy boca in o discontented. They were nevor allowed to on ter a dense wood at the back of the hut. This wood exor- cised quito an infatuation ovprthetn. On dark nights tiley stood at tho buck door and looked out into its gloomy recesses, und wondered what creatures made their abode in it. On moonlit nights they watched the Btrango mingling of light and shadow, the waving of tho branches, and shuddered us they listened to the deep sighs of the breeze ns it passed through, tho " mopoko, mopoke," of the night-owl, the sharp cry of tho dingo, and tho mournful wini of tho curlew. In daytime, especially in summer, how pleasant seemed its cool recesses. And, yot, I warrant muoh of its oharm was owing to its being for- bidden to thom. 'They inhoritod Eve's failing. One day their parents wore burning off rubbish on tho land olenred for tho plough, and tho two wera sitting alono under a tree, with their pots all around theta-Cocky engaged in an encounter with tho cat, and Maggie industriously hiding pebbles, under tho iuiprossion, perhaps, that they wore diamonds. " Couldn't wo just go a 'ittlo bit in ?" queried Bessie, lifting her auu- brownod faco to Willio's ina pleadiug way. Oh ! woman, over sinco Eve, tho teniptor. "No, Bessie," Baid Willie, " wo can't. Eathor says ho'll beat us if wo do, and mother says tho blaolts'll kill us. And you know that Nanny, tho old gin, said that tho Grout Treo Spirit, Ooroomoolia, lived in there." " Oh," said Bossio, with a great show of shrewdness, " I don't beliuvo what tboy said. You know mother told us thoro wits poison in thoso bottles father brought from town, but it WIIB syrup." " And didn't wo got properly licked for trying it ?" united Willie. _" Yes ; but they won't lind us out this timo," urged Bossio. "Thoy won't come home till the sun is going down." Now, if "Willie had been very strong on the point, I daresay he would not have given in to Bessie, but he wasn't ; he was just ns eager as his sister, only he didn't like to show it. Selfish fellow,*iiko Adam, ne thought if anything wrong came of it, and the escapade was discovered, he would be able, as Adam did, to throw the blame on the girl. And so, after a little further argument, ho gave in, and pre- tended to follow ber reluctantly, when in reality he was as eager as herself. lt was a still, hot day ; no wind blew, no cloud dimmed the deep blue sky or its golden horizon ; and yet the warmth was not oppressive, for the heat was dry, and there was no miasma or moisture in the air, which was clear and pleasant to breathe, though attenuated. In tho forest there was a deep shade, a pleasant silence, a great sense of rest. The birds had taken to shelter in the thick foliage of tho cherry and apple trees, and the noisy voices of the magpies, cockatoos, and other loquacious habitants, of the wood were silenced. Tho cicada sang, it is true, but with a subdued chirp that seemed to make a part of the silence. Only now and then the sweet notes of of the bell-bird swelled upon the air, and its aerial melody enchanted the ear. Tho children wandered on through the wood hand in hand, looking out for the I wonders which they expected to find I there. But there came nothing. No ogre peeped out from behind a tree-only a kangaroo-rat, disturbed in its nest, jumped up before them. No old crone, on child's flesh intent, hobbled up-only a great black snake, that lay on the path, uncoiled itself and rippled away through the grass-that, I think, is the best term to uso for tho movement of a snake. It was refreshing For tho children to como to a small watercourse that ran through tho wood, cheerily singing as it passed over tho pebbles and stones. Tho day WHS so warm that Willie at onoe proposed what is known in tho country as a " bogie," that is a bath in the limpid stream, and bo had half undressed, when, on the other side of tho little rill, b« beheld a graceful lizard basking in tho sun. Surely never had gem such colours, for as tho sunbeams danced over it, blue, gold, green, flashed out dazzlingly, bessie peered over Willie's shoulder, and Willie was working up his courage to grasp the pretty thing, when, presto ! it seemed to fade, and in its place arose a bluo-wingcd butterfly. The childron hud no hesitation in running after this airy croature, and, heedless that thoy wore bare-footed and in dishabille, off they started to catch the lovely thing. Tho chase was not long, for the butterfly alighted on,tho grass, and in its place appeared a beautiful parasol flower, richly crimsoned. The children wereabout to seize this when it vanished, and there was only a dry fuzzyhead, os a kind of daisy-like flower is called, the soeds of winch aro contained in a fuzzy kind of head. "I won dor whero tho pretty thing's gone ?" queried Willie. " Whero all Euncy's childron go," said a depp voice; and, turning round in affright, they saw a tall, black man, who was watching them with a venomous look. " I was tho lizard, the butterfly, tho flower. Te aro like older children, ye. fly after what is pretty and bright, and leuVe solidity and Bafoty behind. Under that guise I lured you into my dominions, and yo aro now mine, mine."' " But you must set them the task," said another voice, and, looking round, tho children saw a golden-haired lady, wonderfully resembling a wattle-tree in blossom, if it had features and form. "I claim thom us mine, tho children of tho wattle blossom." The boy and girl now saw that tho black mau vastly resembled an iron burk-troo. "Not till they do the task," retorted tho Spirit of tho Iron Treo. Tho children looked with astonish- ment mound thora. Evory treo, shrub and plant, appeared to have become ani- mated, each a human typo of the species. Tho graceful, myall duneed in tho sun- shine, the sombre she-oak drooped like a mourner, tho gnarled rod-gum soomed an old, toothless, rickety boldamo. Tho larger treos seemed ogres, eager to devour, and tho smaller cowored ut thoir glances, eave the wattlo, who. stood guard over tho childron. "Tho task, thon, tho task!" oriod tho Wattlo Spirit, with a wave of hor hand, which diffused a woudorful,. fra- grance. "It is," oriod tho Spirit of tho Iron Troo, " that thoy will fotoh mo tho choicest thing in thia wood'within two hours. Go !" Tho wattlo soomed to pity tho children, but appeurod poworloss to help thom; and so tho poor littlo things hud to go their way. What could hp tho most precious thing limy know not. Willie thought it was gold, and looked i"or-s<2; grains of the precious metal; Bessie ***** fancied it was the loveliest flower.: Long thejr wandered, until the «un "V sank behind the hills and -Jtbr - - glorious light of the moon fell upon tlio wood, creating lights and ¿hadov - marvellously beautiful. The childrcü were about throwing themselves down in despair, when the trees again changer}, and there were the iron-tree and rVe wattle. ji " Well," cried tlw Spirit of tho Iron Tree, 1 ' have you found the choicest thing in tho forest ?" The wattle seemed in great pain, as she watched the answer. < " "We have not found it," said Willie, , looking up with honest eyes. The Iron-Tree gave a great sigh, as when a storm passes through its branches, and became at once a tree, and nothing more, as did the others, save the wattle. " Yes, you have, children," she said, with a benignant smile. " The choicest thing in this wood is the truth." "They aro hero-tnoy'8ùtfp?7e cried Harry Smith, boundingl^PToi side of the little stream whero^Mkrf was barking joyously at two sleeping forms cuddled up in each other's arms. " I know the dog was right." " Heaven be praised 1" cried his wife, her face illuminated with joy, as tho moonlight streamed upon it. And she kissed them until they awoke. " Oh, father," cried Bessie, "we have seen ogres, and giants, and fairies, and tho treo spirit Ooroomoolia." " And what did they teach you; sweet one ?" he asked, as ho clasped her to his breast and made for home. "That tho choicest thing in the wood was truth, fathor," replied Bessie. " Then, child, they were from Heaven, for the choicest thing-not only in this forest, but in tho world-is Truth !" THE JUST AND TUE tJNrusT.-The good mau slannneth tho gate and bang eth the door, and maketh a noise, for his heart is without guile and he feureth not the griovous words of his wife ; but the naughty man shutoth the gate softly, and stealeth upstairs in his stock- ing feet, and Btuiubletu over the rocking chair, and the last condition of that man is worse than the first. 