) OT TH EATEICALS AT ) BOOLONH. lie jests at scars mho never felt a '/voiind — Romeo. / Onb of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ) of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, J wasiwhen he made his first and only appearance .as an \ actor at a private amateur theatric.al eutertainment .at his \ own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad f conceived that he was horn to be .an actor — to tread the / boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — hut it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head .after his S peculiar debut. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney man.agei's unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ( red hair, arid a turn-up nose, an appear.ance in " Hamlet"- ( at .any of their several tbcatres, he resolved to "take the f bull by the horns" and get up a compa,uy of his own down J at his place at Boolong. . He went to enormous expense \ in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, h.aving L sceneiy painted — for Baiiburj' wa,s determined to do the ( thing well and in tip-top stj'le. He -got together a kind ( »£ 'scratch conipanj'-, many _oE them like himself, raw am,- / bitibus: amateurs, eager "to fret their hour upon the J stage," aud one or two see:ly outcasts of the profession ; and, he looked forward to the production of his . pet pl.ay, \ " Hanilet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, r not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a J month's constant rehe.arsal, were pretty perfect in their \ words before the curtain went up, but .after it did most of f them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was intoxicaLed, and the ATiw-if likewise ; Ojjhelia, an amateur, X burst into a nervous fit of. tears before she said a dozen r lines. B.anbury was ro.arecVat by the local personages who J assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this C w.as not the worst, for Banbury found' that when the bills r came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, ) and he could not meet them.. " The fellows," he used to say, ( " allowed me to have whatever I-\vantcd"pa credit/because r they knew that my rich uncle iri Adelaide, a strict Method- S ist, would pay them, but I knew very/well be. would do no , ( such thing when he found- dhej'. were' .fo.r . theatrical trap- / pings, 'for if there. was one thing he held in, abhorreace . it' )j was the theatre. " "What iwas he to do ?- His uncle would r disinherit him, turir-him put of; the house he had -f ui-iiished f for him, and. send hinl- adrift, on the world, "What was he y to do"? His creditors would-.not wait and .he would be .a . miserable pauper. But; for. -all this he did not lose his - h house, and his poor ruicie's" fortune is in the bank in his name, thanks to the timely aid of . one who 'is- a friend to \- the drania, as "ivgll as tqthcr.est of who advanced ) him the iieeclful. , Need we s.ay his name. No ; /all- know him I But we may-; as well remark it was theJ.cAfl w/'m/t- / of the distressedy a -. .. . , --vr . ; r . ; ' DAVID . HENRY,' :6f' 52 Collins 'stfeet'east,; ,-;' . i ) Who has from £5 to £10,000 tojend onnotesof hand, bills \ of sale, (>y.ith or , without/ security), .salary orders, life ( policies.' certificates, 'cieeds. bill of dadirig, legabLeS, -goods, / merchandise, on -expectedremittauces, or on monej/s per- j sqris may be(entitled tp;firi)ri EnglKnd arid ffisewHere, etc., ! ( rep.ay.able to s.uit the cpnyeriieuce of borroweiri. ' | ) "pills discounted d.aily at the lowest rate pfiriterest, arid | K morigages ffoiri'-O'p'ef 'cent; ' ' - ' | 