THE CONSTITUTIONAL -QUESTION IN VICTORIA. Within the last few days the Audit Com missioners and the Governor of 'Victoria have passed and signed warrants for the expenditure of public moneys not appropri ated by a regular Appropriation Act. The ground on which this has been done is that the 45th. clause of the Constitution Act, which provides that the revenue of the colony shall be chargeable with the costs snd expenses incidental to the collection of the flame, is in the nature of a permanent appropriation of the ' funds required for the support of all the | revenue-producing establishments. Before the Audit Commissioners can certify expenditure and the Governor can issue a warrant, it is necessary to ascertain whether the money is legally available and applicable to the pur pose, or, in other words, that it has been appro priated to that purpose by statute. If any one asked how the sums included in tho 1 at® warrants had been appropriated, the answer, according to the Victorian Government an® Assembly, would be that, as they were required for the service of the revenue-producing de partments, or, in other words, for the collection of revenue, the 45th clause of the Constitution Act had specially appropriated them for a time to come. This intepretation of the which has now, for the first time, been ac upon, is most unnatural. The Constitution c does permanently appropriate certain sums of money ; but in every case it names the specific grposes and the specific sums ; and this fact .alone is sufficient to show that no appropria tion was intended by the general and indefinite language of the 45th clause. To say that the revenue as a whole is ' chargeable ' with .certain unknown and contingent expenses is .one thing; to say that the Legislature in snaking provision appropriated moneys ?which, it had no thought of collecting to pur poses which had not entered its imagination is another. There is a land-tax in Victoria now, col lected by a costly department. Can it be argued seriously that the Legislature which passed the Constitution Act appropriated the money tnow required for the salaries of the land-tax officials? But the clause must have had a .purpose and meaning, and to ascertain what these are, it may be well to see when and -where it had its origin. To do this it is necessary to turn back as far as the year 1842, ?when an Act was passed for the government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land. The Imperial Parliament, in passing that Act, created a local legislature, gave it power to raise revenue, and made that revenue charge able with the costs of its collection. Subse quently, when the territory was divided by the establishment of other colonies, the revenue of each was made chargeable with the cost of its collection, as that of the parent colonv had been in the first instance. And at last, when the Legislatures of New South Wales and Victoria framed new constitutions, and ^jjiese, in an amended form, acquired force as schedules to Imperial statutes, the same pro visions in substance reappeared. It is not difficult to perceive that the object of the Im perial Parliament in the first instance was to protect the Imperial Treasury. The newly ?established colonial Government was to have the power of raising a revenue ; and it was ?simply an economical precaution to provide ufchat the cost of collecting the revenue thus raised should not, by any mistake, misman agement, or mishap, become a charge upon the Imperial Treasury. The colony was just ?emerging from the position of a Crown colony when this precaution was first taken, and the -necessity for it was then, doubtless, .fully recognized. But, although such a neces sity may have been less apparent .at the time when the new constitutions were passed, the case stood then in a different posi ti' n from that in which it would have stood if no such precaution had ever been taken. Had the Imperial Government consented to ihe omission of such provisions from the new constitution there would have been something like a waiver of its previous declaration of non- liability. No great risk, perhaps, would have followed; but it was worth while to retain the old provisions ' for more abundant caution,' if for no other purpose. The Opening of the Railway to Bethungra.— We ( Wagga Wagga Express) are informed, upon good authority, that the railway line -will be opened to Bethungra by the end of the month. The only bad piece of the road is between Bethungra and Coota mundra, the remainder being remarkably level and in capital order. When the line is opened to Bethungra the mails'between Sydney and Melbourne, which are Jiow conveyed via the southern road, will be taken through Wagga, which will make a material differ- . snoe m the time of transmission. The distance from Wagga to Bethungra is thirty- eight miles, and this remaining portion of the line is to be completed by the end of the year. Snake Charming. — A curious story ot snake charming is told by the Ovens Register as having happened on Sunday, the 28th of February, in the Iwuse of Mr. John Carmody, farmer, Whoroulev. His daughter, a girl about 14 years of age, was in tne kitchen with her brother, two years younger than herself, and two other children younger still. The $irl was singing, and the boy accompanied her on a sort of impromptu harmonicon, made of an ordinary hair- comb covered with tissue paper. The girl happened to look down to the floor, when to her horror she saw a black snake 5 feet 4 inches long was ?coiled round her leg, with about 18 inches of the head part resting on the floor between the boy's legs. The % instantly jumped on to the table, and the girl by a spring succeeded in throwing the snake off her leg ; ^nd landing it in the fireplace. Assistance being got from the next house the snake was at once dispatched. It is believed that the singing of the girl and the sounds produced by the boy on his impromptu in strument had charmed the snake from the boards of ?the floor, and he had stealthily wound himself round the leg of the girl, when he could at his ease listen to the music. . A Ghost. — The Goulburn Herald gives the follow ln8 ghost story : — Lately there has been some excite ^ijent amongst the superstitious, numbers of whom go in parties, with guns, &c.;, to the range above Stewart's garden, where there is an unfinished stone house. Here an apparition is said to make its appear ance in the form of a light, and to travel, sometimes slowly, and frequently very quickly, from the jjver bank just below, up to, and' around the house, then varying the performance by a run among the trees. This is said to be kept up from an early hour 111 the evening until about 3 in the morning; all endeavours to get near the light are said to prove tuule. On Monday evening a number of persons ?r^lted ^e vicinity, and a groUp congregated on Uiurch-hill to view the light, which it is said was plainly visible, though the distance is considerable. nc residents of the Old Township and near the -he affa^e sat*lfi^ed that there is no practical joke about Attbmpted Suicide. — The Border Post says: — We regret to state that Mr. R. Lochhead, of . °d°nga, attempted to commit suicide by taking a 1^8e L°f strychnine on Thursday evening. While at e Imperial Hotel, Albury, he called for a glass of and emptying the contents of a small paper of *nto drank it off, and immediately after aid» informed the barmaid what he had done. The arm was at once raised, and Drs. Duncan and Ryan ere speedily in attendance. Fortunately their treat ?fiutu* Was 8uccessful» and Mr. Lochhead, who was ™**queatly removed to the hospital, is now out of No reason is as yet assigned for his act. 