A NEW CO hi 10 OPERA. Lea Cloches do Corneville, a comic opera in three acts, by R. Flanquette, adapted by Messrs. H. B. Farnie and R. Reece, will be performed for the first time in Melbourne at the Academy, of Mueie this evening. The inueio ia sparkling, some of the solos are replete with melody, and several of the concerted numbers are fraught with graceful harmony. The plot, which is laid in Normandy, ia . aa follows : — The Marquis of Corneville, who has been sibce ehildhood, owing to certain political unpleasantness, ah exile, returns to his ruinous ancestral home, on, the occasion of the great annual fair which is being cele brated in tbe village that . receives its name from bis obateau. In the first act, Serpo- , lette, a village Hoyden, is tbe topic of con versation among the thaidens and matrons. She comes just in tirub" to cave her reputation, by turning tbe tables on ber tradncets. GAspatd, ahold miser, proposes to ' give hie niece, Germaine, in marriage to tbe representative offioial dignitary of the village, the Bailie. The niece dooidedly objects to this arrangement, and declares that she is bbtind in ties of gratitude to a certain fisherman named GrSiilcheilX, for savifag her Ufo (as she thinks). Td escape tbe maTriage ao hateful to her and Gremcheux, and to fly from the vengeance of Qaspard and tbe Bailie, both parties take advantage Of the privileges of tbe hiring fair and beofcme servants of the Marquis, in which position they find themselves joined by the scape grace, Rerpolette. In the second not the Marquis, confident that there was nothing supernatural about Certain Strange ap pearances whidiifora longtimebave perplexed thesimple villagers, in troduceshismen into the castle, and finds out, after many persistent attempts, that the entire army of ghosts ia Comprised in the person of GaSpard. The old nlieer is discovered, and be comes crazy on account of the. fear of losing his treasure, which he has Concealed in the old castle. In the third not the chateau is restored to ail its pristine Splendor, and the Marquis has entered it as master. The villagers aro invited to a grand fete, end the miser, Gaspard, i»# still arazv. Owing to certain papers found in the oSStle Scrpolette assumes to be a scion of nobility, a grand lady, andGrenioheiixaotsas her facto tum, After a lovo scene between the Marquis and Germaine, it appears that the latter is tbe rightful heiress and the true claimant of the title of Marchioness, before conceded to Serpolette, and that the Marquis it Was Who saved her life, The opera aloses with the marriage of Germaine and the Marquis, and tbe union of Serpolette and Grenicheux, while GaBpard recovers his reason. 