GENERAL EXTRACTS. Ctprds.—I hoar (snys a writer in :tbe World) that at tho first blush our officers stigmatizo Cyprus as ti bolo. It is as hot as (no matter whero; only much moro dreary. TiiSW is-nofc a troo to bo seen, not a singlo scrap of shade—-not a soul to spook - to^ and nothing whatever to do ; oxcept; for tho Highlanders, who can have their fill of thistles, and Sir, Garnot ánd'bis Btaff as muchas they like of official work. Not a few ardent sol diers, who were delightod at tho prospect of a campaign in Cyprus, would gladly exchange it for tho Strada Reale or tho stops of the Malta Club. The Fränking System.—Mr. Day is about to proposo a rovival of the franking system under a modified form. When tho system provailed in England each member of oitbor Houso was entitled to send 10 lettors a day to any place within the United Kingdom, and to receive 15, froe. But in those days the postage ou a letter was a consider able sum, and when tho penny postage was introduced tho privilege was abolished. Mr. Day's proposal is that, letters written by members on public business daring tho sittings of Pav lisaient shall be franked by the apph 'ontion of a stamp, which is to bo kopt by the clerk of the Assembly. It does übt seem that tho clerk of tho Upper House or tho members of the Council bavé been thought of, for it is hard y to be expected that tho latter would be running to tho officer oí the Assembly, The weak point is tho condition that the lettors are to bo "on public busi ness." Is tbo clork to read thorn before 'stamping, or is each member, as he comes np for his dolo, to make affidavit to the effect that thero is nothing oí private business in the correspondence "he brings ? It would hardly do for members to address their business cir ioulars or advertisements from the Assembly, uuless some such precaution .¿s this wore .taken ; because it might :6e assumed tbat.oll business transacted at the Assembly was public business, and in tho course of time tho lobbies might be converted iato a_ .sort of !'Changed Tho proposal is simply an indirect mode of introducing payment óf iínémbers, for if - members ¡ire to bave their outlay on stamps recouped, they-should have compensation for, loss of 'time. This is uota.question to settled by resolution of the Assembly. If thé' new principle is to be estab lished "at all, it should be established ¡by Act of •Parliament. ,A Black Scamp..— An.- aboriginal known as George Lane or Andy, who "on-several occasions has been .before tbe Yass Police Court, and 'who is very 'fond of spirituous liquors, was admitted 'to the Yass Hospital last week while suffering, it is said, from ' delirium tremens. Why he was placed in the .hospital instead of the lockup we (Yass Courier) havo not heard, but there can be no . doubt that the latter would have been the most suitable placo to have put o person of his known violence of disposition' when' suffering from tbe effects of over-indulgence in drink. He was placed in one. of the upstair wards, and we understand treated by Dr. Perry. On last Thurs day night the matron heard a crash and a fall, and on running to ascertain the pause , nearly fell over : the body of the prostrate "Andy," who had jumped through the window, carrying the sash along with him. He was found to be bleeding from the head, and Dr. Perry whas at once sent for. "Andy" was removed to his bed in the same ward, his wound atteuded- to,., and^ by the doctor's directions he was,_ as, was thougbt; securely; strapped to tbe bed 'stead'.' The matron sat watching the darkie all night, and in the morning left the ward and went to the part of. the "premises in her - own occupation.; '"Andy" "discovered her, absence, got through' one; of the front win dows slid; down: the verandah; roof,, and made off.' He "was seen by one of the other patients, who gave the alarm,; but before tbe matron could fully understand what had occurred, he had disappeared. The blacks say they tracked him up to a waterhole in a paddock on the road to the ceme teries, and there lost the tracks. The police on Sunday forenoon dragged this ' waterhole, but no trace of the missing black-fellow could be found. If he attempted to cross the river, it is not unlikely he hass been drowned, for the river was high and the current swift at the time of his escape from the hospital. ' 'How to Get, Rid ,ok.. Plies.—We believe that the'witty man of the Bar Hngtrin Hnwkeyo was trying to ¿bp serions .when he wrote the following paragraph :—A few years ago a Philadelphia clergyman discovered an antidote for flies, or at least he said ho did'.','..He bad occasion to change his abode. We do not know just what tbo occasion was. Probably he could not pay the rent, or perhaps his rolatives ónt west, who were coming to see the Centennial Exhibition, found out Iiis address, aud wrote to bim that they could not endure life any longer with out seeing, him, aud would visit him all summer—at any rate he moved. He bad in his house an abundanco of house plants, and gent them on to tho new bouse the day before he moved. Im mediately be was beset with swarms of-flies, although he had previously enjoyed perfect immunity from these pests. And when, hp got moved, nod settled down among his window plants again, the flies ceased to trouble him. It is a simple and very pleasant experiment. If it fails to drive away the flies, you will nt least succeed in filling your house with plauts, which is a. pleasant thing to do, as it will keep you employed all tho time in caring for them, and you will have plenty of time- for vain regrotB when the plants all freeze along about Christmas. But there may be something in it. Wo bave the word of a clergyman for it, and we do not see why oven a clergy man should tell á fib about sach a little thing asa fly. ¡Meat Preserving.—A novel method of preserving meat is thus described by the St. Arnaud Mercury:—Mr. Stab!, of tho Pyrites Works, informs ns that on Monday last, wbilo carting away .tailings from tbo Chrysolite mine, be came across a log of mutton embedded in tho sand fully six feet in deptb, and in a spot which ho knows, from personal experience, has not been molosteil for at least four years. A brown coating had accumulated on tho surface of the meat, which wos only skin deep, and when removed the use | of tho knife exposed mutton of a i freshness, sweetness, aud' colour equal 1 tó tííV'Iritéát ' kiíiod in ónr butchers' shops. . What a subject for scientific men. A Bridai. Scene.—A marringo in liaste was celebrated tbo othor day (says tbo Geelong Advertiser) and the "lm-ppy coople did not know each other's naines until they arrivod at the altar. ! It appears that a widowor 'rësiding a short distance from town went to one of tbo registry offices for the purposo of hiring,« housekeeper. He foil in love, at first sight, irith one who promised to attend to his wants, aud the pair marched off to church, wbero the nuptial knot was tied. A Inugbablo scone, howevor followed, when tbo clergymnu gently reminded tho bridegroom that tho fee of £7 had to bo paid. Tbo domand was con sidered oxcessive, tho bridogroom romarking that he had that morning given exactly £7 for a good milch cow, and be wasn't disposed to pay that sara for tho light work of declaring man and woman husband and wife. The bridegroom reminded the rev. gontlo.nan that the ceremony had been performed, so that 'thero was lio necessity for a fee being required afterwards. This was not hold to bo 0 good excuse, and the newly married one promised to pay tbo fee by instal ments. Professor Edison.—Professor Edison, while in Virginia City, Nov., stepped into a telegraph office, nnd a local paper describes him as " the. worst dressed man in tho room by oil odds. Án old black hat, a cheap shirt with the stud- bolosin tbo bosom unoccupied, a two-bit nocktie several months old, coarso pants aud vest, and a mouse coloured linen duster coinplotod his attiro. Ono of tho office-boys asked him to put his namo in an autograph album. Ho wroto a line that looked like print and fixed bis name at tho bottom. Everybody admired the mar vellous penmanship, which was em phatically a new style. The letters wore awkwardly made, taken singly, but when grouped in a lino all looked exactly alike, as if engraved on copper plate. 'You couldn't take 30 words a minute and print like that,' said one. : ' I can take 40,' was the reply. The fastest operator prosent took one end of a wire| and' Edison, sitting at the receiver, picked up a sheet of paper and said, .' Let the message come.' Ho sat there three minutes and took 130 words with apparent ease, doing better than he had promised: The despatch was written iu the faultless band that graced tho autograph album." » ,? ?Hard on-the Socialists.—Our cable ''announced a few day's ago that the German police ' were putting the pro visions of tho new Socialist Bill vigor ously into force. What the polico are actually^- doiug may: be judged from thé following brief outline of the measure. It prohibits associations, .meetings,; and publications in fnrther "ancè'of socialistic or communistic ob-' jects. The central authorities of the Federal States are declared competent to deal; iwith' all offences against this law. Appeal from their decisions will bo to an Imperial Boreau, to bo created ^•.enforcing tho regulations aud con . sideriug questions concerning public meetings and the Press. Penalties range from a fine to a year's imprison ment. Socialistic agents may be expelled from the towns, and forbidden to pursuo their trades as printeis, booksellers, ór innkeepers. The central authorities may, with tbo sanction of the Federal Council, in districts where public safety is endangered, prohibit public meetings for a year, unless tho meetings are sanctioned by tho police authorities ; prohibit the sale of inter dicted printed matter in the streets ; restrict the sale ór possession of arme,1 and expel, unemployed persons. The regulations in other respects. are awfully severe. ' 1 ' A Pious Fiddle.—When Dr. Pond, of Bangor, was a young man, he was "very "fond of music, ¿specially of that of the violin. It was a very unolerical instrument ; bnt be kept quiet abont it, and enjoyed undisturbed .comfort for a long time. At last, however, a grave spinster, who thought that trae religion is always kept in a vinegar oruet, was passing the house and heard the heretical instrument. She raised ber bands in holy horror, and then rushed to the nearest deacon's house to toll tho awful story that tbo minister bad a fiddle. A committeo was appointed to visit the doctor and reprimand him for bis daring sin. He heard them through, and said in bis gruff tones, "A fiddle! Do you think 1 have got so low that I would play upon a fiddle?" Then calling out at the top of his voice said, "Enoch, bring down that new Cremona." Enoch hoard, and soon entered tho awful presence with his treasure. " Now play ' Old Hundred,' and show these people that we don't keep a fiddle in the bouse." Enoch plied the bow and the instrument sqneaked in loDg drawn tones the familiar notes. The committee were perfeotly satisfied and went away with the feeling that while it was heinous sin to own a fiddle that played dance music, it was quite another tbing to bave a Cremona which played "Old Hundred," and so ono church scandal was hushed. A rose by any other name. Bisnor M'Coskry, of Michigan, De posed.—Tho House of Bishops, which has been in session in New York, ad journed sine die on Tuesday at V o'clook. They unanimously resolved to depose Bishop M'Coskry, of Michigan, from the ministry. Tho Venerable Bishop Smith, of Kentucky, presided, and there were thirty-one bishops present. Bishop Smith read a document reciting tho resignation of the Michigan bishop (who is generally believed to be gnilty of adultery), and also read a resolution as follows :—" Resolved that said Samuel Allyn M'Coskry is hereby deposed from the sacred ministry and from all offices thereof, and that the presiding bishop is hereby requested and authorised to pronounce nnd record the sentence of deposition, and to give duo notice thereof. Now. there fore, bo it known, that on this 3rd day of September, in the yocr of our Lord ono thousand eight hundred aud seveuty- eight, I, Benjamin Bosworth Smith, D.D., by Divino permission, bishop of the diocese of Kentucky, and presiding Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Churoh in tho United StateB, do, in conformity with tho terms of tho resolution before recited, declare nnd pronounce said Samuel Allyn M'Coskry deposed from tho holy ministry and from all the offices thereof, in the name 1 of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amou. (Signed) Benjamin Bosvvoimr Smith, Bishop of Kentucky. Presiding Bishop." The reading of the paper was listened to with the deepest atten tion, and oftor tho sentence was pro. iiouncod the Houso of biBbops ad journed sine die. It was ascertained that tho vote on the resolution was unanimous, and that no action was laken towards appointing a successor to tho deposed bishop. Marshal MacMahon. — The Boule vard wits havo found a now naine for Presidonfc MacMahon. It is tho " Pri soner of the Ministry," just as tho Pope is called tho "Prisoner of tho Vatican." This reminds the Paria correspondent of Saunders' Irish News of a little auecdoto. The scene is Monaco. A trnveller to that happy land, it seems, committed a misdeed, for which he had boen condemned to a year's im prisonment. But Monaco had no prison. The Prince was cousulted, and a room of an old convent was granted to servo as prison, but it had to bo repaired and furnished. Tho Prince ordered the prisoner to leave his State. "Not so," said the prisoner. " You have con demned me to be in prison here, and here I remain. For one year you are bound to board and lodge me." And thus it was, only be was allowed greater liberty than before. But he was known everywhere as "tho pri soner." And in somewhat similar way tho Marshal has come to be called prisoner. Against Disestablishmekt. — The Archbishop of Canterbury presided at the opening of the diocesan conference at Canterbury recently, at which there was a large attendance of botb clerical and lay delegates. His Grace referred at some length to the proceedings of the Lambeth Pan-Anglican Synod, and to the unanimity which it displayed in opposing chancres of ritual without the consent of tho biBbops of the Church, and its discouragement of tbe practice of confession. He expressed his opinion that the great body of tbe Church oi I England wore destined to maintain tho Church as it came down to them from the Reformation. The sitting was occupied with discussions connected with the question of temperance. Tho Church of St. Guthlao, Market Deep ing, Peterborough, was opened by the Bishop of Lincoln. His Lordship, at a public luncheon, said he believed a greater calamity could not happen to this country than tho separation of church and State. Among the great questions of the future was that of surrendering tbe churchyards to those who bave no right to them. If those were once surrendered, he should think the church was relinquished by those who ought to be her defenders. Up a Tree.—-A treasure np a tree was seen in the watches of the night by a pedler who was sleeping in a farmhouse in the Shenandoah Valley. The Tribune (N. Y.) says he told bis dream to the farmer next morning, and on three successive nights he bad tbe same vision. Then be prevailed upon the farmer to accompany him to the forest, where he pointed ont a large oak tree as the one he had seen in his dream. It was apparently sound at the butt, but about twenty feet up a limb had been broken off. The farmer did not feel like humour ing what he supposed to be a super stitious wbim, but the old fellow seemed to have confidence in his vision, and offered him one-half of the spoils if he would help cut down the tree. When the tree fell there was a rattle of coin near where tho limb had been broken off, and a small hollow was found there. By a little chopping a larger cavity was found, and within was a mass of silver. Both seemed wild with delight, and on counting up found that the pile amounted to 5000 dollars. The pedler expressed his un willingness to carry around so much 'silver in his pocket, and inquired where he would be likely to get green backs for his Bhare. Tbe farmer, baying considerable money in his house, immmediately transferred to the pedler 2500 dollars in paper money and took charge of the entire bulk of silver. The pedler disappeared, ánd when bis partner attempted to pass some of the silver, lo ! it was counterfeit. He was the victim of a gang of coiners. A Precioos Dock.—Akaroa, New Zealand, is a noted place for curious discoveries, a fact which some colonists attribute to climatic influences on tbe inventive faculties of the residents. Tho Mail saya :—An extraordinary find of gold was made on Sunday morning in the stomach of a duck that was being prepared for a gentleman's dinner in Akaroa. On the stomach of the bird being cleaned out, indications of tho precious metal were plainly visible, wbicb led tbe cook to pan off tho contents, and amongst a quantity of pebbles, sand, and shells, a prospect of 5 dwts. was discovered. Where tbe defunct animal had been feeding is kept a strict secret by the fortunate gourmand. Tbe price of these ducks in tbo market will no donbt rise, and load to a crusade against them if they do not lay golden eggs. Mount Vesuvius.—Rome, September 25.—A portion of the edge of the cone of Mount Vesuvius has given way. After a short iuterval tbe eruption bas recommenced with increased activity, and a new cone is forming. Professor Palmieri is having a kind of bulwark of scoria constructed around tbe Observatory of sufficient solidity to offer considerable resistance in case of any emergency. From that point the spectacle is magnificent. At Monte Falco, in Umbria, four shocks of earthquake have thrown down 1G houses and rendered 132 uninhabitable. Statistical.—This young man was a statistician, and, and, of course, a bore. He ran mad on the subject, and went into all sorts of abstruse calculations. He was sitting on tbe front porch with his sweetness (he had fonnd time to fall in love), when he suddenly pro duced bis note-book and began to write in it rapidly, with ardour. "He is writing a sonnet to me, the darling," thought tbe maiden, although her ideas wore somewhat disarranged by tho following strange question, while his pencil placidly caresBod tbe tip of his nose :—" How many meals do you eat every day ?" " Why, three, of course ; but of all the oddest questions —" "Never mind, dear; I'll tell yon all about it in a moment aud still his pencil was rapidly at work. At last, fondly clasping her slender waist, " Now, my darling, I've got it, and if you wish to know how much has passed through that adorable little month in the last seventeen yearB I can give you tbo exact figures." "Good graoious ! What can you mean?" "Now, juBt listen," says-ho, "and you will bear exactly what you bave been obliged to absorb to maintain thoso charms which aro to make tbo happiness of ray life." "Bat I don't want to hoar." "Ah, yon ore surprised, do doubt ; but statistics are wonderful things; just listen. You aro now 1? yoars old, so that in 15 I years you have absorbed—oxon or caivos, 5 ; aheep and Iambs, 14 ; chickous, 327; ducks, 201 ; goeso, 12 ; turkeys, 100 ; gnine of various kinds, 824 ; Gshes, 100 ; eggs, 3120 ; vego tablos (bunches) 700; fruit (baskets) 003; oboose, 173; brond, cake, ifco. (in sacks of flour) 40; wino (barrels) 11 ; wator (gallons) 3000." At this the maiden revolted, and jumping up, ex claimed, "I think you aro very impertinent, and disgusting beside, and I will not stay to listen to yon," upon which she flow into the house. Ho gazed after hor with surprise, and wont off, saying to himself, '"If she kept talking at that rate 12 hours out of 24, her jaws would, in 20 years, travel a distanca of 1,332,124 railes." He was an incorrigiblo. 