' THE CONFESSIONAL. The Divine Institittiox of tjir Sacrament oe Penakce — TiikPowkb of Forgiving Sins IiFet -by- 'Christ 'to. His Cmritcn — The Ne cessity 'and Advantages of Confession. -.The1' whole'- history -of Jesus Christ is marked by' mercy and compassion for suffering humanity. From, the moment of His Incarnation till the hour of -His death, every thought and word and act of His divine life was directed toward the alleviation of tho ills and miseries of fallen man. As'soon as Ho enters on His public career, Ho goes about doing good to all men. Ho gives sight to the blind, and hearing to tho deaf, and vigour to tho paralyzed limbs; He applies the salve of comfort to the bleeding heart and raises the dead to life:/ V] ;7V-' '7-n ?;;?:; ??'''.???- ??-..? . But while Jesus occupies Himself infringing relief to 'corporal infirmities, the principal object of J£l-i minion was to release the soul from tho bonds of sin. The very name of Jesus indicates this important truth : 'Thou shalt call his name Jesus,' says the angel, ' ifor He shall save His people from tli eireins.' For, if Jesus had contonted Him self with heal ing the maladios of our body, without attending to those of i our soul, He would, clef jvvc indeed to be called bur physician, but would not merit the more endearing titles of Saviour and Redeemer. Butas sin was the greatest evilof man, and as Jesus came to remove from us our greatest evils, Ho came into tlio world chiefly as the great Absolver from sin. Magdalen seems to have a consciousness of this; she casts herself at His feet, which she washes with her tears and '. wipes with her hair, while Jesus pronounces (over her the saving words of absolution. The very demons recognized Jesus hs the enemy :,,b£. siu, .for. they dreaded His ap proach, knowing,' OB they did, thai He would drive theni out of tho bodies of men. Arid indeed our Lord makes the healing of the body secondary to the healing of the soul. And when He' delivers 'tho body from its distempers, His object is to win the confidence of the specta tors by compelling them to recognize Him as the soul's physician.' For instance: He says to the palsied man, 'Thy sins are forgiven.' The 3cribes are at once offended at our Saviour for 'presuming 'to -'forgive sins. He replies, in sub stance : If you do not believe My words, believe My acts ; and He at once heals the man of his disease. And after ho had cured the man that had been languishing for thirty-eight years, He whispered to liini this gentle admonition, ' Sin no more lest some worse thing may happen to thee.' : As much as our spiritual substance excels this flesh which surrounds it, so much more did our Saviour value the resurrection of a soul from thb; grave of sin than the - resurrection of the body from the grave of death. Hence St. Agustine pointedly remarks' tliat, while the Gospel relates only three resurrections of the body, our Lord, during His mortal life, raised .thousands of souls to the life of grace. As the Church was established by Jesus Christ to perpetuate the work Avhich He had begun, it follows that the reconciliation of sinner? to God was to bo the principal office of the Church. But the important question here presents itself: How was man to obtain forgiveness in the Church after our Lord's ascension ? Was Je3us Christ to appear in person to every sinful soul, and say to raeh penitont, as He said to Magdalen, 'Thy sins are- forgiven thee ?' or did He intend to delegate this power of forgiv ing sins to ministers appointed for that purpose ? We know well that our Saviour never promised to present HimRclf visibly to each sinner, nor has Ho done so. His plan, therefore, must havo been to appoint ministers of reconciliation lo act in His name. It has always indeed been the practice of Almighty God, both in the Old and New Law, to em power human agents to execute His merciful designs. When Jehovah resolved io deliver the children of Israel from the captivity of Egypt, He ap pointed Moses as their deliverer. When Gtod wished them to oseapo from the pursuit of Pharoah, across the Red Sea., did Ho intervene directly ? No, but, by Ills instructions, Moses raised hia hand over the watoi's, and they wero instantly divided. When the people were dying from thirst in the desert, did God come visibly to their rescue ? No; but Moses struck tho rock, from which the water istunlly issued. When Paul was going to Damascus, breathing vengeance against the Chris tians, did our Saviour personally restore his sight, ar,d convort and baptize him ? No ; lie sent Paul to His servant Ananias, who restored his sight and baptized him. The samo Apostle, in one sentence, beautifully describes to us, in his Epistle to the Corinthians, the arrangement of divine Providence in the re conciliation of sinners: ' Gruel,' he says, 'hath re conciled us to Himself through Christ, and hath, (/hen to us the ministry of reconciliation. For Christ, therefore, we arc ambassadors ; God, as it were, exhorting through us.' That is to say, God sends Christ to reconcile sinners. Christ Bonds us. We are His ambassadors, reconciling sinnors in His name. When I think of this tremendous power which we possess, I congratulate the members of the Church, for whose benefit it is conferred ; I f tremble for myself and my fellow- ministers, for terrible is our responsibility, while we have nothing to glory in. Christ is the treasure ; avo are but the pack-horses that carry it. ' We bear this treasure in earthen vessels.' Christ is the shepherd ; we are the pipe lie uses to call His sheep. Our Avords sounding in the confessional are but the feeble echo of the voice of the Spirit of God that purilicd the Apostles in the Council 0* Jerusalem. Bat have we any Gospel authority to sIioav that our Saviour did rnni'cr r-n ihn Annst.l/vs nn/I f.Tifir successors t-lio power to forgive sins ? We have the most positive testimony, and our Saviour's words conferring this power are ex pressed in the plainest language, which admits of no misconception. In the Gospel of St. MatthcAv, our Saviour thus addresses Peter : ' Thou art Peter, and on this rock I will build My Church. . . . And I Avill give to thee the keys of the kingom of heaven, and \vhatsoevcr thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound also in heaven, and what soever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed also in heaven.' And to all the Apostles assembled together on another occasion, He uses the same forcible lan guage : ' Whatsoever you shall bind on earth shall bo bound also in heaven, and whatsoever you shall Idoso on earth shall bo loosed also in heaven.' The soul is enchained by sin. I give you power, says our Lord, to release the ponitent soul from its galling fetters, and to restore it to the liberty of a child of God. And in the Gospel of St. John Ave have a still more striking declaration of the absolving power given by our Saviour to His Apostles. Jesus, after His resurrection, thus addresses His disciples : ' Peace be to you. As the Father hath sent Me, I also send you. . . Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; avIioso sins ye shall forgive, they are forgiven t hem, and Avhose sins ye shall retain, they are retained.' That peace which I give to you, you Avill impart to repentant souls, as a pledge of their reconcilia tion Avith God. The absolving power I have from My Father, the same I communicate to you. Beceive the Holy Ghost, that you may impart this Holy Spirit to souls possessed by the spirit of evil. ' If their sins are as ml as scarlet, they shall he made as while as avooI.' If they are as numerous as tho sands on the sea-shore, they shall be blotted out, provided they come to you Avith contrite hearts. The sentence of merey Avhich you shall pronounce on earth, I will ratify in heaven. From these words of St. John I draw three important conclusions : It folloAA'8, first, that the forgiving power was not restricted to the Apostles, but extended to their successors in the ministry, unto all times tinuc while sin lasted in the Avorld ; and as sin, alaa! Avill always be in tho Avorld, so Avill the remedy for sin bo always in the Church. The medicine will co-exist with the disease. The power Avhich our Lord gave the Apostles to preach, to baptize, to confirm, to ordain, etc., Avas transmitted by them to their successors. Why not also the power 'which they had reeeiA'ed to forgive sins, since man's greatest need is his reconciliation with God hy the forgiveness of his offences ? It follows, secondly, that forgiveness of sin Avas ordinarily to be obtained only through the minis try of the Apostles and their successors, just as it was from them that the people were to receive the word of God and tho grace of Baptism. The pardoning power Avas a great prerogative con ferred on the Apostles. But what kind of a prerogative would it be if people could ahvays obtain forgiveness by confessing to God secretly in their rooms ? Hoav few Avould have recourse to tho Apostles if they could obtain forgiveness on easier terms ? God says to His chosen ministers : I give, you the keys of My kingdom, that you may dispense the treasures of mercy to repenting sinners. But of Avhat use Avould it be to give the A2)ostles the keys of God's treasures for the ransom of sinners, if every sinner could obtain his ransom Avithout applying to the Apostles ? If I gave you, dear reader, the keys of my housn, authorizing you to admit Avliom you please, that they might partake of tho good things contained in it, you would conclude that I had done you a Email favour, if you discovered that every one Avas possessed of a private key, and could enter Avhen he pleased, Avithout con sulting you. I havo said that forgivone&s; of sins is ordinarily to bo obtained through the ministry of the Apostles and of their successors, because it may often happen that the services of God's minister cannot be obtained. A merciful Lord Avill not requiro in this conjuncture more than a hearty sorrow for sin joined Avith a desire of having recourse, as soon as practicable, to the tribunal of Ponanco ; for God's ordinances bind only such as are able to fulfill them. It follows, in the third place, that the power of forgiving sins on the part of God's minister, involves the obligation of confessing them on the part of the sinner. The priest is not empowered to give absolution to every one indiscriminately. He must exercise the power with judgment and discretion. He must reject the impenitent, and absolve the penitent. But how will he judge of tho disposition of the sinner, unless he knows his sins ? and how will the priest know his sins unless they are confessed ? Hence, we are not surprised when avo read in the Acts that ' Many of them who believed, came confessing and declaring their deeds ' to the Apostles. Why did they confess their sins unless they were bound to do so? Hence, also, avo Understand why St. John says, ' If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all iniquity.' The strength of these 'texts of Scripture will appear to you much more forcible when you are told that all the Fathers of the Church, from the first to the last, insist upon tho necessity of Sacramental Confession as a divine insti tution. We are not unfrequently told by those who are little acquainted with the doctrine and history of the Church, that Sacramental Confession was not introduced into the Church until 1200 years after the time of our Saviour. In vindication of their bold asser tion, they even introduce quotations from SS. Basil, Ambrose, Augustine, Jerome, and Chry sostom. These quotations are -utterly irrelevant ; but if seen in the context, they will tend to prove, instead of disproving the Catholic doctrine of Confession. For the sake of brevity, I shall cite a few passages only from the Fathers referred to. These citations I take, almost at random, from the copious writings of these Fathers on Confession. From these extracts you can judge of the sentiments of all the Fathers on tho sub ject of Confession. ' Ab uno disce omnes' St. Basil writes : 'In the confession of sins, the same method must be observed as in laying open the infirmities of the body ; for, as these are not rashly communicated to every one, but to those only who understand by what method they may be cured, so the confession of sins must be made to such persons as have the poAver to apply a remedy. Necessarily, our sins must be confessed to those: to whom, has been com mitted the dispensation of the mysteries of God. For thus also are they found to have acted who did penance of old, in regard of the saints. For it is written in the Acts, they confessed to the Apostles, by whom also they were baptized.' St. Ambrose, of Milan, writes : ' Tho poison is sin ; the remedy, the accusation of one's crime : the .poison is iniquity ; confession is the remedy of relapse. And, therefore, it is truly a remedy against poison, if thou declare thine iniquities, that thou mayest be justified. Art thou ashamed ? This shame Avill avail thee little at the judgment seat of God.' The folloAving passage clearly shows that the great Light of the Church of Milan is speaking of confession to priests: 'There are some,' continues St. Ambrose, ' avIio ask for penance, that they may at once be restored to communion. These do not so much desire to be loosed as to bind the priest : for they do not unburden their conscience, but they burden his, Avho is com manded not to giA'C holy things unto dogs, that is, not easily to admit impure souls to tho holy communion.' Paulinus, the secretary of St. Ambrose, in his life of that great Bishop, relates that he used to Aveep over the penitents whose confessions he heard. St. Augustine writes : ' Our merciful God wills us to confess in this Avorld that avo may not be confounded in the other.' And again : ' Let no one say to himself, I do penance to God in private, I do it before God. Is it then in vain that Christ hath said, ' Whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven?' Is it in A'ain that the keys have been given to the Church? Do av'c make void the Gospel? void the Avords of Christ?' In this extract how Avell doth the great Doctor meet the sophistry of those avIio, in our times, say that it is sufficient to confess to God ! St. Chrysostom, in his thirtieth Homily, says : ' Lo ! Ave have uoav at length reached tho close of Holy Lent ; iioav especially avo must press for exhibit a fall and accurate confession of our sins, . . . . that Avith these good Avor'ks, having come to the day of Easter, we may enjoy the bounty of the Lord ? For, as the enemy knows that having confessed our sins, and shown our Avounds to the physician, avo attain to an abundant cure, lie in an especial manner op poses us.11 And again he says : ' Do not confess to me only of fornication, nor of those things that are manifest among all men, but bring together also thy secret calumnies, and evil speakings, . . . and all such things.' Tho great Dootorlplainly enjoins here a detailed and specific confession of our sins, not to God, but to His minister, as the whole context evi dently sIioavs. The same Father, in an eloquent treatise on the power of the sacred ministry, uses the folio av ing words : ' To the priests is given a poAver which God would not grant either to angels or archangels ; insomuch that Avliat tho priests do below, G-od ratifies above, and the Master confirms the sentence of His servants. For, lie says, ' Whose sins you shall retain, they are retained.' ' VVhat power, I ask, can be greater than this ? The Father hath given all power to the Son ; and I see all this same power delivered to them by God the Son. ' To cleanse the leprosy of the body, or rather to pronounce it cleansed, was given to the Jewish priests alone. But to our priests is granted the poAver, not of declaring healed the leprosy of the body, but of absolutely cleansing- tho defilements of the soul.' And again : ' If a sinner, as becomes him, Avould use the aid of his conscience, and hasten to confess his crimes, and disclose his ulcer to his physician, who may heal and not reproach, and receiA'e remedies from him ; if he Avould speak to him alone, Avithout tho knowledge of any one, and Avith care lay all before him, easily Avould he amend his failings ; for the concession of sins is the absolution of crimes.' St Jerome Avrites : ''.If the serpent, the devil, secretly bite a man, and thus infect him Avith the poison of sin, and this man shall remain silent, and do not penance, nor be willing to make knoAvn his wound to his brother and master; the master who has a tongue that can heal, cannot oa&ily; serve him. For, if the ? ?'.??' ; ?? ' ? ? ? ? ? ? / ailing man be ashamed to open his .case to the physician, no cure can be expected ; for medi cine does not euro that of which it knoAvs nothing.' Else ho says : ' With u.s, the Bishop or priest binds or looses ; not them avIio are merely innocent or guilty, but having heard, as Jiis duty requires, the various qualities of' sin, he ?understands avIio should be bound and Avho loosed.' Could tho Catholic doctrine regarding the power of the priests and (lie obligation of con fession be expressed in stronger language than this ? And yet these are the very Fathers avIio are represented to be opposed to Sacramental Con fession i Witli a reckless disregard of the unani mous A:oice of antiquity, our adversaries have the hardihood to assert that private or Sacramental Confession was intrduccd at a period subsequent to the twelfth century. They do not, however, vouchsafe to inform iis by Avhut Pope or Bishop or Father of the Church, or by what Council, or in Avhat country, this monstrous innovation was foisted on the Christian Republic. Surely, an institution which, in their estimation, has been fraught Avith such dire calamity to Christendom, ought to have its origin marked Avith more pre cision. It is sometimes prudent, liOAvever, not to be too particular in fixing dates. I shall uoav, I trust, sIioav to the satisfaction of the reader: 1. That Sacramental Confession Avas not introduced ; 2. That it could not haA'e been introduced into the Church since the days of tho Apostles, and consequently that, it is Apostolic in its origin. That Confession Avas not invented since the days of the Apostles is manifest as soon as Ave attempt to fix the period of its first establish ment. Let us go back, step by step, from the nineteenth to the first century. It had not its origin in the present century, as everybody Avill admit. Nor did it arise in the sixteenth century, since tho General Council of Trent, held in that age, speaks of it as an established and venerable institution ; and Luther says that ' auricular Confession, as now in A'Ogue, is useful, nay necessary ; nor Avould I,' he adds, ' liave it abolished, since it is the remedy of afflicted con sciences ;' and eAren Henry YIIL, before he founded a ucav sect, wrote a treatise in defence of the Sacraments, including Penance and Con fession. It Avas not introduced in the thirteenth cen tury, for the Fourth Council of Lateran passed a decree in 1215, obliging the faithful to confess their sins at least once a year. This decree, of course, supposes Confession to be already an established fact. Some Protestant writers fall into a common error, in interpreting the decree of the Lateran Council, by saying ' That Sacramental Confes sion was never required in the Church of Rome until the thirteenth century.' The Council simply prescribed ;- Jmit beyond which the faithful should not defer their Confession. These Avriters seem incapable of distinguishing between a law obligtrg us to a certain duty and a statute fixing the ti,ne for fulfilling it. They might as Avell suppose that the revenue officer creates the law regarding the payment of taxes, Avhcn he issues a notice requiring the revenue to be paid Avithin a given time. Going back to the ninth century, Ave find that Confession could not have had its rise then. It Avas at that period that the Greek schism took its rise, under the leadership of Pholius. The Greek schismatic church has remained since then a communion separate from the Catholic Church, having no spiritual relations with us. Noav, the Greek church is as tenaciously attached as we are to private contession. For the same reasons, Confession could not date its origin from the fifth or fourth century. The Arians revolted from the Church' in the fourth century, and the Nestorians and Eutychians in the fifth. These sectarians 'still exist in large numbers in Persia, Abyssinia, and along the coast of Malabar, and retain Confession as one of their most sacred and cherished practices. In fine, no human agency could succeed in instituting Confession between the first and fourth century ; for the teachings of our divine Redeemer and of His disciples had made too vivid an impression on the Christian community to be easily effaced ; and the Avorst enemies of the Church admit that no spot or wrinkle had yet deformed her fair visage in this, the golclon age of her existence. Theso remai-ks suffice to convince xis that Sacramental Confession was not; instituted since the time of the Apostles. I shall now endeavour to prove to your satisfaction that its introduction ?into the Church, since, the Apostolic aye, was absolutely impossible. There are two Avays in AA'liich avo may supposo error might insinuate itself into the Church, viz. : suddenly, or by sIoav process. Now tho introduc tion of Confession in cither of those Avays was simply impossible. First, nothing can be more absurd than to sup poso that Confession Avas immediately forced upon the Christian word. For experience demonstrates Avith Avhat slowness and difficulty men arc divested of their religious impressions, Avhcther true or false. Noav, if such is the case with individuals, how ridiculous avouIcI it seem for wholo nations to adopt in a single day some article of belief which they had never admitted before. Hence, avc cannot, imagine, Avithout doing A'iolence to our good sense, that all the good people of Christen dom Avent to rest, one night, ignoiant of tho sacrament of Penance, and rose tho next morning firm believers in tho Catholic doctrine of auricu lar Confession. As Avell might we suppose that the citizens of tho United States Avould retire to rat at night believing they were living under a republic, and Avakc up impressed with the con viction that they Avere under tho rule of Q.ueon Victoria. Nor is it less absurd to suppose that tho practice of Confession Avas introduced by degrees. Hoav can Ave imagine that tho {Fathers of tho Church — the Clements, tho Lsos, tho Gregories, the Chrysostoms, the Jeromes, the Basils, and Augustines, those intrepid High Pricsta of the Lord, Avho, in every age, at the risk of suffering persecution, and exile and death, have stood like faithful sentinels on the walohtowers of Israel, defending, with sleepless eyes, the outskirts of the city of God from the. smallest attack — Iioav can avo imagine, 1 say, that they would suffer the enemy of truth to invade tho very sanctuary of God's temple? If they were so' vigilant in cutting off the least error, how Avould they tamely submit to see such a monstrous exotic engrafted on the fruitful tree of tho Church. What gives additional Aveight to these re marks, is the reflection that. Confession is not a speculative doctrine, but a doctrine of tho most, practical kind, influencing our daily actions, Avords. and thoughts, and a sacrament to Avhicli thousands of Christians have constant recourse in every part of the world. It is a doctrine, moreover, hard to flesh and blood and Avhich no human power, even if it had the aa'UI, could be able to impose on the human race. It is only a God that, in snob a case, could exact the homage of our assent. In Avhatover light, therefore, we view tho present question — Avhether we consider the circumstances of time, or place, or manner of its introduction — the same inevitable conclusion stares iis in the face : that Sacramental Confession is not the invention of man, but the institution of Jesus Christ. But the doctrine of priestly absolution, and the private Confession of sins, is not confined to the Roman Catholic and Oriental schismatic churches. The same doctrine is also taught by a large and influential portion of the Protestant Episcopal Church of England. The Rev. C. S. Greuber, a clergyman of the Church of England, has recently published a cateeliism, in which the absolving power of the minister of God, and the necessity and advantage of Confession, are plainly set forth. I Avill quote from the rev. gentleman's book his identical words : Question. What do you mean by absolution ? Answer. The pardon of forgiveness of sin. Q,. By what special ordinance of Christ are sins committed after Baptism to be pardoned ? ? ' A. By the sacrament of absolution. Q,. Who is the minister of absolution. A. A Priest. Q,. Do you mean that a Priest can really ab solve ? A. Yes. Q,. In Avhat place of the Holy Scripture is it recorded that Christ gave his poAver to the priest hood ? A. In John xx. 23 ; see also Matt, xviii. 18. Q. What does the Prayer-Book (or Book, of Common Prayer) say ? A. In the office for the ordaining of priests, the bishop is directed to say, ' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Priest in the Church of God. Whose sins thou dost, forgive, they are forgiven.' In the office for tho visitation of the sick it is said, ' Our Lord Jesus Christ hath left in His Church power to absolve all sinnors that truly repent and believe in Him.' In the order for morning and evening prayer Ave say again, ' Almighty God hath given power and commandment to His ministers to declare and pronounce to His people, being penitent, tho absolution and remission of thoir sins.' Q. For what purpose hath Christ given tliia power to priests to pronounce absolution in His name ? A. For the consolation of the penitent : the quieiiny of his conscience. ?Q,. What must precede the absolution of the penitent ? A. Confession ? Before absolution privately given. Confession must bo made to a priest privately. Q. In what case does the Church of England order her ministers to move people to private, or, as it is called, to auricular Confession ? A. When they feel their conscience ti'oublod with any Aveighty matter. Q. AVhat is weighty matter ? A. Mortal sin certainly is weighty ; sins of omission or commission of any kind, that press upon the mind, are so too. Anything may be weighty that causes scruple or doubtfulness. Q,. At what times in particular does tho Church so order ? A. In tho time of sickness, and before coming to the Holy Communion. Q,. Is there any other class of persons to aa4ioui Confession is profitable ? A. Yes ; to those who desire to Lead a saintly life. These, indeed, are the persons who most frequently resort to it. CJ. Is there any other object; in Confession besides the seeking absolution for past sin, and tho quieting of the penitent's conscience ? A. Yes ; the practice of confessing each single sin is a, great check upon tho commission of sin, and a preservative of purity of life. Here avo have tho divine institution of priestly absolution and the necessity and advantages of Sacramental Confession plainly taught, not in a speculative treatise, but in a practical catechism, by a distinguished minister of the Church of England ; taught by a minister avIio draAvs his salary from tho funds of the Protestant Episcopal Church ; Avho preaches and administers in a church edifice recognized as a. Protestant Epis copal Church, and who is in strict communion with a bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church of England. And these doctrines are upheld, not by one eminent divine only, but by hundreds of clergy men, as Avell as by thousands of the Protestant Episcopalians of England. What a strango opectaclo to behold the same church teaching diametrically opposite doctrines ! Wlmt is orthodox in the diocese of Bath and Wells is decidely heterodox in the diocoso of North Carolina. An ordinance Avhich Kov. Mr. Gru.jbor proclaims to bo of divine faith, ia characterized by Rt. Rov. Bishop Atkinson as tho invontiou of men. What Dr. Gruober in culcateo as a most salufciiry practice, Dr. Atkinson . ' ? ? ' ? .. f :-i anathematizes as pernicious to religion. Con foesion, which, in the judgment of the former, is a great ' cheek upon' the ' commission of sin, is stigmatized by the latter^ as an incentive to sin. ' Behold how good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.' .' Suppose that the venerable .Protestant Epis copal Bishop of North Carolina, in passing through England, were invited;by,' the Eev. Mr. Grueber to preach in his church in the morning, and that the Rt. Eev. Prelate chose for his sub ject a sermon on Confession ; and ' suppose that the Eov. Mr. G-rueber selected in the evening, as the subject of .his discourse/ the doctrine ad vanced by him in his catechism. Let us imagine some 'benighted dissenter attending Mr. Grueber's ohureh at the morning and evening service, with the view, of being ? enlightened in the teachings of the Protestant church, would not our dissenter be sorely per plexed, on returning home. at night,-. as to what the Protestant Episcopal church really did teach ? ? ' . ' ? Some Episcopalians are pleased to admit that Confession may be resorted to with spiritual profit in certain abnormal cases— for instance, in time of sickness. So tlidt in ??their judgment, a religious observance which is salutary to a sick man, is pernicious. to him. in good health. For the life of me, I cannot: see liow the' circumstance of bodily liealth can effect the moral ??character of a religious act. ': . ?-'' '??' ??'''' ?' ./:- '' ':;-:Y That a minister of the Baptist or .of- the Methodist church should deny -the- power of priestly absolution, I readily understand^ since faith, any such prerogative for their clergy. But I cannot well conceive why a Protestant Episcopalian should repudiate the .pardoning power, which is plainly asserted in his Standard Prayer-Book. Whenever an Episcopalian Bishop imposes hands on candidates for the ministry he employs the following words, which are found in the Book of Common Prayer : Eeceive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Chure.h of G-od, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands; ; Whose sins thou dost forgive they . are, forgiven ; and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained.' If these words do not mean that the minister receives,, by the imposing of the Bishop's hands, the power of forgiving sin, they mean nothing at all. And when this Bishop -pronounces this sentence, either he intends to convey this power of absolution, or he does riot. If 'he intended to confer this power, he could-' not/' employ more clear and precise language to express his idea ; if he did not intend to confer this power, then his language is calculated to mislead. ';? Just imagine that prelate.' addressing a candi date for Holy Orders, in the morning- with the words : ' Whose sins thou /dost' forgive they are forgiven ;' and after divine service, saying to the young minister: Remember; 'sir; 'you' have no power to forgive sins. The words1 of ordination are a mere figure of speech. '?n/'! ':? '??? ?/ _'-': . When a Catholic Bishop ' ordains priests, he uses the precise words :r which* 'I 'have quoted, because the book of common ?':' prayer borrows them from our Pontifical. ''But he means exactly what he says, viz. : That 'the pi'iest receives through the administration of the Bishop the power of forgiving sins. To sum up : We have. seen that the Sacrament of Penance and absolution by the priest is taught in Scripture ; proclaimed 'by the Fathers ; upheld not only by Roman Catholics throughout the world, but also by alt the schismatic Christians of the East ; inculcated in those old and genuine editions of the Book of Common Prayer, which have not been enervated- by being subjected to the pruning-knife.iri ,this country ; and that the same practice .is encouraged by an influential portion of the Protestant Episcopal church in England, and I will add,, also, in the United States. ? ???'? ??; ?????? Some, again, object to priestly absolution on the assumption that the exercise of such a func tion would bo a usurpation of an incommunicable prerogative of G-od, who alone can forgive sins. I This was precisely the language addressed by the '?; Scribes to our Saviour. They exclaimed : 'He blasphemeth ! who can forgive sins but God only?' My answer, therefore, will be equally applicable to old and modern objectors. It is ' not blasphemy for a priest to claim the power of forgiving sins, since he acts as tho delegate of the Most High. It would, indeed, be blasphemous, if a priest pretended to absolve in his own name and by virtue of his own authority. But when the priest absolves the penitent sinner, lie acts in the name, and by the express authority, of Jesus Clirist ; for ho says : ' I absolve fchce in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost.' Let it bo understood, once for all, i;li nt tho pi'iest. arrogates to himself no . divine powers. He is but a feeble voice. It is the Holy Spirit that operates sanclity in the soul of the penitent. Protestant Episcopalians, I believe, still gene ] rally admit, that original sin is washed away j in the Sacrament of Baptism. If the minister is not guilty of blasphemy, in being the instrument of God's mercy in forgiving- sins by Baptism, how can a priest blasphemy in being the instru ment of divine mercy, in absolving sinners in the Sacrament, of Penance ? for the same Lord who j instituted Baptism for the remission of original sin, established Penance i'or the forgiveness of sins committed after Baptism. Did not the Apostles exercise divine power in raising dead I bodies to life again, and in raising souls that j wore dead to the life of grace ? And yet no one | but Scribes and Pharisees accused ihem oTusurp- I ing God's powers. And cannot the Almighty, i without derogating from His own glory, give { to men in the nineteenth century privileges I which He accorded to them in the first age of the ! Church ? Far, then, from dishonouring, we honour God by having recourse to the earthly physician whom lie has appointed for us, and, like the multitude | in the Gospel, we ' glorify God, who hath given ! ouch power to men.1' i Others also object to Confession on the alleged ground that there is no necessity for having recourse to the ministrations of a priest, since God can forgive us in secret. If God is able to save us without any priestly ministrations, why, then are not the people informed that they can, in future, dispen.se altogether with the services of the clergy, without any detriment to their own salvation ? St. Augustine, who lived 1400 year? ago, will answer tho objection for me : ' Let no one,' remarks this illustrious Doctor, 'say to himself, I do Penance to God in private ; I do it before God. 1-3 it then in vain that Christ has said, ' Whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven ?' Is it in vain (.hat the keys have been given to the Church ?' The question for us is not what God is able to do, but what He has willed io do. God might have adopted other means for the justification of the-sinner, as He might have created a world different from the present one. But. it is our business to take our Father at His word, and to have recourse witli gratitude to the system He has actually estab lished for our justification. Now, we are assured by His infallible word, that it is by having re course to His consecrated ministers that our sins will be forgiven us. 'It is related in the ?'Book' of Kings that .Naaman, the Syrian; was afflicted with a grievous leprosy, which hauled the skill of the physicians of ihis country. He had, in his household; a Jewish maid-servant. She spoke to her master of the great prophet Eliseus, who lived in her native country, to whom the Lord had given the power of performing miracles. She besought her master to consult the prophet. Naaman accordingly set out ror tne country 01 asraei, anci neggea jsaiseus to heal him. Tho prophet told him to go and wash seven times in the Jordan ; but Naaman, instead of doing as he was directed, became very angry, and said : ' I thought he would have come out to me, . . . and touched with his hand the place of the leprosy, and healed me. Why send me to the Jordan? Are not the rivers of Damascus grander and purer streams than'-- this muddy Jordan ?' But the servants of Naaman remonstrated with him, and besought him to comply with the prophet's injunction, telling him that the conditions were easy, and the Jordan was at. hand. Naaman went and washed, -and was cleansed. Our opponents, like Naaman, cry out : ' Why should you go to a priest, a sinner like yourself, when, secretly in your own room, you can approach God, the pure fountain of grace, to be washed from your sins ?' I answer, because Jesus Christ, a prophet, and more than a prophet, has commanded you to do so. The last charge that I will notice is the most serious and the most offensive. We are told that private Confession is lawless ; that the conscience soon becomes ' enfeebled and chained and starved' by it ; and, worse and worse, that sins are more readily committed, if followed by an absolution conveying pardon. In other words that the more attached Catholics are to the practices of their holy religion, the more de praved and corrupt they become. Or, if they remain faithful to God, this is not by reason of, but in sj)ite of their religious practices. Surely this was not the sentiment of the late Dr. Ives, once Protestant Bishop of North Carolina, and of many other illustrious converts, who from 'the day of their conversion to the hour of their death, never failed to receive consolation and strength from the sacred tribunal. Nor is this the sentiment of Rev. Father Lyman, a Catholic priest of Baltimore, and brother of the Protestant Bishop of North Carolina. Nor is it the sentiment of the present Archbishops of Baltimore and Philadelphia, and of .the Bishops of Wilmington, Cleveland, Col umbus, and Ogdensburg, and a host of others both of the Protestant, clergy and laity, who, within the last fifty years, have entered the Catholic Church. If we compare the Protestant and Catholic systems for the forgiveness of sins, the Catholic system will not suffer by the comparison. Accord ing °to the Protestant 'system, repentance is necessary and sufficient for justification. The Catholic system also requires repentance on the part of tho siuner as an indispensable pre requisite for the forgiveness of sin. But it requires more than this. Before the penitent receives absolution,- he must carefully examine his conscience, and confess his sins, according to their number and kind. He is obliged to have a firm purpose of amendment : to promise restitu tion, if he has defrauded his neighbour ; repara tion for any injury done to his neighbour's character ; reconciliation with his enemies, and to avoid sin and the occasions of sin for tho future. Do not these obligations afford a better safeguard against a relapse into sin than a simple internal act of contrition ? Many most eminent Protestant, and even In fidel writers, who were conversant with the prac tical wordings of the Confessional in the coun tries where they lived, bear testimony to the moral reformation produced by Confession. Hie famous German philosopher, Leibnitz, admits that it is a great benefit conferrred on men, by God, that He left in His Church the power of forgiving sins. ? Voltaire, certainly no friend of Christianity, avows ' that thoro is not perhaps n more useful institution than Confession.' Eousseau, not less hostile to the Church, ex claims : ' How many restitutions and reparations Iocs not Confession cause among Catholics !:i The Protestant authorities of Nuremberg, in G-ermany, shortly after the establishment, of tho reformed doctrines in that city, were so much alarmed at the laxity of morals which succeeded after the- abolition of Confession, that they peti tioned their Emperor, Charles V., to have the prac tice of Confession restored. I feel that I can say, with truth, that Catholics who frequent the Confessional, are generally vir tuous in thoir private lives ; just and honourable in their dealings with others, and that they cul tivate charity and good-will towards their fellow citizens. It will not do to say to me, that it is tho sys tem; and not the individual, that is attacked. How can we judge of a systorn, unless by its prac tical working in the individual ? ' By their fruits yc shall know them,' says our Redeemer. But wo are fold that Confession is an intoler able yoke, and that it makes votaries the slaves of the priests. Before answering this objection, let me call your attention to the inconsistency of our ad .versaries, who blow hot and cold in tho same breath. At the saino time they donounce Con fession as being too hard a romody for sin, and condemn it as being a smooth road to heaven. You have only, say they, to pay a little toll at the Confessional gate, to pass the biggest load of sin. And then they call it an intolerable yoke. In ono sentence they style it a bed of roses : and in tho next a bed of thorns. In the last objection it was charged that the votaries of -Confession had- no moral constraint af all. Now it is said that their conscience is bound in chains of slavery. -^Surely 'Confession cannot ? be hard and easy at the'same time. ' ? Even our Manuals of Devotion- have not escaped the lash of wanton criticism. They have excited the pious -horror of some .modern Pharisees, because they contain a table of sins for the use of those preparing for Confession. The same flower which furnishes honey to the bee, supplies poison to the. wasp; nnd, in like manner; the same book which gives only the honey of consolation to the devout reader, has nothing but moral poison for those that search its pages for nothing else. How can any one object to tho table of sins in our prayer-books', and consistently advocate the circulation of the Bible, which contains incom parably plainer and more palpable allusions to gross crimes than are found in our books of de votion ? Let us not forget the adage, :?' ' Honi soit qui mal y pense'- — Bight Rev. Dr. McOib bons. ? ? ; . Crushed Out.— Owing to unusual pressure on our space, several items in the auctioneer's and agentfs circulars have been crushed out this week. Also several reports and letters and some leading 'matter. . -. r . - ? ? .-..:y . ; ?'.?'- ? ?'.-'? : ..', Thk Lath Mbs. Curran.-— The many friends of J.J. Curran, Esq., J.P., will regvet to learn of the decease of his wife, which sad event took .place on the 22 rid of last month. The deceased lady had been ailing for about fifteen months, and was .during that time frequently, visited by Very Rev. Deari; OtBrien and Father Pollard, in whose parisly .Mr. Curran .lives. The Sisters of Charity were also unremitting in their attention, and assisted very materially in affording the good lady the consolations of religion during her long and .trying illness. I On the morning after her death a.Solerrin Requierii Mass was said at St. Benedict's Church for the repose of her' soul, the Very Eev. Dean O'Brien, Father Pollard, and other priests being present. '? A large con course of. mourners followed all that was. mortal of the deceased lady to the grave, anclf among those present we noticed the Very Eev. Vicar General (Dean Sheridan), Very Eev. Dean O'Brien, Fathers' Pollard and John Vaughan. Much sympathy was expressed for Mr. Curran and his family, the more so as it is but a short time since he lost a son who was ripening into manhood. Proposed Convent at Queanbeyan.— On the occasion of a visit last week to Queanbeyan of the E«v. Mpther of the Order of the G-opd Samaritan, and of the Superioress of the Braid wood Convent, Mr. Martin Byrne, of '-'Quean-/ beyan, offered eight acres of ground— -on which there is a cottage, and as one of the most eligible sites in the town — for the establishment of a Convent. Mr. Thomas Dwyer, of Molonglo, also offered for the same purpose the 'son of £200, and we are informed that many others are desirous of joining in the movement. The Rev. Mother expects to be able to send a ..community early in the ensuing year.' We may, therefore, congratulate the good Catholics ofr (jueanbeyan. on their prospect of, soon possessing' the advan tage of having 'a coinnuiriity of Sisters 'amongst them such as we /have had 'for. some time in B ra id wood'. — Communicated to Braid wood paper. Pastor Cjteniqtty,— The Herald has reported from day to day the frothings of the new cham pion of Protestantism. tJsually the e are fiill' reports, but it must have been a great disappoint ment to the prurient-minded, and a piece of great self-denial to the Herald, in its present excited state, that the ' lectures ' on the Con fessional (according to Chiniquy) were found unfit for publication in detail. ' After the usual devotional services,' we hear evory morning of the iniquities of Rome, of addresses on 'Auricu- lar Confession,' to gentlemen one evening and the next to ' chiefly ladies.' The other subjects dished up for delicate palates have been ' Nur. nories and Convents,' and ecclesiastical colleges. Wo beg to draw the particular attention of our readers to the people who made themselves prom iiifnf-. rm 1 !»» v»lnt.iV»vTV» in Kiiwnovt, oi' \\\\\c ' riiistnv ' ? Mr. Eoseby. M.L.A. (chairman), Mr. J. Davies, M.L.A., Eev's. Drs. -M'Gibbon and Beg, Eevs. G. Sutherland, J. Vauqhan, W. Allworth, S. Wilkin son, D. Allen, A. Smith, E. Patcrson, T. S. For saith, W. Bradley, W. M'Keown, G. G. Howdcn, H. Woodhouse, R. M'Kenzie, and Di's. Moflit and Marshall, Messrs. W. M. Aklei'3,)i), J.P., M. Harris, J.P., W. Neill, J.P., J. Paxton, J.P., W. Kippax, J.P., II. Hicks, IT. C. Colyer, N. J. Mackenzie, John Hardy, L. E. Thrckeld, R. Notf, A. Cane, W. Henson, J.P., I. J. Josephson, W. Perry, E. Campbell, R. M'Coy, R. Wynne, J.P., Rev. H. Miieroiidy, W. Clarke, M. E. Lees, F. Abigail, and T. Lutt'on. [Tho W. Neill, J.P., above mentioned is manager of the City Bank.] Dui'LiCATiox of Tin-: Caulk. — Tie duplicate n of the cable has been at last arranged in'e - colonially. When Mr. Burns first took the matter up, the prospect of such an arrangement seemed utterly hopeless, and to him certainly is duo the chief credit in carrying the conference on the subject to a successful issue. We may state indeed that Mr. Burns visited Government after Government separately before he could get them to fall in with his views. 