AN OPEN YEEDICT. A NEW NOVEL. By the Atithob of '■ Lady Aodley's Seckbt," " Taken at the Flood," " Dead Men's Shoes," " Weavebs and "VVeft," &c.; [Published by special arrangement •with the Author All rights reserved.] Chapter XLII.—A Wedding March. r Bella's marriage was to take place on the last day of October. It had been laid down from the. beginning that it was to.be a yery quiet Ceding. ' There was a "newness and "brightness about that splendid monument to the_ late Mrs. Piper in Little TafEord churchyard which seemed to forbid high jinks at Mr. - Piper's second nuptials. ''People might talk,as Mrs. Scratchell said, happily ignorant that people were talking about her daughter and Mr. Piper with all their might already. % Hardly anybody was to be invited to the wedding. This was what Mr. Piper and everybody else concerned kept on saying, yet every day some fresh invitation was given. Mr. Piper had a good many friends • among the manufacturing classes, innume rable middie-aged men with red faces and . expansive waistcoats, every one of whom . was, by his own showing, the oldest friend he had. . These, one by one, were bidden, ' with their wives and families, " the more * the merrier." In no case was the invitation premeditated, but it-came naturally from Mr-Piper's lips , when he met an old ac quaintance on 'Change,_orjm;thfr.(dnb-hQ use : --^t-QfeatrTafcbrd.• " Never mind, my dear," he said, apolo . getically to Bella, " they are all carriage people, and they'll make a fine show at tSe church door." " But I thought we were going into county society," said Bella. "So we are, my pet; but we aren't going to cut old friends. There's Joe Wigzell, the jolliest fellow I know, and making ' twelve thousand a year out of hat-linings. Mrs. Wigzell's a perfect lady, and there's a fine .family of grown-up daughters. You ought to know the Wigzells." - "I think if you want to be in county society you'll have to give up your Wig xells," said Bella. " They won't mix." " But they must mix," cried Mr. Piper. " Ishall make it worth their while to mix. Such dinners as I shall give will bring the two classes'together •" "Like oil and vinegar," said Bella, who was a little out of humor with "her affianced. These invitations of Mr. Piper's, given at random,- had swelled the wedding party into an'alarming number. Poor Airs. Scratched was troubled in mind as to how she could; "seat her guests. There was a difficult^ about the tables. But Mr. Piper made light :of everything. He would have no cutting and contriving, no humble de rices of Mrs. Scratchell's, no home-made pastry.. He.went to Great Yafford and contracted with the principal confectioner of.that.tQWh to supply everything, from the tables and decorations down to the salt spoons. The breakfast was to be; a magnificent banquet at a guinea a head, exclusive of wines, and Mr. Piper was to write a cheque for everything. This arrangement pleased everybody except Bella, whose. pride was keenly wounded by it. " You have made a pauper of me amou0, you," she cried angrily, to the family circle, en the night before her wedding. " I had rather., have had the quietest, simplest breakfast ili&t; mother could, have arranged, —with the Dulcimers and Beatrix Hare field for our only visitors—than all this hnery paid for by Mr. Piper." " Fiddlesticks," exclaimed Mr. Scratchell. You weren t ashamed to take his money for your wedding clothes. Why should you be ashamed of his paying for your wedding breakfast P I hate such'humbug." *1 have a little pride left," said Bella. " Very little, I should think," answered her father, " and what you have doesn't he come you. It's like the peacock's feathers .on the. jackdaw. You weren't born with it." . . .. " Come upstairs and let us try on the wedding bonnets," said Clementina. " And be kind and nice, Bella. "Recollect it is your last night at home." "Thank God; for that, at any rate," ejaculated Bella piously. The house had been transformed by an artificial and almost-awful tidiness. Every thing had been put away. The swept and garnished rooms were scarcely habitable. "I never saw such discomfort," cried Mr. Scratchell, looking discontentedy round his office, "which ismelt of soft soap, and was cleaner than he had ever seen it in his life. His papers had all been stowed away, he knew not where. Valuable leases and agreements might have ..been thrust into obscure comers where they would he for gotten. The whole process horrified him, "You oughtn't to have touched my office," he said; " business is business." "I couldn't help it," pleaded Mrs. Scrat chell,,,^ The men from Great Yafford said we must have a room for the gentlemen to put their hats and things;-so I was obliged to give them this. . You have no idea how they order us about. . And then they asked me where they were to put your things, and almost before I told them—and while I was so flurried.I scarcely knew what I was saying—your papers and tin- boxes: were all swept off." "And pray where are they ?" demanded -Mr. Scratchell, furiously. • "I—don't be angry, Scratchell. I couldn't help it. They're all safe—quite, quite safe —in the hayloft." "Where the rats are eating the Harefield leases, no doubt," said Mr; Scratchell. "It's for a, short: time, dear," said Mrs. Scratchell, soothingly. "We'llhave every thing back in its place the day after to bioitow ; and I don't think; rats like parch ment." , , " The wedding day davraecl, and to all that busy and excited household'the sky seemed to be. of another color-and the atmosphere of another quality than the sky and at mosphere ef p.ommon days. The Scratcliell girls rose with the Kirk, or rather with the ofthd'cockroachesm the old kitchen, . where - those black . gentlemen scampered off to their holes, like Hamlet's ghost cockcrow. /The younger sisters wefe in high epiritsT-.Tlie ideapf ah-inordi mately rich' brothers-law opened a new hemisphere of delight. What picnics and carpet-dances and other dissipation^ Bella - could provide for them when she was mis-o tress of Iittle-'Yafford Bark. ^ To- clay they were-to -wear-handsome- dresses-for the - first time in their lives; dresses; of Bella's providing. • As bridesmaids they were: im portant features in the show. The maid of-all-work was no less excited. She, too, was. to wear a fine dress; and she had the prospect of unlimited flirtation with the young men, from the pastrycook's.. She. Drought the; girls , an early cup of tea, and helped them to'plait their hair. Ordinary plaits would not do for to-day. "I'll have mine plaited in ten, if you can manage it, Sally," said Flora. " And I'll have mine in the Grecian plait,'-' said Clementina. : " I don't know what's the matter with Misa Beller," said the faithful: Sally. " It's my belief she' has been crying all. night. Her eyes are as red as pickled cabbage. All I can say if she isn't fond of Mr. Piper she ought to be. Such a free-spoken, open handed gentleman!" Mr. Piper was intensely popular in the Sci atchell household. Nobody considered that Bella was sacrificing herself in marry ing so charming a man. His fifty years, his :puffine'es) his coarse red'hands, about which Nature had made a trifling mistake and suppliedthumbs in place of fingers, his bald head with its garnish of' iron-grey bristles—all these things went for nothing. He had won everybody's favor except, per haps, that of his young bride. At a quarter to eleven everybody was ready. Mr. Scratchell in an entire new suit, which circumstance was such a novelty to him that he felt as if he had been changed in his sleep, like the tinker in the old story. Mrs. Scratchell, flushed and ner vous, tightly encased in a shining purple silk gown, which made her presence felt as a mass of vivid color wherever she ap peared, like a new-stained °;lass window in an old church. The bridesmaids looked bright and pretty in sky-blue, with wreaths of forget-me-nots round their white chip bonnets. The boys wore sleek broadcloth like their father's, buff waistcoats, and laven der trousers. Everything was intensely new. They all stood in the hall waiting for the bride, and contemplating each other cu riously, like strangers. " I never thought father could have come out so good-looking," whispered Clementina to her eldest brother., " I should hardly have known him." "Ah!" ejaculated Herbert, "money ■ makes all the' difference." ' \ They felt as if they were all going to be . rich now. It was not Bella only who went up in the social scale. Her family ascended with, her. Even the faithful domestic drudge, Sally, rejoiced at the change in her fortunes. The fragments that fell to her share after the family dinner wouldbe dain tier and more plentiful. Her scanty wages would be mOre secure. ^ . 'At last Bella came down, in glistening wnite apparel, clouded over with lace. The delicate taste which had always been hers . —the instinctive refinement in all external things which made her mother say that Bella had been a lady from her cradle— had regulated her wedding dress. She looked Vs pure and aerial as some pale spring flotVetel, tremulous upon its slender stem. Her family bowed down and wor shipped her, like Joseph's brethren, as re presented in the vision of the sheaves. " God bless you, my pet," cried her father, in an unprecedented burst of affec tion. "It .is something to have such a beauty as you in one's family." The gray old chancel was like a bed of gaudy tulips, so varied and so brilliant were the dresses of Mr. Piper's .manufac turing friends, waiting impatiently to behold him at the altar. Among all these bright colors and startling bonnets Beatrix Harefield in her gray silk dress and old Brussels lace'looked like a creature belonging to another world. All the manufacturing people noticed her and wanted to know who that distinguished looking young lady was. Mrs. Dulcimer and Beatrix had the vicarage pew all to themselves. Presently the bride entered the porch leaning On her father's arm, pale against the whiteness of her bridal dress. Mr. Piper, crimson with agitation, and breath ing a little harder than usual, hurried for ward to receive her. He offered her his arm. The four bridesmaids followed two .and two, the organist played a spirited march, and the business of the day began. Bella gave the responses in a clear, firm little voice. Mr. Piper spoke them with gruff decision. Mr. Dulcimer read the service beautifully, but Mr. Piper's manu facturing ' friends hardly appreciated the Vicar's deliberate and impressive style. They would rather have had the service rattled off with modern celerity, so that they might get to the wedding breakfast. "If there's any hot ontrics they'll be spoiled," whispered Mrs. Wigzell, the hat lining manufacturer's wife, to Mrs. Pork man, whose husband was in the provision line. # " I'm beginning to feel quite faint," answered Mrs. Porkman. " Getting up_ so early and coming so far. It's too trying for a weak constitution." " Did you ever see such a young thing ?" asked Mrs. Wigzell, indicating the bride with a motion of her head. Mrs. Porkman's only answer was a pro found sigh. - " What can be expected from such an unsuitable marriage ?" demanded Mrs. Wigzell, still in a whisper. "After such a sensible wife as poor Moggie, too." . " Oh, my dear, Moggie Piper never rose to the level of her po'sition,"~answered Mrs. Porkman. And now all was over: and for ever.and ever—or, at least for the ever aiM ever of this lower world—Ebenezer Piper and Isabella Scratchell were made one. What ever the incongruity of the union, the thing was done. -Disgrace or death only could loosen the knot. ; The organ crashed out the tremendous chords of the Wedding March, and every body looked delighted at the near prospect of breakfast. People crowded into the vestry to see Bella and her husband sign the register. There was much kissing of bride and bridesmaids, while poor Mrs. Scratchell, wedged into a corner -by the vestry door, wept a shower of hot tears over her purple dress. !" I hope she'll be happy," she ejaculated. "Marriage is a solemn thing. God grant she mav be happy." i And" in her inmost heart the mother ; played and feared lest all should not be well with her daughter - in this marriage,_ which she as well as her husband bad striven so hard to bring tn pass. 'u--- "We have done all for the. best,", she told hers£if> " and Mr. Piper is a kind good -man." — — Her maternal heart thrilled with pride presently at the church door when she saw the manufacturing people's carriages, the sleek well-groomed horses, the smart live ries, the consequential coachmen and pam pered footmen. They were a long time , getting away from , the; church, aiid there was a good deal of fuss and some offence ; given to.punctilious minds in bringing;the. carriages to the porch. Mrs... Porkman's landau came before Mrs. Wigzell's, which was wrong, as everybody .knows that hat linings rank before provisions; and the great Mr. Timperley of the Linseed Mills— , quite the most important person present was left with his aggrieved wife and daughter . till nearly. the last. However they all got off ultimately, and five minutes brought them to Mr. Scratehell's door. The breakfast was laid on two long tables in the common parlor; the best parlor did duty as a reception-room, and : for the display of the wedding presents, which were exhibited on a side table, quite a dazzling array, Mr. Piper's friends had all sent offerings, scaly golden snakes with emerald or ruby eyes, mother-o'-pearl enve lope boxes, filagree bouquet holders, lockets; fans, personal finery of all kinds. To the bride of a gentleman in -Mr. Piper's firmly established position, no one could think of offering the butter dishes and dessert knives, claret jugs and fish carvers, which'. are presented to modest young couples just setting up in domestic business. Bella's presents' were therefore all of a strictly useless character. Beatrix gave her a set of pearl ornaments, Mrs. Dulcimer a dress-" ing-case.: The Vicar's gift was a Bible in an exquisite antique binding, and a pocket edition of Shakespeare. ,You need never be at a loss for some thing worth reading while you have those two books, my dear," he toldBella when he presented them. The breakfast was a success. The Great Yafford confectioner had done his duty. There were perigord pies, and barley sugar temples, hecatombs of poultry and game, highly decorated hams and tongues, trifles, j jellies, creams, hothouse fruit, ices, wafers, coffee and liquem'S. To the minds of the young Scratchells it was the most wonder ful feast. They played havoc among all the dishes, reckless of after consequences. Such a banquet as that was well worth the cost of a bilious attack. The wines had all come from the Park, and were the choicest in Mr. Piper's collection. " There's a Savior about that 'ock," said Mr. Porlrman, smacking his lips approv ingly, "that I don't remember to have tasted for the last ten years. You don't get such 'ock nowadays. Money won't buy it, no more than it won't buy Madeira." "I hope you'll|crack many a bottle before the next ten years, Porkman," roared Mr, Piper. " It's Skloss Johnny's Berger that I bought out of old Tom Howland's cellar after the poor old gentleman's death. He was a connysewer, was Tom. I've got a whole bin, and it will he your fault if vou don't punish it." ;" And so I will, sir, for it's real good stuff," answered Mr. Porkman, blinking at the pale amber wine in his green glass. The newly-married couple were to spend their honeymoon in Italy. Coarse as he was in appearance and manners, Mr. Piper had vague yearnings after the pleasures of refinement. He wanted to see the cities of Italy, and the pictures and statues with which he had been informed those cities abounded. He had not cared to travel in the first Mrs. Piper's time, firstly because that lady's health had been precarious, and secondly because she could not speak a word of any language except her own. Mr. Piper wanted a companion who could in terpret for him and assist him to squabble with innkeepers and hackney coachmen. Such a companion he felt he could have in Bella, and he would take a pride in exhibit ing his pretty wife at table (Thotes and in public places. He would like to be pointed out as a comfortable well-to-do man of middle age who had married a girl young enough to be his daughter. He was not ashamed of the disparity. It flattered his vanity. Bella looked very pretty by-and-bye in a fawn-colored travelling dress and a pale blue bonnet. There was a carriage and four to take Mr. Piper and his bride to the railway station at Great Yafford. He had insisted on four horses, though two could have done the work just as well. The postilions were an imposing spectacle— smartly clad in sky blue jackets, with satin favors pinned on their breasts, and slightly the worse for beer. Happily the hired horses were of a sober and steady-going breed, or Mr. and Mrs. Piper might have come to grief on the first stage of their journey. They were gone — amidst the usual shower of old slippers. The wedding guests departed immediately after. There was to be no dance, nothing to wind up the evening, as Clementina and all her younger sisters and .. brothers loudly la mented. . I should think you'd better all go off to your beds after the way you stuffed yourselves all through the breakfast," said Mr. Scratchell. " I saw you." " What was the use of leaving things 1" demanded Herbert.. " The pastrycook's men will take everything back. They won't leave us a crumb for to-morrow." Herbert was right. The .confectioner's minions were already sweeping off the fragments of the feast—half tongues— bodies of fowls—dilapidated pies. Mrs. Scratchell stood and watched them with envious eyes. The family might have sub sisted for a week upon those savory re mains. The small Seratehells prowled, round the tables and picked little bits out of the plates. Those manufacturing people had been delicate and wasteful in their eat ing. The broken bits were daintier than anything the little Seratehells had ever tasted before. " Come, clear out," cried the fath er " you've all eaten too much already." But he thought it a hard thing that the pastrycook's men should come down like locusts of Scripture, and make barrenness in the land, after Mr. Piper had paid for everything, The house had a desolate look when the van had driven off with all the glass and china and the long deal tables, the epergnes and artificial flowers. Bella's room looked the dreariest of them all. It was but a poor attic at the best, and now, in the un tidiness of departure, strewed all over with crumpled scraps of paper, ends of old ribbon, cast-off cuffs and collars, and worn .out shoes, looked..horrible., g3!he; younger . ■sisters explored the chamber -aft&r; all was over in-*the"faint 'hope -of-gleaning-some thing valuable. . . "She hasn't left a morsel of anything behind her,", said Clementina. ,"I don't think you can complain of that," said Flora, " She has given us all her old clothes," ; . • "If she'd had a spark of generosity she'd have -given us some of her new," answered Clementina. ." This is to be my room now. It's a horrid hole. I'm sure the furniture must have been second- hand when Noah, built the Ark. Think of .Bella with her apple-green bedroom and dressing room at. the Park—all: the furniture new and her own choice—and her barouche! and pair—and brougham for evenings.. Doesn't it seem too ridiculous ?" Clementina went to the shabby little lookingrglass on' the chipped mahogany chest of drawers and submitted her small blunt features to a severe scrutiny. "I'm not particularly ugly, and I've Bella's complexion,- whicli is the best part of her," she said,-"but I don't Suppose there's a Mr. Piper growing for me! any where." "Oh, yes there is," answered the cheer ful Flora. " Bella will give lots of par ties, and we shall meet with young manu facturers." ■ "Bella will do nothing except for her own gratification," said Clementina. " She won't give parties to please us." 