? THE VETERANS OF THE GRAND ARMY MEKTIKO NAPOLEON'S Asaza FEQST ST. jisLENA. (FEOM TKEOPHILE GAUTLEE.) BOBID, and thuB forced out of my room, A^'jng the Boulevard I passed. Around me hung December's gloom, The wind was cold, the (showers drove fat-t Then straight I saw (how strange the sight!) Escaped from their grim dwelling- place, Trampling through mud in sorry plight, Ghosts at mid-day, ghosts face to face. Night ia the time when shades have power, Whilst German moonlight silvers all, Within some old and tottering tower, To flit across the pillared hall. 'Tifl night when fairh o from the floods In dripping robes rise like a breath, Then drag beneath their lily buds Some boy whom they have danced to de^th. 'Twas night, if Zedlitz singeth true, When (half-seen shade) the Emperor Marshalled in line, for th;it review, The shades of Austerlitz once more. But epectres in the public street, Scarce from the playhouse pacefl two, Veiled nor by mist, nor winding-sheet, Who stand there wearied and wet through. Well may "we wonder as we gaze ; Three grumbling phantoms hover dim, In uniform of other days, One ex-guard, two hussars with him, Not these the slain, who, though they die, Still hear through earth Napoleon's drum ; But veterans of a time gone by Waked up to eee hia relics come. Who, since that last, that fatal fight, Have grown, or fat, or lean and gTim ; Whose uniforms, unless too tight, Float wide around each wasted limb. Oh, noble rags, still like a star To you the Cross of Honour clings, Sublimely ludicrous, ye are Grandir than purple worn by kings ! A nerveless plume, as if with fear, Trembles above the bearskin frayed ; Moth-fretted the pelisbe is, near Those holes by hostile bullets mado ; The leathern overalls, too large, Round the shrunk thigh in wrinkles fall, And ruaty sabres, wearying charge, Drag on the ground, or beat the wall. The next one is grotesque, with chest Stretching a coat too small by half ; But for the stripes that deck his breast, At the old war-wolf we might laugh. My brothers, mock them not too much ; Rather salute, with heads low bent, These heroes of an Iliad, su-h Aa Homer never could invent. Greet each bald head with reverence due, For on brows, bronzed by many a clime, A lengthening scar oft reddens through The lines that have been dug by time. Their skins, by a strange blackness, tell Of Egypt's heat and blinding light ; Russia's snow powder, as it fell, Has kept those thin locks ever white. Their hands may tremble ; yes, still keen The cold of liereBina bites ; They limp, for long the march between Cairo and Wilna'a frozen heights. They droop, bent double, since in war No sheets but flags for sleep had they; The helpless sleeve may flutter, for A round uhot tore the aim away. Laugh not, though round them leaps and jeers The howling street boy with delight; They were the day of those proud years— The evening we—perchance the night. They recollect, if wo forget, Lancers in red, ex-guard in blue, And worship, at his column met, The only God they ever knew. Proud of the pains endured so long, Grateful for miseries nobly borne—- They feel the heart of France beat strong Under that clothing soiled and worn. Our tears then check the emile that played, To see this strange pomp on its way— The Empire's ghostly masquerade— Dim as a ball when dawns the day. Through skies "which yet her splendours fill, The Eagle of our armies old, From depths of glory, burning still, Bpreaaa over them her wings of gold. 