EHTERTAMMEWTS. THE THEATRES, &c; Mr. Wybert Keeve made his first appear ance in Australia on Saturday night, at the Theatre Royal. He played Count Fosco in Mr. Wilkie Collins's drama of " The Woman in White," a story which liaa the advantage of having been dramatised by the author himself, and which, therefore, may be sup posed to present the principal points of in terest in that very engrossing novel. We arc not, however, unfamiliar with it in its dramatic form, as it was arranged for stage representation by Mr. George Fawcett Rowe, known to us as George Fawcett, some 14 years ago, he himself playing the part now sustained by Mr. Reeve. I suppose I may venture to say that every body knows the story of " The Woman in White." Hardly any novel written durins the last twenty years has excited more atten tion than this did on its first publication. Speaking generally, everybody read it. And the interest did not depend so much upon the story itself as upon the manner of telling it. In fact, as a story, it is almost common-place. It consists of old materials ; we have the worn expedient of two persons exactly re sembling each other, of their therefore being mistaken for each other, and of advantage being taken of this resemblance by two villains, whose purposes were to be Berved by an improper use being made of this resemblance. The arch-villain is an Italian count, and his ally and instrument is an English baronet. The doubles are re spectively the baronet's wife and her mad foster-sister, who suffers from heart-disease. By the death of his wife, the baronet is to get thirty thousand pounds and the count ten thousand, and they arrange matters so successfully that the lunatic dies and is buried as the lady, and the lady is taken to an asylum, and is there detained in the name of the lunatic. The villany is discovered, of course, and poetic justice is satisfied by Bhooting the count and drowning the baronet, and the lady, who before her marriage had a lover, whom, on her marriage, she was obliged to discard, but whom, contrary to all the recog nised proprieties, she did not cease either to love or to remember, is made happy by a union with the man of her choice. This union is only right, since the gentleman has been principally instrumental in delivering her from captivity, and bringing punishment upon those who did her wrong. There is thus, it will be seen, plenty of story to satisfy those to whom story alone is an attraction, but the strong interest, both in the novel and the play, is the finely subtle scoundrelism of the chief villain, who goes about his wickedness in an airy and delicate fashion, covering over his knavery with a gloss of sensibility and sentiment. And there is nothing inconsistent in this combination of detestable vice with fine taste and poetic feeling. We see examples of it every day, and history is full of instances in point. The part of Count Fosco, therefore, offers a large op portunity to an actor of ability, for the dis play of this compound mental organisation, for, while it is not difficult to play an ordinary stage villain, who uses the common cloak of hypocrisy, it is not so easy to play a villain whose hypocrisy consists of a certain quality of refinement which is not assumed, but is part of his nature, and is not cast aside even in his communings with himself. That Mr. Reeve showed himself capable of depicting an exceptional psychological study of this kind, was at once acknowledged by the audience, an acknowledgement in which I very cordially concur. He kept the atten tion fixed upon himself, and yet without in any way forcing the character, or disturbing its relations with the other elements in the drama. He mode you powerfully conscious of the abhorrent attributes of the man, but sensible also of his almost womanly pecu liarities. His make-up, his manner, his ex pression, all helped the effect Such men as Fosco are sometimes found to excite, at the same time, horror and fascination, and Mr. Reeve made this apparent. In melodrama one has often enough seen this thanatophx dian glamour represented, but then it is taken as an attribute, of course. Mr. Reeve gives, you ^he reality. You have no difficulty in comprehending that such a creature as he depicts, might move about in the living world around .you, and exercise with fatal effects the bad influence possible to such a being. Mr. Reeve's Fosco is a thing to study. I can imagine any one, after seeing it several times, being shockingly captivated with it. I have but one exception to take to it. Fosco is an Italian, and, in speaking Eng lish, he would speak with an Italian accent. But Mr. Reeve's accent is rather French than Italian. It is a curious mistake to make, nevertheless it is a mistake. Speaking of the piece, it was extremely well played, taken generally. The scenery did not, indeed, admit of grand effects, but such effects as it did permit, were taken advantage of. With the exception of the last Bet, all the scenes were new, and there was one scene which merited particular praise. It was only a modern house facade, but then it was real); and we have go much that is unreal on the stage, that it is quite a comfort to see some thing which is out of the Btage conventional groove. An ordinary house front, a verandah, habitable rooms seen through the verandah, practicable windows and window-blinds above the verandah, trees, garden-chairs, and a couch, are not much; but taken together, and in association with situations, they represent a good deal, and in this in stance they did represent a very great deaL It is easy to sneer at what some limited minds have called the "upholstery" of the stage; but 1 assert, as I have before asserted, that a good play was never the worse for good scenery. And the acting was good, too. Miss Navaro, in the duplex duty of the lady and the lunatic, showed how well she can mark the differences in a part where resem blance is the chief feature of interest. She did not spoil the insanity by over-doing it, and in the scene where Lady Glyde has to express her terror at the prospect of being shut up for the rest of her life as a mad woman, she realised with a startling vivid ness that terrible feeling which is, perhaps, the most agonising among all human miseries, the half-fear, half-conviction, of going mad. Miss Watt played Marian Halcombe—the dramatically-accessory, and yet constructively necessary character of the play—suggestively well. That is to say, she played it with an inferential promise of playing it better in the future, when she shall have freed herself from a certain mannerism of uneasiness, which at present somewhat impairs her freedom both of utterance and action. The other villain—to wit, the baronet—was represented by Mr. Apple ton, who appears to have acquired a sort of understood right to depict villany in some shape. You may be quite sure he made the baronet a gentleman, so that, although you might be appalled at his wickedness, you were not startled by any quality of repulsiveness. Mr. Vincent was the good young man of the story; the draw ing-master who falls in love with his pupil, and wins her for his wife when her first husband is drowned. There is no accounting for tastes, but I should think most women, under like circumstances, would have pre ferred that baronet to that artist. All the rest of the characters beyond those enumerated are contributory parts, and do not require more than passing mention. Thus it will suffice to say that Mrs. Bryer, as Madame Fosco, was appropriately sub dued. That Miss Neville, as an ancillary villain of the female sex, made the villany properly apparent. That Mr. O'Brien, as a mysterious member of a secret brotherhood, with circumscribed opportunity, used the op portunity with good effect; and that Miss Maynard comported herself not inexactly as a nurse in a lunatic asylum. The play ends a little abruptly with the shooting of Fosco, who iB put to death by the agents of the secret brotherhood. In the story he is-not shot, but, if I mistake not, strangled, and in the drama, as at first represented, he was stabbed. I am not sure if the shooting is the best method. It cer tainly brings down the curtain with a certain 6clat, but it is rather an old stage-resource. Perhaps Mr. Reeve has tried the other methods, and finds the shooting the most effective. On Monday night Mr. Creswick, at the Opera-house, played Macbeth for the first time in this colony. Everybody will have his own opinion as to the character in which he likes Mr. Creswick best; but, without de bating this point, it is quite certain that everyone, taking a perfectly dispassionate view, will not fail to discern in his. Macbeth evidence of that analytical method of inves tigating the poetic creations he essays to in terpret, which he employs in every instance. That Macbeth is a psychological projection needs not at this day to be asserted, but, apart from its interest as au abstraction in mind lore, it is full of impressiveuess as a dramatic picture, lighted up with the glow of that lurid ray which proceeds from, a source which, conveniently, we name the super natural. And it is in this ghastly illumina tion of the supernatural, that Mr. Cres wick, with a well-directed skill, con tinually keeps the character. He lays stress upon all those passages, and strongly em phasises all the situations which help to maintain this view. We thus have Macbeth 6hown to ub from the first as a doomed man under a fatal spell, from which he cannot escape. He is presented to us as the effect of a malign influence, and, as a result, we are insensibly drawn into a sympathy with him and for him. We almost forget his crimes, by reason that it is his misfortune rather than his evil nature to have committed them. He is made to seem to us as if suffer ing from a disease which has corrupted hia moral being, and transformed him from his prior sell He seems to be hnrried into terrible acts at which he himself shudders. Now, I have seen Macbeth represented, as a remorseless savage, -whose - plea- - sure was -ministered to by the shed ding of blood, and whose traffic with witchcraft was rather an incident than a cause; - There is, therefore, a distinct pur pose in such a representation as that of Mr. Creswick's which creates for ft a peculiar1 interest, and makes of it a phjb^^Tr as well as an artistic result Moreover Creswick's Macbeth is compact'and nnif * It is not a thing of interrupted efforts with inexpressive space? between. It satisfi™ Mrs. Steele's Lady Macbeth is well known, to us all for its clearness and its wam«r liness. She knows better than to paW her as a tigress. She has feelings, affeT turns, tenderness, and these hare not been destroyed, but are only coloured by her ambition, which, moreover, is but an ex pression of her conjugal devotedness. This is Mrs. Steele's conception of the character and, I need hardly say, it is the true one* Mr. Ireland has played Macduff so long and. bo well, as to have acquired a sort of right to play it. Mr. Ryan has played Banquo also ' I believe, many times, and perhaps he has acquired a claim to play Banquo. Mr. Joyce played Duncan, I suppose, as a matter of course. I do not know that Malcolm could have been more judiciously allotted than to Mr. Phillips; and I do not remember ever to have seen the less principal character of Rosse made better of than it was by Mr, Boothman Of the three witches you would probably remember best that one played by Mr. Thome, but then you will generally remember* with advantage to him, any character played by Mr. Thome. The musical portions deserve particular attention, for in addition to Locke's music being very carefully done there were certain lyrical accompaniments of etrongly accented passages which, I believe, were composed on purpose as a musical setting of "Macbeth" at Mr. Creswick's instance, and these were heard for the first time. They are singularly in harmony with the remote epoch of the Btory, and they help ;d to throw a poetic colouring over some of the scenes, which favourably distinguished the representation from others that I have witnessed. Miss Lydia Howarde played Hecate for the first time in her life, and I believe also it was the first Shakspearian part of any kind she had ever played. Hitherto we have known Mi<^ Howarde only as a clever burlesque actress, but her performance of Hecate showed that she is very capable of something higher. I do not say that she went to the extent of what you or I might wish to see in this character, but I confess that she surprise 1 me by the earnestness and appropriate pic turesqueness with which she played it, and, as a matter of course, she was quite at home in the music. Clearly from this time, we shall have a good right to see Miss Howarde in parts out of the region of burlesque. Some of the scenery was new, and a great deal of it was appropriate, but some was cer tainly, to my thinking, not appropriate. For example, the inner doorway at the entrance into Macbeth's castle was more like an en larged mantelpiece than the doorway of an ancient Scottish castle. Bat the exterior of the castle, that is to say, the set of the last scene, was genuinely picturesque. " British Born," played at the Princess's on Saturday and following nights, is de scribed in the bills as "a sensational and comical drama." I cannot tell yon who wrote it, but I suppose it was an actor or a manager, who declared strongly for stage effect In fact, it consists mainly of situa. tions. Some of these are not 'quite easy of explanation, but, perhaps, it is sometimes best, when you see a strong situation, not to inquire too curiously into its relations with the rest of the drama. Thus the hero of this play is in danger of being shot by order of the Governor of Bolivia. I do not know why he is to be shot, nor could I discover why he had gone to Bolivia. The situation, however, is a good one ? the heto is led out by a fileof soldiers, and bares his manly bosom for the fusilade. But, of course, he is not shot, poetic justice would never have been satisfied if hehad been. He is restored to the girl of hisaffections, and the villain who has, all along, been per secuting him is shot in his place. This is the end of the piece, but, an you may snp pose, there is a great deal of businessito lead up to this climax. Thus, the hero, who is the good young man of the story, is falsely accused of stealing money; but he clears himself triumphantly, and turns the tables upon his accuser. And then, for some in scrutable reason, they all go to Bolivia. By they, I mean literally everybody in the piece. 1 think they go to mineforsilver, but, as yousee, some of them get more lead than silver. T e Governor of Bolivia iB a consequential person,, who goes about in resplendent apparel) an is restrained from carrying out his senten upon the hero only by the suddenly happy thought of a representative of the Government flinging upon the cnmina - conveniently obtainable Union Jack, a sight of which the firing party all drop their weapons, and the prompter drops the curtain. There is a comic man, of course, who 1 dulgeB in many amusing eccentricities, an , when required, performs prodigies of valour. Also, -here is the comic man's sweehearv who sings and dances. There.is a . • of the talk we denominate " tall, and a great deal of assorted villany, but the virtue of the good people is triumphant. heroine, played respoctively iiy Mr. a and Mrs. Tavares. Mr. Metcalfe 1 ^ typical hero, but he made a goo '. ggqUe of here. Mrs. Tavares anjJ and genuine heroine, and she den er villain with such telling effect as tow. ^ powering applause, especially , _ , g out, informed him she would Wow hi if he did not mind what he wasab . ^ Carey was the representative 4**^ virtue and alsb of the British ^ the and he did justice to either asp llent character. Mr. Wallace ® de villain, if villany can ever P»P ^ tbe scribed as excellent. Mr. of fun. coihic work with, a fin® tly-dreBsed . MrJ Belton, as the . w®P»e." . hj. wi8h ■ si-importttnee. 3fiss Foley showed well in some accessory eoubrettism. Cta Wednesday, Thursday, and last nights the drama was supplemented m'[fi the old farce of "The Spectre Bride crooni,"and to-night we are to have a drama of Hie romantic school, and " The Warlock of the Glen," so that it will be seen Mr. "wfln=8 is doing all he can to give melo dramatic variety. At the Academy the piece played on Satur day night for the first time in this city, nnder the title of "Minerva,"is an adap tation of one of M, Sardou's sparkling comedies, produced originally in Paris as " Jfa Belle-Mere." Its merit lies in its in genious construction. The mother-in-law hnsiness is old enough, but the character of ' u the eccentric wife of a man who visits her tbe ^nnartCT-days to pay her the money he on!y°\« L Suite of its own kind. She is £ an original, and is, no doubt, taken ? m the life. One such woman I rayBelf [ «known; you can form your own opinion bl Ser Buch a woman is not mad. v r my part, I think a woman must be mad lo comports herself after such a fashion. 1 js very amusing to lookers-on, but ? at all amusing to those whom n° Beiects as the subjects of her vaga •« She will fasten upon a man for no won that he can discover, and do her best L drive him as mad as she herself is. In the lav all ends well, by the reconciliation of the Ld woman with her husband. But in real jife you d0 not always get theBe happy end ings. On the stage such women are very diverting; and I must Bay that Miss Beatrice fiS the mad woman, and Mr. Ogden as the persecuted man, made me laugh more than J have done at the theatre since Mr. Hall played in "Our Dad." Miss Beatrice has all the vivacity, the verve, and the humour to make such a part what the creator of it intended. Her quickness, her power of sudden change, her fine sense of the absurdity of a situation, not to speak of her singularly apt facial power and her rare musical voice, all help her to produce such a result Comedy, then, is quite the direction in which she can best exercise her talents. Perhaps, however, it is natural she should like to give a taste of her quality in an other direction, and so she is going to • night to play Nancy Sikes. I would rather not see any good actress in this tepulsive part, but as it is always an attrac tion to the various public, and as the quality of attraction is really the rule upon which actors and managers must shape their policy, it cannot be helped. Of the others in this comedy of" Minerva," it is only just to speak in terms of high praise. Mr. Ogden was, as I have already suggested, full of fun. And for the first time I liked Mr. Flemming ; and 3Iiss Pelliam looked quite charming; and Mr. Eerndon'8 dry humour was well em ployed; and Mrs. Ryan, if she had not mis pronounced the word exaggerated, would have been nearly satisfactory; and Miss Lizzie Dixon, as she always is, was pleasantly bright, and a Miss Silvester, who has lately joined the company, seems to have useful qualities. I think one might see this piece several times, and not tire of it. Mr. Scott has continued his portraits with great satis factito-t o the audience, and credit to him self. The Ghost-illusion is still at the Athenaeum. I hear that the Blondinettes are making satisfactory progress in their country tonr. From Messrs. Johnstone, O'Shannessy, and Co. I have received a finely executed portrait of Mrs. Tavares, in the character of Lady Teazle. It is ef a most finished degree of photographic excellence, and it does justice to lira Tavares's most expressive features. There was an unusually large throng at the Papular Concert at the Town-hall on Monday night, and the reason for the throng jaa the first appearance in public of Miss Ada Wiilett, the young lady of wm I made brief mention last fleek. She called^ forth great enthusiasm, j«der. For she looks like a fairy,' with the finish and power of a musician. If you did not see her, i, juu uiu uoi uee ner j,, '-e^er ^'eve.'t was only a beauti fit child who was bringing out those tramde from the instrument. Nor is she no uiore than merely mechanically gifted. She »& musician all through. The expression tie communicates is the result of true feel ilW mrA. - * j tint c ; vl Lrue ieei is&dtoSqU1Fed; man'PQ,ative skill. She Wai„ * -J e creatare whom her friends MWVII,v, it ucc ificims Cfltt hardly fail to worship, and at whom the ftfolic will told their breath in admiring astonishment. When she shall have had all the advantage of that further training which i»the object of her visit to Europe, I can 'marine wW -t- - — - re hub o • • W'^ become. I know not ahewilitlkl06)?^ 0411 Bin£. hut if she ie Tr e world captive. .ln8trels keeP on with their peasant ftniw • — v" Wltn tneir 6tCdsSm?ent ™th Profit to them. 1451 might M ac^°° ^ose who hear them. K°hler was to take his Land^ iL . 10 to^ae nis of , ,ere 18 snrely nothing in the musical instrument he cahnot this to. the m>mn and « u 6 ^ntemplated on Public an :na, uce ^or the first time to ine cf the world +u„m,ent ot "which, in this part Would be b<ihWe b,een 80 fat ^norant, Quantity Bnffl^ in0V y ftndgood desert. allP.J5,8uffi<»ent to ensure himanrofit Undone W CD nee. TAHITE. 