BISCHOFF. The vast accumulation of mineral wealth which has lain hidden from mortal eye for countless ages, but which, through the dauntless energy and perseverance of one man, has at last become exposed to light now attracts considerable notice not only in this, but also in the adjoining colonies. Through- out the summer months many strangers have paid a short visit to this once remote region, and they still continue to arrive in ones and twos, and after minutely inspecting the various deposits many of them depart quietly, doubtless to report elsewhere the opinions they have formed of the mines. Most of them, however, agree in prophesying a bright future for the town of Waratah, and are agreed that this place will become the centre of a vast mining population. Signs of advancement are already visible on all sides. At the late sale of township allotments held at Emu Bay, it was remarked that the high prices given for some of the central business sites was an earnest of the faith held by the purchaser in the future prosperity of Waratah. Since then, however, I am informed that some of these have already changed hands at a considerable advance upon the auction prices, A second hotel now approaches completion, a large general store is about to be erected in addition to those which already compete for public patronage, and residents at Bischoff may soon expect to enjoy most of the comforts and even luxuries hitherto beyond their reach owing to the difficulty of access to the locality. Now, however, the completion of the Van Diemen's Land Court; party's tramway between. this place, and, Emu Bay forms a strong link with the outer world. When the company have added accommodation for the transit of passengers to and fro, Bischoff will not be such an undesirable place of abode as many imagine it to be. At present, however, there are daily complaints of the mode of travelling afforded to the public The only way now open to, those who cannot accomplish the journey on horseback being thus it-Yes) leave fined Ray by the goods trucks at 4 am.; no seats are provided except such boxes or packages as constitute part of the loading, those who succeed in securing a bale of chaff to sit upon are considered fortunate. Should it chance to rain you are then at the mercy of elements, no means of shelter being available. After six or seven hours slow travel yon reach the Hampshire Hills, distant twenty miles from Emu Bay, and there most frequently you have the felicity of waiting two or three hours for the arrival of the (fawn trucks loaded, with tin, for hero the drivers change those who came from Emu Bay returning thither and vice versa. The one redeeming feature of the delay at the Hampshire Hills is that the place boasts of a comfortable hotel where travellers may obtain a very good dinner. After a long and tedious journey the 40-mile station is reached, and the trucks go no further. It is often quite dark when this place is reached, and there is not the ghost of anything in the shape of accommodation to be obtained. If you are able and willing to walk on to Waratah, a distance of seven miles, you may of course do so. Should you, however, declare that you may either steer your' course for the bush and care how you best can, or perchance you may be fortunate enough to be allowed a seat by the groom's fire, or to stretch your weary limbs upon the bare floor. Most persons, prefer tramping to Waratah, late though the hour, may be, rather than face the hospitality of the 40, mile station. Let us hope, however, that the representatives of the Yan Dieman's Land Company will soon find a way to remedy the noon evidence so loudly complained of at present. There is no question that they would find it to their interest to do so. One of the signs of advancement here is the commencement of a public school building. The want of a school of some sort has been much felt hitherto, but almost universal disapproval is expressed as to the site chosen for the school-house, the only way of getting to which is by crossing the bridge over the Bischoff Company's works, and the approach to which on one side is over a wrestling not guarded; on either side, and I should say most unsafe for children to run across, as they would have to do several times in a day, if they were attending the school ; it is also rather out of the way for the majority of the children which is another consideration in a Bischoff winter. What has become of the telegraph we have been so long patiently expecting to get 7 More than nine months have elapsed since Parliament approved of the extension of the line hither, and much as we need it nothing seems to have been done about it since. The old story of no wire" perhaps. Our township already boasts of a Mechanics' Institute in which concerts and other amateur performances are frequently hold, and a piano is about to be purchased for use at concerts, etc. We are now eagerly waiting for a copious downfall of rain, many of the works being suspended for want of water and consequently numbers of men have been discharged. vox. Waratah, March 20th, 1878.] ( 