, -Dogs and Ohojts. A GENTLEMAN named Romanes lias boon anxious to find out whether clogs are believers -in.ghosts and spiritualism, unci litis b'aeh'nih'liing 'experiments accordingly, with' results for a knowledge of whioh the world is indebted ;to the ,'.New. York , Times.' ?Mr. Romanes began his researches into these mysteries with a bone ; and'this, they says of him; " is alone sufficient to show the heartless and irreverent character of the man. .If tlifere 'IS anything which a dog ' holds as peculiarly sacred it is 'a, bono. A terrier will'submit to be deluded by false representations that tliore are eligible cnts in the coal-scuttle, or that the piano is full of nits, but he feels t'hat bones are too sucrcd to be made-the subject of jest." Sir. Romanes, however, took tho bone, and tied ronnd it a thin silken thread; and jdht aft the little Scotch terrier with 'which his investigations .were conduoted was in tho act of seizing it, his master Slowly drew it away. The poor dog regarded tho moving .bone with an' amazement whioh found expression m c»rect enrs and a'tail gradually thrust betweon his hind legs, and beoowring "convinced, an Mi*. Romauos supposes, that it was Lrafc tlio g'host of a bono, inoontently (led, howling dismally. On the wholo, tbo ' New York Times ' ton aiders that tho dog be!htived much mora ponsibly thiui many nion would have dono under a sieiilar boltof, " In all probability," the journal says, n had Mr. Romans? over seen a iiteoe of voast beef in tiro act of cruising unassisted found the tublo, ho would instantly have nuked it preposterous questions, nnd would subsequently have lot his hair grow .long, and Jiaye bocojno a coufuwod Spiritualist, Hifl j»ta]ligerit dog did iiojiq of those things, but as BOOH »« hn dnoidtfd » .» »l ~sc/l 7:' ft «.;-r 1 that he had seen ft epii'ftftiifl bone, -he refused' to hane any tiling more lo <1') Vith it, and continued . to wear 'his :hiv'ir of '*116 Tisiinl length, uud to tiling to thnt fiirfch in which he w;ts educated." Mr. Romanes was not .yet satisfied however. Tie took si |>i[>e, gut some soap a<id iviiti'i', ami Uiijiiu to blow lutlildes 'ifiong tlhe floor. It took Horn'!: tim-j to con vince the terrier that those .dry nothing.-* woi-e not a new kind of palfciMllarly dangerous j ?ttft.. Mit jjresteritlly heput his paw on one, and i of comw collapsed. . He tried a second and ' it likewise vanis'hed, and then, recollections j of the ghostly hone overwhelwing hini, ngitin he fled. Still Mr. Romanes Wits not satisfied, 'fife proceeded to " make faces "-at his victim, j and the grimaces he make wnl ti so liidecHisly ugly that We are told the dog mistook him for the won-it ghost ho had ever seen, ? where upo~i he crept under the sofa uiul tried to die. Liovei'ii'of dogs with sympathise with the poor little terrier; und if Mr. Romanes continues his investigations will hardly regret to hear , that he has had to deal ' with a larger dog which .pursuits a more spirited .pdlivy with regtrt'd to ghosts. . 