NEWS OF THE DAY. We learn that the Ohiel Secretary re ceived this morning the fall and dual report o t Mr Duncan, Inspector-general of Penal establishments, on the recent outbreak at the Jika Heformatory. The document is a lengthy one, end contains statements of which the Chief Secretary does not entirely approve. It is therefore intended to have the entire matter inquired into by a board, which will probably be appointed to-day. The prospeot of a stoppage of the Van Yean haB caused the rapid emptying of the freston reservoir, It was estimated on Saturday that about four dayB' supply was stored there. It would appear, however, the householders, fearing a short supply at once commenced to fill every available utensil at their disposal. The consequence of this is to intensify the evils which it was intended to alleviate, by causing the fonr days' supply to run out during to-day, The whole Gf tho water etored in the Preston reservoir having been ran oil, Melbourne and the suburbs will be without water fit for domcstio purposes. The officers at tho de. partment state that the run on the reservoir Saturday afternoon, yesterday, and this morning, has been nnpreoedented. The department hopes to have the Hume in its place by Wednesday, but competent authorities outside aver that it oannot be ready before the end of the wook. Iu another colnmn wo give further particu lars. In the Juries of Twelve Court to-day, Dr Orooko of Fitzroy aued Mr W, Howard Smith, onejof tho owners of tbo s.s, Cheviot, for injury sustained to his son's health dnring a passage of that steamer from Sydney to Melbourne at Christmas last, through bis having been turned out of his cabin to make room for a member of Cooper and Bailey'a circus company, and beon obliged to aleop upon tho deck, The following are the deliveries of wheat flour, and other produce, at tho Spenoer street station of the Victorian railways for tho week ending 16th March : — Wheat, 17,616 bags ; floor, 3149 bags ; barley, 1368 bags j oats, 1136 bags j bran and pollard, 947 bags ; peas, 266 bags i grass seeds, 38 bags, Total, 24,439 bags. Chaff, 9368 bags. The deliveries of wheat and flour, it will be Been, continue, even in spite of tho last few dayB' rain in tho country, largo, compared with tho same period iu 1877 | they are about double. Wo loam that it is probablo tho Govern ment will to-day consider the propriety of engaging Bir John Coode to report upon the best means for preventing floods ia the Upper Yarra, Tho matter has not yet been considered by tho Ministry, but it may be j brought before it ut the Oabiuuel: meeting j held this afternoon. That his services should be availed of there can, wo think, be no doubt. We understand it is tho intention of tiio j Liberal party to defray Mr Winder's exn j ponaes in the late political action, Already j several subscriptions have been received, | and there appears to be no doubt. .bat that | tho necessary amount will b:i made up. The Oheevers, Kennedy, Bent aud Kai.ru ford MinBtrels were anuouncod to make their firet appearance at St.Georga'a Hall to-night, but to--day we learn that the floods at Kohuca got at their wardrobes to some extent , and they were unable to get down. Consequently they will not appear until to-morro v even ing when they will positively mako their ap pearance. The caBO of the hawker Mosob, charged with criminal aaBault upon a girl named Parsons, was called on at tho Frahran Court this morning, Superintendent tlnre ap peared to prosecute, and Mr Futlartou for the defence, Tho latter applied for a post ponement uutil nest Monday, which was granted. The anniversary ball and supper in con nection with St. Patriok's Society are to be held this evening at St. Patrick's Hull. Preparations have been made for the accom modation of a large number of guests, A large number of visitors went through the Public Officos laBt week,- and tho general verdict is favorable. The officials are pleased on the whole with their new quarters, which aro splendid in com parison with those vacated at the Linda, Crown Law, Public Works, Mines, and Education departments, The only drawbaok noticeable on a visitor's inspection is the unsnitablenessof the old furniture and fit tings to the new locations. Tho Land Court in particular, looks quite dingy, although it is a most bountiful room, just behind the large-sized Boyal Arms in front of the build ing, The Public Offices will bo refurnished by degrees, a contract for £226 having just been entered upon, Eourke street on a Sunday evening has, for a long time past, on account of the scenes of rowdyism therein enaoted, been a scandal to tho city and a disgrace to the police authorities, who have, in the majority of cases, either been too supine or too weak to copo with the lawless ruffians who, for some hours on every Sunday night, take possession of the footpaths. On lust evening, just as the congregations had loft the various churches, and were promenading tho street in question, a dog fight was going on, the brutal scene being the centre of a mob of larrikinB, whose oaths and objurgations were something terrible to listen to. Higher up the street, and just about the seme hour, a woman of the town, almost in a state of nudity, aud mad from alcoholic poisoning, was shrieking and blaspheming at the top of her voico. On Police Constable Hutchinson attempting to arrest the woman, he and his comrades were beset by the crowd, one of whom assaulted Constable Holland, Eventually three captures were effected, and the prisoners were dealt with at the City Conrt to-day. Although the sports in connection with the celebration of St Patrick's Day had to be postponed on account of the inclement state of the weather, the concert of national musio given at the Town Hall in the evening induced a large number of persons to ven ture out, and the consequence waa that, the hall waB tolerably well filled, the attendance being much bettor than might havo been anticipated. T'bose who were present, how ever, bad no reason to regret their temerity in facing tbo wet damp night, for the conn cert was one of the best of its kind given in Melbourne for somo time. Signor Giorza, whoso performances on the grand organ aro in themselves well worth the expeuditure of not a littlo trouble to gaia the opportunity of listening to, mudo his re- appearance, and delighted bis audience by his masterly periurmnbee on the great instrument, although the effect was to somo extent marred by tho failing off in the pressure of the Ynn Yean, whereby the bellows aro worked. Mrs Cutter was in fine voice, and sang several ballads in a most pleasing manner, and Miss Pitts was also remarkably successful, Signor Kosnati was in good voice, and everyone knows how he can sing when this is the ones; and Mr W, K, Furlong rendered invaluable assistance in solos, dnotts, and quartettes, His duets The Moon has Baised her Lamp Above, Bung with.Signor Bosnati, was one of the gems of the evening. The andienee was very liberal in applauding, and evidently thoroughly enjoyed the excellent eonoert provided. As the weather was so unfavour able that many who wonld otherwise un doubtedly have been present conid not put in an appearance, a proposal to. give a concert of national music of a somewhat similar character on Saturday evening next is under consideration, the St. Patrick's Day sports having been postponed until Satur day. Messrs Cooper, Bailey, and Co., the oiicns proprietors, having chartered the ship' Golden Sea to convey their menagerie and effects on a lengthened tour, it is probable she will leave in a few days, on route to Auckland, being quite ready to proceed to sea. At the Distriot Police Court this morniag a butcher, oarrying on business at Ho. 2 Alfred place, Little Collins street, was charged with "causing to be carried through, a street within the city of Melbourne, to wit, Eourke street, certain oaroasses of meat in a cart, so constructed as that the rays of the sun and the rain and dUBt were allowed to fall on or roach said oaroasses of meat, contrary to the bye- law, oto." The offenco was proved, and the defendant was lined 20s and 2s 6d costs. . Mr Iuspeotor Baber, who was formely a sergeant in oharge of tho Beeohworth dis triot, and who recently recelved his promotion to the rank of an officer in the force, con ducted the prosecutions in the police oasos at the City Court this morning, About £14 in cash was stolon from the premises of Mrs Mary Howman, shopkeeper, 194 Chureh street, Richmond, early on Sunday morning laBt. Entrance was, as usual, obtained by forcing back the catoh of a window. Bnrglars and housebreakers are still oarry ing on their operations at Carlton, Mr Robert Laurance, residing at No. 21 Alma street, Carlton, has reported to the police that at about 2 o'clock on yesterday morniag a man, who can bo identified, attempted to enter hlB bonse by the side window, by removing the catch and raising the window. The robber was alarmed by the inmates of the bouse, and beat a retreat. An accident happened to Dr Bird, of Collins Btreet, thin morning, at the corner of Toorak road and Park street, South Yarra, The buggy in which tho dootor was being driven by bis conchtnan collided against a lamp poat, causing the breaking of ono of the axleB, The horBO took fright and plunged, causing tho animal to bolt. In the mad career of the horse three of the wheels of tho vehiole wero smaBhod to pieces, and the under . car riage was bent double, whilst tho hood of tho buggy was crushed like a piece of paper, Fortunately, although Dr Bird aud the driver were thrown out, neither of them sustained any very serious injury. The Warrnahibool Guardian announobs pesitively that Mr Hamill will be a candi date for tho seat about to be vacated by Bir James M'Oulloch. Recently a man named James Maloney suffered llto indignity of being " tarred " and assaulted at OroBBloy. On Taesdny last a man named Robert OhBpman, who had been arrested at Koroit, was charged with being implicated in the offence. Senior- constable Grey applied for a remand for eight days, on account of tho complainant, then in tho Belfast Hospital, boing too ill to appear. The application waa granted, bail j being allowed In two sureties of £50 eaoh, 1 and himself in £100, which not bsiug forthcoming, the accused was brought down aud lodged in the Jelfa6t gaol on tho fola lowing evening. According to the Ballarat Courier, a num ber ot the requisition forma asking Mr Bird, one of the members for Gretivillo, to resign, have been leturned to the secretary, aud h- nearly every diatriot they have been signed by k number of voters considerably in excess of those who votod for that gentleman at tho election. The returns from about half of the places in t he electorate have yet lobe received, and if the signatures from tlioBft localities are. proportionately equal in ou.-o- b«rtn those already returned, the mimb.u' required , largo as it iH, will bo obtained. In a certain uuinber of plnees, whore Mr Bird obtained 664 votes, 893 signatures havo alieady been obtained, although tbo num ber of voters on the roll is greatly re duced. A communication published in a late issue of tho New York Sun has the following in reference to n lady, whoso name has lately been very prominently mentioned in Mel bourne:— 11 Mies Alice Wren, an actress nnd vocalist of some repute, whose relatives live at Brooklyn, has returned home after an oxtended lour throngh Africa and the Aus tralian colonies. Miss Wren thinks that tho rumor of her being killed by tho savnges in Africa, which was p blished in the English aud American newspapers nearly n year ago, must have originated from a report sent lrom Port Elizabeth to Now Zealand, that her party was overdue, nnd consequently must have been destroyed, How the report sent by Baker arid Fnrron from New Zealand, that she had been killed by Madame Oora at Cnpe Town through jenloeey, conld have originated sho is unable to guesB." The Warnambool Guardian reports that tho rabbit . nuisauce has now. assumed such enormous proportions in different parts of the Western District that individual efforts tocheck the increase have become useless, and the aid of Parliament will havo to b9 resorted to with the view of legalising some moans to deal with the subject. In tho township of Morllake a meeting was held on Monday. laBt to consider the question, when tbe chairman gave as an illustration of the extent of tho evil that one proprietor in the locality had over 30,000 killed on bis estate without any apparent diminution iu their number, a plan suggested was the employ ment of skilled trappers, tho cost to be mot by a tax on acreage, and although the ex pense might possibly be somewhat high, it was thought better to take strong measures now, when it was possible to koep them down, ralher than wait till next year when probably tbe country wonld be overrun. "The meeting was adjourned for a fortnight to enable tbe land proprietors in the district to be communicated with. The children of a popular preacher of the GoBpel, who resides in tbo Goelong distriot, aro (according to the Advertiser) Baid to be receiving handsome dividends from mining shares, made a present to them when the stock were of little value in the markot, The mine is situated in tho Duuolly district, and has lately turned out trumps, the golden reef having been proved to be of considerable thickness and richness. Hopeful to the last, the preacher continued to pay calls, which were a seriouB drag on bis pnrao, bat now the reward of patienoe has oome in the shape of dividends of £200 per month, Dating the passage of the Llewellyn, s,, from Oooktown to Brisbano, Captain D, H. Owen made the following discovery, parti culars of which ho placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier : — " On coming to anchor at No. 2 Peroy Mand, on tho 4th inat., for shelter, we wore boarded by two men in a canoe from tho island, where they told us they bad lived for the past two years; aud inviting tho captain ashore, he ordered the boat to be lowered, and taking somo five passengers and myself ashore we were shown by the lands men a well which thoy had sunk at tho edge of a mnngrovo Bwamp, whore the tide ebbs and flows, making it convenient for a ship's boat to recoive fresh water without being curried. Wo also inspected the dwelling and n vegetable garden, which produces the best of every vegetable and fruit; and saw eom- thing like 100 goats and sheep, these parties telling us cbey wore in a position to supply veaaols calling In there with almost everything. After spending an hour in con versation with these parties, we retnrned to the vessel." The Geelong Advertiser writes : — At a moBt opportnne time — in the middle of the night— about 60 feet of a high briok wall abutting on Great Eyrie-street close toits in tersection with Yarra-street, fell down on Saturday. The wall has beon erected twenty- five or thirty years, and latterly has been gradually subsiding. The owner of tbe pro perty did nothing whatever to preserve the pnblic safety, and he wonld decidedly have been held blameable if the collapse of tho wall on 8atnrday night had resulted in lesB of life. If anyone had been passing along the footpath at the time the wall gave way they conld not have avoided being seriously, if not fatally, injured. Traffic on the footpath was suspended yesterday, owing to the obstrnotion offered by tbe debris. The Warrnambool Guardian remarks : — It is not unusual to refer to the amount of land bronght under cultivation in this diatriot as an evidence of tho increasing settlement of the country, but we have nothing here; so far as we can understand, to compare with tbe progress in that direction made by our noighbors in New Zealand. There, in the province of Otago; it is not un usual to meet with farms of over 4000 acres laid down with root or grain crops, and land is thoro leased on Buoh correct and reason- able principles as will ensure a proper rotation of crops. On ono of these farmB there was dnring last year no less than 2000 acres sown down in turnips, whioh followed an equal area, producing grain the year previous. Aooording the Plessunt Greek News, an occurrence, whioh at present bears a most mysterious aspect, was reported at the poiioe station between seven and eight o'clock on Thursday evening. A man, named Hnlla, who liveB near Cock's Blaughteryard, stated to Seniorecon8tablo Harty that tho same evening, while it was raining, a man came towards his hoiiae from the bush, having no other garment but a pair of trousers. Saying to Hails, " Have I tho legs and arms of a donkey V or wotde to that effeot, the singular being made off at a rapid pace in the direction of the Deep Lead, . Tho police have instituted inquiries, without, so far, meeting with any anooesB, It is thought that tho man mnst have been suffering from an attaek of delirinm tremens, Tho Goulburn Herald givss the following ghost story:— Lately there has beon some exoitement amongst the suporstitious, num bers of whom go off in parties, with guns, &o;,, to the range abovo Stewart's garden, where there ia an unfinished atone house. Here an apparition is said to mako its appearance in the form of a light, and to trpvel, sometimes very slowly, and frequently very quickly, from tho river bnnk just below, up to, and around tho houoo, then yarVar-ua tho performance by a rnn among til trees. This iB said to be kept up from an early hour in the evening until abaut three in the morning ; all endeavours to got near the light are said to prove futilo. On Monday evening a number of persons visited tho vicinity , and a group congregated on Ohuroh- bill to view the Hght, which it is eald waa plainly visible, though tho distance ia considerable. Tho residents of the Old Township and near tho range are satisfied that there is no practical joke about the allair, The Ballarat Courier reports that a re markably old married conplo wero admitted into tbo Benevolent Asylum on Saturday from Lextonshiro, where thoy had been living for a number of yenrB. The united ngoe of tho old people equal 172 years, tho husband being eighty.soven, nnd tho wife eighty. five, Although they aro incapacitated from work, thoy are both halo and hearty— so much so, in fact, that, on presenting thorn- selveB at the asylum, it was joCosoly enid that apparently thoy wore going to live as lngor. The shire counoillors had kindlyjsupported them for some time last, bnt. latterly it waa resnlvoil to makn ' J arrangements with tbo asylum committee tn pioouro their admission, and this was at la-t S 1 satisfactorily accomplished, i After the ordinary editions of Tni« I IlEItALD bad gone to prcsB on Saturday thn 1 Commit too of the St Patrick's Day' Feto 1 visited tho Friendly Kooieties' Gardens aud ll finding iiecoss to t.hem out off by the flood V decided to postpono tho fete and proeUDnin,,' till Satuiday next. Tliia decision was nn nonr.cet! in our Third Edition. ' Mrs Mary Gladstone, after a loug absonoa from _tbo Melbourne stage, mndo bor rou uppr.ilmice on Saturday at Mm Prtaoesa TbcNifc. She played Mary Queen 0f Soots to nn nudictica considering the state of n10 weather was exceedingly humorous, and Ws. certainly most cordial in its reception of thi« talented lady. Mro Gindatnne bus played Mary Stuart in Melbourne on prevlona occasions, and at all times to tho satisfaction of nil who care for the intelligent and cepnblo representation:; (of playa 0, tho higher order. Mrs Gfadstauo jg essentially an intolltgent and capable actress, and en Saturday evening she showed distinctly that iu neither respaot has she lost ground sinoo iter last appoarauco in Melbourne. Her return? tn the bunds of i|1Q Princess Theatre where some years oitrco oho Hchiovod some genuine successes, will bo bailed with satisfaction by all. 8hc wng well supported by Mr Dorney Ogden and tb0 other members of the comoany. This oven, ing, East Lynns with Mrs Gladatane at Lady jBabel will be produced. At the Academy of Music this ovoning a special performance will take place, (under ibo auspices of tbe committee of the Hiber nian Australian Catholic Benefit Society, and in connection with tho oelohrntion of St. Patriok's Day. Tho evergreen drama, the Colleen Bawn, is to bo produced, and is certainly sufficiently nntionnl for the occa sion, Most of tho characters will bo sus tained by amntenrs, but Mr Fred Thorna will be the Oorrigan, and Mrs Lewis the Eily O'Connor. Great preparations havo been mndo for tbo proper produotion of tha piece, At the Prince of Walca Opera Honse, this evening, the Hermit's Bell will bo repro. duoed, ar.d there will be tho additional attraction of the first and only nppoarnnce in Melbourne dnring this sonson, of Miss Minna Fisoher, who will undertake the role of Thibaut's wife. The 'Hermit's Bell is a charming little opera, abounding with most bewitching music, generally very simple bnt very effective. Boucicault's popular drama, Arrah na I Pogue, with Mr Charles Wheattcigh as Shaun, the Post, is (now being played at the Theatre Roynl, and is drnwing very goid bouses, Mr Whentletgh is an admirable exponent of 'the character he asnnmes, aud be is so well supported, and tbe drama so well put upon the stage that the performance ia an admirable one, and welt deserves the npplauce bestowed upon it by largo audienceB. Tbo drama will be repeated until farther notice. 