Breaking and Entering a Dwelling- House. John Edwards, John Wilson, and John Rush were charged at the East Maitland police court, -- on Friday, before Mr. William Eckford, J.P., with having broken into and entered the dwelling house of Samuel Wall, on the previous day, at Campbell's Hill. Constable Danshea deposed : Yesterday even- ing, at a quarter to 8 o'clock, I proceeded to Black Hill, near Lochinvar; I saw the three prisoners there, and asked them what they were doing there ; they said they were travelling ; I asked them where they came from ; they replied "from Sydney;" I noticed some egg shells about the place; the three persons were then given into my custody by Samuel Wall, on the charge of breaking and entering his house at Campbell's Hill toll bar; I asked the prisoners if they had any eggs , in their possession ; the prisoner Edwards re- plied that they had no b----y eggs there ; Mr Wall said, " I saw you with some in one of your hats when I was here a little while ago;" the prisoner Edwards said to him, "If you don't shut you b----y mouth, I'll knock your b----y teeth down your throat ;" they made no further reply, only saying it was b----y hot to be taken on a kit like this; there was a fire in the hut, and there were appearances as if cooking had been going on ; I searched all the prisoners, but found nothing on them to connect them with the charge. ---To prisoner Edwards: You resis- ted and refused to go without a conveyance, as you were tired; you used the words I have mentioned. Selina Wall deposed: I am the wife of Samuel Wall, and we live at the house formerly used as the toll bar at Campbell's Hill, West Maitland; between 10 and 11 o'clook yesterday morning I left my house and went to Maitland; I left no one in charge of the house ; I fastened the house up,--windows and doors, securely ; I returned about four o'clock, and then noticed the little window of the side room open, and the house door open; I went into the back room, and missed six eggs out of the safe; I had just purchased these eggs before leaving home, and put them into the safe; there is a broken pane of glass in the window, and anyone from the outside could put their hand in through it, and unfasten the bolt fastening of the window ; the front door would be opened by a person putting his hand through the window, and unfastening it; I placed a chair behind the door when I left the house ; it was in a different position on my return ; I do not know the prisoner; he is a perfect stranger to me ; in the room where I missed the eggs I found the floor all strewn over with straw that was in a case in the room ; there was no straw about when I left the house ; I missed nothing but the eggs ; the case where the straw was was nailed up, and on my return I found that one of the side boards had been forced out a little way ; I had purchased three dozen eggs, but only missed six ; I value the six at 4d John Page deposed : I know the three pri- soners; I saw two of them---Rush and Edwards \---yesterday at the toll bar house, and the other prisoner was on the road about twenty yards off, standing with the swags; I first saw Edwards go to the front and try the door ; he afterwards went to the other two prisoners on the road ; he left them and went to the front door again and tried to lift up the window; he then went to the back, and Rush followed him around there ; when I saw them go to the back, I went round towards the house, and when I got near they all cleared off ; they walked away at a smart pace, and were nearly out of sight when I got round ; I went round to the back, but saw no- thing disturbed ; I noticed that the front door, was slightly open; I afterwards gave information to Mr. Wall ; I saw the prisoners at the house at about 3 o'clock, and they were there for about ten minutes ; I saw Mr Wall at about 6 o'clock and I went with him, and the constable, to a hut near Lochinvar, and we found the three prisoners lying down ---To Edwards : I did not see you in Mrs Wall's house ; it was possible for any one passing to have opened tbe window; when Wall spoke to you, you told him to shut up his mouth or you would stiffen him; or something like that. \---To Rush : I did not see you go into the house; I saw you go to the back of the house; I saw the prisoners passing my house, coming from Maitland, before they went to Wall's. Samuel Wall was also examined. His evi- dence was similar to that given by the previous witness The prisoners were committed to take their trial at the next Circuit Court, to be holden in East Maitland on Tuesday, 15th October next, or at such other time and place as the Attorney General may appoint Tho Cunard steamer Russia has been 197 voyage« between Liverpool and the United States and has never met with on accident, although she has been . exposed to the severest storms. A Baltimore man baa been arrested for playing ghost by dancing around at night on the tops of houses in his night-shirt, his object being to depreciate property in his neighbourhood so that he could buy it in cheap. Mr. Sims Reoves has been giving an opinion on l the uso of stimulants, and declares that, hy long" experience, he finds it much better to do without thom entirely. Successful experiments have been made at Chester with a new form of Galling gun which fired 1000 rounds per minuto, being from 300 to 400 moro than any other such weapon. The shooting was also very accurate. In Brookfield, Mass., a barn took fire from matches igniting in tho pocket of a coat that waa left hanging on a peg where friction waa caused by tho coat swinging with tho breeze. «A It is said that Montana, with n population of sSç' 50,000, has not a business failure in a year. This circumstanco is said to bo due to tho custom of banging those who are unable to make satisfactory arrangements with creditors. Captain Coppin, who has contracted to raise the Vanguard, has sought for permission to raiso the Grosser Kurfürst. ' ¿ u 