FEW'S OF TEX DA 7. This is tho last day on which electors' rights can bo. taken out to entitle the holders to be placed on the new general rolls for tbo Legislative Assembly. Such persona as, al though eligible, are not yet upon anyelectoral roil, or who, it on thelast general roll, took out their electors' rights on or before 1st December, 1S77, must take ont new electors rights to-day, or tbey Will be six months longer before they will be able to exercise the franchise. Ju the present critical Biate of publio affairs it iB not only desirable, but ab solutely necessary that every Liberal should be in a position to vote at airy parliamentary election that may take place, and all should . assure themselves to-day that their names aro on the loll, or else take out rights. Kven householders, whose names should appear upon the rolls of ratepaying electors, should apply to the electoral registrar of their re- snective districts, and by inspection of the roils satisfy themselves that they have not been left off. as if so they will require to take out electors rights, and this must be done to-day or it will be too late. Sothing farther Lob transpired respecting the political situation, and whether it is the intciilion of tho Leuislativo Council to pass the Appropriation Bill in time for Parliament to bo prorogued during the present week is not known. The ostensible reason of the delay is that the Upper Chamber is auxions to make Bome important alterations in the Land Act Amendment Bill, which will require considerable time to conoider. Whatever labors tho Legislative Council propose to undertake, however, at this late period of the session for dealing with the Land Bill would be simply thrown away, as it is not tho intention of tho Government to make any further attempt to carry that measure, should it be so far amended as to necessitate its further consideration in the Assembly. Any interference with the main principles of tho bill will cause it to bo abandoned. There is no reason, therefore, why this should be made an exonse for hanging up tho Appropriation Bill. It is rumored , that although tho Legislative C'ounoil are not at alt anxious to undertake the responsibility of rejecting the Appropriation Bill, they will gladly avail themselvos of any means of postponing the third reading indelinitely. Should the Council bo inclined to pass the hill 011 Tuesday, Parliament will prorogue on Wednesday. If tbo Appropriation Bill is not passed the Legislative Assembly will adjourn from Wednesday until Friday, if it be arranged for tbo prorogation to take place on that day, or until the following Tues day. This morning the new system of delivery of the mailB, decided upon by the Post master-General, and described in detail in The Age a few days 6ince, will bo inaugu rated. Tho lirst delivery in the metropolis and tho suburbs will he one hour earlier than heretofore, and residents in the suburbs will in most eases receive correspondence at their homes in time for perusal before coming in to tbo city to their business. For snmo time past the pnblicana who have horaetronghs placed before their houses for watering the horses of passers-by have been trying to get from tbc Water Supply department a remission of tbo annual charge of .t'l per annum made for the water nsed. The present Commissioner of Publio Works has decided that ibe water-troughs allay much <:f tiie suffering that horses and oattle would have to endure in very hot weatbor Were there no meanB of slaking their tbirst, and therefore in tho interests of humanity, lie will direct that henceforth the charge shall be abolished. The Chief Secretary has decided that the Parliamentary trip down the Bay by II. II. U.S. olson shall take placo on Tlitira- day next. Invitation cards will be issued to-day, and elaborate arrangements will be made to provide for the excursionists a day's thorough enjoyment. The lie. Chas. Strong in bis sormon last night touched upon tho vexed question of opening tho Public Library on Suudnys, He remarked that it was all very well for those who had books and pleuty of week- day lei sure to animadvert upon the poor working man, who hail neither ; but that as tho pro gress of moral worth, which was the subject of the evouing, was felt, in tho same degree would such notions dio out. Mr. Strong rpoho very urgently upon the necessity of bearing one another's burdens, and so ad vancing the cause of truth and justice, and intimated that such a state of things could only be brought about by mutnal co-opera tion in matters of political and religious advancement. , Sovcral charges brought against the master of the Government steamer Pharos by the steward will bo tbo subject of investigation by a board that is to he appointed for that Eiirpose. The steward in the meantime hss een suspended. An ordinary meeting of the City Council will he held to-day, when consideration will be given to proposals to undertake a con siderable amount of work for street improve ments. A report from the health committee recommends that a conference of local me tropolitan authorities be held to tako into consideration what steps shall be taken with regard to the trusteeship of the new Mel bourne General Cemetery. Mr. A, K. .Smith has resigned bis position as represen tative of tho council in tlio conference re. jative to the Metropolitan Gas Act, and his successor will probably bo appointod. The pestilent condition of the water in tho Ynrrn consequent upon the discharge of filth into it has been complained of, and that subjoct also will probably bo discussed. The notice paper also contains refereueeto several other important mattere, including a notice of mo- lion by Or. Fenwick in reference to a bridge over the Yarra at , Spencer. street. The Government astrouomer reports : — The weather at tho beginning of Inst week was lino and pleasant, hut became dull and bnistcrnus on the £f>tb, with heavy squalls nt intervals and light rainshowere, moderat ing towards evening, and followed by a cool .S. and south-westerly breeze and fine weather, which lasted until the morning of the 29th, when a fresh northerly wind set in, aud it became very warm, with much dust, bnt changing again towards evening to a cool southerly breeze, lasting until the end of tho week! Tho highest temperature in the shade, SG.7 ; the lowest, 4.7. S. The highest reading of the barometer, 30.133 inches ; tho lowest, 29. .799 inches. Bain fell to the amount of 0.15 inches, making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year "5.10 inches, as compared with 22.4-1 inches during the same period in 1S77, or an average of 23.90 inehe3 for twenty years. The way in which collectors of rates may embezzle municipal funds and defy detection for a timo, although the auditors perform their duties most faithfully, was illustrated in the cose of the Saudridge rate collector, whose arrest was noticed in Saturday's issue. He had keen employed to collect the half cost of laying asphalts footpaths, and had been furnished with a book of proper printed rcceipto, hut a number of persons who pr.id wore content to take the collector's oivn receipt, written either on the back of the notice they had received or on a plain slip of paper. When auditing the accounts the auditors could only take notice of those blocks in tlio receipt book from which tho receipts had been torn, and they could not know that he had received any of the amounts for which thero were receipts left in the bonk. That was discovered when tbe town clerk made application for immediate pay- ment to all who appeared to have been defaulters, and they then produced the in formal receipts which they had foolishly taken, and so aided tho collector to embezzle the borough funds. Our Geelong correspondent writes: — Edward I'nrdne, the defaulting librarian, was brought before the polico court on Saturday and charged with having embezzled the following sums of money belonging to the Free Fuhlic Library : — £5 10s., a cheque due to Mr, .T. llobertson, which was given by prisoner to Mr. M. Treacoy, in payment of prisoner's own dishonored cbeque ; two sums of £7 10s. each, paid to him as rent by Messrs. Few and Siehlau ; two sums of £7 10s. and £5 2s. Cd. respectively, paid to him as rent by Mr. J. Traill ; and one sum of £5, paid to him as runt by Mr. J. Gardiner, the present librarian. The prisoner pleaded guilty to the general chargo of embezzlement, bnt stated that lie did not take the money with any felonious intent. Evidence on each charge was taken, and then tho prisoner was charged with having forged tho name of Mr, Caldwell, n clerk in the employ of Messrs. Huddart, Parker and Co., to a receipt for£l 15s. As all the evidence in this case was not obtainable, the prisoner was remanded until next Saturday. Although baffled for some timo in dis covering the perpetrators of the robberies from dwellings in the ouburhs, tho detee-"" tives at last have been enabled to do some thing which will probably put a stop to the systematic acts of housebreakiug apparently committed by one band. On Saturday, acting npon suspicions entertained, Detec tives Foster and Gonsidine proceeded to a bouse of ill-fame in Bouverie-streot, Carlton, which they searched by virtue of a warrant; aud they found a quantity of . jdtrellery secreted in the wall. Amongst the articles 'thus found were a valuable gokj watoh and gold chain, and in the frame of a lookingglass a quantity of jewellery was found. These articles vrero yesterday iden- tiffed as tho proceeds of Sivo cases o! breaking. The bonne in which those articles were found was kept by a woman msiacd Ada Cox, who was at one timo the lictcs»a of the Newmarket Hotel, EUzabot!i.Etrc»- This woman was at once ai rested on a char-'e of receiving stolen property. Three oih«r women, Maria M'Namara, "Matilda Grant and Elizabeth Walker, also resided inthj honse, and they too wero arrested. xi:e accused declined to say from whom they pur chased the stolen property. Annie Williams and Martha Norwood, two women well known to the police, 'wen locked up on Saturday on a chargo of steal, ing £190 from John Burns. It is stated that Burns, who is a trader in horses between India and Australia, visited the honse in habited by tho accused, and w'hilstthere thej stole nineteen £10 notes from him. Tho money has not been recovered. At two o'clock on Saturday morning a Sr» broke ont on tlio premises of Mr. John B-rt- lctfc, shoemaker, 15 Toorak-road Smith Yarra. Tho building was one story constructed of brick with wooden partitions inside, and was, with the stock and fnrni turo, totally destroyed. Mr. Bartlott states that when lie retired to rest on the previous evening at hslf-pnst eleven o'clock everv tbiug was apparently safe. He estimated" tho damage done at £500, and is inrmcd b" the Northern Insurance Company 'for £Zri) The drapery store of Mr. B. G. TolhrV separated from Harriett's premises by a right-of-way, was also .damaged bo'h by lire and water. The South Yar-s and Metropolitan Brigades were quickly in attendance, but tho arrival of the Trail, ran Brigade was considerably delayed in consequence of tho electrical bell not working Satisfactorily, and failing to give the alarm. Tho apparatus was erected by .Messm. Joseph Bros., who give the following explan ation: — With respect to the non-ringing of tbe Prahran fire-bell on Saturday morning, it maybe stated that the apparatus was loft bv as in perfect order, and to tho satisfaction o'i the authorities three weeks ago. Since then it appears that tho machine has been cased in, and it was ascertained on inspection that the mechanism had been disconnected and not afterwards properly adjusted, but left in such a state that in could not possibly work. A daring bnrglary was committed on Fri- day night at the drapery establishment cl Mr. Banks, Emerald-hill. The burglary was discovered early on Saturday tnornbr, when it was found that an entrance hsil been effected by opening the back door with skeleton keys. On au inspection of the stock being made it was ascertained that ' about £50 worth of clothing had been re moved. The property stolen consists chiei-y of tronsers and vests. Donald L. M 'Donald, who was sentenced ! at Hamilton to four years' imprisonment on ! a charge of assisting bis brother, who was . n prisoner of the Crown nt the time, r« escape, was brought to Melbourne on Satnr- day night, and was lodged in tho city watch- house. He will be token to Pentridec to day. The annual picnio of the representatives of tbe metropolitan daily press took placo en Saturday, tho rendezvous being the Malms, bury reservoir, permission to visit which had been kindly given by tbe Minister oi : Mines and Air. Eraser, the proprietor of tho ; surrounding land. The Commissioner of Bailwaya provided a special carriage for tho party, and tho weather being line a moot or.- ; joyable day was spent, the picnic being one of the most successful for many years past. M r. M. Burnett held his second public meet, ing at Saudridge on Saturday night, and fully : equalled tho previous gatherings. The pro- . cession surpassed the previous ono in the concourse of people following. Tho mass ! meeting at tho market reserve was presided : over by Mr. W. M.- IC. Yale, recently returned from England, who expressed km full sympathy' with the total abstainers in their well meant efforts. Mr. Burnett then addressed tho meeting, and gave a few speci mens of "twenty minutes with reformed drunkards," which the meeting fully appre- : ciated. At tho Town Hall meeting— C ain- cillor Burroughs presiding — an cuter toinmeut was provided, and brief addresses wero ; delivered by the Bov. J. IV. Crisp, Mr. Burnett, and Mr. ffm. Kclcber. Mr. Ren. j dell was the conductor, and the Mi-ses ; Crisp and Johnston, with Mr. Lowe, oontri- ; buted tbo songs and duets. The result oi Mr. Burnett's visit, so far, is that 17-'! hare signed tho pledge. Yesterday Mr. Burnett conducted a serviee and delivered an address from tire deck of tho s.s. Northnnikerlana on tbe Prodigal Son, illustrated from real life. At the cloze a collection was made on ' behalf of tho Sailors' Widows aud Orphans' Fund. A fine arts exhibition and sale of gifts, for the benefit of the Congregational Chrrrch at Brighton, was opened in 'the Artillery drill- room, Brighton, on . Satnrdav, at three o'clock p.m., by Mr. \V. J. Clarke, M.L.C. The exhibition includes valuable oil paintings, numbering amongst them some from foremost artists, and inany by the best amateurs in the colony, including copies from those in the art gallery, tho most noticeable being from . tho pencils of Miss Manton, Miss Browniow, Miss Browning, Miss J. G. Corbett, Mirs Jounings and others. The competitive ex. hibition includes a numerous display of pic tures in every branch, for which prizes were awarded as under :— 1st prize, oil painting, Miss J. llattray, Mrs. Hopkins, St. KihU Flowers— Senior division : First prize, llisi Jessie L. Evans; second, Mrs. .1. \V. . Blanch. Drawings in crayons, figures or animals— First senior division : Young lady amateur (local). Junior divisiou : Master Lempriore. Landscape— Senior division : Miss Tanner. Poncil drawing— Junior diyi. , aion : FirBt prize, Miss Goodall ; 9nd, Mini M'Dougall. Some splendid etchings were also exhibited, and called iortlr universal approbation. The ladies' stalls were stocked ; with useful and fancy articles in grist variety and value, a special piece of work being that of a Bereen by the Bov, J. Legge, which attracted great attention. Aspeonl . prizo was awarded to Miss Lizzie Lrienfcr llowors in water colors. Considerab.o atter. tiou was devoted to the produce stall, which contained amongst its exhibits a milch cow, pigs, rabbits, canaries aud groceries oi every , description. The lady stallkeepers are Mia. A. H. Jaok, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Stokes, Mrs. : Webb, Mrs. Thompson, Mrs. li. Jack, the Misses Monritz and the Miasos NewcorabEr. Tbo church choir, assisted by Mesdamei Pnrdno and Mortimer, rendered dnriog the ; evoning some very agreeable musio. In con- sequence of the sudden decease of the Ker. : J. Logge at midnight on Saturday, tbe bazaar will not bo re-opened until \7 ednti. day. , On Saturday evening the Rev. Charier ; Clark delivered hiB lecture on Lord ilacsa- : lay, in tbe Melbourne Town Hal), in the < presonoe of a large assemblage. Tho adorers ; was delivered with the olocutionary skill f for which Mr. Clark is so favorably known, every syllable being distinctly heard in the . most remote corner of the great hall, ff e . commenced with a brief reference to the ; difficulties with wbioh it has not uncom- ; monly been tbe lot of men of letters to j struggle, after whioh Mr. Clark gave an in- ;; teresting account of tbe infancy of tbegreM historian, entertaining the audience wi.a , a variety of anecdotes showing bis extrems g precocity and tho wonderful powers ot f; memory which he displayed. Passing on to the labors which formed the principal ocec" j pation of Macaulay's life, Mr. Clark at- ji scanted with much minuteness and grajiluo , power on the manner in which those Inuori ? were performed, tho stylo of life of the en tinguiihed author, and tbo peculiar cmmc toristic3 of his quaint personality. » B j passing in review the writings of Macaubji Mr. Clark gave his audience samples m -i those masterpieces of composition. Ibe i I.c- . turo conoluded with on eloquent peroration, | in which tho achievements of Mncaulsy re- ,, ceived a fitting tribute of enlogy. lhrs even. - ing Mr. Clark will lecture on Ghana | Dickens. i At the Princess's Theatre on Sntrrrday even- , ing a sensational drama, entitled tore j Christmas Eves or the murder at the u.o J Mill, was produced for tho first time, to" piece, aB may be gathered from its title, ri 1 one of those thrilling melodramas that a.s I frequently played at minor English thes.M. anil although much cannot be said for ms i work from a literary standpoint, it fulti'ton a tho purpose with whiclr it was appareaty l put on the stage by drawing a considerable 1 audience to the theatre. The plot is "to l flimsy and improbable character, and t | dialogno is not at all remarkable lor its ic a celleuce. . In the first act a foul murder" | committed by three ruffians, who manage s throw suspicion on an innocent man, w j tried and convicted, bnt escapes from priso ; In tho next act a second mn rdet takes p i , and yet another is perpetrated m tfceuur, | at the close of wliicli tho real cu.pri fess their misdeeds, and he ?T" \ faUelv accused dies with his mno ! established. The principal ana played by Mr. W. G. Carey. Mr. Pooto»£ Mrs. Tavares. Mr. Carey played JofltIj0 | lev, a yonn<? blacksmith, accused I murder of an old farmer, with an amoant ot | ,TOh manly vigor that found great favor ith the audience, and Mr. Poolo was not 1-s successful in the eerio-comio part of liimen. a professional petty larceniat ana Jccrional criminal of hifiher pretensions. Mr. Xavares had two characters entnistcd to her Lizzie Leigh, the betrothed of B_aw- i.r who becomes insano at his conviction, Ellen Stott, a village belle. In the farmer character ehe acted the mad scenes with almost painfully roalietio effect, and her MDcection of tho latter part was natural. Paring the third act a hitch occurred in lifting the scene, which Mr. lavares thought it necessary to apologise for after the piece was over. He also took tho oppor- tanitv of telling the audience that it was not hi, hilt that he had to fall back on such faeces as that they had just witnessed. He h»d tried London Assurance and Still W aters Pen Deep, and out of deference to the press he had withdrawn the Bushrangers and put en Othello, but the public would not respond, „ he hsd found to his cost. Therefore he shred what he found would draw. The farce of Turn Him Out, with Mr. Poole as VieJJeraus Nobbs, terminated tta porfor- pance. The monthly meeting of tho Musical Ar- Kitj' Society of Victoria was held on Satur ate evening, at the establishment of Messrs. Jficholson and Ascherberg, in Collins-street tut, the chair being occnpied by Mr. E, A. Jaeger. A paper on Taste in Musio was ' lead by Mr. J. 0. Broadley, who, comment- jo: upon the compositions of Haydn, Han del, Mozart and other composers of acknow ledged talent, eudeavored to formulate a recognised standard of taste in melody and harmony, pointing out that good composi tion did not consist exclusively in learned er emotional writing. Mr. Broadley con demned the bad taste as shown especially ju church mnaie, even as written by many lradiag musicians of tho presout day. His naper was attentively listened, to and was., well received. The musical portion of the evening's entertninfneut then followed. As i tin tea solo ' Mr. H. Stoneham played I fantasia on Scotch nira, by Brie- cialdi, with skill, the pianoforte ac companiment boing well rendered by Mr. tl.orge Peake. A quartette (in D minor, op. 25), by Pesca for piano, violin, viola and violoncello was played by Signor Zelman, and jleisrJ. H. Curtis, E. A. Jaeger and A. Mon- Uetic. The composition was interpreted by the performers with artistic effect. Mr. J. K Turner song Schubert's Wanderer with excellent expression and dramatic effect. A cuncertante by C. von Weber (in D flat, on, 22) for pianoforte and viola was played by Messrs. Otto Yngt and E. A. Jaeger. The number, ' which is full of brilliant melody, was charmingly rendered. It was announced that the meeting of the society stood ad journed until the last Saturday of January t:lt. Mr. H. J. Byron's old sensation drama, the L-.ccaslnro Lass, was resuscitated at the Tfieatre Royal on Saturday evening, and it pissed oil very successfully, reflecting oredit on the management, and r.ppareutly giving tmpinlitiod satisfaction to the large audience isjcmhltd to witness its revival. Miss Solange Navaro took the part of Rath Kirby, the Lancashire Lass, and although we have uen it performed in this city on previous occasions in a more dramatio style, sad with more feeling and sensitiveness, Miss Xavr.ro acquitted herself in a manner tint could not full to he effective and loccessful. Ml'. Appleton appeared . in tho character of Robert Redburu, the villain of the piece, and ho acted with spirit tad energy. Mr. (irevilla was quite at lomo as a Tarty by the name of Johnson. AsXed Clayton, the injured and persecuted tdrenturer, Mr. Vincent was capital. Some of the secnory was exceptionally good, and tho pier at Egrefnont, with novel scenic and mechanical effects by Messrs. Heiming?, Little and Johnson, was much ailmireii, and drew forth raptures of ap plause. To-night the Lancashire Lnsa is to bo repeated. The comic opera Lea Cloches do Corne- ville was repeated at the Academy of Music on Saturday evening to a full house, Lady Bowen and tho Misses Bowen being arnongBt the audience. The opera was well performed throughout. The American organ imported by Mr. Aarons has new been removed to near the stalls ontrance of the vestibule, and was performed upon by Mr. Charles Sykes on Saturday evening prior to tho commence ment of the opera, the benelicial change in position as regards sound being markedly appareut. As Lady Bowen passed through the vestibule on her way to her box, and when she left the thoatre, Mr. Charles Sykes played the national Creek air upbn the organ, a compliment which Lady Bowen gracefully acknowledged. At the Opera House on Saturday night the Lady of the Lake was repeated, and was received with the expressions of ap. proval elioited on previous occasions. The performance concluded with the higbly- umising comedy of a Bull in a China Shop, ia which Air. Okas. Wheatleigli appeared as Bagshot, and both in his make-up and in terpretation of the part was highly suc cessful. Professor Baldwin had another large house it the St. George's Hull on Saturday even- ing, when ho repeated some of his nstonish- iog and wonderful tricks. A committee, con- lilting of Dr. Rowan, Dr. Dobsou, Mr. Hood, the barrister, and a Mr. Atkins wa3 appointed to watch the details of tho per formance on behalf of the audienco, and they Were certainly very vigilant, but did not lucceed iu discovering the way in whioh the professor performed his feats. To-night there will he a change of programme, anil the wonderful clairvoyant seanco will be repeated. Mr. D'Arcy Read repeated his Ghost en. lertainmeut at the Athenaeum on Saturday evening, in the presence of a largo audience. There woo an c-ntiro change of programme, and some striking novelties wore introduced, iathe shape of three apparently living heads, whioh were intended to personify the past, present and future, and their fantaotic per- form&nccs; kept the house in roars of Uughter, 