NOTES OF TRAVEL NOTES ON JAPAN. Some years ago, when the Japanese Government pro posed to establish a National Museum, a foreign diplo matist suggested to them that their first care should be to collect specimens of the articles then in common use among the people ; for, lie added, if you continue to throw overboard everything distinctive in your national life in the way you are at present doing, there will soon be no traces of them left. In the same spirit we welcome the work before us as tending to keep alive a recollection of customs and beliefs which the Japanese of the present day are rapidly discarding. A comparison between Mr. Pfoundes's recently published Notes, and the works which appeared on Japan when the country was first ouened to trade, illustrates the vastneBS of the change which has come over the face of Japanese society. The first thing that attracted the notice of a traveller on landing in Japan fifteen or eighteen years ago was the habit common to all above the common rank of wearing swords ; but now armed men are rarely to be met with, and the elaborate rules connected with wearing the long and shoit swords or the single sword have almost passed into oblivion. In the same way, every visitor to Japan had tales to tell of the harakiri, or Happy Despatch, a mode of suicide which used to be common among disgraced officials and unsuccessful intriguers ; but now this method of avoiding the con tempt and sneers of successful rivals is frowned down by the Government, and, like duelling among our« selvee, has fallen under the ban of society. It was a revolting manner of committing suicide, and one which marked clearly an ethnical difference between the Japanese and the Chinese. The victim, sur rounded by his friends, seated himself with more or less state, according to circumstances, in the principal apartment of his house, and, having bared his stomach, took the knife presented to him and with it cut from right to left across his abdomen, and con tinued the gash upwards three inches. Sometimes a dexterous swordsman severed the head from the trunk the moment that the knife was plunged into the abdo men ; but under any circumstances the act was accompanied by ghastly disfigurement to the body. As such, it would be one peculiarly abhorrent to the Chinese. With them any mutilation of the person is considered a disgrace, and a slight upon the parents, from whom was received a perfect and entire body. Thus Chinese suicides scrupulously avoid committing any outrage on the person, and have recourse to strangulation, drowning, and poison, when they wish to 'shuffle off this mortal coil.' With them, again, there is a less acute sense of honour than among the Japanese, who, whatever their fail ings may be, are eminently a chivalrous people. To the latter the loss of life is a minor evil compared with official disgrace or social ruin ; and the instance of two high officials who not long since committed suicide by hara kiri because the advice they had tendered to the Government was not acted upon was by no means an uncommon one. In all Eastern countries where life is held cheap, suicide is com mon ; but in Japan, where a man who outlives a dis grace is looked upon as a coward, it prevails to an un usual extent. It is curious to observe how little Buddhism has done in Japan to check a reckless expenditure of life. And here, again, we find an antagonism between the Chinese and Japanese characters. Buddhism has always flourished in China ; in Japan it has not done more than exist. There is something in its dreamy mysticism and its exhortations to tranquil repose which is eminently suited to the Chinese cast of mind, and is equally repellent to the hot-headed, impulsive Japanese ; and thus during the recent reforms, when it was proposed to endow the Church of Buddha, no voice was found powerful enough to save it as a national institution. By an unopposed stroke of the pen its priests were reduced td a state of dependence on their congregations, and in some instances the images which adorned the temples were seized and melted down for the use of the Government. A more popular religion is that known as Shinto, or ' The Path of the Gods.' This is founded on the cosmogony of the Chinese, and has degenerated into an idolatrous worship of a vast number of historical personages to whom prayers are offered, but from whom only such benefits are expected as relate to the present life. With the letters and literature of China the Japanese borrowed also the views of the Creation current among the Chinese; but these they have adorned with legends so fanciful that it is easy to dis tinguish those portions which, they originally received from those of which they are the authors. The Chinese, after tracing the separation of the male and female principles of nature, affirmed boldly tnat the creation of man followed that of the earth, and there they left him. This is too prosaic for the Japanese, who believe, as related by Mr. Pfoundes, that our first parents on being put down on the earth started to make the circuit of it, the man turning to the left and the woman to the right. When they met on the other side the woman spoke the first words uttered upon earth. ' Oh, joy !' she exclaimed, ' to meet a lovely man.' ?? But the man was displeased that the woman spoke first, and insisted that the journey should be repeated, and when they again met the man said, ' Oh joy ! to meet a lovely woman.' Thus was the creation of man per fected. From this pair were descended a numerous progeny, among whom was a daughter named Tens hoko, who was 6O annoyed at the repeated misconduct of one of her brothers that she took refuge in the ' celestial cavern,' and rolled a stone to the mouth of the cave to secure her retreat. But the result of her self-inflicted imprisonment was to leave the world in complete darkness ; and in this emergency the eight hundred thousand gods procured from the country of perpetual day a number of ' continuously crowing cocks,' which were brought to the mouth of the cave.' From a famous mountain was brought also a tree, from the top branch of which were hung five hundred jewels, from the centre branch was suspended a star-shaped mirror, and from the Jower branch were hung green and white slips of paper. The gods now implored Tenshoko to show her face, but she turned a deaf ear to their entreaties, until, attracted by the noise of a dance which the assembled gods performed to entice her out, she gently moved the stone and looked forth. Instantly the ' strong-handed god ' rolled away the stone and drew her out, when once again light shone upon the earth, and the rotation of day and night was established for evermore. The superstitions current among the Japanese are as numerous and as widely spread as we should expect them to be among so imaginative a people. From the Chinese they have borrowed the prominent belief in the existence of demon foxes, which are sup posed to tempt people to ruin ; but the endless legends which describe badgers, otters, and other creatures, as assuming the farms of beautiful women to lure men into danger and difficulty, ar-? purely of Japanese origin. Such tales are to be met with by thousands, and are firmly believed in by the natives, who people the unseen world with hosts of monsters of every shape and hue. Inanimate objects also ara sometimes supposed to possess uncanny influences, notably trees, which have toe fatal power of attracting men to hang themselves from their branches. One such tree used to stand on the site of the present Foreign College at Yedo ; and it is related that a vendor of lamp-oil, on going Iks rounds on one occasion, felt an irresistible inclina tion to hang himself on it. A passer- by, however, persuaded him to continue his round, but on his return he was again attracted to the tree, when to his amazement he found another man suspended from its branches, and already dead. Ghost stories, of which Mr. Pfoundes gives several specimens, abound, but it iB as difficult in Japan as ia other countries to get a ghost story at first hand. Numbers of people may be found to vouch for appearances which have pre sented themselves to their friends ; but Mr. Pfoundes's informants have failed to produce a single instance in which the narrator describes his own experiences. Of the keenness of the edge of Japanese swords we have unfortunately had abundant evidence since the opening of the country to foreign trade. The murder of Mr. Richardson in 1861, the subsequent attack on the Legation, and the several street frays which have threatened to disturb our international relations, are so many incontestable proofs both ef the skill of Japanese swordsmen and of the metal of their weapons. As a badge of gentle condition, as a defence against foes, and as a remedy against dishonour, swords were — for it is necessary to speak of swords, as of most other national institutions in Japan, in the past tense — treated with the utmost respect and care. To touch another man's weapon was an insult, and to enter a friend's house with a sword on was a breach of courtesy. To draw a sword except whea, in the case of a blade of great value, the po-Bessor was asked to show it, was enough to give rise to its being called into immediate re quisition in defence of its owner ; and, when exhi bited as a curiosity, the weapon was not drawn to the point, unless the owner were pressed to do so, when, with many apologies, he bared the sword and held it away from the persons present. As cherished posses sions, it was the custom for men to give pet names to their blades, and rich met formed collections of weapons manufactured by celebrated makers. Mr. Pfoundes says that some swords were exhibited at the Exhibition atJTokio which dated from the ninth cen tury. The swords of another maker of the fourteenth century were of so keen an edge that they would, it was said, eut a sheet of paper floating on the stream if the sword weijp only held to meet it. But the possession of these weapons so frequently prompted their owners to test their quality on the persons of their fellow-citizens that the Government was at last compelled to forbid their being wom. In a country where soldierlike prowess commands the highest esteem of the citizens, and where a military caste lords it over the civilian population, literature never flourishes, and so in Japan there has always been a noticeable dearth of good authors. It is true that Japanese libraries are well filled, and this has led Mr. Pfoundes into the mistake of saying that 'the Japanese possess a copious literature;' but almost all the works of any value are reprints of Chinese publications. When first an intercourse sprang up between Japan and the mainland, the Japanese, who were probably ignorant even of letters, found the Chinese in possession of a rich literature, and, guided by the instinct which appears to be in herent in them of acquiring the maximum of know ledge with the minimum of labour to themselves, they adopted as their own the works which had taken the Chinese centuries of deep study and cultivated intelligence to produce, together with the characters in which they were written. Even with this example before them, which might, one would have thought, have acted as an incentive to native authors, nothing beyond a few historical works, encyclopaedias, novels, poems, and books of purely local interest, have proceeded from their pens. As writers of ephemeral literature they show some skill, but this is the sum of their literary qualifica tions. Mr. Pfoundes' e title is thoroughly descriptive of his book. It does not pretend to be more than a budget of notes, and therefore criticism on its style and arrangement would be'out of place ; many of his short chapters also contain valuable matter for collectors, of folklore, and in all of them there is sufficient informa tion on the habits, manners, beliefs, and superstitions of the Japanese to interest the general reader.— Saturday Review. A certain young gentleman went on a recent steam boat excursion. On his return he was asked if there was any swell on the ocean. He replied, with becom ing dignity ; ' Yes, when I got there there was.' 