Sunday in Hyde Park, Sydney. (From Vie Evening News ) Â oaso of an unoommon ohanoter oame be fcre Mr Hunt, at the Central Polioo Court, on Mondey A young man, a brioklayer by pro fession, atd respe cably dressed, named O mon Day, was ohargod with, hiving on Hyde Park, ott Sunday afternoon, given publie utteranoo to blasphemous and profane language The blas- phemy had reference to Christ's paternity, and I waa certainly most foul and offensive. The proseoutor was Mr. John VVoods, who deposed that the defendant, with several others, were congregated in the Park on Sunday n'temoon He wss passing at tho lime, and heard the do fondant uttering »he most blasphemous language relative to the paternity of Christ, besides the words constituting the charge He (vitnoss) did not wish to seo the defendant punished, but requested that bo and his followers, together with all religions sects, should bo excluded from propounding their various diofcrincs on the Park, and for this r.aaon lo 'ai given the ac- cused in charge The dofesdint almitted that he had used all the words cxeepting one word, and mo eovar, with that exoeptioo, oonscieu lioasly adhered to, and believe! all he had said to bo perfectly true' D^y ooarnoo c d in strong language, and in an excited manner, to prove the gronnd ef his peculiar b lof, but; ho WBB prevented from preoeoding. He read out a list of ntin-s of persons oonnco'ed with the F/o Thought Spiritualistio Progressive Sooiety Â 1 with one exception, r fused to bo sworn on the Bible, ont; select portions of which they affirmed that t' ey believed in, consequently the witness each made a declaration to speak truthfully Each and all dcolarod that Day had not mado use of the words as sta'ed in the ebargo, but said on receiving a traot from a preacher " All I know of Christ is that tho Bible tolls me ho is tho son of a ghost." Tbey all avorred that if ho had made use of the warda in question they would havç beard him. The defendant's employer, William Killy, who affirmed that bo did not bolitvo in the defendant's faith, gave him an excellent character, stating that be had always found him sober, truthful, honest, and indus trions Pioscou'or, being reoalled, adhered to his former evidence that the word " bloody," together with numerous other blasphemous aa'ertions oonoerrSi\g*"TÍhe Holy Ghost, wero vociferously u\tered by the soüused. -«In vindi oa'tion of thc,c'hargfi the defendant proceeded to deliver an address having reference" To the asscr tiona made use of by another park preacher, and his own refutations to the tame, which, however, the presiding magistrate refused further to hear. Doy then stated that the words mentioned by tho,'witnesses for the, defence wero the exact words he had given utteranoo to. Mr. Hunt ooeèideied that tbe defendant was guilty of profanity,'and ordered him to pay a fioe of £5, or in default three months' imprisonment. Notice of appeal was lodged 