MELBOURNE. (FKOlf OUS OWE CORKBSFOKDEKT.) Monday Evening. Meetings of tno Executive nnd .the Cabinet were held this afternoon, at whiclq. I understand, the- appointment of Exhibition Commissioners was considered, but that it was decided that the names of the gentlemen proposed to be appointed shonld not be announced until they had first been com municated with as to their willingness to act. I understand that Messrs Anderson and Green, of the Orient line of steamers, bad an interview with the hon. the Chief Secretary to-day upon the subject of the Cape route, hut that nothing defi nite was done in the matter. A number of the members of tbe Legislative Council held a private meeting this afternoon, for the purpose of considering the position of tbe Con stitution Reform Bill now before that Chamber, and I beard that it was almost tmsnimouglv re solved to proceed with the bill as rapidly as "pos sible. In the Court of Mines to-day, Mr Holroyd men tioned the case of Lang v Costin, in which, on 3Iet May, Judge Moles worth made a rule absolute colling upon the warden at Ballarat to state a case for the opinion of tbe court. Counsel said that the warden had stated a case ; auda copy having been sent to bim, he was prepared to argue it. It ap peared, however, that the case had net arrived at tbe Master's office, and, under these circumstances, he asked that the matter might stand over until Monday. His Honor consented to the postpone ment. A Government Gazette Extraordinary, issued this evening; contains a proclamation notifying that his Excellency has this day assented, in Her Majesty 's name, to an act to authorise the construction bv the State of a line of railway from South Yarra to Oakleigh, and is act to explain the Instruments and Securities Statute 1864. The telegrams of toe last few days seem to in dicate that Lord Beacoosfield has achieved as signal a victory in checking Russian aggression in Asia as he had previously done in curbing her pretensions in Europe, and the attempt of Russia to assail England's supremacy in India has proved as great e fiasco as her project to drive English commerce off theseas by American privateers. It seems that those mysterious military movements in Central Asia, abont which Mr Gladstone allowed himself to be so completely hoodwinked some eight years since by the wily Count Schou- valoff, had culminated in the organisation of an expeditionary force intended to occupy some part or other of the "neutral zone" between tbe frontier of India and that of Russia proper. But toe British Government was equal to the emergency; and toe announcement that Candahar, and even Herat, wonld be occupied for strategical purposes, if necessary, was quickly fol lowed by the intelligence that Russia bad aban doned her attempt, in deference to "British pro tests," and also in consequence of "disasters to the left column" of the expedition. It is extremely probable, I think, that " British protests," backed np by the threatened occu pation of Herat, had more to do with the Russians backing out than anything that might have happened to the "left cotau," of which a scapegoat seems to have been made. Herat, it may be mentioned, has been regarded in silages as tbe key to the overland high road from Europe to India, and was used as such by Alexander toe Great, Genghis Khan, and Tameriane. In recent times, Persia, acting as the cat's-paw of Rossis, has twice attempted to obtain possession of the place, and ta 1856 England hod to send on expedition up toe Persian. Golf, and take Bushire, in order to compel the Shah to abandon ins designs. It ia now to be hoped, however, that the ghost of Russian aggression- upon British India, is finally laid. The AffghanS) oven if disposed to - be hostile, have not yet forgotten the lesson taught them by General Bollock forty years ago ; and, with Herat occupied, as it eerily could be, by an. overwhelming British force,.all Russian efforts to reach the Indian frontier would prove absolutely futile. 