5\'EWS OF THE DAY. XVe understand that as regards the inferior officers recently removed from the Civi' service, they may expect re appointment as vacancies occur, but regarding tho liigher-9nlaricd officers, there is no intention of resemploying them. Meters Guthrie, Templetou, nnd several others, have applied for and, probably ac cepted the compensation provided for thorn under the Civil Service Act, Speculation is rifo as to who will be appointod Land Tax Commissioner in lieu of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. Rumour is busy with the names of more than one member of Parliament, but none of IhcBe could assume the doty until after tho expiration of six months, The nnmo of one of the Oouuty Court Judges has also been mentioned. To-morrow's Gazette will not coutain any further dismissals from the pubi c service. It is uot contemplated to proceed with any discharges except thoso roudertd necessary frcm time to timo iu carrying into etfoct the general retrenchment in tho Civil Sorvise which the Ministry is pledged to effect. It is rumored in certain well-informal cireleB that a majority of members of tho Legislative Council intend taking up the Bill for Payment of Members and passing it. The intention on their part is that in so doing — considering the result of tho late election for West Molbourno and the confusion induaed by the ex istence of tho crisis — thoy forfeit no principle nnd surrender nana o the rights they cla im to possoss, At the Bame time, they embarrass tha Governmen by their action, several Ministers, ns well ns independent members of the majority in the Assembly, having avowed that nothing short of the deglutition of Iho Appropriation Bill, payment of members included, will satisfy Hum. In Sydney tbero appears to bo a very uneasy feeling in refcrcnco to war prospects and the position that tho Australian colonies will be placed in in the ovent of a failure of the attempts to briDg about a proper under, ttnnding between the Great Powers, Our Sydney correspondent informs us by wire to- day that it is believed that Commodore BoEkins, tho officer iu charge of the Aus tralian squadron, hns received information and instructions of such a nature as have induced him to warn tho Government of Now South Wales to bo ready to guard against surprise. It would seem that the movements of the Russian und Italian squad., tons in the North Pacific have been of an ominous nature, and likely to indicate that a descent on tho Australian Colonies is con templated, In connection with this, it ia mentioned that some of tbo continental papers opposed to British interests have recently directed attention, in a very sig- nilieant manner, to tho enormous deposits in the Australian banks, Tbe question np- pesrs to ariee whether the despatches or telegrams alleged to have beon received by Commodoro Hoskius are later than the press telegrams nlready published, for the latter indicate n more pacific Btate of nffuirs than has been prevalent for some time past. Tho Cornier mentions that it is freely stated in Ballarnt that when the caucus of members of tho Legislative Council was held to decide on tlio scuding to Downing street a duplicate of the message to be presented to tho Governor, asking tho Secretary of Slate not to sanction tho signing of warrants for payment of money, by the Governor, until tho Council has beon henrd in reply to Mr Berry's minute, only £7 could be raised by thoBO present to pay for the telegram. It was tbcroforo resolved to havo tho account debited to tbo Govornmont, Contrary to genoral expectation the debate on tho resolutions submitted to the Assembly by tho Chief Bearotary was concluded last evening, and the motion was carried by 62 to 23, boing n majority of 29. It was intimated at tho General Sessions to-day that no appoal cases would bo taken boforo the 18th inst. Warrants have been grnntedfor tho arrests of throe bookmakers, who are charged with having committed a sories of outrages upon the hostess of a hotel in Bwanston street, and her barmaid, on Friday night last. Infor mations were Bworn by the lady and her scrvnnt this morning, nnd the cases will probably coma beforo the Oity Police Court lo-morrow. Mr Candler held an inquest at Fltzroy, on Tuesday last, on tho body of a newly- born infant, which was found near the Carlton Gardens on the 2nd inst. The medical evidonco was conoliisivo as to the child having been murdered by strnngulatioa, aud a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons at prosont unknown was returned by tho jury, George Jones, nn intelligent looking lad, aged 13 yoars, was brought before his Worship tho Mayor and a bonch of raagis. trutes, at tbo Oity Polico Court this morning, charged by Mr Duress, of the Industrial Schools department, with absconding from tho sehool, Tlio poor hoy is, according to tho evidonco, muoh to be pitiod. Born of a dissoluto womnn, his father being n conviotod mur derer, the child on his very entrance into the world wns confronted with vice nnd crime in their worst forms. Ho was brought up as a piok-pookot and was weaned on strong waters, At tho ago of seven years ho. was brought before tho City court, and was sent to the schools, whence ho absconded several times. Ultimately tire child was boarded out nt Emerald Hill, but his wretched mother meeting him, induced him to leave bis home and return with her to her hovel, in Stuart atreet, where Mr Duress fouud him yeelerduy. Tbe lad, on tbo application of A1r Duross, was sent to tho Reformatory till he reached, iris Buvouteouth year, Two littlo boys, named James M'Phcrsoa and Alfred Cox, were brought up this morning, at tbo Lfotham' Court, on a charge of damaging property in a Stale sehool, Quecnsberry Btrcet. Tho prisoners, in com pany with four otherB, managed to obtain access to tho school room, nnd there played up a variety of gnmes, including considerable damage to tho fittings, See. Tho ca90 was proved against tho two boys by somo of their com panions who were assisting in tho 'affair, and the bonch fined them eaoh 10s, with 15s damages, nnd 2a Gd costs; in default, seven days' imprisoument. The Molbourno correspondent of somo of the provincial journals write : — The soveral, stations in tho Murrumbidgeo district of Now; South Wales that have beon so long held by Messrs Wolsaly, 8.M. Gibbs, E, A. Wynne (of Ballarnt). and othefB, wero disposed of yesterday by private contract, the purchaser boing Mr J. O. Telford. . 1 am informed that tho price paid was £212,000. At the City Police Court this morning, Jaroos Quiulivan, an ex constable of police, lately stationed nt Molbourno, was charged on remand with deserting the force. The acoused.was fined £6, or 48 hours. There iB to be a meeting of tho Free Trado League this afternoon, but it is intimated that tho proceedings will be conducted pri vately, the representatives of tho press not being admitted, i The committee of tbo Ballarat Juvenile Industrial Exhibition have iaouod frosh cards of ndmisaion, tlio words " His Excel lency the Governor" have been substituted for " His Excellency tbo Administrator of of tho Government," the latter having been previously inserted in the tickets by mis take. The opening is to take place at 3 p.m. on Friday, the 15th inst., tho hour having been altered to Buit th() convonieuco of his Excellency tho Governor. The magistrates of Prabran held a meeting thio morning, aud decided on presenting an illuminated address to Mr Tompleton, in recognition of the efficiency nnd courtesy ho had manifested during his long oareor ns a stipendiary magistrate. The address ia to lie at tho Town Hall a few daya for the signature of the magistrates who wero not prosont at tho meeting. Similnrnddressesto Mr Temple- ton are in preparation by the magistrates of Richmond and Brighton, The half-yearly general meeting of the German Association of Victaria was held at their club room, Nisson's Oafa, last Tuesday evening, Tho balance shcot shows £1189 5s 3d on the credit eide. The following members were elected officers of the'socioty for the ensuing half- year : President, Mr Brahe, vice-president, Mr Wisoher; secre tary, Mr Nauhardt; treasnrer, Mr Enes; librarian, Mr Straubcl; medical adviser, Dr Bchieisoher, Tbe Ballarat Courier thinks that the following brief extract from a letter written by a gentleman who onee selected laud in Vic toria, but who iB now resident in Glasgow may prove interesting nt the present time : — " X do not think I hate any man , or body of men, not evon a Victorian squatter, but I do hate tbeir selfish and unscrupulous policy, nnd so I rejoice nt Mr Barry's success. I hope Liberalism, tinged with Protection — mind I Bay tinged, juBt tinged, with Protection— will nourish ; the first always, and tho last for a time'in Victoria." The Melbourne correspondent of tho Mary- borough Advertiser writes : — I observe that eomc clever American , of on inventive turn of mind, has lntely been exercising his ingenuity in devisiug n novel nnd n very curious kind of packet-book, an illustration nnd description of which aro givon in the Scientific American. It is a combination of a pocket-book, a cigar chbo, and a revolver. The illustration in the journal just named sbowB it in use ns a revolver. Tho invention is made of tho shape of a pocket-book, and to look at tho exterior frame, one would not magine that it contains a revolver, TbiB, however, is arranged in the interior, and is utinelied to tho frame, being eoparatod by a metallic partition from the folding pocket- book. Tbo trigger is made to swing down ward for firing, and can be bent upward into a groove secured by n catch when not in use. "When it is desired to use the revolver, a pull at the trigger mnkCB an opening in the Bide of the frame or case, through which to fire, nnd this iB closed ngnin by a hinged cap, Bhut by tbu action of tho trigger. Tha whole tiling ia evidently very ingeniously arranged, and tho Scientific American re marks with reference to it, that "tho advantage of Bitch a pocket article will bo readily perceived, as it forms a convenient mode of carrying a revolver for protection, especially when attacked, ns it can bo fired at a highwayman wheu handling tho pooket- book." American inventors seem to have been devoting a great deal of attention of late to the invention of " combinations," i.e. canitivanceB intended for many uses ; but this combined cigar case, pistol and pocket- book, seems to be one of tbo most curious, nnd, to Americans, one of tbo most useful of tho inventions iu this line which have yet been turned out. Tbe Ballarnt Stnr observes that there appears to bo a determination to tako some steps against Mr Longmoro for his attack ou the Bev.1V, Henderson, but what form tho proceedings arc likely to take we havo not heard. Tbo Gcelong Advertiser says that the members of tho Shiro Council of Oorio have determined npon calling for tendors, to be opened at next ordinary meeting, for all workB required during the year, with the view of having all the contracts finished before winter setB in. Last year tbis was fonnd very advantageous, giving employ ment to small farmers, who, after ploughing and Bowing, had timo and horses at their command, and were able to tender at a lower rate than would otherwise have boon the case. Residents at Gowio's Greek and Lovely BankB, parents especially, will be glad to learn that the approaches to the State schools are amongst the works contem plated, According to tho Bnllarat Oourior, th Government seem to recognise the fact thnt in Mr Gaunt thoy bud a valuable servant, On tbo day aftor his sudden dismissal Mr Gaunt received a lottor appointing him chairmnn of a board of enquiry, to bo held on Monday next at Buangor, into cortuinj charges of cruelty broughr, against a Stat, schoolmaster there. Naturally enough K ; Gaunt returned answer that when conns wore omployed in suoh cases it was usual io' fee them. A few days ago he received a substantial fee, nnd will therefore hold tho enquiry, Borne excitement has been canBcd daring tho InBt few ovonings, about dusk (reports the Ballarat Courier) by tho appoarnnco of a real live ghoBt iu Babnstopol street oast. It appears that an eccentric old lady, living in the locality, perambulates around in tho gloaming with n white Bheet around her person, and the result is a congregation eaoh evening of nn excited crowd of youths, who make night hideous in their attempts to scare the ghost, Tbo quiet inhabitants of tho neighborhood, however, object to this senBntion, and are, wo understand, dotormined. to rid thomsclves of the ghost or her followers aB soon ns possible. Wo (Ballarat Stnr) wore on Wednesday informed by a medical gontlcmnn that thoro nro sovcral ciisoh of English cliolora of n very pronouueed typo now being treated iu Bal- Inrat. Tho fact should place families on their guard against the uso of unripo fruit and impure wator, nnd allowing offensive matter to accumulate about tbeir pramisos. Tho Bcndigo Advertiser understands that tho letter-carriers of Sandhurst have mado application to tho PoslmnstoreGouoral for a grant of Ihe same boon ab has beon conceded to llicir brethren of the metropolis— tho Saturday's quurtorlioUday. This Inrd- worked branch of the loan! postal service is no doubt woll-desorving of the slight con cession of a quarter day in the week particularly if it will not interfere with the' business relations of our commercial com. 'mnuily. It is to be trusted that the PcstraaEter-Genernl, now that the innovation ban proved a success in Melbourne, will gran t tho prayor of our local postmen, ami allow tbcm the boou ou our local half, holiday — Wednesday. Mi'sb Blancho Stammers (Mrs Arthur Gamer), wbo mndo herself a favorite at the Mclbourno Thontro Royal, has appeared iu London nt an afternoon performance iu the Globe Thentrc, Her noting as Miss Hard- castle, in She Stoops to Oonquer, met with high praise, and sbo is regarded aB a vuluHbla acquisition to the London stage. Mr Garner is nt tho same theatre,' Mi93 Alice May >ns achieved quite a hit nt the London Opri Comique in Gilbert and Sul livan's o"< ':n of tho Sorcerer, MFri Byfiomomc. i tho name of Dr L, L. Smith was introduced in1, vhepussftjjulistof tho atcumer l'amar which Kiiilcd 'i..' Lauuceston yes'orduy. This was at( error, for Dr Smith never intended to jjo to Tasmania Jt in necessary toata o, however, that tho fault does not rest with tho ncwspapeis for tho iiamo was cer tainly on thollss. 