' ; MXCBETH;:. ; ; Mr. Thomas; Kenny, a clpver essay-. ; ist, and who has written most ably on, , the subject of "Macbeth," character ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime antl terror relieved by the most mag- nificent imaginative expression," yet marked with great simplicity of general design. The date of the pi o luciion of the piece is set by Furiiival at 1605-6, and "we may take it fir granted," says Kenny, "that it was written in, the time of James the First, who ascended the throne March, 1603, as it contains an evident allusion to that monarch in act iv. scene i, and also a comirlimentary reference to him in an other part. The material for the play 1 was found by Shakespea re in Hoi in-: , shed's History of Scotland, where the'- story of Macbeth is told at 5age"l68:"-. The Macbeth and Diincan are. repre- ' sented to have been cousins4;.;the, first y a valiant gentleman hut of cruel dispo sition, and the latter|.", so soft,- and I gentle in his nature that Uie . people,: wished thfe. inclination and niahners,, of the two toliavtt, heenVso, Icmiieretl 'arid ' , interchang-i.ahiy' siiaied betwi.xt' them - that wherc' tliG lon'c ihad vtoo .much of clemency and the other of icruolty, the.'' I main vlrtiie between these, Uvo,,e.\tre- mitics. miight.have reigned . liy indjlTerr . ' eht p.artitioh ih 'them hbtlf. The jilay all along. keeirs close, to, the line, of Holin'shed, yai-ying!frpm it in ..scarcely I any particular except in the noh- appcarance in .lhe h.anquct scene of the murdered Banquo's ghost." > This tragedy has been presented in Melbourne we belieye oftencr than any ' other of Sliake.speare's works. The late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, Clmrles Vincent' in their lime essayed ' the part, and we have had other repre- senlativcs, from lire burly McKean Buchanan and Jamc-s Ander.soii to' the' little dapper J. B. I-Iowc. But few J artists have made their ' Melb'ourne debut in the rule, of the Thane , of Quw- > dor. Of those who have, we 'now call ) to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, .at the The atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles Poole' suppohing bin; as'l'XflrZy S ; both, Mr. HeSiiy .Edwards-as MrtbrZw//; . Mrs. Winterhottom- as Maleolm,' and / the principal singing witches were Mrs. \ Hancock and the late Julia Matthews, r Previous ta that, on Aug. 25, 1858, at J the same theatre, there burst- iip'on the \ theatrical ..firmament an , Australian ( Roscitis, Master Edward Pole, y aged ) 14\. He also played the part, which as k a feat of memory was e.xtremely won- f derful. . This gentleman has long left J the stage and hecome a " family man,'' ' and now follows the pro.saic business f of a thriving, paperhanger. 1 At the time of the "Ghost" sensa- \ tion in Melbourne, in 1S63, this tragedy ( was revived to he 3roduced with " Pep- J pcr's ghost effects," wliich were an- \ iiounced as "combining the real \yith ( the idc.a), the .scientific , and the pocti- J cal, the positive and the illusory," with x thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- f market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when i under the management of the late f James Simmonds. The part of Mae- ( heth was alternately played by Messrs. \ R. Younge and Henry Edwards, the Lady Macbeth was by the late charm- ( ing Annie Lockhart. \ It was in the part of the " Thane's \ guilty wife" tliat Miss Goddard (Mrs.: f Capel) made her bow before a Mel- ) bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, ' August 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke ( appearing as 'yiaebeth. 1 Tlie Opra of " Macbeth," by Verdi, j has been presented iit Mclhoumc by ( two different com)3anicB at an interval J of twelve years. The- first production was at tlie Theatre Royal, September f 8, 18 ,0, with the Bianclii Opera t-om- ) prny. Sigiiora Bianchi uiideftook the miisic of Lady MfleZirf//,Signor Bianchi ( MircvZw/ZvEmile Couloir McH-'Tiei/i-, John ) , Gregg Jianquo, Walter Slierwin - MaZ- ' dnhu. and Mr. John . Winterhottom was p conductor of the orchestra. The se- » coiid time the Opera was revived was ' at the 'Princess's Theatre', under Messrs. ? W. S. Lyster and Oagli. The title i i-Sle (Macbeth) was allotted to Signer ( Tournerie, Maeduff to Sigiior Leandro Coy, Danquo to .Signer Dondi, Mai- > coliu to .Signor Beiiso, to ( Sigiior Favas, Gentleivomau to-Signora ) Tournerie, and Lady Macbeth to Sig- \ nora-Zenoni. . ( \ 1. ; 