ZIGZAG PAPERS. Z. “Yes, write as you like, for I do not care what your opinions are, but you must respect the laws of decency and of libel.”—ED. Star. “Right, O wise man. I will be reverent of the laws.”—Z. .The secretary of the Mechanics’ Institute has con* vinced me of .sin. But how absolute the knave lit Things have been and are correct! Now, as to tha Qeelong Advertiser, I drew the attention of a member of to it at the time, and he was as unable as I to explain. Of course, there might have been nothing in it • But I am convinced of sin, and am on my knees before the secretary and the committee I referred to the files of the Stawell papers, and lost sight of the desks, a palpable and avoidable blunder, tor which I apologise unreservedly. In the anguish of my humiliation I have only the consola. hon of knowing that, as the cynical but veracious Frenchman saw so clearly, our torts and misfortunes are a pleasure to our friends. . It. is also a consola tion to think, and to state here, that the Mechanics’ reading-room is now, on the whole well served. The art union trouble is over, and the* time of the chronic invisibility of the secretary has passed away with the heaps of tardily opened country papers on a side table, ' Gentlemen of the committee and Mr Secretary, I am now rising from my knees and am coming up smiling again; human nature is so depraved. The foxes have holes and the birds of the air have nests, but the Bishop of Rome and the Archbishop of Canterbury have only the Vatican and Lambeth Palace to .lay their , heads in. And the Bishops of Ballarat are worse off than that. But what a comfort it is to think that Ballarat can at least provide rain-proof houses for its bishops now. The days of tents, and shingles, and bough-roofed tabernacles are no more. ’ I have not seen the interior of Bishop O’Connor’s gloomy-look ing palace, but it is said to be a place of comfort. So it ought to be. Yesterday I went with the crowd to Strathalbyn House, where Bishop Thornton is to hang up his pastoral crook when at leisure. It is a bright, cheerful place, and has eight or nine acres of ground, well garnished with flowers, shrubs, orchards, lawns,. with Lake Wendonree at hand, as the beat substitute available here for the waters over which the bishop’s apostolic ancestors plied their honest craft. _ The original money-changer who built and inhabited Strathalbyn was chased out by the gods years ago, and a pastoral tenant succeeded, sign, they say, of a' flight of some half-score thousand or so of the money-changer’s pounds into the intan. gible. Now a pastoral tenant of another kind comes .in, fresh from the roses and hawthorns and green grass and humid skies of old England. May he rest in peace for many years, and scent the manifold odors of flowers and success 1 Heaven knows Ido not envy him. It .must be terrible hard work to be a bishop these times, notably to be an Anglican one, and by excellence here in this place and age of democracy, and secularism, and voluntaryism, and want of faith or life. For absolutism and power a Roman is to an Anglican' as the deadly sixteen-pace whisky to milk and water, and yet it is a fight with the absolutists. How then must it be with the others ? No, I would not be a bishop. , I bring ' you a wreath of bay, with spring-swollen buds lighting up the sober classic green rtfUfths leaves, Mr Mayor of Ballarat East. Sweeter" ro me than your. multitudinous lollies is what I read of your ordering the idle, loafing larrikins out of the police court. Long may you'live, Mr Long, to set so good an example to the other magistrates of the colony. - As an old frequenter of the courts I know what sad scenes are to be seen there, what horrible sights and sounds, what fearful moral ulcers ate ex posed to view, what beastly vices stand pilloried there, and how the young impressionable minds that come within range of such things may be touched with a blight mure deadly than the tree under whose shade I have seen so .many Zuleikas die to the divine music of Meyerbeer. You have done a good work, Mr Mayor, and I make you one of my best bows, as I respectfully offer you this sprig from my garden, breathing upon its buds and leaves the prayer that your old age may be as green as its leaves, and your memory fragrant as its Attic associations. Amongst the bits of picturesque Ballarat I like that visible in Lydiard street north, on the south side, near Mr Nicol’s residence. The undulations in the street line give a long view both north and south, beneath the overhanging boughs of the pines and gums, stretching down southward to business and life, and northward, to the city of the dead, whose white memorials gleam like ghosts amid the distant masses of many-tinted green foliage. Here and there, from garden fronts, glow golden fires of yellow broom, to which echo, in paler flames, the clouds of wattle blossom that occur in irregular distances outside the' street alignment. The wattle is faded now, but. the broom is bright, and the sombre hues of pine and gum remain, as do the far-away tombs that stand, like pale sentries, peering through the narrow avenues, and watching the city for the next silent ones to issue forth from the noise and bustle on the northward march to quiet and rest. It is a long march. for the living, but the dead, per chance, take no heed of it, and they pass oyer it incessantly. Many, more will go that way in silence, I fear, before the road is made what the would like it to be, for there is a reach of no man's land between the city boundary and the cemetery which is as rough as if it were set apart for unpurged souls to go. in purgatorial pains before entrance to the paradise of rest. I suppbse.the'time will come when the whole distance will be lined with trees, and road and paths made easy to tfaei traveller. Alas ! I a® much in want of faith ahdlhbpe touching so desirable a consummation being possible in my time. 