PAPER MONEY, The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, in a lecture on ' Hard Times," delivered at San Francisco recently incideutally touched on paper money aud its re sults. As the issues of unconvertible Government promises-to-pay has found advocates in Victoria, it may not be out of place to put Mr. Beecher's re marks before our readers. In bis lecture, dealing with the United States Government at the time of the civil war, Mi. Beecher says : — The Government did not pay in gold, a9 it had no gold. But it had paper. This paper represented gold. But unless it could be instantly converted into gold, it was not worth what it pretended to represent. When the Government began to pour out its promises to pay, they began to fall, and fell still lower, as many in the South, the Copper heads of the North, and the Union's adversaries across the Atlantic, began to cry oat that the Go vernment conld never pay. At last it took 283 dols. in paper to bay 100 dols. in gold. Paper was worth one-third as much as gold. The effect of this in flation was most disastrous, both financially and morally. If a man. got one dollar per day before the war and three dollars a day after the war, he. thought he was doing three times as well. But when he tried the purchasing power of three dol- lais, he found that everything had gone up, and that three dollars would buy no more than his one dollar previously. Everybody measuring their wealth by paper, deceived themselves into believ ing that they were worth three times as much as they really were.' The unit of value was changed which is one of the most disastrous thinge that can happen to a country. It demoralises men. It made them think that they had become suddenly rich, and nothing is more injurious to a man than sud den riches. There never was a time when, for twice the wages, so little work was done by the labouring, men of the East as during and after the war. Men were demoralised by double wages, and they have not yet recovered. But there were compensations. This sliding value of the paper money favoured speculation, tempting men to go outside of busi ness and enter into great enterprises. Ilad it not been for this paper the Pacific Railroad would never have been built. Communication with the East would still be by the Isthums and Cape Horn had there not been money enough, and to spare, turned out by the printing presses of the Govern ment. Similar enterprises were started all over . the country. Illinois became a gridiron of rail roads. New cottou mills and other manufactories wers built, But it was the enormous increase in railroading that became at last the great disturb? ing force that brought on the panic in 1873. Rail roads are built .by a board of directors, five or. six of whom form a ring and make the contracts. Thp roads cost about three times as much as they have any right to do ; and if these five or six men do not know where the money goes, the Lord does. These men issue stock, which ia only a foundation for first, second, and third mortgage bonds, that are to pay seven and eight per cent, interest. These bonds arc pat upon the market, and those whe have a few hundred dollars drawing at six per cent, interest, think that ten per cent, in gold is much better, aud buy railroad bonds. Interest is paid once or twice and then stop3. With it stops. ' income. With no income people cannot bay. When people caunot buy trade must stop. It has been ascertained that there are two thousand'milloas of- dollars in railroad bonds that are not paying inter est. They have been bought by honest people mostly, and represented hard earnings. Executors, guardians, parents, persons holding eleemosynary trusts have put money into these bonds because they thought them safe. All at once they became, worthless. They might as well have sank two million dollars in the sea. When Jay Qooke failed, in Philadelphia, the banks that had been propping np other railroad schemes, finding that tbe North ern Pacific had collapsed; withdrew their sup'vWr and said that all must pay or go to the walL Ptjuea. corporation after corporation fell with a crash, and that is what brought the crisis upon the country. Then there naturally followed a period of contrac tion. A story it ,told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the publio- house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way horns. " Wha are you ?" said the guid man, as the ap parition rose before him from behind a bush. " I am Auld Nick," was the reply. " Gotne awa, man," said John, nothing daunted, "gie's a shake o'your hand. I am married to a siatir o' yours." < A writer in Moords Rural has never known butter-milk, " poured on during warm days, to fail to cure a pig of .' black scurf,' even when the disease was of so long duration that the ani- . uiui o uauR was raw witn soies. Mr. Win. Saunders, Superintendent of the Agricultural Grounds at Washington, says he has" been experimenting a long time to try to prevent blight, and whether or not he has an infallible remedy he is unable to determine— he only knowB that for ten years he has painted or washed apple and pear trees once or tv/ice a year with a lime whitewash strongly impregnated with sulphur, and such trees have thus far es caped the blight, though it has appeared in the adjacent orchards. ' ' The reply of the Aneer of Afghanistan to the Sultan, urging him to conclude amicable arrange ments with England is couched in unfriendly rin8, "Iho present aspect of affairs between Great Britain and the Aneer is, consequently, unchanged. We have no hesitation in affirming that there | is about tha Warrego country the nucleus of as | desperate a gang as ever disturbed the colony ; J.. and if prompt steps are not taken by both > Governments to nip the organization in the bud, j there will be a repetition of the Morgan and Ben -Hall days, when valuable lives and large sums will have to be sacrificed to rectify a present al most criminal supineness. — Barmon Argue . We ( Courier ) are assured, on the authority of a gentleman having an intimate knowledge Of Peterson s affairs, that the amount fraudulently obtained by him, especially the sum raised on fictitious deeds, is not so large as was first re ported, and probably does not exceed £2000 al together. No money whatever has been obtained by him in an improper manner, nor has he mis- appropriated any funds as an executor or adr uiinistrator of estates of deceased persons. It is denied that lie ever 6old arij property in South Brisbane more than once to widows or hard-working men, as it has been . reported he did \ or that he added horse-stealing to his other delinquincies, as the animal he rode in trying to effect his escape . was his own buggv horse. Mr, John Grantham states in' the British Medical Journal that in casesof whooping-cough in the last Btage — that is, after the third week- he has had one ounce of the strongest liquid ammonia put into a gallon of boiling water in a pan, and the steam kept up by means of' half a brick made red-hot throughout and put into the boUing water containing the ammonia, the pan being placed in the centre of a room, into which the patients were brought sb the ammoniated steam was passing off. This method was used in the evening just before bed-time ; and it lias been so efficacious he says, in abating the spas- modic attack, and after three or four days ter minating the malady, that he cannot over esti mate the value of this 'mode of inhaling the ammonia as a therapeutic agent in tranquilising the nervous 6ystein in whooping cough. The Cologne Gazette gives the following ac count of the earthquake of Monday, August 24, as observed in that city " This morning the inhabitants of our city were thrown into the greatest fright and anxiety by an . earthquake passing from west to east. About three minutes to 9 a.m. a shaking and rising and falling of the ground, after the fashion of waves, began to be felt, and increased more and more until build ings rocked to and fro in a formidable manner. Tables, chairs, beds, stoves, &c.;, set up a dancing movement, which became so strong and tremu lous that figures and ornaments resting upon them were, knocked against one another and thrown down. We have been informed that in several houses stoves and other heavy objects were thrown to the ground, and that persons sitting on chairs or leaning on tables were raised witli force and then thrown down. Several per sons declare that they felt as if an electric cur rent were passing through their legs, and as if the earth were withdrawn from under their feet, and a sudden giddiness came over them. In several houses the door bells were set ringing, and the small bell in the cathedral, was rung several times. In some placeB the pendulums of the clocks ceased to beat. Towards the end of the vibration, which lasted about seven or eight seconds, there was heard a dull Bound like the roll of distant thunder. After the first shock every one rushed out into the streets, but here one was in danger from falling roof tiles and chimney pots. Unfortunately a woman, carry ing a child, was passing in the Weicliserhof- street just as two chimneys were falling. One of them struck her, injuring her so severely that ehe died almost immediately. The people who were engaged at their devotions in the church of St. Gereon were so frightened at seeing the pillars suddenly beginning to sway about that they all rushed out of the church into the open air. : We are further informed that in all parts of the city greater or less damage has been done by falling chimney stacks ; in some houses the ceilings have been quite loosened, in others stucco-work, lamps, bells, &c.;, have tumbled down. Many persons also saw, after the move ment had quite subsided, that walls or aches of their houses were cracked, or that the back wall or front wall respectively had become detached from the rest of the building. I11 some places women who happened to be in upper stories, where, of course, the rocking was most sensible, were so frightened that they went to throw themselves out of the window, and were only saved by the sudden cessation of the motion. One woman passing in the 6treetattlietime was so bewildered and excited by . the earthquake that she lost all recollection of where she was, and had to he taken home in a coach. Several persons with whom we have spoke assure us that soon after the first series of shocks there was a second but much lighter one. There was another (a third) shock at 11.10 a.m., which was not equal to the first either in severity or dura tion. It may be remarked that no fall of the barometer was observed to follow the earth quake." A letter from Deutz (on the opposite side of the Rhine) says : — " The ground rocked like waves under my feet, and the impression made was exactly as if one was standing on a ship which was being rocked very much by the fiea. Clocks attached to the walls stopped go ing." An interesting observation was made in the neighbourhood of Muhlheim on the Rhine : —" A very distant curl was seen to cross the river obliquely, from S.S.W. totvards N.N.E., quite undisturbed by the current, while at the fiatne time a deep roar of the water was heard. Even still (the afternoon of August 27) there is iin audible rattling of the panes of glass, and domestic utensils, if close together, knock against one another, while a dull, rolling sound is heard." Misa'olez, a town in Hungary was completely devastated by a storm on I'riday night. One thousand houses were destroyed ; 400 dead bodies have been Recovered, and 200 are still missing. Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown ap plies particularly, one might think, to the King of Siam, who has, or had, 600 commissioned wives and 2400 wives by brevet,- al! of them living in one vast palace at Bangkok. Most men \- would rather relinquish all power and royal au thority than be quite 60 much married ; but, we presume, the polygamous sovereign has got ac- customed to .his super-abundant connubiality. He is said to be an amiable and enlightened Prince, and to be sufficiently advanced not :to grieve over the recent' death of the white ele phant, a -sacred beast among the Buddhists. He - probably thinks his 3000 wives elephants enough for him without concerning himself about the Actual quadruped. He must be amiable, surely, to get on smoothly, as he is said to do, with 5000 'women, all of whom are reputed to esteem nnd -like Id m.; We wonder how lie. ma,nages:. There must be some subtle secret in it which the "Western world has never divined. Why dosen't he give his views on the; WomaiuQuestion, so much discussed of late ; his multifarious experi ence has empowered him to speak intelligently; and his opinions would have great, weight. . : It would be very interesting to know how ope man can live comfortably with 3000 yyomeri, when so many- men 'find it very hard tb live comfortably jyitb one woman. .... The unjustifiable condnct of some young men who were present at a dancing party near Waco, in Texas, the other evening, has created much unpleasant- feeling in the neighbourhood. It seems that most of the ladies who took part in .the festivity bronght babies with them, and the noisy perversity of - the infants preventd their mothers from enjoying the dance.- A number of young men, ; actuated apparently by kindly motives, gallantly volunteered to take charge of the little ones whilst the parents indulged in an an ld Virginia breakdown." These mischievous young men, however, when left in charge of the babies, immediately set to work and changed the cloth.es.pf their innocent charges, giving the apparrei of the one to the other. At the con clusion of the dance the mothers, anxious to re turn home, hurriedly snatched up each a baby in the dress of her own, and started off, some to their homes, ten or fifteen miles off, utterly un conscious of the trick that had been played upon them. At daybreak there was a general com motion in the district. Mothers discovered to their horror that a single night had changed in many instances even the sex of their babies, and then commenced " some of the tallest female pedestrianism on record." Living miles apart, it took three or four days to unmix the babies, and fears are entertained that it will take as many months to restore the indignant mothers to their naturally sweet dispositions. Tn the meantime, by latest accounts, it is unsafe for any of the baby-mixers to venture in the neigh bourhood. Two ladies, sistere. living in Belfast, recently had workmen repairing- their house, and some alteration was made to a gas pipe. Their bed room was immediately above that apartment, and were found dead in bed, having been suffocated by gas. A prttical step in the coffee- bouse move ment has been taken by the issue of the pros pectus of the Praliran Home and Coffee-house Company, Melbourne. The company is projected with the view of establishing houses, rooms, and other places of a like nature, in which the busi ness of general refreshment-house keepers inay he carried on, but no intoxicating liquors will be sold or consumed. The capital is £5,000, in 5,000 shares of £1 each. Holloway's Pills. — Invalids distracted by indigestion and discouraged in their search for its remeds should make trial of this never-failing medicine. A lady, long a martyr to dyspeptic tortures, writes that Hollowuy's Pills made her feel as if a burden had been taken off her. Her spirits, formerly low, have greatly improved ; her capricious appetite has given place to healthy hunger ; her dull, sick headacke has departed, and gradually so marvellous a change has been effectted, that she is altogether a new creature, and again fit for herdutias. These Pills may be administered with safety to the most delicate.- They never act harshly, nor do they ever induce weakness; they rightly direct deranged, and control excessive action. . Bishop Barker's bride is described as being middle-aged, handsome, and energetic, and is said to dress plainly. Mr. Burnl, the Postmaster- General, has been elected W.M. of the first new lodge o£ free ac cepted Masons under the new constitution. Mary L. Gulick, of New Brunswick, N.J., an unsophisticated spinster of 39 years, has just recovered £400 from her uncle, Peter Gulick, an old man of 80 years, for breach of promise of marriage. At an audience between the Hon. Mr. Layard, the; British Ambassador to the Porte, and the Sultan, the latter informed the Ambassador that ho would never conclude the Russo-Turkish alliance. A telegram from? Sydney to the Brisbane News states that a serious disagreement has arisen between the A.S.N. Company and the authorities relative to the widening of the foot path at the new wharf, Circular Quay. At mid night recently Tronton directed a large body of men to tear up the street and set the pathway- further back. The Mayor, at four o'clock on the following morning, went with 27 men and reset the kerb stone in its old place, and blocked up the Company's entrance with deep piles. A telegram from Auckland says that ten news papers in that colony have ea;ch secured a private telegraphic wire, the Government allowing them great concessions. The stealing of sheep and forwarding them to Sydney by railway is being is being carried on in a wholesale manner. The Newcastle coal trade difficulty is likely to prove serious. The miners' lodges have ex cluded the Press from attending their meetings, and are working energetically to prepare for the campaign. Resolutions .were adopted by them yesterday, which, if successful, will completely arrest the trade of the port and control capital, to the, injury of all energetic companies. It has been determined that the miners shall only put out a weekly uniform quantity of coal accord ing to its capabilities, thus the Wallsend colliery, which is now giving five thousand tons weekly, will be permitted only to give three thousand. A proportional reduction will be made in the other large collieries. This is regarded as out rageous, and the wildest phase of trade unionism ever heard of. A Servant girl at Randwick, near Sydney, has gone insolvent. Debts, £16- odd ; assets, £4. Cause— -buying a dress piece on tick. The shots fired at the German Emperor have disabled both arms, so that he has to be fed like a child. -It; is stated on medical authority, that the nervous system in both arms is de stroyed. A recent return shows that the deposed King of Hanover left a fortune of 2£ millions sterling, which Bismarck has out at interest, pending the King's son accepting it. The old Emperor of Germany has had to part with his lovely white whiskers, which he has worn for half a century, as they interfere with dressing his wounds. He is in his 80tb year. . The outrage on a young lady in a Wooloo- mooloo omnibus turns out' a fable. No such oc currence took place." The affair was related as given us with all its glaring contradictions and absurdities. Theyoung lady in question appears 'to have inventive powers very fully developed or an imagination likely to be. much excited by the frolicB of late parties. What was related was a disgrace to the city, and we are glad it has been proved false. — Evening News. Paris is crowded with visitors from all parts of the world. The gold pyramid from Victoria excites a good deal of attention and interest. There have, been awarded to Great Britain seventeen grnd prizes, six diplomas of honour, 214 gold medals, 422 silver medals, and a large number of. bronze medals. ; SoMEyears'ago a private company built abridge at Wagga,.and have cleared its cost twice over. They want to sell it now to thd Government for £20,000. " " The Forbes Ttmes understands that a young lady some time ago a resident of Forbes, but now " wasting her sweetness on the desert air" in the bush, has dropped into a nice little fortune of £7000 in her own right. Tasmania is rapidly becoming a second Corn- wall'in the quality. iind extent of its tin supplies. Four yeiirs ago the value of tin and tin ore ex ported from the colony was barely £7000, while in 1877 the value of the metal sent out of the country was nearly £270,000, ann the industry has received a fresh impetus in the discovery of a new lode-bearing district. By the discovery of the lodes at Mount Bischoff, the colonial miner was able to compete on equal terms with his. fellow craftsmen in Cornwall ; and as the tin. mines of the old country have fallen off in productiveness, those at the.antipodes have been able to make up for their failure. The mining industry of Mount Bischoff has now found a rival in the discovery of a tin mountain at Mount Kemskirk, on the West Coast. The " wash dirt is some "20ft thick, and produces about 25 per cent of tin ; but the existence of solid seams of metal, traversing the mountains in veins several feet in depth and width, has thrown even these productive# workings into the shade. 