A NOVEL VIEW OF SAN PKANJ CISCO. San Francisco calls itself a city ; but a city it is not. We delight to stylu ourselves cosmopolitan ; cosmopolitan we are not. A cosmopolite is a iteizen of tho world, one whose homo ia in evcrv nlacc and who is attached to none. Wo have no 6Uch population. Now and then a stranger cornea and goes ; now and then are seen in our streets the strange garb of some foreign person ; -ut the great bulk of onr people arc fixtures ; some are fossils. Ours is a great, gossiping country village, smaller than a city larger than a hamlet. Everybody knows everybody ; every body knows the business of evcyrbjdy else ; good society has only one circle ; buisness men aro all cogs of the same revolving machinery ; the city has only one centre where loungers and loafers meet, only one place where buieness converges. Iu press arc cats and dogs in the same basket. Its politicians (Imimler in tlie same filthy pool. The real fact is we arc tlio smallest sinaU potato of a city in tlie United States of America. This comes from our isola tion ; we are so far from tho world's gTeat centre, so removed from the great throbbing arteries of trade and commerce, that we have but littlo in sympathy with the hustling active world in which we ilo not live. Ours is a little side eddv in the great rushing slr.-am of life w'hore, like chips nnd bottles and apples, we lircles.exclnming,' Behold how we apples swim !' Every showeris astorm, every breeze a tempest, every agitation an earthquake, every incident a sensation. We go from the depths of despair to the dizzy heights of over-sanguine expecta tion ; to-day we arc in the doldrums, to morrow on tiptoo with exultant hope. Stocks arc down, real estate declines, buisness is tlull , and lung-visagcd mourners go about the street. .Stocks go up, real estate advances, buisness im proves, and in anticipation the town buys a fast tcamanjdrives to thu Cliff. Like children we are tickled with straws, like schoolgirls we are scared at ghosts. Some small scandal will amuse us for a day, hut there is no scandal so small that it will not ripple through the whole circle of society from centre to circumference. One little sen sation succeeds nnother in quick euc absord the entire attention of Ibo entire town. When we aro in tlio dumps we are tho bluest of the blue, and think that San Francisco i6 going to be deso lated and ruined by I'mzer River, Goat Island, or Oakland ; when we arc not, v* boast in tones of loudest exultation of our future glowing prospects, of tin- trade of the Orient, of gold and grain, of inex huge vegetables, of a climate where HowerB bloom every month in tho year, of the applo aud the piiie apple, the olive and the vine, of milk and honey, and all is couleur de rose.— Argonaut. 