A TROUBLESOME GHOST. Our Moama correspondent, writing yesterday, sends us the following ancnb "The Moama Ghost:" "The Ghost" seem3 to bo Hie all-absorbing:topic just now at Moama. The war news is nothing to it. "Have you been out to see the ghost?" inquires one; " Have you heard the news of unless than! thirty persons having seen the ghost?" inquires another. So that people begin to think at last there must be " sometluug in it," a id from tho information to hand, and from what 1 have heard from the lips of the palsies who say they have soen the ghost, I glean the following which may interost your readersAbout ten miles from Moama, on the cast side of the line,. stands a dummy house. This house has been occupied by a party of dam sinkers and bark-ringers. These men aver that about a fortnight ago they were disturbed by knocking on the iron roof, and that upon getting up they saw the figure of a woman, when one among their number put the question, " What do you want, Missus?"..^0 which, the figure replied that she had been murdered near that spot, and that the bones of herself and infant would be found towards the end of the hut, where they were placed fourteen years ago by Morgan, the bushranger. One of the party, who (possessed a whip, made a strike at the figure, which did not move. Tho following day tho news spread, and the next night a large party assembled when tho apparition again made its appearance, and the wliole of these persons swear most distinctly that they saw tho iiguro of a woman, and nothing can induce them to think otherwise. Last night a detachment of the Moama police, tinder the command of Sergeant Vaughan, went out to see if there was anything to bo .seen, aud there is no doubt if any person had ? boon " playing larks" he would havo received a' little cold lead. Upon the return of one of the police this nif»rning I ascertained that while in the house last night. a terrific noise was made on the roof like the sound of a heavy hammer, where- i upon tho party rushed out of tho house, but could : see nothing. The noise was repeated several times and many of the party, amongst whom wen; men supposed to bo possessed of courage, 1 seemed very glad on the approach of the grey dawn. The mystery, however, remains tho same, and another party i.s t<* 1 e organised, who, together with the police, intend ti» go out again to try and eli' tr up"the mystery. 'I he men who were living in tlu* hut have h ft it to the ghost, and gone and camped near a dam. It. seems remarkable that' thirty men should become alarmed, and positively | aver that there is something in it, J 