The formal opening of the New State School takes place on Friday next, when the Hon- the Minister of Education will be present to perform the opening ceremony, and will probably be accompanied by the Parliamentary representatives of ' the dis trict 'and other prominent members. By- the desire of the Minister no political demonstration will take place on the occasion, and consequently the hon. gentle man will simply bo the guest of the Board of Advice instead of being entertained at a public banquet as was at first proposed. The fact that the Minister has consented to open; the school, however, although not in accordance with the original programme of the Board, has given great satisfaction to the majority in the community, as it, is felt that the event is of such importance to tlie town aiid district that it should receive the official recognition due to it apart from mere party or political considerations. ..The children of the school will receive a holir day, and will be treated with all the good things dear to juvenile appetites, the pro vision of which has been entrusted to Mr John Pope, one of the local confectioners, and no doubt a large number of the parents will also be present to take part in the pro ceedings. The Minister will arrive by the mid-day train, and the opening ceremony will take place immediately afterwards. The information of libel laid by J. E. Paten, proprietor of this paper, against Thomas McIIiigh, proprietor of the Free Press, on account of an article published in the Free Fress ot the 27th July, came on for hearing at the police court yesterday. Mr Barrett, of Duuoily, appeared for the prosecutor, and Mr Matthews, of Talbot, appeared for the defence. Tlie examina tion of Mr Paten was concluded, and then Mr Matthews applied for an adjournment on tlie- ground that the summons having only been . served on Wednesday be bad not had sufficient time to prepare . the de fence'. A postponement was granted until Monday, and instructions were given by tlie Bench that in the meantime the evidence taken should hot be published. - 1 By aii accident unobserved until too late to remedy it,- two chapters were omitted from the tales given in last Eridajqs supple ment; . The deficient- portions will be sup-. Tlied in the supplement to be issued „oii "Friday next. ' v 1 The football match between the Mary borough and 'Barwon clubs, which-, took place! on ihe Maryborough ground on Satu.rd.ay last, resulted in: a victory for the Barwon team by one goal to nil. . _ . . i Mr! Peter Virtue, juu.; has h6eu gazetted temporary mining registrar to act- for the Majorca subdivision of the : Maryborough Mihiqg Distriptj ' ' .... --- - The Siam with the English mails arrived in Ho b s on ' s Bay 1 ate on Sunday night, ten days wley contract timej Her letters were delivered in Avoca yesterday afternoon and this morning. At a meeting of the teaohors of St John's Sunday SchooL held last evening, tlie allo- oatibn of the prizes obtained by tfio chil dren for the year ending at Easter was completed, and they are now ready for distribution. The books, which have, been specially soleoted by a reverend gentleman in Melbourne, are deemed by the teachers to be highly suitable for the purpose for which they are intended, and, with those purchased for the library, reach a money value of £8 2s. Off this sum, however, tlie usual twenty per cent, allowance to Sunday schools lias been made, which con siderably reduces the account. The Rev. J. Aubrey Ball, incumbent of the cliurcb and chairman of the teachers' committee, was requested to distribute the prizes, and here a difficulty arose. The teachers wished the prizes given on a Sunday afternoon, and as soon as possible, but owing to engage ments at the outlying churches, Mr Ball found he could not be at liberty for the purpose until Sunday, the loth of next month. After discussion it was found that tlie delay could not be avoided, and the date named was therefore fixed upon. It was resolved that the parents be invited to be present, and that a special invitation be sent to Mr E. Wilson, the former superin tendent, the books having been obtained solely through the system of sixpenny col lections from parents instituted by him. Mr W. Wise was added to the teachers' list, Mr Percy Laidman was appointed librarian, and after transacting other busi ness the meeting closed. A letter from ''West Riding" is unavoid ably held over until our next issue. The Queen's Birthday Company, Du- nolly, obtained 903oz. of smelted gold from 506 tons of quartz on Saturday. A severe thunderstorm passed over Avoca at about four o'clock on Sunday afternoon. Eor about- a quarter of an hour the rain which fell was the heaviest which has visited the district for several years, . The Gazette contains a long list of licensees in arrear under the Land Act. Applications under the Land Act ap proved : — Eor leases — Benjamin Bennett Holmes, John McKenzie, Samuel Ranson, Glenpat-rick ; Robert Neville, Lands- borough ; John Martin, Navarre ; William Power, Moyreisk ; John Balloch, Redbank. Dr L. L. Smith has been rewarded for bis persevering efforts in the direction of reducing the postage rates. In accordance with the promise given to that gentleman during the recent- debate, the Ministry have had the subject imdcr consideration and- have resolved that at the close of the pre sent financial year — 30th June, 1S79 — the postage on letters in the colony shall be re duced to one penny. The doctor deserves the credit of the community for bringing about the concession, and no doubt the second portion of: his request, the free postage of newspapers will follow ere long. Messrs Tatchell, Fearn, and Daly were the successful candidates for the Borough election at Dunolly on Thursdar last, de feating Mr Walls, who was the only otlier candidate. The three fortunate gentlemen who have been honored with the confidence of the electors were placed on the poll in the order named, and they all returned thanks in the orthodox maimer for the dis tinction conferred upon them. Speaking of the proposed Avoca to Ararat railway, and the meetings to be held by the Avoca Council in support- of the proposition, the Ararat Advertiser sa3:s : — The expres sion of public opinion that will thus be secured, together with the direct and earn est support of the Hon. the Minister of Railways must secure the line having a place in the new Railway Bill. So con vinced is the Commissioner of the import ance of its. construction, that on Saturday last, when waited upon by a deputation from the Borough and Shire Councils of Ararat, he himself became one of the deputation, and pointed out the number of "settlers between Crowlands and Avoca to be benefited, who were at present laboring under considerable disadvantage in not possessing railway communication. "There are no politics," said the honorable gentle man, " recognised in railway construction. The desire of the Ministry being by this national scheme of railways to introduce or infuse. vitality where stagnation now exists in consequence of the want of railway com munication." Everything, therefore, is in favor of the work being carried out. The-sliareholders of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company held their general meet ing on Friday and unauimously agreed to the sale of their property to the Govern ment-. The Government will therefore take possession of the fines pn an early date. 1 MrRandle, a respected resident of St. Arnaud, died from paralysis on Weduesday last. : ; ; ; V 0 ' Of the bowling- of the Australian Eleven the Daily News speaks in the following terms : — " It was suggested by one or two critics that the colonists bad some new 'sys tem' in their bowling, but it is too late to hope to invent anything of that sort. No new trick, but a- thorough mastery of all the old moves of the bowler, make Messrs. Boyle and Spoffort-h so hard to play. They have the accuracy and astuteness of profes sionals, with tlie freshness and ' devil ' of the amateur who has not over- practised, whose performances are not those of, a mere machine. Straightness. judgment of length, and great variety of pace are their open secret. The victory therefore of the Eng lish gentlemen, against these antagonists is the more creditable." A frolicsome ghost is reported to be amusing himself in the Duke mine by des- troying the workmen's clothes. The account is that one of the miners being startled by a mysterious knocking in a drive, turned round in that direction, when his coat by some unaccountable means became split up the back from top to bottom. The victim is very confident as to the' supernatural origin of the occurence. — Maryborough Advertiser. The World is responsible for the follow ing romantic story : — Once upon a time, many years ago, there was an Indian prince who visited these shores in search of adven tures. Amongst others he made the acquaintance of an English lady, to whom he became devoted. At last he was forced to leave for his native land, and on parting —like other prbices in fairy stories— gave his " lady friend" a ring, saying, " What ever tlie bearer of that ring bids me do I will do." Years rolled oil, , and the ring la' unused in the' lady's 'jewel box until the Indian mutiny broke out". And then— the .aforesaid Indian potentate having joined tlie rebels— it became a matter of great mo ment to the English Government of the day to recover his allegiance.: ; Somehow »the romantic gift of the ring leaked out, and a Cabinet Minister (so runs this wouderful tale) set off in great hurry from Downing street to seek our herione's residence iu — f Gfdsvenor-square, let us say. : The ring was obtained, the promise was. kept, - and the English troops , saved at a; most ; critical juncture. Now, it is . said, the lady by whose meaus this desirable conversion was brought about, claims the new Order of the Crown of India as her reward. It is also said that she was the central figure of the late celebrated trial of " Swaebe v Thistle- thyayte." . Dr Lang, who died at Sydney last week, was buried on Saturday— Among those . present at the funeral were the Chief Justice Judge Parker, the Hon. Mr Robertson, the members of the Ministry and of Parliament, representatives of the legal professions, the various religious bodies and friendly aocie ties. Business was entirely suspended, out of respect to the deceased, and even the Chi nese places of business were closed. There is every reason.- to. suppose (says the Age) that the practice of " sweating" sovereigns is being practised on a large scale. Several tradesmen in the surbgrbau districts have, during the past few .days, discovered an appreciable deficiency in the gold coin passing through their hands, and in one instance a pawnbroker in Sandridsje received no less than ten sovereigns, the majority of which wore about twelve grains below the standard weight. The coins appear to have been treated with some aoid. A man named Samuel Heyman acciden-. tally shot himself on Wednesday night at Kensington. A new state school was opened at Warri- gal on Friday last. The opening ceremony was performed by Mr Mason M.P., as the Minister of Education was unable to. attend through pressure of public business. Writing of the late Australian veteran, Dr Lang, " Lounger," in the Herald , says: , — He was to be found in the front rank of 'all the agitation for reform and progress which slowly marked the development of Now South Wales, from a colony governed by a court martial, to the inauguration of her free institutions. His name stands side by side with Wentworth, Bland, Lowe, Lambert, and Donaldson, in the great movement which was made years back to extricate New Soutb Wales from the pol lution of convictism. By no means a man of logical mind, or of great breadth of thought, he was thoroughly honest. His obstinacy was rather a virtue than a defect of his character, since it arose entirely from an honest conviction — narrowed perchance by prejudice — of right and truth. Alto gether, he was better than many and abler man, for he was a good man — one of the sturdy, bigoted, Godfearing followers of J ohn Knox, with twenty times the heart of that grim Scotch reformer. He might have grown rich had he served his own interests as loyally as he labored in those of the public. He might have saved money, had he not given so much away in charity, quietly and unostentatiously, and prompted alike by duty and inclination. Rest to his brave|old bones ! Honor to his pure memory! It was time to die when all the dear old landmarks by which he guided his private and his public career have, one by one, been swept away into the dust-cast of " modern enlightenment." New Caledonian news states that the natives are fighting with great judgment. The troops are acting on the defensive, awaiting reinforcements. The French papers give the total number of victims as thirty-eight. Ths latest news is that no further bloodshed has taken place. The revolters are making a stand, surrounded br troops and armed -colonists, the natives numbered nearly 1000. A few encounters, generally favorable to the revolters, have resulted, but no decisive steps have yet been taken by the troops, who are acting on the defensive, and supposed to be waiting for reinforcements from Siagon. A small schooner, the Trusty, has been engaged to take to King's Island part of the plant and some of the workmen (carpenters | and masons) for the construction of a liglit- | house on the island at Currie Harbour. I A small rush lias set iu a Wild Dog Creek, between the Eddington road and Burnt Creek. The prospeot obtained was : Sdwt- to the load, with one foot of washdirt. : A second hole bottomed and obtained ldwt ' off the bottom : four or five other shafts are sinking : the depth is about 20 feet. Claims : have boen marked out oeeup'iug all the Crown land available, and several are taken . up in Marshall's paddock, as from all ap- ; pearance the run of gold must go through | his ground. One or two persons have ar- ! ranged terms for claims. — Dunolly Fx- j press. I Telegrams were received by the Chief | Secretary from Echuca onWednesday (says | the Argus), asking if a deputation of 500 | working men should come down to impress ! the Government with the importance of removing the red-gum duty, which is now depriving them of their livelihood. It was not deemed necessary to sanction the pro posal. A Sydney telegram to the Age of Satur day says : — The statement that- Sir Hercules Robinson is to succeed Sir G. E. Bowen as Governor of Victoria has taken the city by surprise, as many here think it derogatory to the Governor of this colony to go to Vic toria ; but it is deemed very probable by others, as Sir H. Robinson has a won derful knack of cementing all parties to gether. Such a step, however, is con sidered to be a great slight to this colony. The statement has been repeatedly made by Ministers, (says the Telegraph) and by some of their supporters, to the effect that ihe reform scheme contained in the Minis terial bill had been submitted to the coun try at the last general election. On Thursday night Mr Gaunsoh managed effectivel)r to expose the misrepresentation ooutained in this statement. He asked Mr Mirams, who was secretary of the Reform League at the time of the general election, whether, this scheme had been submitted to the eleotors or not-. " Yes, it was," Mr Mirams replied. Mr Gaunson then read from the address of the president of the Re form League, Mr Berry, at the election, the references to constitutional reform, and he showed that they were essentially and vitally different from the proposals em bodied in the bill now before Parliament. The member for Ararat further showed that the only constitutional and authoritative way of submitting any policy to the electors was through the Government of the day, aud not through the address of the presi- ! dent of a party league. As a proof, also, that the Ministry itself did not believe that the question of reform had been settled at the general election, Mr Berry's speech at Geelong in February last was quoted. In that speech, delivered only six months ago, the Chief Secretary distinctly favoured a nominee Upper House as the direction in which reform of our Constitution.should be brought about. This, of course absolutely excludes the possibility of the country being further blinded by the mendacious assertions of the Melbourne Reform League and Ministers. The Insurance and Banking Record for August is to hand. The contraction of: banking business is dealt with in the first article. Referring to Mr Miram's essay on the establishment of a national bank in Vic toria, the Record says " It bristles with the wildest fallacies, and is at variance with the A B C of: political economy." H I was reported to -the Sandridge polico on Thursday morning, that a man, name unknown, had jumped overboard from the ship Cavaliere Polimeni during the previous evening, with the intention of committing suicide. It appeared that he had on Wed nesday evening been; rescued from the water by the crew of the Polimeni, after having jumped off the steamer Gem whilst on his way from "Williamstown to Melbourne. He was observed swimming about,' and upon being taken on board, remained tbbre Tintil 12 o'clock in the evening, when he ' jdmped overbpard q second time and lyas drowned. 