\ MACBETH. ' Mr. Thomas Kenny,, a plever ,essay- ist, and who has written most ably on » the subject' of ' Macbeth," character- - f iscs -it as " a drama of gigantic crime ' and terror relieved by the ' most mag- J nificenf .imaginative e.xpression," yet-. ( marhed with great simplicity pf general design. The dale of the production of \ the piece is set by Fumival,at"l6oS'6, and "we >»iay take it' for granted," J says Kenny, " that it was written in \ the tiiriK of James the First, who f ascended the throne March, 1603, as it ) contains an evident allusion to that \ monarch in act iv. scene I,, and also a; ( complimentary reference to him in an- ) other part. Tlie material for the play was found by Shakespeare in Holin- .shed's Histon,' of Scotland, where the > story of Macbeth is told at page- 168." S The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- ( sented to have -been, "cousins' ,y the first ) a valiant gentle'mandmt of cruel, dispo- S sitipn; and the 'latter "so soft '"and J gentle iii his nature llwt the people J wished the inclination and manners of the two to, have, been so tempered and / intGichang: ably sliared betwLxt 'tUem that Where the one had too much of ' , clemency'and the other pf cruelty, the ( main vjrtpe between these two extre- 1 miticshii'glit have reigned by indiffer- < ent paitiiion ill them both. The play / all along keejjs close to the line of \ liolihslied, "varying from it in scarcely ( any Jraiticular c.xcept in the non- appearance in the banquet scene of the 1 murdered Banqup's ghost." ( This tragedy has been presented in Melbourne we believe oftener than any other of Shakespeare's works. The 1 late Cf. "V. Brooke, Charles Kean, ( Charles "Vincent, in their time essayed J the part, and we have had other repre- sentcatiycs, from the burly McKean ( Bucharian and Jamea Anderson to the > little "clapper' J. B. Howe. But few j artists have made their Melbourne ( dffhut in the rohi of the Thaiw of Cutv- J (Zrry. 'l'Pf.jhose who have, we now call .tbjhind-Mr. C.y. Barry; at the The- ( 'atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles 1 Poole .supporting- hinV as JMcly Mac- . hath-, Mr. Henry Edwards as Macdvff, ( Mis.' Winterboltom as Moldolm, and i , the principal .singing witches were Mrs. ' Hancock and thc Jate julia Matthews. ( Previous t© that, on Aug. 25, .J858, at 1 tlie>same ihea'treV thefe burst -iipon the ' the.itrical --'firmaiheiit an' Australian Roscius, Ma-smr Edward Pole, aged 1 ,14; ' He'ai.so'.ph'tyed-the part, which as ( a feat of memory was extremely, won- > defful."; This -gentleman .has" long left j the stage and become a " family man," ( and now follows the prosaic business v of a thriving paperhanger. At the time of the "Ghost" sensa- ; tion in Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy f was revived to be produced with " Pep- per-'S: ghost effect.s,';- which ! were an- 1 Pounced as "combining' the real with ( the ideal, the scientific and the poeti- J cal, the po.sitive and the illusory," with j thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( nihrket Theatre, August 22, 1S63, when > under the management of ihe late James Simnionds. The part of Mac- ( both was alternately played by Messrs. j , R.,,younge ami- Hcni-y-, Edwards, the WLa'dy Muoheth yias by the late cliarm- ( ' ing- Annie Lcckhart. ' , . ; |l : A I It was iiV the part of ' the " Thane's . g lilty wife" that Mi.ss Goddard (Mrs. ' Cipel) made her bow bcl'pie a .Meh ( bourne audience, at the Thea'tre Royal, August 24, 1857, the late G.y. Brooke ' appearing as Sidcbcth. - ( The Opera of " Macbeth," by Verdi, ( has been presented iri Melbourne by . two, different .companie.< at an interval of twelve years. The first produution ( was at the Theatre Royal, tJepteihber 8, i860, M'ilh the Bianchi Opera't.om- pan)'. Signora Bianchi underlpok, the ( music of ldy Mhcicfr/iiSighor Hianphi, MrtwfKjl", Emile Coulon Mo ebikh, John < Gregg liainjvo. \y'alter Shcrwin M«/- oolni. and Mr John Winterbottohi was conductpr of the ©rchestra. The se- f cond lime the Opera was revived ivas - at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. W. S, Lyster and Cagli. The title ' rule (MHcbuth) was allotted to Signor j Tournerie, MHodu ff tp Signor Leandro Cpy, Baiirpio to Signor Dondi, MaZ:, < cidt/i, to .Signor Benso, Phyniirlaii to , .Signor Favas, iciitliiivoniaii- to Signora Tournerie; and Lady Macbeth to Sig- < nora Zenoni. 