•j, OF. SPIRITS, JWBITTMT<FOR JHIS SUPPIJiMEKT. Or JSPIBITS—How., that ihey arei pf all colours," well-as white, blaci Mid blue, and no coiohr stall; how than they are unsubstantial realities; how that! they are good and bad,-iruthful' and -untrnth ful, ^and of every shape and size';l how that theycan be seehv ihough they:*re invisible'; how. that they eau be hfeard, though they have -no organs of speech, and'can sometimes, though immaterial, make themselves be felt ; how tbat occasionally "they work for their living,) and how,''^vhenlazilyJnclined, they don't and won'tjdo a stroke of work; and how[tha they are not averse , to the pleasant influence of the coin of ihe period. I Th whdle| invented iand displayed by .a gentleman of an inquiring turn of niind, who,for'obi?ious reasons, that will com mend; themselves to his readers sh )uld they ever learn them, prefers concei ling his name from • a cold 'and selfish worl that {would 1 be startled out of its propriety where he to divulge it prematurely St.| George's Hall, Bourke street^ Melbourne, is at the time of writing) the'- favoured abode <ft~didbter?e~ In the lar reception room of the Athenanm, 'Collins street-, thin and airy ghosts are taking their evening walks abroad, to' the pleasure as well as to the discomfiture of many puzele-headed but; worthy [and respectable citizens. ' Professor Sladp,'of Bowistreet'notoriety, is daily, in a sinall apartment over 'a bookseller's shop "ill Huasell .sti'jset, invoking the aidl ^of specjtral machinery to enable him to] lay bare to those of his visitors, who have stray guineas at their disposal, of w^iicb they wish to dispossess themselves in his favoir, the dread secrets of the tomb, {an shed the light of day upon the hidden knowledge of the cemetery and yajwnin£r grave-yard.- A Mj. Shepherd, a gen tleman of harmonious or rather perhaps e inhdrmonious proclivities, claims to produce certain jarring discordant concords, which he calls the music of the heavenly spheres, from a piano that; is sadlyl out of! tjone, as well as ear-splitting, croaMng soupds from his throat and lungs, which ! he is pleased on the lucus a non lucenao principle, to call the singing of the angel by ihe unseen aid of two or three familia spirits,, with; whom he appears to bej on terms of the closest intimacy, and jvho haye conceived the greatest friendship forjliim. Judging of their efforts in thi direction from what I have heard, Ilain of opinion, that when in times,' gone] bv the'se attendants of his were clothed ^itT . . , , mupdane flesh and bone and muselp, j null and r.li« the roller other nttrilmiAC attributes nf of lniniMTvit.v humai&ty; , - • they must have been unappreciated vodalists, and neglected aspirants [for musical fauie, and that they are now taking a cowardly advantage of their fe connection With the Shepherd to wreak terrible vengeance on the uncffendir;g j audiences he gathers together by cim pelling them, nolens vohns, to listen tb ! their unearthly screechings, and madden ing suuggies with the keys of the piano ,. n there is a Mr. Walker, not Hooke "Wialker, .who styles himself trance medium (I here immortalize his name! by mentioning it), : and who, on recunpnt b., Sunday evenings, at the Princess" Theatre in Sjring street, ^burdens himielif of'the deep thoughts with which a vfery , verbose angel inoculates his receptive so^il duiing the intervening ferial days!, inj an overwhelming avalanche of iilcoheirent words and rushing sentences'. t, And clever Professor Fay, the erudite associate of the Davenport Brothers] is r once again 311 Melbourne. And the ijai of the city is full , of mysteries, and a charnel like gloom pervades the circumiambient atmosphere. Also have Ihe Fakir's son, Alfred Silvester, and'the sphinx-like ! Hennicke, the illusionist^ entered into , a compact with the "Ilvil One," and have made arrangements with sundry dwellers oh the footsteps of jthe unseen world, by which they can at jalny time obtain an unlimited supply of mes-' : sages • written on mediumistic slates, which; for a, pecuniary consideration, they Iwill cheerfully communicate to anxious I enquirers. Our old friend,the Fakir jof Oolu, is sadly inissed at r -this juncduire; Were he but lere, instead of It HW = Eong, as I learn he is from a paper Ihe sent me a week agoi, the list of necromancers , this side of the equator would be tolerably well filledup. All the {professors of the'black artlhave just enume- ! s rated are driving aroaringti ade. TheyhaiW struck oil, and are garnering a gold'eE harvest. And they are mystifying the inquisitive and the credulous, of Wjhcjm: there are are; no small numbers in the! Queen city of the Southern Hemisphere.; j D'Arcy Bead's shadowy performers: at tbe Athenasum are droll enoughi fel lows in their' way, • and of infinite!jest lake Puck of ! old, they delight in imis-' chievous pranks. One or two of them,; those of the gentler isex, are so fairy- like sip ethereal, so betwitchingly graceful aiid beautiful,!sing so sweetly, and dance so; alluringly, that one is loath to think they aire but impalpable possibilities. It <^sj most disappointing, having gazed «t them tall one longs ito be a ghost oneself, so 4 to be in B. position to make love to them in true spirit fashion, to enfold them in : an affectionate cloud-like Embrace,' and tb take them tb our fleslilessheart, tp se tiiem vanish from our view, and melt inl nothingness, never to return till the mor row, when we {doubt whether -we shall! have the wherewithal, the open sesame,' to this hall of j inconceivable delight anil wondrous phantasmagorial mysteries. [, ! I regret to jhave to .say it, but an influence, probably a spirit one, compel me to assert .that the Baldwins, at . St. George's Hall, are frauds. The gentle-{ man anjd his .winsome; wife, a lady tp whom I am already deeply attached (L believe jthat ia her I likve found - my affinity, ! hopeishehas found hers in me) come before the world on false pretence She, poor thing, I know from her plead) ibg eyes, cannot help it; but what is she tb do while under his diabolic control P She is so child-like and innocent that j I am persuaded she blushes hourly for th ^fe -2'^T^^ompels herito assume. ™ tbeflesh l m^jju^and ife i_the one ' Her spirit husbUna; .4, oaio^g Baldwin, , ness and goodness, ana* sjg^n gentlebility; and his heart bleeiff^^ji.gnjjjt. suffering ^ woman. She is hingeas. p Qor to give 0 pleasure -to ia. scoffing audiei^ arid is resuscitated by methods that are opposed to all known physiological: prin ei j'es, and are confined within tjie breas of her demoniac lord"'and niaster, who I ^ am confident has relations Jof no proper : jkind with the horned' and hoofed one. fl'his deiceitful man' (thfere is an insuffer t able ' smell of T brims!tone' about him, which he ineffectually endeavours to conceal' e by a -lavish land: extravagant usei i of lEau de Cologne) professes to extricate himself in the tw nkling of an eye, and does it too, froiri a psjjr of paten handcuffs, of extra strength and subtle and cunning construction, fastened sed, curely around'his wrists- by Mr. Bishop, late Inspector of Polide: : He also pre . tends that he can be in two or more places at one" and the saiie instant of time, ahclis as good-as hi^ word. He enwraps himself instantaneously in a ge borrowed coat, the sleevesl of which, as well as ihe breast lappels have been sown together, though his hands and feet have been tightly boun'd to a heavy chair by many intertwining) coils of rope, the knots in which havei been secured by skiing wax that remains unbroken.' He turns water into wine; and I heard him say be intends to turn himsblf inside ou before he leaves Melbournel He evolves melodious music from unseen accordions by uhseen hands. He orders tambourines to raltle, and they obey him—bells to ring, and the clanging does not cease d until he frowns them into silence. All these things, and others more startling and wonderful, he professes jto do by me -trickery and sleight of hand. INow, this is clearly impossible, and ; notwithstanding his barefaced assertions 'to the contrary, -I maintain that everybody of the least discernment knows thjat he has at his beck and call submissive and obedien -spirits, who by his unholy bompact with them, are bound to render him every assistance in the performance of these s uncanny manifestations. | Part of the r agreement into which they[have entered with him in exchange for his (I may hot write the word) is. thatl he shall extract at his pleasure gold and silver s coinage from the pockets of an amazed bewildered, and a numerous clientele. H.andsful of these metallic effigies of ou beloved Queen I heard him clinking glee fully ^jtt mueh subdued merriment the ,; other l night ; _ in \- the . l. _ privacy!of —: i >• his i*. apartments at the Oriental; so, ! from this, I I t now the spirits thus far', do not play him false. ! • How, for this delusive creature, Balda ^^ to pretend to stultify ian intelligen i. ec ,i,le, by iclliug them that he is uuassi sl ed by unseen agencies' is decidedly mean and unhandsome. It; is taking an \- ^jifair advantage of his position to di , claim the help he receives ijrom the sp y world. •• This - misleading " - {statement • of Ids also has wider consequences than pe haps he i6 aware of. It I has a strong tendency to bring discredit on the new evangel, spiritualism. ;To' jsay the least, it is very ungrateful of him, seeing how much he is indebted to the new religion for his renommee and his biread and bu ter. But, such is mannjjt so his wife, who suffers untold pangs of remorse at her husband's wilful deniall of the truth I assert it, loudly, Baldwin is sailing r under false colours. Why does he not stand forth like a man, and boldly announce, what is. an indisputable 'fact, that he is in league with Beelzebub ? Then, though we might shrink from him we would all respect, him. |But nowj resorting, for the sake of a fleetingpopularity, to the miserable sulbterfuge that he is but an expert conjuror, he disowns (lie mighty truth, and therefore deserves the scorn and reprobation of every softhearted spiritualist. The reason he assigns for taking up this meindacious line of conduct is a lame and an impotent one, to which no credence whatever can be attached. Moreover, it is a "non sequitur." and as such cannot- for & moment be relied on. H^ says, in his discursive and inconclusive, though otherwise amusing remarks!, that he thus proves "the immortality of the soul." What to my mind he proyes is that he is" an apostate medium, and that, for the sake of filthylucre, he is willing to drag into the dust and mire the most beautifu aud most soul-satisfying of all modern beliefs, that of Spiritualism. This faith, I may say en passant, is so' transcendant in its purity and its elevating tone of thought that it includes among its . : adherents most of the weakest intellects of the age, to whom it affords unspeakable comfort. And why, I ask, triumphantly, | should weaker intelligences be , ; disturbed in their beliefs P Are they no as well worthy of consideration as those } so-called stronger ones, who, indolent in their conservatism, are content with the ! old-world but effete religions and morality? B! \- How noble the contrast, by the way, is the manly averment of Dr. Slade. He e, acknowledges, with a pride which it is in oj spiring to contemplate J that he is in the closest communion with the unseen dwellers of the world beyond the grave. Also that he is a very humble instrumen : in their hands in the manifestations of occult powers, which he is permitted by ' them to give evidence of at his seances a s' so much per head. Of course, thus bear ' ing witness of himself, we are bound to believe him, for no one can possibly know better than he does how he ueciphers th writings in the paper pellets, and how h is the recipient of the messages from the , dead that he conveys to the living. If s. the spirits don't help, him, wlio do ^ -That's what I want to know 1 If this do not prove beyond cavil the " immortality of the soul;" I should like to know what does, that's all? ; D'Arcy Bead, again, is evidently conscious that the ghosts,the intangible eidolons, that ihe summons nightly from the "vasty deep," are unsubstantial realities, for hlis manifest terror of them himself is but too apparent, and is a source of much amusement to the majority of his j visitors at the Athenseumj, especially his juvenile -ones. His haif "Uerally stands on end at their weird an " wiidhly asipect. His consternation, t welcomodered desperate by their unto clutch th^iarrassing presence, he tries is wonderful told, they elude his grasp, unlike that larch-im^L- He aud Slade, -nailed their colours a.Baldwm, havje standard of itheir consciences?:*^ erect sideration wjill induce them to haR° ^on " -down. They do not try to explain avfJ as Baldwin |does, wh«.t they know to be inexplicable! except upon a supernatural t hypothesis. ' j. Consistency and fearlessness in the cause of truth deserve the encomium all right thinking men, therefore I canriiv speak with approbation of Mr. Baldwin' unworthy tactics. Nay; more, I feel inclined to heap upon him no measured terms of scorn and contempt for his shameless duplicity in trying to pass himself off on a. guileless set of people as a mere conjur-or, when it is well known, tha he is a medium of more than ordinary powers. Let him recant, however, and, like-an honest man admit unflinchingly that he is aided by the spirits, and all hi faults shall jbe forgiven him. As an influential member of the spiritualistic t society, I can assure him of a cordial we come on hislreturn to the fold from whic he has strayed for a season. I trust soon to hear that he has redeemed his error, and has had plenary absolution from Messrs. Tyerman and Deacon. In conclusion, as some ; indication | of re who I am and why I claim a right to jb heard on the interesting topic of spirits, I will inform the reader who .has proceede thus far with me that I am the indignan proprietor of ! j KATIE KIXG'S GHOST! 