NEW SOUTH WALES;..;.!) .,?".., PARLIAMENT. .-..:' | LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. ; 1 THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7. " Mr. C. Campbell Sir A. Stephen Mr. Ogilvie G. K. Cox Grahame Tellers. The PRESIDENT took the chair at twenty-nine minutes pasUft'clock.-».....,,_ " ,. _ EXPLANATION. ' Mr. MARKS thought it necessary to offer a few words of explanation in reference to a question asked by the hon. member, Mr. Samuel, on the previous day The hon, member asked if he had noticed a telegram in Monday's Herald, stating; that a telegram had been sent by Mr. Burns to Mr. Berry, the Premier of Victoria, intimating that the Parliament of this colony had adopted the agreement for the duplication of the cable. He know nothing of the matter at the time, but he had been since informed that the telegram in the newspaper was a misrepresentation. [Mr. SAMUEL ; I am glad to hear it.] He had in his hand a copy of the telegram sent to Mr. Berry, and it read "Cable agreement is passed through committee Assembly without any material alteration' &c.; Of course the Government intended to submit the agreement for the concurrence. of this House. : BANKERS' BOOKS AND CHEQUES BILL. Resumption of the adjourned debate, on motion of Sir AL'I'IIED STEPHEN That this bill be now read a third time, noon which Mr. HOLT had moved by way of amendment, that the question be amended by the omission of the words " read a third time in order to the addition in their place of the words, " recommitted with a view to the further consideration of clauses 2, 3, 4, 56 7, 89 and 11. The House divided on the question that the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question, as follows: AYES, 13. Mr. Russell Mr. J. Campbell Moore Samuel F. Lord Smart Professor Smith Busby NOES, 7. Sir J. Innes I Mr. Foster I Mr. Marks (IP"II"_ Mr. De Salis Gordon Holt flowers A. Campbell The amendment was, therefore, negatived. Mr. HOLT opposed the motion for the third reading, He objected to the bill because it was founded on an English precedent, which was not applicable to this colony, and because it was unnecessary. All that was required to ensure the tracing of cheques, was to provide that when the words " bank only " were written on the face of a cheque, the banker should only pay the cheque to a bank and his purpose in moving that the bill be recommitted was that it might be simplified in the manner he suggested. Sir ALFRED STEPHEN replied. The motion was agreed to. The bill was read the third time, passed, and ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Assembly for its con- currence. MATRIMONIAL CAUSES ACT AMENDMENT BILL. There being no hon. member in charge of this bill, Mr. DARLEY moved that the order of the day for the second reading stand an order of the day for this day week, in order that the hon. member in charge of it in the other House might have an opportunity of communicating with some hon. member of this House. Mr. C. CAMPBELL moved, as an amendment, that the order of the day be discharged from the paper. It had been before the House for several weeks, and no hon. member had yet taken charge of it. Mr. GORDON hoped the House would not agree to the amendment, simply because the hon, member in charge of the bill in the other House had omitted to ask an hon. member to take charge of it in this House. ' Mr. RUSSELL was in the hope that possibly some one might father the bill. Mr. GORDON : The messenger, perhaps. Sir GEORGE INNES said that perhaps he was responsible for having brought the bill to its present stage. He had moved the first reading of the bill as Chairman of Committees, but he had said at the time that he was opposed to it. Those people who protested against discourtesy to the other branch of the Legislature should remember that die courtesy had been shown to this House. The bill had been kept on the paper, and postponed from time to time, and why, he wanted to know, had it not been dealt with at once ? It could not be in better hands than those of Mr. Darley, and if he would not have anything to do with it, he should tell them so. If he had been in favour of the other Divorce Bill he would certainly say " let this be law, but he was not. The bill had been reserved for her Majesty's assent and came back to them, and it might have been considered of sufficient importance to have invoked the assistance of some honor- able and learned member of this House. Mr. DARLEY rose in explanation. He certainly thought it would not be his duty or within his power to take charge of of the bill without having been asked so to do. He had not been asked to take charge of the bill and he would not do so without being asked. Mr. ALEXANDER CAMPBELL thought it would be discourteous to wipe out a bill of this kind that had been twice passed. The PRESIDENT said it would be better not to go into the merits of the hill. Mr. ALEXANDER CAMPBELL said he now understood that the honorable member who had made the motion would take charge of the bill. The amendment was withdrawn, and the motion that the second reading of the bill stand an Order of the Day for this day week, was agreed to. THE GLEBE BOROUGH BILL. Mr. DARLEY moved the second reading of the Glebe Borough Bill, by which it was proposed to sell two portions of land, which had been granted to the borough, which were close to the boundary, and inconvenient for the purposes for which they had been granted. The proceeds were to be devoted to purchasing other land, and if there were any balance it was to be applied to the purposes of a school of arts and council chambers" The second reading was carried without division. The bill passed through committee without amendments, progress WORd reported, and the report was adopted. The third reading of the bill was made an order of the day for next Wednesday. ADULTERATION OF FOOD PREVENTION of -. ' >? ? A BILL. The following new clauses, proposed by Sir ALFRED STEPHEN, were inserted : 1 *' Every person who shall sell and deliver or cause or permit to be sold and delivered for immediate consumption by the buyer or any other person any intoxicating liquor containing fuel oil in a proportion injurious to health, shall be liable for each offence to the like penalties as are in the first section provided in respect of the offences there mentioned. - ] "Provided that no person shall be convicted under the last preceding section who shall show to the satisfaction of the Justices (or in case of indictment to the satisfaction of the jury that he did not know the liquor in question to have been unfit for present consumption or such as to be injurious to health, and that he could not with reasonable diligence have obtained that knowledge. . "Every sergeant of ' calico or senior constable or constable specially authorized by the Inspector-General or an inspector of police, may on payment or tender of the value thereof demand and obtain samples of any intoxicating liquor from any person dealing in such liquors, or having such for sale; and may require him to show and permit the inspection of the vessels or vessel in which such liquor is at the time kept, and to draw the required samples or sample therefrom in the officer's presence. And any person being thereof lawfully required who shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to any such officer any such sample, the value thereof having been paid or tendered ; or who shall wilfully and without just cause refuse orncgleotto show, or to permit the inspection of any such vessel ; or who shall in any manner or by any means obstruct such officer in making such inspection, or in obtaining the samples or sample required, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds, and in case of any subsequent offence to a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds." > ' " Clauses, as printed, was altered tornados follows: "Where Gie prosecutor in any case under this Act shall have caused the drug, liquor, or article forming the subject of prosecution to be analysed by any competent analyst, the reasonable expense of and attending such analysis (to be assessed by the Justices may in case of a conviction be awarded against the defendant as part of the costs of the prosecution if the convicting Justices shall think fit ; provided that before the making of such analysis the person prosecuted shall have had reasonable notice of the time and place of the intended production of the drug or article or quor to the analyst for examination with the name of such analyst and-shall have been allowed to attend onsuchproj auction.". The title of the bill was altered to the following effect :-. "A bill to prevent the adulteration by articles of food or drink, and the sale of liquors injurious to health.'.' ,' On the motion that the report be adopted Mr. DARLEY moved an amendment that the bill be re- committed for the purpose of reconsidering now clauses, 8 and 9, and the title. He believed the bill as originally introduced would be useful, and that it was necessary. He had hoped that it would have been passed as on instalment towards a larger measure for promoting public health. Now a fresh matter had been dragged into the bill-a matter wholly apart from the original object, and one which would ensure the rejection of the bill. The question of what was injurious to health, or what proportion of fuel oil was injurious to health, would leave plenty of room for litigation. The person who sold this liquor injurious to health was liable under this hill for the first offence to a penalty of not exceeding £50, and for the second offence he was liable to be punished for misdemeanor. - This was going too far, when they were told that it was impossible to say with" certainty what proportion of fuel oil was, or was not injurious to health. He thought the new clauses should be struck out. " " " Professor SMITH said what he had previously said was in effect this-that no-one could tell the minimum, of fuel oil that might be allowed, and not bring the' liquor under I the operation, of the clause." Liquors might be sold con te''TUn"'*IW1Ka It" is -true all that -in Hayat HOUSE hesitate to say they were injurious to health. This was not, however, sufficiently definite in an Act of Parliament, DU the measure would be useful as a beginning. A Board of Health might be able to HK the minimum, and might say that liquors containing a certain proportion of fuel oil should be liable. There were extreme cases for which a conviction might he obtained under the clause as it stood. Mr. HOLT said hon. members perhaps were not aware that white spirits were used very extensively in rum brandy, and especially in liquors. These white spirits were made from potatoes. They were as little unwholesome as spirits distilled from other materials,- -Those spirits, he wasted, could be roused to a higher degree than any other spirits. It the bill had to douend.uponanalvsps by chemists it would be a failure. Although fuel oil was in a separate Rate when the liquor was now it was eventually transformed into what gave the fine flavour of old ruin. The fuel oil was changed into the flavour. New rum, however, was extremely injurious; nothing tended more to produce insanity and to fill our lunatic asylums. Mr. CHARLES CAMPBELL, in reference to the words 3' for immediate, consumption," and for. should not, itho had not carefully listened to what had fallen from hon, members, have known what was meant, by them. He should have supposed that they were used in order to prohibit a person from drinking liquors on the spot. He submitted that the phrase was so vague and unintelligible that the clause containing it would be inoperative for that reason, and they would lend to constant litigation. He objected totally to the. 8th clause. Hon. members would not attain their object by such a clause as this. Instead of doing good they would be provoking laughter., He hoped the clause would be recommitted, to save therefrom. being made the subject of jest. Mr. FOSTER said hon. members seemed unanimous in the expression of opinion that it should be desirable to put an end to the sale of liquors injurious to health and pros ductive of madness owing to their containing this fuel oil to a large extent. Nova theless, tim House seemed divided is the manner of showing its sincerity. It was objected that the bill would not sufficiently remedy the evil!, whilst on the other hand the clause was supported on the ground that though it was imperfect it would assist in preventing the evil. He took this latter view. He supported that which might do good, although it might not do all that was necessary to prevent an evil, in the present state of of things they could wholly meet the case, but they were not, therefore, to allow their fellow creatures to perish. It was better that the bill should be carried in its present shape. On the question that the words proposed to be omitted to make way for the amendment be retained, the House divided : AYES, to. Mails To-, ter Smith Stephen Macleay I no Sales 1 COT, G. li. Ogilvie of light yellow Cmliamo I NOKS, 7. - Samuel I Gordon I Busby } limit I Campbell, C. Darley ( .. Campbell, J. I I [Tellers. The report therefore was adopted, and the third reading of the bill was fixed an order of the day for Wednesday; next. DRUNKARDS' PUNISHMENT ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Sir ALFRED STEPHEN, in moving the second read- ing of this bill, said that the object is of the bill herewith" ciently explained by him on the iiiht'iondhi!? ; therefore, it was not necessary that he should occupy the time of the House now. By the lawns it formerly stood, and which this bill sought to restore, union- there were several) commitment for drunkenness, or drunkenness and disorderly conduct, one williams sufficed for the whole ; but the law having been repealed, and the clause making this lawful having been in advertently repealed with its separate warrants had now to be made out in each case Another feature of the bill was that a constable seeing a man drunk and disorderly in the street, could, instead of appro bonding him, lay an information against him and prosecute him in the ordinary way. He thought that was. it great improvement, and the other House had thought action, and had passed the bill in its present form. That form he did not altogether approve of, and he would be glad if the House would restore the bill to its first state, by giving a constable the same alternative in the case of a man who is drunk only. As the bill now blood, if a man so drunk and disorderly he need not be taken up, but if he be drunk merely he must be taken up, or he could not be prosecuted because the law is that a man, being drunk, may be apprehended, and, being apprehended, may be brought before < magistrate and punished. , Mr. C. CAMPBELL was sorry to find himself again on the side of the friends of intemperance, but he believed it to be his duty to remind his hon. and learned friend that the law of England was not intended to punish ( man for the mere fact of his being drunk. He, himself, had a great abhorrence of drunkenness, believing that we could not make men sober by Act of Parliament. He went further, for he did not believe that, 50 years ago when gentlemen were more in the habit of getting intoxicated than they are now, that drunkenness was so fatal to individuals or society at hugo us it is now when we have private drunkenness. He had great hopes of the reforma- tion of a man who merely became drunk through " good fellowship," as the great Scottish poet, Burns, had expressed it, but he had not the slightest hope of the reformation of a man who retired to his room with a bottle of alcohol in order to make himself drunk. This bill would not apply to the private drunkard, but to the man who had, perhaps, taken two, or three glasses more than was prudent, under the influence of good fellowship." He warned the House that, in passing this bill, they were opening the door to something that they might afterwards regret. He thought it would be most dangerous to punish a man on the ipso dixit of a constable that he saw the man drunk. He could speak feelingly on this point because he himself had passed twenty- four hours in a look-up, having been taken up for drunkenness when he was lying insensible from concussion of the brain, occasioned by a fall from his horse. Another alteration in the law which he did not like was that a man might he sentenced to imprisonment with hard labour under this bill. That was a departure from the principle of English law that a man should not be punished as criminal except on the judgment of his peers which our ancestors would never have tolerated. Mr. HOLT was surprised to hear his hon. friend say that drunkenness was not regarded as a crime in England. He had always thought that it was be regarded. In France, drunkenness was not regarded as a crime, unless it were accompanied by disorderly or indecent conduct,. In dealing with these petty offences we were far behind other countries. When he was in Berlin it was an offence to, smoke in the streets, and he being inadvertently guilty ofthntofleneo, was accosted by two police office! :," who took His name and address, and without being summoned before any Court, he received a notice informing him that he was lined one of two dollars, which he was directed to pay into the Treasury within a certain period, but, at the same time, intimating that if he had any objection to offer, he could attend at a certain time and place to do so. By that system all the waste of time to which people are subjected hole by being taken to Court was avoided. When in France he observed that they had a system there of disposing of petty offences before a Judge Depaix, similarly avoiding delay. He thought his hon. friend, Sir Alfred Stephen, would do good service by withdrawing this bill and bringing in a bill codifying till these petty offences. Mr. DE SALIS thought it would be well to have such a bill as the hon. member suggested. The Police Act empowered a constable to apprehend any person found committing an offence under that Act, and he thought an amending Act might be brought in dealing in the same way with all those offences us with this one of drunkenness. He pointed out that, whilst under the present law, a person convicted the CB'times of drunkenness within twelve months was liable to six months'impugnment; under this bill a person convicted of drunkenness four times within the same period was liable to only three days' imprisonment. He thought that habitual drunkards of that description, instead of being punished as criminals, ought to be treated as insane persons are treated. The House divided on the second reading with the following result : AYES. f> Marks I Stephen I Ogilvie v Foster I Holt j De Salis ( Samuel L Cox, G. n. p Tellers. NCES. Innes 1 Campbell, C, H Busby V T.n"". Campbell, J. | Macleay ! Darley | powers The House went into committee of of forma, and leave was given to sit again this day week. LUNACY BILL. The House went into committee to further consider the Lunacy Bill. Clauses 91 to 08 inclusive were adopted. Clause OS.' " Number of jury." , Mr. DARLEY thought this should he left to the law to decide. He thought the clause was altogether unnecessary. The clause was negatived. . Clauses 99 to 102 inclusive were adopted. Clause 103. Persons found insane in places beyond the colony." Mr. HOLT desired to draw the attention of the Government to the necessity of seeing that insane people were not allowed to be brought into the colony. The clause was adopted. Clauses 105 to 119 were adopted. r Clause 120. " On application not being made to the Master, costs may he ordered to be paid." Mr. G. H. COX thought too much power was given U the Master. Mr. DARLEY said the Master merely performed minister social functions. - - -. The clause was adopted. Clauses 12 to 14 were agreed to without comment.- . \- The committee then proceeded to consider the part refer! ring to the powers and duties of the Master in Lunacy in respect of estates of insane patients and the clauses 142 to 148 in that portion of the bill were agreed to, with but verbal amendments in one of the clauses " The next part of the bill was that dealing with the management of the estates of insane patients, clauses 119 to 176 and those, with slight amendment, were passed as part of the hill. L The miscellaneous clauses, 77 to 187, were then considered. \- Clauses" 183 and 186 were postponed for some material alteration. The remainder of the clauses, were -Jagged with jBX>laÔjdig-Ht »lta"«tinTir"in a law of th¿ru,_ajauj ghost of the schedules were agreed to as in the bill ;' the 13th, 10th, and 17th were postponed. ' ' Progress was reported, and leave was obtained to sit again on Wednesday next. I , ISLANDERS' SHIPPING ENGAGEMENT BILL. The House went into committee for the further consideration of this bill. Clause 2. " Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ' Seaman's Laws Consolidation" Act of 1864,' it shall not be lawful for any master of a ship or other person to enter into any agreement with or to engage as a seaman any South Sea Islander, Polynesian, or Asiatic (hereinafter termed ' islander ') at any port or place in New South Wales, unless such agreement or engagement shall be entered into as hereinafter provided before the shipping master of such port or place. A discussion took place on the question as to the terms which should be used to legally define the persons whom the bill was intended to protect. ., Mr. DARLEY moved the omission of the words " South Sea Islander, Polynesian, or Asiatic," with a view to the insertion in their place of the words aboriginal native of the Islands of the Pacific Ocean." The amendment was agreed to Mr. DARLEY moved the addition of a proviso to the clause providing that no agreement made with any islander out of the colony, and not made or appearing to have been made at a shipping or consular office, before either a shipping master or consul shall be enforceable against the islands, unless the shipping master or consul shall have certified that, in his opinion, the. agreement reasonably provides for the remuneration of such islander, and that it shall be the duty of the shipping master or consul, when applied to for the purpose, to express in writing whether the agreement does or not so provide. The clause, as amended, was passed. The schedule was amended. The preamble was amended so as to correspond with the amendments made in the second clause. The Chairman then left the chair, and reported the bill with amendments. The report was adopted, The House, at twenty minutes before 10 o'clock, adjourned till 4 p.m. on Wednesday next. 