SYDNEY VOCAL HARMONIC. SOCIETY. The first concert of this society Avas given before a crowded and appreciative audience; in the Ma sonic Hall on- Monday night, the Avork chosen for the occasion being Handel's 'Sampson,' one of his grandest and most finished productions. As it wasAvell knoAvn the members oi: the above so ciety had been Avorking hard for the past five months to ensure a complete performance, much curiosity Avas aroused, and a musical treat ex pected. That their efforts have fa ' len far short of expectation cannot bo denied, but t.i, the same time avc have much to be thankful for. The chorus singers numbered fully 120, tho so irano company being the largest and Aveakest, tin contralto the smallest and by far -the most efficient. Tho basses were firm and powerfid, the tenors correct and decided, and making due allc; vance for this their first pcformanee, the chorist. rs are entitled to much praise. The principal fn lit in this part of the concert Avas the total disregard to anything like expression. All seemed to ki oav their parts thoroughly, and all seemed anxior.s to make the most of this proficiency, the result b -ing a constant use of the forte, monotonous inth i extreme, and anything but creditable to their conductor. .Of the contraltos avc must make sp icial mention. However twelve little ladies could ;ing their parts Avith such strength and precision as to be dis tinctly heard even in the loudes tuttis, Avas a matter of agreeable surprise to a!1, and in those parts Avhere they had to sustain lo ig pedal notes their power and correctness produced the most pleasing effects. Amongst the bos' efforts or the chorus were ' To Song and D '.nee, ' Great Dagon,' and the glorious burs'; of harmony which ends this noble work. Thc.j Avas a hybrid species of orchestra accompanying Sampson, but we have some doubts whether further mention of this is necessary. When an orch.- stra incapable of playing Avith tolerable correct less even the simple Dead March, attempts to master the bril liant and difficult accompaniment io a work like Handel's, Avhat else but a downrightjfosco can be expected ? Once for all, hoAvevcr, let us state, a piano or harmonium has no right to be heard in an orchestra unless the composer has especially written a part for it, and when the.e instruments are used not merely to fill up gaps, or strengthen others, they betray on the part of ! he director' an utter ignorance or carelessness or! their proper use. From this criticism Ave Avill, hoAvever, except the violin leaders, Mr. Massey, and of course our honoured old friend Mr. Packer, who was chained to the piano, a very Sampson amongst the musical Phillistines. We believe the society is not in some measure responsible for the sins of the orchestra, but in justice to the singers wnose best efforts were of f.en spoilt by the barbarous accom paniments, we must draw attention to this, the weakest of the Avhole performance. Turning to the A'ocal soloists, we will dismiss the singing of the part of ' Sampson' with one word — it was simply ridiculous. The singer, hoAvever, is young and seemed extremely nervous, but as he showed some taste in the last solo we by no means des pair of his being at some future time an acquisi tion to our remarkably weak tenor ranks. Sub stituting over-confidence for nervousness our re marks on the singing of Sampson Avill equally apply to that of his Avorthy father, Mauoaii (Mr, A. Fairfax). Mr. Fairfax in our opinion never sang Avorse ; his intonation was slightly false and undecided, the unevenness of his upper and lower register made most painfully apparent, and his recitatives Avere simply murdered with expression, the said expression consisting of bel lowing a feAV notes fortissimo, and allowing the rest to sink to an almost inaudible whisper. We must, hoAvever, credit Mr. Fairfax for this, he seems to knoAv and appreciate good music, and avc believe to his efforts much of the choral suc cess of this society is due, for Avhich he has our best thanks. Mr. Ackland seemed scarcely at ease in his somewhat unthankful role, but never theless we were Avell satisfied with his careful exertions. Signor Steffani's appearance in the second part as Harapha Avas most Avelcome. His easy, self-possessed bearing, and the firm confi dence (begotten of real worth) with which he began his first recitative prepared his hearers for the greatest treat of the evening, viz., his splendid rendering of one of Handel's most spirited solos, ' Honour and Arms.' This was given in such artistic style that the audience fairly drowned the orchestra with their loud applause — for which we thank the audience. Signor Steffani's poAverful voice has seldom been heard to more advantage, and he gave his recitatives and solo3 Avith the firm decided delivery of the artist he is. The part of Micah brought out a iicav singer, Miss Sheridan Reed, Avhom 'we are most happy to Avelcome. Miss Reed possesses a good useful contralto voice, and her singing of the air ' Re turn, O God,' marks her as a singer of no mean ability. Last, but not least in a musical point of vieAV, avc must notice Miss Bessie Harrison, Avhose singing of tho somewhat distressing soprano music Avas most finished and pleasing; in deed but for her services the first part of the con cert Avould have been somewhat tedious. Her recitatives were distinct and expressively ren dered, and hor singing of tho great air, ' Let the bright Seraphim' Avas given with such brilliancy and truthfulness to the score as to Avell dosorvo the rounds of applause Avith which her efforts Avere greeted. In this solo Miss Harrison de serves great credit also for the manner in Avhioh she £ olloAvcd tho orchestra. This is the only way avo can say it, for the orchestra certainly did not ac company her. Miss Harrison, avo notice, is always correct and efficient in her parts, her singing is tasteful and carefully studied, and in music like Handel's Ave have few if any in Sydney to equal her. In conclusion, we Avish the new sooiety all success, but Ave are sure our musical readers will agree that it Avould be far better for Sydney to have one really good society than tAvo of only moderate capabilities. Parliament Further Prorogued. — By pro clamation of his Excellency the Governor, Sir Hercules Robinson, Parliament is I'urblior pro rogued to Tuesday, August 13. Fearful Street Accident.— A street accident, unparalleled for the excitement ifc caused and the effect produced, occurred in the city on Monday evening. A horse about to be harnessrd to a vehicle bolted from the neighbour hood of the horse bazaars opposite TattorsaU's, and, heading down Pitt-street, got on to tho pathway at the Victoria Theatre, wore crowds of men, women, and children were promenading. Some were knocked spinning on the pavement by the affrighted animal. Opposite this, office the horse collided Avith an elderly lady and her eon. Mrs. Morrison and Master Hugh Sydney Morrison, throwing them four or five yards away ; _ a wound of a very dangerous character was in flicted on Mrs. Morrison's head, from which she was rendered incensible. Still continuing his mad career the animal struck down Mrs. S. Mason, of Yurong-street, producing a dangerous wound on her head. Next the home collided with a Mrs. Hines breaking her ankle and otherwise inflicting severe injuries upon the unfortunate lady. Next the animal sent a man named James M'Lean spinning four or five yards, and then came to grief himself by slipping on the pavomeiit ; he was then captured. . We are glad to learn that Mrs. Morrison is recovering, and that her injuries do not noAV appear dangerous. Mrs. Hines is improving, and Mrs. Mason is recovering from her injuries and the shock sustained. Master Morrison and Mr. M'Lean likewise are rapidly getting over tho effects of the mishap. — Evening News. A man named R. T. Fos, lately from Victoria, whilst standing on the rocks at the Gap, South Head, Avas Ayashed into the water and droAvned. Although hundreds looked on no assistance could be rendered. Dablin&jiuest; G-AOli. — On Saturday after noon last, through the interposition of Mr. Hurley, Mr. Alfred Allen lectured to the pri soners in Darlinghurot gaol on temperance. A number of gentleman, members of Parliament, and the press, including the Vagabond, had been invited by Mr. Earnell's order, and, in the mean time, the Colonial Secretary sent word] to tho Governer of the] Graol that no one but Mr. Hurley, the mover in the philan thropic project of enlightening the prisoners, and the lecturer were to be admitted. Of course, when the M.P.'s and members'of Jtho Fourth Estate arrived and were told this by Mr. Read, they considered themselves ' sold.' They all, to make amende for this cruel joke, Avere shown over the gaol, and the ' Vagabond ' in his anger wrote a very tame article describing the visit. It did not prove very conclusively that he was the 'expert' in prison matter that ho boasted he was. Amusements. — At the Theatre Royal, Mrs. Scott- ^iddons is nov/ playing Boucicault's favourite Irish play, called the ' Colleen BaAvn.' Mrs. Scott- Siddons sustains tho character of Eily O'Connor in a thoroughly artistic manner. No character seems too complex or difficult for Mrs. Siddons. Tho part of Miles na Coppaleon * is taken by Mr. Chaplain in a manner that de serves great praise. He does not invest the character Avith any of that vulgarity, with which too ofton such characters are represented. He makes Miles an honest-hearted, worthy felloAv, with a real Irish brogue. Mr. Chaplain singG during the play ' The Wearing of the Green,' and on hia first appearance was encored. Tho other parts are all well played, and the scenery ? is gorgeously beautiful. — At the Victoria Theatre there is nothing new to note. — Mr. Hegarty has now engaged Mr. Dorsay Ogden, a celebrated American actor, Avho is playing Avith much success at the Queen's Theatre. — The Ghost afc the Guild Hall continues to draw large houses. The change in the programme has been a great attraction. — Signor Pompei io now making arrangements for the production of Italian opera here soon. The company includes Miss Sherwin, the great Australian soprano ; Signora Gua dagnini, Signora Fabris, Signor Paladini, Signor Canew, Signor Gamb etui, ^Signor Cesari, and other favourite performers. The New Guinea Expedition. — Brisbane, Sunday. — The CooJctown Courier publishes a letter from Mr. Olaudin, of the New Guinea ex ploring party. He states that nothing has been found in the shape of gold beyond a few coloui'3. The party went thirty-five miles up the Goldie River. The rivers v/era flooded by the rains, and the party were prevented from going further. An attempt they made to cut through the scrub proved unsuccessful, and it was impos sible to prospect further until fine weather, set in when it is intended to explore tho river by .another track. Nearly all the members Fof^the party have, or have had fever, the climato at present being very unhealthy. The Avet season set in this year very late, and no rain of consequence fell previous to April, and nine months of drought kept the crops much behindhand. The natives generally Avereivery friendly, but in some places timid. Thoy fly at the approach of tho Avliito men. They are much afraid of tho horses,' v/hieh they call 'big pigs.' Dogs too terrify them. Ho does nob advise a further expedition. Thero are already plenty of men to prospsct. Any party visiting New G-uinea should be atoII provided Avith sup plies, as the natives cannot bo relied upon . for food, having barely aufucienfc for themselves. They met wi'oh plenty ox kangaroos on the Labo koi Rivor for ilffceon miles xxp, but after that they entirely disappeared, and only pigeons and other birds are met with. Tho birds tiro very difficult to shoot. There are plenty of pigs, but the natives Avill not aell them at any price. They make great pets of them. There are plenty of wild pigs in tho .tic-rub, but none \vere shot, consequently tho pavfcy Avere short of meat. Mr. Craig narrates that the country is the most beautiful he has ever seen. There are situated but thickly follliaged fcre^ on the hills, and sparsely timbered patche:) o2 ccrub. H'e confirms the statement of Cluuduij tlifit, only live colours of gold Avero obtained by the Iccxliu?1; xrixly, forty milea up tho rivGr.j ..^.o ' ' ' . 