ilfj'. Belts' ltccltal. , If Mr. Botts and the four gentlemeu who were associated with hiin iii reciting Charles Dickens' Christmas Carol, last evening, at the Town Hall, had been commissioned in the causo of philantrophy tlicy could hardly have excited the - better feelings ' of their numerous audience more " than they did, whilst at the same time provoking their humorous' senses.' The entertainment was novel, and from first to last was thoroughly enjoyable, 'Evoryono who lias read the .work recited knows how striking aro the contrasts it presents ; and that the changes from tho lively, to the severe, tho sorrow ful to the joyful, are extremely rapid aiul unexpected. Mr. Botts' selection for the ovoning'8 entertainment was not only happy in' ; this ; respect, but ; it ,was a compliment to his .compoors that ho should enjoy so high, inn opinion of their capabilities, ' Ho undertook tlio first portion himself, end gave tho dialogue' between Mr. Savngo and his nephew with success, the voico of the "old nail being particularly well feigned. The only fault we could find with this effort was. that a want of dis tinctness was apparent, when, speaking in ;an undertone. The, entry of Marloy's apparition was graphically depicted. Mr. \V, H, Smitli then sang " Wilj o' tlio "Wisp " with fine tono and descriptive force. The wild style of tho music caine in very appropriately, and it kopt the audionco in the same thrill of excitement as Mr. Botts left it, until1! Mr. H. W. Knight took up the recital of the interview with tho Ghost; Like his predecessor, Mr. : Knight Rllci-ecilfiil ndmiinlittf ati ' 4-L» . 1.:_ solemn delivery being inspiring. . Tho noxt. interval was '.filled by. Messrs, Smith and' Benson singing, a brilliant duett, "Morryt Christinas Time," which was carefully ren dered nnd pleased the audience immensely, so much so that an encore was .demanded. " The Ghost of the Christmas Fast " was a seotion particularly suited to Mr, C. E. Davies' .ability, for tho schoolboy scenes and the porty at Mr. Fezziwig's were elabo rated in a highly natural and ploasing way. Mr. Robert Young, whose rc-appcaranco'was hailed with raptuious applause, saug a comic song with great success, as usual accompany ing himself. He ' was enthusiastically oucored, and fairly convulsed 'his hearers with "Not before Pa." The "Ghost of Christmas Present " was recited by Mr. B. Trovers Solly, and as it included "Bob Crotchit's Christmas Dinner," it may be considered to ombody nearly all the humor of the work. Tho fact that the Rev. Charles Clarke achieved so much success in this city with this particular number /did not detract in any way from the effort of last evening, as those who. ronewod their Acquaintance with the beautiful narrative were not disappointed; even acontrast might bemade; whilst all who hoard it for tho first timb'would ho doubt be glad. to look' up the points themselves. Mr. Smith next gave n splendid song, by Hatton, entitled "King Christmas," which evoked decided manifestations of appreciation. "The i Ghost of Christinas yet to come " was a very, serious theme for. Mr. Albert. Rotd,' but lie snoccedcd admirably. - Au incident occurred soon after lie had commenced which' was calculated to distach the gravity , of any person loss experienced in public read ing than Mr. Reid, .for a sound which awakened strong .suspicion J of a drawn cork, coming from bohind tho organ, was hoard distinctly through tho liail, The faot that two or throe other pqrfbrmors , left the stage, immediately . afterwards, streugthened tho belief that a mistake luul been niade .iu,tUe mechanical < effects, and tlmt one of tlio nccompanyists of Mr. Bob Crotchet's Dinner had been introduced .whilst Mr. Reid was relating the dismal sceno in the Churchyard. ' "When the. humor which such an cpisodo engendered ' had passed, Mr. Reid Imd the entire sympathies of his hearers, and on 'completing his allotted part lie was awarded ( . great. , applause ungrudgingly. Mr; ; Wni!. Benson !tlien sang Luiley's' beautifully plaintive composition " Little Nell," < but tho -limited' -exertion ho -piit forth betqkenod insufficient Btudy. Some enthusiastic ndtnircra of tho singer, howovor, committed tho audience 'to an cncoro, but tlio secend effort- was . no i - improvement ui>oii the first. Ir. Betts1 recital, !' Mr. Scrooge Transformed," >vas a splomiid elocutionary feat, for lie threw, great spirit into his delivery, and accompanied it with suitable gestures and postures. -. At the con clusion lib -was recalled, whereupon ho thanked the audienco briefly. Another of Mr. Young's funny songs brought this pleas ing entertainment to 'a close. - " - - 