HOLIDAY IMPRESSIONS OF TAS: MAH1A BY TASMA. Is there a n&tiott; under the sun. savage as the Indian, semi-barbarous as.the Tartar, or poetically refined as the French or Italian* that has not discovered the, caressing effect of the "proper, application pf the diminutive? jpetitpire is. none the less coaxing, that petit plre may weigh some 100 kilos odd, and a prefix of "little" to "rascal" or rogue" will rob,them of alljheir obloquy. Heaven kriowshbw deep the source of. the univer sity of the custom may lie! Eight dowil in and "evil" with 41 big." it is a more pro Bate solution still which traces it to the in stinct inherent in us all of petting young animate of every description, human, canine, or feline, as the case may he. But, however the custom. may have arisen, .it holds, good, There is nothing that thediminutfve, lightly applied, does not enhance or qualify. .Les pichte tnignom are smothered in rose leaveR. ,A " little sinner" is a somethrngthat captir j ^Doming from vast; wide .stretching ^iotoria& j unbroken, crisp* under We. trembling^©! i air of a January .sun,-to the cool, he^er! divided "Isle of .Beauty:" called .TfLsmama, ? the force of the dimibutivp becomes apparent j ,On either side.of the Tamar tfye. flats are not sufficiently prominent to,reflect the harsh effects of the, drought .They, show out iji yellow patches, that give a piquancy tpa character otherwise too serene ; shimmering hy ithe^ftter'^ edges! brilliant foils to the dull soft greeu o£ thy thickly .growing ti trees. fringe the banks of thB sweet,.clear Tapw for many a year to come, these .softer ,ti trees, / When bright tin mines apd ripketty x^ilvayp: have lent a costliness to land costly to-day; only from anesthetic point of view,; they ,will tell of a tiine when.Tasmania was,thei land of the " Jofais eaters," where ;; " Sweeten'd with tliejwmmer ligfct, {UVicMicuuvuwu). a) "* - .*7 : vellers on the mftifr line from liaunceeton tot Hobart Tpwn, have my' word Of !testipaony to bring forward. Once upoh a time etfejyb6d|y; who nad the misfortune' to bedragged to the top of the Pyramids felt himself consttainfed to publish an account of, his particular expe riences to the world at large. And it wasthe. . same with regard to the Falls 'of Niagara, i Discerning readera never stop nowadays at a chapter headed "The Pyrataids," or "The; Falls of Niagara." Everyone knows by heart the reflections they call forth. ; In fact, there can be no possible reflections about them that have not been reflected and used up over and' over again. But allowing that the Pyramids and Niagara are beginning to be held in oheap estimation,, because thousands, and hundreds of thou sands, have been up them, and behind them, and through and through them, ana have come back to embellish the tale, the main line of the Tasmanian Rail way "must be approached from a loftier, a more mysterious pointof view. There is a supposed stability about the Pyra mids which leads one to the inference that for the next few thousands of years they will be open, as now, to the inspection of the dimtters of posterity,' and as for Niagara, though scientists assure us that the falls are retro- : grading at the rate of so many inches to so | many centuries, flippant people (and the j world, as a rule, is tull of flippant people) ! see every prospect that the show will last out their time, to say the least of it But j who can say for . what a privileged few the main line, of Tasmania may yet display the marvels of its tortuous course? Daily the express "urges on its wild career" as re gardless of the innuendoes levelled against the straightforwardness .of its path, and the trustworthiness of its character, aB an inde pendent woman, who runs her course suc cessfully, and flings back defiance in the face of her detractors. It is so terribly in earnest that one seems to feel-'that,' living or dead, it will rush to the terminus, within the con tracted time. And there ishardly breathing space allowed to ponder on the strange game of chance which whirlB one through Jericho and Jerusalem, in a country no older than the oldest convict within its boundaries, which leads one by the banks of the sluggish 'Jordan in a country where the Jews are not a generation old. Tasmania is not without its rains; never theless. There are occasionally to be seen from the windows: of the'train, a heap of narrow crumbling walls, remnants of ancient convict stations. There is lititle interest at tached to them. Nothing more1 romantic than the cry of a felon under the lash could possibly haunt these dreary spots. They mar ; the free beauty of the landscape,.unfolding itself as the train nears Bridge water into the double beauty of river and mlL In its way thiB bit of scenery is Unsurpassable. On the Launceston side there are some suggestions in the small rich fields and leafy lanes, the undulating farm- land, the hedges of-may and hawthorn.: Bat here, near HobartTown, the suggestions are all original While the train twists about like an eel, until one seems to Bhare in the effort it is making to keep its equilibrium, one is brought alternately face to face with both sides of the view. There . js no reminder ;of anything one has seen before on'either side; Mount Wellington, ^eweather-jzlass of the tovhispeople, so sus ceptible in line . to every; passing «loud or travelling sunbeam, has a form and character au :it8 dwn, 'It is said that, seen in profile from the Glenorchy side "rT6* ^ to 'say, with its fluted precipice showing like a sharply-cut step in its outline -the (mountain bears a resemblance to a lion couchanfc. -That may he;< in the: sense in which grandeur and repose call to mind a hon at test To trace any actual resemblance J®^^nirs the accomodating spirit of a ..;Wh|le the train is skirting the water's $dge His advisableto loOk one's ifolL There-art J1T®® the reooUectiottiof this broad . Dana of blue shot With dancing'sparks' ot Bjlvevgirt.in oh the opposite. shore by. dark j.?!? heights thai Seem to rise fathoms, Hm*flb&W; fi*^ie ^most parti, ^^te Uke tSs. It Is »-waste *>f oppois f as towero foieed^tfe ^euU^.t llgliMt rtch l1" Bdtli.' (" ?""^vnjwvaiMfBW-oiBixauunii,. «sus ar ata' not clear even now. 'It could not have Mil for the stoppage, which was the 'Signal for a stampede of the children all over the countty, and an dpportunity for rolling o£F the1 seat orvto itshead immediately 'seieed tipqn by a hitherto; nnohtrttsive baby. If it was with the dim idea Of leaving any of the children1 by the way, they frustrated it by poking back with a double stock of activity i before re started afresh. ' There is ati odd sensation iri the Tas manian train of being guaranteed from serious harm by that very diminutiveness which seems inherent in all Tasmanian associations. To be sure, it is utterly un1' reasonable. It may readily be confuted by the story of the man who was drowned :in a saucer, tin putting hiB head out of the window to see the band pass by. The window c&me; down andpmned hiB face to a sauoer 'full of water. Whereupon he was drowned; In the same way it may be. inferred that be the lmeof rails so narrow, th6tifain ever so cosy land 'Sportive, any 'undue 'ahtics ?£ ^onid have as deadly an. effect afe theCollisions %he huge UoiisterS athotafe. 2^feeling lb 'one of ! for One, should be lifted;?? ^fo thifl pleasant1 fancy disturbed wKrt 'playing 4t accidents is quite to compare; Hobatt 88 * .cathedral town in | antiimity,of course"; gnqrjg^M, it fepttre egoism wtich ttiafces Slflr^P;?0 e^ia^ (P^aei'to anfthifaS oeWAgb htini&tt; aswfe^ooi #am notour©! TOoi^;thrtin!^eTfcailtf the Hobartltown cathedral ah? enhance its : value in the tymMtimmtifrb whohave Jtttera of the alphabet jfor the j^Sw^Wnapple-pie--'wiio ; have rbfegged ifotife and fiddled for Lb, and f sung -for tit, andliaggled;fbr;!ifc;:r5n ithe *i»«paftnt and^friendly. fashion! in: which haggling; is carried on «t Ktiasaassui .iAnd norwthej' have £0t it*,.: And Hwr^cherish: it ; AS W6 igivwi np ! troubte^-thatrtB aMpe a)at ; of . each I of^ their: lives. : * .%$rdSefett?jffewaahas, 1 antiqnity ; faoni it: mast' fee < ladmitted thai, r har<> ! there, the pavemente itrip jwaferfipiji^o a sort ; of wondering curiosity as ,to their remote first cause) it has. nevertheless, a ghost^stmy. < A well-^uthenticatedi. unsolved, plaflJiiWe £host istory J Perhaps, among the -'.things mot i .dreamed of in our philosophy,"; it may be 1 that-sinister events ate photographed upon ? some unknown medium in the atmosphere of ; ;a place, and reprodttoedander certain don ditaons ujpon our brains long After, the abtors mi them have gone to feed, &e; sap. , Who ever would judge of the possibility >o£ iftach a reproduction must .make ipqiuries in Hobart Town for & haunted. house-a, house wherein a moaning woman will rock herself to and fro before your passage window, and flee with ghostly, ghastly haste from an un seen murderer, ana creep shivering beneath your bedstead and abjure you in tones of chill terror to " send for a doctor." For this is how the story runs, and how it is related in sober earnest by those who seem pitiably convinced of thecertainty of what they nave seen. I will not betray the haunt of the ghost. If it were a consistent ghost, it would take refuge in Rat's Castle, than which there could hardly be a more ghostly-looking house in the midst of any city in the colonies. Victor Hugo would write ten chapters upon it, devoting, perhaps, two to its unwholesome colour, two more to its tall decrepitude, four, at_ least, to the faces passing behind its shivered window fr&nies; in the dusk, and two like. depraved* cMipring, .arounf its' ment You pass it on yottfway to thip x^b# course, which lies right out of Hobart .Toira in an enchanted territory near O Brien*s .Bridge, hidden away from all view of the town. Such a back-ground for the flying dots of colour as the wide grey river, streaked and silvered in lines and patches, the abruptly rising hills and mountains, melting into the sky under the mist that softens their purple glow, like the bloom on a grape, is enough to make your face wander from the flat. And in this grand setting is a complete and charm ]ing miniature of grandstand, saddling-pad dock and etceteras. All iB miniature except ing the sport. The races by day and the theatre by night were the public resources of Hobart Town during its holiday week. With regard to the theatre there seemed to be a lack of discrimination somewhere. It is not given to everyone to be an art-critic, but, so tar as acting is concerned, everyone has a right to speak as he finds himself individually affected. In the teeth of a company not familiar with the play, of a Claude Melnotte whose dress was an anachronism and a burlesque, Whose appearance made the sublimity of his early sentiments grotesque, Mrs. Scott Siddons gave herself up to the agonies of the "wounded Paulihe until she herself as an actress was forgotten, and all the hearts of . her Audience went with the outraged woman. But in next day's paper there was nothing btit" a captious notice of the failures in the rendering of the piece. " That thou art blamed shall not be thy defect, For slander's mark," &c.; . What hazy sequence of thought leads me from Mrs. Scott-Siddons-whom I remember in connexion with Tennyson's lines : " Once for wrong done you by confusion; next For thanks, it raiihs, till now neglected; la$t For those ywir dalntygwnboW' to ,H.M.S. ship Sappho, lying in a harbour that her namesake might nave chosen for a grave if the Derwent had washed the shores' of Greece! Apropos of which it may be in valuable to the youth who has . hiB way to in life to remember that on visiting a < ; manrof-waf he inustL turn towards the fore JmdMlnte ^er Hue^iy^ flag before saluting .th^.|6ffi^m ,commana' I heard^ this advice *give^,tp i&1anbition& povifermtf ent clerk, who, j^ojnwg^thihg^od^t Jifarryatt, wanted to. appear nailticaL .He acted upon it(to the letter, with the little drawback qf mistaking the raid ln \iew-in both senses-and on 'fetching the deck turned towards the stern ana feaTuted it; with a grave; flourish. He I never knew until lie was retnrmng in the boat'whjr the Chief bfficer Bmlled. l believe his has jgiven up the idea of attaining naval distinction..Bufc 'jthe Sappho is gone, and ^rs. Soott-Sidapna has gone 1 I don't know wbethto 'even' the v^host ,has - Mtstayed the 'BeaSOn in HolMui ToWn, bht whoever goes in quern qf it Will find ehjoyme^; of fiof#ert; be fotiM irithe ^K Wft "pertttrbed«pirit" ajphenbitfeh^n. iftet all, we are most of tie ,a^aj^tai'^m^tt;6iie fehape or to&ther.; 