i T H E P ® A N T O M M I K B R. ! Y ("H Mtoi'!/ (if the old gold digg'uiif dtiy-t.) Tbll you a ghost stoiy," said my uncle Nod, a hale old ) gentleman of 70 ycai's. " Well, I will relate a peculiar aff.air that happened on.Tallmaiis Gully, in 1859." S Wc were .all .attention, and listened to the very reraark- C a,ble narrative ho related in the following manner-: Y " You must know," conunciiced my uucle, "that I and ) four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the I river — livinar. I said. I should liave called it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sulficient gold to S keep us in the commonest tucker. After our cveryday's f work, you may be sure wc were tired enough ; but wo were ) every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of .a pick, about fifty yards from our c.anvas home. This / confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did Y not cease until the bvo.ak of day. One night wc were \ determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the r bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel Y shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, h.ard at work an \ oldiclaim which had been deserted for many years. I was ( chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger ; Y but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, \ tr.ansfixcd with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's ( clothes w.as no liring oian, hut n nheloton Y " Uncle Ned 1" wo all cried, " how fearfnl.'.' C " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- / to-do looking man; of about fifty years of age, who Y enquired for a digger of svhom we kuew nothing .about. C He told us f.hat'in '5l he .and a . mate of his deserted from / one of Her Maje.sty's ships, and s'-artcd for the Tallmans Y gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few C months, when the new.cpmer went down to Melbourne to / see about some letters.- Before he -vvent, be said to his Y mate, 'Bob, whatever yon do, never stop working the claim for a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and / they parted, tl went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- Y diggcrj ' and there was arrested: as a deserter, and sent on t' board,; and now that. I have obtained my discharge, I / have hastened up here to find my old chum.' 'You will ) see.hilii toTiiight,' I said; ' but you'll 'find him very, much f changed.' At raidAight, the everlasting clink of the / phantom's: pick was heard, and wc all turned out. ' Ah 1 ' ) cried the.Ysailor, 'there's dear old .-Bob. Bob, here I am back. vBob, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which ) turned its hideous face on him. With a loud shriek the seeker k fell.senSelcss on tbc.,gTquhd. -The.- gst threw down its pick, and vanished." Tu ''the ihofiiihg' we discovered the ) poor sailor a raving, lunatic,'' . . " Oh. uncle Ned, what a fearful story." " " Well, you asked me "to" tell- you story, and I have I done so.l' - ' ,. ; I Then', it is'not true' ?"' - ' " Well, said, our .uncle, laughing, '.' .it is as true'las many ' of the absurd yfirns.that'got about cluring the raging of I the gold, fever. - Ah,. thoseiiyeVe strange days, when men would nndcrgp any "amount'-'of privation for a few ounces of gold. . How differcntpfc is now; "for should a man he pushed for a large; or siiiall amount aE that he has to do is to 'have an interview with I DAVID HENRY;' of 52 Collins street east. Who has from .£0 . to, £ l'0,000 .to lend' on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or; .without security), _ salary orders, life I policies, certificates, deeds, bill oif lading, legacies, goods, , mcrch.andise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., ) repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discbuiited diiily- at the lowest rate of interest, and ' mortgages from 6 per cent. 