i THE P H A N T OlM \ M I N E R. | y ( A storg of the old'gpld d'lyying days.) " Thll you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar . affair that happened on Tallmans Gully, in 1859." k Wo were all attention, and listened to the very remark- f able narrative he related in the following manner : / " Yon must know, comraencea my uncle, "tuac x aiici ) four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) wc were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to keep us in the commonest tnckcr. After our cveryday's ' work, you may be sure we were tired enougli ; hut we wore ) every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink V of a pick, about fifty yards from our caiiyas home. Tliis confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did > not cease until the break of day. One night we were . determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth lii the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel I shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an old claim which had been deserted for m.any years. I was chosen spokesman, to cxpostul.ate with this noisy digger; i but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's clothes was ho liiniuj man, hut a sholctoii ) " Uncle Ned I " we- all cried, " how fearful." , " One night, our toil t was visited by a handsome, woll- ' to- do looking m.aii, of : about : fifty years of _ age, who ) enquired for a digger of whom, we knew nothing about. Ho told us that iu '51 he and a mate of his deserted from ' oho of Her Majesty's .ships, and started for the Tallmans ) gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to ' see about some letters. Before he went, he said to his ) mate, 'Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the claim for a day untii I come back.' Bob promised, and ' they parted, ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- ) digger, ' and there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on board ; and now that I have obtained my discharge, _ I have hastened up here to find my old chum.' ' You will ) see him to-night,' I said; ' but you'll fiud him very much changed.' : At midnight, the everlasting clink of the ) phantom' A pick was beard, and we all turned out. 'Ah 1 ' k cried the sailor, ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I am : baok. -Bob, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which turned its hideous face b.n him. With a loud shriek the seeker > fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its pick, .and vanished. In , the rnprning we discovered the 1 poor sailor a raving lunatic." . , " Oh, uncle Ned, what a' fea,rful story." " Well,- yon asked »e" tpi" tell- you . a . story, and I have dorie SO." , "Then, it is not true . 0 - _ " Well, said onr -nricle; laugliing,_.-'oib is as true|as many 1 of the absurd yarns that got ' about during the raging of the gold fever. Ah, those were strange days,, when men would undergo any, amomit-Ofi prIvaU"- . fiO/a. flow lA-riow should a man he I pushed for a large or small Amount "all that Jie .has to do i,s to havcan mtervieiv.with. -'A - '- " i DA"V"ID HENRY, ""or 52'". Collins, street east. Who has" ft'Otri £5 'tb:£,'l0,00'0 tblefiri- bri notes of hand, bills of sale (with 0i' without "security), salary orders, life f policies, certificates,, deeds, Bill .of lading, legacies, goods, , merchandise,..on .expected, reiriittarices, or on moneys per- ' sons may be entitled to; Hriiri Englarid and elsewhere, etc., ( repayable to suit 'the cbrivenience'o'f . borrowers, j Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and ' morlgagesJrom 6 per-cent.-; 