XilFE WITH CHRIST. A SEIMON BY THE REV. JAMES VAUGHAN, M.A. " "With Christ."-PHILIPPIANS i. 23. If we wish to know more fully than any .of us have yet attained to know what it is to be " with Christ," its nature and its preciousness-we must ask Enoch ; or Moses, who was so conscious of its indispensible necessity, that, without it, he would iffier stay iu the desert, than go on even to the laud ot promise : " IE Th y Presence go not with me, carry us not up hence :" that true, unhesitating echo to God's, own large un dertaking, "My Presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest." And remember that the Presence of God, to tho people in the wilderness, was the Pre sence of " the Angel of the Covenant," that ÍB, Christ. Or, we would ask those three young men, what they found in the seven-fold furnace. Or, many a one since, who, passing tlirough the fires, or the deep waters, has realised the sufficiency of that one grand word, " I will be with thee." Or, those who were with Him on the mount, wheu " they beheld His excellent glory." Or St. Paul, and all the holy martyrs and confessors, who could forget all their sorrows and their anguish, and find their triumph in the one thought, that they were Buffering " with Christ. " Or, we might go up a step higher, and we might let them speak, who find their blessedness in heaven in the Bingle fact, that they are "with Christ." Or, you might go to Bethany, and hear the accents of our dear Lord, when He reserved it as the very last present to His Church-the dearest and the best -"Lo ! I am with you alway, even to the end of the world." Is it too much to say that, if we could fulfil this one condition-have Christ with us always-the whole of life would be one Sabbath walk to Emmaus, "and our hearts would burn within us," from the cradle to the grave ? But the Presence of Christ is the climax and the far-end of all that is wanted. He came to this world that He might die ; and He died that He might rise ; and He rose that He might live ; and He lives that He might be with His people. And therefore the felt Presence of a living Saviour is the height of the atone ment, and the furthest good to mau. Now, we are not to confound tho Presence of Christ with the Indwelling of the Holy Ghost. Of course they are inseparable ; and they can scarcely be distin fuished even in thought. You can never sever the 'rinity. If one of the Blessed Three, then all. But He who has the Spirit within him, will have also, besides, a Christ with him. And that Christ with him is as real-if he have faith in him, more real than any form, or any substance, which ever presented itself to the outward senses. The office of the Holy Spirit in thia matter is to re veal that Presence and Person of Christ (without the Holy Spirit, no one eau know or feel Him), and to ennoble us for that sweet intercourse, and those blessed confidences, which that Presence gives. Por it is a marvellous thing, if we think of it, and utterly beyond all natural comprehension, that the Son of God-that greatest, and most powerful, and loveliest, and holiest, and kindest Being in the uni verse-all full of sympathy, love, and grace-Himself God-3hould he actually with us, though hidden from the eye ; with us, night and day, and for no other purpose than, to do us good ! It is so inconceivably grand that we cannot soar to touch it ! It is so infinitely good that it seems too good to he true ! And yet, if words are not mockers, what did that last promise mean-Lo ! He Himself saw it a matter of great wonder and admiration: " Lo ¡. I ara with you' alway, even to the end of the earth ?" or that positive undertaking-" I will never leave thee," " thee," not the<£)hureh collectively; "thee," the singular hum ber : " I will never leave thee, nov forsake thee." Ar« there degrees of this Presence? Do we have it sometimes more than at others ? .We- can. hardly say that. But there aro degrees of the sense of the enjoyment of the Presence. And the measure depends on thc revelation which the .Holy Spirit 'gives us ;J and that revelation depends upon the extent, to which we are obeying, and honouring, and cherishing the Holy Spirit with us. ' The sense, not the fact, of the Presence of Chrißt is the reward of holiness. - But now the great question meets U3, how do we obtain this Presence? And on what conditions do we hold it? And, first, I would say that we can scarcoly claim that we do obtain it at all, for it is always beforehand with ÜB : and He comes to us of His own free, antici patory .love and favour, or ever we had a desire or a . thought for Him. When was Christ not with His people? What means that magnificent passage in the eighth of Proverbs, where Wisdom, personating Christ, says : " When He gave to the sea His decree, that the waters should not pass His commandment: when He appointed the foundations of the earth : then was I by Him, as one brought up with Him : and I wa3 daily His delight, rejoicing always before Him ; rejoicing in the habitable parts of His earth ; and my delights were with the sous of men." Before a man was made! Or that, "When thou wast under the fig tree"-whenever that may be, whether, when he was hidden as a little babe from Herod's persecution, as the legend runs ; or whether lie was engaged in some act of secret power : "when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee." Or that encouragement of St. Paul concerning Corinth, before there were any converts there : "I have much people in this' city." Surely we were in the mind of Christ, and He was with ÜB, long before we awoke to the dawn of .the con sciousness of our vast possession ! Nevertheless, we must inquire practically-what is our part, what have we to do, to co-operate with the eternal love of God, concerning the presence with us of His dear Son ': And first, there must be agreement. "For how can two walk together, except they be agreed ?" Agreement implies two things. You mu9t be in a state of reconciliation and union ; and you must bein harmony as to the principle upon which you act and the end which'you pursue. Now as respects the reconciliation. That Christ has dono. It is all finished by His death. You have only to accept it. . You believe it and it is yours. But as respects the oneness of aim and obje:t the two cannot " walk together" long except they moot noon the same point. You must remember that Christ's ono purpose of ambition, during His whole life, was the glory of the Eather. He always had it in view, and He went straight to it. And if you would bo " with Christ," and walk " with Christ," here cr for ever, you must havo settled it, once and for ever, well with yourself-what you are living for. It must be for God. Not for yourself-not for the world not for any little thing-but foe God. "1 liva for Him, ' whose I am.'and whom I serve'.* I lire for thV glory of the Father.!',; . - . - . Then, the agreement of reconciliation by His death, and the agreement of unity of purçose,. being settled, you may start upon your walk " with Christ." \- This once settled, there will belittle difficulty about the rest. The great secret, after that, will be realisa tion ; and that which grows out of realisation, confi dence. To realise such a thing as: the presence of Christ, is not an act of the intellect, nor even of the affections it is the gift of God. No one can understand it but those who have it ; and nono can get it but thoBe wlu receive it from God Himself. But believe it, and yot have it. And what is it ? Not an influença ; not an emana tion ; not an abstraction; but a Person, A PKIS30M"( and that Person is with you; and you with Him. He is a Man! He has a countenance! He looks at you ! He smiles at yon ! He listens to you ! II» speaks to you! You can tell, as well as Peter told, when He is " pleased, and when He is grieved!" Ho , ; is, sometimes, alittle way off ; sometimes, « long way off ; sometimes, quite close. That depend« on you.< Tc» the eye of faith, He is holding your hand, and you lean upon His breast ! He carries you in His arms ; and the more the rougher the way ! In your sorrows, Her mourns for them ; He takes them ; He boars them; He neutralises them ; He turns them into joys. And in your joys, He enhances them ; He doubles them* He makes them safe ; He makes them holy*; H» - eternalises them. _ His sympathy becomes a power, without;' which . life would not be life-His Presence a necessity ta you. While you, on your part, you get tba habit of telling: , Him everything, as to a Brother at your side., You need no other to whom to confide your, secrets : you . need no other to whom to confess your sins. Why should you? . As you go, you go followingly, as every one must go who walks with Him. And you see footsteps :. and ? you tread in their prints ; and, as you tread, He ii - " your arra every morning." You presson.His love,- ? and the more, heavily you press, the. better Ile is pleased. r ' ?.' . ? You go to sleep, and the.last thing you, sea., is . ? - Christ. And you wake, up -iu the morning, and Ha is there. You hear still voices, and you recognise - His ac- < cent :-"It'is I ; bo not afraid !" ."Fear thou not, for I am with thee." " I, the Lord thy God, will . hold thy right hand, saying unto thee, Fear not ; I will help thee." '.'He is near that jua tifie th'me : who will contend with me?" ?. * Now it is easy, to see. what ah independence,; what s - satisfaction, what a rest.they have reached, who > can thus find their all in that which, alone of all'things int' tho world, can never go away, and never change meeting them every instant; fitting into every cir- s cumstauce ; filling the heart, and matching with the infinities, of which we are conscious, within our im mortality. ? . You can hardly conceive-if you have never felt it -what a few moments spent with Christ quite alone -without any abstraction whatsoever-cando.! How it will smooth a ruffle ! How it will elevate» depressed, feeling! How it will purify a wrong passion ! And how, when you come-down, "men will take know ledge of you, that you have been with Jesus." God says it seven times-"With Christ !" It is pleasanter to Bay, " I: am with Christ !" than to.say, "Christ is with,me!" Just as "My beloved-is mine !" ÍB not so good as " I am His !" For "Christ' is with me !" makes me the centre, and the centre may fail ; but it is far happier and surer to maka , Him the centre. "l am with Christ." That centre will never fail. . As life goes on, there is a tendency, in most of us,, to narrow in our circle, -and to seek and-wish tha friendships that we haye, and those welove, to be few. And, as it goes on-further, the few grow fewer and fewer still. It is not a wrong^feeling ; it is in accord ance with God's own plan.. Friends do grow fewer; they must grow fewer every day ; and they will go. on, and they will grow fewer, and fewer, and fewer, till there is only One. With that One-that One alono ^-we shall presently have to go and take cur iong last journey. : . - :.. The pageant of life is like that grand display upon the , mount of transfiguration. It lasts!-'a little while, and it is very bright. And-th9nit all- passes away into . darkness ; and. now, aa. then, "Jesus is found alone:" alone, but enoiwh ; and, as He felt, to His Father, wa . feel to Him. " You may all go, and, leave me.alone ; and yet I am not alone, for Christ is with mo." And that same law will obtain for ever. We owe life " to Christ ;" we hold life " in Christ ;" we occupy life "for Christ ;" and life'H place, for . ever, is "with Christ." - . St. Paul held the balances of the present and tha : future life ; and the scales hung very evenly, in his hands ; but the one thought, which he put over against all the joys, and all the affections, and all the usefulness of this present life, waB :-not the rest, not.. the felicity, not the glory, not the fellowships of. heaven-but the single fact-" with Christ." And on that single fact he wrote, "Farbetter!" "Far ? ... better !" And so Christ Himself felt: "I go to prepare a place for you, and if I go to prepare a place for you, i will come again and receive you unto Myself, that ' where I ain there ye may be also." . , .; ' And this was St. John's beatific vision of the i blessed: "They follow the Lamb whithsrsoever Ha goefh." There, as hore-the, all in all-without which heaven itself would be no -heaven-is-" With. Christ !" And if it is all to us, is it less to Him? Is tho joy only ours? If it is a clear thing to meto be "with - Christ," it is a dear thing to my Lord to have me; with Him ! What was " the joy set before Him, for which He endured the. cross, and despised the shame?" To have His people in heaven. Why did " the corn of wheat fall into the ground and.die ?" That it might . not be alone. It is a wonderful thought-that it is my life to be "with Christ !" But, it is more wonderful than all- . it is Christ's Hf o to be with me ! 