Racing Anticipations The weight for age races filled only tolerably well, with the exception of the Trial Stakes, for which ten entries were made ; and the number left in the handicaps was reduced by two since the acceptances on Monday week. Sport begins to-day with the Hack Hurdle Race, for which there are three nominated : rointer, and Comet, an unknown to me, and unless Comet be the winner of the two steeple chases at Toowoomba and Brisbane in 1876, 1 shall 'plunge' for Billy Buck. One of the largest entries on record, in this Colony, for a weight for age race, not being a Maiden Plate, is that for the Trial Stakes, the winner of which will probably be found in Mr. Lyons' colt, Blantyre, with Lemnos and Langar, provided the latter can stay, for cock-boats, if the son of the Barb should come to grief in any way. Doucaster, as a three-year-old, has all the best of the weights, for a liorse of his breeding aud power ; but he Ls one of the dark division, and, besides, liis engagement in the Town Plate may prevent his starting in the Trial Stakes. Potentate is well bred enough for anything, and is a game, honest sort of horse, but he has taken to racing so late in life that he wants more time to learn what is wanted of him. Zephyr is another of the dark and mysterious ones, and comes from a local quarter that is always about to do wonders ; a stud ' that never is, but always to be, blest.' Old Mirza will have to improve on his Gayndah form to have a ghost of a chance here. Sultan^ Dr. Powers second string, ahorse of goodclass. if he be fit and well, seems to have lost the form that enabled him to spread-eagle his field in the District Plate here, three years ago ; but Langar, the Gympie representative,, (an animal of about the same class as the late Mr. ' Adcock's Chance, when thoroughly wound up) if he chooses to try, and is iu anything like fettle, should give the best of those entered some trouble. Seven acceptances for the Town Plate should bring a good field to the starting post. The top weight, Melbourne is far from out of court, not withstanding his 9st. 91bs., and the Dirk, at 7st. 31bs., is ' hot property for he is about the same horse as Chieftain at anything under 8st. 7s., and Chieftain at 7st-. 31b., would be up to his neck on it. The Brisbane handicappers weighted the pair within a pound of each other in the Metropolitan Handicap, and neither of the two have done anything since then, to alter this estimate of their relative merits, so that had Chieftain been nominated here, the Bris bane handicappers must have weighted Chief tain and the Dirk within a pound or so of each other, again ; and this exposes the fearful blun der they made in poor Jibboom's impost ; for Chieftain, last July, gave Jibboom two stone and nine pounds at Gympie, and a five pounds beating besides, yet here Jibboom has to give away weight to the Dirk, from whom Chieftain could never get away ! ! But though Jibboom, like the unhappy Count and IL, is considerably 'sat upon,' the Qirk won't quite win, I think, to-day. On last year's running, Echo should hold Gamester and most of the others, safe ; but the son of Nemo and Eva has ' gone back,' while Maribymong's moderate son has ' come on,' since then, and should the finish be left to this pair, I fancy Mr. Maurice Lyons' colt will turn the tables on Echo. Rhoderic Dhu looks like a race-horse, as far as one can judge of a horse in his clothing, and he walks with that long swinging step that generally betokens the power to gallop, if not the will; and his breeding is good;, but his,, pnblic running is against him, albeit he has never been fit to race; srnd, despite his good looks, and his Windhound and Alice Hawthorne blood, I can't trust him this journey. Dontturter is said to hare Seen stopped in his work, and to walk lame, but, whether this be so or not, 'I like & performed' horse for a race of this description, and shall 'place Melbourne 1 first ; ®ie Diric,'8ecoB.d, a»id Gamester, third.' The NovelBace shtfuld^fa3i trf Bismaick,-a^d ) the tflyjijg handicap , to thetwo-yearald,,; 'Watercress, itith Slantyre in' close attendance upon befe. '- Th'e^liadies'; Parse will, of cotarse, i be a walk over for Melbourne, unless Mr. j Carter, with his indomitable pluck, tackhphjinj With Mirza, but it won't be a case-of meeting* Whalebone over again ; and j^iapsHappv Prince may go to save his stake. ~ - On the Second Day, ^acing-«gaiabegins with ? a. jumping Affair and thongh'1 -the gallant old chcsnut, Forfeit, is cruelly loaded with weight, I shall- stand -him against the other, whose jumping, so far as I knowyis vmcertain. The Quensland Ptete is perhaps the most 'open handicap of the meeting, though I expect to see Watercress' number run up first on the board, when all is over ; -ibiit ji wfete vfer wins, there will be a race fer the money. If Melbourne wins the 3bwn Plate, anlessitbeby the closest of shaves, he will possibly ' do the trick' ^ni.tlic big handicap, but jjf. have,, a iancy-; for TheDiw: here, «-m'e how;- for though he' lik$ a mile and a-half quite as well as two, j|Tivlfk- 1 think his antagonists' like the 'shorteV distance a great deal better than the longer 1 oa. ? , ; v i . i 1 Epsie, Mr. Atherton's filly, 'by Norman, should be good enough to win the Hack Race, though Bismarcl^i£«0w3-eat if it comes*® ? a race : and Count will probably obtain second ^ money for the Railway , Plate?;*/ be can get two miles; if not, lay all your money on Happy Prince. My vaticinations summed tip, then, stand t thus : — Hack Hubble Race.— Billy Buck, 1. , Trt A Tj Stakes. — Blantyre, 1 ; Langar, 2'f1 Lemnos, 3. ?Town -Piai®.— Melbourne, 1 1 The Dirk, 2 ; ' ?Gamester, 3. , ' Novel Race. — Bismarck, 1% Flying Handicap, f— Watercress, ! ; Blan tyre, 2. Ladies' Pubse. — Melbourne, 1 ; Happy Prince, 2 jr Mirza, 3. ? Second Day. Hubdle Bace.— Forfeit, 1. ^ Queensland Plate.— Watercrefe, 1 ; Jrb ^rfc^'BpSikbiCAP,— Dirk, 1 ^Melbourne, 2 ; XSainestfer, % , Hick' BACE. — Epsie, ! ; BisihJifcck, 2. BAiLWAf Plate— Melbourne, A ; . .Count. 2. V':'* 1 --CE£nQiMJB» . : , 