DIRECT LONDON TELEGRAMS • LONDON, August 27. It is probable that a compromise will be effected between the Porte and Russia with respect to Batoum, and that although ihe Lazes will be tributary to Russia the existing officials and institutions will be maintained. The B ritish, French, Italian, and Turkish delegates of the International Commission appointed to enquire into the recent massacres in Eastern Roumelia have agreed to a report, which, however, the Russian and German delegates have refused to sign. The Austrian delegate was absent through illness. The report confirms the worst accounts of the outrages recently committed by the Russians and Bulgarians 011 the Moslem inhabitants of the province. RECEIVED.— Truth and Pr-.yress, the Shetcher. and the Adelaide News. SPURIOUS half-crowns are being circulated in Adelaide. THE South Eastern. Star is now coming out in a considerably enlarged form. A TOWNSHIP is being surveyed at Black Point, in what is considered to be a good situation. ~ Mr. R. BELL, Kilkerran. has succee led in growing a turnip this season in that locality, two feet seven inches in circumference. THE Jane Eliza has just brought the first instalment of the new season's wool down the Murray. THE Standard has a sparkling article on the Governor's Levee, for which we thank the Editor. THE reserroir M the Ardrossan Creek now has about 14 feet of water in it. and is holding well. THE Primitive Metho lists of Wallaroo Mines, held IIouie Mission .Services there last week, and the proceeds derived therefrom were considers I satisfactory. THEY h;ive a ghost at Wallaroo. The policeman is eager to -cultivate its acquaintance. He is not the only man that we know who has a penchant for spirit*. WE have been informed that the new Government tank that has been in course of construction at Port Victoria, is finished and is ready for the next rains. THE Port Br lUghton Railway cost £.10,- 088 3s 10d., and the average weekly earnings since it has been opened lias only amounted lo £1S 5s 4d., pee week. IT is proposed to build a Church at Yorketown for the members of the Anglican Communion. Mr. Jacobs has promised very generously to give a site, and Trustees have been appointed. WE (Standard) Lear that a well-known churchman of the diocese has presented the Bishop with a handsome jewelled altarcross. vases, and candlesticks, for use in the Cathedral. Dr. HAMILTON is loavi:;j the district having resigned his connection with the Wallaroo Hospital. Mr. Lang announces per advertisement the sale of his effects, on Thursday next. THE surveyors are busily engaged in surveying the hitherto unsurveyed land in the Hundred of Ninnes, and there is every probability of its being placed in the market at no very distant date. WE have to acknowledge the courtesy of the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lino's m forwarding a- set of plans, handsomely bound in atlas form, showing the principal settled portions of the province. The Steamship Company lately formed at Edithburgh, have sent to n Melbourne firm, to get a suitable steam boat constructed. Fourteen miles an hour . is the speed bargained for. THE approaches to the Ardrossan jetty are being attended to. under the superin tendency of Mr. T. Jones, the Local Iload Board Surveyor, and will be in readness for the heavy traffic which will doubtless pass over it the coming harvest. FATAL ACCIDENT.— Mr. Robert Taylor, well known in the Moonta district as a useful and earnest worker in connection with the Wesleyan Church (of which denomination he was a local preacher), was killed by an explosion of a charge of dynamite at Taylor's Shaft early on Monday morning. Mr. Taylor was highly respected among his fellow workmen, and though not a very long resident in the district, his death is regretted by a large circle of friends. Mr. WATT'S letter, and Police Court, Wallaroo, received too late for this issue. Also held over (in type) letters from Corbin Lamb and W. Thomas. THE Sunday Closing Committee have requested us to say that the memorials to the Assembly against the repeal of Nock's Act should be sent in not later than Friday; and also that -ve would ihai t!i.>y u{,y be forwarded lo this office. Rev. CHARLES CLARK.—The date of Mr. Clark's appearances in the Peninsula will be found in our advertising columns : and we understand that the lecture wiil be " Westminster Abbey and Charles Dickens," the latter being the lecture by which the celebrated orator first established his brilliant reputation. The Moonta Institute wLl certainly be found too small on Friday Sept. 6th. THE foundation-stone laying of a Sunday School, in connection with the Wesleyan Church, Kooringa, was successfully celebrated last week. Rev. H. T. Burgess assisted Rev. Mr. Campbell by conducting the services on Sunday, and addressing "the meeting 011 Monday. The tea, collection--, and donations amounted to upwards of £265. The cost of the building. &<• will be about £800. GOLD DISCOVERY—Some excitement was noticeable at Blyth on Monday last in consequence of a report that gold has been discovered on the Plains. Mr. Nottle. jun., showed the residents some specimens of nuggety gold which he said was washed from some soil in a creek about seven miles from Blyth township. We have not seen the gold, but are informed that the sample looked waterworn, and that some of the pieces were about as large as a grain of wheat Northern Argus. PRESENTATION—On Friday morning i as t the pupiis of the Wallaroo Model School, presented Mr. and Mrs Warner, who are about to take charge of the Model School in Adelaide, with a beautifully executed address. The assistant teachers, through the first assistant, Mr. Wiil shire also presented Mr. Warner with a beautiful bound volume " Illustrated Home Life in England'' and a mother of pearl card case. Mr, Warner replied very feelingly to the kind remarks that were made, and thanked them heartily for their kind gifts. His Worship the Mayor of Wallaroo was present on the occasion, with several others of Mr. and Mrs. Warner's friends. DESERTION. — On Friday. August 30th, David Mutton, was brought up before Messrs. G. F. Wyatt and J. R. Corpe. JJ.P., charged with deserting his wife and family. From the evidence it appeared that defendant had left his home in June last, and had sent nothing for the support of his family. He stated that he was at the Burra on his way home when he was arrested under a warrant; and that he was willing to go home and stay with his family. The Court intimated that if he was willing to go back to his family, he might do so ; "but he would hare to pay the cost of transit. £4 7s. 2d., and half costs of Court. 10s. A MEETING of the Moonta Sunday Closing and Liquor Law Amendment Association was held in the Council Chamber on Satur- day, 30th inst. Mr. Adams presided. Several gentlemen were present, and the Rev. J. Nicholson reported that he had received communications from several persons in various places in the colony, statins that public meetings had been held in the centres of population, and petitions were being largely signed for presentation to the Houses of Assembly and Legislative Council. He had also received a letter from Captain Deeble, asking to be excused from attending and stating that C. S. Hare. Esq., M.P. requested to become a member of the Association. A constitution was framed, officers elected, and a political committee formed, to influence the electors as much as possible at the coming election in favor of those candidates who are pledged to support Nock's Act. REV. CHARLES Clark-.TIig remarkable sac* cess which has attended this popular lecturer on his northern, tour followed him to Port Pirie and even to Port Augusta, where he made his first appearance last Saturday ni-^ht before a crowded audience, whose enthusiasm was unbounded. He will leave Port Augusta to-morrow morning, and the same evening, in the Wallaroo Institute, he will give his lecture on Westminister Aobey." the loveliest and most loveable thing in Christendom. This is the new national lecture-entertainment which recently excited so much admiration in Adelaide. On Thursday and Friday Mr. Clark will repeat " Westminister Abbey " in Kadina and Moonta respectively. We notice that in Port Augasta the tickets were 5s. and 3s.; here, however, the prices will be what are called popular; but the convenience of those who. desire secured places has been met by provision of chairs, and a small booking fee. ON Thursday. August 29th. a meeting of the Moonta United Cricket Club was held at the Prince of Wales Hotel, for the purpose of electing officers for the ensuing season : Mr. T. Burtt in the chair. The following gentlemen were elected, subject to their acceptance of office J. R. Corpe. Esq., J.P.. President, and R. McCIeneghan, Esq., Vice-president. T. Burtt, Esq.. was re- elected Field President and Mr. C. D. Southcombe Captain, with Messrs. S. Roach, J. Hocking and A. D. Bennett practice captains. Messrs. Southcombe. Hocking, Roach, Cocking and L. F. Richards were elected committee-men, and A. D. Bennett was re-elected Secretary. Votes of thanks were passed to the retiring officers, and it was decided to play the open- ing match on Wednesday next, eleven against eighteen, the names of the respective teams being as follow :—Eleven—Southcombe (Captain), J. Hocking. E. Hocking, Cocking, H. Moody, Hillam, Richards, Pascoe, Roberts, Roach, and Bennett. Eighteen— Lyall (Captain), McPharlin, Young, Burtt. Blackney, Whitford, Olifent, Rodda, George. T. Roach, Cottle, Castle, Roach, Moffatt, Martin, T. Martin, Derrington, Lake : emergency men— Bray and Learmond. PUBLIC MEETING, WALLAROO.—A nublic meeting was held in the Institute Hallj WallaiMo, 011 Friday evening last, for the following purposes :—To urge upon the Government the necessity of at once proceeding with the proposed new jetty; and to complete the Kadina and Wallaroo Railway; and also to consider the proposed repeal of Nock's Act, and the most eligible persons for election at tile coming Legislative C election. Mr. T. Davies, the Mayor of Wailaroo, presided. The first resolution was moved by Mr. Heath, seconded bv Mr. Bath, and supported by Mr. Malcolm and the Rev. C. G. Taplin, each of whom made out a good casein its favor. It was as follows: — "That this meeting is of opinion that the delay in the construction of the jetty and railway from Kadina to Wallaroo,'is detrimental to the successful working of the line, and the interest of the district, and that the Government be respectfully urged to proceed with the work wthout delay." The next resolution was entrusted to the care of Mr. Haselgrove (M ayor of Kadina), and wm to the effect That His Worship the Mayor be requested to forward ihe resolution of this meeting to the Commissioner of Public Works, andlmpress upon him the necessity of the work beiug proceeded with as rapidly as possible.' 5 This was seconded by Mr. Coltman, and like the previous one was carried unanimously. The Rev. W. Davidson then moved .—" That this meeting would urge upon the people the necessity for ths signature of "the petition to the Legislative Council, and House of Assembly, protesting against the repeal of Nock s Act by the passage of Mr Morllock's bill." This was seconded by Mr" :vri'colm, find supported bv the Rev. C. G J'ajilin. and on being put to ihe meeiing was carried. A committee for carrying out llie resolution was then formed, and the meeting closed. THE following is an extract from a letter t© 0 the American Railway Gazette by an American Engineer who has lately made tour through th" Colonies nn.l in speaking of South .\\!isii-:il>:\ Railway:'". *'Tn Snut.h Australia liw railways are both 5!'! ,'5iu ;l!u] 3ft Gin gauge. They are of v.-ry g.>••<] character, vior" economically constru<;! than in t ie two colonies (New South Wau:s and Victoria) before named. The rails are both patterndouble headed and J—the ballast broken stone and gravel. The lines are well managed and in many respecty cmn- Y>a.vefavcrahl ; gradients and curves are b >th easv, the country being generally level or but slightly undulating. The locomotives are all of English manufacture, of various types, and approaching the "American" de>ign. The carriages are of the English style some of them long with two 4 wheel trucks under them. There is a disposition to adopt American ideas, the Engineer in Chief. Mr. H. C. Mais, being a liberal min ied sensible man, disposed to take up whatever appears best adapted to the work, regardless of its origin—differing from some others in this respect." WHEN it became known that employment on the Wallaroo Mines would cease, naturally fear was experienced in other directions as to the effect of low prices in the English Copper Market. The difficulty was met at the Kurilla in this way. On Friday morning the following notice was posted on the Mine :—It is hoped that 110 apology is necessary, in the present state of the Copper Market, for asking the whole of the employes f this Company to as- ist them through he depression by a reduction of wages equal o ten per cent., to begin with September onth. All those who are under contracts re also asked to assist in common with the ther employes, as the prices fixed at the ime of contracting were higher than they ould have been bail the late reduction in opper been anticipated. The Superintenent heads the list under the reduced rate." n Saturday morning the men met, and aving weighed over the whole question, reolved to work under the reduced rate. The en under long contract—of whom there are 9 out of a total of 5<»—accepted the same ondition; and up to this date, if we aie rightly informed, only one man has left his employment as a result of the proposal. We congratulate the men 011 the sensible course they have pursued. THE Port Wakefield and Kadina Railway will be completed, so far as laying down the permanent way is concerned, we believe by about the I2th September. This portion of the work has been performed with unexampled rapidity—so speedily, as to remove in large measure the stigma thrown upon Government works generally, which are usually carried 011 so as t > give ground for the significant and injurious descriptive epithet —" The Government stroke." Thus for the six days ending the 22nd ultimo, there was half a mile of line completed each day, besides other work for crossings, and for a siding" at the township of Melton, seventeen miles from Port Wakefield. making a total equal to three miles ten chains for the six days—the greatest length of line ever laid in one week in the colony. There are, we understand, 101 men employed ; but the number cannot be kept up to such a standard as to maintain this rate of progress. By 25th August, there was completed l!)j miles of line from Port Wakefield ; and the main camp has been shifted to that distance. On Saturday we noticed that the engine had reached a point opposite to the horse-station of Hill & Co., Green's Plains : and would have been still further ahead had there not been some mistake m.ide as to tfie sleepers, which caused a slight delay. We think praise is due to ths Inspector who is immediately superintending this work, for the energy he manifests in pushing it forward. THE Moonta Musical Society gave their third concert in the Institute Hall. Moonta, on the evening of the 30th inst. There was not a very large attendance, as a drizzly rain had set in just about the time of opening. The programme was initiated by Miss Barkla playing very liicely an overture 011 the piano, "The murmur of the stream." This was followed by Mr. Hocking with The Veteran," which was rendered with that gentleman's usual ability. Then came Lahce's Cantata. Build me straight, oh worthy Master," by the company, which was very fairly rendered. Miss Barkla's song, " Bonny hills of Scotland" received a well-deserved encore. The company followed with a second selection from the Cantata, and then Mr. Dyke gave the " Standard of England," which he sang better than we have ever heard him .sing before. *• Sail 011." by the company, though fairly rendered, evidently suffered for lack of power in the voices engaged, there not- being sufficient volume of sound to be proportionate to the strength of the orchestra. Mr. Hocking then sang the " Knight's farewell" very impressively. At this juncture Dr. Elphick, on behalf of the members of the singing class in connection with the All Saint's Sunday School, presented Mr. Dyke (who was about to leave Moonta) with a very handsome silver-mounted baton, as a mark of their regard and esteem : He made a few appropriate observations relative to the time and energy that Mr. Dyke had spent on behalf of the children, and hoped he would regard the present as an evidence that they appreciated his efforts. Mr. Dyke very feelingly replied, and spoke well of the manner in which the children had attended the meetings, and their general behavior and attention to his instructions. After a brief interval Miss Barkla played another overture 011 the piano, and Miss Martin sang " Why do summer roses fade ?" very prettily. The " Night is advancing" was well rendered by the company, and Mr. Hocking followed with " The Arab's farewell to his steed," which was encored, but this demonstration did not evoke a response. The chorus. " In light tripping measure," was heartily given: and then Miss Barkla followed with the gem of the evening, " Climbing up the golden stair." The playing and. singing of this young lady quite deserved the appreciation shewed by the audience. The company sang " Away, the morning's freshly breaking," following it with "God save the Queen," and this brought the well-sustained pro* gramme to a close. An efficient orchestra, under the able leadership of Mr.Bargwanna was in attendance, and Mr. Dyke acted as conductor, with Miss Barkla as pianiste. After the concert was over, a few members of the Society met in the dressing-room of the Institute to bid Mr. Dyke good by, and he received many hearty wishes for his future prosperity. 