IIEKKAK'K GHOST. The best bit we have read for months in a Yankee parer ii (lie revival of fnc i*os» of u departed pumlist :— ?? The ihost of » ouco famous pugilist, J. O. liennan, was inaterialisod lu Hi.cluslcr, SYiv Vork, a sliur I time ago: llocheslcr is famous as the plua when; lie Fox iliten Urn startled I he world with ghostly rigbu und wnndi. Toe eebora ul (he rapa neard lu b mysterious cellar iu tllCciti* nF lln*hnH»r ndiivltr tlblttv ve*n ago, Imve been icboing round the wolldever ?iiteu tiist time, trad are sini Inarching on. Of couiee liboitlf vlillori lu Rochester are mure domolilttMin limn they ire In almost any other place. 'J'be raps ore louder, more d.rauasmthc aQd,;aslhehcud-]uartrtsortl)C givjtl srniy uf xpirituid located there, the ( mMerialum matt of course be itrll de veloped. When Uccnau appeared* therefore ou luc nigut tu question tie wag a muscular aud frukr ghost. Uii form w»s walwart as It was. In life. He Blood erect, with Ma head thrown slightly backward adl elicit eliuuded. Hit amis appeared large, mid Mi uiuEdei stood out like whipcords. There wai a bright liglit lu tbe ghostly eye, and aa neconndod oo tbe platform Lya atep wu as firm and agile as that -rf a panther. Everything in the appearance «nd make-up of,llic materialised aplrU of IJeensn gave proof of good training In the spirit world. lie has of count some of the iraUicn there, and they no doubt took special delight in sending the great champion upon carlii in proper condition. Such dufiirg as Tom Crib Tom Bayers Dcu. Ate', Dill Tool, and Tom Hyer would not under any circumstance* allow tbe Beuieia boy to appear before a UocheBter audience unworthy of hit carttily fame and training. Ihcy could read '? May the best man win' all orcr the materialised form. If the aston ishment of tbe audicnoe was great when Bcenan bounded upon the platform ana exhibited bli manly form, Hie wonderment was still greater when be essajed lo speak. The voice of a ghoul has a peculiar elect upon buman uerres. Bo, when liee nan's spirit opened iu mouth a thrill ol inunse anxiety ran through the audience. 'Jif locrels anybody as doesn't Believe,11 »«ld Mr Italian with great fmnre. .Iveneas, casually balancing niniselt In front of n partKlon, and slriklng it a terrible blow, - let liira stand up. £f there is any one that ulnclinod to question this perform - anot, let him come forward. I'm waiting forului. 1 mint to convince biro. I think we are all believers,' said AirHccuan tinil lug sweetly. ' llut tbere fs one more teBl. I want somebody to grab me. Oh ! I should like to bare somebody to grab me ! Just niakt the least motion to grab me !' aud Mr Iloenau extended bis hand, slightly bending tbe knuckles of the iuflerible «ngcri of the same, and pawed the air with anxiety. A deep silence settled down on those present, and nubofly seemed to want a further UbI. In a few moments the ghost of Hcenan vanished, and a sigh of relief passed through tbe crowd, which seemed like the rustling ol leaves in tbe moonlight of an sutumn even ing. 