Liverpool. IIIVBEPOOL.—Mr. C. A. Scrivener, sjgent for the CUMBERLAND MEROOBT at Liverpool, is authorised to receive subscribers' names, and orders for advertisements, job printing, &c.; IS-Mr. Scrivener trill also supply SEWIING ^[ACIONES on time payments, or for cash. For list of Machines see C. E. FDLLBB'S advertisement in another column. (From our Correspondeiit.J THE GHOST.—I have, with two or three others, been to solve the great " ghost mystery," which has mgntly drawn a crowd to Elizabeth-street. It clearly arises from reflections thrown from kerosene lampB from a house or houses iat a distance. This could not have been done unknowingly, and certainly those engaged could nave been much better employed. , DINNER.—On Thursday ,the 28th ult. our Mayor gave a dinner, to which the aldermen, tre Council's officers, and a few friends were invited. The affair ,was admirably: got up—in fact, as good a spread as a party could' sit down to, bearing testimony to the hospitality of the hpst. Champagne flowed in abundance, all the toasts ' being drunk in bumpers of that tempting fluid. 1 Aid. Pearce, as the oldest inhabitant present, took the chair. After the dinner, the chairman proposed the, usual loyal toasts, when Mr. G. Davis proposed the health of the Mayor, to which the Mayor replied, thanking the aldermen for the confidence shown to him in his election.. Sp'eaking of . the harmony with H which the aldermen were now working together, he expressed a hope that the existing good feeling would be preserved. Mr. , Stratford proposed the Liverpool Council, which was responded to by Alderman Scrivener. The Town:; and District of tiyeqioolj' ihe Tress, and other ; usual toasts were proposed And responded to. The last toast,' proposed by Alderman Scrivener, was the Hoist and Hostess, which closed ; one qf the ^plectsantest evenings pssaed here, without a single disagreeable feature to mar its pleasure, . ILLNESS OF THE MAYOB.—I regret, to have to repbrt that'our Stayor haB had a sudden and-rathor serious attaick of illness to-day, :fro*i which Intrust - he wil lsoohrecover. : ••..:«(> :- 