ON DOCTORS. Doctors are men with eye-glasses, and black coats, and shiny hats, and bends in their backs. Thoy havo soft voioes, and speak as if they had just left off singing very solemn music. They smile softly when they meet you, and shake hands with youin a Blow, deliberate way. They love th o society of canary birds and leeches, and other sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed oveiy time the clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp towels to make them glisten. They drink cold water when they rise in the morning for their health, and put oil on their hair for the good of trade. A man once told me tnat no one ever yet saw the ghost ot a doctor, for tho moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather around his ghost, and treat it so badly that it is ashamed to show its face to respectable people over after wards. He told me that the reason of this is, because tho doctors made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most ungrateful class of people. When doctors come into a parlour or drawing-room thoy bow, and rub one hand over another, and smile, and bend over you, and ask in a whisper, ' How are we getting on ?' Then they walk over to the chimney-glass, and arrange their scarfs and hair and tho folds of their shirts ; after this they turn their backs to the glass, and having stretched out their arms to the full length, twist their wristbands a little, and smooth the back of one hand with the palm of the other. All this makes them cool and collected, and pre vents them from looking within ten years of their real age. When doctors come into a bedroom they smile and talk about the weather and the price of mutton. Then Ibcy look out of the window, and ask who lives opposit^JHnd whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the Lancers, and if there is any truth in the rumour that his eldest son has given «.p his wild habits and is attending to his profession. After this they walk over to the sick person and say, ' Well, so you have persuaded yourself that you are not well. Now, let us see — let us Bee.' Then thoy catch hold of the person's hand, and take out a huge gold watch, and look as if they woro going to sleep. After a while tney shut the watch-case with a loud snap, and sigh faintly, as if they were waking ; then look up at tho ceiling, and look down at the ground, and make figures with. the toes of their boots on the carpet. After this they inquire how often the sick person has asked what o'clock it was during the past week, and if he had been picking his teeth with brass, or cutting his hair with a rat trap. After they have been answered, they request tho sick person to put out his tongue. When thoy see tha tongue they say, ' H'm,' very softly, and sit down, with another sigh. They then inquire if the sick person has ex pressed any wish for sausages, or buttered Scotch, or oxalic acid, or any other poison, or if he has been using terms of affection in connection with his mother-in-law, or with tho Commune, or with the income-tax, or if he has in any way exhibited decided symptoms of a wandering or enfeebled mind. Upon being answered, they say, ' H'm ' again, and leave the room immediately afterwards. As soon as they get back to the parlour or drawing-room, they say that the sick person is not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possible. They order him to be provided with a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. They forbid that he shall see any bills, or telegrams in the daily papers, or anything else that would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take up a piece of paper, and write a few badly spelled words, and draw three-leg-god stools, and frying-pans, and regiments of soldiers, and other (jjbildish figures upon it, and request to have this semt to the apothe cary's. When the apothecary sera this he «ays.'-'OL bother!' and places it on a file. He then takes aitotUe of paraffin oil, and, having put a pinch of salt and a little nutmeg into it^ sends it home to the sick man.' Ftnatiuti Kink, 4 