FEWS OF TEE DAT. The Port Danvin line wob restored yeatcr- liv morning, but the cable beyond Batavift BtiU interrupted last night. Subse- nuratly early this morning it ©J notified ihit the Port Darwin line had been again Interrupted by storms. The line to West was also interrupted beyond Port Anensta, and thereforo there could bo no in- Stance obtained of the -arrival of the in coming mail steamer at Albany, where it ,u dne last night. So much business still remains to .be dis- med of in the Legislative Assembly that lie Government will find some difficulty in concluding the session by the end of next fcefc as Mr. Berry purposes io do. Mr. Eerrv announced last night that to-day he ril propose that a Bitting be held on Friday, in orfer to clear off as many bills as possible, ttd finish with supply. The Legislative Council made progress vith several bills yesterday. The postponed ctasa in the Juries Act, making County Court juries consist of six instead of four at tie option of suitors, was agreed to. The Bankers' Books Evidence Bill, the Lien on Crowing Crops Bill, and the Fisheries Bill were severally road a second time and pused through committee. The Rosstown Railway Bill was passed throngh all its itages. At its rising the Council adjourned until to-day. The CuBtoms Duties Bill, dealt with yes terday in the Legislative Assembly, besides rsduciug theBtoek tax on sheep, repeals the wattle bark duty and relieves the Baw mill- owners of Echuea from any oppressive opera tion of the duty on redgura. It also pro- rides retrictions in regard to the nse of. \ terosene, thus affording protection to the . pnblio from the dangers arising in conse- I gnencoof tbo recklessness of persona who ire is the habit of handling this inflamma ble oil when it is of bad quality. The principal subject of discussion in con nection with the Duties of Customs Aot, which was considered in committee by the | Legislative Assembly last night, was the i proposed roduction in the Btook tax. The i maintenance of the tax at all was vigor- ! oaely opposed by many hon. members, and | Mr. Service asked wbat could be the object | of having it reduced instead of abolished altogether. Was it hoped, he asked, that hy the reduction from yd. to Gd. per-head they would be able to restore the traffic between Bivetina and Melbourne, which had ' m fill on off? Mr. Casey pointed out that the effect of the tax had been to shut up the meat- preserving establishments, which hid been doing a large trade, and were cos- . toinera in the market for something like 7000 held of sheep weekly. It was contended that by shutting out from the market one large industry they were enabling the general consumer to get cheaper meat, but | he thought that such a policy must ulti- i mitely prove disadvantageous to the colony. 1 Mr. Lslor contended that an inferior cIbbb of ! animals had been excluded from the market, 1 whilst the advantages derived by the rich I ud the poor inhabitants of V ictoria were that ; they now had a better claes of meat at a lower \ price than that at which they could obtain ( it before the tax was imposed. The asser- j tion that the tax prevented the meat pre- j isrving industries from being carried on had i co force. That statement was made to con- | col the real objects of the stock agents in i Melbourne, In order to meet the require- ! meiitsof tbatindustry, however, the Govern- j uient would allow sheep intended for the ; manufactories to be imported, slaughtered j md exported iu bond, so that the meat. preserving business could no longer be 1 affected by the tax. At present the I preserved rneul manufacturers bought their | n.eit in the market almost for nothing, but Hit was a fictitious trade, which ought not j to be in existence, Iu raply to Mr. Service's 5 itatement that the Riveriua trade was fall- | lag oi), Mr. Lxlor quoted statistics, which he said Bhowed that the quan- | tity of wool imported during the | three months of July, August and Sep- jj timber was nearly three time3 that of the | corresponding quarter 'of last year. As for I the redaction in the importation of stook, he I attributed that entirely to the late drought, I sad, taking all the circumstances into const- I deration, he thought the reduction compare- | lively insignificant, fie anticipated some B loss in the traffic from the Riveriua district I a consequeuco of the railway extensions | recently effected hy New South Wales. Mr. | Berry argued that the tax was promoting | the interests of tlio Victorian farmers and P electors, who would Boon be able to supply I itcry possible demand in the markets of this B rolcny. On a division the tax was carried, I forty-one voting for and twenty- eight against I lathe Legislative Assembly last night Mr. | Kimmo made an appeal to tho Government I whilst the Customs Duties Bill was under a Moderation for a duty 'of 20 per cent, to | U placed on hosiery and shirts. The hon, I center pointed out that the manufacture of | thesearticleawaslikelytobecomeanimportant E industry iu the colony if reasonable en- I' wuragement was afforded. In his own oon- I jhtoency a factory containing a large num. | of hands had been in existence for | tome time, and in the case of that establish- | tent and others the advantage oi some suoh I wistance as that which he asked the Go- | vrrament to grant was felt to be necessary | cntil the manufacture of hosiery became I I thoroughly localised industry. Mr. Lalor | uid it was too late to do anything in tbe i tatter this year, but he intended to propose I wte such duty next session, I The Commissioner of Customs, in moving | ue leoond reading of the Customs Act | amendment Bill, yesterday, referred to the j iairability of establishing a good under- I Jiiuding with the neighboring colonies in re. I fercnce to the trade across the Murray. He I aa of opinion that the difficulties in the I "''S'1'. be overcome, and he expressed j ha determination to do all in his power to j Nig about a system of reciprocity. I The excitement caused throughout the I twntry, in consequence of the outrage per- I frirated by bushrangers at Mansfield, made 1 itself manifest in tbe Legislative Assembly j juterday. The member for Ararat was tho I rt ' I? kr'n2 "'e matter under the notice of I tie House. He complained that-tbe steps I uken by the Government for the capture of | t.e mnrdererB were totally inadequate, and I tiTJ 'b0 despatch of tho whole of the Jj ' femes to the townships bordering on bvMansfield district to proceot life and pro perty agaimt the four men who aro at present Cjiog from tbe police. Messrs. Orr, Graves, luey and others spoke upon the snbject, tat their recommeodations were mncli more I pilc;J'an<il0aB melo-dramatic. Mr. Billson I 'b0 Government to offer a reward of I j, and Mr. Casey agreed that it would I « , a'J'e ®er a higher reward than I tint offered already, in order that the speedy I uptnre of tho bush banditti might do away I with the reproach of their existence in I b'r- Berry informed the House I jt'thewaataking tbemost energetic measures I I, pf0Vent ibc continuance by the marauders I "-"fr career of murder and rapine. He I 'bat tbe amount of the reward aould be increased from £200 to £500 for I «mPjUra '.eacb man. Iuspeator Nicol- I m ?,tece"efi instructions to spare no WMuble expenditure in prosecuting tbe pnnutt, and a measurw would at once be in. ' houueed, passed ns'quiokly as possible, and sanctioned by the Governor, authorising the adoption of extraordinary steps'in. this and similar cases. The bill would be placarded thronghont tbe country, and the perpetrators of tbe outrage on refusing to surrender would be liable to be shot down. The bill introduced into the Legislative Assembly last night to facilitate the appro, hension of persons goilty of a certain class of crime, and to provide for the punishment of those who harbor such criminals, is a copy of an aot passed in New South Wales for the same object. The measure is to be entitled the " Felons' Apprehension Act 1S7S." It provides that after information has been laid of any capital crime a jndge may cause the accused to be summoned, and, if the person summoned does not surrender himself for trial, or is not apprehended, or, having been apprehended, makes his escape, be is to be adjudged an outlaw. Tho fact o bis having been declared an outlaw is subsequently to be proclaimed by the Governor-in-Couneil, and published in the Government Gazette and - one or more country newspapers, after which, if the outlaw is found at large armed, any . person, whether a constable or not, may- nse any deadly weapon without afterwards being accountable, in order to take snch ontlaw, alive or dead. Persons convicted of har boring, or aiding or providing an ontlaw with arms, aro to be deemed gnilty of felony, and, if convicted, will be liable to imprison ment for a period not exceeding fifteen years. The bill also gives power to justices of the peace and police constables to search dwell- ling- houses and other premises for the appre- hension of suspected felons. Officers in pur. Buit of outlaws are empowered to take any horses, saddlcs,forage, sustenance, equipments or ammunition, wherever they find them, 'compensation to be afterwards paid to tbe owner. " Any conveyance of property by an ontlaw is to be deemed illegal. The act re mains in force until the end of the next ses sion of Parliament, before which time it will be re-enactcd if it is considered advisable that such a law should be continued. On the motion for tho second reading, Sir John O'Shanassy expressed some alarm lest under its provisions a wrong person might bo shot for an outlaw. The Attorney-General, how ever remarked that there wonld be no more danger of a wrong person being Bhot under this bill than there was of a police officer making a mistake and shooting a wrong man whilst in pursuit of a criminal under tlio powers given by the existing law. Dr. Mad den explained that the object of the measure was to enable felons whose lives had become forfeit, in consequence of their crimes, to be apprehended, or killed, with as little risk as possible to the persons in pnrsniti Unless snch an act were passed, anyone who killed a felon would be liable to trial for murder. The bill went through committee, and was read a third time and passed. Another attempt is to be made by the gold- fieldsmomberstoobtain alargegrantof money from Parliament for prospecting purposes. Mr. Cooper has given notice in the Legis lative Assembly of his intention to move that in the opinion of tho House a board should be appointed to deal with the general question of prospecting, Buch board to consist of the Seoretary for Mines, the junior Audit Commissioner and the wardens for Bnllnrat, Sandhurst and Gippsland, Tho board is to determine tho time, place and manner in which money is to be spent in prospecting, and ia to have power to lend one-half tho money annually to companies doing bona fide prospecting work. The board is also to have power to prospect for coal and other minerals as well as for gold. When the board has proved the pay able naturo of any claim held by them, they are to dispose of it by sale, and the proceeds nrn to be npplied to a prospecting fund with tho repaid loans. The rales and regulations made by the board aro to be approved by the Governor-in- Council. On moving the series of resolutions embodying these proposals, Mr. Cooper will conclude with a motion that the Houee re solve itself into committee to consider an address to his Excellency, requesting that a sum of £50,000 for prospecting may be pro vided for on the additional estimates, In the Legislatve Assembly yesterday Mr. Dwyer proposed a motion which gave rise to an extraordinary amount of excitement and indignation on tbe Opposition benches. Mr. Dwyer appears to .have some doubts as to the impeccability of Victorian bank managers, hence he wa3 induced to move for leave to bring in a bill to render that class in this colony secure from all dangers of falling into tho errors atrributod to certain bauk managers at Glasgow. Ha said that, according to the tele grams received from England some days ago, a nerions. disaster had occurred to a banking institution in Glasgow, the bank having used come six millions of deposits for its own purposes. Mr. MaoBain and Mr. Francis expressed tbe utmost indignation at the aspersions cast upon the banks of Victoria by Mr. Dwyer in his comparison of them with the bank which had failed at Glasgow. The hon. gentleman contended that the system of conducting business in the Viotorian banks was absolutely unquestion able, and to think of introducing such a bill as that spoken of by the member for Viliiers and Hej'teabury was to oast a most unwarrantable reflection upon them. Sir B. O'Loghlen thought that the bill might at any rate be brought in in tho usual course, as it was very improbable that it would get further than the first reading, hot Mr. Ramsay and Mr. Cooper thought that it had better not be brought in at all. Mr. Munro confessed that his curiosity was excited by the stir wbich the motion to introduce the measure had made on the Op position side, and he felt anxious to know what the bill was like. He wouid therefore support its introduction. The bill was sub sequently brought in and rend a first time, but not until a division had been called for and the demand subsequently abaudoned. Mr." Gillies drew the attention of the Go vernment yesterday to the duty on reaping machines, wbich he wished to see taken off. He said that M'Cormaok's reaper and binder, which was the best that had been invented, had been patented in tbe oolony, where it was protected ; and whilst the priceof the machine in the Victorian "market was £95, it could be purchased in the neighboring colonies at from £70 to £75. He thought, therefore, that the farmers could fairly ask the Govern ment to remove the duties on machinery patented in this oolony. Mr. Berry roplied that tbe fact of an invention being patented in tho colony did not prevent its being manu factured here. There were colonially-made reapers, however, which were much superior to those that were imported, and one of these took tho prize at Stawell against a number of imported machines. At Geelong also a reaper of colonial mannfactnre had been exhibited which was as perfect as any machine of its class ever made, and the price was only £70, which was lower than the cost of the imported reapers. To remove the duty would simply be to discourage the colonial makers. An estimate of proposed expenditure during "the year ending -30th Jnne,.lS7!>, out of the railway loan liquidation and con. struction account was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly yesterday, from which it appears that a sum of £25,000 is to be expended on surveys for proposed new lines of railway. The Spectator of 7th September has the following remarks on the Ministerial Reform Bill : — " We learn by telegraph from Mel bourne that Mr. Berry's bill for the reform of the Victorian Upper House has passed, or is passing, the Lejpslative Assembly by un expectedly large majorities. Its rejection by the Upper House is, nevertheless, wo Biippose, a predictable certainty, so that Sir Michael Hicks-Beach will havo to legislate against deadlocks next session. Mr. Berry's proposal, as we understand, is that a mea sure which has passed the Assembly, by an absolute majority in two sessions in different vears shall ipso facto become law, unless tbe Council claim an appeal to the people — in which case the electors shall be invited to vote 'Yes' or 'No' on the bill, which shall abide tbe result. There will be a great ob jection in Parliament to sanction anything in the nature of a plebiscite, but it must bo re membered that the system of taking a direct vote of the constituency is in certain cases, under tho Local Government Act of Victoria, commonly resorted to. The other likely alternative, that of abolishing the present Council, and snbstituting one nomi nated for life in its Btead, should hardly be more acceptable to the members of that body. Whoever else might be nominated, tbe gen tlemen who have so indiscreetly abused its powers certainly would not." A deputation from Hotham, headed by Mr. Laurens, M.L.A., waited on Mr. Lou'gmore yesterday, to protest against handing over twenty acres of the Royal Park to the Na tional Agricultural Society for show yards. A petition against this proposal, signed by 214 of the local inhabitants, was presented to tbe Minister. Cr. Clarke spoko strongly against the proposed grant, informing the Minister that the piece of ground in question was very much frequented by large numbers of the people residing at Hotham. Mt W. M. Conk, M.L.A., presented a petition from the owners of property in the vicinity of the park against tbe granting of the land, which it was alleged would have the effect of reducing the value of other property in the neighborhood. He also Btated that a former Minister of - Land had promised the inha bitants that the whole of the park should be reserved. Mr. Longmore expressed a desire to have the snbject brought before Parlia ment, and promised to do nothing in tho matter without giving notice beforehand to the Mayor and councillors of Hotham. An estimate of the expenditure under the Railway Loan Aot 1S76, wbich was laid before the Assembly yesterday, shows that a sum of £200 is to be paid during the en- sning twelve months to Mr. \Ym. Monie, in connection with his contract for the comple tion of the Coliban and Geelong water supply schemes. The fact of the four steamers with passen gers from Sydney for the forthcoming race meeting leaving on the same day haa created considerable interest as to which would make the quickest passage, and, in order to ascertain aa nearly as possible their respective sailing merits to n. certain point, we give the time of their leaving Sydney Heads on Tuesday last, and the times of passing Gabo Island yesterday. Tbo Pacific mail steamer City of Sydney left at ten minutes past one o'clock p.m., the Avocs at twenty minutes past one p.m., the Barrabool at ten minntos past three p.m., and the Lyeemoon at five p.m. They passed Gabo Island in the following order yester day City of Sydney, thirty-five minutes past seven a-m.; Avoca, twenty- two minutes past ten a.m. ; Lyeemoon, at half-past twelve p.m.; and Barrabool, at thirty-five minutes past one p.m. By this it will be seen that from Sydney Heads to Gabo Island the dis tance was done by the City of Sydney in eighteen hoars twenty minutes, by the Avoca in twenty-one hours, by the Barrabool in twenty-two hours twenty-five minutes, qud by the Lyeemoon in nineteen hours thirty minutes. Tho select committee appointed to take evidence upon tho Contagions Diseases Bill presented its report to the Legislative As- sembly yesterday. After taking evidence, the committee has come to the conclusion that a bill is required more stringent in cha racter than the one now before the House, The committee was of opinion, however, that tho present bill, with certain amend ments, would to a great extent reach tho evils with which it was designed to grapple. A bill was read a first time in tho Legisla tive Assembly last night, on the motion of tho hon. member for Ararat, intended to benefit widows whose husbands had died intestate. At present "a widow could claim only one- half of tho estate of her deceased husband, in case be bad died without making a will. A widower, however, could claim the whole of any property left by his late wife, pro vided there was no will, unless tho property consisted of land, when he could only obtain ono half. The bill proposed that where a person died intestate the surviving wife or husband should be entitled, tf there was no issue, to tho whole of -tho property, without any restriction whatsoever. Tho Mount Alexander and Upper Loddon Agricultnral and Pastoral Society held their annual Bhow at Castlemaine yesterday. There was a largo _ attend ance of farmers from the district, and amongst " the visitors wore his_ Excel lency the Governor, the Commissioner of Public "Works, Sir Wm. Manning, Professor Pearson and tbo Mayor of Melbourne. The vice-regal party were entertained at lun cheon, and were afterwards driven to tho vicinity of the Ajax mine, about two milos south of Castlemane, where the diamond drill waB at work for the first time. Tlio tnben were down over twenty feet, and the occasion was marked by some champagne beinu introduced, and the drill being christened, by Professor Pearson, after Sir George Boweu. The party then returned to Caatlemaue, and proceeded to Melbourne by special train. In the Equity Court yesterday Slaol:, the plaintiff in the suit of Slack v. Atkiuson, appeared on substituted service of a rule nisi to show cause why he should, not be committed to prison for contempt of court, iu using insulting language in tho Master's office, and in assaulting Mr. Ander- son, clerk to the defendaut's solicitor. Mr. Webb appeared on behalf of the Crown to support tho motion for attachment. Slack applied for a postponement of the cose on the ground that lie wob very ill, jind that during tho night he never thought he would liave lived till morning. Another ground was that he had an action pending in the Juries of Six court which was fixed for that day, and if thoso proceedings went on he would be unable to conduct it. Mr. Webb opposed any further postponement. The order nisi lor attachment he pointed ont was granted on 10th . October. Every attempt Was made to serve it on Slack, and no doubt he was aware there was a rule out against him, haviug seen it in tbo papers. He appeared, however, to have kept housS, only showing out on Sundays. Substituted service was effected on his wife on 24th October, and he had had ample time to prepare himself. His Honor said Slack alleged that he was very ill, and from his appearance he seemed so. It was having regard to that more than anything else that he would adjourn the hearing of tho case till Wednesday next. The late Mes3rB. Cheyne and Pettijohn, overseers of Mr. W. J. Clarke, at Donny- brook, who were killed by lightning, were interred in the Melbourne Cemetery yester day afternooD, in separate graves, at the rear of tbe late Mr. W. J. T. Clarke's family vault. After the bnrial wrvices had been read by the Rev. Mr, Brooke, he hriefiv addressed the large assemblage of mourners, earnestly urging the necessity of always being ready for death. A letter was read last night in the Foot- scray Council, from a Mr. G. S. Isaacs, ask ing for permission to cut a canal from the Saltwater River to a dock wbich ho proposes to couBtrnot on private property, capable of accommodating vessels of a thousand tons. Tho work will cost several thousand pounds, and when completed will give employment to a number of men. Tbe council approved of tbo proposal conditionally on Mr. Isaacs building a bridge across tbe canal so as not to interfere with the traffic of Sims-streot. In reference to tbe diepute between the Harbor Trusb aud MesBra. Wright. Orr and Company, the solicitors for both parties met yesterday, but the result of their interview was notmade known. The Platypuscontinued to dredge in front of the old dock, but in consequence of her peculiar construction she was unable to do auy dredging in dangerous proximity to the dock entranoe. An accident happened at the Lara rail way station about Beven o'clock last night. The 6.30 goods train arrived at that time, and was shuntinir tracks. Guard J. Burns was assisting, when one of the buffers struck him heavily, knocking him down. He fell cloar of tho trucks, but upon being taken up it was found that his right leg was badly fractured, and that he had been severely braised. He was brought on to Melbourne in the train. The meeting of the senate of tho Univer sity of Melbourne, called for yesterday, to consider proposed alterations iu the rules of the council with regard to tbe degree of surgery, lapsed for want of a quorum. Mr. Curtaiu addressed a crowded meeting of ratepayers at tbo Kent Hotel, North Carlton, last night ; Mr. William Yeomans in the chair. The candidate was cordially received, and a vote of confidence in him was carried unanimously. Mr. D'Arey Read's ghost entertainment at the Athenreum tiall is still well patronised, a noticeable feature being the large attend ance of children. The spectral performers have evidently no terrors for young Mel bourne, bat on the contrary afford him much innocent amusement. The various comical appearances and disappearances now work admirably, and cause great laughter. The performance at the Academy of Music to-night will be for tbe benefit of Mr. Montague Scott aud Miss Beatrice. A new play, entitled Honor before Wealth, will be produced, and Mr. Scott will execute sketches of some of Dickens's characters. Sheridan Knowles's well-known play, Tho Hunchback, will be played at the Opera House to-night, with Mr. Creswick as Master Walter, and Miss Helen Ashton as Julia. On Saturday Virginius wilt be re produced. Mr. Gcorgs Douglas notifies that ho will not bo a candidate (or a councillurship for tbo Albert Ward, aa Cr. Lang is seeking reelection. In consequence of the Town Hall being otherwise en gaged, there will be no performance by the city organ 1st to-<lav. It Is said to be the intention of the defendant In tbe case of M'AuhfTe v. Wairnan to carry It to a higher court, in consequence of the statement made ty Judge Cope that he should not have given the verdict for the pUlnt tT himself. 