? ??? THE FIRST SERMON IN. VICTORIA. By the kindness of Mr. J. E. Galder, of HobartTown, we are able to present to our readers an exact copy of the first sermon preached on the'shores of Victoria. The preacher, the Rev. Robert Knopwoo.d,A. M., was chaplain of the expedition, commanded by Colonel David Collins, which' was conveyed to these shores in two vessels — the ' Calcutta,' of 50 guns, and the '' Ocean,' transport. The ' Calcutta' reached Sul livan'B Bay, Port Phillip Harbour, on October 9th, 1803, the ' Ocean ' preceding it by two days. From Mr. Knopwood s journal, which is in Mr. Calder's possession, 'it appears that Divine Service was held, for the first time in Victoria, on October 23rd, 1803; on which occasion prayers only were' offered. The sermon, which we print, was, Mr. Knbpwoqd' himself tells us, 'the first after our landing,'- 'and was preached on November 13th in the same year. The following minute : with regard 'to it is made in Mr. Knopwood's diary : — ; . ' '?Sunday, 13th 'November, 1803. At 11 '? a.m. ' all the officers, military and civil; attended, with the Governor and Capt Woodriff, ' to' the parade, and from thence all the Convicts at Divine Service. The sermon preached was; to' return; Almighty God thanks for our safe arrival here. At 2 p.m. a party went and dined on board the ' Ocean,' : with Captain Merthew. I stayed all night,' Sec. ' i And the entry for Sunday, 26th February, 1804, when he preached : for the first time here; is this : — ? - i 'At lOa.m-. the military paraded ; at half-past all the convicts and settlers ''.assembled, and the Lieut.-Governor, with the officers of the' new colony, heard Divine Service. The sermon, by request i of the Lieut.- Governor was upon the prosperity of the new settlement, i and to pray to God for a blessing upon the increase of if. Mr. More : (properly Moore), the' commandant, and Mr; Wilson, the storekeeper1 f r'om' Risdon Covejf attended Divine Service. At 1 p.mv Lieut. Lord, ' Mr, ?Humphrys, Mr. Collins (the Governor's cousin), Mr. Simm'dns,'of H.M. brig :!'c Lady Nelson, ' and self , went in the 'Goverrioi' BlackJ'; cutter,1 to Risdon Cove,' where I did duty to all the convicts, &c;, &c.; 'I dined with Mr. Mount Garret, and returned in the eve.' ? : ' Mr.- Calder has, we understand, also handed over to the -Tasmanian : Church paper a .copy of the first sermon preached in Tasmania. Of * A few free settlers. accompanied ;tl;e expedition irom England.;.* ?/.? .... -.?..?;?: . t; A smalfjsettlement was planted here. from Sydney a- few .months, before Collins reached.' Port Phillip: ' ^Jie Actual Ccimmaiidant 'was. Ca'p,tl Bowe'n, 'R.'N. \ £-ut Jiei beii)^nTiis^tHe'nextih6omMnclis''thtis'8tylecI.1''; r-' ?'??''???'? ?:'??? - ?' : ?--? the Rev. Mr. Knopwood himself , who thus figures as the first chaplain both of Victoria and Tasmania, we learn from Mr. Calder that he was born on the 2nd June, 1761, and died on the 18th September, 1838. In his early life he was private chaplain in a nobleman's family ; subsequently he became one of the chaplains of the fleet during the most troubled and exciting time of our country's history.. He was buried in the cemetery of the little village of Rokeby, Clarence Plains district, where he officiated as minister during the last years of his life, and where a monument has been placed over his remains, as the inscription says, by ' an obliged and grateful friend.' ' On God's being Present Everywhere. ?? '? ' Preached at Sullivan Bay Camp, Port Phillip ; the first sermon ? after our landing.' November 13th, 1803, before all the military establishment and convicts, . ' As a return of thanks to Almighty God for our safe arrival here after our long voyage.' In Psalm exxxix., 8, 9, it is written—' If I take the wings of the morning, and remain- in the uttermost parts of the sea ; even there also shall Thy hand lead me, and Thy right hand shall hold me,'. These words are a part of the Psalmist's description of the Almighty. It seems that a calumny had been raised against him by some of his enemies to induce the people to believe that he was desirous of effecting the destruction of Saul, against which injustice the declara tions of the prophet are peculiarly adapted to vindicate himself. Against such a base and unmerited opprobium he appeals to a tri bunal which could not be deceived. The watchful eye of Providence, to which the vfirv secrets of the heart were onen. could discern whether any ground for so baneful a charge had ever existed in his mind. It was a charge inimical and dangerous, and such as in its consequences evidently tended to affect his reputation and his life, and was plainly levelled with a design. to resist the obedience of his followers, and to excite that horror which all who were influenced by the common principles of humanity must sensibly feel. It is recorded that, at one time David cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily, but stayed his servants, and suffered them not to rise against Saul ; and at another, that ' he took the spear and cruse of water from Saul's bolster, even when Abner, the captain of the host, with three thousand men lay round about him' (1 Sam. xxiv; 4\. — 7); but restrained his companion, Abishai, from hurting his royal person (1 Sam. xxvi. 7). 'Destroy him not,' says David, for 'the Lord will smite him, or his day shall come to die, or he shall descend into the battle and perish' (1 Sam. xxvi. 10, 11)— that is, some dis ease shall overtake him and shorten his life, or he shall die naturally of old age, or he shall fall by the sword of his enemies, as actually happened ; but ' the Lord forbid that I should stretch forth mine hand against the Lord's anointed; yet I pray thee take thou now the spear that is at his bolster, and the cruse of water, and let us go.' But as this latter happened in the wilderness of Ziph, so the former occurrence was in the cave of Engedi. On this occasion he remon strates with Saul, who was then come. out against him with a powerful force, and. cautions him to beware of ill advisers. ' Where fore hea'rest thou men's words, saying, Behold David' seeketh thy heart 1 Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that the Lord had delivered thee to-day into mine hand in the cave; and some bade me kill thee, but mine eye spared thee. Moreover see, yea see, the skirt of thy robe in my hand, for in that I cut off the skirt of thy robe, and killed thee not; know thou, and see, that there is neither evil nor transgression in mine hand, and I have hot sinned against thee, yet thou huhtest my soul to take it. The Lord therefore' be; judge, and judge between me and thee, and see, and plead my cause,' and deliver me out of thine hand' (1 Sam. xxiv. 9— 12). ' . Having thus stated the facts, it is obvious to infer that such an nwnnni na fliin wooIym rtnntm'no r\\-P TcrTiinTi 'Hio ~xxrr\vr\ a Vff 'h n f- ?f.Avf'. JYTA PI.' CvmUvUI CvO VXJ.XO |_r '7111 1. 1 ' B VUU UUH.U \Jf vyj. liu^uu uuu 1 » \J*. u.u v*. u»-»w uw-ow »™— . ?». — part, must be allowed to be very natural on such an occasion. And the words of the psalm are a paraphrase upon the concluding words of David's address to Saul I shall recite, so far as it relates to God's omniscience, arid His competence to judge of thehuman heart ; for as the former was an appeal of conscious integrity to the King, this latter is an invocation to the King of kings, the great observer of the - thoughts and intentions of the heart (Psalm exxxix., 1, 12, 23, 24) — ? 'O Lord', Thou hast searched me out, and known me : Thou knowest my down setting'afid mine uprising ; Thou understandest my thoughts long before. Thou art about my bed, and spiest out all my ways. For lo, there is not a word in my tongue but Thou, O Lord, knowest it alto gether. Whither then shall I go from Thy Spirit : or whither shall I go then from Thy presence 1 If I climb up into heaven, Thou are there : if I go down to to the grave, Thou art there also. If I take the wings of the morning, and remain in the uttermost parts of the sea ; even there also shall Thy hand lead me, and Thy right hand shall hold me.' : ?'''' ? . ' To the same purpose he goes on, in a language tending to establish the innocency and goodness of his heart, and concludes with these remarkable words :—' Try me, O God, and seek the ground of my heart: prove me and examine my thoughts. Look well if there be any way of wickedness in me ; and lead me in the way everlasting.' Against such an appeal, dictated by a mind of the most upright intentions, and conscious of its own integrity, what could the most malignant heart reply ? Addressed to men of common honesty, who admitted the principle of a Deity and a Providence, it must be final and conclusive. Is there ariy; one here who ban hesitate a moment to acknowledge the omniscient eye of . God? It cannot be ; for we have numerous proofs afforded us of this truth. The consequence follows that God must be present everywhere. He must be present with you as well by sea as by land. Even in the remarkable devasta tion bf 'the flood, it is observed thfit in one arid 'the same day were all tue''fourita,ins of the great deep broken up, and the' windows of heaven ripened'; '(Gen. vii. 11), to show that they were equally at the Almighty's disposal to accomplish the great ends and purposes 'of His' providence. ' ' . ' '. - '?'? ' ( ; .' ??'? ? , ?;. ? ? .To1 such-awful truths 'yoii^icannbt object.- '? Inwords, you are riot 'adverse : to 'admit 'them,' if' r'equireti1 to 'give 'a. serious answer, -Nay farther, cannot you perceive that, as a searcher of the thoughts and intentions of the heart, he must be acquainted with your most secret designs, however they may be concealed from the sight and knowledge of your fellow- creatures 1 Surely you cannot hesitate upon admitting this consequence. What was it which moved David to exclaim that ' His way is in the sea, and His paths in the great waters ; and that His footsteps are not known' (Ps. lxxvii. 19), neither can be traced to. any certain residence. What was it which induced Solomon to assert that ' The eyes of the Lord are in every place, beholding the evil and the good ?' What was it which excited Isaiah, on the distant prospects of Christ's kingdom, to represent the people as expressing themselves in this pleasing language :— '.Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob, and He will teach us His ways, and we will walk in His paths' (Isa. ii. 3) ; but to those who forsake this way the Almighty hath denounced judgment, not only upon themselves, but upon the natural produce of the earth, the artificial accommodations of their habitations, their ornaments, and even their merchandise.' The day of the Lord of Hosts shall be upon the proud and lofty, and he shall be brought low ; upon the cedars of Lebanon, and upon the oalss of Bashan ; upon the mountains and hills, the high fcower and the fenced wall ; upon the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures' (Isa. ii. 12-16). In every way, and by every means, should those who forsake the righteous laws of the Almighty be punished; no pro tection should deliver the wicked from His hand, no covert or place of security keep them from His discerning eye. To the same purpose Nahum writeth, that' ' God is jealous, and the Lord revengeth ; the Lord will take vengeance on His adversaries.' Though He 'is slow to anger, and great in power, He will not acquit the wicked ;' for 'His way is in' the whirlwind, and in the storm, and the clouds are the dust of His feet.' He rebuketh the sea also, over which he exercisetb an absolute control, 'and maketh it dry, and driteth up all the river.' By all the sacred writers, indeed, this omnipresence of God is declared ; the sea and the dry land equally contain Him, and neither the heavens nor the earth can exist without Him. How ought we then to bless and praise God for His goodness,1 who has thus enabled us, by means of the divine and spiritual assistance which is afforded us, to declare the wonders that He doeth for the children of men. And blessed be thy name, O God, who hast pro tected us and preserved us from many perils and dangers in our voyage across that immense track of ocean which we have lately passed o'er. Thou hast beeri. : our defender both by night and day, in every place where we have been, and hast at last brought us in peace and safety to our appointed 'destination. To Thy good Providence we wholly owe it, and desire 'to1, return our most grateful thanks for these and all thy great mercies of deliverance, who hast dealt so bountifully with us/ Endue us, O God of all grace, with a more serious spirit, often reflecting, and meditating upon Thee, and upon Thy benefits both to our souls and bodies ; for this life and that which is to come ; that we may. not be taught the number and value of Thy blessings by being deprived of them ; but in their constant use and enjoyment may praise Thy infinite goodness and mercy, with sensible love to Thee and delight to do Thy will. Bless all others, we beseech Thee, that desire Thy fatherly protection from the perils of the sea, of which Thou hast made us partakers. Eeceive them into Thy care, and conduct them, in safety to their desired haven ; make them ever mindful of thy lqvirigkindness, and carefully remember that every new benefit is a. new obligation to obedience for Thy mercies' sake in Christ Jesus, our1 Lord. How many instances of preservation have the present age afforded us, unknown to, and unheard .of , in all former times, when there was but a step between them and death 1 How did the supporting and upholding power of the Almighty succour them in their distress, and deliver them from the destruction which seemed inevitable 1 The very remarkable escape, of Lieutenant Bligh/ commander of the ' Bounty,' armed ship' (now Captain Bligh), when, forced into a boat with eighteen of his ship's company, by a mutinous crew, in the great Pacific Ocean. In such a situation, far from any land, and that inhabited by savages ; with an extremely small quantity of provisions, and without the smallest .prospect : of - supply from any ship in that unfrequented sea, he traversed an extent of sea of 3618 miles in the space of 43 days, without touching upon any land except some inhospitable rocks, on the. north-east coast of New Holland, where he could only obtain a very small supply of oysters, until he arrived at the Dutch settlement of Batavia, in the island of Java, with the loss of only one man^ by acoident,. and another who died after -his arrival un suuie, ...... . To this may be added the still later remarkable interposition of Providence in favour of the people on board the ' Guardian,' man-of war, Lieutenant Rion, now Captain Rion, after striking on the ice, on his voyage to Botany Bay ; and of his safe arrival at the Cape of Good Hope. . ? ? ? Likewise Captain Inglefield, in the Atlantic Ocean,. with a small number of the crew of the ' Centaur,' man-of-war, which he com manded, who arrived safe in: an open boat, after seventeen days' sail before the wind. -,.??,? ... Learn then from hence to adore the Almighty for His mercies extended to us and many of your fellow-creatures in time of the greatest distress; for God, as we have seen, is ' in every' place,' and will manifest His goodness to all those who pay Him homage and respect. This will always inspire you with confidence,, and give you grounds whereon to hope that if you.' cry unto the Lord in your trouble,' which adverse seasons may bring upon you, ' He shall deliver you out of your distress ; for He it is who maketh the storm to cease so that the waves thereof ar.e still, and men are glad, becanse they are at rest,' when 'He bringeth them into the haven where they would be.' May' God give you all an eternal haven of. bliss, for the sake of Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. 'To God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost' foe ascribed all honour,' power, and majesty, both now and evermore. Amen, Grant, we beseech Thee, Almighty God, that the words which we have heard this day with our outward ears may through Thy grace be so grafted inwardly in our hearts that they may. bring forth in us the fruit of good living, through Jesus Christ bur Lord. Amen. . The peace of God, which passeth all understanding, keep, your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God, and of His Son Jesus Christ our Lord ; and the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, be amongst you and remain' with you always.' Amen. ? ' ' , ( ' . 