Newcastle Police Court. MONDAY, APRIL IST, 1878. (Before Lieut. Col. Maunsell, P.M.) WILFUL DISOBEDIENCE William Hughes, seaman, was charged with wilful disobedience of lawful commands on board the American barquentine Amelia, at Newcastle, on the 25tlh ultimo. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, and said that he could not work on account of sore eyes ; but Dr. Harris's evidence entirely disproved this. Prisoner was sentenced to one calendar month, with hard labour, in Maitland gaol. DRUNKENNESS Three persons were fined for drunkenness. LARCENY. William H. Syme was charged with stealing, at Bullock Island, on the 30th ultimo, one table- cloth, the property of Patrick K. Sheedy, of the value 6s. 6d. [Mr. Parnell here took his seat upon the Bench] Prisoner elected to be dealt with summarily, and pleaded not guilty. Senior constable Oliver deposed to the arrest of the prisoner at half past ten o'clock on the railway; he had a bundle which I took from him: I asked him where he got it from, and he made no reply; I took him to the Sailors' Home Hotel, at Bullock Island, where the bundle, which was the tablecloth, was identified by Mrs. Sheedy as the property of her husband. Mary Sheedy gave evidence, and identified the tablecloth as her husband's property ; she had given no one authority to take it away. Andrew Falkner, in answer to prisoner, said there were several ship companies over at the Sailors' Home, and they were all more or less, the worse for liquor; the cloth was being handed on from one to another outside ; one of the men had it on and was personating " Hamlet;" he did not see the constable arrest prisoner. John Clifford deposed: I was in prisoner's company on Sunday night at the Sailor's Home Hotel, Bullock Island; several of us were drink- ing there; when I went outside the tablecloth was being flung about from one to another; the prisoner then got it, and wrapped it around him like a cloak, and recited "Hamlet's Ghost"; he passed by the police like that; the noise attracted the attention of the police, and they told us to make use of better language; we were going to the ship when prisoner was arrested; he had the tablecloth wrapped round him then; I don't know who took the tablecloth out of the house first. Another witness, a shipmate of defendant's, gave corroborative evidence. The Bench, however, convicted prisoner, and sentenced him to 14 days' imprisonment, with hard labour in Maitland gaol.. Moses Hughes summoned John Rudge, for committing wilful damages to a window, to the extent of 16s., the property of the said Moses Hughes, at the Junction, on the 24th March last. Mr. Wallace (for Mr. Capper) appeared for complainant, and Mr. Readett for the defence. Mr. Readett took objection to the information, which was laid in Mrs. Hughes' name. Mr. Hughes should have laid the information. The Bench overruled the objection. Eliza Hughes deposed : I am the wife of Moses Hughes, who has some property at the Junction, in which I reside; on last Sunday night week, at about half-past seven o'clock, a window in my husband's house was smashed by a stone being thrown through it; when I heard the noise I went outside, and saw defendant about ten yards from the window; I said to him, "Rudge, what's the meaning of this ; I think it's time there was something done;" defendant made me no answer; he was running in the direction of his own house; there was no one else about at the time. To Mr. Readett: I have been here only twice before against defendant; I saw Mr. Rudge quite plainly that night; the night was not a dark one. By Mr. Wallace: Two or three minutes before the stone was thrown I saw Rudge walking about outside. Mary King saw defendant standing near Mrs. Hughes' fence some time after the window was broken; young Mrs. Hughes said to defendant, "You ought to be ashamed to be always picking on to old people;" defendant replied, "It would never have happened if Hughes had not put the bailiffs into my house. Brierley Bailey deposed that he saw defendant Rudge on the evening in question, between seven and eight o'clock, standing just opposite Mses Hughes' place; he (Rudge) was walking home at the time. Ann Hughes gave evidence corroborative of that of Mary King's. The Court then adjourned till half-past two. The Court resumed at 2.30. The defendant's wife was about to be ex amined, but Mr. Wallace objected to either her or her husband giving evidence, and the objec tion was upheld by the Bench. Mr. Readett addressed the Bench, and Mr. Wallace replied. The Bench found defendant guilty, and sen tenced him to pay 12s. 6d. by way of compensa tion, 7s. 8d. costs of court, and 21s. professional costs, with the alternative of fourteen days in Maitland gaol. The time for the payment of the fine was extended till Saturday next, at defen dant's request. WAGE CASE John Ditchburne summoned James McConnell for £2 3s 4d, wages alleged to be due. Mr. Thompson appeared for defendant, who pleaded not indebted. Plaintiff's evidence went to show that he had engaged with Captain Brown, on 13th March last, to join the schooner Industry, as seaman, at 5/- per month; the vessel went to Sydney, when he signed articles as cook on the 19th; another seaman then took the cook's place, with plaintiff's consent, and he then left the ship; he claimed the money as balance of wages due ; the captain, told him he could go; he did not get his discharge because he would not sign clear of the vessel, not having received his wages. By Mr. Thomson : I did not go to the shipping office for either my discharge or my wages. By the Bench: I asked Captain Brown to give me an account of the time I was aboard before he left, and he told me I could leave my- self if I liked. Mr. Thompson submitted that the case must be dismissed. The Bench dismissed the case. 