MISCELLANEOUS. A Wellington telegram, dated August 23, is published as follows in the Otago Daily Times: — 'A woman named Taylor, sup posed to be a dangerous lunatic, was placed on board the Jane Douglas -i day or two ago at Foston to be brought here for medical examination. While crossing Foxton bar she sprang overboard. The body was re covered and taken to Foxton. The woman was in charge of a nurse and of the purser, who had been sworn in as a special con stable. The coroner's jury to-day returned a verdict of manslaughter against the purser and nurse for neglect3' Saya the Albwry Banner:— 'From time to time the unfortunate printer comes in for the discredit attatehing to blunders for which he is not really responsible ; . but it occasionally happens, nevertheless, that some very curious mistakes are justly laid to his charge. One of the most amusing appears in a late issue of the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, with respect to the address of the Hon. W. Wilson, a member of the Legis lative Council of Victoria, who retires by efflusdon of time, and seeks re-election. By an unfortunate mishap Mr. Wilson's address is classified with the advertisements of entire horses, and to make the blunder still more complete, the address is actually headed with the. picture of a very noble- looking Clydesdale.' Some of the feats of the phonograph are truly wonderful, although they are not always consistent with its claims to be re garded as a faithful servant in recording what has been entrusted to it. Thus when Mr. Levy, the cornet-player, was giving Yankee Doodle with variations, the phono graph not only 'took him down' ?wonder- folly, but when set agoing to repeat the music 'interpolated new notes of such a nature as, for the sake of his neighbors, it is to be hoped that no cornet-player will ever be able to attain.' Nobody is bound to believe the story, however, for from the way io whieh it is told we are left in doubt as to whether the extraordinary vagaries of the instrument are to be considered merito rious or otherwise. It is further related how the phonograph was made to recite a poem, which it did with a whistling acconi -animent, and how, after there had been a little more music, it started off to repeat the poem, the whistling, and the cornet playing at one and the same time. The education of the instrument is no doubt defective, and till now it has been display ing more vigor than discretion. — ' G3&ipus.;' Among the items in the hotel bill of a reverend gentleman who lately sojourned for a few days at Thornborough, Queens land, was the following : — To stabling and feeding two horses five days. £10 143. In ten days the horses would have eaten their heads off, and left the owner in debt in all probability. A good authority in the National Fire mccrCs Journal, gives this wise advice to firemen : — The motto of the firemen should be,Jplay low. One gallon of water thrown on the bottom of a fire has more power to extinguish than ten on the top. The reason is manifest. The water generates steam, which rising in volumes, extinguishes the the fire. Also, it is far better to play on the windward side of a fire than on the leeward, on the side from which the blaze proceeds, than on that to which it goes. Play at the bottom of the windward side, and your exertions will be really effectual. Bed rust is showing itself in some places about Beautiful Valley, but at present it is chiefly confined to self-sown crops, such as are only fit to cut for hay. We are informed, too, that the grasshoppers are beginning to appear about Coomooroo and Black Bock Plain. At present they are, however, not very numerous. — Port Augusta Dispatch. Is this a libel ? We have been informed, says the Dunedin Age, that some of the publicans of this city are determined that the beer tax. shall not fall upon them, and they have instructed their barmen to draw 'Colonial' with 'a head' upon it. It seems that after all consumers will be losers by the impost upon beer A story is told of a grey horse Triiich, in a lifetime of 28 years, had travelled with a circus, been mortgaged four times, served in the rebellion, and been less gloriously useful at farm work. The horse died recently at a farm in Wisconsin, and his owner had a coffin made of black walnut, handsomely finished, and bearing a plate inscribed with the name and age. The funeral was at tended by 200 villagers. There is no country which 'has so few old maids as Russia. The greatridicale attached to the title, when not borne by a nun, has possibly something to do with the unwilling ness of ladies to sport it. When a girl has reached the age of 25 without finding a mate, she generally sets put on what she calls a pilgrimage if poor — on a round of travels if rich ; and in either case she turns up some years later as a widow. Widows are as plentiful as old spinsters are scarce, and widows whose husbands were never seen are more numerous than the rest. Etiquette forbids any allusion to a lady's dead husband in her presence ; and this is perhaps sometimes convenient. The Marine Board have recommended the erection of a east iron screw pile jetty at Wallaroo. The Engineer of Harbors and Jetties having reported that it will save 50 per cent, on a wrought-iron Structure. All the members of the congress have left their photographsat Berlin, with their signa tures attached. These photographs are to form an album, which will be deposited in the MarienHrche's Museum, where thetable of the congress will also be preserved. The following hasj been clipped from a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald, and may be taken as a specimen of the times — ' Birth. — At Bethlehem, Queensland, on the 4th inst., Mrs. — — , of a daughter. * Suffer little children to come come unto me.' Marriage. — On the 8th inst., at St. Luke's, Melbourne, by the Rev. — : — , assisted by ? , ? , Esq., to Ophelia Cox (both cards). Death. — On the .River Darling, on the 21st ult., killed by a from a buckjumper, James McGrath, better known as Callfornian Jim. The hist words he uttered were ' Holy Ghost.' His ends were pieces' The new industry of emu-breeding is occupying the attention of some people in Maryborough, Queensland. The Patriot thus comments upon the fact: — 'Those Mary borough (emu) hen-wives are long-headed fellows after alL They have read somewhere that a well-known Parisian firm, delighted with the ornamental specialities in the Aus tralian courts at the 'exposition,' have given their London agents carte blanche to buy up all the emu eggs he can procure from Australia, for the purpose of converting them into cups, inkstands, and other domes tic conveniences. This opens out a wide field of speculation to emu-fanciers ; for, unless they extend their operations, we fear it will soon be necessary to put an export duty on the egg of the wild bird, to prevent the sinister supporter of our colonial coat of-atms from sharing the fate of the dodo and the inoa.' An odd affair is reported from Hartford. The wife of a worthy clergyman thought her pretty servant girl was becoming too intimate with the owner of the tenement where they lived, a widower who occupied rooms in the same building, and finally, in a fit of indignation, said, *' Pack up your things and leave my house.' The girl left, but returned in the afternoon and said to her late mistress, '1 am Mrs. ? -; now pack up your things and leave iny house.' The servant girl had married the landlord, and the order was enforced. The correspondent of the Melbourne Leader says: — W. G. Grace has made the amende, and we play Gloucestershire at Clifton, September 6, 6, and 7. When Z wrote to the Gloucestershire County Committee, stating that unless the 'champion' apolo gised to the Australian Eleven for his in sulting behaviour to Messrs. Boyle, Gregory, and myself as their representatives the match with them would fall through, they replied that they were athorised to state that Mr. Grace regretted having offended Messrs Boyle and Gregory, but no mention was made of his withdrawal of offensive expressions towards me. Grace vowed he would never apologise, and the Australians said unless he did they would not play that county. We were firm, and would not give way. At length came a letter from him to Mr. Gregory, -which we have the right of making public as notified in the letter sent by us to the Gloucestershire Com mittee. A deal of misapprehension exists in regard to the actual difference between the Australians and Grace. It was not be cause Midwinter deserted us, but because Grace used offensive language to us when we waited on him at the Oval to inform him that Midwinter had decided to play with the Australians. I send a copy of his letter : — « The Cottage, Kingswood Hill, Bristol, July 21. Dear Sir — 1 ,am sorry that my former expressions of regret to the Austra lian cricketers should not have been satis factory ; and under the circumstances with out going further into the matter, as I wish bygones to be bygones, I apologise, and again express my extreme regret to Messrs. Con way, Biyle, and yourself, and through you to the Australian cricketers, that under the excitement of the moment I should have made use of unparliamentary language to Mr. Conway. I can do no more but assure you that you will meet with a hearty welcome and a good ground at Clifton. — Yours, W. G. Grace, D. W. Gregory, Esq.' We are glad that Grace has done the correct thing, as it removes the one unpleasant thing which stood in our way of meeting the famous County of Gloucester. By the way, Gloucester does not seem to be to the fore this season. Her players sustained defeat at the hands of Surrey, and just recently Yorkshire has defeated her players by 244 runs. Cricket is very ' in and out' this sea son, and it is just possible that the County of the Graces will beat England when the match takes place. A number of drovers and gentlemen in charge of travelling stock petitioned the mayor of Glen Innes, to set apart a day of humiliation and prayer for rain. The mayor — Mr. Edward Jones— replied as follows : — 'Gentlemen — I have duly received your requisition, signed by gentlemen travelling with stock who obtain grass in the cheapest manner possible. I decline to hold a public meeting, under my auspices, on the ground that it is great presumption to ask the sub lime Creator to alter His organised arrange ments of what He has created, to suit the convenience, or rather profit, of squatters who have overstocked their runs. — Ed-ward Jones, Mayor of Glen Innes, New South Wales. The Town and Country has the following : — ' In the rapid transmission of news of an important character — viz., the massacre in New Caledonia— the Times, through Messrs. S. W. Silver & Co., of 66 und 67, Corn hill, London, have scored a decided victory, and in recording this — although with great reluctance — we must include the Sydney Evening Nezos, and Toion and Country Journal as it was through us the news was transmitted. On the morning of July 11 last, about 10 a.m., our special arrived from Noumea with the news of the massacre ; our first addition appeared at 11 a.m., and on the same date, by using the wire, and owing to the energy of our friends, Messrs. S. W. Silver & Co., the news appeared in the London Times and the principal journals of Europe of the same morning, July 11, the difference in time between the two capitals accounting for this. The telegram to Mr. Silver was the first intimation received by the French Government,- and on the next day July 12, there appeared in the Times a note from the Ministry at Paris as follows : — ' The Ministry of Marine has at present received no telegram from the Governor of New Caledonia respecting so serious an event, it Has addressed a telegram to the French Consul at Sydney, asking for explana tion and details as to the news of an insurrec tion in New Caledonia.' It will be thus seen that by means of the Press the public in Europe were informed of an important event affecting France, long before the Minuter in his bureau at Versailles had the slightest idea of what was going on in a country under his direct administration. Great credit is due to the telegraph officials in. Sydney and in South Australia. Within one hour of its dispatch the sender received a memo from the Superintendent of Tele graphs, stating that the message had already passed over the South Australian lines, and was then in India. The activity of the German police in their present campaign against Socialist dis loyalty must indeed be remarkable, if there is any/ foundation for a cnrious report which appeared in the Times. It was there stated that the German police had demanded from the Canton of Bale the extradition of two men accused of having said, in reference to the late attempts on the life of the Em peror, ' Ach, Gott ! it is time all old fellows were got rid of.' The men, who are old soldiers, and fought in the French war deny that the words were seriously meant ; and they are obviously too sweening^ in their application to allow us to suppose that the speakers could have been quite in earnest. The Government of Bale have, it seems, re fused to give the men up, and without further evidence of a more gravely crimina ing nature they would scarcely be justified in doing so. Indeed, if 'old fellows' in general do not feel that some punishment of these two offenders is necessary for their protection, it seems unreasonable that the demand should be made in the name of the German Emperor alone. 