r- ')' . literal The self-binding harvesters are, says an American exchange, haying a'severe struggle for existence in Ohio, not because, they do so little, but because they are able to do so much. A local agent at Concord writes to the manufac= tures at Auburn, New York ! — 44 The machine trade is likely to stop. Several men who have bought machines refuse to take them, on the ground that they have received notice that their machines and barns will be burned. One ma chine has already been burned in the neighbour hood." A farmer of Hanover, Ohio, tells his story as follows 44 Upon my return home my hired man handed me a notice which he found pinned on ray barn, notifying me not to Use or suffer to be used, a binder in saving my grain this year, stating if I did the' would destroy the same, also ray grain with it— signed, 4 Many Labourers.' Under such circumstances, I must confess I felt very offish in placing myself in a .position that would offer any pretext for them to do me or my property mischief, hence I say do not keep the machine for me." At a dyeuner on board the Alexandra at Slieer- ness, Mr, J. 0. Lever, the founder of the London don Steamboat Company, in proposing the toast of the " Lord Mayor," alluded to a plan, origi nated by himself, for reducing by nearly one- third the distance between the mouth of the Thames and London Bridge. For effecting this plan he advocated the making of a canal at a cost of £10,000,000, which would bedone by levying a rate of 3d. in the pound, and the value of land, labour, and all kinds of property for thirty or forty- miles round would thus be in creased. He believed he would create London a free port, by which the commence of the country could be quadrupled. Mr. Lever also referred to negotiations being in progress for uniting the Thames and Channel Service and the South Coast Railway Companies, in order that a steamship company, might carry passen gers in conjunction with the railways between London and Paris five times daily, crossing the- Channel in large steamers in sixty minutes, and performing the entire journey between the two capitals in eight hours. The occupation by England of Cyprus is re garded by the Russlcy Mir as an event very fa vourable to Russian policy, because it has broken up the European coalition against Russia. " By laying her hand upon the Levant," the Mir says, 44 England puts the interests of the Mediterran ean States in her pocket. May she also take possession of the Syrian coast, with Palestine and Jerusalem ; may she annex Egypt ; the re sult can only be to induce France and Italy to seek a reapproaehment with Russia. In Paris and Rome — to say nothing of Athens — people have learned to see English policy in its true colours, and have become convinced how ab surd it was to join England in the diplomatic campaign which she entered upon in the name of Europe. The bugbear of the European coali tion fled soon after tbe publication of the Ang lo-Turkish Convention. We no longer have a united Europe opposed to us ; and now that Austria and England have been pacified with Turkish plunder there is an end to the Anglo- Austrian alliance." All this, the Russhy Mir concludes, must evidently improve the politi cal position of Russia, and lead into the right channel the realization of the arrangements made at Berlin." Some interesting facts and suggestions re specting American exportations to Germany are communicated to the department of State at Washington, in a report by the United States Consul at Mannheim. Large quantities of American meat are imported into Germany by one firm at Mannheim — 10,000 hams in a single order, and an enormous amount of beef and sausages sent in thirty days from St. Louis finds a ready market in Baden. American stoves be gin to be seen in Germany, and glass from Pitts burgh meets with approval owing to its strength and clearness. " American cotton cloths are bought carefully by the German housewife. Sole leather from the United States is preferred to the English article: American preserved vege tables, fruits, oysters, lobsters, &c.;, are sold in large quantities in Germany. Sewing and knit ting machines are everywhere accepted with a change of name There cannot be a doubt that the United States are year by year taking away from us some of our best customers, and pushing trade in quarters where with the exercise of a little honestv and enterprise we might have done a good business. According to the daily papers, a prisoner was recently convicted at Edinburg of having, while in a state of somnambulism, murdered his child and has since been set at liberty. Cases of this kind are very rare, but, assuming the somnam bulism to be clearly proved, there can be little . question of the correctness of the course thus adopted. Dornbluth, the German psychologist, tells of a young woman who, in consequence of a fright occasioned by an attack of robbers, was seized with epilepsy, and became subject to somnambulism. While in this condition she was in the habit of stealing articles, and wns charged with theft, but on the advice of Dorn bluth was released and eventually cured. Steltzer (cited in Wharton and Stille) gives an account of a somnambulist who clambered out of a garret window, descended into the next house, and killed a young girl who was asleep there. And tbe same learned writers quote from Savarin an account of a somnambulist monk (related to Sa varin by the prior of the convent where the in cident happened) : — " The somnambulist entered the chamber of the prior ; his eyes were open but fixed ; the light of two lamps made no im pression upon him ; his features were contracted, and he carried in his hand a large knife. Going straight to the bed, he had first the appearance of examining if the prior was there. He then struck three blows, which pierced the coverings and even the mat which served the part of a mattress. In returning, his countenance was unbent, and was marked by an air of satisfac tion. The next day the prior asked the somnam bulist what he had dreamt of the proceeding night, and the latter answered that he had dreamt that his mother had been killed by the prior, and that her ghost had ; ppeared to , him demanding vengeance ; that at this sight he was so transported by rage that he had immediately run to stab the assassin of his mother." Savarin adds that if the prior had been killed the monk could not possibly, under these circumstances, have been punished. — Solicitor's Journal. "Speaking about mules," remarked a six- footer in Arkansas, as he cracked his whip at market, " I've got a mule at home which knows as much as I do, and I want to hear somebody say I'm half a fool !" No one said so, and he went on : " I've stood around here and heard men blow about kicking mules till I've got dis gusted. When you come down to kicking, I want to bet on my mule. A friend came along and took dinner with me the other day, and, as he seemed a little down-hearted, I took him out to see 'Thomas Jefferson,' my champion mule. I was telling the good man how that mule would flop his feet around, and he said he would like to see a little fun. He'd passed his whole life in the South, but had never seen a mule lay his whole soul into a big time at kicking. ' 'Well,' he said, after borrowing some tobacco, 4 1 took Thomas out of the stable backed him up again a hill, gin him a cuff on the ear, and we stood'by to see the amusement. It was a good place to do his durndest, and what d'ye s'pose he did ? In ten minutes by the watch, he was out of sight. In five minutes more we couldn't feel him with a twelve- foot pole, and — and — " The crowd be gan to yell and sneer, and narrator looked around and asked " Does anybody think I'm lying ? Would I lie for one mule ? Right here under my arm is a pound of tallow candles, which are to light the hole for to go in after ' Thomas ;' and I got word not an hour ago that the hind feet of a mule were striking out of a hill thirty-nine miles, as the bird flies, from where my mule went in. I'm shaky on religion, gentlemen, but our family never had a liar in it." A dog-fancier says: — I send you a recepie for distemper, which I have found entirely efficaci ous. It has the merit of being available to men who live in the bush like myself : 44 As soon as the dog shows an signs of distemper, such as running at the eyes or nose, take a small piece of meat, say about the size of the first two joints of the little finges ; with a sharp knife make a cut in it either long ways, or a stab in the end will do, and put in the Btab or cut from two to four of Cockle's pills, or from six to eight of Holloway's pills, and throw it. to the dog affected. A dose every day for the .first three days, then every second or third day, as you see best. This must be begun at the beginning of the disease, as later the appetite fails, and . the case is generally hopeless. The above treatment seems to completely eradicate the disease, leav ing no trace whatever of St. Vitus's dance, or any other paralysis." A copy of the great Mentz Bible, printed by Gutenberg in 1455, being the first book ever printed, was sold by auction at Paris, for the sum of £2000. It was printed on vellum, but is not quite perfect, having one leaf and several portions restored in " fac simile" by M. Pilinski. At the celebrated Perkins sale in 1873 a copy of the same work realised the enormous sum of £3400. A Russian convict never knows until lie reaches Siberia what sort of life is in store for him : for in pronouncing hard labour the judge makes no mention of mines. If the convict has money or influential friends, ho had better use the time between his sentence and transporta tion in buying a warrant, which consigns him to the lighter kinds of labour above ground ; other wise he will inevitably be sent under the earth, and will never again see' the sky until he is hauled up to die in- an infirmary. The convicts are forwarded to Siberia in convoys, which start at the commencement of spring, just after the shows have melted and left the ground dry. They perform the whole journey on foot, es corted by mounted Cossacks, who are armed with pistols, lances, and long whips ; arid be hind jolts along a long string of tumbrils, to carry those who fall ill or lame on the way. The start is always made in the night, arid care is taken that the convoys shall pass through the towns on their road after dark. Each man is dressed in a grey kaftan, having a brass number plate fastened to the breast, knee-boots, and a sheep-skin bonnet. He carries a rug strapped to his back, a mess-tin, and a wooden spoon at his girdle. The women have black cloaks, with hoods, and march in gangs by themselves, with an escort of soldiers, like the men, and two or three female warders, who travel in carts. In leaving large cities like St. Petersburg, all the prisoners were chained with their backs, but their fetters are removed outside the city, except in the case of men who have been marked dan gerous. These have to wear leg-chains of four pounds weight all the way, and some of the more desperate ones are yoked to a beam of wood, which rests on their shoulders, and is fastened to their neck by iron collars. Nobody must approach the men to inspect them. The Cossacks crack their whips loudly to warn per sons off, and scamper up and down the line with lanterns tied to their lance points, which they lower to the ground at every moment to see if letters have been dropped. Murderers, thieves, Nihilists, conspirators, felon clergymen, mutin ous soldiers, and patriotic Poles, all tramp to gether as fast as they can, and perfectly silent. Then come the women, shivering, sobbing, but not daring to cry out, because of those awful whi db. — Exchanae. The fact that human eyes, with the aid of a field-glass, have seen rifle bullets during their flight from the muzzle of the rifle to the point at which they were aimed has been published, we believe several times ; but we have never seen to our knowledge the announcement that they could be seen with naked eyes, fet it is a well attested fact that rifle-balls were seen in their flight by several gentlemen without the aid of a glass or anything, at the rifle range north of this city one day last .week. A high wind was blow ing and showers were frequent — in fact, it rained almost constantly. When the spectators stood at one side of the shooter they could only follow the ball to the highest point of the arc which it described, but when they stood imme diately behind the shooter (he lying down and they standing up) they could follow the bullet from a point about ten feet from the muzzle all the wnv to the target, or whatever nhieef it. struck. — Rochester (N.Y.) Express. One of the most obnoxious creatures to be found on the prairies is the skunlc. It is a small animal, not larger than a domestic cat, of a black and white colour, and has a large bushy tail. It is carniverous, and supposed to be nocturnal in its habits. It has been frequently known to enter a tent in which men are sleeping, and de liberately set to work to satisfy its appetite, by making a feast off one of the sleepers, who will only wake up to the horror of his situation after having been severely bitten. The bite would perhaps be unimportant in itself, but, unfortuna tely, that terrible disease, hydrophobia, is almost sure to result. Colonel Dodge, in his interest ing account of 44 Cainp Life," states that in one year, whilst at Fort Dodge, sixteen cases of skunk bite occurred, all. of which terminated fatally. Tbe only case, happening at another time, from which the patient recovered, is so graphically described by him that I have taken the liberty of copying it, thinking it may interest those who perhaps have never even heard of this dreadful little animal. During a scouting expedition in 1872, two men were sleeping in an ordinary 44 A" tent. One 44 dreamed that he was being eaten up by some animal, but a sort of nightmare pre vented his moving. After some time, however, the pain and horror, woke him up to find a skunk eating his hand. With a cry and sudden effort he threw the animal from him. It struck the other side of the tent and fell upon the other man, who waked up, mid, recognising the intru der, rushed out of the tent. The bitten man, who had heard of the surely fatal result of .skunk- bite, was so paralysed with fear and horror that he made no effort to get up, and seeing the cat coming towards him again, buried himself in the blankets. The skunk walked all over him, ap parently seeking for an opening, and, finding none, began to scratch the blankets as if trying to dig out his victim. The merital position of this poor fellow can be better- imagined than described. In the meantime the other man had loosened the tent-pins and lifted up one side of the tent, letting in the moonlight ; then pelting the animal with sticks from a distance, at last frightened it so that it ran off. into the deep dark bank of the river." The founder of 44 Cobb and Co." unlimited and everywhere, is, says the Australasian , no more. Freeman Cobb came to Melbourne at the end of 1852, or beginning of 1853, with George Mow- ton, to form a branch of Adams and Co., famed in the United States as express carriers. Mel bourne was not ripe for that business, and Mr. Cobb, who had express waggons with him, bought horses and commenced that coaching system which has made Cobb and Co. famous over the Australian colonies. After living. in America for some tune the old spirit of enterprise was aroused in him, and he went to the South Afri can gold-fields, and started Cobb and Co. there — and there he died. Adams and Co. brought wit them the two first buggies landed in Austra lia. The best friend I ever had bought one of them, and Mouton kept the other. The good people of Melbourne were highly amused at the notion of thoBe light spider-like vehicles travel ling over bush. roads. But the buggies survived the ridicule. A theatrical speculator in Italy has issued the following curious announcement at Pompeii : — " After a lapse of more than 1,800 years, the theatre of this city will be opened with 4 La Figlia del Reggimento.' I solicit a continuance of the favour bestowed on my predecessor, Mar cus Quintus Martius, and beg to assure the pub lic that I shall make every effort to equal the rare qualities displayed during his management.'' a jewellery hawker, named Sinclair, was con siderably victimised at the Court- house Hotel,, Coonamble, on the 16th. It seems (says the In dependent) he went down the town with some friends, leaving a box, containing his stock-in- trade and notes, to the value in all of between £200 and £300, in fancied security under his bed. Getting intoxicated on his rounds, he did not return to his hotel till early the following inovning, when he found his box and contents had vanished. The following is, we believe, a correct list of the stolen, property : — 27 gold brooches, 9 gold alberts, 11 gold-" suites of ear rings and brooches, 9 gold watch keys, 5 ladies' diamond rings, 18 plain gold wedding rings, 12 : gold lockets, 14 dozen French brooches, 8 mother o' pearl knives, four £10 notes and one £5 note. The'matter was at once: reported to the police, and grave suspicions attach to two individuals, but as yet no arrest lias been made or clue found \- to the whereabouts of the missing property. It is calculated that the United States fifty years hence will contain 250,000,000 of English- speaking people.' What will become of the world then ? ' . . i _ . In Rome many of the people will sign no con tract on Friday. Neither will they light three candles or sit' in a roomlwhen three candles.only are lighted. In Florence this deep-rooted horror of certain numbers and days takes quite a comi cal form. In many streets and squares, there is no number thirteen, but-twelve and a half has been substituted, so that the numbers run eleven", twelve and a half, 'and fourteen ! / In this in genious way the; dread 'number is completely done away with. UouBes bearing the unlucky thirteen rarely find, any italjan lodgers. A small American boat, flie Nautilus, which left Boston, United States,, about five weeks ago for Havre with only two riien in her, landed her crew at Mullyon Covej on the 1st August, having been prevented by an east, wind from riiaking Falmouth. The dimensions of .the boat are 19 feet deck, 15 feet keel,;breadth 6 feet, 2 feet 3 inches deep, and. draws about 6 inches of water. It is the smallest boat which has ever crossed the Atlantic. The crew are two brothers named Andrew. When about halfway out they en countered foggy heavy weather, and on one oc casion the boat was fairly lifted out of the water several feet by a huge wave. The bro thers were 48 days coming from Boston, but were delayed several days at starting in conse quence of an accident. Both men were loaking wonderfully well, and one of them went on to Havre. I Quoth a writer in a Sydney journal It is hinted that if the Prince of Wales comes to Aus tralia, the faithful Commons of Great Britain will consent to an exceptional vote of £100,000 for royal expenditure at the antipodes. How many greedy eyes will fasten upon this aspect of the Prince's visit almost to the total exclu sion of every other. Blessed are the visitors who can spend £105,000! Gould yon not track them by the gold they left behind them ? But let us pause a moment, and ask whether the faithful Commons of Great Britain would vote this money, unless they Were pretty sure the bulk of it would be spent before the royal party left Eng'and ? Would not all the pencil-cases, rings, &c.;, intended for distribution among faith ful relic worshipping colonists be purchased be fore the Prince started ? Yet that need not dis tress the friends of Mammon. The colonists themselves will set s >me scores of thousands of pounds in motion, a id there will be good times for some of the moneytakers. There are one million persons resident in London who never go to church. There are ten thousand public-houses in that city, thirty thou sand known thieves, and fifteen thousand fallen women. Professor Agassiz asserts that a man's finger nails will grow to.be 3000 feet long if he leaves them uncut for 1000 years., No person will ever be able to contradict the Professor by actual ex perience. the-London correspondent of The East Ang- Itcan Daily Times writes There is yet some three years' more work befpre the Old Testament Company, but this work, of revising the New Testament is approaching completion. Next year, probably, the work will be presented to Convocation. Already it is nearly all printed, the two Universities having given £20,000 for the privilege, of printing it, of which they pay £2,000 yearly. The case of Mr. Troutbeck, the secretary, deserves recognition, scarcely less than that of Bishop Ellicott, the chairman, who, pre siding for six hours daily for four days every . three weeks, is said never to have once lost his temper or failed to carry his colleagues with him. The blindness of the late King of Hanover was occasioned, it is understood, by an acciden tal, and by no means violent, blow upon the eye. Scarcely a day passes, ; we believe, without some schoolmaster (or schoolfellow, in natural imitation of his master), giving a lad a smart " box" upon the ear Few persons would be bold enough to choose the eye as a part upori which it was expedient to inflict a violent blow by way of moral education, but there is ap parently no end to the numbers who select an organ upon which violence is liable to be at tended with much more dangerous results. For not only is deafness caused by 44 boxes," which rupture (as they continually ;do) the drum of the ear, but the inflammation of the internal cavity, which is so frequent a result; may be followed by disease of the bone, giving rise to abscess of the brain, and having a fatal termination. Medi cal men alone can be fully aware of how fruit ful a source of suffering and danger is repre sented by the box upon the ear. There are, for example, under observation at the present mo ment two schoolboys who have been the vic tims of such an assault. Surely, schoolmasters ought to have learned, long ere this, the danger of a mode of personal chatiseraent that has ap parently usurped the place of others which, if more disgusting, were not attended with an equal amount of peril. — Lancet. The Bank of Australasia was sued the other day for damages at the Sale County Court for refusing payment of a cheque for 5s. on the ground that it was not the usage of the Bank to cash cheques of less than 20s. An apology was afterwards tendered to the plaintiff — Henry Peck —with the offer of a donation; of £5 5s, to the local hospital in his name. This- was refused, the plaintiff demanding £20. ' His Honor Judge Nolan said the law was clear, and the cheque should have been cashed, but .he thought the apology should have been accepted, A verdict was given for £5 with £3 2s. 6d. costs. 