]ii ni'xo ])t??oxNs,.-fin tihe yealr 16i94 it I:; dis(covered by actual lexperinent at itlo'lncu I tht a diamondl would burn. Coslno III had one fixed in the focus of a burning-ghiss, anmd after soma exposure to the rays of tle sun it cracked, corusceated, and iinally disappeareda like a ghost, leav ing no h'acoo behind. Ezxeriments of thi. Iind are costly. They were long in yield ing any seientilic results. It was only a sovereign Prince who could afford to see his jewels vanish lilke the gifts of a fairy god mother. Another potenitate, thei Emperor Irancis I, tried a nmnber of valuable dii muondsl in the hea]t of a smelting fUr'naCe, 111and( may have fellt some gratification iln fininng thaIt they hadl disappeared. This was in 1750, and ablout twenty years later a magl?liiCOle dia mont w011 a bW u rllnte l France. A jeweller by the name of Le BImlc denied the possibility of burning di: monds alnd suspected unfair play on the piart of Mlacquer, the chemist who con ducted the operation. I1e lid often, lhe asserted, exposed diamonds to great heat, with the sole result of increasing their bril liancy. Mr. Strecter had done the sailme with success. Butl Lo Blanc onlly knew ]half of lwhalt Ir. Streeter knows, and when tlhe chemist demanded thalt he should inclose some diamonds in coal on a crucible he rashly assented, and in thllrcoe hours they lhad all disappeared. 'hen anotlher jewel let, Millarld by name, who seems to have lhaid a suspicion of time truth, put thlree dia monds into an eacrthen liowl-p1ipe, packed in charcoal, anid exposed thelm withlount ilnjury to intense heat. Lavoisier, who was pre sount, proved in 1770 that by shutting out thIe air thle diamond was preserved in a furnace, but that thle admission of oxygen, with which the carbon combines, ellows the did mond to burn like a i)iece of coal. IosErv-Lr:xsmns..--It is not at all surpris ing that people who trest themselves to the tender mercies of tihe cent. per cent. gentle men should filnd themselves frilequently landed in the insolvent court. Some tinime ago a widow lady raised a loan of £280 from one of these fiinncial agents, giving tile security of a bill of sale and on ulnder taking to pay £550 at the rate of .£25 pier monllth for thle aceommodation offered. She managed to pay off.£21 ; but then as the payments were not coming in so rapidly as had been agreed upon, a fresh arranigement was made. She got £20 more, and tlhen hier indebtedness was £355, which she agreed to pay off by £20 monthlly instal ments. She paid two instalmensts of £20, and aifter an intoerval of two months tihe usurer was again down on her, and this time made anotler arrangement still more in his own favor. By a manoeuvre peculiar to this class of transactions he said thlit tihe bill of sale already given was for a friend and lie wisheld to have a bill of sale in his own name. I-e gave the lady a chelque for £315 to pay off hIis friendl and then for his kind accommodation by a stroke of the pen hlie increased hier liability to ;£330 and secured a bill of sale for that amount, which she was to pay off by weekly instalments of £0. Slhe was however unable to mieet tlhe instalments and tihe bill of sale holder tooke possession of hier prop)erty asld she had to go into the court. Cases of this kihid should aict as a warning to all persons against placinhg themselvhes under obligations to usurers of this extortionate class. More than one hundred per cent. was charged in this instance, and there is little wonder that the unfortunate lady came to grief. It was still more unfortunate for her other creditors. Before flying to usurers of so pronounced a typo people in extremities would only be acting in common justice if they consulted their creditors, who have already assisted them on reasonable terms. It is due to them that this should be done, and they would goncerally find that they would get more effective help from thllese than from usurers. By borrowing from money-lhnders they must almost invariably hurt if they do not ruin themselves, and they cannot do otherwise than injure their creditors. If tlheir prospects of pnayment are good they will get easier assistance than from profes sional money-lenders; and if these are bad they casenot do better than at once surren der what they have to the'ir creditors with out frittering it away on usurers. --Echo. EATIr e0o3 STh?vATION AND NEGLECT. Yesterday the coroner for thie Duchy of Lancaster held an inquest at the Edmonton Union, Edmonton, upon Lydia Frances MIorris, aged sixty-five, the widow of a nobleman's bailiff, who, it was alleged, had died from starvation and neglect. Mr. J. Cornell, relieving officer for the parish of Tottenham, said the son of the deceased called on him on Thursday week and asked for a medical order for his mother, who required a doctor to see her. By witness's desire Dr. Hall attended deceased, and when witness saw the doctor thie next day he ordered him to have Mrs. Morris re moved to the Union without deilay. On the snmne day witness went to Stnamford cottages; Stamford-hill, where deceased lived, and found her in a back room sitting in an arm-chair. Sheo was delirious, and her skin and clothes were begrimed with dirt. She was in a wea~kly condition, and was removed to the Union ih a brougham. -Mrs. Hutchins,. a neiobour., spolke to assisting deceased c to tbo Union. On the journey tlhe old lady tnalked rationally enough, and observed that it would now all come out. Her son, with whom she had lived, had treated lher most cruelly. He had kuocked her about, nicglected her, and had takcn her money from her. Witness subsequently spoke to tlhe son of deceased concerning what his mother said about him. -Ellen Swain, nurse at the Union, spolo to receiving deceased under her clhargeo. She was in such a filthy condition tlhat she lhad to be put into a warm sbath before placing helr iu bed. Every attaution was paid to liher, but she died on Wednesday last.--Mr. Seagravc, surgeon, said he saw deceased on her admission. She was then dreadfully weak and collapsed, and he did inot think she could live many hours. He ordered eggs, brandy, and milk, andl she revived for a day or two. She was fright fully emaciated and lher skin was dis colored, bult whether from bruises he could not say. His deliberate judgment was that the poor wosman lhad died of starvation and neglect. Witness spole to the son of dcccased as to hIis conduct towards his mother, and hle was most impertinent in hIis ansswer.-l-IHery Edward rLosng, son of deceased, said lhe was a, house pnainter and Ilhad lived with his motlher (the deccaseid). W\hen in work he earned about. n a2 wck, but sometimes hle was out of employ. They had three rooms, for which he plaid 5/- a week. His mnother was entirely supported by him, and had her meals with him. Ho had been ount of worlk for a fortnight pro vious to her death, and under those ciroum itancoe they both lied to do the boet they could for food. IHe denied having ill-used his mother, and sho had clean clothes in her possession. She could not cat meat, but she had broth. His reason for going to the relieving-officer was to get a doctor to see her, although it was against her wish. -The coroner sunnmed up tihe case and the jury returned a verdict to the effect that the decea:sed died from starvation alnd neglect, leaving the ease for tiehe polico to takeo any achion they might think fit. CONFESSION OF A iURDEr. IN SrYDNEY. At the Marlborougl-street police-court on October 2, -lHenry Thorne, 110no fixed home, seaman, was charged before Mr. Newton, on his own confession, with having com mitted nmurder by shooting a man, name unknown, at Globo Island, near Sydney, New South Wales, on February 20, 1877. The following is the prisoner's statement, as given at the police- station :-AboutFeb rnary 20, 1877, I was in tile Butchers' Arms, Glebe Island, near Sydney, Austra lia, at two in the day. A man who said he was a stock- driver from up-country and myself were drinkhing together at the bar, when an argument arose between us about shooting; snd the man, who lhad a six barrelled revolver (Adam's), suggested we should go to some clearance near and shoot for drinks, to decide whichl was the best shot. I agreed, anud we left and went to a clearance, and fired six shots each at a, stlump of a tree, the man proving the best shot. It was then my turn to fire again, the man standing on my right side, close to me. I had the loaded revolver in my righ8t hand, when, from some cause or other, a chamber tired, and the shot entered the head of the man, behind the car. IHe jumped up asd fell forward, as I believe, tdeal. I renainedt about five minutes, tlhrew the revolver away, and turned ithe man over, when, finding he did not move, I became frightened, anid left, andul went to Sydney. I remained tlhere till the evening, and then went to Newcastle, N.S.W., andl after\wards shipped for -Houghong, and then to England, arriving at Southampton by the Pekin s teamship in September, 1877, my passage having been procuredl by thie authorities of IIogkong, where I had been very ill. Since I came to England I have hand no regular employment, having been in badl health, and attendinig Guy's and Char ing Cross hospitsls. I have had no regular home, and( have slept in lodging-houses wherever I have been, and am now desti tute. I wish to add that the shooting was a pure accident, and make this statemenC t as I wish the man's friends to know how hlie met his death. I have never bfelt settled since it occurred, and gave myself up that the niatter may be investigated. The landlord of the house served us with drink, and saw us leave together. I know nothing more of the man I shot, who was about tlhity-six years of ageo, five feet five inches high, stout, fresh complexion, hair and whiskers red, and he looked like a stock driver." The police-inspector said the prisoner sceemedl quite sober and in his right senses whien miaking tihe statement, and lihe now declared it to be quite true. Mr. New ton saidl if the pistol went off by accidlent it was no murder; but he would gramnd a re meud. FIMALE FoTsnEes.-MrS. LBrons, widow of a lieutenant in the Forty-cighth Regi ment, British army, has just died in Eng land, at the age of eighty-eight. From the passage of tile Douro, May 12th, 1809 she was then only nineteen-till the battle of Salamanca, July 23, 1812, she was the constant companion of her husband in Spain. An English writer recalls the fact that Senator Gordon's wife was with him constantly during the civil war; that in tho Burmese war of 1826, three young and halndsome native woman of rank, who were supposed to be gifted with supernatural power, so that no bullets could wound. them, rode among the levies encoreaging them to fight against the English, and how on almost every battle-field the corpse of a woman is to be found among the slain. Sergeant-major Cotton, in his Voice from Waterloo, says that there were many fe males found among the dead, and that all of them woro male attire, andl were known to have been martial in their bearing, and as courageous as the ordinary rank and file. Just at the moment when Shaw the Guards man, fell mortally wounded, " after having killed nine of his steel-clad opponents," a French officer, whose horse had been shot under him, seized the regimental colors of the Thirty-second Foot, which were carried by Lieutenant Belcher. A struggle ensued, and the Frenchman endeavoured to draw his sword. when he was wounded in the breast by a thrust of a halbert, and was immediately shot dead by a soldier named Lacey. It was in vain that Major O'Toole exclaimed, when it was too late, " save that brave fellow ! " and after the battle tihe generous major and Col. Brown discovered that the huzzar officer whom Lacey had shot, was an exceedingly handsome youmg lady. NAnnomw ESCAPE OF' TIm DA.NISn ROeAL FAMILY. - A Copenhageon correspondent, writing on tie 2Oth October,. says :- "The royal family had, on Monday night, a nar row escape from instantaneous death. The King, the Quoeen, and the Princess Thyra hadleft their country residence of Berns dorff Castle, with the intention of driving into town to bo present at the representa tion of a new national opera. The road from the castle crosses the railway-line from Copenhageon to Elsmore, and there is thereforo a gate, which is closed whenoever a traiu is expected to pass; but on this night, by the neglect of the gatelkeeper, tho gate was left open, and the royal carriageo went on its way, when suddenly a train turned the curre, and passed so close that tihe hind wheels of the carriageo were actu ally touched by the buffers of thle engine; whlile only thie presoence of mind of t~ho driver of the carriago contaiining the ladies and geintlemen in waiting, which followed close after the royal carriago, saved its oo cupants from certain destruction, tie train passing between the two carriages. The Qucen was naturally much alfected by thie terrible danger, anl her Miajesty was unabloe to remain in the theatreo during thie entire perfotrmancee of the opera. Thie railway compainy instantly dismissedi the gate keeper; but at the request of thoIing, who thoughst that "the man had had such a lesson that hle would be sure to be careful in future," he was reinstated in his situa, tion.-Pall Meall Gazettoe, 