MUSIC AND DRAMA. \- ' ^ This week we have had Mr. Creswick at the Victoria Theatre in two - different parts— as Iago in ' Othello,' and as Wemer in his own adaptation of Lord Byron's formerly nnsncoeesfnl tragedy of that name. His Iago is a renowned performance, and we cannot do better titan rue the wordB already need by a competent critic with regard to it : '? Hot less interesting as a study has been Mr. Creswick's shifting from Othello to lago ; and to oar amateur actors, of whom we have a goodly few, the study must have been a singularly profitable one. It is difficult to say which o f the two characters he sustained brat His Othello was a fine, hold, masterly piece of acting, and the deep passion of a frank, powerful nature was finely thrown out. Vet if any one should say that his Iago was a higher reach of art, we should not quarrel with the decision. ? Othello' is a play that belongs to the binary system — it is a double star, and cannot be properly presented unless each orb is of the first magnitud. Othello is the dominant character, and his fortunes make the ab sorbing interest of the story. But though, as a whole, the play cannot be well presented if the part of Othello is below par, yet a good lago better repays an attentive study than a good Moor. Though Othello's weakness and misfortunes draw every one's sympathies, the character is, after all, that of a rough diamond. The swarthy Moor is one of the children of the sun — fiery and impetuous ; and his dash, his courage, his boldness, found m the tented field the natural opportunity for its exercise. When he fell under the dominion of love the tenderer part cf his nature stood revealed, and when his jealousy was aroused the same unres trainable impetuosity is seen under a new aspect. But though this strength of his nature carries us forward with him through b-t- troubled history, the grain of the character is, after all, coarse. Othello is a splendid animal, gentle and fiery, like a noble thoroughbred, yet ananimal after all. But in Iago we have intellect, though warped to bad uses. We have a subtle, scheming knave, with a fair outward seeming^ and a diabolical purpose underneath. There is some passion, hut it is all subdued. It iB a nature strong in self- restraint and in tenacity of purpose, and flexible in its adapta tion of means to end. It is a character which requires much more delicacy of treatment than that of Othello. In Crhello the character is simple and honest, and the strugglo is only between the feel ings of love and jealousy. The outward variety is simply the irvmbol of the alternate rising and falling of the con flicting emotions ; but in Iago the outward changes are efforts of art, the skill of duplicity ; and the way in which, from fir st,. to last, Mr. Creswick carries this character inrougn -.aces nun ui me num. mux _oi uis proression. After thy first exhibition of his hatred and his deep design, noth;-g could be better than his fine, free, soldierly c Vflage in pnblic, his graoeful, deferential bearing, so exactly adapted to win the unsuspicious confidence of those whom he meant to betray. As the plot goes on, it falls to his lot to deil separately with different characters — with his own wife, with Othello, with Desdemona, with Cassio, and with Boderigo. With each one he has to play a part, and with each a separate part. Vhe delicate variations of style of the accomplished hypo crite demand a masterly power of pourtrayal. But Mr. Creswick is equal to each occasion, and his tone, his gesture, his look, hit each part to the life. There is no Bagging to the very end, and even after he had uttered his last word, there is a world of actor's power in the look of scorn, of defiance, of contempt, with which he meets his fate. We confess great obligations to Mr. Creswick for the wsv in which he has illustrated this play of Shakspsare's ; and if this double performance had been designed as a special acknowledgment of the appreciation he has met with in Sydney, it could not have taken a form more agreeable to our feelings. The 'Wemer' production was a different affair alto gether. Mr. Creswick's impersonation of the hero is a re markably powerful example of melodramatic genius, and the adaptation which he gives of Lord Byron's tragedy, which in its original shape was never actable, was as now given rendered tolerable. The play will be changed shortly for a repetition of ' Virgmius. The new season at the Theatre Royal commenced on Monday night. The worn-cut drama of ' Bast Lynue ' was produced as the first drama, and it was gratifying to find that there was a crowded house to welcome the reappoar ance of Mrs. Scott-Siddons at the theatre where she has already so greatly distinguished herself. It is now two years, to the very day, since Mrs. Siddons first came before a Sydney audipnce; and she has ever Bines preserved the reputation with which she came, and the mark she then made. She has played many and various parts, from Lady Macbeth down wards, in the colonies ; and as to the comparative excellence of these, opinions may differ ; but as to the general excel lence of Mrs. Siddons' s impersonations, there can be but one opinion. For ourselves, we believe, for many reasons, that her elegant comedy characters are her best ; yet we freely admit that in almost every instance she plays most satisfac torily ; and, above all, one is certain, when she appears, to see a la4y end a ladylike performance. Ho better instance can be given of this 'than her Lady Isabel in ' East Lynue.' It was peculiarly distinguished by true ladylike style. Notwithstanding all the absurd mistakes which the drama makes Lady Isabel commit, and which terminate with her elopement with Sir 'Francis Levison; she is, and remains fromfiret to last, a ladv, and such Mrs. Siddons makes it. Tjiere is great beauty in her delineation of the innooent and winning manner with which the play opens and her inability to understand her husband's reticence. Natural too is the way in which she resents what she considers his coldness and nnkindness. The yielding to Sir Francis Levison's suggestions ot evil is the forced part of the drama, hut that is no fault of the actress. If it were a possibility under the circumstances, it would, so far as one can imagine, be done according to Mrs.-SiddonB'R presentation. After this, how ever, she gives a beautiful and most artistic rendering of the result of the rash fall of the unfortunate Lady Isabel. In fine, if anything could reconcile one to this plky, it would he Mrs. Siddonss' acting. Then Mr. Chaplin hae given a capital rendering of Sir Francis Levison. It is not a new part, for he has always been cast for it during his stay in Sydney, but in this case he was better than . usual. Miss Deorwyn makes a good Barbara Hare, and plays it lightly and agreeably. Mr. Bainford is the least effective person in the cast. He is. all through, cold and unimpas eioncd, _ Neither. Lady Isabel's love nor her desertion dis turbs his self-complacency. This may be considered mere stolidity, which is no part of the role of Mr. Carlyle. But a worse fault is, that his manner to Barbara Hare is much more tender than to Lady Isabel. This is a mistake, for nothing more than ordinaiy friendship and a desire to serve ber brother was intended. Miss Oliver, Miss Bo gers, and Messrs. Welsh and South played very fairly, anl alto gether the reproduction of this -version of ' East Lvnne' may be regarded as one of the brat we have had. We do not* like any version, notwithstanding. There is no change to notice in the other enter tainments in town this week. Messrs. Baker and Farron have done a great amount of - business at the Queen's Theatre. Their ' Conrad atd Lizette' seems never to fail in its attractive power, and crowded houses every night have been the result. D'Arcy Read's Ghost and Thompson's Diorama have been as successful as usual ; and Spencer's Polytechnic keeps up a full complement of visitors. The only notable event in the musical world since our last issue has been Mdlle. Charbonnet's second concert, given on Saturday, the 11th, at the Masonic Hall, when the lady had the assistance of Mrs. Rosenborg and Signor Steffani as vocalists, and of Herr Kretschmann, M. Jules Meil han, and two gentlemen, amateurs as instrumentalists. Mdlle. Charbonnet's playing was the feature of the evening, and in her various performances the fair pianiste amply asserted her title to be ranked high ra an executant, despite an exaggerated showiness of style. Although adopting a method of manipulation almost absurdly demon strative, Mdlle. Charbonnct displayed a precision of hand, and a strength, suppleness, and independence of fingering, worthy of all commendation. Messrs. Kretschmann and Meilham ably supported the concert-giver, but the singing was not of equal merit. 