AM U S12 M K NTS There has not peen a dearth of amusement* this month in the city, for tho holding of the Master Pair afforded in itself sufficient amusement for the jntblic to extend over the whole of the month. The variety of entertainments provided was as charmiug as their noveltj' and peculiarities. Then there was a Indie*' bazaar, an opera, dramatic entertainment, waxworks, Punch and Judy, JJlon din, Christy Minstrelsy, and many other minor shows. The Fair wan kept more or leas alive dur ing the whole of Krister week. Then the public had been surprised by the man* ner in which" Hamlet" wad represented by a num ber of well known local amateurs. Th« principal characters were sustained as follows:—Hamlet, Mr. W. J. Billon; Horatio, Mr, ,T. Jeremy, juur.; Ghost, Mr. (\>burn; l,uertc£, Mr. II. Jackson, juur.; J^iloniwi, Mr. Carra; King, Mr. 1\ Macobov; First (Jravedigycr, Mr. Tone; Ophelia, Miss O'Sullivan. The performance wa* a ^reftt success; indeed, so much so that a second lepre mentation wjw petitioned for and given, and a third represcutat on is now about to take place. A second n-jt of amateurs played the "Lady of Lyons,'' ami also in a measure scored a success. Tiiu Sandhurst Philharmonic Socicty on Good Friday night gave Hayden's oratorio of " The Creation,'1 Weber's ".label" overture, and .\lr. H. J. King's (jmi.) mottet " Super-Fluwui.-t." Tlie performance waj a very successful on*, and W;us attended by r. large number of people. Mr. .King acted an conductor, and the soloists worn— Mi^es Macoboy, Warns, and Yvylie, Messrs, \\\\\ Brown, Ellison, F. and -M. Macoboy, Kipper, fthil Tluirburn. On Good Fridiy a large number of school pic nics were lieid, and the Deutsche Vereiu, to the number of about oOO, also made merry in picnic assembled at Grassy Flat. Athletic sports wore also held at the cricket ground, Back Crcok, but were not largely attended. During'the month a troups of Christy iqraatre]s performed at St. .Tames's Hall, qnd diil'a fiur busi ness. A novel loeturo has been delivered in the Congregational Church by the Kev. Mr. Allen; it was a candle lecture for children. The candles were used ns illustrations of the different kinds of light by which men walk. The l!ev. Charles Clark has received ail imuisnsa reception upon his return to the city as a public lecturer, lie delivered his new lecture, "West minster Abbey," which, however, did not give the unqualified pleasure some of his former lectures produced. However, he is indeed a lecturer jxtv cjteclkncc. 