MSKNTS. The theatrical barornoterahowa no uigiiflof change, tho pantoniimoii btill holding pouHea slon of tlio boards, Pooplo arc beginning to \\)0 Inquisitive, however, na to what h to Uii low at tho conclusion of the conventional burlouquo nuaoon. Are wo to havo a cpm- inariftgcrH going to adhere to tho old boatoh track of newfioeiofcyplayflof which tho morale iff queslionablo, and which do not even ponmnin the merit of boing well played ; or inuot we bo contented with tho lo/;ilimato drama btJnft but tho vehicle for contracting tho good point* of a ntar willi tho incapacity of the most of lliwio who support him t When fti»torl apnoftcod iioro »:ur performance wna enhanced by the completeness of tho enst nnd ' by tho manner in whioh tho other mombers of tho company played up. to tho. groafc tragedionno. Wonderful I was the comment of critics and public Thoy lookod upon tho striot proaorvation of all tho uniticB as being tho particular attribiitos of this company. The same oxcollonco oxista in a groat number of French, and - in all tho leading thoatros of Ger many. Iu Engliah-spoaking countries tho rovorae is Iho rulo, Tho leading cka« ractera may bo woll aud creditably sus tained, but in most performances a good situation is turned into burlosquo, and laughtor ia evoked iii the middle of a soeno intended to harrow the feelings of tho audience by the ignorance of some subordU nato, who in a speech of three lines commits the grossest solecisms against all known rules of elocution or pronunciation. Of course one canuot expect all the nttri butos of an Edmund Kcau or a Brooko for £2 por week, but a low salary ia no exouso for reckless oxtravagauco iu the matter of aspirates, individual' adaptation of tho author's dialogue, or a total obliviousnosa of tho text to bo spoken. It 'is not too much to expect that any aotor, what ever his position may be, ahould be at Iea3t letter-perfect in the part for which he is cast. The answer put forward with regard to Ristori's oompnny and those playing in theatres subsidised by Government or tho municipal authorities is, ' Ob, thoy play eo long together that everything goes like clookwork.' In England we hear of pieces running thoro hundreds of night3 in which the same violence to the unities occurs night after night— while here there are members of companies who have certainly played long enough together to upset the plea of want of opportunity for skilful combination and com plete organisation. In foreign countries tho position of an actor in royal theatres ia an assured one. ^ He is tho servant of tho State, whose retention of his appointment, however BmaU, ia dependant on his doing his duty faithfully in that state of life to which- he is called, and conduct ing himself properly iu his social relations with his fellow-men. When incapacitated from further work he knows that a pension based upon length of service and the actual salary he is receiving when forced to quit tho stage awaits him. Actors have before them an incentive not only to carefully pursue the even tenor of their way, but also to make such improvement as will entitle them to an increased pension in their declin ing yoara. ThoBe actors playing in proprietary theatres know that if thoy get a namo for intelligence and care the doors of a Govern ment theatre will, sooner or later, be open to them, although they may develop no extra ordinary amount of genius. In England there are no suoh incentives for the histrionic small fry. They rub along as they best can as long aa a manager tolerates them, and concentrate all thoir energies upon being punctual 'when the ghost walks.' In the old country the theatres are so numerous that, no doubt, there is a difficulty in getting cheap ' utility men' and talking supernumeraries, aud managers have to put up with what thoy would refuse if unlimited selection- were open to them. Here, perhaps, the same difficulty exists, but our discipleB of tho sock and buskin havo an excuse which their confreres at home cannot offer. In England the stage management. is at present good, and all havo tho opportunity of im proving if they havo any aptitude. Here it is different. Stage managers think it ia suHioiont if they are well up in the stereotyped ' atago busiueBB.' They ignore the necea sity of being able to give hints aa to the correct drc3S, to point out little huahecs of social etiquette, and .to instruct actors bow to speak properly. It must have struck playgoers as extremely absurd to hoar a dozon members of a company each uttering a common French word- in every variety of pronunciation. It is not intended to assert that with tho material at bis command oven tho best stage manager could achievo perfection, bub he certainly might be ablo to impress upon his company that n dress coat and black trouaors aro not tho usual morning oostumu adopted by the males of the British upper ten^thoueaud, and that there is no oocamon for a fiuid g at tho end of suoh Froneh words aa&on; and /on, So-culled society playu appear to bo all the rage just now, and tor their Bucccssful production a careful at tention to all the dctuils of coutuuio and the uijhci vuiiuu ui tuu tuuiui niiiuuiwui ui iiiiu nay is necessary. A great number of Victorian prof cat ionals aro natives of tho soil, and it would bo too exacting to suppose that thoy can intuitively adopt manners of whioh thoy know nothing, and reproduce charaotera tho originals of whom they havo never scon. Thoy want aonio one able to toauh thorn, and to explain what they aro expected to do ; and tho beat way of doing this would bo for tho lewaooa to eugago tho uerviuco of a stago manager, a man whose qualifications are not limited by his ability to explain how tho 'stage ia to bo filled,' or how athrilling 'aBido' ia to bowhiaperod. Ho should, bomdes being a man of the worh), umisonn refinement and cduuution, ahould know exactly, what is'wantod, and how to itnpnrl what ho knows. .Such a man could bo got, - but not without an expenditure to which managements aro avomo to oom- milling thomHolvfiB. It would bo a paying spooulution, however, iu tho oud. Picoou would ho proudly put upon tho etago, and Iho public would not bo alow to npprooiato tho improvement for tho bettor, Tho era of 'fako' has rmoacd ; pkygoora will not put up with it ; and until mimageinoiitu tiro con verted to thiH boliof they must not ho utir priori if thu pulilio romuin inuormiblo to tho doacriptivo eloquence dUplayod ia ftdvor* ti')cincnt anil /yrogtmniiio. ' At tho Thoatro lloyal tho Forly Tliiovos hnu boon fairly patroniuod ; and tho Niuuhury Tioiipo, at the J'riiiooof WalcnOpora Houao, continue to pluuau in Iho yiuoping lieauty, At tho Aca'lomy of Miuio audioncoa do nob appear to havo got tired of KoLinBon Grniioo, During tho wool:, atthoPrinoe«u'aThoiitro, himitB. Farron niut Jkknrhavo coutluuud to .amiunr an Ijizzlo and John Mtofol, iu Struck Oil, Mr. (icorf/,o It, Ireland iu nnuouticod to Hliottly muko bin first ftjipoarmieo iu Mol boiit'iie siiiaoliin ruttsrn to Aiutnilia. )livywai'(l'« C'onibinution Troupo, at Ht Gooifto'o Uull, muliitniii their uluco 111 itublio favor, Mr. Lnrooho'a exhibition of vorsatilo talent boing tho ohiof attraction of tho por. formanco. Tho transformation soonos ia tho Babes in tho Wood is ollootivo, and Lovo in a Tub is amusing. Bailey and Cooper, with thoir circua, loavo Melbourne at tho cloao of this wook, whon they willoommcnco a profoasional tour of the Sroyincoa, oponing at Kilmoro on Mon ayj 21st inat. During tho week the por* formanoe paasod off with tho, usual Bttocoss. Tho riding is oxoollont, tho acts on tho trapoze aro sensational, and tho feats of strength, by tho lady perforrnora aro won dorftu. A complimentary bonofifc was given to Mr. Lytton Sothern on the 10th insfc., in tho Sydney Guild Hall, prior to his departure for Now Zealand, the sale of tickets being limited to the mombers of committoo and thoir friends. There was a crowded attend ance, tho Governor aud family and the representatives of Sydnoy sooioty being pro sent. Tho piocos playod were My Unole'a Will, Checkmate, and tho burlesque of Alonzo the Brave, oxFaust and the fair Imogono. Mr. Sothcrn wns supported by amateurs, and the performance as a wholo is spoken ot in terms of praise by tho local journals. Herr and Mrs. Bandmann havo been playing in Bristol, tho former appearing as Juliet and the lattor as Mercatio. The will of tho late Mdlle. Tietjons baa been proved. Her personal property in England was sworn ander £16,000, which she has divided amongst her surviving rela tives. ? Of Miss Emily Molville's performance ia New York iu Ambroiso Thomas's opera, Summer Night's Dream, a local oritio writes: — ' Although the opera itself did not create a remarkably profound impression — indeed, ifc was withdrawn last night— Miss Melville fairly took the audionce by storm. Her pretty face, winning manner, and really ex ' cellent voice were all fnlly appreciated, and iu her more taking numbers she was moat enthusiastically encored. Tha crifcioa all speak of her in the highest terms, and ifc is very evident that she is to bocome a great favorite here. Her improvement since her appearance in New York Bomo years ago, at tho Winter Garden, is most marked, aud ifc is almost impossible to recognise in tho ex cellent singer and piquaut actresa the orudo girl who played Pocahontaa then, although, even at that period she gave promise of a bright future.' She also appeared in The Bohemian Girl, Montana and Fra Diavolo, and Planquelle's opera, Lea Cioohes de Corne ville, under the namo o£ the Chimes of Nor inandy, with groafc success. Mr. Sofchern did not, after all, in New York, act as auctioneer for the sale of the boxoa for the benefit of the late Edwin Adams. But; he kept his word in the mat- . ter of the first box offered, and gave 560 dol. for ifc, subsequently relinquishing it for the good of the fund. J. C. Williamson gave 100 dol. for the first seat in the parquetto, and Florence paid 100 dol. for a box. The wholo sale realised about 2250 dol. The result of tho bonofifc was the realisation of about 8000 dol. Entertainments were given for tho same object at Philadelphia and Albany, at . whioh were netted respectively 700 and 400 dpi. Ifc. is estimated that from all sources' his widow will receive about 13,000 dol. Mr. Henry Irving, the English actor, may, Bays the London correspondent of the South Australian Jiegister, shortly pay Austra- , iia a visit. He is stated also to have been a .pupil of Mr. Hoskins's. Mr. Irving's succeaa has, it would appear, made him touchy, and he, like many others, does not like /criticisms that are unfavorable to him. At a banquet which he. recently attended in Edinburgh he took occasion to sneer at provincial critics, whom he called ' roporfceiB earning thirty, shillinga a week,' and as being unlit to give an opinion on matlors of art. He further avowed his con tempt for newspapers, stating he never read them, * because the criticisms contained in them were cither calculated to annoy him or mnku him vain, but that there wore always plonty of good friends to tell him what was said about him. A writer in a London jour nal, under the signature of 'A Dramatio Critic,' thus lakes Mr. Irving to task: — ' Before Mr. Irving indulges in snoors afc tho oxpouao of journalism and its laws ho should make himself acquainted with thoso inexor ablo laws of demand and supply which fix litorary salaries fur below anything hoard of on the stago this actor bo conspicuously adorns, Mr. Irving takes his almnd on thirty shilling salaried, implying, no doubt, that only a miserable back would conde scend to write for euoli a figure ; but Mr. Irving would bo surprised If ho knew what ' value ho has from time to time received from thirty shilling critics, and astonished if be woro told that tho aalarioo offored to and accepted by tho leading critics of tho Lon don und provincial press are not equivalont to thost' offorod to tho moat; inaignilicant actors on tho Btage. Thia idlo comparison . between roportors and oritioa, thia arrogant drawing of tho lino between thirty shilling critiou and four pound a wook critioa( bolongs to that ourious lino of thought which outi. mates a critioium by tho oizu of the typo in whioh it is, printed aud thu form of tho periodical in whioh it nppoara. Bcoauso the critics of anotlior ountury wroto in mnga zinea thoy aro cullod good critics ; buoauao Iho oritiou of our timo wrilo in nownpapers thoy aro called indifferent critics. Tho oritio who writes in a oixponny review is considered relatively hotter than tho oritio of a ponny pnper. Thoro iu no attempt to oomparo or diaoriminuto. Tho matter nmy bo as brilliant as any that ovor proouuml from tho pen of a Hazlitt or a Leigh Huut— but, no, it utuufc bo bad iu tho aotor'a oyos, booautio it oomoa from a ' ro porter,' and wae paid for Rt thorato of thirty uhillingu a wcok. Would that Mr. Irving could aomoliinoB forgufc tho proaont and follow hia own oaroor iu tliouo atruxgling daya at tho Sd, .Tiudoh'u Thoatro, when n olaviah obodicnoo to old aotors, old tradi tions), musty proccdonta and fltorootypod phroaoH rniyht havo ritticiilod tho young Hiimlot inutoad of onuourngiug him—miuht havo Hnaorod on tho bloinishoa and for^ottuu Uiomorda. Iu truth, Mr. Irving,' many a' good word haa boon epokon of you by nioro'i lopnrturu, a« you call thorn ; many an hououfe / lift you havo had by Ihii by-nliilfiiitf oritiou ; : and thono woro daya, Ion/; ulnoo forwotton, alna I by you, dayii whon you did road oriti oiuniH, whou tliny didn't inntio you Vniu or mako vou initiurablo ; dftva whou you did your work as honestly na you do now ; days ?when you wore not bo well known by tho public as you nro now ; dnya when you woro »ot of opinion thofc in mattorB of art tho lesa that roportoro said tho hotter, hocauso thoy know nothing about it !' 