Country Correspondence. MAITLAND. June 21, 1878. Yesterday, being the Queen's Accession day, was kept as a public holiday, but there was nothing particular going on with the exception of the PRESENTATION, to Father McCabe, which took place in the Catholic Chapel, there was a large attendance, and the present consisted of a purse of sovereigns. given by the congregation of the above chapel, be was also presented with a very handsome address, beautifully worked on satin by Mr.Thomas O'Brien, Senr.,to which was given a response by Father McCabe in a very appropriate speech. I think the address the nicest of the kind I have ever seen on the Peninsula. Father McCabe is leaving for Ireland, and is greatly esteemed by the congregation. I say may he have a safe and prosperous journey. There is great talk about AN INSTITUTE. We all think it would be a good thing for the district if we had one here, and we hope the two or three gentlemen who have taken the matter in hand will use their very best efforts to push the thing forward. May success follow them in their undertaking. I think Mr Clark has shown liis good sense in abandoning the idea of opening a new shop here, seeing that business is already greatly over-done in this township. So much so that I think the trad s- people here will soon be placed in a similar position to the Moonta trades- people, and will have to sell their goods for barely over cost. There has a been great stir I hear among the Aborigines at the Mission Station, and it is supposed to be caused through drink. The general impression is that money payments should be discontinued to the blacks, as it enables them to purchase spirits, through the medium of scampish whites ; besides which it helps to make them independent of the Mission Station. It is rumoured that a WINE LICENCE has been granted in Kilkerran, and we should all feel greatly obliged, Sir. if you could further us with information whether such is the case or not. We think if such licence has been granted the Bench of Magistrates :ire certainly wrong, seeing we have already so many hotels in the district, and more especially as it is in close proximity to the Mission Station. We think this matter ought to be looked into, as if it is not stopped, it is likely to end in serious results. There is also great talk about starting an AG J! ICITLT C If A L S'ICIETY and holding a Ploughing Match, and it is a wonder this has not been done before in such a large agricultural district as we have; One of the residents in KILKERRAN has informed me that four inches of rain has fallen in Kilkerran this month. Also they are going to start a CRICKET CLUB, so Maitland may expect a challenge before long,—Knowing that Kilkerran can boast of so many " Dons " at the noble and manly game. THE TEA MEETING AND ENTERTAINMENT in connection with the Day Spring Rechabite Tent, Maitland, was celebrated on Wednesday last. Tea was on the table at four o'clock, but was not very largely attended, owing to the ' squally " weather. The good people who were present seem d to take advantage of the cold weather, and did not allow the ladies who were serving te stand idle, hut seemed to do ample justice to the good things provided. The public meeting commenced at seven, and the building was crammed to excess. Mr. W. H. Wilson was in the chair, and stated thev were expecting some of the District Officers to have been present, but the bad state of the weather had stopped tl em from coming. Then followed the chorus, by Mr. P. Howard and company, '' Where my hand my heart is," which was well received, and was succeeded by a recitation " The Gambler's Wife," bv \V. Symons. The song ; " Bell ma hone," was next rendered in grand style by Mr. H. R. Adams,—and " Bell ma hone's Reply" was next very sweetly sung by .Mrs. W. Lamshed. A song and chorus was the next item on the programme, " Hazel Dell," given by Mr. James Howard and Company The recitation, " Live for something," was next given by Mr. Rose, and this gentleman's graceful style and sweet voice were well applauded. The song and chorus, " Won't you buy my pretty Flowers," wasnext given by Mr. P. Howard and Company, and was greatly applauded. " l'he Devil's Ghost." by James Evan, was excellently recited. Then can.p. an address by Mr C. D. Lindo, on " .Moderation." It was called an address, but I should rather term it a reading, and we considered it altogether a dissapointment, as we were all expecting to hear an address Unfortunately lor us we only got a few scraps read fr im a book, which I think the majority d.d no approve of. \ reading was next given by Mr. Alfred Clarre', " The Reformed Dram Shop," exceedingly well read. Next foi wed a quarter, £; Evening Bells," the parts being taken as follows :— .Air. H. R. Adams, alto, Miss Adams, treble, Mr. J. Howard tenor, and Mr. P. Howard bass. It was greatly applauded, and was followed by a capital duet, " The Last Links Unbroken," by Mr. P. Howard and Miss Adams. A recitation was ne^ct ^iven by Mr. F. A. Braddock " Sky in the Copper." which was well given, creating roars of laughter. A song by Mr. P. Howard, He never smiled again," was given in his usual good style ; an 1 the Rev, Mr. Corvan next made a speech, which was followed by the song, " Love at Home,'' by .Miss Adams, beautifully given, and greatly applauded The entertainment was closed with prayer. GOYDER'S PLAINS near Port Wakefield June 20. I am glad to inform you that Port Wakefield and its surroundings are looking in the direction of improvement. The Port is fast recovering from its internal unsoundness, and hopes may now be entertained of greatly improved health commercially and social iy. The Port Mill (Late Fergusson and Reeves's) is again in going order, and judging from the altered appearance of the property, and from the respectable and practical bearing of the local branch of the firm of Manu il and Hilton we may safely hope for its permanent establishment for the mutual advantage of the firm aud the public We have a very neat and well-ventilated public school, conducted by a practical and energetic teacher, which cannot fail to be of very great utility to the youngsters. We have also a Local Board of Advice, all the members being resident in the township, and composed of the cr mr de. fa crrnw of Port Wakefield Society. It is greatly to be desired that the Compulsory Clauses of the Education Act should be brought into force in this locality at the earliest possible moment. Dr. John Rees, our recently appointed J P., has removed from us. There are persons, it is said who breath more fireely in his absence, although the impression he has made upon many minds will not soon be effaced. Our new doctor has made a very favourable impressiom, and it is to he hoped he will find a : home amongst the people There is but little doubt that care in practice, and reasonable ( charges, will be both appreciated and rewarded. The Port Wakefield Institute is now a realized fact, and is fairly floated with every requisite. It is in the hands of a strong Committee, who will be held responsible for any failure or want of efficiency for the public good. Respecting our recently-appointed J. Ps, (of whom there are three) some people express astonishment, and ask who recommend* ) the persons to be appointed. Certainly not the inhabitants. Some of the appointments that have been made, are a painful reflection upon the character and ability of the inhabitants. This must be felt very keenly by those who are excepted from those remarks, and I am pleased to say that we have a few who are worthy. This brings me to notice our Local Court business oflast week. Although there where matters requiring the wisdom of more experienced and legally-trained minds, our highly respected S.M. was absent from the Bench. I think it only right to speak the well- merited praises of Messrs Hardy and Verco, who constituted a very happy combination of honest and youthful intelligence with careful and patient investigation. Still it was felt and was die subject of remark from the Bench that the Stipendary Magistrate ought to have been present. The abundant rains have greatly cheered everybody, ;md hopes of a tolerably good harvest are now indulged in. [We apprehend that some sufficient reason can be assigned for the absence referred to. The gentleman named has always been distinguished for his conscientious attention to his duties.— ED.] CURRAMULKA, June 18th. Most of the farmers in (he Hundred will finish their seeding operations about the end of this week. We have had a really good downpour lately, filling dams and tanks ; nlso a rather considerable amount nf tc blow gentle breeze," but I have, not heard that any damage has been done Meetings have been held at Curramulka Well. It appears the well and well-tank are very much out of repair. The Government requires any person taking it to put it in gond repair. This will cost about £50 ; besides, the leasse would have to pay a considerable amount for the leasse as the reserve is high. Consequently no one has taken it, and this has caused great inconvenience. A memorial has be.-n sent in about it. As no township has been surveyed, a memorial has also been signed and forwarded to " the powers," praying that this may be done. Since this land has been taken up very great improvements have been made by the farmers who have changed the face of country, from a dreary scrubby sheep-walk to really fine farms, by incessant labor and expenditure. Afte r a lapse of over two years our pastoral government fias no township surveyed, neither have we a good road grubbed to our shipping-place, " Little Sheoak Flat ;'* and as a large quantity of fallow land has been sown a direct road will be greatly needed. By the by, I had almost forgotten that a dancing-school had been established at the Weil, presided over by a worthy " son of Y r ulcan." I am informed that about twenty young and howling swells of the Cockatoo fraternity are doing good exercise at times. The charge is very moderate viz., Is. entrance and 3d. a week after that till further orders. So if you, .Mr. Editor, should ever want to practise the light fantastic toe,' 1 and acquire bucolic grace and polish at a low rate, we can even oblige you in that line. PENANG. June 22, 1878. Since my last we have been visited with heavy and continuous rains, accompanied with gales of wind. There is now plenty of feed everywhere and the good effect of the rain is already visible in the improved condition of the stock. On Wednesday last a very enjoyable missionary meeting was held in the Bible Christain Chapel here The Rev. J. Rowe presided and able and interesting ad iresses were delivered by the Revs. Ashton and R. Kelly, the latter of whom gave an interesting account of his mis-ionary experiences in the Far North. Both the Rev. Gentlemen blso sang sol is which were ably rendered and greatly enhanced the enjoyment of the meeting. The attendance was moderate and the collections good Some of our farmers are going in for hardening ihis season and wc hope ere long to be able to provide you with some vegetables worth eatinjj. Some of our residents are agita'ing for the establishment of a School and as one is badly needed it is thejhoped that they wi'l soon achieve their purpose. 