— . \la yixg the foukdation stone of tinxivy an mart, mahoxg. (tiv or I'. OWN RKrOItTKR.) A Tory important ceremony took place yester day at Marong, viz., tho laying of the founda tipirstoue by the Bishop of Melbourne of a new •Anglifcan Church, to bo called Holy Trinity XJhurch. The croction of a suitable edifice ivherein the rcsidonta of tho district of the Pmteatnnt persuasion could assemble for tlio purpose ot conducting their ruligious services nivaoccri in contemplation about, five years, but ibSviug to tl)c lixity displayed iii the way of crih . tribntititis for the purpose-, nothing towards a Jstart \vas made with the building of tho church . ilntil quite recently. Plana and Hpeeifications for the work wore entrusted to Mr. AY. C. y.-ililand, of the Albion Chambers, for drawing, and so far everything in connection therewith :lia8 .progressed very favorably. Tho atyle of tilt biuldittg is to be pure Gothic, it will lie constructed 'of brick, and it will bo situatod hcarly^ -opposito to the Marolig Hotel, on art~'.allotment of ground presented for the ■purpose by Mr. Ilcnry Palmer. The length of- the church is to bo 25 feet, and its .width 36 feet. The chancel is to bo 11 by 13 fcetj ,iuul tho porch 6 by 8 foct. The walls are to bo l(j feet high-, and the whole height of the ehuroh will be 30 feet. The front gable will have a trefoil window, surm'ountcd by a cross; nod the chancel will have a three- light lancet window. The interior is to be plastered and finished throughout. The roof will be covercd , ^rith corrugated iron, and the windows will be glay.ed with cathedral glass, similar to the now windows recently placed in the We si cyan Chapel, at Sandhurst. The north-cast corner of the ground was selected as tho spot where the atone should be laid, and the latter was a line block of granite provided by Messrs. Finn, Quiu and Co., Sandhurst. The dimensions are 2 feet 6 inches by 1 foot G inches by 1 foot 3 inches. The erection of the edifice is to be proceeded with aa rapidly as possible, newly all tho neces sary material being on the ground. It is esti mated that its cost when quite completed and furnished will not be far short of £500. It is expected that the church will be erected and lit for service in about three months' time. It had not been intended when work was . commenced that any special cercmony should take placo at the laying of the foundation stone. It transpired, however, that the Bishop of Mel bourne would pass through Marong 011 a tour through his dioccsc of the country districts on or about the date when preliminary operations xvould just have been commenced, and the com .mittcc wisely decided to take advantage of his pretcnco in the district, and invited him to per form the interesting ceremony of laying the foundation of the proposed church. Ilia Lord • ship assented, and consequently yesterday pro ceeded direct from Kangaroo Hat, where he had held a religious service the prcvions even ing, to Marong. Owing to a misunderstanding having arisen as to the time at which the ccre raony should take place, his arrival was delayed till some time after the appointed hour, two o'clock. At tlio period of his driving up to the hotel, where a reception committee awaited him, Consisting of the Rev. Canon MacCullagh, the Rev. Horace F. Tucker, tho Rov. Joseph Carlisle, and Messrs. Palmer, Gould, and several other members of the church committee, there Was a very fair assemblage of the residents of the township and surrounding district, and to the credit of tho place it must certainly bo said that the fair sex mustered in unusual numbers tp lend a charm and grace to the auspicious event that was about to take place. The weather ■was delightful, and this fact caused the ladies to appear in their summer costumes, which was 'a very • pretty sight, contrasted with the greon ■ carpot that was spread on mother ' earth through the . late favorable'rains. A sumptuous dinner was provided at tho Marong Hotel by Mr. Henry Palmer, iiuhis usual excellent style, to which the bishop, ■ tho rev. gentlemen present, and a number of other persons interested in the proceedings -sat down to indulge in, preparatory to tho stone being laid. At the diuner Mr. Palmer' took -occasion, on behalf of the committee and the residonts, to express their thanks to His Lord ship for his kindness in visiting them to lay the foundation stone. The Bishop replied, express ing great pleasure at the kind manner in which lio had been received by all.the people belonging to his denomination, since hii arrival in the colony. He said he was happy to see that they Were willing to spend some of their wealth in tlie eauso of God, and stated that when wealth . was well applied it was a blessing to tho -recipient of it, as well as to' those with whom the donor was connected. He urged the necessity of a Sunday-schoolroom for tho re ligious instruction of their children. The Rev. Mr. Tucker mentioned in reply to his Lordship, ' that a. Sunday-school had been conducted by ' Mr. J. H. Geuld for some time past. About half-past three a procession was formed, headed by the architect and Mr. Palmer; following ■were the Rev. Horace J. Tucker, Rev. Joseph Carlisle, Canon J, C. MacCullagh, his Lordship 'tho Bishop, and Archdeacon Crawford. The ; rear was brought up by several young ladies, and members of committee. An awning had been erected close to the corner where the stone was to be laid, aud under this the bishop and clergymen, together with some member* of tho local and Sandhurst choirs, , took up positions, au harmonium having been provided. The stone was suspended in tho \- ordinary manner, and underneath was the \- cavity for tho bishop to place a bottle which contained tho three local and three Melbourne papers. The usual coins were omitted. Tho proceedings were commenced by the Rev. Mr. Tucker reading a sort of introductory prayer,. ' after "which the congregation assembled en gaged in prayer. After, the Si th Psalm ] was sung, and another prayer offered, the bishop advaneed to the stone, and ■.having been presented with a silver trowel by the architect oil behalf of the people, tho -stone was laid in the usual manner, the bishop, ' when the levels had been taken, pronouncing J -tho word?, "I lay this foundation stone of a church to bo called the Church of "the Holy i Trinity, at Maroug, in tho name of tho Father, &nd; Of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, Ameii." Beside* the nowspapers which »vere deposited :.in tho stono, were two inscriptions written by the secretary (Mr. J. H. Gould) as follows:— '•"History of the Church of the Holy"Trinity Marong. In A.I), 1S73, the inhabitants of Maron'g, being desirous of initiating the ordi nances Of the Church of England, met together for the"purpose. A free gift of a suitable'site for a." church was kindly made , by Henry Palmer, Estil,'of: Marong. In June, 1S73, the services o£ the church were commenced by the lie v. Joseph Catlislo, incumbent of Eaijlehawk, in the.first iustance in the Presbyterian Church, and afterwards in the Foresters' Hall, Marong, ■ until the middle of 1S77. That gentleman " resigning, the district was placed under the charge of tho Rev. Horac'o J. 'i'ueker, superin tendent clergyman to the district of the Cam paspe, and the services havo been continued by that gentleman and his assistants up to the pre sent time." ".The foundation stone of, this church, to be called Holy Trinity Church, was laid on this tenth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight (1S7S), by the Eight Rev. the Lord Bishop of this diocese of Melbourno, in tho -presence of the clergy of the district, tho Archdeacon of Oastlemaiue, the trustees and members of con gregation, James Moorhouse, Bishop of 'Mel ■ S011,™?' £ev- Canon" MacCullagh, -Rev. J. St mi-3 J- Tucker, Henry Palmer, WiJutftn Skepper, John Henry Gould," William 0. Yahland,- Thos. Smalhvood." . Ano ther hymn was sung and prayer indulged in, after which a collection was taken lip,, which amounted, to .I'M 13s, The. Bishop then de livered a short address. He said they had come there thai day for tlio very important work of laying the foundation of a church in conncetion with the Church of England in that,', place, 'ihey were English wen and English women, for they ciimii from soma part of that littlo island which was so dear to all true Britons, and they should never forget it. lie bolievcd tliq build ing of a church in Marong would remind them of those ancient memories associated..with.Eng land, ami', if. it. reminded them of their history, did it not remind them of their religion; for the English Church was founrod in the first instauco hy a successor of the apostles. Through the great Reformation she purged herself of those superstitions which sho once possessed; and did they believe that the fifteen centuries of her Christian life had been in vain, ITe congratu lated tlicm on the laying of th «foundation stona of n church where they could all bring their babes and dedicate them to tlio sorvico of God. It was tlio place where they mint go and oll'er devotion (o God, and the angels ascending with petitions of men to God would. descend witb blessings of God to men, and many might be brought t,o tlio service of God for the eternal salvation of thoir souls. . After tlio bishop had concluded his rddress the proceedings termi nated with prayer. : 