VARIETIE Tlie American Rochefoucauld says, it is true that unravelling the cord of man’s existence you, will generally find the entanglement begins just in the 20th year part, and that it turns out to be a true lover’s knot. , . - A young fellow who was recently committed to gaol in Portland, Maine, for an assault, Sent a pathetic appeal to the judge, in which he said :—“ I have onley ben ma- ric/1 to months, and I hante had My Honey, Moon yet, this is the first time I ever was in goal or errcsted. If you will Consider my case and let me of on a fine I will return to My Darling Wife.” The sternl decrees of justice were carried out., nevertheless. A negro in . Columbus (Georgia) dreamed that ho found five dollars at a certain pmce in the street. He went to the spot [next morning, found one dollar, and now Ihe accuses the ghost who told him to go there of stealing four dollars. Wednealay’s Maryborough Advertiser is respondble for the followiug ^ “Yesterday afternoon a Chinaman walked into a boot ship in High-street, with a pair of new hoots! under his arm, and asked the owner of (lie establishment to remove the nails that were sticking up through the soles. ‘ Hin welly bad, hurtem uie too mucliee,' said John, with a face that plainly showed he knew what the pain was. The rasp was accordingly put to work, and shortly afterwards the boots were handed back to John with the nails smoothed.. down. ‘ Thankee ’ you me thankee you, welly mucliee,’ said John, with a bland smile, as he received back the boots and left the shop. About an hour after, a young person engaged in the establishment enquired of the proprietor if a pair of boots had been sold from tbe outside of the shop, and being answered the negative, and no other person having disposed of the missing boots, it oon dawned on the minds of the individuals that the bland and childlike simplicity of the trusting Celestial had been too much for them, and that they had been asked to smooth away the obstacles which impede 1 Jolm’s progress in walking off with their boots, No doubt the countenance of that ‘ heathen Chinee,’as he left the shop, was worth studying.” Mr; Thomas Blackwood, of Springbank Stud Farm, near Morrisons, sends us ( Geilong A sms) tbe following particulars of a singular battle between three horses belonging to him. He says :—A fine colt got his leg broken on Monday morning last, and my eldest son and I went out in the paddock to see it, leaving my youngest son at home, where there were thiee entire horses standing in loosehoxes. One of them—Young Victor—the wellknown prizetaker, by some means got the bar of the door out and then burst the door open, and got into the paddoek, where there were five horses. lie made for one of the working horses, and nearly tore him to pieces. He tore the skin from his off shoulder nearly the full length of the shoulder, also from the back and head, and injured one of his eyes, and then threw him down. When another cart horse saw this, he ran up to Victor and fought with him, and drove him away, and stood over his mate and watched him. The two cart horses were broken in together, and have worked together for nine years, and are, apparently, very fond of each other. 