ftfSWS OF THE DAV, The Hon, W. Morgan and tha Hon, J. P. Barns, Postmaster-General ot New Sonth Wales, had an interview with the Chief Secretary this morning, at which it was arranged that the omeial meeting for settling the question oi future mail contracts and the duplication of the snbmarine cable will take place on Thursday next. Mr Seivwright, the solicitor for the woman Fitzgibbon, wbo is accused of stealing Mrs Potts' child, applied to Mr Justice Barry, in Chambers to-day, for a writ of habeas, calling on the Governor of the Mel- bourne Gaol to show cause by wbat authority he detained the wo man in custody. Mr Sievwright attemp ted to show that the warrant waB bad on the face ot it, but bis Honor ovorrnled all the objections taken, and declined to grant the writ, A report appears elsewhere. Mr Jnstice Moiesworth made an order on Friday last, in the Equity Court, "on farther directions," (hat the defendants in the suit of the Hand and Band Company v the National Bank shonld pay forth, with to the plaintiffs a sum of £GS15, found by the Master to be due on the taking of acoounts in bis office,' There are two appeals by the bank pending — one to the Privy Conncil, on the entire merite of the case; and tbe other to the Pall Oonrt, against tbe finding of the Master. Under these circumstances the bank s did not pay the snm directed by Mr JnBtice Moiesworth. TeBterday, application was made for it, but the bank declined to pay unless the plaintiff company gave seenrity that the sum wonld be refunded if the appeals .ponding, should be successful. The directors subsequently held a meeting, at whioh it was decided; that unless the amount were paid, execution ahonld be issued or an application made for the sequestration of the bank's estate. Matters were, however, settled for the present by an application which was made to.day to uio Bnnor Mr Justice Moiesworth, by Mr Webb, who asirea for leave to move, on Thursday, the 22ud instant, for an order to stay proceedings for enforcing pBy- ment of money or costs, under order en further directions, until security is given to refund if so ordered by the Privy Conncil. His Honor made the order asked ; proceedings in the meantime to be stayed, The bank has all along expressed its willing, ness to pay the amount demanded, pro. vided satisfactory security were given for refunding it, in the event of the appeal being in the Bank's fa7or. Our Sydney correspondent informs us of the failure of Mr G, A. Llayd, one of the most extensive fionr merchants in Sydney, The liabilities are likely to be very heavy. While on the subject, we ma; draw atten. tion to the fact that some time since, when we received a telegram from our Sydney correspondent to the effect that a large firm in the fionr trade was talked about, a Melbonrne morning contemporary, in a most insnlting manner declared, that there was no trnth in it, and even insinuated that the telegram was nothing bat a fabrication, The announcement now made i will show that onr information was correct. At tbe City Police Conrt to.day, Jargon Wolterwas charged with absconding from the colony and taking with him property within four months - of hiB insolvency, A report appears in another column. . The allowanoe to presidents of 8hire Conn oils was discussed at the meeting for the eleotion of president to the Bhire ot Co- bnrg this morning, prior to the eleotion, Cr Landalls who took the initiative in tho matter) pointed eat the that duties o( apresut dent of a shire were very great, and the expenses attendant upon carrying them ont properly very heavy, and moved that a snm of £25 be voted ae an allowance to the president for the ensuing twelve months. The Act allowed S per oent., but this he thought too mnoh for tho shire. Several councillors having exprossed themselves on the Bubjeot, the motion was ultimately carried. A young man named Walter Matthews, aged twenty, living in Bicbmond, was taken to the Alfred Hospital to-day, suffering from in juries to the band, received in his emu ploy ment at Davie's Gas Betort Works, Sonth Yarra. His hand was jammed in tho wiuds Ibbb, which tore off a middle finger at the socket, and otherwise mangled it, He is progressing favorably. Another of tho impostors bred by indis. criminate charity eame before tho Prahran Bench this morning, and was sentenced to three months. This fellow, named Harry, Bnd only about thirty years of ago, went begging ronnd College Lawn yesterday fore, noon, and collected some money, with whioh he got d'nnk. Then he started begging again, and abusing people wbo infused to give him anything. Constable Kennedy .lacked him and bronght him to justioe. At a meeting of the Biohmond Town Council, yesterday, a sum of £100 was voted as an allowanoe to the Mayor, Some members considered the amount insufficient, bnt finally it was agreed to appropriate the above amount as an expariment, After the settling of the Canifield races, a few friends and admirers of Mr P, T. H, Heywood, who rode Borer for the Hnrdle Bice, fpieBentcd him with a gold hunting stop watob, as a small tokon ot the reupon and esteem in whioh he is hold by them. After drinking his health in champagne, the meeting separated. The watoh was supplied by Mr Goldstein of Bonrkc street, The half-yearly meeting of tbe Victorian Woollen and Oloth Manufacturing Company was held last evening, when it was decided, after much opposition, to increase the com pany's capital by transferring large sums of mouey from the profit and loss account to tbe reserve fund, nud to iSBiio 1687 bonas shares to tbe shareholders. The voting was close, an aineadmaut, referring tbe report beck to tbe directors with a suggestion to recommend tbe payment uf a divideud at tbe rate ol 10 per cent., b3ing lost by one vote. A fiolicaomo ghost is reported to beamus' <Dg hm.oelf in the Doke mine (writas tho Mar;, borough Advertiser) by diotroying the workmen's clothes. The account is that ouc 'if tbe miiers being started by a mysterious knocking in a drive, turned round in that direction, when his coat by some unaccount. able qieacB became split - up the baok from top to bottom, Tho viccim is very confident ns to the supernatural origin of the occaru rence. The Bailarat Oonricr reports that a little girl named Bradley, living in Humffray street, died yesterday, her disease not being attributable to any known cause, It appears that she had been eating pilchards ; but thut fish- poisoning had caused her death is as yet only conjecture, . Some time since our Sydney correspondent mentioned.that thero were eome irregulari ties in conneolion' with a bonded store iu 8ydney. Wo nowread in aNew South Wales journal as follows:— "As the law oourts of this colony and Victoria havo held that a " bonded certificate is a negotiable document, it has given to bonded storekeepers who may be dishonestly disposed a splendid chanco to "raise mbboy 'with tbe least possible risk of punishment, It may place in B.'s bond a shipment of goods, and B. has only to issue a duplicate certificate, and there is ou the face of it a'documeut which any banker or mercantile man wonld consider himself safe to make an advance upon or purchase the goods therein described. But this is not all. B. has ths power to issne certifi cates for goods which have no existenco, and there is at present no means of preventing him, and no adequate supervision exorcised over hinriby the- Cnstoms authorities. All depends upin the honesty or 'otherwise of the storekeeper. A few years ago a case occurred in Melbonrno where the keeper of a bond raised money in this way, and it led to greater caution in dealing with bonded certificates, and it is high time that precautionary measures were taken here. There is a very easy safeguard if the Colonial Treasurer will think it worth while to adopt if, and that is, that ail such certifi cates be countersigned by the Customs of ficers in charge of the various warehouses. They have an opportunity of knowing whe ther tbe goods are actually in store, and also of destroying tbe certificate as soon as the goods leave the store, We shall pro. bably hear more of this matter ere long, and In such a way as will force it upon pub lic attention: When the mail left, an old Melbourne favorite, Miss Alioe May was appsariag at St, JameB's Theatre, London, in Lecocq's comic opera " The Little ;Duke," Miss May assumed tho part ot tbe Duke of Parthcnan, and her huBband Mr G, B, Allan offloiated as conductor, "Tbe Little Dake" had. been just previously played at the Philharmonic Hall, but "change of locality, so often reecommended as the means of reviving the flickering lamp of life," was then tried with it. On the occasion of its first presintation at St James's, on the 17th June, the audience was "more appreciative than numerous," The Boyal family of Siam is rather an extensive one, The present King has twenty.one brothers and twentyifive sisters. The list of liviDg members of the Boyai family of Siam has been published in the Siam Advertiser, and we learn from it that there were as many as seventy-one princes of Siam living at one time, and that the late King had thirty-five wives in his harem, and by them eighty-four children. The late second King of Siam had thirty- one wives and sixty-three children. Those women who bear children in tha royal harem receive some consideration from the King, bnt the others arc unnoticed. It is stated that is possible for Buddhist kings, like the Iucbb ot Peru, to have their sisters in-their harems. The present Kiug of Siam was the ninth child of his father. The Melbourne correspondent of the Bailarat Star writes Although X am not in a position at present to denote the exact locale of the diacovery of a new coalfield in Tasmania, yet I am informed that auch is about to be proved, and that to the full satialantinn ol thaca whn have SO long idonti. Bed themselves with the mineral and geo logical deposits of that island. As to who or what company will receive the long-pro mised reward of £5000 for the diacovery of coal in Tasmania it 1b impossible for me to offer an opinion, but the rate will be keen. A writer in a Sydney journal says Bada tapeism is said to flourish with bota nical luxuriance in that muchegovu verned cocoanuc country, Fiji. A few weeks ago a vessel employed in the island trade ran short of water, and the oaptain made for Tavinni, a Fijian port distant a day's fair sailing from Fiji, At Tavinni there was no Government officer who oonld authorize the captain to touch Fijian soil, or to receive anything on board the ship from tho shore. Thinking he was justified in landing in order, to' get water, he did. bo. Foolish man 1 Though there was no power to give him permission to land, there was power to pnnish him for landing, for the unhappy man waa forthwith arrested and fined £200 for a breach of the quarantine regulations I This is government with ' a vengeance, The unhappy sailor protested and appealed, and eventually had his fine reduced to £95, It is said that from first to last he was stung into using a great deal 'of unauthorised language over the affair; Here is another story : A Melbourne vessel recently anchored at Snva, having occasion to_ perform some nautical operation, Tho Bbip was temporarily lightened, and among other things pnt aBhore for the while was a heap of firewood, Down eame the Customs official on tho undressed timber, alias Bhip's firewood, and demanded dues amounting to eightpencel Tbo captain paid under pro test, aod then memviuUUgii ;uu ttutuoricies, The rcBult was that the eightpenoe was offered to him back again. Bat now his tnrn bnd come. With giim humor and rigid official orthodoxy he insisted that tbe eight- pence should perform the same extraordinary jenrnoy bnck to his pooket that it had per formed from his pocket to the Treasury — and so it did, The sailor wouldn't take baok bis elghtpenco nntil he had doubled the expenditure of red-tape. Last night, the treble bill at the Theatre Boyal drew a fair house. Id the first piece, Giidcroy, Mr Sterling Whyte, as Jock Mnir, made a great succeBB by legitimate comedy acMng, and was re warded at the end of the first aot by a loud and unanimous call. It is to bo re gretted that the pnblio do not see more of this genuine and talented actor. The second piece is a mere thread on whioh to hang the Duvallis. Our Parsons concluded tho evening. Mr O'Brien made np as the Bev B. Oher in a way that aimoBt amonnted to a photogra phic likenoss, and played well. Mr Appleton alwayk does play well. Messrs Grevillo and Taylor mnBt be good in the natnre of things, and Miss Navaro, Miss Oarrington, and Miss Watt looked pretty, and aoted perfectly ; - but with all that, the piece, though laughable, jars on the nerves, and, in fact, is too broad altogether for a refined audience, On Tbnrsday, the Duvallis take a benefit, and Henry 1Y, is announced for Saturday, with a new star, Mr John Jack, as Falstaffi, The rush to see Uncle Tom is in no way abating, but the management announce its withdrawal shortly for the produotion of the Octoroon (American version) by the Dra matic Company and Georgias combined. Mr J. Dunn has assumed the stage mannge- nreut. Kelly and Leon's Minatrela draw - large house at St. George's Hall last night, and their entertainment was well received. This talented troupe are as popnlar as ever. Tbe Academy was again filled by an enthusiastic crowd last evening, to witness tbo wild absurdities of Tottles, The de parture of Mr Hall will bs universally re gretted. ' At tbe Opera Honse the " last nights " of Barney tbe Baron and Little, dnow White' are announced. This bill has drawn good houses and will probably continue to do so for some time. Betsy Mnstard, a strong-minded champion ol Women's Bights in Edinburgh, lately, adopted what some call a foolish piaa, but which, under just law, shonld be practicable' and feasible, of being her own advocate, and saving the extortionate fees which Scotch lawyers extort from the poor and ignorant. Betsy's case was againBt the Boyal Bank, and not being represented by an advooate, the rase, of. course, was given against her; After an excellent speech of two hours' duration, she turned round to the arowded court, and pertinently asked the audience if they " had ever seen a greater swindle in all their born da;B." The annnal Hospital Ball, which will take place at tbe Town Hail to-morrow evening, will be the most snccesful that has yet been held. Encouraged by the resnlt of last year, tho executive committee have made special arrangements for the comfort of the gacBts, The decorations of the hall, which are nnder .he supervision of ono of the stewards, an artiste of high repute, will be most effective; it is gratifying to note that his Worship the Mayor has accorded the influence of his "position, and will take part in the arrange ment for the reception of his Exoellency the Governor and Lad; Bowen on their nrrival at the Hall. 