LONDON TOWN TALK. (F'roma the London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus.) TiiE;conditions of the will of a certain city millionaire published this week are a little rough upon two of our professions. He leaves his money to two young ladies, " but if either of them shall marry an officer in the army or a minister of the established church," the money is to go to a hospital, within whose doors I conclude sick clergy men and soldiers are not admitted. Perhaps the legatee was afraid of his heiresses marrying one of Lord Aylesford's clergy men, for I see that he is the patron of no less than seven livings, and has even pre sented to two of them their present spiritual pastors. We are told on high authority that "' whatever is is right ;" but this really does seem a little anomalous. I wonder what the Scotch synod, who condemned that little boating expedition on Loch Mareo upon a Sunday, will say to this, which I cull from a journal supposed to be particularly well-informed of the " move ments " of " the highest circles." " On Sunday, a dinner which may be called fault less, a table artistically arranged with light blue Sevros and masses of pink roses, and a gathering of recognised beauties, was honoured by the presence of the Prince of Wales at Baron Ferdinand do Rothschild's house in Piccadilly. In the evening M. Vivier, a French Corney Grain, gave some clever imitations and sang comic songs, varied with a few conjuring tricks that had the charm of novelty." It strikes me that this sort of social entortainment must be instituted to supply a void in the general intelligence. Conversation must surely be very poor where it is found in ferior to conjuring tricks, even though they are new ones. I am afraid the court is dull or is naturally given, like Bottom in the Midsummer Night's Dream, to the tongs and the bones. I have just met a man who dined last week with seventy-six bishops at the Pan Anglican synod at Lambeth. He had quite recovered himself, was cheerful, and told me a very pleasant story concerning one of them. Let us-eaU him the Bishop of L. He was an American, and not only just then absent from his own country, but always absent, so much so that on his visit to Ox ford the other day it was necessary to seqd some one in charge of him lest he should get into trouble. Even as it was lie did get into it, and had to be extricated by thevice chancellor. At his own hospitable board that venerable potentate ventured to rally his episcopal guest upon his extraordinary weakness. " Well," said the bishop, "I can't help it. My father was absent before me, and my mother likewise ; also my elder brother upon one very remarkable occasion. When he was but six months old he took a long railway journey with his parents. After they bad been about two hours in the train, my father suddenly observed to my mother, ' Julia, I don't see the baby.' My mother answered, 'nor do I, John; and now I come to think of it, I have not seen it since we started I ' My parents had to retrace their steps, and found the child upon the table of the ladies' waiting-room at the station from which they had started. There was no harm done; but when I read that inquiry in the scripture, "can a mother for get her sucking child?" I always say to myself, " yes she can ; my mother did it." It is not often that poetry is realised in this world; but a certain lay of Tom Moore's concerning a young gentleman who fell in love with his graudmothler had a very curious illustration in the divorce court last week. A lady did actually bestow her affections upon her step-grandson, and the husband has got quit of her in consequence. It is just possible (though it is not so stated) that there may not have boon any great disparity in years; but at all events here is not only Tom Moore but Byron's Parisina in the second generation. There is a famous story of an ancient lady of fourscore being intorrogatoed by a student of human nature, at what period women gave up their chances of getting married. " Indeed, sir," she replied, bridling up, " you must ask somebody older' than myself." The lady at the Hampshire assizes last week, who got £10 damages in a breach of promise case, must have been of the same mind, for she admitted to being seventy years old. The swain of this injured (though not betrayed) young thing was two years older. It has been stated of Bryant, who has left £100,000 behind him, that he was the richest poet in, America. The assertion might go a good deal farther, and proclaim him the richest poet that ever was; but as to his having "accumulated that property by journalism and poetry," I do not believe one word of it. If I did I should emi grate to the United States by the next steamer. It is common to hear the Yankees spoken of in connection with " sharp practice " and something worse, but there is probably in all Yankeeland no more infamously un principled calling than that of the turf ,in England. Trainers, jockeys, bookmakers, seem all tarred with the same brush, and common h6nesty appears to be almost un known amongst them. Au example of this took place at Malton last week, that would be ludicrous if it did not disclose an all round villainy that is simply shocking. A jockey sues his employer for wages for riding certain races-and losing them. Acting according to orders, he gives one horse a bucket of water just before starting; on the nostrils of another he daubs blood, that the people may think it has just burst an artery ; from another's shoes he pulls the nails on the very racecourse. Three out of five of his races in fact he acknowledges to have lost or won by foul-play. The climax of the case from a humorous point of view is that the employer declines to pay on the ground that the jockey was a gentleman rider I MR. Louis KILKENNY, a gentleman who only claims for himself the champion bil liard player of Yorkshire, but who certainly ranks amongst those who take a higher title, gave an exhibition of scientific play at Craig's hotel last evening, which has never been excelled here. In making comparisons between Mr. Roberts, the greatest billiard ist of the age, and Mr. Kilkenny, it may be stated that whilst the former gentleman was distinguished for the brilliancy of his play, Mr. Kilkenny displays a greater degree of graceful execution and an easy quiet style which must commend itself to lovers of the game as instructive as well as entertaining. Mr. Kilkenny's antagonist last evening was Mr. Chalmers, the game being 1009 up; Mr. Chalmers receiving 400 points. It was apparent however that the latter gentleman was not in his best form, and had no show with the champion. Mr. Kilkenny made his first display by a break of 48, consisting of 10 spot strokes, at which he appears quite as good as Roberts. This was followed up by another break of 58, including another 16 spot strokes, but the feature of the even ing was his breakof 105, got by magnificent all-round play, and at its conclusion Mr. Kilkenny was rewarded with loud applause. The principal breaks of the evening were 48, 53, 48 (mostly canons), 49, 85, 40, 105, 61, for the champion, who passed Mr. Chal mers at 646, and scored out while the game stood 1000-752. There was a fair attend ance, notwithstanding the short notice given, and the undivided opinion was that the play of Mr. Kilkenny was a splendid exhibition of legitimate billiards. This evening he will have for an opponent Mr. A. Swift, who will receive 250 out of 750, and afterwards the two will play seven games of pyramids, Mr. Swift having a handicap of two balls in each game. As the latter gentleman beat Roberts at this game on the same conditions, the contest will be interesting and iinduce a good attendance of the public.-Ballarat Courier. HORRIBLE MURDERS IN WALES.-A whole family has been murdered in Wales in a way which, as the Spectator remarks, re calls De Quincey's account of the murders in Ratcliffe highway years ago, ascribed to the mere thirst for slaughter. At Llangibby, near Newport, Monmouthshire, a lad went to call a farm laborer named Watkins to his work, when lie saw the bodies of the man and his wife lying on the garden-path, the throats of both being out. Shortly after a labourer passing by saw smoke issuing from the cottage and made his way in with a companion. Upstairs they found the dead bodies of three children-ono lying with her liead between a box aud the bed stead, another under the bed, lying on its fi5ce, and the third in an inner room. The children were all young-eight, five, and four years of age. The wounds on the children were more severe than those of the parents, and it would seem as if the father had been first attacked and stunned with a blunt instrument, his throat being after-. wards cut, and that his wife had been killed lower part of the house the murderer evi dently went upstairs for plunder, and, find ing the children, despatched them, setting the house on fire before making his escape. Suspicion soon fell on a Spanish sailor named Joseph Garcia, who had been re leased from the Usk county gaol only the day before, and later on had been seen near Llangibby. The driver of the mail cart from Abergavenny to Newport recollected having overtaken such a'person, and when he learnt that a murder had been committed he communicated with the police. Garcia came into Newport the same day and took some water at a drinking- fountain close by the police-station. After being questioned by a constable he was apprehended. Blood was found on his hands, which were also scratched, and the stain of half-washed-out blood was to be seen on the wrists of his shirt. In a bundle that he carried were women's clothes and other articles, and on his feet a pair of boots the property of the murdered man Watkins. Garcia has since been taken before the magistrates and com mitted for trial on the charge of murder. CANNIBALISM IN TIIE EASTERN ARCHIPELAGO. -Of the habits and cannibalistic propensi ties of the inhabitants of the Battak country the Sumatra Courant gives the following ac count : - " The Battaks are a peculiar people. They have a literature and poetry of their own. They have laws dating from hoary antiquity, and from respect for them they are cannibals. By virtue of ancestral institutions they are eaten alive-1st, all who do not keep marriage sacred, and who break their marriage vows; 2nd, every one who commits theft by night; 3rd, prisoners of war; 4th, every one who takes a wife from the same tribe, which is strictly for bidden; and, 5th, every one who treacher ously attacks a village, a house, or anyone. Whoever is charged with any one of these five crimes is brought before a -court of justice, and is condemned to death if found guilty by the latter. When sentence has been passed the judges drink, to show that revocation can no longer take place. After a few days the people assemble, the convict is brought out, and is bound with out stretched arms to a kind of gallows. The injuredperson then steps forward and makes a choice for the first mouthful, usually the ears. Thereupon others follow according to their rank, and cut off themselves from the living body the pieces they consider the most tasty. After every one has taken his share, the president of the assembly steps forward to the victim, cuts off his head, takes it home, and hangs it up before his house. This president, or otherwise the in *jured person, has a claim to the brains, to which miraculous powers are ascribed by the Battaks, and which they carefully pre serve in a bottle. The entrails are never eaten; but the heart, the inner portion of the hands, and the soles of the feet pass for choice delicacies. The flesh of the victims they consume either raw or roasted, but always at the place of execution, for which reason those present always have with them limes and pepper to make the flesh more tasty. Sometimes rice serves as accompani ment. These meals are feasts, at which however palm- wine or any other spirituous liquor is never drunk. The blood is caught in bamboo tubes to be drunk afterwards. At the execution only men may be present, the women being wholly denied the privil ege of eating human flesh. They never theless succeed sometimes in secretly ob taining that choice article of food. For merly the Battaks ate also their parents. When the old people became weak and weary of life they calmly went to a tree and hung up by the hands from a branch, while their children and neighbours danced around them, singing, " when the fruit is ripe it will fall." As soon as the tired old person felt he had no longer strength to hold on to the branch he let it go and fell to the ground. Immediately all those pre- I sent fell upon him, cut him to pieces, and consumed his flesh with intense pleasure. 1 The taste for human flesh has not departed I from the Battaks, for lately fourteen Achi nese and two persons from Singkel were heartily eaten alive by them in the manner described above-a fact which the govern ment must be aware of." NEW WORK ON THE AUSTRALIAN ABoRI oINEs.-Mr. R. Brough Smith's recently I published work on the Aborigines of Aus- ] tralia furnishes the following legend of a defuge :-" A long time ago, when father 1 belonging to you and me been alive, there was a very great flood; all the country was i under water, and all the blackfellows were t drowned except a man and two or three l women, who took refuge in a mud island I near Port Albert. The water was all round l them. The pelican, sailing about in his t bark canoe, saw these poor people, and I went round to help them. One of the women was so beautiful that he fell in love f with her. When she wanted to get into the i canoe he said, ' not now-next time;' so s that, ferrying the others one by one to the c mainland, she was left to the last. She be- I came frightened, and being a cunning 1 woman she wrapped a log of wood up in 1 her possum-rug, and laid it by the fire to x look like her. When the pelican came d back he said, ' coine on now.' Receiving c no reply he became angry, and going to the z supposed woman lying by the fire, he gave t her a kick, when he at once found out the a trick that had been played upon him. Then r he was very angry, and begn to paint him- f self white to look out and fight with the a blackfellows. When he was half painted r another pelican came by, and not knowing c what such a queer black-and-white thing was, struck the first pelican with his beak a and killed him. Before that pelicans were d all black; but now they are black and ' white, and that is the reason." Like ( the Anglo- Australian, the aboriginalt child is precocious, and begins tolook about a for food almost as soon as the young of the kangaroo. As a rule, children are kindly c treated, and their parents do not resort to auny contrivances for distorting them. t " Young Umothers kill the first-born child r UUUMuou Au 10 watsuaIy, jp/lllitti UutuuA U iU 10 U deformed." As to the puuishment which a p native inflicts upon his wife, Mr. Smith p observes, with a touch of sarcasm, " it is, t not so degrading perhaps, but nearly as d severe as that inflicted by the lower class I of whites when their wives displease them. I Instead of the hob-nailed shoe, the Austra- t lian uses a weapon of war-a waddy." f In the matter of marriage, exogamy is % universal. " A tribe is in fact but an en largement of a family-circle, and none i within it can intermarry. A man must get I a \vife from a neighbouring tribe, either by o consent, or by barter, or by theft. When a f native is about to die, he is removed to a spot at some little distance from his miam; i and after death the corpse is so moved and r carried as to prevent the contact of the i living with the dead, so that instinct seems I to suggest the same precautions as would r be imposed by sanitary suienoe. Like most 1 a savage tribes, the Australians are firm be e lievers in spiritism, and they imagine that e the ghosts of the dead linger about the places to which they were attached in life. The abode of these disembodied entities is , supposed to be in regions either towards the . setting sun, or in the east where he rises; which seems to indicate a sort of vague consciousness that that. luminary is the source of vitalising power. p THE SHAH OF PERSIA AT THE PARIs Ex 1 ,ImITIoN.-The S. M. Herald's Paris cor k respondent writes :-We have so constant I an influx of members of reigning houses, I and of the principal families of Europe, that ,the departure of the Shah is already for gotten. His Persian Majesty however was a large and liberal purchaser, and a good many '" nests " here have done a pretty good piece of work in the way of " feathering " while he sojourned in this country. While he was at Fontainebleau, the innkeeper, at whose house he lodged with a few attend ants, ran up one of the most preposterous bills ever perpetrated in the innkeeping line, as may be judged from the following items, the stay of the King of Kings by the way being only of a couple of days : Flowers, £60 ; 20 fowls, £16 ; 1 cigar, 4/6 ; 4 rooms, £8 ; 2 boxes of cigarettes, £2; 12 peaches, £4 16/; 1 melon, £2 8/; 3 car riages, £32, &c.;, kc. The bill for the two days amounted to something over £560. The Shah considered this piece of fleecing as being overdone, and his secretary was charged to remonstrate with the innkeeper, and to demand reductions. After a good deal of negotiating, the monstrous charge was cut down to £360, or £180 per day; but beyond this reduction it was found im possible to bring the innkeeper to consent, and this unparalleled piece of extortion was accordingly submitted to by the ruler of Persia, who will hardly be disposed to re visit Fontainebleau, should he come back to Paris, as he expressed his intention of doing, 1 "in five years from this time." While in Paris the Shah received 5400 letters, mostly from people living here, and all asking for sums of money, varying in amount from the 1 moderate request for £2 to the more impos- 1 ing one for a loan of two or three millions of francs. These demands were made mostly by inventors wanting help for carry ing out inventions or undertakings. The sums asked for made up a total of fifty millions of francs, or two millions sterling I THE NATIVE OUTBREAK AT NEW CALE DONIA.-Sydney, Thursday.-H.M.S. Wol verine arrived to-day from Noumea with I dates to the 4th instant. On the 24th Kanaks to the number of about five hundred made an attack upon the military post at the Foa, which is defended by thirty-five soldiers, under the command of Captain Lafont. With much intelligence the natives adopted the tactics of Europeans in making a sham attack on one side in order to draw attention from the other, against which they came in great numbers. Their ruse did not succeed, and they were speedily beaten off, leaving between thirty to forty dead and wounded, whilst all the harm done by them resulted in a few slight wounds from sling - stones hurled against their opponents. The troops behaved very well. Another engagement is said to have taken place some miles distant from the Foa, which resulted in the blacks leaving ten dead on the field, with no casualty to the whites. A few shots were fired by the t natives when fighting against the post at Foa. Under date September 2, the Herald's correspondent writes:- "News has just been telegraphed, and published by the government in the form of placards posted d in the town, to the effect that the natives of the Canala tribes, led by Monsieur Lervau, i attacked the rebels under Attai, on the Foa river, near the scene of Colonel Gally- t Passbose's death, and completely defeated t them, killing Attai, his son, eleven of his t men, and taking fifty-six prisoners in men, d women, and children. The attacking i forces consisted of three hundred of Servia's t natives and a small number of soldiers and t sailors, from fifty to sixty, divided into three a columns. It was planned to surround the a hill upon which the natives were known to L be camped; and early morn was the time, r whilst a heavy mist shrouded the move ments of the attacking party. On the same day, at Moindon, fifteen miles distant, the chief, Baptiste, was surprised by a detach- a ment of thirty soldiers, headed by Lieu tenant Maredhal. Baptiste, his daughter, and one of his men were killed, and the p rest completely routed. They had come for the purpose of destroying the telegraph, I and were warmly welcomed. This is the fi most gratifying news since the outbreak r commenced, and is looked upon as the be. fi ginning of the end. On all sides the rebels are now losing ground. On the 26th, two days after the attack upon the Foa post, a few volunteers, under the lead of Monsieur n Gallet, government surveyor, searched through the bush, and eventually fell upon a band of blacks, feorn of whom they killed with the bayonet, thus preventing their a comrades from carrying off the bodies. Five p others were seriously wounded. All con tinues quiet in the country districts. The rebels have made no show since their drubbing." On the 80th August a well pronounced shock of an earthquake took ti place, and was sufficiently strong to rattle the crockery on the different shelves. The a direotion was from north to south. Several r people describe it as having more an up- t, heaving than any other motion, creating in them a sickly sensation. The last shock felt occurred about three months since, and l, was similar to the one now recorded. b Presuming the report of a brutal assault I upon a wife by a man residing at Ballarat a be correctly given, one is almost staggered e at the conclusion the bench came to at the ii flagrancy of the offence, judging from the r punishment inflicted. It appears that a man came home in a state of intoxication, and finding his hous-edoor locked, which it well might be, seeing that he was in the habit of deserting his home for a fortnight at a time, he thrust it open, seized his wife by the throat, and there held her until the blood oozed from her mouth and ears. She fell insensible, and the first thing she heard i on recovering was the voice of her child ask. ing, " is mamma dead ?" to which her ruffianly father replied, "no; I won't get the gallows this time." The woman ulti mately recovered sufficiently to give infor mation to the police; and upon going to the house, they found corroborative evidence both of the assault and the degraded state of the husband. As a sort of climax to this horrible case of brutality, no less than six cases of wife-beating were proved against the man since 1872, or something like one a year. The opinion of the magistrates was that justice would be met by binding the brute over to keep the peace for twelve months, in very light bail. This means dismissing the assault, it is to be presumed, as it does not appear that- he was either fined or imprisoned. About five-and-twenty lashes -and six months' hard labour is about the punishment he ought to have received. In view of the very light way brutal assaults are let down even by own benches ahd magistrates, it is a matter of satisfaction to feel that such a case would never have been dealt with in this lenient manner by any of them. A more scandalous miscarriage of justice than this could hardly be met with. A curious encounter has recently oc curred at East St. Louis, U.S., between two rival police forces. The metropolitan police, it appears, under the state law, recently captured the head-quarters of the city police, and boldly refused to surrender the place or evacuate the position on the summons of the mayor himself to do so. The civic functionary thereupon brought up a force of city marshals, and "sat down" before the place, the garrison of which it was now discovered consisted of five alien bobbies, who were forthwith attacked; but the latter still refused to surrender, and barring the door made a brilliant defence, during which one of the five was wounded; and on the side of the assailants the casualties were two killed and one wounded. Reinforcements having been summoned by sound of alarm-bell, the stronghold was ultimately captured. So much is said against the use of alcoho lic drinks in any shape and in any quantities (says the Pall Mall Gazette), that it is only fair occasionally to remind the advocates of total abstinence that there are two sides to the question, and that, although alcohol taken in excess produces crime, disease, and death, yet on the other hand it remains to be proved that when taken in moderation it does not promote geniality and good health; and whether, moreover, it does not act as a preventive against many disorders. Dr. W. Farr, in a letter on the causes of death in England and Wales, printed with the registrar-general's report just issued, says that alcohol has undoubtedly a medi cinal effect in many maladies ; it stimulates the fainting heart after shocks of every kind. Port-wine is a potent remedy in fevers; in stead of raising it reduces the burning heat of the blood and calms the delirium of the brain. Alcohol appears to arrest the action of zymotic disea3es, as it prevents weak wines from fermenting. Like camphor, al cohol preserves animal matter; this is not now disputed. But may it not do more ? May it not prevent the invasion of some kinds of zymotic diseases ? Dr. Farr in vites the attention of those who have pour trayed the bad effects of alcohol to consider whether it does not prevent the action of various infections on the temperate. The neglect of this side of the question throws a doubt on many of their inferences. The deaths ascribed to zymotic disease in 1870 were 96,660; to alcoholism, 1120. Now it is evident that any effect depressing the pre valence of zymotic diseases that kill their tens of thousands will save the lives of thousands ; the same sanitary improvements that diminish the prevalence of disease un doubtedly diminish intemperance and fever ish thirst. The primary step to put a stop to deaths from alcoholism will, as Dr. Farr truly observes, be to secure pure air and ample supplies of pure water in every town and every house; for bad air disorders the head, and water as well as wine and ale is required for drink by men as well as by women and children. " Where's your master, Pompey ? " said an angry creditor, the other day, to a black servant of an intemperate debtor.-" Up stairs, sar." -" Getting drunk, I sup pose ? "-" No, sar; he is getting sober." The Porte, it is said, is about to grant an English company a concession for a railway from Mersina through Diarbekir to Erze reum. The line would be constructed both for strategical and commercial purposes. ORPHANAGE AND INDUSTRAL BScrOOL.-A meeting of Catholics was held on Sunday last immediately after eleven o'clock mass in the boys' schoolroom, Bourke-street, Ooulburn, to take steps necessary to make a general subscription in aid of establishing an orphanage and an industrial school in this city. There was a very good attendance, and Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, occupied the chair. The Bishop opened the meeting by explaining what was proposed to be done with the building known as Hayes's liill, to convert it into t ao separate estab lishments, one of which would be an orphanage and tile other a school of industry. The mill had been nurehased for £700 and to mnake the r.ouisito alterations in it to render it fit for the two institu tions would bring the whole cost up to about £2000. It was intended to lower the ground-floor two feet, the elevation of the base of the building amply allowing for this to be done. The first floor would remain untouched; but the floors above would have to be raised, and an additional seven feet of brick work would be added to the walls, giving the building an extra story and making it a fine and imposing structure. As the building is ninety feet long by forty-five feet wide, accommodation would be secured, by the plans intended to be acted upon, for fully fifty boarders in the school of industry and for fifty orphans in the orphanage. The two institutions would be distinct and separate from each other, the alterations to be made in the build ing affording large and well- ventilatel reception rooms, dormitories, refectories, and class-rooms, &c.;, for both the bonrd3rs and the orphans.-After some little discussion about the site, in which Mr. Charles Gillespie, Alderman Me Govern, and Alder man O'Brien took part, Mr. Ormerod was appointed secretary, and a subscription- list was opened. when £3i13 including the Bishop's £200 was subscribed in the room. A collection will be made at the cathedral on Sunday next for the two institutions. iouthern Argus, 