PROMINENT P0BTRAIT8. IN their rain efforts to injure the Church, her enemies are leaving no means untried. The ingenuity they are exercising, with that object in view, is really marvellous, and if employed for any good purpose possible of accomplishment could hardly fail of success. Their devices are innumerable and various, ranging from the powerful effort made by the State to the paltry attempt of the individual. Midway between these extremes there is the Protestant and the infidel press conspiring to weaken the hold Catholicity has on its subjects or to poison their faith. Journals in the one interest and the other are never at rest in the war they are waging against the faith of Christ. Their weapons are never sheathed, and are in the hands of men utterly unscrupulous in using them. Not a mail arrives that we do not find in the news it brings evidence of their foul work. The Suez mail brought us, amongst others of their kind, the two following paragraphs :— A commission of cardinals, appointed to investigate the Peter's Pence Fund, report that large sums have disappeared, leaving no trace. The administration is in the utmost confusion, and there is no means of knowing how much has been received or how much Bpent, for many years past. His Holiness has provided a remedy for all this in future. A congregation of cardinals having declared there is much in Father Curci's book •worthy of consideration, the Pope has desired to see him. With regard to the second of these paragraphs, we shall only say that it is very unlikely indeed that there is any truth in it, "and that it is still more unlikely that, even if there were, the fact stated would have become known outside the Vatican. However, as the matter, though exposing a bitter feeling against the Church, does not deserve much consideration, we shall not dwell on it. The object of the first paragraph is very evident. The Catholic Review, referring to it, says :—" Doubting the source of the rumour that the late Pope left a large sum to his successor we did not publish it at the time. We are not surprised, to see that the Oeservatore Romano, an official journal, warns the Catholic press and the Catholic people against the numberless canards of this character which are daily put in circulation by those who wish to dampen the enthusiasm of the Catholic people and to dry up the marvellous sources of the Peter's Pence, 'which was one of the prodigies of the late Pontificate.' The fact is, that without a generouB continuance of the contributions of the faithful, the Holy See would soon be greatly embarrassed, and compelled to abandon many of its most important labours. That this cannot ba is as certain as that it will not be. permitted by the generous faithful." As most atories of the character of those to which we refer are started by the Roman correspondent of the Times, 'Our readers will take an interest in the following sketches of his character. Portrait No. 1, as follows, is from the Catholic Review :— The advantages attending the system of anonymous journalism are great, but they are often abused. For instance, to read in our daily papers that "the Home corres pondent of the London rimes" says so andso is to vbe predisposed to bBlieve the statement •which follows, for it is only natural to suppose that the leading journal of Europe would take care that its correspondent at the capital of Christendom should be not only an intelligent but a truthful gentleman. But if it were universally known that " the Rome correspondent of the London Times" was the notorious villain, Antonio Gallenga, who fooled Mazzini into accepting him as a disciple of the revolution, who concocted a conspiracy for the .assassination of Charles Albert, King of Sardinia and father of Victor Emmanuel, olaiming for himself the honour of striking the dagger into the breast of his sovereign, and who .then sold out his fellow dupes, took his reward, and went to London, where.he enlisted in the service of the Times, the credence • attached to .any statement he might make would .be very. amnTl The Grraphic, a London pictorial and Protestant paper, furnishes portrait r No. 2:- The present Home correspondent ofthe London Timtt Is -that estimable gentleman, Mr. Gellenga, who hegan his career as : a disoiple of Mazzini, and engaged in a oon-' Bpiracy for "the 'assassination of Charles Albert, then King of Sardinia and -father of Viator Emi^iaiii 'j&sibnH; ymj&rm.; Jojf' 1& treaobeiy anil wtot to. I^ttSn with afspecial Jitter o: ie»..' The ahility r'a'journalistcannot he quesr r ~'eni^Bmsto take delight in •femtoloVers and in foaling ''' ^.iijtfSS*' r'.is a * to addresses, etc., " avoids all mention of the Virgin, with the purpose of discountenancing Mariolatry, which his predecessor so long encouraged !" Yes—and the Pope also avoids ail mention of the Holy Ghost, with the purpose of discountenancing belief in the dogma of the Trinity; he does not make any mention of hell, and therefore he is a Universalist. Mr. G-allenga has rather overshot his mark this time in his anxiety to show that the new Pope is at all different from the old Pope. IF the sense of logic and BOHEMIA consistency possessed by AND the majority of the' VICTORIA. "Fathers" who sat in the , recent "Presbyterian Geneal Council" be no wider or keener than that of which one of the aforesaid " Fathers"—the Rev. A. J. Campbell, of Geelonjg—gives evidence, it can hardly be hoped that the deliberations of the " Council" will be attended with great and lasting benefits to mankind in general. Cardinal Cullen said on one occasion that, on reading over an account of the proceedings of a Protestant Society in Dublin for the conversion, of the Jews, he was astonished to find that the speakers appeared to be more anxious about the Roman Catholics than the Hebrews ! In the same way the Rev. A. J. Campbell and the "Presbyterian General Council" seemed to be more grieved in their minds and souls concerning the lamentable religious desolation and cruel persecution of a handful of followers of John Knox, in such an out-of-the-way place as Bohemia, than they are concerning the thousands and millions of Presbyterians in Glasgow and Edinburgh, where illegitimacy is so deplorably widespread, and drunkenness prevails to an extent that is startling. But it is the Roman Catholics who are the stumbling- block ; it is they who are the real objects of solicitude on the part of Mr. Campbell and the "Council." It is apparently a matter of lesser importance how it fares with the Presbyterian sinnerB of Edinburgh while the Roman Catholics of Prague are unconverted. But of the Rev. A. J. Campbell's logic and consistency, where Roman Catholics are in question, we will for the moment, and merely for the sake of exhibiting Mr. Campbell's sense of justice and consistency, suppose that everything he has alleged about the persecution of Presbyterians in Bohemia by the Roman Catholic authorities is accurate. Now, he complains that the Protestant children who attend the State schools of Catholic Bohemia are flogged if they do not conform to the discipline of the school regarding Catholic worship. But is not the same principle carried out in the State schools of Protestant Victoria, of which Mr. Campbell is so sound a supporter ? The child who would dare to speak of God or religion in one of those establishments would be liable to as sound a flogging as any Bohemian schoolmaster ever administered. The tenets of the SECULAR RELIGION are quite as obnoxious to the Catholic parent as the horrors of Popery are to the Presbyterian mind. Mr. Campbell considers it crying injustice that the small but united band of Presbyterians in Bohemia should be, compelled to maintain their own schools if they do not choose to send their children to the State schools. But he forgets or ignores the startling fact that this is how the Catholics of Victoria (who are not a handful, but a fifth of the population) are treated by the Government. Mr. Campbell complains that the Bohemian Presbyterians should, in addition to supporting their own schools, be compelled to pay taxes for the maintenance of the Government establishments. But tins is the very thing that is done to the Catholics of this colony. Finally, Mr. Campbell says, with bitterness, that the awful persecution of the Presbyterian family in Bohemia, by Roman Catholic Austria, is sought to be justified on the ground that the, "majority" ought to rule, and the' minority submit. Goodness gracious! Sure this is the very foundation and corner-stone of SECULARISM in Victoria I But discontented and troublesome citizens in Victoria become martyrs and confessors in'Bohemia.. In one country the persecuted are Presbyterians, in the other they .are Roman Catholics, and that makes an enormousdifference. This, we snspect, is how the Rev. A. J. .Campbell justifies and reconciles what seems, at the first blush, to a vaBt deal of people angular incOn&tebcy.; , ' v - WB are toldffhat, before HERO Agamemnon, valiant • men j WOBSHIP. flourished; . - who'' passed \ • ' ' awAyi;/ " ^w®!*!'* nnlion- •oured,;.^ ^want of a .sacred bard; tmd unless Homer Tiad direful consequences. Before the inven- - tion of the printing press, great men flourished, whose deeds have illuminated the pages of history. Atthe present day the "Anabasis of Xenophon" and the "Commentaries of Caesar" are read with eager interest in schools and colleges throughout the civilised world. A work of this sort composed by the Major, and edited by Professor Pearson, would serve as a useful Teading book in the State schools, and might even be adopted as a text book in the " free" University. In that event a monument more durable than brass,would be wrought to perpetuate his greatness. From a leading article in the Ballarat Courier, replying to the allegation of Mr. Francis that a compact had been made between the Ministry and the Roman Catholic authorities to interfere with the leading principles of the Education Act, we quote as follows :— " As a matter of fact, to do anything of the kind would be nothing more or less than immediate suicide, and is rendered quite unnecessary to secure political support, because the Roman Catholic laity is rapidly becoming convinced of the value of the anti-denominational system of education now in force amongst us, and will soon be aB stoutly opposed to any interference with its principles aB the most dogmatic Protestant in the colony." Recently we showed .from the Ballarat Star the paucity of attendance of Catholic children at State schools in the vicinity of "the Roman Catholic laity amongst us," and the failure of those costly buildings to answer the ends of their skillful designers. The Major said that he would look after that. In the immense disproportion between his talk and his work, his promises and his performances, that loquacious and ver satile politician is a type of those personages who are always going to do something wonderful. Recently he claimed for himself rare skill in taking the measure of the intellectual capacity of men ; and when he is silent about himself he can safely leave to the Ballarat Courier the work of magnifying his immeasurable greatness for the admiration of its numerous readers. THE culture GERMANY, entered on a new phase, and the turn it has taken is indicated in the letter of the Berlin correspondent of the Argus, over whose spirit in regard to it has come a great change. For our justification in saying so we can only refer to the latter part of his last letter, as we cannot make room for it, our space being taken up with matter of even more interest to our readers, very many of whom are not Germans. For a time he wrote in a culumniating strain, favouring the State, condemning the Church ; now his tone is changed; he regards the differences between the two powers, as of a trivial character, and a reconciliation as possible without serious sacrifice on either side. And, no doubt, the Collins-street oracle would approve of a compromise—one that would save the dignity of the State, and entrap the Church. But even if there were no immutable principles and fixed canons to guide the Vatican, there are some long heads there to deceive, whom Bismarck should have even longer one than" that of which he is the famous proprietor. But what has caused this change in the views of the leaders of the culture war ? The Girondists of 1789 gave place to the Jacobins of 1792. In Germany the Social ists are supplanting the Liberals; and the moderate leaders of the culture war, the Prince Chancellor himself and the throne itself, are alarmed. The " Modern Attila," in whom some recognise another Nebuchadnezzar, finds that the Catholics will not bow down and adore the State, preferring to such idolatry even the fire of persecution itself, and he is further troubled by some serious differences that exist between himself and the Liberals on questions of administration. They, aroused to dread of Socialism, which, according to the Berlin correspondent of the Times, is rampant in Prussia, are anxiously clearing the way for " a compromise" with Rome, and the Chancellor cannot endure that humiliation should be brought upon him thrdughabold adoption of that policy.' He dreads the red flag as much as they do, but he would put his reliance on the army, whilst they consider that the safer course js to conciliate the CathoUps,ai ~ employ ~ their Conservative inllueni against the Radicalism so much to lie dreaded. How these complications will be settled it would-beiard to say j but WB shall have the' gl&BwA; giving, On an early date,'a*e^6rt from the Times'ol Socialist's readers! willrt danger whiohj iswhatT" tion' Of ^ for L 'faom-' which SJUT m "alarming is iha the einpir^1, and for WHEN the Ministry THE were engaged in pro- TJNEMTLOYED. ceedings tending to the subversion of the Constitution, and were adopting extreme measures to accomplish an end which might be gained by legal and constitutional means, we warned the readers of the Advocate that the consequences would be injurious to the colony, and more especially to the working classes. We stated that capital would be deterred from investment here, and would leave the colony, that trade would languish and employment become scarce. And all this, unfortunately, has happened for we are now beginning to feel the full effects of the shock Victorian interests sustained on " Black "Wednesday." On Monday a meeting of the un. employed was held on Petty's vacant allotment in Collins-street, and it is no exaggeration to say that it was attended by nearly 2000 representatives of that class. The assemblage was composed of respectable tradesmen and Labourers, and no one without grossly misrepresenting the object these people had in view could say that they were influenced by a political motive. The men who got up the meeting deprecated the introduction of politics, but one or two others who spoke after them had, seemingly, been put up to turn from the Ministry the blame which attaches to them in relation to the very hard times through which the working classes are now struggling. In reply to a deputation from the meeting, the Chief Secretary expressed surprise at hearing that there were so many people who could not find work, and he promised that those railway lines for which 1 funds are available should be commenced without further delay. So far so gtfod;. but what is to become of the unemployed tradesmen 1 Is it expected that carpenters, bricklayers, masons, and other skilled workmen who have no work to do will leave their families and comfortable homes, take up their abode in tents, and be satisfied with pick and shovel work? At the building trade there is little or nothing doing; the contracts which were being carried out when the tradesmen were wildly and foolishly urging on the enemies to the Plutocracy are completed, and no new ones have been entered into. The time of excitement is over, that for repentance has come, and a hard and bitter time it threatens to be during the winter months. We deeply regret it, and not even for the lesson it must teach would we have it come. But as it cannot be averted, we do hope that the working classes will profit by it, and seriously reflect on their folly. If they do this, they must arrive at the conclusion that there is no reform, however great, which may not be accomplished by legal and constitutional means, and that capital cannot be treated as an enemy, and public confidence in the stability of our institutions be shaken, without entailing the bitterest consequences on the working classes. 