Flotsam and Jetsam. "The Dandy Fifth." BY FRANK H. GASSAWAY. 'TWAS the time of the workingmen's great strike, When all the land stood still, As the sudden roar from the hungry mouths That labor could not fill; Wh«n the thunder of the railroads ceased, Aad startled towns could spy A hundred blazing factories Fainting each midnight tsky. Through Philadelphia's surging streets Harched the brown ranks of toil, The grimy legions of the shops, The tillers of the soil; Whito-faced militia-men looked on. While womon slirauk with dread ; Twas muscle against monoy then— Twas riohes against bread. Once, as the mighty mob tramped on, A carriage stopped the way, Upon the silken seat of which A young patrician lay, And as, with haughty glance, ho swept Along the jeering crowd, A white-haired blacksmith in the ranks Took off his cap and bowed. That night the Labor League was met, And soon the chairman said, " There hides a Judas in our midst, One man who bows his head, Who bends the coward's servile knee When capital rolls by." "Down with him I Kill the traitor cur I" Rang out the savage cry. Uprose the blacksmith then, and held Erect his head of grey, «I am no traitor, though I bowed To a rich man's son to-day, And though y»u kill me as I stand- As like you mean to do, I want to tell you a story short, And I ask you'll hear me through: " I was one of those who enlisted ant The Old Flag to defeud, With Pope and Halleok, with ' Mao' and Grant I followed it to the end; And 'twas somewhere down on the Rapidan, When the Union cause looked drear, That a regiment of rich young bloods Came down to us from here. " Their uniforms were by tailors cut, They brought hampers of good wine, And ever}' squad had a ulgger too To keep their boota in shine ; They'd nought to ay to us dusty vets, And through the whole brigade We oalled them the kid-gloved Dandy Fifth When we paused them on parade. " Well, they were sent to hold a fort ■ The Rebs tried hard to take, Twas the key to all our line, which no«ght While it held out could break. Bat a (earful fight we lost lust then, The reserve came up too late, And on that fort, and the Dandy Fifth, Hong the whole Division's fate. "Three times we tried to take thsm aid, And each time baok we fell, Though onos we could hear the fort's far gnus .. Boom lik»a<ftineral knelL ' Till at length Joe Hooker's corps «aate up,,. '' And then straight through we broke; How wt ttfeaand a* we saw those dandy coats StUl back of the drifting smoke. - , " With the hands all frout and our ootofs sjned, . We' swarmW trp the parapet, Bat fee sight ahat stteneed ear woloobm sMut I shall never in life forges. Foar days Wen had then- water gone— They had dreaded Skat the most- The next their last scant ration went, ; And eaoh man looksd a ghost ' V A* he stood gaant-«ye4 behind hia gonj Like a crippled stag at hay, AM watched starvation—though not'defeaV— Draw nearer every day. ■ : ■ • Of all the Fifth, not fourscore men Could in their pliices stand, And th«ir white lips told aiearful tale . As we grasped each bloodless hand. " The rest in the stupor of famine lay, Save her*—and there—a few In death tat rigid against the guns, Grim sentinels in blue; And their Colonel, he could not speak or stir, But we saw bis proud eve thrill As he simply glanced to the shot-scarred staff. Where the- old flag Moated still! " Now, I hate the tyra|itu who grind us down, While the wolf Brmrls at our door, And the men who've risen from us—to laugh At the misery of the poor ; But I tell yon, mates, while this weak old hand I have left the strength to lift, It will touch my cap to tho proudest swell Who fought in the Dandy Fifth I" -S.F. News-Letter. 