NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, Wednesday. The new yacht Waitang, of 20 tons, arrived from Auckland. The City of Sydney arrived here at three o'clock to-day. Roby Bros, have made an assignment of their . estate. Their affairs are being arranged privately. War Imminent.— As will be seen in our telegraphic columns, war is now regarded as inevitable, the situation of affairs between England and Bnssia being considered to be most critioal, and is regarded in England with the most profound anxiety. The Russian press defies Enrope, and strongly urges the Czar to revert the San Stefano treaty, and also advocates the rendering of direct as sistance to the Ameer of Afghanistan, to whom the British Government have afforded a last opportunity to adopt conciliatory mea sures, and avert war. The reply is awaited with deep interest. England and France are united as to future operations, and the Cabin&t; have resolved to pursue a vigorous policy. The Cup Day.— On the Fiemington course on Tuesday, when the great racing event of the year took place, the attendance was esti mated at above that of any previous occasion. Over 37,000 travelled by rail, and by the road also the number of travellers was very great. The Maiden Plate gave a close oontest bo- tween Bussex and Andover, the former horse passing the post first by about a head, but a protest was entered for jostling, and the race was awarded to Andover. The Railway Stakes resulted in a close finish between Vagabond aud Monarque, the favourite winning by half a length, with Nerissa third. Gipsy Cooper won the Kensington Stakes, with Baronet and Buccaneer second and third. The interest of the day cnlminated in the Cup, for which 80 horses came to the post — three less than last year. The winner was fonnd in Calamia, who was well supported by a section of the public, though not a strong favourite in Melbourne. He ran forward throngh the race and won easily by a couple of lengths, Tom Kirk second, and Waxy third. Time, two seconds 'longer than last year — viz., 3min. 55j.ec. For the Dariiug Stakes the places were se cured by Jack o' Lantern, Soothsayer, and Oowarie, and for the £100 Plate by Trump Toss, Zephyr, and Cyclops. Gov Fawkes' Day. — Notwithstanding the heavy showers that fell last evening, about half-past seven o'clock the sky was all ablazo with the fires Igihted iu and around Beech- worth by the juveniles, who look forward to and keep up the 5th of November with as much zest as they do Christmas or New Year's Day or any other great holiday. No fireworks were indulged in as far as we oonld see, with the exoeptionof Chinese " crackers" galore. Pkinoe op Wales'3 Birthday. — Saturday next, being the 38th birthday of His Boyal Highness the Prince of Wales, will, we pre sume, be observed as a public holiday by the various tradesmen in this town; although, with the exception" of Messrs Finch and I. Bohert Barnes, they have not intimated to their customers their intention of closing on that day. Most likely they think it is taken for granted that they will do so, being loyal subjects. Myrtleford Catholic Presrytery. — The tenders for the building of the Boman O itbo- lic Presbtery at Myrtleford, plans and speci fications for which can be seen at the Dean ery, Beeohworth, will be received by the Rev. Father O'Connor up to the 11th inst. Murray River. — Onr correspondent at Wahgnnyah, writing on the 5th, says that the river is, this morning, about 23ft. and on the stand-still. "Typographical Journal." — We have re ceive! the Australian Typographical. Journal for November. This number contains the key to the printer's letter which puzzled so many members of the Fourth Estate. Cricket. — A match will he played on Saturday between the Beechworth and Ever- ton Clubs, on the ground of the former. An interesting coatest is anticipated, as both teams are remarkably strong. The fol lowing players have been chosen to represent Beech- worth ; — Allen, A. Biilson, Campbell, Kyan, Strugnell, G. Biilson, Morres, Swift, Miller, Smithers, and Fitzgerald. Emergencies, G. Ross, F. Brett, and A. McCleery. An Explanation. — Our Bright correspon dent writes : — I notice in your issne of Satur day last a paragraph commenting on the protective policy of the Bright Shire Racing Club. This is au error, as the races are open to all corners, which was previously reported as having been passed at a prior meeting. The club have not the slightest notion of being protective in any way, and on reading the programme it will be seen that any person paying his subscription as a member of the club ou or before the 1st of December, will be qualified to run horses. Beechworth Police Court. — On Tues day, before Messrs Telford and Gammon, J.P.'s., Thomas Egan charged with being drunk and disorderly on the previous eve ning, was discharged with a caution. On Wednesday, before the latter magistrate. Henry Peru, similarly charged, was treated in alike manner. The cases Senior-constable James v Robert Davison, misconduct as a member of the police-force ; and Inspector A. B. Smith v Walter Beresford, ill-treating a patient named John Morant, confined in the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum, were ad journed to Tuesday nextr Melbourne Stock Report . — Messrs Richd Gibson and Co. report sales at their yards on Wednesday, the 6th November, as follows : — 1,360 head of fat cattle were broagkt forward, the market opening firm, but closing at about late rates, best bullooks fetching from £10 to £12. We sold 70 head of Robertson Bros.3 FF Oolao bullocks, averaging £8 17s 8d, and 60 head of cows for the same owners, from Cimorgin Station. There were 0,000 sheep yarded, and prices advanced from 6d to Is pe< head.<\- -Best merino shorn . wethers brought 10s 6d. We sold 1000 of Bell's, from Moir>- Station, and 1000 for different owners. Dabino Act by a Woman. — To the upholders of women's rights on the ground of theii possessing qualities of fortitude and courage equal to and surpassing those of the generalit y of men, we commend the following :— On the shores of the harbour, a few miles from Syd ney, a lady returning from a sketching ramble, and ascending the steps to a higher terrace on the grounds; espied a snake swiftly darting across her path, olose to her feet, and towards a hole, into which the snake was vanishing, when the lady promptly placed her foot firmly upon the tail, about two feet from the end. Sh9 now held the snake in durance ; but what to do next was the question. She tried to pall the snake back, hut fortunately perhaps for her, he was too vigorous to bavp his will to escape batilkVdtfi that fashion. vShe then banged the snake about with the haok of he sketch-book,- with 'Some' damage 'to the hook, but none apparently to the snake, who only wriggled his tail about, her.sfoot with renea activity at each application .of tb unequal weapqn-5> Thadadqast haM.aboafcjfec a stick, 'lut none was witn her reach. She wonld not give up -hfr-hope of victory, ani bethought herself; 'at last'.of a small penknife iu her pocket-. jAotjon . quiokly followed.- the : thought, ar;d the lady's foot still holding the snake fae'tj deftiy and bravely the animal was severe jn |W0 by the knife. As a trophy the taii was brought home at once, and the fol- 1' ,ving morning the head portion whb fonnd outside the hole ; and the parts beiug placed together, the snake was found to be over 5ft. long, and of the brown apecies. Ukecuwortii and North Eastern Agri cultural and Horticultural Society — But four members of the committee of this soe'ety — Messrs J. H. Carroll, J. J. Arundel, Richard Thomson, and J. Jardine— turned up at the fortnightly meeting advertised to be held on Wednesday afternoon. T1 is not been sufficient a number to constitute a quorum, the meeting adjourned. Yackandandah District Competitive Ex amination. — A general meeting of those in terested was held at Yackandandah on Satur day last; there being present— Messrs S. P. Jessop (in the chair), Mielielsen, Stiles, Rigg and Robinson. The rales ordered to be drawn out were read and adopted. It was decided that the 21st February, 1S79, be the last day of entry ; and that the rules be printed, with subscription lists attached — the two being together won'.d show the authority of children or others appointed to collect. As before mentioned, Mr Summons, district inspector, will conduct this examination, which will doubtless engender a healthy spirit of emula tion in the breasts of our rising generation. The rules are as follow :— 1. The examination shall be open to all scholars who have attended the State schools under the supervision of the Board of Advice No. 269 not less than sixty days preceding the examination, and who shall be presented by their head-teacher. 2. The examination shall be conducted by the district inspector, whose award shall be final. 3\. The Board of Advice, together with such other gentlemen as are elected, shall ho a committee of management, 4. The examina tion shall be held in the Yackandandah State school early in March, 1879, on a day to be duly notified hereafter. 5. To awaken gene ral interest in the examination, both special and open prisztes shall be granted, and at least one special prize shall be awarded to each school. 6. No scholar shall he awarded two prizes. 7. Special prizes shall he awarded for needlework. 8. Certificates of honorable mention shall be awarded to snch scholars as the inspector may deem deserving. 6. The programme of examination shall be the same as the programme of instruction issued by the Education Department, excluding oral work. 10\. Head-teachers shall notify to the corres pondent of the Board of Advice the name, age and class of each scholar presented for ex amination, not later than the 21st day of February, 1879, and the class-rolls shall be taken as evidence of these particulars. Ghiltern Warden's Court. — On Friday, before Mr Warden Foster. — Gallagher vDolli- morr, applica'ian to put in possession of a claim near the Golden Bar. Dollimore had registered for suspension of claim for three months with the mining registrar, hut it was now contended he had not previously struck payable gold nor had the claim surveyed, nor produced a plan to the registrar. The Warden dismissed the case, as, although perhaps it amounted to a breach of the bye-laws, it did uot do away with the registry of suspension. Strange Hallucination. — A touching tale of affectionate martyrdom, spiritism and lunacy, on the part of a Chinaman, comes from Ballarat. The Star states that a China man at the camp there has recently become insane under a most painful hallucination. This man. Ah Hing by name, had for twenty years carried on business at the camp as a pawnbroker, in conjunction with a leprous cousin, Ah Hoe, who recently succumbed to the terrible disease that had seized him. Ah Iling, during his cousin's lifetime, cared for liira most tenderly, and the death of Ah Hoe, without doubt, unseated liis reason. Since the event, he believed that everything in his hut became the resting-place of an evil spirit, and that the ghost of the leper. Ah Boe visited him constantly, and urged him to give his property to his neighbours lest he i-hould be chased into the place of per dition. He obeyed the fancied command so well that he has rid himself of a de cent sum in cash and a large quantity of mis cellaneous merchandise. Constable Thompson arrested him as a lunatic just as he had placed a clock in the road to be picked up by any one. Drs Itadcliffe and Bunce certified to his insanity, and the unfortunate creature, being brought before the City Court, was committed to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum 