SARAH'S SHAWL. Jonas CI ay was bom stingy; he hid his sweetmeats from his little brothers when he was .1 child, and smoked his cigars alone when lie u as a young man. By the time he was forty, Jonas Clay was a very rich man, though ha lived as plainly as ever, and somehow about that age the first tender feelings he had ever known erupt into his heart. He fell in love with a buxom, good-tempered young woman named Sarah Allworth and offered himself to her. Ho was not an ill-looking man. and when he chose. could make himself agreeable. Sarah liked him and accepted him. , Jonas meant to be liberal to her at lirst, but after a brief honeymoon happiness his old habits resumed their sway, and, at last, the second winter of their married life coming on, Sarah found that all her remarks about her shabby summer hat had 110 effect what ever, and "that she might wait a long while without having such a thing as a comfortable cloak suggested to her. She had beeu a poor girC and had no trousseau to spoak of, and she found it necessary to put her pride in her pocket and ask for what she needed. It is hard enough for a wife to do that, but to be refused nas something she had not cal culated on. She knew her husband had a large bank account—that there was no reason she should not dress as well as any lady in the.land. But when she had said playfnllv, •' Jonas, shall I buy myself some winterthiugsto-day—I need a shawl dreadfully.'"—he had answered, " I thought- you too sensible a woman to run after the fashions, Sarah. I'm sure you have very decent things that you might wear a long while yet." -" That shows how much men know, Sarah answered, determined to be pleasant and not to show that she was hurt. " You would not like your wife to look shabby, Jonas?" " Well, no," said Jonas—" no ; but, really Sarah, money is so scarce just now. Don't you think you might make what you have do a little longer. " How much longer?" she asked, quietly. " Oh, I don't know," said Jonas. " I had an aunt who left mo komething when she died who wore the same shawl and bonnet sixteen years, and boasted of it too !" His wife looked at him, and said nothing. " Economy is a great thing, Sarah," said Jonas 11 ueasily. "Itwould be dreadful to die in the poor-house, you know; and you don't care for the other peoples admiration do you, Sarah, when you know your Jonas likes you as well in your well-saved clothes? We ■won't call them ' shabby,' Sarah, only well gaved." ^ " Call them what you please, Jonas," said Sarah. "They merit both epithets." She sat quietly with her hands folded on the table before her for a while. Her tem per was rising fast, but she had sense enough to crush it down. A raiser is the victim of a vice that mas ters him—just as a drunkard is. Jonas was ashamed of himself even as he spoke, and she knew it. As she looked at him a little while, grief came instead of anger. There was so much that was good about Jonas. It was terrible to see this canker creeping over it all ; to see the pinched liues about his mouth, the strange look in his eyes. Poor Sarah remembered stories she had read of jnisers; how they starved themselves while they counted their gold ;jhow some of them died in the dark to save candles ; and how,' through a long illness, one of the wealthiest of these men refused to have a pillow bought for him, or even a little saucepau in which to heat his porridge. Would Jonas grow to be as bad as these"? How could shetell?_ Once or twice of late he had fonnd fault with the amount of butter used, and moaned over his butcher's bill. But men generally didsome thing of that sort, she had heard; and men know nothing about dress. She rose softly and went out of the room, and brought back her bonnet and shawl, and put them on the table before him. " Jonas, dear," she said, "I don't wan't you to think me unreasonable ; look at these —see how shabby they are. They were nice when we were married, but they were cheap, very cheap—cheap things fade so. I have made everything I had do for two years. I did not like to a«k. I have not spont one penny of your money for clothes. You know you Rave me two pairs of gloves in your honeymoon—I have them still." "What a good, careful girl!" said Jonas, caressing her black hair, as she came and sat on a low stool beside him. '* Yes, I have been careful. It is my nature to be careful," said Sarah. "Few rich men's wives would have done so much. Now look at these things, my dear." Jonas looked. There came a time after wards when it seemed to him that the faded tint of that shawl, its dingy palm, leaves of yellow brown, and the wilted flowers and shabby ribbon of the bonnet, hadbeeuseared nto his brain. He looked at them long and lingaringly. He knew his wife was reasonable, and that the things were, audlong had beeu, unfit for her to wear. But his money tugged at his heart-gtrings. " Suppose you wear them one winter more, Sarah," he Baid—just one?" "The shawl is very thin," she said. ''I shall oatch cold again as I did last win ter." "Poor girl!" he said, softly, and looked towards the desk where his check-book lay. But the grip of the Send that rules a miser's soul nipped him sorely as he did BO. Themomentaryimpulse vanished. Besides, a thought occurred to him. " Thoy wear sacques a good deal, Sarah, don't they?" he said. " Oh! they are vary fashionable," replied his wife. " Then couldu't you make one of that old billiard-cloth that is in the trunk- room.1"' he said. " My poor mother bought it at an auction. She meant to use it for a cover let ; but it's a very pretty green, don't you think, Sarah, and such nice material?" There is a limit to woman's patience ; this suggestion measured Sarah's. She started to her feet, and gathering up her bonnet and shawl, walked out of the room. After she had gone, Jonas, really looked at his check book, and for at least two minutes contem plated drawing a large chock, and telling his wife he had bean teasing her. But he could not bring himself to do it. After a while his wife looked into the ' room with her old bonnet on, and her old shawl about her shoulders and said, " Jonas, I'm going to spend the day with my sister in-law, but I shall be home before diuner time." " I hope you'll enjoy yourself, my dear," said Jonas. Ho saw her eyes vrereheavy with weeping, and looked away, ashamed of him self. Then he betook himself to his office, wkere he ground out his money, and, during the day, compromised with himself. He would do'no extravagant thing, but when he went home he would give his wife what w»3 neces sary. And, after all he said to himself, it would have been better to have done it. He had grieved her, and she was the only thing he loved on earth. He went home earlier than usual that evening to make what amends his soul would consent to, and as lie walked briskly along, being light, upon his feet yet—for who ever heard of a miser growing fat?—110 thought that ho never again would bring tears to those good, kind eyes. Never, never again —never again; and then what was that crowd? What had happened? People were coming his way, looking backward as they came. Me», boys, women, little children, all tho rift-raff that accident, or quarrel, or an arrest will collect in the streets of London; and now ho was in tho midst of tho throng and close to four policemen, who, with set faces, marched in line, hearing between them a stretcher, on which lay a human form. It was covered—covered with a shawl. Jonas looked. Oh, Heaven, he knew the pattern ' of that shawl! Only a few hoi'-J before its diugy palm leaves oi yellow browu, its faded \- fringe, its shabby brown centre, had beeu 1 spread before him. It was his wife's shawl ! "Stop—stop—stop!" he cried. "Let me see her—let me see her !" "Do you know her?" asked one of the police men. , T " Let me see her face,-' said Jonas, grow ing so faint that that a kindly man hard by supported him. . "You'dnot knowhertace; a telegraph pole fell on her; it's crushed out of all shape," said thepoi-c-'^au. " But shawls are alike. Keep up your courage. I don't think this is any ' relation oi yours; she's too shabby. Look at her shoes! Soe here, this is her bonnet. You don't kc-vr that ?" He held up a bonnet. It was crushed and soaked with blood; but Jonas knew iu The streaked purple ribbon, and a (lower amongst the other flowers that had lost half its petals —lie had lingered it as it lay on the table be side him. " Yea, I know it!" hocried. " It's Surah! It's my wife !" Then he pulled away tho shawl from the crushed face, and fainted oiitri^ht, But as his senses left him he heard someone say, "His wife! Why, I thought she was a beggar!" And another answered, " Like enough ; they call him a miser. I know him. His narao is Jonas Clay." They carried the poor woman home to Jonas Clay's old house; helping him to follow as he came to himself. She was laid upon her bed, and there \^as a coroner's in quest, and women prepared her body for burial, talking aniongst themselves of tho shame it was she, a rich mairs wife, should be so clad ; and then there was a pause, and he might be alono with her if he would, Beforo the time came he had a cab called, and went out iu it He was driven to a large drapery establishment, where he asked to see the mAnager, and was shown to his office. The manager found him there, a pale miserable object, trembling and faint, as one in a deep illness. He was shabby, too. " He has come to bog," thought the mana ger ; and his " What can. I do for you?" iras curt. But Jonas eared nothing forauyone's man ner how. He answered sadly, " I want to buy a shawl." - " A salesman will attend to you, sir," said the manager. "No," said Jonas ; ,'f I am too ill, too: broken to talk to the salesman. I can trust you. I want the costliest shawl you have.*' " A madman!" thought the mauagor. " Our costliest is two hundred pounds," said he repressing a smile. " Hare it made up for me," said Jonas. " Certainly mad!" said the gentleman to himself. But Jonas had drawn a check from his breast, and with trembling hand was filling up the blanks. The manager examined them carefully. " Mr. Jonas Clay," he said, mora respect fully. Then it flashed upon him that ho had read of a fatal accident to this man's wife that morning. It was a strange proceeding altogether. Secretly he called others to look at his customer. One knew him financially, it was all right. " And the rest is none of our business," said the manager, as he saw the bundle of splendour carried down-stairs after Jonas Clay. " They spoke of him as a miser iu the paper. That's a pretty purchase for a miser !" Meanwhile, Jonas drove home. From the door floated long streamers of black crape. No sweet face smiled a greeting. Withiu all was hushed. CatTyiug the shawl under his i arm, lie went up-stairs to tho darkened room, where,' under straightfolds of white drapery, | seemed to Jay the sorrow of the house. A watcher sat there. He sent her away. Then, alone in the room, he kuelt down upon the floor beside the coffin. "Sarah," he said,—"Sarah, can you hear me? I loved you, Sarah ; but I was such a miser—such a miser! I've bought you a shawl at last Oh, Sarah ! Sarah ! I've paid as much as I could for it, my dear. You shall be wrapped in it in your coffin. I'll put it about you myself. Sarah ! Sarah !" He spread out the costly folds; he lifted it in his hands. A moment more he would have folded it about the dead form iu the coffin, but at that instant a voicecried, "Oh, "Jonas 1 Jbnas dear! Ob, my poor Joii.ir J My poor, poor Jonas !" And turning, he saw his wife, either in the spirit or the flesh, standing behind him. His knees trembled under him. He oriud out to Heaven to help him; but tho figure came closer. It was no ghost, but a living woman. She took him in her arms. " Oh, how ill you look!" she said. " Did you really love me so J And it is all my fault. I went to my sister-inJaw's, and there, in a pet—oh! 1 was so angry, Jonas —I gave away my dress, my shawl," acd my bonnet to a beggar woman—and vowed to sit iu one of my sister's dressing-gowns un til yon gave me decent clothes to come home in. And tho poor woman—who was tipsy, too, my dear—was killed two hours after wards, and I never knew that she had been takeu for me until this morning. Oh,- such a dirty creature, my dear, the papers des cribed herl And for a little while I was glad that yon had had a fright; butl'm sorry now I was." For all answer, lie picked up the costly shawl and wrapped it about hei-j and took her, folded in it like a muuimy, to his heart again. "The miser is dead," r he said. "But Jonas Clay will show his wife how ho cau cherish her." Ho did ; and if ever afterwards Sarah de tected symptoms of a relapse, all she had to do was to wrap herself iu her wonderful shawl. The sight of it iuevitably recalled the moment when he learut how little, after all, is the value of money, and realised in agony of soul that " should a man give all his sub stance of his house for love it would bo utterly contemned." He may indeed love his money yet ; but he knows that he loves Sarah more. 