OJje &soncj;> iïloming tralö. FRIDAY, JULY 12, 1878. IF the subscribers to the Agricultural Society had met to discuss de novo the question whether they would sanction the project of an International Exhibition next year under the auspices, and at the risk of their own society, it is pretty evident, from the tone of the meeting, on Wednesday last, that the majority would have hesitated before giving that sanction. The decision arrived at was mainly based on the feeling that so much had been done that it was safer to go on than to draw back. " The Society had set our own Government in motion, and secured an official recognition of the project. Our Government had besought and obtained a promise of cooperation from the Imperial Government. The Imperial Government had communicated with other Governments, and exhibitors in Europe and in America had been communicated with, and their co-operation solicited. If, after all this, the Society were to draw back:, its future announcements would not be likely to receive much credit, and nobody would know whether an exhibition formally announced for twelve months was really to take place or not. When the project was first mooted we did not view it with much favour, thinking that it was every way better to reserve our efforts for a great centennial display. But the council of the Agricultural Society thought differently, and the members of the Agricultural Society acquiesced. Full publicity was given to what was proposed, and no serious objection was raised in public. That which has now given rise to opposition is the apprehension that the Society may involve itself in serious liabilities, and may even imperil its very existence by getting into difficulties which would scatter its supporters, and discourage its reconstruction on any new basis. And there can be no doubt that the figures presented in the report disclose operations on a larger scale than many of the subscribers were at all expectant of whom, twelve months ago, they gave their overt or tacit sanction to the scheme. The original expectation, as admitted in the report presented on Wednesday, was that the additional expenditure would be quite covered by the additional income. That is no longer the expectation, and now a deficit of about ten thousand pounds is expected. But that very fact suggests the inquiry whether the council of the Society has not been getting too ambitious, and whether the project has not been growing not only beyond what was originally intended, but beyond what is even expedient. When twelve months ago it was suggested that we had better wait for our Centennial, it was replied that an Exhibition in 1870 would serve as a " little-go," that it would do the colony an immediate service, and would be a material help towards the larger scheme for the centennial year. But it was not proposed that the Agricultural Society should do more than give an unusual expansion to its annual exhibition. It has on several occasions endeavoured to make these exhibitions intercolonial and by getting exhibits from »T\ New Caledonia, Canada, the United States, and France, it has more than once tried to give even an extra-colonial character to its annual displays. The idea was that next year, by following close on the Paris Exhibition, there would be unusual opportunities for getting exhibits, and that the concentration of exhibitors at Paris would give to the Society's agents a chance of bringing the colony especially under the notice of manufacturers. But it was not anticipated that the Society would achieve any success beyond what it could comfortably manage, and that the task of providing house room for the exhibits would not be a gigantic one. What is now making the proposal seem so formidable is the notion that a new and costly building must be erected. But is there really any necessity for this, and is there really any proof at present that more space will be required than can be furnished by temporary structures The present Exhibition building was put up in a hurry, and we have all had abundant opportunities since of reflecting that if it had been designed and constructed more at leisure, it might have been made not only much more sightly, but a great deal more convenient. If we put up a larger building in a greater hurry, we may probably make a still greater mistake. Then, too, if larger ideas are to prevail, we have to consider the question of a site. Crowds have been drawn to Prince Alfred Park because it is within a convenient walking distance from the city, and many of the suburbs. Our omnibus system could not possibly accommodate the numbers of visitors, and it is overtaxed to deal with even a fraction of them. There is no space equally central where a permanent building would be tolerated and if we are to go to the southern side of Moore Park, or to any of the larger and more distant sites outside the city, we must have a railway to the spot, or we shall utterly fail in drawing the numbers necessary to make the exhibition a success. The site must either be within walking distance of the mass of the people, or accessible by a very cheap railway journey, and we have not time in thirteen ? months to make any suburban railway. These circumstances all point to a strict adherence to the original design, which contained no proposal for a new and extensive building, but merely a utilisation on a larger scale than heretofore of the Society's agencies and of the Society's premises. What sufficient reason is there for believing that we need go beyond this, or that we are likely to want to go beyond it Some confusion of thought has arisen from a reference to what is being done in Victoria. There is no need for us to come into collision with our- neighbours. or to imitate them, still less to entertain any . unworthy jealousy of them. The Victorian project is for an international exhibition under the auspices not of any society, but of the Government itself. The Government has initiated the project, and is prepared to recommend an expenditure of £100,000. Nothing of the kind is proposed here, and therefore to compare our scheme with that of Victoria, as if they were in any way rivals, is to compare things that not only differ, but that were never intended to do anything else ' than differ. The two projects are not. of the same kind, or on the same footing or the same scale. When our centennial year arrives, then it will be proper for the Government to take the exhibition in hand as a national concern, to operate not through the Agricultural or any other society, but directly through its own departments, or through a Commission of its own nomination. For such an exhibition Parliament may he asked for a very hand- some vote. A memorial structure worthy of the occasion should be erected, and all the preparations, to be thoroughly effective, should begin two or three years beforehand. that the time for that is not yet. The matter in hand now is to give an international extension to the Agricultural Society's annual exhibition and if the council is prudent and judicious, this may be done without involving, any very dangerous liability, or incurring any deficit which the liberality of the public or of Parliament would not relieve. THE opening of the Parliamentary session in Victoria is the signal for the renewal of that game of cross-purposes which the Government and the Upper House have been playing with little intermission for years past. The great point in the programme of the Government is constitutional reform, which, being interpreted, means the adoption of measures to provide for tying the hands of the Legislative Council when its independent action would interfere with the 'plane and purposes of the party in power for the time being. But on the eve of the opening day the members of the Council held a meeting, and resolved themselves to take the initiative in the work of constitutional reform, by introducing a bill to set their house in order and to strengthen its position. The Council and the Government are thus already entering upon paths which will lead to collision. It is not long since the SM"IIKTAII\ ov STATIS, in his simplicity, congratulated Sir GEORGE BOWEN upon the termination of one conflict; but it is clear that others perhaps more bitter than the last and in prospect. *' The course of true love never did run smooth ; " and Mr. BERRY'S ardent devotion to his country seems doomed to encounter obstacles which can only be a. moved or overcome by political violence. The Legislative Council would have dans wisely if it had undertaken the task of as forming its own constitution before, and done ; so with earnestness of purpose and in a | liberal spirit. Although there is nothing in the law to require that a measure specially affecting the constitution or status of either Chamber should originate in the House to which it refers, there is a certain fitness in the observance of that principle as a rule of procedure. And, if the Constitution of an Upper House is to be popularised, -'it is a graceful act on the part of that Chamber to volunteer the concession without seeming to wait until reform is pressed upon its acceptance by a more popular Assembly. It is to he feared that the step which Sir CHARLES SLADEN proposes to take, will be taken too late to be of any material service to the Legislative Council in the coming struggle with the Government and it is to he doubted whether the step proposed, taken late or early, would go far enough to meet the requirements of the situation. It is intended to still retain a high property qualification for members, and a comparatively high, though reduced, property qualification for electors. The freehold, instead of being of the value of £50 per annum, is to be of the value of £25 or £35 per annum. The Constitution of the Victorian Upper House is in need, according to our view of the matter, of considerable reform, and that in the direction of reducing the property qualification of electors. It is a mistake that property only should be represented in the one House and numbers only in the other, the effect of such a distinction and separation is almost certain to be injurious, because there is, from the very beginning, a suggestion of conflicting interest. And, as the ultimate source of power is to he found with the great mass of the people, it is a dangerous experiment to place the function of moderating the exercise of that power in the hands of a special class which shall almost inevitably appear, when thus singled out, to be acting for itself if not against the wishes and the interests of the great mass of the people. Recent events in Victoria have proved two things, first, the expediency of maintaining a second Chamber in the Legislature and next, the inexpediency, nay the danger, of establish- ing that (Chamber upon a class basis. If the power of the State were concentrated in the hands of a single Chamber, with such a majority as Mr. BERRY'S majority, and such leaders as Mr. BERRY and his colleagues, and a Governor proposes. to regard the advice of his Ministers as commands, it is hard to say what limits would be set to the tendency to play fantastic tricks with men's rights and liberties and with the interests of the State. But when a second Chamber is constituted for the purpose of applying a salutary check, it is only weakening its influence and exposing it to attack, to make it even in appearance the organ of a class. It may come within the duty of a second Chamber to oppose measures destructive of legitimate class rights, as well as to protect individual rights and liberties. But this duty should he discharged on broad national grounds, and in order that it may be discharged with freedom and efficiency, the second Chamber should be able to show, from its constitution, that it has a claim upon the support, not of a class, but of the country. As it appears to us, the object of the proposed reform in Victoria would not be served by stopping short at a partial reduction of the electoral property qualification. It would he an error to make a partial reduction now that would leave room for complaints similar in kind, though not in degree to the present ones, and ensure the renewal of agitation for further reductions a few years hence. There is no magic in the limit of £20 to make it satisfactory where £50 has failed. If any limitation he adopted, it would he sufficient to place it at such a point as would include all but (the waifs and strays, the shifting population that has neither anchorage nor stake in the cemetery By ¿^¿T^ constitution of the Council has KW? Î upon these principles. The" ounces because it stands upon a popular J f!?n8 and although it W S^ZS^SS as elsewhere, that with a. when- a, ' House there \houldCsoVÍgeüS late Prevention of protracted locks, we have seen quite iwenUr as legitimate claims of the Council Tearne and enforced even by the A«emM^A¡ they had been repudiated by the Ministry If Sir CHARLES SLADEN had proposed in extend the Council franchise to a state population of the colony, he might a better grace, and a greater chance of sugar have superadded his scheme for a 22 dated suffrage, The idea is to be one vote to the elector who has the minimum property qualification, two votes to the elector whose property exceeds a certain higher farms, and three votes where a certain still horses value is exceeded. Starting with the adisvAw show that property should bear its fair share, the burdens of. the State, it is a matter! simple equity that property should have its fair- share of influence in the direction of public affairs. This principle is recorded in the Municipalities Act, and there is no sound reason why with the franchise extended to the whole of the stable population of the colony, it should not be embodied in the constitution of the Legislature, especially where the central Government is mainly occupied with the discharge of municipal! visits piece with the discharge of municipal functions. But if the principle is introduced in the electoral system of the Upper House, it should be introduced also in the electoral system of the Lower Democracy (as a well known writer of the most advanced opinions has admitted) whilst it demands for every free man a voice in the management of public affairs, does not necessarily demand that all should have an equal voice It cannot be said that all have equal interests, or that the personal. qualifications of all are equal And to adieu pertinaciously under these conditions, to the doctrine that all ought to have an equal min.. ence is simply to conceal a difficulty which it may be hard to surmount, by throwing over it a cover of imaginary right It would be hard to apportion to every man the precise measure of political influence which he is fitted or entitled to wield , but that is not a sufficient reason why we should admit the claim of all men to equal influence Tits SYDNEY MAIL -To-day s issue of the dying fall contains the full details of the revolt made acres at New Caledonia The original essays or in the Mail are as numerous and interesting as in tay pt. v now number Among others the best of a raluaMt experience of papers descriptive of the constitution and aims of the internationalists and Socialists of Europe Melba found very interesting at the present epoch, when attempted assassinations by members of the organ canons have startled all Europe IheiUuitn tions are also numerous and attractive comprime portraits of Mdlle Alice Charbonnet the accomplished young pianiste, and of the late Charles Mathews besides a spirited scene at the batteries at Georges' Head and Views in France The new department is exhaustive and varied A copious selection of European news by the mail received last night will be found in that part of the paper THE OCEAN WAIFS From an authentic iMicewi have received some interesting particulars relate to the fate of the four Minna women castaways, who it will be remembered were picked up by the French vessel Daphne brought to Sydney, and offerred dispatched to their home by the schooner Stormbird Our informant states that of the four cautious one died at sea and the remaining three were returned to their homes, where, however, they met with a reception anything but cordial They were told that, having been looked upon as dead for so long opened, their property had been redistributed, and their appearance was probate of nothing but embarrassment One of them went to Honolulu in the storm bird and obtained a place in an English family where she is kindly treated andhuonlyt» mind a baby The mission of the Stormbird war it will be remembered, to visit the various lands in the South Seas for the purpose of obtaining; new immigrants for the Haw anan Government the BILL population of the Sandwich Islands being of similar race Our correspondent notes her milk at Honolulu with 85 immigrants 23 of whom are women The line The Board of Immigration determined to retain this first batch in On at for the pelts convenience of supervision but as many a well applied for were allotted as domestic servants mind about Honolulu the remainder were placed a plantations from eight to fifteen miles from the ton, and not far from one another The Governraenttool the ship over and after being refitted She will M despatched to the game region for another batch! islanders VICTORIA THEATRE. - Last night Offenbidfl " Grand Duchess " was produced at the Victoria Theatre to a very good house, the lower parUoIul theatre being crowded, and the dress circle hirings large number of patrons. Miss Clara Thompson assumed the principal character, of course, had it only justice to that lady to say her performance at a very good one. Miss Thompson lady, to F« extent, the piquancy and verve which have made the performances of more successful KpratnUM» of the Grand Duchess, but she looked in character and she sang and acted with rain and good taste in the sabre long I received an unmistakable encore, and in all to Him " she sang with much sweetness M success. Mr. Bruce appeared in his old character Fritz, and, as of old, aroused the envy and same of all at his good fortune. Wanda, the sweetheart ? Fritz, was allotted to Miss E. A. Lambert, a young W whose appearance on this occasion was her best a" season. She gives a far better idea of the event l matter than is generally met with, and his ij>t«7 1 rustic manner about her that is very cross General Boom and Prince Paul, two of a most prominent characters in the open I were but indifferently performed. still Ipleton gives a tame representation is a 1 blustering and faint-hearted general, «ndMr.JM»T is not at all suited for the part of France is "a minor characters were well represented, SM was?; standing the deficiencies referred toaborethepBimjJ ance of the opera, as it progressed, elicited comedy) able applause. At the opening of the fourth we " Grand Duchess Galop " was danced brain Fannie, Mr. II. Leopold, and the member, of ballet. The dresses and scenery incidental a s" opera were all that could be desired. ' THE GHOST ExTEaTAtsMENT.-NotwithstsntogUf exceedingly inclement weather of If a M was a moderately good attendance at he Games to witness another of Dr. D'Arcy Read . OWj">» tainments. The programme was he sure is given during last week, and is a"S week with another of a similar «*»£»£.£"£. pMtotthepcTformance,larttMht,»e»^eW*g and consists of phantoms being raised by its means and made to perform, float in T«;1.^%,(l manner that no living being could accomplish i follows We Past. Present,andFuture,J**u optical illusion, and has incidental to *£$££ which are tolerably well Fung. Joe £5", Christy's come next, and the wholesale with an exceedingly amusing P/°?Xi W enlivened by snatches of songs J*"«",.^ Ghosts Revels the Haunted House. Testament is certainly an amusing one, "^0l^laûttKk not seen it should do so before the season we which it will do shortly. at Mt THE. IsD«rEKOENr Oajna "J^gSfitorii J. B. Harmon, the second highest ?*"'°Yh7Unjt3 arrived here yesterday on his way home We States. His visit to Australia hesitant W { t request of the Supreme Grand Affair, I object the establishment ri^jájjgbial tralasia, having jurisdiction overall the w s this he has done. A dinner is to MPs Hannon at the Masonic Ha1,,<">.Slangs when he will doubtless furnish some safe, a position of the order in Amen.c^rÄedßUt*<* boasts of having the President's the Umteoo the list of active members. ' 