ACADEMY OF MUSIC. A season of English opera, under the direction of Messrs. H. Bracy and George Leopold, commenced at this theatre on Saturday evening, when, for the first time in Auatralia, was produced the eomio opera, . nl. .1. Ja IVtifsniiilln litt P PlfttinilflllltO .6i V.10CJ1CS up ZZ iw " mi idipted by H. B. Farnie and E. Reeco. The music on tho whole is taking, some of the concerted numbers giving proof of the art of composition in a high degree. The overture, which is a work or considerable merit, ifss well performed by the orchestra, tomposcd of well-known skilful musicinns under the able conductorsbip of Mr. Charles Via Ghelc. In the first act tho notion takes place in the vicinity of the cliffs of Calvados, on the road to Cornevillc, ami at the Norman hiring fair. The first song is, That is what the Folks all Say, anng by Misb Clira Thompson in tho character of Serpo- lette. The number is melodious, and was well given. It is followed by a taking ohorus with a lsuehing finale, and a quarrel scone ri la Madame Angot then takes place. I may be Princess, a lively air, was also given with effeot by Serpolette. A pretty sailor song was rendered in a pleasing manner by Mr. Bracy as Grenicheux. Miss Lambert ns. earned the character of Germaine, aud in the duet with Mr, Braoy, Love is a Secret, her tinging was not strictly in accordance with the laws of harmony. The Legend of tho Bells was a far better effort on tho part of Miss Lambert. The ding dong ohorus which terminates each case is a spirited composition, aud was sung in a manner that fully justified the encore it received. A taking air, To me No Strangor, was fairly lung by the Marquis de Corneville (Mr. Templeton), I'll Ne'er Forget, a song with a charming waltz rhythm, introduced at times, was given with good effect by Mr. , Bracy. The fair scene was full of lively action, the chorus, commenced by men's and then taken up by women's voices, being full of appropriate melody. .TuBt look at This, Just look At That, i'b full of go, and was well sung by Mies Clara Thompson, and the chorus of Norman peasant girls, the acting being agreeably piquant and in keep ing with the mnsical ooloring. So good was the number that it had to be encored. Gas- rl, an old miser, was played by Mr. W. Wallace, who sings in the first net, 1 could Take the Law of You, fairly. The act has a capital finale, . and at its conclusion the performers were honored With a recall before the enrtain. The teconi net plays in the Crusaders' Hall In the Chateau de Corneville. Will You Come, a charming melody, was prettily sung by Mlsa Lambert. The Ghost trio, by Ser viette, Grenioheux and The Bailio (Mr. George Leopold) was amnsing. The Bong of Bis Ancostors, Bung by the Marquis, and to Which there is a capital chorus, is replete With harmony, and was given with such good effect that it elicited loud applause. The duet by Misa Lambert and Mr. Temple- ton, 'lis She, is full of original piquancy, lad the lady displayed, in singing her portion, an appropriate amount of archness. The quintette by the principals with a, choral refrain was given with good effect." As Gaspard Mr. Wallace acted exceedingly well, and brought out tho avaricious, suspi. cious and cunning features of tho character with conanmmate skill. The duet by him and Grenicheux was fairly done. The thorns where Gaspard is discovered to be Ihe ghost was well sung. In Gas- pard'a mad scene Mr. Wallace displayed considerable dramatic power, the diug dong chorus is again heard, and an effective ta bleau Is formed "'by the peasant girls' in their high Norman caps, fishermen, hunts men and pages gazing in horror at the af. frighted Gaspard, whom the sound of the csstle hells has bereft of reason. Thonext set depicts an orchard in which the apple harvest is going on. The acting of Miss Clara Thompson, while presenting Ser polette as assuming the airs of a fine lady, aas marked by pleasing humor. Cider, Drink Divine, a taking number, was well lone by Miss Clara Thompson. The con- rinding chorus of the opera was lively, and wis well rendered, the effect being marred, however, by tho noisy manner in which one wrtion of the audience insisted upon leaving their seats before the fall of the curtain. Hiss Besaio Royal as Manetti, Miss F. Morel) as Susaune and Misa F. Slater as Christophe acquitted themselves creditably. In the third not a pan de deux was per formed by Signora Emilia Pasta aud Miss Florence Slater with a graceful execution that evoked the warmest approbation of the audience. The dresses were tasteful, and the mounting of the piece was off'eotive. Lea troches de Corneville will improve upon a nearer acquaintance when the performers have become more familiar with their work, ine opera programme is prettily got np, and u well printed. To-night tho opera will be peatcd. 