MURRUMBURRAH. from a correspondent. September 24. — Ronllr. Afr. Editor, n lit.tln nouo. paper discussion of local affairs seems to be useful at timos ; especially when some accidental circumstances happen to give weight to tbo I remarks of tho local scribe. Scarcely had you | published my gentle remonstrance against all j and sundry concerned in tho non-construction ! of " the bridge," when the unfortunate (? for- ) tunato) buggy wreck of three "commercials" i gave you the chance for a telling " par." on tho suujQCvf una i slc iuc lYyxiS uus followod suit in the same lino of attack. Some thing will be done now, I believe, as Mr. AYells, of the Roads Department, came here last night j especially to enquire into the reason of tho bridge being so long in hand, and it is now promised to bo finish d in two months time, or thereabouts. Commercial travellers have become very numerous and active this season, flying | about nt a railroad poce, ond seemingly liable j to as many risky adventures as the " wnr correspondents" of the English press — with the j exception of unintentional bullets. To-day two j gentlemen in tho commercial lino sustained a : break-down of their buggy about four miles out I in the diroction of Wombat, but raonnged to j come into town afterwards on horsoback, not without n slight mishap to one of them in the equestrian line. The wreck of the buggy was brought in by a cart, sent out by Mr. Dillon. I cannot Bny that there was any bridge, or wont of a bridge, concerned in this accident. At tho Petty Sessions last Thursday, besides tho case of the two young Boyds ana Sura- mereel, who wore committed for stealiog bacon and mutton at the Criterion Hotel (of which I porceivo you have an account), there was a painter named Marshall sentenced to three months imprisonment in Y'oung gaol, for being illegally on tbo premises of Mr. Dillon in tho possession of e goose stolen from Mr. Johnson. This person had only arrived in Murrumburrah on the preceding day, and managed to secure lodgings for himself at tho Queen's expenso in less than twenty-four hours. The post- office seems to be rooking pretty foir progress, and the street is nearly all metalled, Tho town is certainly increasing in size and population from without, though people do soy that the times are bad ; but if this really is so, it can be only for a time, and that is usnally tho case with small towns — they have their ups and downs, their jolly days and tho reverse, yet on the whole growing steadily bigger and better. The railway, though in passing by seems to have taken much business with it, pro motes circulation in tho body politic, and people think nothing of a trip now backwards and forwards to Cootamundra, to Binalong, to WaggB, or to Sydney, whereas in tho old coaching days tbey would think twice or a dozen timos, if they valued their comfort, bofore starting on a journey of twenty miles. Cootamundra is twenty-five miles from Alurromburrab, Y'oung only twenty, yet the former seems to be only over the way, an hour's journey ond no trouble ; the latter has an indefinite distance of three or four hours' journey, with some trouble, but how much you are left to imagine. These reflections have been induced by observing the easy way in which a number of the ladies ot this place started off at a moment's notice to attend the concert hold at Cootamundra last Friday evening, in aid of the Catholic Church. Several of these were well-known nmatenr vocalists of recognised talent, here ond elsewhere. The friendly ex change of pulpits between the Rev. Mr. Cocks, Church of England minister of this place, and the Rev. Mr. Yarrington, of Yass, last Sunday, could hardly have been accomplished comfort ably but for the railway. Air. Yarringlon preached twice in the English Church, and, I am convinced, wns highly appreciated by those who hod tho privilege to hear him. There have been several movements made in a quiet way lately by the principal residents of the town, for the advancement of the piece, one of which was to obtain tho appointment of one or two justices of the peace from among them selves — and why not ? At Cootamundra recently two J.P.'s wore appointed from among tho towns- ! i people, and in Y'oung thore are several. I un- j 1 dorstand that the names of four gentlomen were | i Bubmittod lately to Air. Watson, with tho viow I ' of obtaining his recommendation of same. Wo | i shall see if anything will como of it. j Every day, is brings forcibly to tho notice of j our townspeople, tho griovnnco of the distant j railway station. Only a milo away, and yet j " thou art so near and yet so far." It ought to | ho possihlo in tho future, however, to get the j next best thing to tho stntion, viz,, a platform j at tho plnco where tho road crosses in the town, j If this matter is kopt stoadily in viow, and put j before the powers that be, Aliirrumbnrrah ought | to get her wishes at last. It is simply dis- graceful that Galong should have a platform, and this convenience withheld from an important town like Murrumburrah.— Ed. Y.C. Held Over. — Dr. W. Warren's letter on "In- digestion" is unavoidably held over until next issue. Municipal Council.— The usual meeting of tho Yass Municipal Council takes placo this afternoon at half-past two o'clock. Fish. — Another large haul of fish was made in the Yass Rivor, near Mundoonan, on last Wed nesday. Marsh Mallows. — The committee of tho Y'ass Mechanics' Institute might take some steps to have the plant of the genus allhma removed from in front of the porch of tbo Institute. Stock Passing.— On Tuesday, 250 head of store cattle, belonging to Alessrs. Bourko and Johnson, passed through Yass for Murrum burrah. The Motion of Censure against the Minis try. — In the Assembly on last Tuesday Mr. J. Davies withdrew bis motion respecting tho course taken by the Government in tho mattor of tho proposed International Exhibition. St. Andrews Church. — On next Tuesday, the 1st October, a grand amateur concert in aid of a fund for improving tho Presbyterian Church at Yass, will take place in tho Mechanics' Institute. The programme consists of sacred and secular songs, as well as recitations, and, by tho names of those who have offored their assistance and which appoar in the advertisement, wo predict for the entertainment a grand success. -f- Circuit Court. — The October Assizes will open in Yass on next Tuesday, Octobor 1st, before his Honor Judgo Hargrove. Air. O. Manning will prosecute for the Crown, nnd it is oxpocted that the Hon. E. Butler and Mr. J. Want, barristers, will also be present. Tho oases for trial are Bridget Hennessy, manslaughter; Hannah Le- hane and Michael Joseph Dslahunty, wounding with intent; Dora Smith, wounding ; and beside these are two other cases, tho particulars of which wo have not heard. Wesleyan Tea Mbbting. — A tea meeting in I aid of the Wesleyan Chapel at Mandoonan was j held in the chapel at Mundoonan on Wednesday 1 last. Thore were about ninety people sat down to the excellent repast, which was provided by the ladies of tho district. After ample justice had been done to the good things provided, the meeting was addressed by the Rov Mr. Osborne and the Rev. Air. Maunsell. Berrima Races. — The following horses have j been nominated for the Berrima handicap which comes off next week, at Berrima, viz. : — Bur- wood, aged ; Middlosex, 4 years ; Hubert, 5 years ; Queen of Hearts, G years ; Pomme de Terre, 5 years ; Rockwood, aged ; Maid of Lome, 6 years ; Jack, 5 years ; Fiona, 3 years. This is the only race that has closed. The general entry takes place to-morrow ovoning. Wearo indebt ed to tho courtesy of the secretary (Mr. W. | McCourt) for tho above information. Catholic. — His lordship Dr. Lanigan left Goulburn on Tuesdoy to niako a tour through ' his extensive diocese. Ho loft Yass on Wed- 1 nesday, and will administer tho sacred sacrament of confirmation at Narrandora next Friday ; at 1 Urana next Sunday week; Jorilderie, Sunday, ! October 13; Hay, Sunday, October 20 ; Denili- ' qnin, Sunday, October 27 ; Tocurawall, October i 30; Alulwalla, November 1 ; Corowa, November ! 3. On RnnHriy. "NTnworribor 10, frill bloao tho eon - i vent chapel at Albury. He will proceod from there to Adelong, and give confirmation on Sunday, November 17 ; be will administer the I same sncrnmont at Turaut on November 24; at Cootamundra on December 1 ; and at Wagga Wagga on December 8. During his visit he will ' bless the foundation etonos of now churches at I Urona, Jorilderie, and Cootamundra, and he will i open tho now church at Tumut. yiiiu.'iu x uuvuastiji xuu uuuoiiuuuuiuuou free selections were taken up at tho Y'ass lands office, yesterday : — Betty Lowton, 1484 acres, soction 13, parish of Nelanglo, county of King; Alex. Baker, 50 acres, section 21, parish of Nanima, county of Alurray ; William Crossley. 40 acres, section 13, parish of Dorringullon, county of King; James Duff, 40 acres, soction 21, pnrish of Cavan, county of Cowley ; James Connell, 47 acres, section 21, pnrish of Jeir, ' county of Alurray; John Cooney, 41 acres, section 21, parish of Monton, county of King. In Insolvency. — A first meeting of creditors in the insolvent estate of George Koson, of | Geogullalong, near Burrowa, grazier, will he I held in Sydney on Wednesday, 2nd Octobor; j and a second meeting at Young, on Alonday, 14th October. William Moran, of Gronfell, j liceosed publican, intends to apply for a certifi cate of conformity on the 29th Octobor. | Bowsing Public School.— Picnic and Distri- i bution of Presents. — On Saturday lost tho children attending the above school (noarly I eighty), were treated to a day's sport and feost- j ing at a pleasant site a few hundred yards from : the township. As they marched to tho scene of pleasure, marking time to one of tlnir school songs, with fnees indicative of pleasnronblo ex citement, they prosonted en appoaranco of whioh Bowning may well bo proud. . As for your cor respondent, ho commenced thinking of tho educative tendency of picnics and similar gather ings. Hero were children whoso homes aro in the bush, and whose circle of acquaintance is extremely limited, meeting for social enjoyment, j Would it not cultivate their social instincts and i help to brush off that morbid shyness which is I so characteristic of those who have not had tho : advantage of a town education to hold these ! picnics more frequently? Ho thought it I would, but, as he does not want to write ' an essay, merely a report, he will return to the proceedings. About one o'clock tho first groat event (since designated the "first food") took place; a ring was formed, grace was said, and then tho provision boxes grew lighter at n rate which brought anxious looks to the faces cf the caterers. Next tho racing commenced— i girls' races, boys' races, and babies' races. Mr. I John Loomes, starter; Mr. Mawson, handi- coppor; Messrs. Crisp and Crossley, judges; Mr, Swan, clerk of tho course. Of course, some won nnd some didn't, but as no books were made on the matter it is unnecessary to chronicle oil the events. However, the principal winners were Miss Rosy Loomes, MaBter Alfred Loomes, Master D. Cowden, and Master B. Mawson, Four o'clock came, when another " feed " was j given, and to the great satisfaction of the . caterers there was enough ond to spare. The j children were then marched bock to the school- | room, where Mr. Pollock presented to each one a book, not as a prizo bnt as a mark < of the sympathy which the local board and ; public generally felt in the progress of the ' i school. Then followed song by tho chil- j ; dren, a few words from Mr. Mawson, ditto j from tho teacher (Mr. Swann), cheers for all j I parties concerned, God save the Queen, nnd then | home, with the unanimous verdict that a most enjoyable day had been spent. Tho funds for j the whole of the above were kindly subscribed ! by tho inhabitants of the township and surround- j ing district, a small balance left being used to ; purchase toys for the children's amusement. — 1 Coin. Administrative Arrangements.— It is notified that, with a view to the expediting of public business, the following branches of tho dopart- ' ment of the Minister for Lands havo boon trans- I 'erred to tho dopartmont of the Alinistor for Minos, under whoso supervision nnd control ill business and correspondence in connection with tho snid branches will in future bo con ducted, viz.: — (I.) Tho "Occupation of Lands Branch;" (2.) The " Roads and Streets Branch " (including tho businoss under tho Public Gntos Act), and (3.) Tho "Stock Branch." Parish Roads. — It is notified that it is deemed expedient to make tho undordosoribod parish road: — Part of road from Wombat villago reserve to the general cemetery, through William Smith Barnes's 50 acres, No. 177, parish of Wilkie, county of Harden. Plan and book of reference can bo seen at the police office, Yonng. Notwithstanding objections that have boon made, tho underdescribed road has boon con firmed :-Road from a ford of the Yass River, at Samuol Hall's 40 acres, to the south boundary of John Brown's 100 acres at a rosorvod road, being part of the road from Bowning via Waroo, to wards Yass, with a branch to a ford of tho Yass River, at the eastern corner of J. Boulding's 100 acres, C. P., parish of Waroo, county of Murray. The plan and book of reference can be seen at tho polico office, Yass. Tender Accepted. — Tho following tender has been accepted by the Government, viz.:— E, Simpson — Additions, &c.;, court- house, Young. The Australian Eleven.— The Evening News says : — The proposal of Mr. M'Kinnon to Mr, Evans to organise another Australian eleven to meet the eleven that has achieved such distinc tion on tho other sido of tho world is a bold one, and if practicable, would be a satisfactory though novol method of welcoming our distinguished representatives, who have so well upheld the honour of Australia on tho cricket fiolds of tho old country. Wo are quite sure that nothing would please them better than to vindicate once more their right to bo considered tho champions of Australia. But whethor this is possible or not, there will bo a most hearty reception ac corded to " the Australians" by tho people of Sydney. We hope that something of public cha racter will be orrangod, for thoro are thousands of people who are not particularly interested in cricket who would like to do honour to tho cricketers, for tho manner in which they havo spread tho fame of their native country. Thero . a no necessity for Sydney to go mnd, as it does occasionally in honour of the hero of tho hour, but thore are good reasons for a wall organised effort to soberly nnd deliberately record tho satisfaction of Now South Wales in tho doings of Mr. Gregory's team. A Blasphemous Bricklayer.— A case of an uncommon character came before Mr. Hunt, at the Central Police Court, on Tuosday. A young man, a bricklayer by profession, and respectably dressed, named Osraon Day, was charged with having, in Hyde Park, on Sunday afternoon, given public utterance to blasphemous and pro fane language. The blasphemy had roforenco to Christ's paternity, and was cortsinly roost foal and offensive. The prosecutor was Mr. John Woods, who deposed that the defendant, with soveral others, woro congregated in the Park on Sunday afternoon. lie was passing at tho time, and hoard the defendant uttering the most blasphemous language rolativo to tha paternity of Christ, besides the words constitut ing tho charge. He (witness) did not wish to see the defendant punished, but requested that he and his followers, together with all religious sects, should he excluded from propounding their various doctrines in the Park, nnd for this rea son ho had given the accused in charge. The defendant admitted that ho had used all tha words excepting one word, and, moreover, with that exception, conscientiously adhered to and believed all ' he had said to bo perfectly true. Day commeneod in strong ianguego, and in an excited manner, to prove tho ground of his peculiar belief, but he wob prevented from proceeding. Ho read out a list of names of persons connected with the Froe Thought Spiritualistio Progressive Sooiety. All, with one exception, refusod to bo sworn on tho Bible, only select portions of which they affirmed that they belioved in, consequently the witnesses each mado n declaration to speak truthfully. Each nnd all declared that they had not made use of tho words as stated in tho charge, hut said on receiving a tract from a preacher, "All I know of Christ is that tho Biblo tolle mo ho is tho son of a ghost." They all avorrod thot if he had made U30 of the words in question they would have heard him. The defendant's em ployer, William Koll, who affirmed that ho did not believe in tha defendant s faith, gave him an excellent chnrnctor, stating that ho hod always found him sober, truthful, honest, and industri ous. Prosecutor, being recalled, odhored to his former ovidenco that tbo word " bloody," to gether with numerous othor blasphemous asser tions concerning tho Holy Ghost, were vocifer ously uttered by the accused. In vindication of tho chnrgo the defendant procoodod todolivor an nddross, having reference to tbo assertions made use of by another park preacher, and his own refutation to tbo some, which, however, the presiding magistrate refusod farther to hear. Day thon stated that tho words mentioned by tho witnesses for the defence wero tho exact words he had given uttoranco to. Mr. Hunt considered thot tho dofendant was guilty of profanity, and ordered him to pay a fino of £5, or in default throe months' imprisonment. Notice of appeal was lodged.— Evening Neics. SEE- SAW.— FATAL ACCIDENT. — An inquest was held on Tuesday last, at the public school, Brokenback, by the coroner (Mr. T. W. Pearse, of West Maitland), on a child named Ann Lucy Blissett. From the evidence it appeared the child came out of school at the usual dinner- hour recess, and was playing at see-saw in com- pany with seven others, in front of the school. There were four children on one end of the plank, and three on the other end, including the de - ceased. The master (Mr. Fletcher) had left the playgreen at half-past twelve, and returned shortly after one o'clock, a few minutes after the accident happened. It appears the deceased fell off the board when it was elevated, on to a low stump, which struck her in the pit of the stomach, and the other two children who were on the same end with her fell on her. Dr. T. C. Howe, having heard the evidence of the pre- vious witnesses, had not the slightest doubt that death had resulted from injuries received, causing shock to the nervous system; such cases wore not of unfrequent occurrence. The jury found the deceased came by her death accidentally, and they were of opinion that no blame was uttached to any person. The jury wished the coroner to notify to Mr. Fletcher that the game of see-saw was, in their opinion, a dangerous game, and should not be allowed on the playground. Mr. Fletcher said he had never known the game to be played there before, and he would take the precaution that the game would not take place there again. — Echo. Colonial Journalism. — As a proof of the rapid strides made in tho literary world, it is worthy of uote that there are published in Victoria 151 journals ; in New South Wnles, 118 ; South Anstralio, 33 ; Tasmania, 12 ; Western Aus tralia, 3; Queensland, 43; New Zealand 96; Polynesia G; and Now Caledonia, 3 ; making a total of 47G. In Melbourne alone there ore 30. — Border Post. Fourteen claims have been taken np at at tbo auriferous quartz reef discovered at Brooks's Creek, noar Gundaroo. A large stack of hoy together with a shed con taining a large quantity of hay, machinery, &c.;, was burned to the ground last Sunday night at Dnntroon. The work is surmised to have been that of an incendiary. It is stated that two well-known mombors of Parliament have floated a company in England, with a capital of £100,000 (£50,000 odd of which is to go to tho promoters), to open up and work tho Teraba coal land near Wallsend. A collision took plnce at Newcastle harbour last Friday morniog between the stenmer Civility and the tug Prince Alfred. Both vessels wero considerably damaged. There has been a rich discovery ol coppor fourteen miles north of Adelaide. Another caso illustrative of the extraordinary tardiness with which tho Sydney LandB Ofiico conduot their corrtspondonce is the following : A gentleman, well known in Forbes, rocoivod a 'communication to this efleot " Sir, with refer ence to your letter of 13th January, 1875, &o.;, &o.;" Moro than three years and a half boforo a reply is vouchsafed ! It is reported that scab amongBt shoep in Tas mania is spreading all over the island, and that tho wholo of the Bhoop in California ore scabby. .About £4000 has been subscribed, promised, and guaranteed towards tho International Ex hibition. Tho Mayor's ball at Molbourno laBt Thursday night was an immense success. No loss than 1500 persons were present, Tho affair was a highly imposing spectaolo. Tbo drosses were uostly and brilliant. Tbo Government ore offering a reward of £200 for the opprehension of tho murderer of Sonior- sorgoant Waitings, of Wonbobbio, near Dubbo. Tho Government toko this course in view of the special naturo of tbo crimo. Wallings was a man of excellent character, and it is not im probable that, as ho lost his life in the per formance of his duty, thoy will expross their approval of his conduot in some other way. A magisterial inquiry has boon held on the body, and a vordict of wilful murdor returned against the offender. On Wodnosday last, while tho gaolor and one of the warders in the Dubbo gaol wero absent at the funeral of Senior Sorgoant Waitings, a con fines named Doan escaped through the door, but was soon ro-captured. The Royal Commission appointed to inquiro into the state of Berrima Gaol will finish their inquiry next week. The Hon. John Suthorland, Minister for Works, is still too unwoll to attond to his official duties. On last Tuesday morning tho doad body of a man was found Boating in tho Wollondilly. Its nppoaranco indicated that it had boon in tho water somo timo. Holloway's Pills. — Tho Female's Friond. — The wonderful cures effected by those pills havo alone enabled thom to withstand the keonost opposition for years. Thoy aro valued at tho humblost haarths as woll as in the houses of comfort and wealth. Holloway's Pills work a thorough purification of the whole ByBtem with out disordering, weakening, or othorwiso inter fering with tho natural action of any organ. Thoy are admitted to bo tho best restorers of appetite, Btrengtb, and porfect health to the most dolicato constitution. Thoy give colour and freshness to the faco, and by their gentle alterativo properties eradicate from tho system tho germs of complaints whioh, by tho rotontion of humours, consign tens of thousands of females annually to an early grave, who might, by tho use of these pills, bo spared to thoir families and friends. The Mind is tiie Barometer which indicates the condition of tho body. Light-heartedness ovidences a vigorous discharge of tho various physical funotions. Gloom and despondency, when not due to moral causos, are symptomatic of bodily irregularities or weakness. Diseases of the kidneys and bladder and dyspepsia, aro notoriously productive of mental depression. Remove tho causes with Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps, and tho effects will also disappear. The Great Alpine Remedy. — No sensible modioal man questions the propriety of giving a stimulant in cases whoro the stomach is torpid, tho nerves relaxed, the ciroulation languid, or thoro is general deficiency of vital power in tho syBtom. The grand object under such cir- cumstancos is to Belect a remody which will not only impart activity to the sluggish animal functions, bub permanent tono, vigour, and regularity to tho organs which perform them, Tbo colebratod Swiss cordial, known as the "Dew of tho Alp9," has, for nearly five hundred years, fulfilled this object in the mountain region from which it derives its name; and we are glad to soe that through the instrumentality of Messrs. M. Moss and Co. it has boon placed in this market. In no part of tho world is Buch a preparation moro requirod. Although modi- sinal in its effects, it is in flavour ouo of tho most delicate of aromatic liqueurs, No slieepowner can do without it.— Owners of shoep are iuformed that tho Disoasos in Sheep ! Act Amondmnnt Act of 1S7S, together with the Regulations theroundor, has boon neatly printod on tonod paper, and can bo procured at tho Courier Offico, Yass, prico ono shilling; by post ono shilling and twopence. Country storo- koepors should have copies on salo for the con venience of thoir cusbomors. — See advertise - meat. 