Mr. Creswick as Richard III. Of all the plays that Shakspeare ever Wrote, none has suffered such tomahawking at the hands of modern play, wrights and tragedians as the one under notice. In its original form it is almost unactable, not so much from its great length, but because it introduces scenes which though they are attempted on the modern stage, are ordinarily pro- vocative of more north than solemnity. The play being as a rule on after spectacular failure, has this particular cement, in its condensed condition, that it hurries the dialogue and through excisions barely leads, by means of the latter, sufficiently up to the situation. The stage character of Richard is utterly wanting in unity. Starting at the outset with the representation of a hump-backed deformed wretch who glories in his own repulsiveness, ho emerges from this chrysalis condition, before the curtain falls, as a blooming warrior of considerable personal attraction. If Stow is to be believed, King Richard was not by any means such a physical abortion as the dramatist makes him out to be. Few historians have attempted to gloss over his villanies and it is just possible, that people who had a strong dislike to him, spoke of him as ugly, hump- backed, lame of one leg, and with a withered arm, simply to show their contempt and to hand him down to posterity, through the medium of infant instruction, as a bogey of the worst kind and in the same category as Bluebeard, Giant Despair, Bloody Bones, and other ghouls, whose memories are useful to recall to naughty children. Shakspeare draws Richard as black as he well can, and gives him only one companion in the whole drama equally detestable; and that the sweet Lady Anne, who accepts the suit of her husband's murderer over the former's very corpse, and when she is presumed to be in the lowest depths of grief. We have, moreover, Richard directly implicated in no less than a dozen murders, namely, Prince Edward, Henry VI, Clarence, Rivers, Grey, Vaughan, Hastings, his two nephews, Lady Anne, his wife, and Buckingham. Modern playwrights certainly gave us a few of these, otherwise the orations of all these ghosts to Richard, as he dreams in his tent on Bosworth, would drag the piece out to such an extent that no one could sit to hear it. Mr. Creswick's acting edition does not, perhaps, differ materially from those adopted by his predecessors and con- temporaries, and it has exactly the same defects. It is at best a garbled affair from beginning to end, cut out for no especial reason which is intelligible other than to represent Richard as an inhuman brute intensely untrue to nature, and as exhibiting him in a worse light than Shakespeare himself did, by the fact of compressing all his villainies into such a small space. The chief fault to be found with Mr. Creswick is one that even the most noted tragedies have never been wholly free from. The Richard at the opening of the drama is not the Richmond at its close. In the early scene with Lady Anne, in which the knavish and hypocritical character of Richard is so I plainly laid bare, Mr. Creswick did himself justice, and perhaps more, considering that Miss Ashton was completely out of her element in the character of Lady Anne-one, by- the way, of the most difficult ever written. When, however he came to the tent scene, nothing could be much worse than the way he treated the character of the affrighted king. Upon previous occasions he has very closely drawn the line or melodrama, but in this he plunged into down- right rant, and the same thing may be said of several of his exits, which were thoroughly transpontine. The tent scene, moreover, was not by any areas mounted with Mr. Bennett's usual attention to stage effect, though, doubtless, he had not all his own way in the matter. The ghosts of Richard's victims spoke their lines behind a miserable transparency, the allegorical drawing of which baffled comprehension. The surroundings of the piece indeed, throughout, were by no means effective, and without a great amount of Stage accessories, the conclud- ing Barnes of the drama are invariably more ludicrous than anything else. No one can perhaps blame the management for this under the circumstances. If the drama were likely to draw crowded houses for six months, some considerable expense might be gone to to produce it effectively ; but to properly mount it as a spectacular drama, which it is, would involve an outlay which, in a comparatively small community of playgoers, would be simply suicidal. Taking Mr. Creswick's rendition of the character throughout, it ÍBUot one of superlative merit. It does not suit him, as the situa- tions themselves and the text he utters give him opportunities of falling into excess of declamation and strained action, to which he is, as a rule, very liable. As the unfortunate Queen Elizabeth Miss Bowring had a dismal part, and when she is dismal she is painful. Much of her rule is cut out, and the chief scene she has is where she parts from her children. The interview with Queen Margaret, which is the best part for Elizabeth, was not given. As before stated, Miss Ashton was not a success as Lady Anne. The strong declamatory part of the dialogue in which she takes part with Richard was too much for her voice. The situation, of course, is a modest one one-but the author is answerable for that. The sudden change from actual loathing to, if not actual love, at least compas- sion towards her husband's murderer and that in the face of his declaration of the fact that he did murder the King needs a good deal more subtleness to pourtray than Miss Ashton is equal to. The chopping and slaughtering of the original text gives Mr. Carey. no chance of appearing as Richmond until very nearly the last of the piece; hence what he meant to do with the character in its integrity was to a great extent left to imagination. He delivered his speech to his soldiers very well, cut now and again the doubt crossed the mind of the spectator in the dress circle whether possibly he was not a component part of Richmond's army. Messrs. Jordan, Metcalfe, Bolton, and Forbes-the last gentleman, by the way, has one of the best voices we have heard for some time acted with great pains and helped a very heavy dialogue along as well as they could be expected to do. Mr. Bartlett's rendering of the character of "Henry VI is left to the lady from the fact of its being anything but the least. The chief lines he delivers in his interview with Richard, then Earl of Gloucester, do not belong to the drama proper, as they are taken from the earlier play of Henry VI. of which that of Richard III. is a sequel. Mr. Bartlett was excellent in his clear delivery, and far more at home in the character than many others of the company who had more important parts to nil. In closing this, perhaps unfavourable notice of Richard III., it is to be understood that the piece itself is more to blame than those who endeavour to act it. In the first place, it is too heavy without considerable spectacular accessories to relieve it, and the stage version can hardly be said to do justice to the original. Shakspeare's play is to he read rather than acted, and if Mr. Creswick is to be judged by comparison with those who have preceded him by no means a good rule to adopt generally it is simply because there is none other to apply. The stage version is not true to the original and in most respects Mr. Creswick's representation, in view of this latter assertion, is no better than that of most tragedians who have taken up the part before him, while in one or two it is rather inferior. 