^-hc0oi|iuiiallG}hi;onii|!c TUE LAtJXCKSTOX HATES Tuesday, Atmnel 20ni, loTtf. It is nstniiisliinK that LnunccBton with iU many capitalists, won of pleasure and ladies who long to bcc a dramatic (icrfoniiancc, cannot boast of a theatre worthy tlie name. The old relic of for mer RrcntncBB, which is now pulled down ond luw irivrn place to an embryo Odd fellows' Unll with a frontage of shops, was in its way uscfnl and look the re proach nway from UP, however mouldy the walls and ancient its structure may have been. Now the smallest Kng lieh, nay colonial cwn can boast its ' Theatre Royal' while wo— »well we bare our churches and cliapcls, and arc happy. Even Hobart Town sees a Scott Siddons occasionally, lint we arc content with recitations, os a dramatic troupo worthy the name will not visit our town ? at least not more than once, as their best productions cannot he shown to Uic public to advantage. As a painful in stance of this, it is known to all that when the .ojw.ra./lf the Bohemian Girl was played some time ago, both at tlm Pavilion and the Mechanics' Institute, j half the scenic effects bad to bo omitted, I pimply through want ol appliances, unu LysUr's troupo left us never to re turn, if not disguslod — filial iritli dis content. Our concerts are largely pat ronised — surely the discriminating audi ences would visit a well nctnl rendition of one of Slinkos poo re's jiluyn and appreciate it. Who visit us now ? Music Hall variety troupes, ventriloquists, panoramas, and such wise, and thi-y jmll upon tlie senses eventually. IS™ the 'ghost ' retires in dif^t at tlie want of soaic kind of building wheru tlie audience will not be frozen to doath, or tile ri'i|uin»d iijijinrnlus crippled for want nl room. Companies uri* formed lo work mines, t/. ImiM lioni-us, to lend money out ut hiU'ivsl, but the liuilding of a theatre hwuk too wild a ficht'Ulc l«i cuter the heads of onr spccnlawrs ns a feasible scheme for making money. A Creswick visiting us would Uke us out individually, lint became of the Rrest w..rks to which hi- (,'ivc* a local liul.ita tion and a iianu-. llamlot (u the must learned of us is but a niinio, ut-t nu indi viduality. Claude Melnolto would lie far better in tlie flesh than in printed books. The drama keeps us en rapport with tlie events o( tlio day, the signs of the times and the developenicnt of civilisation, even as books writt.'n by progressive master-minds, but to tin1 un lettered evcu more to, for they act ns well drawn pictures wln'cli, those who aro unable to wad can understand. Throughout past ages the stage and its accessories — apart from tho innovations of ballet dancing and its concomitants, have been tbe rullox of the times, and greatly shaped and been shaped by the times thomselfCB. Dickons wroto many wnrtK. but Bleak House was unknown o thousands till -'Joe' was produced, , nd then half London Hocked to see and , iear 1 David Copperfidd dramatised i lid more than Dnvid CopiierBeld simply i n print, nnJ to this day the history of | he betrayed girl makes thousands lliink itho never thought before. It maybe u-gwl that tho drama has a demoralising tendency on tlio young, but then1 ore black sheep in every flock, Those who turn up their eyes in horror at 'Orpbc Aut Enfer,' and the 'Can Can' odroit the immortality of Shakespeare, Slieri dan, Lytton, and others who but for the drama would have been unknown to fume. There is nothing wrong in the stage il6elf— it may point a moral as well as the best good story book, and more forcibly; the danger lies in the modern licentious or pruriently sugges tive clement introduced to pander lo depraved tastes that have outlived better tilings — tlie tastes of tlie woru out dobaucbec, the timeworn libortiue. Our great dramatists, those of modem limes more refined, those of past ages out spokenly coarec, nccording to the ideas of tboir day.ncver wrote for such as these. They wrote for fame or to benefit their species. It is only tho ephemeral small if sparkling geniuses of yesterday and to-day, who live for the minute in a spuri ous popularity, and give place in a short time to others who introduce more bal let dancing, suggestive episodes, and thinly clad women, who in their turn retire for woreo than they till the Lord Chamberlain steps in, then things re form for a while. Why should not Lauucc6ton have a theatre— the popula tion is large enongh to support one, there Is as much superfluous money to be spent in pleasure as at the other side of the island, and as many pleasure seek ers. It cannot for a moment be denied that a good, theatre with proper accom modation, would prove a remunerative (VHIPi»rn in wlirtmRrmcor itob nntiytttiiy-i'-' once floated, would no dnulit pay tho shareholders, as many dramatic troupes, of a higher standing tlimi those which \ery occasionally visit us, would bo sure to take our little town in their tours, and tlie expense after tbc building was erected would be nearly nominal. Tbc speculators, and an inexpressible boon would bo conferred on the wholo public. One reproach would at least bo wiped would strongly advise that somo effort be made in view of dramatic representa tions being placed properly before the people when opportunity offers. Oun contemporary, in his issue of yester day, tells the miners of Brandy Creek that as the Minister of Lands has so munificently ordered the road through the township to be completed, albeit the subscribed funds have run out, that 'legally the Minister of Lands would have boon perfectly justified in knocking oft' the road party. Mr Brown, how ever, ascertained how far the work had progressed, and issued instructions to Mr M. Fallcy to continue and complete it, and the miners at Brandy Creek should be very well satisfied with the t'catmcut they have received from tlie Minister of Lands in this matter.' Tiiis is equivalent to telling the inhabitant* of an island tliat they ought to be con tented with growing heaps upon lieaps of exportable romuiodities, while n law exists prohibiting vessels from visiting them. Brandy Crock may lie blessed with a road half a mile long, 1ml there are thirty miles or mure between Lannceston and this im portant goldfield which are almost impassable, and there is over a mile and o half of /ibiolnto \mg from the river ere the goldfield can bo reached. The 'landing place' on the river side itself is a reproach b- a civilised community, and a large and remunerative popula tion of over GOO souls is left to shift for itself wilh almost prohibitive mining cartage by the land route, owing lo the risks attendant on a voyage tbenco lo Launceston. Kvpn a Court-house is denied lo them— mid tbe iden or a tele graph office is deemed chimerical and not worthy u thought. Tlmt tlm consideration of tlie necessity for a pro lirandy Creek is nnt neglected, wo aro prepared to inlinil, but Jwhi-n the nnis tion, after the labyrinth of iv.1 tap.* is threaded, will b' changed from merely open and In great doubt. Road trusts exist, but why should they be called upon to construct a work which nOocts the well-being of the colony at large, and is a fit subject for tbe urgent and iiunie diatc con ni deration of the (jororiunoiit, and ought lobe paid for with Govern ment funds. In this mallei' those who sit in high places have an interest. The Tasmania reef is no fiction of the brain, but a lasting remunerative fact. The alluvial ground may be in time worked out, but tho Colonial Secretary's sneer in reply to the Brandy Urcck road deputation, on the 27th May last, has been amply slid thoroughly refilled, that it was a question whether tho reefs discovered would bo permanent or not. No one will deny it is a crude fact, that Ghccp aro depastured, and live aud breed on laud which embisomi the wealth of a thousand Uothsthilds, and yet to enable sheep to live lie colony is hold hack, lift)' years and more, bo bind the century. Ono gonlcuian cx clniuicd, on a recent occa'ion, that ' he would rather sei sheep than a mining populatuu,' and this feeling is too prevaloit. Apart from the cpiestiuu tbat niners re presenting a large proportion of tho community should have a vu'ce iu the Councils of the liiiliun, it mist bn ap parent to all that roads b goldficlds ought to !-'? among the first considera tions of Sliui»tt!rs. The v«cc uf d'' people would be with thorn, and if the subject bi! indefinitely postpoicd to meet the viows of some who woult drag Tas mania down— oven below Iur present low level— tlio colonists vill rise in righteous indignation, and compel a recognition of their rights from those who would withhold thorn. Mr Douglas observed iu the House of A'-emW.V that tborewus.no aristocracy in Tasmania. Everyone camo to inako money. Fol lowing this argument mt everyone i« coual, and ought to have s fair chance. There, is a would-be aristocracy who would keep tlio country dmn to scrte their own purposes if the people would permit thorn to do so, but tho people who make the colony, who give it its vigour and life, should stand up lor their own interests, and compel the n1 cognilion of the sentiment of 'J live and lot live.' ? . Malicious Dauaoi tj 1'nomiTv.— In our list i--lK' wo referred to the malicious destruction of Ills plate glass windows in the store ol C.ptain Tulloch in Si. John stree', on Ss'urJay niRht. or ?drly i-n Suudnv morninj. It appoara .hat similar demruction «a* carried on iy-temalirally lliatninhlbysomecnwardly rcoundrcl as yet undisc.ov.-rod, who brike \- number ol' pinrs of Rials in the offices .t Mr D. llitchie's steam Sour mill, and burled a stone through the window of Mr Henry Eitchic's dining room in William street. Wo sinoiroly Iron that these idiolic depredators may kJ diicovrred brought to justice, and severely punished Laokceston Chobal Society. — Ul members of tho Choral Societv aro n quested to attend at iho Ton-n Hall st « o'clock this evcmni: for full rehearsal of the opera ' Li S mrjimbula. ' Toe NoimiEBN Coubsiko Club Melting.— This important event i:omes off at Etfifld to-morrow, nnd the honorary secretary, Mr W. D. Landalo, noiiQVs that a aiort will be made from the lowu sbip of Uiihopsbourne at 9.90 u in. ?harp The homes used by tho steward, only will be allowed on the ground. No ?In^ri but those entorod fir cntnpetitiou will beallowcdon the ground. Mr William Lsmion will provide luncheon and otbei refreshments. In ndditinnto the ordinary trains a special train will le.vo B,.h.;o« Umrne s^lion for Launeont*n at G.30 p.m, aid all dog* (-nrnpeting wi'l lie taken at «inp- rate. It the wealhiT re msintdrr mid clear the attendance at the meet will bo very lar^e, and the day's sport exceptionally eood. Atteuptbd Suicide —With roTorenec tonpiraripliintheC/ironiVfc of yc.ter day under the nbov.' helling, we ha been requested by Mr Wilson to s ate ih»tlm»ifedid not attempt to eotumit suicide. The paragraph wu» furniilii-il by one o! our reporli-rM on tho authority of statements made in hii hearinc by oni- of Mr \\\'il«on'« neighbors to Con stable Eddio, who was oa duly in Wei lincton street at the timo tlm fraeai oc curred. We «re now mlurnji'd tliat tlio statements thus made were malicious and untrue. AcciDEM1.— A man rained Patrick Fitzjerald, r«idine at Erandale, wa« received at tho hospital on Sunday even ing suffering I rum revere burns caused by fallinc into tho fire while he was in a (If, Tk»h.'—- -r-l— W-'«-^»' THE BENCH AND THE BAR. — His Honor the Chief Justice, Sir Francis Smith, accompanied by several lady members I if bis family, Mr R. I-. Adam*, eio!icitor.G'incral, and Afr George llrowno, Jud^c'a Associate, srrived here by express train from Hobart Ti»n yes ti'rday, and Ihey oeoupv suites of apirt ments at the Urisbinc Hotel. received the ninth anuual report or I lie Mutual Li'e Association ol' Au-tnilu.u. presented nt the annual meeting »)f cnt'tn hers hi'ld in the Kichanae, 6ydncyt tm tlio lO'.li iu-i. Tlio diroctorB repirl a |)rori|icrL'U* Vt'Br, lujfiin^Ke liar ing In-cn do tic producing new annual prctmuius to theauiounlnl £17,0 IS 17a H. Iu Tai mauia thin society has issued 31 policies iusurine the sum ot £i)rJt»O, and they bsvc five endowment policies rrprcseniini: £6'K-. Tin- loUl p.ilui ts c.fih.-«.-..c!v lion numbor 41SI5, insuring tIl,37S 323 7a 101. Tticai.nu.l premium income is £17,201, the annum' interest on iuvit menti stand, at £5i)i8, so that Iho toul yeirly incftue of thi1* society 8trio;itiUi (?) t'6'i.lrt). T.ie exiien-C) ol' miniBera.n , m^KKj^e'rTnm'im.0' Mr'SIo.' R. 'lj ',l'il tbo Liuunceilon aeentol till ?* society. KlCiDKi's DllIDOl!. — Mr Ginnt, writing on Iho Hth instant to MrUorrio from tlio Frome Ilivor claim, says ihnt Krushku's old bridge was carried away during tho late floods, and t'io dchnx swopt aiainst tho new bridge, which would doubtless have boon destroyed if the resi. dulita had not cloarod it away with roties and thus relieved the pressure. Abscokdino Seamss. —The barqu Gem, which was to have sailed early this week, will be detained, owinj to the ab sconding of four of the seamen on Satur day night. They left the ship that night, and have not returned since, J liuir reason for absconding is probably through tho glowing accounts roccived from the 4Mih Dbowhep at Rishon Febby.— MrH.Hihon, Coroner, beld an inqu'sl on Saturday at the Dement Ian, Uiedon, the if-rrarysaji, on the bodyofAlei found drowned on Thursday evening William Scott deposed that bot'i lie mid Mr T. 0. Jennings. O.i tlio evening of Iho 15th inttant Mrs Jennings instructed vi itnoss end decra-cd to lake tlie paddles out ol the boat and to moor it. lloceaieJ wrnt Inwards the jetty with a viowlo at tending to the boat, while witoesB pro ceeded in the direction of the wcndlieap. Shonli nfwrwardi witness heard a sound us if somo one bad fallen into ihe walor. A search was made for the deca-rd, but praiine unsuccessful, the nuor- baililT, Mr AstiKood, wa- communicated wilh, and wilh Ii:b son camu immedistely, aud quarlcr polt nine o'clock, upfrnMBof so hour after he was missed. Mrs Jenuinils eavo similar testimony. Dr. iditlor de dosed tu having made a post-mortem examination of the body of tuc deceased, There wero no marks of eilen.nl injurj other thsn a smoll superficial wouad over the loft eyohrjw, and the countenance presented tho usual appcarauce of a person whose death had been Caused by drowning. Aaron Anhwood, Water bailiff Hlidon, deposed to having coa- ttructed an appliance for dragging the river, and witti which he succeeded in discovering the bod; ol the deceased about oioe o'clock on Thursday evening. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased met his death by accidentally falling into Iho river Derwent tchilst in the act of mooring abosL Don Julisn de Zutueta, marquis of Me. who died recently in Cuba worth 2U,OJ0,0 0dols, ii supposed to have im ported fioin Africa during his life-time not losi 100,000 slaves, Victobiak HilLwAVS.— Wo have to thank tbe Hon. John Woods, Commis sioner of llailwayi, and VicePreaident of lbs Board of Lau I and Works, Victoria, for & copy oTbiB rcporc on tlis rftil*'-jr'* 01 that colony for tbe year 1877. Tbe report is a moat elaborate one, illustrated by valuable ahd iogenious dioerams, sivinK rail™y™iti!iTe™lland al.o illustratioK tbo standard systems of locomotives, carriage*, breaks, &c.; The four rsllway eircuted map, and tbere are also plan«, th ..ring the propoao.l new railway slations a' Melbourne. Wo havn not, ss yet, hsd timoto poruw tbo ruport carefully, but slisll tale, an early opportunity ol referring lo it again. Ahotuku Sudiien Uk»tu.— On Sun day, between 12 and 1 p.m., a man wan fouud deail, tbo Mercury sayB, in an oul hou«o of tho Hit or Mils publio-hotlle, Argyle and Livf-rpool- streets. His namo was Henry Shaw, his a^e about 45, and he hsd formerly been erapUyod at tho Dublic-house. MrC. Bezjtlc, tho l»nd ord gave inforraalion to the. police, and Ualectivo Connor, with two other constables, proceeded to tho spot. Dr. llineham Crowlhcr's attendance was ] procured : lio foand lint tlio man had boon dead some timo, and directed tho removal of the boty to tho morgue at the boapital, pondine an inquest. DJITO OF A JOOKKAII.T.— W. M. Akhursl journalist and dramatist, !ia-i succumbed lo the fell tyrant death. He was on bis roturn lo iho colonies from London, wliithir ab.rat seven years ng) he Drocarded with a view of betterine liis futire. His connection with the Mel bourne Press was of vory loni! BtandujB. Ilia narao havine for many vonr« ueen identified with tho Morning Ueraii, for which he was dramatic crilic aid sub editor. In the former capacity it may be doubted whether he ever bad bis P«er in iherolonics. His first attempt at writnm forth,, .two was made in 1854, when he vrote for the Royal, then under the nsjiaecmont of Mr John Black, a bur e.quo eltravaganzi, entitled Harlequin Rule of Three, wbich was a pronounced ,ucces- Ho followed it with another, .milled the Mirror of Beauty, and From that out a Christmas entertainment was never considered complete unleBu his osmo appeared ou Ihe bills, either as tho wriler of a burlesque, or in adaptor aud loealiser. Ho made bis grealest bit in an original spectacular burlesque entitled the Sieu* of Troy, which had ihe lonfioit run of any-pieco of tin- kind ever pro duced at the Riyai. Hh place on the colonial slaec has never boon tilled, and many a one has looked forward to his re turn with a clBdaomo memory ol the hours wiled «way by the plsy ol hia fanciful pen and the !progony ol his wit. He wa«. 1'ke most of bis craft, a man uf eeuial habits, and there is no doubt at one time might havclalicna IhrIi pvi:ion iu llie colonial Press. Ai a writer on Hnglish and conlinenlsl subjects he had iu bis day probably one peer onle. Qcrild Supple, now Isniiuiihiug in Pentridg^. Uelesfiawileaudsroan up family all well provided for. * 