THERE can be no question of the fact that the Victorian police force has lost much of the prestige which hitherto it enjoyed, by the signal failure that has attended all its efforts at capturing the quartette of ruffians for some weeks past running riot in the North-eastern portion of the colony. It is very naturally looked upon as something monstrous, that four youngsters should be able not only to set the law openly at defiance, for so long a period as has elapsed since the date of the murder at Woods' Point (??), but actually to come into the centre of a township within a few miles of the head-quarters of their pursuers, and in broad daylight carry away the whole establishment of a centrally-situated place of business. Such an audacious proceeding is, we venture to say, unprecedented in the history of the colony ; and the whole account of the affair reads more like a narrative of the doings of Italian bandits, in a country where highway robbery has assumed almost the extent and importance of a legitimate calling, than a matter-of-fact recital of events that have taken place in a country under British rule, where for many years life and property have been as safe as in the quietest village in England. No wonder that people should begin to ask for what purpose the police force is maintained. It is true that the police in their search for the KELLY gang have had many difficulties to encounter. The country to be traversed was rough, scrubby, and mountainous ; a strange as well as a difficult country to the pursuers, but perfectly familiar to the pursued. The locality is also thickly populated by friends and relations of the gang, always ready to supply the desperadoes with food and ammuni- tion, and with what is still more valuable, prompt and reliable information concerning the doings of the constables. But after making every allowance for the disadvantages under which the police labored from the causes stated, it is still impossible to avoid the conclusion that the efficiency of the Victorian force — its value as the protector of life and property in the country districts — is infinitely less than had previously been supposed. In justice to a body of men who individually we believe are not wanting in pluck or energy, it should be stated that the long run enjoyed by the KELLYS is evidently the result of a want of proper system and organisation, for which the heads of the department and not the troopers themselves are responsible. In the first place, it is notorious that when the police were sent out they were not supplied with sufficient arms for their own protection ; and the only wonder is, considering the almost defenceless condition in which the first parties took the field, that the bushrangers did not arrest them, in place of their arresting the bushrangers. But then, again, it appears that even after this deficiency was made good, many of the constables would have been useless had it come to an exchange of bullets with the KELLYS. Owing, it is to be presumed, to mistaken ideas of economy, the constables have not been allowed to practice with firearms, so that in an encounter with the bushrangers, who are good marksmen, the police must inevitably have come off second best. In these facts alone it appears to us there is abundant evidence of the utter absence of that system and organisa- tion — that state of readiness to meet a con- tingency that might at any moment arise — the maintenance of which constitutes the prin- cipal raison d'etre of an expensive army of mounted police at all. And if any further proof were required of the incapacity at head- quarters it might be found in the circum- stances connected with the Euroa Bank rob- berry. Weeks before the outrage took place it was commonly rumored that an attempt of the kind would be made on some bank, and yet we find that the township of Euroa — in com- mon, probably, with other townships right in the heart of the district where the bushrangers rule supreme — was left under the protection of one solitary constable. It may be said that the probability of an attempt to stick up a bank in broad daylight must have seemed too remote to render precautionary measures neces- sary ; but in the face of the rumor referred to every township in the district should have been properly protected, and had the least pains been taken in this respect there is no doubt that the attempt would never have been made. The wages of an extra constable or two has therefore in this instance been saved at a cost of not less than many thousands of pounds. But it is unnecessary to multiply evidences of the want of proper system and management at the head-quarters of the Victorian police force. From first to last the action taken re the Kelly gang has been nothing but a miserable exhibition of incompetence and bungling, the discredit of which could hardly now be removed even by the capture of the four offenders who have so long set the law at defiance. Their arrest, however, will scarcely be effected until some better plan of operations has been decided upon. The Victorian Government has done well in increasing the reward offered for the leader of the gang, and also in giving the Commissioner of Police carte blanche so far as expense is concerned. The next thing is for the local police officers also to be entrusted with discretionary powers, both as regard the expenditure of money and the disposal of the men under their command, as the capture or the destruction of the gang is more likely to be effected by the individual exertions of some half-dozen members of the force, anxious to distinguish themselves personally and to wipe out the stain cast upon the police as a body, than by large bodies of troopers gallop- ping here, there, and everywhere at the bidding of the Commissioner or his deputy, in the same purposeless manner as heretofore. ======================================= As the Albury Municipal Council in general, and the members of the Public Works Committee in particular, have been the subject of a rather unjustifiable attack, on account of certain alleged misdeeds in connection with the Macaulay-street drains, it may be as well that the ratepayers should know the facts of the matter. Without going unnecessarily into minute details, which do not affect the point at issue, the circumstances of the case may be stated briefly as follows :— A short time since a letter was addressed to the Council by Mr. PLUMMER, stating that a cer- tain drain recently cut by the Municipal authorities had had the effect of diverting water on to his property, and thus caused him considerable injury. This complaint was referred in the regular course to the Public Works Committee, who, after due investigation, reported that Mr. PLUMMER had no grounds for the statement he had made. Mr. PLUMMER replied to this intimation by sending a very intemperately-worded letter, in which he insinuated that one of the members of the Public Works Committee had been actuated by unworthy motives — considerations of personal interest — in the preparation of the report, and that he had influenced the rest of the committee. This letter, containing as it did an imputation as grave as it was unwarranted upon the character of one of their body, the Municipal Council very properly declined to consider. A local journal then comes to the rescue, and the ratepayers are given to understand that Mr. PLUMMER is a martyr, that the position of the Council in the business " is not at all creditable ; " and that for the sacrifice of PLUMMER and the general de- moralisation of the aldermen, GULSON — the wire- puller of the Public Works Committee — is directly responsible. The immediate cause of this oracular deliverance was, as we have stated, the refusal of the Council to consider Mr. PLUMMER'S letter. Now, there can be no doubt that the Council acted with perfect propriety in rejecting without comment a communication reflecting upon the personal character of one of the aldermen ; and Mr. PLUMMER, therefore, even supposing that he had been hardly dealt by in the matter of the drain, would have had only himself to thank for the failure of his very ill-advised attempt at obtaining redress. The MAYOR, however, determined to satisfy himself as to whether there was really any foundation for Mr. PLUMMER'S lamentations, and he accordingly instructed the Town Surveyor to visit the ground, take the levels, and report generally on the matter. These instructions were duly carried out, and the Surveyor's report, together with a plan of the area referred to, was laid on the table at the last regular meeting of the Council on Wednesday. From the information thus obtained it is evident that Mr. PLUMMER would not have the slightest claim on the Council, even if the whole of his buildings had been swept away by the inundation he complains of, as the flooding of his land is the result of his own act. It appears that adjoining Mr. PLUMMER'S property is a municipal reserve. On this reserve is a bank of clay peculiarly valuable for brickmaking purposes. As a matter of strict right Mr. PLUMMER should not have touched this clay, as it was not his, but belonged to the Council. There was also another reason why, in this case, he should have respected the municipal property. The bank of clay in question formed a natural protection to Mr. PLUMMER'S land from a lagoon on the other side of the bank ; and when the bank was cut down, the water came in. Hence the complaint. Hence the demand for compensation for an injury actually caused by Mr. PLUMMER'S unlawful interference with a muni- cipal reserve. In placing this affair before the public in its true light, we have no intention of following the example of our contemporary by unduly glorifying one party to the dispute at the expense of the other party. We do not desire to make out the MAYOR, Alderman GULSON, or any other member of the local body as an infallible being ; nor is it our pur- pose to prove Mr. PLUMMER a very ob- jectionable party. On the contrary, we fully admit that the Borough Council often make blunders, and that Mr. PLUMMER, in his capacity of private citizen, is an intelli- gent and eminently respectable person. We contend, however, that in the matter forming the subject of the present remarks, the local authorities are in the right, Mr. PLUMMER in the wrong ; and that the attempt of our con- temporary to establish the converse of this proposition, and to prove Mr. PLUMMER a kind of municipal martyr, was as utterly un- called for as it has been altogether unsuccessful. ======================================== THERE is one subject in connection with the recent visit of the Australian team of cricketers that demands a few words at our hands ; and that is a matter referred to by Mr. CONWAY, when he expressed the hope that one result of the visit of the Eleven to Albury would be the speedy vesting of the cricket ground in the committee of the Border Cricket Club. The suggestion of Mr. CONWAY was the outcome of his own personal observation, and appears to us a very valuably one. Coming away hun- dreds of miles from the metropolis, he was surprised to find so excellent and well-kept a field for practice ; and his astonishment was not lessened upon his ascertaining that the Club, who had at so much pains and expense brought the ground to its present state of per- fection, had practically no control over a single square yard of the area. He at once saw that this was not a proper state of things, and the fact which struck him as a stranger directly he came into the town will no doubt be equally apparent to the townspeople themselves now that it has been brought under their notice. There can, indeed, be no two opinions on the point. But for the money directly contributed by the members of the Club and money obtained from the public by the exertions of the members, the cricket ground, instead of being, as it is, probably the best to be found in any provincial town in the colony, would still remain in its primeval condition of rough- ness — more fit for cricketing purposes than a newly-ploughed field. And it is clearly no more than reasonable that the Club at whose cost the land has been redeemed from its original state, and is constantly maintained in first-class order, should have entire control over the area. This is, indeed, obviously necessary, as without such complete authority they have no means of protecting the property, buildings, and fences from injury, or of maintaining order and decency on the ground by the ex- clusion, if required, of improper and objec- tionable characters. ====================================== DURING the past week another case in which, as it appears to us, there has been a most un- warrantable application of the Court of Inquiry system, was brought under our notice. Having frequently pointed out the manifest injustice of calling in question the title to land the declaration on which had been accepted before the 1875 Act came into force, and having cited many glaring instances of the wrong effected in this way, we should hardly deem it necessary to furnish a further example, were it not that the latest instance referred to presents certain peculiar features making it a case of exceptional hardship. It appears that in 1871 certain land at Mahonga was conditionally purchased by a Mr. COLLINS. In due course, the conditions having been complied with, the declaration was made in 1874. A few months since the land was sold by the original selector to a new settler in the district, who naturally enough took it for granted — the declaration having long since been accepted — that the title was indisputable. In order, however, to make doubly sure that all was right, the new comer, before completing the purchase, made application to the Lands Department, inquir- ing whether everything was en regle. He re- ceived a reply in the affirmative, and thus assured completed the transaction and took possession. Hardly, however, had he moved on to the land when he received an official intimation that the fulfilment of conditions was to form the subject of investigation at the next Court of Inquiry. The extraordinary part of the business is that this procedure is stated to be the result of information laid by the runholder so far back as April last, so that the Department must have been well aware the inquiry was pending at the time when the new purchaser made his application to the Department and received the reply, on the faith of which he purchased. Of the many striking evidences we have from time to time cited of the utter rottenness of the system of administration that obtains in the Lands Department, this, in its peculiar way, is perhaps the most abominable. ==================================== THE political affairs of the colony appear to be fast drifting into a condition which can only be described as the very essence of " muddle " and incomprehensibility. Resi- dents of the metropolis, able to command a peep behind the curtain, may perchance be in a position to forecast the ultimate result of all the confusion, but to people in the country districts the task is a difficult one. In the first place, we have the FARNELL Ministry, on a Land Bill to the main principles of which a large number of the Opposition members were committed long ago, defeated by a majority of two to one, although Ministers pointed out that the only features of the Bill which were considered objectionable could be modified in committee. We have then an appeal to Ministers to retain office, which under the circumstances they very properly declined. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON next appears upon the scene, and failing lamentably in his efforts to construct a Cabinet, retires in a not very dignified fit of peevishness. Mr. FARNELL and his colleagues are then requested by the Governor to carry on the business of the country, and, reluctantly accepting the responsibility, are at once met with a vote of censure and defeated by the same hon. members who only a few days before had almost insisted upon their retention of office. The only inference to be drawn from this tangled skein of events is that the FARNELL Ministry have been treated very shabbily, and that, thanks to the retirement of Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, the star of Sir HENRY PARKES is about to rise in the political firma- ment, and shine with even greater brilliancy than of old. ======================================= THE HARRINGTON DEFENCE FUND.— We have to acknowledge receipt of 10s. from Mr. A. Craw- ford, Urangeline, for this fund. STOCK CROSSINGS.—On Friday 33 fat sheep and 9 fat cattle crossed the Murray on their way from the Beechworth market to Albury. SALE OF SHEEP.— At the sale of sheep advertised to take place at Bowna on Wednesday, 100 fat wethers were disposed of at 7s. 1d. per head. THE ALBURY GAOL.— By the last issue of the Government Gazette we learn that the contract for the works at the Albury Gaol has been let to Messrs. Alkemade and Dixon. JURY LIST REVISION COURT.— The adjourned sitting of the annual Revision Court took place on Tuesday last. The magistrates in attendance were Captain Brownrigg, P.M., and Mr. Mudge, J.P. A CORRECTION.— The sum of £2 2s. acknowledged by the Treasurer of the Albury Hospital last week was received from Mr. Emerson, not from Messrs. Cornwall and Mixner. CRICKET AT GERMANTON.— A match that came off at Ten-mile Creek on Saturday between the local players and a team from Little Billabong, resulted in a one-innings defeat for Germanton. CROWN LAND SALES.— The advertised sale of Crown lands in the parishes of Comer and Jergyle, on Wednesday last, fell through. Not a single bid was made for any of the lots, which were ac- cordingly all withdrawn. WODONGA CEMETERY.— Mr. John Heriot and Mr. W. C. M'Farlane have been appointed trus- tees of the land set apart for cemetery purposes at Wodonga, in lieu of Mr. R. King, who has left the district, and Mr. A. M'Kay, deceased. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN AT BALLARAT.— The match between the Australian Eleven and Twenty- two of Ballarat ended in favor of the Eleven. The scores were :— Ballarat, 1st innings, 104 ; 2nd innings, 25 ; total 129. Australian Eleven, 1st innings, 124 ; 2nd innings, 154 ; total 278. MR. SUPERINTENDENT SINGLETON.— We regret to learn that Mr. Singleton, Superintendent of Police in this district, who, is now absent on leave in Sydney, has been dangerously ill — so ill, indeed, that one day last week his life was almost despaired of. DEATH OF THE PRINCESS ALICE.— St. Matthew's church will be draped with black to-morrow, Sunday, 22nd inst., that being the day on which Her Majesty's subjects are invited to go into mourning in token of their sympathy with the Queen in her great affliction. THE WEATHER.—The heat for some days past has been very oppressive. Yesterday the thermometer stood at over 100° in the shade, and a hot wind was blowing during the greater part of the day. A slight thunderstorm that passed over the town in the afternoon somewhat reduced the temperature. THE KELLY GANG. — Information reached Albury yesterday afternoon that telegraphic com- munication on the Victorian railway line was again interrupted. The interruption may have been caused by the thunderstorm that occurred in the afternoon, but on the other hand it is not im- possible that the Kelly gang have been again at work on the wires. A NUISANCE ON THE COMMON.— We have re- ceived several complaints with reference to a nuisance on the permanent common, in the shape of a dead bullock which is lying in the creek near the pound yards. The herdsman, or other proper officer, ought to take prompt steps to burn the carcase, which in its present stage of decom- position gives forth a most abominable and pesti- lential odour. THE LATE FIRE AT COROWA.— An inquest was held on Wednesday last by Captain Brownrigg, District Coroner, at the Royal Hotel, Corowa, upon the late fire that took place at the premises of Mr. H. G. Oeding, when several stacks of hay were destroyed. After a lengthy investigation the jury found that the stacks had been mali- ciously set on fire, but by whom there was not sufficient evidence to show. A RUNAWAY CATTLE TRUCK.— While some cattle were being trucked at North Wagga a few days ago, one of the trucks, containing eight bullocks, got adrift at the top of the incline near the yards. It travelled (says the Express) along the line for some distance at a smart pace, and ultimately came into collision with a trolly, which it smashed to pieces. This had the effect of bringing the truck to a standstill, and fortunately no other damage was done. THE MANSFIELD MURDERS.— The principal townships along the North-Eastern line of railway have been each garrisoned with a small detach- ment of the Artillery Corps. A special train with the men arrived at Wodonga on Sunday evening, dropping parties at the several stations en route. The members of the Artillery Corps will be con- fined strictly to military duty, principally in pro- tecting the banks, &c.;, and the police will thus be left more at liberty to prosecute the search for the Kelly gang. ACCIDENT TO MR. THOMAS HARRINGTON.— We regret to learn that a serious accident happened on Monday last to Mr. Thomas Harrington, of the Yanko, whilst he was riding into Wagga Wagga from Urana. Mr. Harrington, it appears, was about twenty-two miles from Wagga Wagga when his horse fell, throwing the rider heavily. Mr. Harrington, who it is feared has sustained severe internal injuries, was taken to the Cross Roads, and thence subsequently removed into Wagga, where, under the care of Dr. O'Connor, he is now progressing as favorably as could be expected. WODONGA LICENSING COURT.— At this court, on Monday last, the following applicants appeared to prefer applications for publicans' licenses :— Messrs. Bambrick, Ryan, Reidy, Stevens, Lewis, W. C. M'Farlane, J. O'Callaghan, J. Woodland, Mrs. A Weeks, Mrs. C. Hughes, and Mrs. Matilda Pyke. The applications were all granted. The application of John Jennings was refused, the applicant not being in attendance, and the house being unfurnished. The application of Mrs. Armstrong to remove her license from one house to another in a different locality was also refused. ESTATE OF MAURICE BUSH.—Another meeting in the insolvent estate of Maurice Bush, of Quat Quatta, farmer, was held before the District Com- missioner on Tuesday. Mr. Emerson appeared for the insolvent, Mr. Bradley for the Bank of Victoria. The principal business dealt with was that of considering whether the insolvent should be permitted to retain his personal effects — cloth- ing &c.; Mr. Bradley said he had been instructed to oppose the granting of any indulgence of the kind. The conduct of the estate was left in the hands of the official assignee, and the meeting closed. JUROR'S FEES.— The following is a copy of the table of fees lately agreed to by the Executive Council for the remuneration of jurors :— If resid- ing within eight miles of the town where the court is held, per diem, 5s. ; if above eight miles, per diem, 10s. ; if more than three days on the same panel, an additional sum (for the fourth and every subsequent day) of 5s. ; if continously on the same trial, in any civil case, for more than three days, such further sum, if any, as the presiding Judge shall direct under 15 Vic., No. 3, s. 2\. Bystanders sworn on any trial, 5s. ; travelling expenses for every mile of distance from the town, one way, 1s. ******* WODONGA ANNUAL RACES.—This meeting, which takes place on Boxing Day. bids fair to be one of the most successful yet held under the auspices of the club. The various privileges in coimectioft with the meeting were sold by auction on Tuesday, aud realised as follows :—No. 1 booth, Mr. Jauies Bambrick, £!(i; No. 2 booth, Mr. Morton, ill ; general entry, settling, &c.;, Mr. James Batnbiick, £2 ; grand sland, Mr. Lenson, .£4 5s. ; gate, Mr. P. Rvan, £12 ; fruit stall and right of cards, Mr. While, £1 7s. Gd. ; rignt or grazing and timber, Messrs. M'Coruiack and Reidv, £12—total, .£59 2s. Gd. THE SYDNEY TRADE—As instances of the manner in which Sydney merchants are pushing trade, in the heart of what hitherto has been the enemy's camp, we may mention that Mr. Alexander Ross, of Kinross, Ten-mile Creek, has recently obtained a quantity of supplies by rail from Sydney houses. The firm of M'Carthy and Ross, ot Kerarbury, whose transactions hitherto have been exclusively with Melbourne, have done the same. We also hear that a large quantity of household furniture has been sent from Sydney by rail to the order of an Albury resident. WOOL-CROSSINGS.—Yambla 33 bales, JC over H 7, FM over SVY 9, M'A and Co. 30, A. Ross 24, K 15, Round Hill over AIA 76, Yarra Yarra 104, RBLN 40, Egan Creek 8, Henne 2, B. Lyne 20, T. Byrne 26, SB over Ten-mile Creek 77, TR over Doodle Cooma 18, THM over Brown Springs 1, Huinula 19, B. Flinn over Mountain Creek 17, TP 5, WICR 26, AN 5, AA 3, HO over AA 1, Edghill 7 8, Hawksvicw 18, JJW 119, HO 39, Wyalong 77, R. W. Knolles 1, Cul over Thugga 8, FC over Thugga 2, WJL 17, CW over H 1, Mittagong 42, V over SL 1, BX 25, J. Bell 19, J. Bell 19, J. Keogh 42, Krueger 1, G over RP 24, DPKO 37, Lyne 17. ESTATE OK JAMES FERGUSON.—At the Insolvency Court, Wangaratta, on Monday last, before Judge Skinner, an examination meeting was held in the estate of James Ferguson, of Wodonga. Mr. Emerson appeared for Mrs. L..M. Burke, the petitioning creditor*.Mr. Blackmorc for the insolvent. Mr. Emerson stated that owing to the prolonged illness of a Melbourne witness named Anthoness, on whose account a postponement had been granted on the 12th November, he (Mr. Emerson) would again have to apply for a postponement pf the meeting; and be produced an affidavit in corroboration of the fact of Anthoness's inability to attend. His Honor postponed the meeting until the 13th February. RECOVERY OF THE BODY OF MR. COLEMAN.— Some five months ago a horse carrying a saddle, but no rider, ioilnd its way into the yard of an hotel at Wagga. The horse was recognised as the property of Mr. Coleman, of Young, who. it was believed, must have been drowned whilst endeavouring to cross the river. Beyond, however, the fact that Mr. Coleman was missed, nothing positive was known concerning the manner of his death until Sunday last, when, as we learn from the Wagga papers, the mystery was cleared up. On tbe day named a skeleton was found in the river, and from certain portions of clothiug and a gold watch found on the remains, it was evident that the skeleton was that of the missing man. WODONGA POLICE COURT.—At thi6 court, on Monday, before the police magistrate and Messrs. Huon and Street, the following cases were dcilt with :—A number of persons were summoned for shire rates, and ordered to pay the amounts claimed. A man named Babbington was proceeded against for a breach of the compulsory clause of the Education Act by neglecting to send his two children to school. The bench imposed a line of 10s. in each case. W. Ryan v. C. Bark Sing ; claim for £S 10s. for work and labor done ; verdict for amount claimed aud costs. W. C. M'Farlane appealed against the assessinen t of his property by the Shire Council. Mr. Woodland, the shire secretary, appeared in support of the valuation. After'a lengthy examination of appellant and of the Council's officer, a verdict was returned for appellant, the valuation being reduced from £91 to £80. THE JINDERA RESERVOIR.—A letter was received at the beginning of the present week from Mr. George Day, M.P., enclosing the following official reply to the petition presented by him praying for the construction of a reservoir at Jindera:—" Department of Lands, Syduev, 10th December, 1876. Sir,—With reference "to the memorial presented by you on the 14th of February last from the residents of the village of Jindera, for the sum of £600 to be placed on Estimates for the purpose of excavating a tank or reservoir for the supply of tbe village, I am directed to inform you that on the report of the local Surveyor, the Minister for Lands has approved of £700 being placed on the Supplementary Estimates for 1879 for the purpose abovementioned.—I have the honor to be, Sir your obedient servant, W. W. STEPHEN. GEO! DAY, Esq., M.P." On receipt of this communication a meeting was held at Haberecht's Hotel of tbe Jindera Progress Committee, Mr. Humphreys in the chair. The seoretary. Mr. F. Baker, was instructed to write to MC. Day, thanking him on behalf of the local residents for bis exertions on behalf of Jindera. THE CONCERT OF SACRED MUSIC.—WO may remind our readers that the concert of sacred music in connection with St. Matthew's Church takes place on tbe evening of Christmas Day, and from the very careful drilling undergone by the ladies and gcntlemeu taking part in the concerted music, and the well- known ability of those to whom the solos have been entrusted, the affair cannot fail of being a pronounced success from a musical point of view. We hope, and have everv reason to believe, that it will be equally successful in other respects. The programme will include the organ solo " Silver Trumpets ;" cborue, '•Oh! Father, whose almighty power ;" recitative and air, " Arm, Ann, ye brave ;" chorus, " We come in bright array ;" trio, " See tbe conquering hero comes ;" air, "Consider the lilies ;" solo and chorus, " Praise ye the Lord." The remainder of the first part of the concert includes choice selections from " Eli" and "Slabat Mater." The second part opens with a chorus, " Ivyric Eleison," and comprises morccau <•• from the hos works of Handel, Mendelssohn, &c.;, &c.;, concluding with the always welcome Hallelujah chorus. ALBUBY BOROUGH COUNCIL.—A lengthy meeting of this body was held on Wednesday evening, the proceedings at which are reported elsewhere. The idea of erecting a new telegraph office adjoining the post office will, it appears, have to he abandoned, the Lands Department having intimated that there is not sufficient ground for the purposes of a telegraph office at the place in question. Mr. Day now recommends the Council to apply lor a special grant of £2000 in lieu of the site of the old telegraph office, which the council had hoped to obtain as compensation for the area ceded to the Government lor the police barricks. This suggestion the council determined to act upon, and in the event of the application proving unsuccessful, the matter will be brought directly under the noticc of the Legislative Assembly. The claims of the council, we need hardly say, are indisputable. In the first place, a distinct promise of the site of the lock-up was made by the then Premier at the date when the land for the police buildings was given up. This promise has been ratified and confirmed by half-a-dozen Ministers since then ; and as a matter of the merest fairplay and justice, it is evident that the land promised, or its equivalent in money, must be handed over. The lock-up site will probably not be granted, and the chances of the present telegraph office being given in exchange appear equally remote ; consequently, the only thing now to be done is to get the cash. THE CONVENT SCHOOLS.—The annual examinations of the children attending the various schools connected with the Convent of Mercy in Olive- street were conducted at the beginning of the present week, by the Very Rev. Dr. M'Alroy. St. Bridget's school was examined on Monday, in the presencs of a good muster of parents and friends of the children, who appeared to be highly pleased with the result of the examination. The subjects in which the knowledge of the pupils was tested included all that is essential in the elements of a good plain serviceable education. English grammar, reading, writing, arithmetic, and geography had evidently all received a fair share of attention ; and the proficiency displayed in each of these several branches showed that the pupils bad enjoyed the benefit of very efficient training, and had not failed to profit thereby. On Tuesday the pupils at the Convent hoarding school, and the day scholars attending St. Joseph's School, were examined, with an equally satisfactory result The course of education here, however, comprises somewhat higher branches, including music, drawing, foreign' languages, &c.; The attainments of tbe pupils in these matters were highly creditable, and the specimens of drawing, fancy needlework, &c.;, called forth the warmest praise from the visitors. At the close of tbe examination in each school a large number of prizes were distributed, the distribution being prefaced by a few kindly words of exhortation and encouragement to the pupils by Dr. M'Alroy. The proceedings wcie pleasantly varied at intervals by selections of vocal and instrumental music, aud by the introduction of several little dramatic sketches' the parts in which were represented by the children in a manner evincing no little histrionic ability. Altogether the affair passed off in the pleasantest way possible for the visitors, and it appeared to be equally enjoyed by the children, whose progress during the year certainly reflects the greatest credit on the Sisters of Mercy. LECTURE AT THE EXCHANGE THEATRE.—On Thursday evening the Rev. Duncan Eraser delivered a lecture at the Exchange Theatre on " The three Wonders—tbe Telephone, the Microphone, and the Phonograph." The rev. lecturer, in an easy and popular manner, proceeded to explain the principles of acoustics and electricity, or we should perhaps rather say of electrical science as applied to the purposes of acoustics. By way of illustrating the mode in \vhich sound is transmitted by and through the air, be referred to the couceniric rings caused by the splash of a stone thrown into water, and lie showed that concentric spheres were causcd in air in a precisely similar manner by the disturbance of sound. He then went on to 'show how these sounds entered the ear and were communicated to the brain ; and after referring to the different conditions of hearing, he showed how that faculty was assisted by the telephone, which was both a receiver and transmitter of sound. The microphone, on the other hand, was a transmitter onlv, Scientific men had made the not altogether vain boast that they had succeeded in making dumb men speak; aud they then undertook to make the inanimate iron speak ; aud in this also they had succeeded. The speaker next touched upon the corelation existing between acoustics and electricity. The vibrations of sound were translated into the electrical currents that corresponded to them. These currents undulated, as did also the vibrations, and in travelling from one instrument to the other they affected the instrument to which the proceeded in precisely tho same mode as the transmitting instrument had been affected. The rate at which the vibrations travelled was about thirteen miles a minute, but as thia rate of speed was far below tho ideas and requirements of modern scientists, the vibrations were harnessed to the lightning, and away they went with the speed ot thought to the distant telephone. Iu describing the microphone the lecturer expluiued how the smallest sound was magnified by electricity, and then sent along the wire. Tue next Mart of the lecture dealt with the phonograph, latelv invented by Professor Edison ; and the speaker was very successful in his attempt to explain in a simple and intelligible manner the peculiarities of this wonderful instrument, and the points iu which it differed from those previously described. The lecture was illustrated by experiments showing the mode of operating with cach instrument, and was of a highly interesting character throughout. YACKANDANDAII LICENSING COURT.—Before Mr. W. H. Foster, Stipendary Magistrate, and Messrs G. Reid, and A. Galbraitli, licensing magistrates, the following obtained renewals ot publican's licenses :—J. Bardslcv, 1?. Leonard, J. M. Cole, James Martin, John Beggs, J. Law-son, S. M'Intosb, Anuc Dennis, Anne Robertson, J. C. Robinson, P. Devlin, James M'Carthy, D. M'Leod, Seymour Smith, James Doivn, ana John Quirk, Mr. M'lutye, a wine license. Thomas Jordan was granted a license for the Star Hotel; also an extension of same to the race course for the 26th and 27th inst. SANDY CREEK.—A correspondent writes as follows :—" The weather lately has been oppressively hot and sultry ; so much 60 that the water in the creek is drying up rapidly, and miners are complaining of being retarded in their operations through its scarcity. In mining the prospects of the creek arc better ; more gold is being obtained, j and more men are employed than has been for many years past. There are some men employed iu quartz-reefing, but what they are doing or what their prospects are I really do not know ; all I do know is tnat if they are doing anything, thev are very quiet about it. There is very little farming on the creek proper, though most of the miners are selectors. Most of their holdings are, however, situated on the Mitta. Farmers are now employed haymaking. I am sorry to relate that the coming harvest does not promise to be a good one; the late very dry weather has ripened the crops too quickly, and rust, too, is very Prevalent. A meeting of selectors, convened by the Mitta Free Selectors' Association, was held at Mr. John Quirk's on Saturday, the 7th. Through the absence of the secretary, the meeting had to be adjourned till Saturday, the 14th. We are going to have our amusements during the festive season. Our hotelkeeper, Mr. Briddon with his usual spirit of liberality has announced his intention of holding athletic sports on New Year's Dav, with a ball in the evening. As the district is famous lor its production of muscular Christianity, and the prizes are of a liberal character, a good day's sport is anticipated. Our cricket club is veiy strong this year, and if they only practice will be able to send out a team that will be hard to beat." A JACK- OF-ALL-TRADES.—A curious combina tion of trades or callings appears to be followed I)}' a person at Jerilderic, who thus announces through the medium of the local paper his various avocations :— " Who is this man ?" the stranger said, Ah ! that's the man to go ahead, He makes us such delightful bread j Or if you want a horse to hire The style he keeps you would admire, Board and lodging at his command, And an accommodation paddock close at hand l'coplc lie will find with situation, Also milk, butter, and eggs, For the population. 'Tis true he is a man of great renown For horse breaking, the best that's in the town! ALBURY POLICE COORT.—At this court, on Tuesday, Edward Clarke, summoned on a charge of neglecting to comply with an order of the court for payment of a sum of money, seated that lie had no means of paying. The defendant was bound over to appear on Friday. Yesterday, before the police magistrate, the following cases were dealt with:—James King, charged with being drunk, usiug bad language, and tearing a constable's uniform, was sentenced to pay fines amounting in all to £2 17s.; in default, fourteen day's imprisonment. Ah Ping v. Clarke ; defendant was summoned for £15 lis. 8d., lor wages. Ah Goon v. Clarke; this was a similar case to the last, the amount claimed, however, being £11 7s. 4d. Defendant did not ajtpeir, and judgment was given for the amount claimed in cach case. Ah Yan v. Clarke ; this was another wages case. Plaintiff claimed £1G Os. 8d.; judgment for amount claimed. In llie adjourned cases ot Milne v. Clarke, plaintill' did not appear, and the case was struck out. ALBURY PATIENTS IN THE BHECHWORTH HOS riTAL.—At the last meeting ot the Committee of the Ovens District Hospital, Mr. Lyon, oueof the members, objected to patients being admitted from the Albury district, on the ground that they belonged to another colony, and seeing that they passed by another hospital on their way to this. Mr. Cunningham said that if Mr. Lyon, lived in Beechworth and signed papers for admission for patients, he would know something more about admitting patients coming from distent localities. Mr. Crawford said that though some were admitted into the Ovens District Hospital from Albury, they were more thau counterbalanced by those received into the Albury institution from Bethauga and other Victorian towns. Mr. Ingram thought that, no matter where they came from, patients were entitled to receive benefits from the Ovens District Hospital, providing that the case was deserving. Mr. Warren was satisfied from reading reports in the Albury papers that fully five were admitted from the Victorian side of the Murray into the Albuiy Hospital to one from the S 8 New South Wales side into the Ovens District Hospital. With reference to the above discussion we feel bound to point out that the remar Mr. Warren and Mr. Crawford were justified by the facts of the case. A very little election, in deed, will satisfy the most casual observer that ii must be so. In nineteen instances out of twenty the patient in any case of accident is taken, as a matter of course, to tho nearest hospital; and Albury, being exactly on the Border line of the two colonies, comes in for an enormously large proportion of the accidents occurring on both sides of the river. WODONGA CODNTv COURT.—At this court, on Wednesday, before his Honor Judge Skinner, the following cases were dealt with :—J no. Buck' nell v. II. Herrenschmidt; claim for £G5 lis. 8d for work and labor done ; Mr. Emerson for plaintiff; verdict for plaintiff, with costs. William Nippers v. William Waldron.—This was an action to recover the sum of £25 damages for injury caused to a mare belonging to plaintiff by its leing kicked by a vicious horse, the property of defendant Mr. Emerson for the plaintill'. William Nippers, the plaintiff, gave evidencl to the effect that on the 18th August his mare was feeding at his hut door, when defendant's horse came up and kicked the mare, breaking her leg ; the mare had to be shot; witness claimed £1G, the value of the mare, and £9 for the loss of a foal, the marc being in foal to a blood horse. James Clarke deposed to having seen defendant's horse kick plaintiff's mare; the plaintiff's mare was feeding, and the horse came up to the box ; the mare made a bite at the horse, and the horse then turned round and kicked her; the horse was quiet one. Defendant's statement was to the cJVect that he had not been present oil the occasion when the kicking took place, but tliat the horse was a quiet one. The ury of four who tried the case found for the " plaintiff, damages £12. Geo. Billson v. J. C, Forster.—This was an action to recover £7 10s. goods sold and delivered ; no appearance of de l'endant; verdict lor plaintill - . Edward Smith v Adam Elliot.—This was an action to recover £250 damages for slander. Mr. Emerson for the plain tiff; Mr. F. Brown for the defendant. The evi dence of the plaintiff was to the following effect —Witness was a butcher, living at Bethanga ; on 30th September witness saw defendant iu Huggius's shop at Bethanga, where witness was employed ; defendant said, " Charlie Huggins, Ted Smith is a b thief, ab rogue, and a b scoundrel, which I can prove by White Harry, and I will not let you have any more cattle whilst he is iu your employ ;" witness had had a disagreement before this with defendant; defendant had been kicking a drunken man and witness interfered. William Stanley, bookkeeper in the employ of Mr. Huggins, gave evidence corroborating the testimony of plaintifi, and stated that the impression he received from defendant's words was that plaintiff had committed some dishonest action ; some customers were present when defendant used the words complained of, Saml. Nelson and Thomas Jewell also gave* similar testimony. This was the case for the plaintiff. For the defence, Adam Elliot, the defendant, gave evidence to the cft'ect that on the occasion of the row referred to plaintiff had been the aggressor, and that he (defendant) had not called plaintiff H a thief," but only " a rogue," and that this had only been in the excitement of passion, after witness had been struck bv plaintiff. The defendant's account ot the affair was corroborated by John Slio.-t. Counsel on b >th sides having addressed the jury, the Judge summed up, and the jurv found a ver diet for the defendant. William Wright v. ''Geo Filmer; claim for £2 7.*., goods sold and delivered. Mr. Tliorold for plaintifi'. A set-off was nut in by the defendant for bags alleged to have been returned by him to the plaintiff. Plaintiff denied having received any bags from defendant. Isabella Filmer, wife of" defendant, deposed to having given the bags in question to plaintiff about three years asio. Verdict for plaintiff. A, H. Emerson v. Phillis Stead ; claim for £5 5s., professional costs; verdict for plaintiff. This concluded the business, and the Court adjourned. CRICKET ON THE UPPER MURRAY.—A cricket match between the Cudgewa and Corryong clubs took place on Saturday last at Corrvoug. The Cudgewa team were the first to lake the wickets, and succeeded in putting together a score of 77 before they were finally disposed of'. The Corryong men then went in, but only managed to score 51\. The Cudgewa eleven in their second innings made 42, thus bringing their total scorc to 119. This left the opposite side 69 to get to win, a number they did not succeed in making; nnd so the Cudgewa club remained the victors of the day. The following are the full scores :—Cudgewa.—First innings : A lluhne, b J. Hansen, 8; J. Sharp, b D. Evans, 5 ; J. Thorburn, c A. Lainond, b D. Evans, 1 ; W. Wright, b D. Evans, 0; J. Land, b J. Hansen, 25 ; A. Land, b Williams, 12 ; Joseph Land, b J. Hansen, 0 ; Briggs, c James, b J. Hansen, 2 ; Turner, c Lainond, b T. Hansen, 15 ; Ward, c Tomlius b M'Farland 2 ; Whitehead, not out, 0; sundries, 7—total, 77. Second innings : Whitehead, b J. Hansen 0 ; Hulme, c Williams, b James 0 ; Sharp, thrown out 0 ; Turner, b J. Hansen 5 ; J. Land, b J. Hausen 8 ; A. Land, b J. Hansen 4 ; Wright, c Waters, b James 1 ; Thorburn, b J. Hansen 4 ; Ward, b James 0 ; Brigg6, not out 0 ; Joseph Land, b James 8 ; sundries, 12—total, 42. Corryong.—First inuings : M'Farland, c and b J. Land 0 ; J. Hansen, c Ward, b J. Laud 9 ; Waters, b J. Laud 0 ; T. Hansen, b J. Land 11 ; Tomlius, c Wright, b A. Land 1 ; Jauies, b J. Land 8; Lamond, b J. Land 6 ; Bell, b Turner 2 ; Williams, b J. Laud 2 ; Neddy, not out 0 ; Evaus, b Turner 1; sundries, 5—total, 61. Second innings : Toinline, c Hulme, b J. Laud 0 ; Neddy, b J. Land 3; M'Farland, c Sharp, b A. Land 1 ; J. Hansen, b Turner 13 ; James, c and b J. Land 0; Waters, b Turner 3 ; Bell, c Share, b A. Laud 4 ; Lamond, c Wright, b Turner 2 ; Willliams, c b J. Laud 1; Evaus. not out 2; sundries. 38. YACKANDANDAH POLICE COURT.—At this court the following cases were disposed of:—Patrick Carroll v. James Martin.—This was a charge ' peijury ; Mr. Tuthill appeared for the prosecu lion, and applied lor a postponement of the case on the ground that an important witness was absent. The case was postponed until tho 6th January. Sullivan v. Peacock.—Defendant in this case was charged with committing a breach of the peace. The plaintiff deposed that he had been standing in the doorway of his house, when the defendant came up and accused her ot letting pig out; some further altercation occurred, in liich witness was struck. After hearing the evidence the bench held that the charge had not been substantiated, and dismissed the case. Jonathan Kelly v. J. M. Russell.—Defendant WOB summoned for threatening plaintiff, who was assisting the police. Plaintiff deposed: I am a miner, living'at Twist's Creek ; Constable Hayes came up on the 5th inst. to levy a distress ; he asked me to go with him to Russell's place ; I wished Russell to pay the money, and was speaking to his mate, George Walker, who was in the hut; Walker said he had nothing to do with it; prisoner said he would " do for " me, and lie held out a pistol; I called the constable's attention to this, and he took the pistol from defendant; I am afraid he will do me some bodily harm ; he lives about 300 3'ards from me. Constable Hayes deposed : I went to executc a distress warrant on the prisoner ; I asked Kelly to come with me ; I read the'warrant to prisoner, who said he had no property ; Kelly said prisoner had some boxes in the creek; Walker, who was in the hut, claimed the boxes as his ; after styne words with regard to the payment of the money, I heard Kelly say, " He has not got a sixpence;" prisoner said, Clear out from here, you old ; look what \- have got;" I looked up and saw the pistol ; I said, " Drop that," and he did so ; I took the pistol and looked at it; it was not loaded. The case wosfdismissed. Mn. BARBOUR'S VOTE ON THE LAND BILL. The Pastoral Times, au avowed and uucompro mising advocate of the interests of the great pastoral lessees, has the following with regard to Mr. Barbour's vote upon the Land Bill:—"Only a little time ago we were told that Mr. Barbour would fight to the bitter end to obtain the whole of the land for the free selectors. " Down with squattocracy "—this was the election cry. What do we hear now I Can it be really so, or is it some new delusion 1 The report goes on to state that Mr. Barbour said " that a policy of reconciliation and permanent settlement was now called for; that we had kept the old track too long, and unless we struck out upon another path we. should only blunder on from one difficulty to another, until the land had passed out of the hands of the State without'procuring settlement." Is the truth of the fact that we have so often insisted on just beginning to dawn on the opposite party ? Do they at last see that to ensure peace t'ul settlement justice muBt be dealt out even handed ; that those who have been the pioneers of civilization, by whose exertions in reclaiming the desert they have made the land what it is; that these have rights and a just claim on all generations to come, exertions that have made the land worth fighting for. Mr. Barbour was attacked froni both sides of the House for hi6 want of consistency. Whatever has led him into the course he has taken, he has displayed a large amount of courage in so openly declaring his convictions ; nor do wc see that he is far wrong, for, had mutual rights been respected, very little trouble would have arisen in settling population on the land. Let Mr. Barbour defend his present position himself with tbe selectors ; but as far as we can see, he has taken a step in the right direction by advocating coucilatory measures." CHARGE OF LARCENY.—At the polic court, on Saturday, John Britton was charged with larceny Constable Brown deposed : 1 a ires ted the priso ner on the charge ol : stealing certain moneys, a gold ring, &c.;, the property of John Meldrum I arrested and brought him to the lock-up; . produce a five-shilling piece that was handed to me by Luke Gulsou, landlord of the Turk's Head Hotel. Jane if eld rum deposed : I am a married woman, residing in Albury ;* I saw prisoner last Thursday iu my house ; after he left I missed a sovereign, a gold keeper, lour shillings, a five shuling-piece, a half-crown, two threepenny bits, and a sixpence ; the crown piece had a " big head" on one side of it; the coin produced is the same ; the prisoner saw me take some money out of the box in which the articles stolen were kept; when I missed the money I went over to the prisoner aud charged him with taking it; he 6aid ic knew nothing about it. To prisoner: There were four other men in my place, but they were not sitting near where the box was ; I saw you borrow a shilling from your master ; I was not drunk. Luke Gulsou deposed : 1 am landlord of the Turk's Head Hotel; prisoner lives in a back cutting in Ebden-street, along with a pieman named Tay ; the prisoner changed a five-shilling piece at my place on Thursday night; this coin was identified on Friday morning by Mrs. Meldrum as her property. Constable Brown, recalled, deposed: On the way to the lock-up prisoner said he got the five-shilling piece from " Smith, the butcher." The prisoner was committed for trial at the next court of Quarter Sessions. CATTLE-STEALING IN THE ADELONG DISTRICT. In Sydney on Monday last, detective Lyons, assisted by Camphin, captured two men who are believed to have committed an extensive robbery of cattle. It appears that some days ago a mob of about 40 cattle was missed irom the Adelong station, which is owned by Mr. Charles Darby Bardwell, of Oberne, near Tarcutta. Last Friday week Mr. Butler, the superintendent, saw them safe in the paddock, where they were over 63 head in all, and on the following Monday he missed about 40 of them. The fences then were all up as if nothing had happened, but on searching around Mr. Butler came upon a bullock belonging to the mob about seven miles away from the paddock and in the direction of Coot&mundra.; Following this clue he ascertained that some station cattle bad been sent along the line from Cootamundra, and he at once proceeded to Sydney and communicated with the detectives, ana the result was that the cattle were eventually found at HomebuBh with the station brand BX on them, with tho numbers on the shoulders, no attempt at obliteration having been made. They had beeu, it was discovered, consigned to Messrs. Harrison, Jones, aud Devlin. The detectives named experienced some considerable difficulty in finding any claimants for the cattle, and of course had to act cautiously to prevent the men slipping through their hands. Detcctive Lyons at last hit upon a ruse which had tho desired effect. Mr. Devlin went about the saleyards with au open book in bis hand inquiring for the owners of a particular brand of cattle. From behind a fence a man, who gave his name as John Larkins, a Cornier, came up, and said he was the owner; and detective Lyons informed him he was a detective officer, and asked if he could satisfactorily account for the possession of the cattle, and he replied in the affirmative, producing a free pass which had been issued to travel with cattle. Detective Lyons then arrested him. There was another man in company with him, who tried to slink away when he saw how things were going, but detective Camphin had his eye upon him, and challenged him with having been with Larkius, upon which he said that Larkins had engaged him atCootamundratohelp him with the cattle. He also was arrested, Rave his name as John Brown, and described himself as a horse-breaker. The chatge on which the two men were arrested was that of having stolen 39 head of cattle, the property of Charles Darby Bardwell. They were brought up at the Central Police Court on Monday and remanded until Thursday. VBBULAH HOUSE LADIES SCHOOL.—'The annual examination of the pupils at Miss Moody's school, Kiewa-strcet, took place yesterday afternoon. The proficiency of the young ladies in the several branches of study—English, French, German, music &c.;—was considered highly satisfactory; aud the samples of their skill in drawing and mapping especially, called forth the warmest expressions of praise from the ladies and gentlemen present at the examination. The prizes which were many, and valuable, were distributed by the Rev. A. I). Acocks who addressed a few well chosen words of advice and encouragement to the recipients. THE DUVALLI TROUPE.—This company perform at Albury, at the Exchange Theatre, this evening. COSTS IN MATRIMONIAL CAUSES.—The following is the text of the new Act to amend the law as to costs in matrimonial causes:—Be it enacted by the Queen's MM Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly of New South Wales in Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same as followB:—1. So much of the forty-first section of the " Matrimonial Causes Act" thirty-sixth Victoria number nine as provides that there shall be no appeal on the subject of costs only is hereby repealed. 2. The provisions relating to appeals contained in the fifth section of the said Act shall from and after the passing of this Act apply to any decree or order made by a single Judge respecting costs only but no security shall be required in appeals as to costs merely. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere, and those which arc not of sufficient importance to require particular mention:—Mr. Mark Solomon, of the Beehive Stores, publishes a new price list of goods for sale at his establishment^ and points out that the great reductions indicated have been made in honor of the visit of the Aus? tralian cricketers; Mr. Gulson, of the Turk's Head, announces a programme of sports for New Year's Day ; Messrs. 0. J. Moore and Co. will hold a sale of Japanese fancy goods on Tuesday next; Mr. Butterworth, ot Hay, announces an important land sale at Hay on Friday next; two meetings will be held at Gerogery to-day—one for the framing of rules for the management of the common, the other to decide upon taking steps to secure police protection ; Mr. Lankestcr announces that the famed Ettamogah wines may be obtained at the vineyard; Mr. Conisbee cautions all persons against trespassing on Bonegilla; Mr. Daley, of Mullengandra, has 1000 ewes for sale ; Mr. C. Crouch offers a farm of 200 acres for sale nt Bungowannah ; the stewards of the Tunibarumba Races on Thursday, publish their full programme ; early in Fcbruarv Messrs. F. and A. Piggin will submit to auction'the Hawthorne Estate or 2022 acres, with sheep, cattle, horses, &c.; Mr. Miller, of the Criterion Hotel, Germanton, publishes a good programme of sports for Boxing Day; the Wodonga Shire Council invite tenders for works ; a brown mare has strayed from Goombargana; Mr. Bond has Lincoln rams and ewes for sale; Messrs. 0. J. Moore and Co. have fat wethers for sale; the " Live and Let Live " store at Bowna is for sale ; sports will be held at Jerra Jerra on New Year's Day; Mr. M'Cartin advertises choice Christmas beef, &c.; Mr. North will hold a sale of jewellery on Monday ; races will be held at the Eight-mile on New Year's Day; persons are cautioned againBt disturbing cattle at Bethanga; Messrs. W. B. Wragge and Co. request payment of account* ; a sale under distraint for rent will be held on Monday ; a sheriff's sale of mining plant is advertised to take place next Saturday at the Flagstaff. Bethauga; on Saturday, 18th January, Mr. Steel will hold a sale of town property; insurers are warned against using gasoline; Mr. Cattlin calls attention to his large new assortment of jewellery and fancy goods ; Mr. R. Guest offers £10 reward. for information leading to conviction' of the person who stole a black mare from Jindera, AMENDED SCALE OP BAILIFF'S FEES.—Acting under the authority of the 42nd clnusc of the District Oourt Acts, the Government have athorised an amended scale of bailiff's fees, which, if not disallowed by either branch of the Legislature will become law within one month alter they have been presented to Parliament. The schedule of fees has just been published, and iBas follows : —I, For the service of every summons or subpoena within the city of Sydney, Gd.; 2, for the Borvico of every sutnmous or subpoena in the J Sydney district, outside the boundary of the city of Sydney, for every mile beyond such boundary, an additional Cd.; 3, for the scrvico of everv summons or subpoona in any other district, for evory mile, Is.; 4, for keeping possession under a writ of " FL fa," each day, 7s.; 5, for making levy when the sum levied for shall not exceed ,£20, 6s.; 6, for making levy when the sum levied for shall exceed £20, the like sum for the first J£20, and for every pouud over that sum, 3d.; 7, for executing every writ against the person 6s.; 8, for executing every writ of " Habere " in ejectmeut, 7s.; 9, for mileage in execution of any writ, per mile, 1B. Mileage to be reckoned one way only, and any fraction of a mile to be reckoned as a mile. THE WAGGA BRIDGE COMPANY AND THE WIDOW.—There can be no doubt (says the Express) that the Bridge pikeman is an exemplary servant of an equally exemplary company. No tale o! hardship or suffering can move him from the strict routine of duty. His watchword is "Twopence or no thoroughfare." Doubtless he experiences far more sorrow than any of the mourners when a funeral passes his door, because he is debarred from the sweet satisfaction of taking toll. A. mailcoach must be a perfect bug-bear, and Sunday a day of agony instead of rest, to him. An almost incredible Btory reached us last evening with reference to his strict regard to duty, and the company's pence. Many of our readers will remember an accident which occurred on therail way line near Albury about two months ago, by which a man named Geoige Wilson wasseirously inj uredandadinitted to the Albury Hospital where he subsequently died. He had come from the railway works at Orange, where he left his wife. On hearing of the accident, Mrs. Wilson at once set out for Albury in a spring cart, taking her family with her. On the road she was informed by a mate of her husband of the latter's death. She continued on her way, managing to subsist by selling her small property, piece by piece; but by the time she reached Wagga, everything she could part with was gone, and her children were absolutely in want of food. Arrived at the bridge, the usual toll was demanded. She told her story to the bridgeman, who nevertheless would not let her pass. She then appealed to be permitted to walk over, leaving the cart on the north side, in order to beg food for her children. But unless the twopence was paid, this was denied. Soon after a man who was passing in a cart kindly took her up, and brought her into the town. The tollman was of course only doing his duty, but we rather fancy that if, without neglecting that duty in the least, he had lent the unfortunate woman twopence from his own funds he would have found the loan stand him in good stead when he reaches that toll- bar, about which, if he be a regular church-goer he must have often heard. To GET RID OF ANTS.—A correspondent at Jindera writes :—" Having heard a good many people complaining of the ant nuisance, and having suffered in my own residence considerable annoyance from the inroads of these insects, 1 Bubmit the details of a method which in my own case at any rate proved effectual, and which I have no doubt will be equally serviceable in other instances. The plan is simply as follows—Procure a tin dish, and sink it in the ground, cither in the aut-bed or in the track most used by the insects, so that the edges of the dish are just on a level with or slightly below the surface of the soil. On the bottom of the dish sprinkle a handful of finely eifted ashes, and you nave then complete a trap which will not fail to destroy the enemy by thousands." The theory of the affair seems to be that the ants arc bound to explore this cavity placed in their midst; that they get in with the greatest case, but that they are unable to get out, the fine ashes strewn on the bottom clogging their feet in such a way as to prevent them climbing up the smooth sides of the dish— a task which under ordinary circumstances would present no difficulty to an ant of average perseverance and agility. LIGHT BREAD.—Whenever a letter or a paragraph appears in the public newspapers on the subject of bread, the bakers immediately lor a short time give full weight, but in proportion as the excitement dies out, the loaf becomes " small and beautifully less." The beauty, however, is only perceptible to the baker. Last week we took a loaf hap hazard and had it weighed in a scale that could register to an eighth of an ounce. The loaf was scarcely lib. 14oz. or 2oz. short. Now, a family ot six healthy children with their parents and a nurse girl will consume at least four 2lb. loaves per day, and il' you take 2oz. off each of these, that is just 6oz. or equal to a loss of a quarter of a loaf, or a whole loaf in four days. In a year that would amount to a loss of .91 small loaves, or a sum at 3d. per loaf of £1 2s. 9d. per year. SNAKES.—Rather a formidable snake of the tiger species was killed at the Grampians on Wednesday (says the P. C. News) by Mr. Thomas Simpson, who exercises supervision over the pipe-track. The reptile was four feet ten inches in length, aud when killed forty-one young ones, the largest of which was eight inches in length, were all dislodged from its stomach. The youngsters were all exceedingly lively, but were captured one by one and preserved in a bottle of spirits. The presence of the snake was first announced by the hens, who created a disturbance such as they do when a hawk is in the vicinity. On Mr. Simp- Bon proceeding to the door the reptile was discovered within two yards of the house, and was quickly despatched. A SOLITARY PURSUER.— The Gippsland Mercury writes:—One of our able-bodied 1 young men, who is perhaps the best bushman, best shot and best horseman that Gippsland owns, has gone on his own account to try and get a shot at the Kellys. If he is only as fortunate in his attempt as he has been often in wild-bull hunting, we may yet hear of his claiming the reward, as well as of performing a service to the country of his birth. MINING AT ADELONG.—Mining matters in the Adelong district are improving, as will be seen from the following letter from the Warden's Clerk, Adelong, to the Under-Secretary for Mines, Sydney, dated the 7th in3tant:—" Sir,—I have the honor to inform you that there is a revival on the reefs in this gold-field^ and seven fresh claims have beeu taken up during the week. One claim, the old company's reef, which has been abandoned about four years, has been taken up under the Mining Act, and the new company have struck gold. The stone they think will go 10 oz. to the ton. Messrs. Trudgeon and White, applicants for prospecting aid, have come upon a reef which will go it is expected 10 oz. to the ton, and plenty of it. Other claims find as they go deeper far better stone. There is more activity in the district, and everything in mining looks brighter." IIILLSTON.—A correspondent writes :—In the Police Court, the other day, Charles Woodbridge, on remand, was charged with cattle stealing. The evidence is too lengthy to state, it is sufficient to mention that it established prisoner's innocence, and he was accordingly discharged. Woodbridge was then charged, on three counts, with slaughtering without a license. Two cases were proved, and he was fined £20. He was then charged with having, on three different occasions, in his possession the carcases of beasts reasonably supposed to be stolen. The police withdrew one charge, the other two are remanded. This prosecuting of Woodbridge appears to me to be very much like persecuting. He is remanded twice without any evidence to show that a crime had been committed, and, at the instance of the olice, is refused bail, on what grounds has not Eeen stated. The Sub-Inspector of Police, Mr. Baker, must be aware that there was not sufficient evidence to commit him, or why does he instruct his subordinates to summon Woodbridge for slaughtering each beast without a license, and also having in his possession (again for each beast) a carcase reasonably supposed to be stolen. The prisoner is first apprehended without any proof that a crime has been committed; the police bring three charges of cattle stealing against him, but fail most lamentably in substantiating cither, and then before his trial summon him on tvro separate charges for each beast. Why not summon him at first ? Why apprehend him at all ? And, when apprehended, why refuse bail ? It If these questions arc not satisfactorily answered, then a most gross injustice has been perpretrated, and the liberty of the subject has been sacrificed to the ignorance or spite of the police. « RIVER TRAFFIC.—The Riverine Herald writes: —" The end of the season in which the traffic upon the rivers is possible is now fast looming into more distinctness. The Murray, though still 19ft. above summer level, is falling rapidly at the rate of nearly 6in. per diem. The wool discharged at the wharves from July to November, both months being inclusive, is now over 60,000 bales, which, at an average value of £22 10s. per bale, represents £1,350,000 worth of wool for fire months' water carriage, independent of the lucrative general merchandise, timber, skins, hides, tallow and other branches of trade. The total number of bales of wool received at the wharf during 1877 amounted to 52,000 bales, so that this season the supply for five months has exceeded that for 12 months last year. Of course this result is chiefly accountable to the better clip of this shearing just past, and the good river maintained. The Deniliquin and Moama Railway Company have also carried large quantities of wool, and we are informed they have passed into Victoria as mmyps 8000 bales in one month." THE CHINESE DIFFICULTY.—An anti-Chinese demonstration on a large scale took place last week in Sydney, the leading spirits in the affair being the members of the Political Reform League. After several inflammatory speeches the following petition to Parliament was adopted :— " To the Honorable the Speaker and Members of the Legislative Assembly ol New South Wales, in Parliament assembled : The humble petition of citizens of Sydney, in public meeting assembled, under the auspices of the Political Reform Union and kindred societies, respectfully showetb, —That your petitioners view with alarm and dismay the present unrestricted admission of Chinese into this colony, which threatens to perniciously affect the material interests of the working classes, and to degrade the moral, social, and physical status of this community. Your petitioners have reason to apprehend that the introduction of Chinese in large numbers, accompanied by their mean and demoralising habits of life, would be fraught with much danger to the prospects of the risinggeneration in business pursuits, seriously imperil the nurity and virtue of native-born Australians by their irregular propensities and corrupt associations, and tend generally to deteriorate our jositiou as colonists and descendants of European i>irth aud extraction. Your petitioners deferentially submit that, as this continent has been primarily settled by people of Anglo-Saxon and Celtic race, it behoves us V) keep it from the contaminating and polluting influence of Mongolian immigration. Your petitioners hope that your honorable House will be pleased to take the premises into early consideration, and in your wisdom devise means of averting the evils feared by your petitioners from the influx ot aliens BO repugnant to our civilization. And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray. It was at first suggested that the whole meeting, sonic 12,000 Btrong, should proceed to the doors of the Legislative Chamber, but this idea was abandoned in favour of a motion for sending half-a-dozen delegates only with the memorial. THE BALLOON ASCENT.—Three weeks ago Mr. L'Estrange essayed to ascend in his "aurora" parachute balloon, but failed, as it was then said, from the insufficiency and bad quality of the gas. Determined to make another attempt, he announced that he would ascend at Belmore Park, also that every arrangements had been made with the Gas Company to have the balloon fully inflated, the cause of the insufficiency of gas on the last occasion having been discovered. The process of inflation was commenced early on the day fixed, a large gas pipe having been laid down direct from the gasometer, Bituated about 200 yards from the spot. Towards 4 o'clock, at which time the balloon was nearly full, great numbers flocked to the park, those in possession of their tickets for the last occasion being admitted. A number of police was on the ground, under the superintendence of Sub-inspector Rush, who had a very hard task in keeping the crowd back a reasonable distance. The Volunteer Fire Brigade were also in attendance, and did good service. Between 5 and 6 o'clock preparations were mado for hitching on the car. At this 6tage a crowd of excited larrikin*, and others urged forward to an extent that baffled the efforts of the police. The rcronaut intended allowing two men to accompany him, but seeing that the balloon did not possess enough buoyancy to carry more than one, he alone seated himself in the basket, and after the balloon had been taken to one end of the ground the order was given to let go. To the palpable astonishment ol everybody, Mr. L'Estrange included, the balloon did not ascend beyond a few feet, when it went in a southern direction, the car just skimming the ground, but before it was allowed to collide against the fence several persons held on to the car, bringing the balloon to a standstill. A quantity of ballast was then dispensed with, and the balloon again let go with somewhat better success. The balloon shot almost straight up at a rapid rate, amidst the cheering of the excited spectators, all thinking that a real upward journey had commenced. On reaching a height perhaps 150 feet, it sailed away towards the south, the balloonist being busily engaged in throwing out handbills and waving his hat. The balloon again began to descend, and everyone expected to see the car dashed against a balcony, but the balloon on nearing it, again mounted upwards, and carried the car over the roof. It then continued on a short distance, at a height not sufficient to allow the car to pass over the roofs of the houses without collision, Mr. L'Estrange being thrown out three times, each time clinging on the ropes, and regaining his seat. Eventually the balloon lodged on the top of a house adjacent and belonging to the Children's Asylum, where the aeronaut opened the valve and allowed the gas to escape, otherwise he might have been more seriously injured. Disentangling himself, he was received into the asylum, where the bruises he had received on each knee met with careful attention at the hands of the matron. Besides a severe cut on the knee, Mr. L Estrange was very much shaken. The balloon is said to be greatly damaged, several large rents having been made in it. E veiybody appeared to feel 6orry for the aeronaut's complete failure. His failure'he attributes, and rightly, solely to the inferior gas supplied, which, owing to its great density, was devoid of buoyancy. THE LAW OF EXECUTORS.—A case of considerable importance to executors and others was decided by the Full Court, on Friday week. It would appear that the late Andrew Blake, of old Government-house, Parrainatta, appointed Messrs. V. W. Giblin, Thomas Cadell, and the Hon. John Blaxland, executors of his will. To each of them the deceased bequeathed £1000, " as an acknowledgement and compensation " for their trouble in executing the will. The estate chiefly comprised bank and other shares, aud was only valued by the testator at £57,000; but the executors, by judiciously placing the shares in the market and realising the assets, raised the value of the estate to £72,995. On the 22nd November last, Mr. Justice Hargrave, as the Primary Judge in Equity, as the executors had displayed great skill and care in the management of the estate, made an order allowing them the usual commission of 2V per cent, on the amount realised, in addition to the amounts bequeathed. On Friday Mr. Darley, on behalf of Mr. Francis Augustus Blake, one of the residuary legatees, moved to set aside this order on the ground that as the executors had accepted the legacies, they had renounced all right and title to the commission. Mr. Davis opposed the motion on behalf of the executors. Their Honors (Mr. Justice Hargrave dissenting) held that the executors iu this case were not entitled to commission. The Chief Justice held that in this case where executors were bequeathed a legacy which they had accepted, they could not claim commission. By authorities they could only claim the legacies. Mr. Justice Hargrave, in dissenting, held that where great knowledge aud judgment had been shown by executors in managing an estate like the present one, executors were fairly aud equitably entitled to commission. His Honor, at some length, described how the estate required professional skill and judgment in its management, and that the actual expenses only amounted to £1100. Mr. Justice Manning concurred with the Chief Justice that the will expressly allowed the executors only £1000 each, but he would not hold that the acceptance of a legacy debarred'the executor from claiming commission. AUSTRALIAN FRUITS FOR ENGLAND.—A fine display of fruits lrom Australia, principally pears ana apples, with a few grapes, cherries, peaches, and other " stone lruils," has attracted considerable attention at the Paris Exhibition (says the Colonics and India). Though inadvertently placed nearly at the bottom of the hold of the ship in which they were forwarded from Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide to London, and consequently subjected to considerable delay and to unnecessary risk of injury before they were finaliy transhipped and sent on to Paris, these fruits arrived in good condition, and their size and fine 15 quality have excited the admiration of visitors from all parts of the world. This success led to the proposal that the produce of the orchards and fruit-gardens of the southern portion of the Empire should be more generally brought within reach of less favored lauds in the north. Already we have received large quantities of delicate fruits in a fresh state, as well as preserved in several ways, from the islands of the Atlantic and from the far West, and occasional packages of fruit come from the Cape; but Australia has hitherto only been able to send us her more delicate produce in the shape of jams aud preserves, and there are obstacles to the full development of this branch of trade. By taking proper advantage however of the facilities of transort now afforded by the quick steamers trading Eetween Australia and England, both via the Cape and the Suez Canal, there is every probability that with careful packing and judicious stoivnge the choicest fruits of Australia and Tasmania and of Fiji, as well as of South Africa, could be brought in perfection to adorn the dessert dishes of the old country. CLEOPATRA'S NEEDLE, — According to The Timet the following is an authentic list of objects deposited in the two large earthenware jars inclosed in the core of the obelisk's pedestal and supports, and now at length covered by the monolith's base : Standard foot and pound, presented by the Standard Department of the Board of Trade ; bronze medal of the obelisk, Ojin. ecalc to the foot, cast and presented by MiC Joseph Whitley, of Leeds ; copies of Engineering printed on vellum, with plans of the various arrangements and details employed in erecting and transporting the obelisk, together with its complete history, presented by the proprietors of the publication ; jars of Doulton ware, presented by Doulton and Co. ; a piece of the obelisk stone ; complete set of British coinage, including an Empress of India rupee ; parchment copy of Dr. Birch's translation of the obelisk's hieroglyphics ; standard gauge to 1000th part of an inch as sample of accurate workmanship, presented by J. Holtzapflel; portrait of Her Majesty the Queen ; Bibles in various languages, presented by the British and Foreign Bible Society ; Bradshaw's railway guide ; Mappin's shilling razor; case of cigars ; pipes ; box of hairpins and sundry articles of female adornment; Alexandra feeding-bottle and children's toys, presented by a lady ; a Tangye's hydraulic jack, as used in raising the obelisk presented by Tangye Brothers; wires rope, aud specimens of submarine cables, presented by Mr. it S. Newall; map of London ; copies of the daily and illustrated papers ; photographs of a dozen pretty Englishwomen, presented by Captain Henry Carter; a 2ft, rale; a " London DirectoryWhitaker's Alamanac," the last copy of the impression for the year,presented by the publishers. LADIES SMOKING.—The fastness which prevails in some of the fashionable circles of London, is exemplified by the following paragraph from the European Mail:—An amusing incident occurred the other day on the London and Southwestern Railway during a journey from Thames Ditton to Waterloo. Into a smoking-carriage stepped two young ladies, much to the disgust of the same number of gentlemen, who were enjoying their cigars. "Wonder why ladies will get into smoking-carriages," growled Senex Major in an undertone to Senex Minor, making his voice distinctly audible to every one in the carriage. Senex Minor replied, in an audible aside, that " It was really a 6hame, you know." Here a clear, bell-like voice made both gentlemen look round at their fair neighbors. " Will you have one ?" said a pair of laughing brown to a pair of dancing black eyes, handing at the same moment to her vis-a-vis a Lilliputian morocco cigar-case. In another instant two small dainty cigars—not cigarettes, but real honest cigars—were reposing between two pairs o? ripe red lips, and Senex Major and Minor had collapsed. PLUNGE BATHS.—There lias been great excitement in Tamworth of late owing to the doings of a gentleman named Small, who has started in the Baptist business. Every Sunday (says Lt/c)this zealous apostle travels down to the river, and holds forth to a congregation composed of three faithful old women and a crowd of unbelievers, who go to see the fun. Once in a while he is moved to baptise somebody, and then there is high old sport. Not long ago he pursuaded a credulous old lady to trust herself in his hands. She appeared got up in an immaculate bedgown, with starched frills standing out like quills upon the fretful porcupine. The boys saw there was going to be a good time, aud greeted her with cheers. Then Brother Small led her gently into the river. She shivered a few, but the inexorable Baptist grabbed her by the nape of the neck, and soused her uuder. Then there was a rare fizzing aud spluttering, and the devil flew out of that woman and perched upon the bank, whilst the boys laughed, and she crawled out in a depressed condition. The Btarch was all gone, and the bedgown clung around her figure so that she looked like an ancient statue. Weeds were entangled in her draggled locks, slime was in her eyes aud ears, aud three venomous leeches hung pendent from her toes. She said she felt good, but hurried to get home. Small repeats this little game whenever he gets a show, and things are very lively at the river on Sundays. Thus does the good work progress up at Tamworth. ROUGH ON THE GHOST.—A good story comes from the States. A spiritualistic seance was being held, at which it was announced that the spirit of the " Immortal William" would pass through the room. A sceptic took a handful of tin tacks to the mecting-placc, and quietly sprinkled them over the floor. The solemn moment came ; a ghostly form entered, and took a noiseless stride forward. There was a slight shiver in the white object, and a muttered noise was heard ; a second step followed, not quite so stately, and another muffled ejaculation; but at the third stride, Shakspeare's disembodied form sat plump down unon the floor, and swore like a British army in Flanders 1 