amusements. THEATRE ROYAL. The grand old favourite tragedy " Macbeth" took the place of " Henry IV." at the Theatre Bojal on Saturday evening, when a good house assembled to witness its production, the gallery especially being densely packed. The piece was placed upon the stage in an unusually effective manner, and it was easy to see that in the improved arrangements the experience of the veteran actor and manager had been called into play. Mr. Creswick assumed the title role in the artistic and finished manner that is always expected from him. The contrast between the character of the treacherous Thane aud that of the swaggering, rollicking, braggadocio Falstaff is so marked as to prove the claim of the man who can adequately portray both to beconsideredafirst-classail-round actor. Though the part taxed his physical powers to a considerable degree^ Mr. Creswick succeeded admirably in portraying the various phases of the mind of the cruel murderous usurper. He plainly depicted the man's physical bravery and mental cowardice, and in the more telling passages entirely carried his audience with him, so that he was repeatedly recalled and loudly applauded. The star was admirably supported by Miss Carry George as the unscrupulous, unreasoning, wicked woman Lady Macbeth, who, her ambition once fired, never pauses to think of any consequences nor cares what may ensue so that she attain her ends. Miss George was frequently greeted with tokens of approval in telling portions of the play, and was also recalled. Mr. Holloway was vigorous and dressed well as Macduff. Mr. Martin was well made up and dignified as King Duncan, and Mr. Reynolds fairly effective as Malcolm. The other dramatis persona were represented as follows:—Donalblain, Miss Featherstone; Banquo, Mr. B. W. Lawrence; Fleance, Miss Tilly Francis ; Bosse, Mr. A. F. Grantleigh ; Lennox, Mr. "W. Medus; Seyton, Mr. Frank Forbes; Physician, Mr. C. S. Irvine; 1st Witch, Mr. John Owen; 2nd "Witch, Mr. Gladstone; 3rd Witch, Miss KateArden; 1st Murderer, Mr. Charles; 2nd Murderer, Mr. Martin Forde; Hecate, Miss Lottie Graham; 1st Singing Witch, Miss Maggie Knight; 2ad Singing Witch, Miss LillianForde; 3rd Singing Witch, Miss Grace; Gentlewoman, Miss Grace Hathaway. Locke's beautiful music was well performed. As Hecate Miss Lottie Graham made a very successful appearance, and her clear, well-cultivated voice was heard to the greatest advantage in the fine solo parts. So much were her vocal efforts admired that at the end of each of her solos there was a round of applause, and on one occasion she was enthusiastically encored in the middle of the performance, and had to repeat the passage which so delighted her auditors. The honour is an unusual one under the circumstances, and certainly appeared a trifle incongruous. In the mounting of the pieie one of the most notable improvements wis in the arrangement of the scene in the Castle of Inverness, which was made to appear like the courtyard of a feudal castle, with massive main entrance, heavy stone gallery leading to the upper rooms, and doorways opening off in various directions. A good effect was produced when Macduff sounds the alarm aftar the murder by the inmates streaming out of the different doors and from the gallery above, where soldiers stand with lighted torches, and as the curtain descends the scene of the murder is displayed through a transparency. The same- method was employed in the second scene with the witches, when the eight crowned figures were made literally to " come like shadows, so depart." One matter of airangement we object to; that is makiug the ghost of Banquo appear and sit in the chair at the feast. As we have before said, when an appai ition is supposed to be seen by one man alone out of a large company, it simply produces •i ridiculous effect to introduce a too palpable presence which is seen by the whole house This scene may be made infinitely more telling if Macbeth addresses the empty chair, unles3 indeed, the genuine ghost illusion as invented by Professor Pepper should be employed. " Macbeth" will be repeated to-night and Tuesday evening, and on Wednesday w?ll make room for The Merchant of Venice." BEV. CHAELES CLARK.—The Bev. Charle* Clark will deliver his popular lecture on " West minster Abbey" at Glenelg to-morrow evening and at the Port on Wednesday. On Thursday he will commence his Northern tour, beginning with Eapunda, Gawler, and the Burra, and at the conclusion of the tour Mr. Clark will give a series of farewell lectures in the Adelaide Town Hall. WOODVUXE INSTITUTE.—The Adelaide Liedertafel will give a concert to-night at Wood villein aid of the funds of the Institute. THE GHOST.—This evening Mr. J. H. Bainford will open in his new line of business at White's Booms. His company have received flattering notices in the other colonies, and as the entertainment is a novel and mysterious one it should prove successful. SATURDAY EVENING'S CONCERT.—On Saturday last the fourteenth and decidedly the best of jbhe Mayor's popular concerts took place at the :Town Hall. The artistes were Signor Giorza, Mis. George Bobertson, Mr. George Bobertson, Mr. F. A. Beed, BA.M., and Mr. C. E. Mumme, and as naturally might be expected such ai array of talent attracted an immense audience of the most appreciative kind. Signor Giorza played on the grand organ selections fron "William Tell," "Les Huguenots," aud " Stabat Mater," and an offertory in G of his own composition. The first performance was most admired, but the others merited as much praise, particularly the selection from the " Stabat Mater," which, with all its difficulties, was played by the Signor entirely from memory, and without any one to help him with the stops. Mrs. Bobertson, of whom flattering mention was made in connection with Signor Giorza's recent pianoforte recital and concert, appeared in capital voice, and sang the beautiful and intricate cavatina," Come e hello" (" Lucrezia Borgia"). She was deservedly^if somewhat inconsiderately encored, and delighted the audience by responding; but she achieved a greater triumph in her rendition of "The Vision of St. Cecilia" (with violoncello obbligato by Mr. Beed), which elicited a perfect storm of applause. Mr. Beed, besides distinguishing himself by the faultless manner in which he accompanied Mrs. Bobertson in this selection gave a fantasia on Scotch airs on the violon cello, and being clamorously encored supple mented his performance with " The last rose o summer." Mr. Mumme sang " My Queen," bu his voice found better scope in the " Domine Dens" from the Fifth Mass. He also sang very pleasingly with Mrs. Bobertson in the duetto "Sulla Tomba" ("Lucia di Lammermoor"), and was warmly applanded. MADAME CARLOTTA TASCA.—Acting on behalf of this eminent pianiste, who gave her last re < ital in Melbourne on Saturday i_iglit, Mr. B. S Smythe has engaged Madame Robertson toassi st at the Adelaide concerts. Miss Christian is preventedby her numerous engagements from coming with Madame Tasca, so that the Adelaide public will again be deprived of the pleasure of listening to this charming English vocalist. ORIENTAL EXHIBITION.—This Exhibition at the Town Hall Exchange-Boom continues to be fairly patronised, and will remain open for some time longer. GOOLWA BEGATTA.—The annual regatta held here on Tuesday, August 6, passed off as far as the • actual boating went with great success. The various events were well contested, and the weather was all that could be disired for such an cccasion. There was a breeze from the northwest, which gradually increased, until towards the afternoon it blew sufficiently hard to be pleasant. Port Victor and Milang supplied their contingent of boats, and thus helped to keep up the spirit of rivalry and add zest to the sport. The principal event for sailing boats, over a course of 10 miles, was won by Captain Tait with a boat he has bad built at the Port for the event. She is as pretty s model of her style of boat as could be desired, and is a great credit to her builder. The steamer Shannon was told off to act as flagship. The Stewards and Judges gave general satisfaction, the various races being got off punctually and with dispatch. The steamer Excelsior arrived during the morning with a party from Milang, returning again at the close of the sports. Unfortunately the Committee allowed one of the publicans to erect a bar for sale of intoxicating liquors on board the flagship. This considerably marred the pleasure of the proceeding, as towards the afternoon when the pulling matches came on it was very evident that many had imbibed more than was desirable. It is many a day since the town has been disgraced with so much intemperance. Scenes of this kind bring up .vividly the necessity for t he abolition of the system of permits to publicans by Justices of the Peace, to the granting of which on this occasion may be traced some of the evil. In this case the-e are three licensed hotels within £50 yards of the wharf where the flagship lay. 