I.S-TEHBUrTIOX TO THE OVERLAND LlXE.-Mr. E. C. Cracknell was yesterday advised, by telegraph from Adelaide, that the Port Darwin line yvns interrupted on Saturday north of Port Augusta. ' The "Wbather.-For some weeks past ave have neçn.aiRicted with \Veather of the most unseasonable characteç-hot and oppressive in the extreme-Svitli very little relief even at night,' nnd the wind gene- rally light from +he N. and 2Í.E. The heat was not caused by hot westerly winds, such as old residents ayill remember used to prey ail in the summer time, but arose purely from the strength of the sun's rays during the day, and the radiation of the rays at night from every surface that had been exposed during the day. Everything, hoyvever, has an end, and a very Welcome change occurred on Saturday afternoon About 4 o'clock the yvind fell dead calm, but there yvere seen in tho southern sky indications unmistakable of a coining change. Precisely at half-past i a reid good old - fashioned southeily " burster " broke upon the town, filling tho hir with'dense clouds of dust, and blowing away r.U kinds of rubbish down the straeis to such an t-"tent that it was impossible to face it, and for a short time traffic yvns almost stopped. It yvas rather unfortunate 'that'll change of this kind should occur on a Satuidny nft'ernoon, when so many persons are enjoying them- selves ou the water. This yvas particularly the case on Saturday last, for there were two sailing matches and other boat races taking place, and the harbour was all alive yvith little ciaft. As might be expected, several capsizes occurred and other casualitics, some of them of a rather seiious nature. The worst of the dust soon blew over, and a nice cool southerly brcerc has pre- vailed .ever since. Early on Sunday morning, shortly before daylight, the rain began to fall, but it cleared up again between 8 and 9 o'clock.. All yesterday it looked cloudy aud threatening, bus, did not rain again until about half-past S in the evening, when o smart shower fell, yyhieh lasted conly for a minutOi. Dark clouds, however, still hung about, and more rain fell at intervals during the night. The weather telegrams received at the Post Office up to 9 o'clock vost»day evening show that it yvas blowing freshly f tom the south all along the coast of this colony, with weather either show« y or threatening. Tho sea "was not reported as particularly heavy at any station " Supreme CotRT.-Business ? this day. In Equity. Before the Court, at 10 o'clock, Equity Appcnl : O'Brien v. Goodsell, appeal of plaiifti'ï. .Divorce Jurisdiction : Sims v. Simi>, motion to set'pside order,' Sims v. Simo, new trial motion. Master's Office, at ,10.30 a.m. : Underwood v. Underwood,'to settle lcport on passing receiver's 12th account. At 11 a.m. : Icely ,v. Samuel and another, udjourned evidence. Distbict Court.-Cause Lisr, Monday, March l8 : Greeny. Bun o w9 and another, Sappey and another v. «Dallriglio, Kilminstcr v. Watson and others, Mon- tague v. Johnson, Elliott v. Heavy. '. Tïi'Hoin Fr.vr.n at Krim "oxo.-We learn that the Hpn. Michuel Pit¿patiick, Colonial Secretary, has sent two trained nuises from the Infirmary staff to attend upon the 6ufteiers fiom typhoid fever at Kurra'ong, Dr. Jokel haying requested, by telegram, that that should be done. Obituary,-In another column appears an an- nouncement of the death, at narrandera, of Mr. William Trollope, at the a^e of 52 years. The deceased is the eldest son of the Eev. W. Trollope, H.A., of Pembroke ColloT, Cambridge, late vicar of Gieat Wilston, and giandson ot the lute Rev. A. W. Trollope, D,D,, rector of Colne Engaine, aad for many yeais head master of Christ's Hospital, Loudon. Aixuseit. It Is at erny picnic. It 13 In every kitchen. It gives the tinten to every dish. It rusiiH digestion. It has a olacc at Government House, nnd is seen at every respectable arttzan's. The Protectionists use it because it is colonial ; the Freetraders bscausc it is cheap. It is the especial favourite with all classer, because, as one of the Sydney clergymen wrote-"It is the best vet made." It is the Australian Relish, mado by Washington H. Soul, of 221, Pitt-street, Sydney, and sold by STcry -?.viuager. Price. One S blll__.-An* St-DMs Du»ri«.-Shortly Mors I o'clock or SnUudny.alterr.con, Jo'ui i,ulter,*i>l««tirsr'»l»lxiurM was ioun.l in Eldor.-atrttt, Ttorest Lodß'e, to b, mai unconscious state, which i« berr.r»d to have aiken from sunsttoko._ He wat immediately ttmoTeil to Uij Infirmary, where" he o.vpiied soon 'niter admission! The deceased, who wai 45 yema of age, and lived ir; the Globo Hoad, Glebe, had been vvoikingclojo to tit» spot where ho was found insensible_About 2 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, John Philip Prcsdo*, a tailor of 24, Chapman- street, died vcrv suddenly, from wlia causo is not known. He had been snliering froto p-«* iii the chest for the lati eighteen months, for whieí l)r. G »hooley attended him ; but as the doctor did no' seo him imraediitely before death the ccrtiSwto ?'» withheld. It appears that the deceased pattoo'k largely of potted salmon a short tirao before he exuired He wns 33 years of agc, mid leaven a widow and sij children. Rev. Ciiaults Claui;.-It will be rcmoiubeicd. when the Rev. Charles Clark was last in Sydney, that after all the sitting and standing room was occupied, people used to take possession of tho platform, leavin» the eminent locttifcr scarcely any loom to stand. lp tho present state of the atmosphere Mr. Clark natur« ally recoils from the prospect of a íepctition of such t compliment, and his reappearance in Sydncv has ir. consequence been postponed till tho week after next! anti, unless a chango in the weather shall have taken place by that time, it will be still further postponed, Meantime Mr. Clark will lecture in Newcastle anl Maitland Cr.icKET, - Messrs. David Jones and Compaq played Messrs. Partner and Company, on their ground on Saturday, the Otk iustant-^tlie former s'.ciiii" j« easy victory with 32 runs to spare. ° ? 'Fatal Accident.-On Fridav evening Mr. Hean Gratton, quartermaster of the Vernon, tin¡núi»shiá wns sailing with a man named Paul M'Corrrmck, and when between Moore's Wharf and Blue's l'oint hj fell overboard and was drowned. The water polies soon afterwards commenced drawing for the bodv but the wind was somewhat high at the time. Ata luto hour last night the body had not been recovered but dragging will be recommenced to-day. The bottom nt this part of the harbour is vcrv rtt""ed mid a day or two may yet elapse before the bodyibcj to* the' surface. ' Nov.tk'Siioiie JReoatta.-The entries for this re. gatir. vvsro taken on Saturday evening, ai the Ex« chang: Hotel, and, with the exception of two new, all the events Ulled well As it was known that several boat owners were detained down the harbour by thi boisterous weather, it was decided to receive post entries up to to-morrow evening, at 8 o'clock. The committee were' foitunate enough to secure lite tint steamship City of Sydney as n llngship, but ni fiat vessel has been quarantined, fresh arrangement« are nccessar-v Tub Situatiox in- Victc-iha.-The Aryui or Thurs« day has . the following respecting the attempts at a réconciliation between the Assembly and the Council of-,Victoria :-"Since tho signing" of the warrant! under the iöth^elauso of the Constitution Act, the negotiators between tho two Houses have had uphill work. Both sides have dinwn aloof. The Ministry now contend that it is impossible that sirnuheneouj steps should bo taken, inasmuch as an Appropriation Bill once laid aside or rejected cannot be revived in tho same session of .Parliament. This assertion wai mado by Mr. Cuthbert nt the "Upper House eenfer« enee vesterday. Consequently, it is urged that, in the event of an understanding being arrived at, the Payment of Members Bill would have to be possed first, and then there would have to be a prorogation of a day to admit of a second Appropriation Bill being introduced. This position is stoutly combated, nndprecedents to a contrary effect hre quoted. And, on the other hand, many of the leading members of the Council are found to adhere more firmly than ever to the claim they made in the Lyell-"Munro episode, that the lirst advance should bf made by the Assembly, and that when that body ha! repudiated coercion, then, and not till then, the Council should take up the Payment of Members Hill unpledged as a House to its future. Yesterday vi as the first opportunity Mr. C. J. Jenner has had ol consulting with his fellow members as a body, and the division of opinion was found to be very marked. The hon. gentleman is to see his fiiends to j day before arriving at a decision whether he will go I on, and a great deal will depend upon the bonafiiti of the Government. Unless Ministers are actually ' prepared to assist in an effort to restore public con- fidence, and to overt the evils which seem "impending in the future, a conference, it is felt would be useless. Mr. Jenner's is likely to be the last attempt to effect a settlement, and therefore very much depends upon it, The plebiscitum scheme finds little support in áflt, i camp, and may be regarded as a failure." THE GOULBURN GHOST -The people of Goulburn appear, from statements published in the Goulburn Herald, to be much exercised respecting a singular light which has been seen hovering above a certain locality, and which most probably is of the nature of the common appearance known as "will o' the wisp" Our contemporary says in its issue of Saturday - " The singular light spoken of in our last issue con- tinues to attract considerable attention, and large numbers of persons, chiefly boys, visit the locality in which it appears ; but its real cause has not actually been determined, though conjectures are not few, the most probable being that it is some form of gaseous exhalation, or else a kite with a lantern attached to its tail. On Wednesday evening the high ground in and around the city was resorted to by numbers of persons anxious to get a glimpse at the 'strange light, whilst about thirty young men with clubs, guns, and a concertina, started for the range. The light was not seen on this occasion ; but on the previous evening Messrs. J. Gillespie and J. Jessop (fruiterer) assert that they saw it ; that they followed it for some dis- tance into a gully, over which it hovered, and where a lady's hat was picked up by one of the party. This, however, it appears was lost by a passenger in pas- sing train and blown to the spot. Some people living at the Old Township say they have seen this light for the past three months, and that it was much larger during the late heavy rains. Others assert that it is the reflection from Mr. Benyon's place, close at hand; and another that he has viewed it through a telescope, and distinctly recognised a man well known to him carrying a lantern." Hailway' IifcoxvEKiKSoi".-The inconvenience aris- ing from .the want of a,sufficient number of trucks on the railway from Sydney to Cootamundra is "nereis in<* (the Yass fatricr says) every day, and the soor.ot the forty .extra trucks that have been oreleied by the Government are completed and distiibuted on th( différent lines the sooner will the grumbling that now exists cease. Scarcely a week passes but we hear ol "complaints from persons wkhing to send their shcc{ and*cattle to the Sydney and other markets. Las! weilt two mobs of cattle were driven up to the Yaü station to be trucked to Sydney. They vvcic yarded for the night, and in the morning it was found the« yvcro only trucks sufficient to take one of tho lo«. The owners then, to save any bother, quietly tossed up to seo whose lot should go hist. This wjs, nt doubt, a quiet way of meeting the difficulty, buttai loser had to put up with the inconvenience of seiuUng liis cattle buck home. At another station last week a person biought a lot of sheep to truck to Sydney. They were yarded for the night, and in the morning lie vvhs informed that the trucks htul been sent on le Bathurst, and he would havo to wait until they re- turned. The ormcr could not do this, and that morning it carne on to rain, and during a great down- pour his âhoep had to ttivel back home. These«« only tv.'o instances of many we could name of the annoyance and loss the public are put to for the want of a sufficient number of trucks at the stations on tha southern line of railway. Corusctiox.-In Dr. Barry's speech at tho Pro- testant Hall, instead of "stop immigration" read 'restrict immigration to those races who will no jiidanger public liberty." The next passage should read, "The mob last" Sunday yverc all Homan Catholics, and among those wcie some Irishmen who .had landed only a few clays before, and who scemci to bo as well acquainted tis the rei>t yiith the Celt« password that was used for mustering the rowdies. Ho did not say that the new corners were they who had stilled up the passions of the rest. Kelí.y and Leon's Mwsthels.-There was a good house at the Queen's Theatre on Saturday evonii'S to patronise the entertainment of this company ol minstrels. After an opening programme of comic songs and ballads, Leon appealed in " Our Boarding house Kate," and succeeding this the company ron; dcred the operetta of "Norma on the *Ii'li"?-,el, very- acceptably, and the performance closed willi tue amusing sketch" entitled " _ophelin," which sent tM audience away in a state of merriment. A fluic sow and one or two specialties make up a now and amusing programme. This is announced as tac ia« week of the company, and an attractive hill of eongs, acu, and sketches is put forth. Theatre ÍCoyal.-After a very successftd etaeetot n fortnight, Mr. Darrell's thama "Back from toe Grave." was repeated for tho last time, at Picsc.ll.-'°/¡ Saturday evening. To-night, "Transported »r JJ-e. the well-known play by the samo clever author, vu* be placed on the stage of the Theatre Eoval 