txOftíXEoATiwAL trmöNOFtiefr [ t ? SOUTH WALES. V - i. . ? ? ' ' Yesterday afternoon tho ministers and delegates of this '¿odyine» for. businoas in the ¿all of tie Congregational 'Church, Pitt-street.*,'There wnsa.largo attondanco. .Tho Rev. R- T. HiHa (tho retiring clmirnran) preside-, sad ' "opened'the?proceodingB by-giving out a hymn, reading Scripture, and'offoring prayer. The rovorend gontteman thehintroduoed the Rev. J..' Jofferia, LL.B., _o c__i__ . elect ior tho year, who than took the chair. ,,-, -...'... IhoRov. J. C. KiitBY proposed a vote of thanks to tho Rev. ft. T. 'HillflJEor his nervices as chairman of the Union for tho past,year. " Tho'Rov. W. BRADLEY seconded tho \ ' mótiori, and it was carried ' with acclamation. ' Tho Rev. j ' Mr. HILLS acknowledged tho compliment. The-Roy. G.G. HOWDEN then prcsonted to the Chair- j : man,' the Rev. Mr. Kimberley, who' liad-been rocontly , ordained, send the Rev. J. W. Symons, of Tasmania, and the Rev. Mr. Cameron, of Victoria, BS visitors, and they were welcomed to tho Union. Tho chairman also formally received into tim Union, churches at Orango and George'6 Plains; near Bathurst. On tho motion of the Rev. T. S. PortSAira, secondai by f_e*Rbv. W. BRADLEY, it was resolved to send by telegram, fraternal greetings to the Congregational Unions of Victoria ?: and Quoomdand now in session. 'Similar messages during the-courso of tho day wcro recoived from the .Queensland ' and Victorian Unions. " The roll of ministers and dolegatcs waa' themread over. . Tho Rev. G. G; HOWDEN, one of tho hon^ secretaries, : read tho twelfth annual report of tho Union as follows :- ' -, " In tho good providence of God wo oro once again permitted to assemble as the representatives of the Congregational Churches of . this land ; and when wo consider the sparing lnercieB by which wo bavo been attended since last wo mot, tho general spiritual pros- perity manifest in the churches, raid the harmonioùssplrit in which . wo assemble, on this occasion, we may well enter an our week of meetings With tho.keynoto sounding in our cars of gratitude and praise. -According to the usnnl oustom, the retiring committee Bow-present their annual report, calling cupeolal attention in tho' first place to-rnatterscntrustedto the committee for consideration st tho last October mootlngs. Instructions woro then given to your comrcitteo to toke steps to secure, if possible, tho religious rlEhts of Protestants, hot belonging to the Church of England, : who are in any of our State Institutions, espocinlnefereneo being piado to thoRandwiok Asylum. Your committee accordingly ruado inquiries -of the Inspector of Publio Charities, and learning that no one has the slightest nowor to hinder any duly qualified roinistcr from giving, in appointed ttmeè, religious instruction to my onoholongmg to his chnroh in any of the State in_tltutior_i.;it was felt that further steps in the matter were unnecessary. Tho subject of organising our lay preachers, and of visiting immigrant vessels .on arriving: in tho colony, wore duly considered, but thought to belong moro to the Homo Mteionary Society than to this Union, and ??were consequently delegated to the-cornmittco of that society. Both mattera have sinco been dealt with, and will be duly reported oh. Your committee were also instructed to arrange, if possible, for a oloser union between our Eolvcs and the Home Missionary Society. This, it ia considered, has bean secured hy affording an opportn .tüty during this week to the Union to freely discuss the rcportand operation of tho soolcty. The profit also, if any, of the excursion on Friday will he received by this society. At the .meetings held m 1F70, your committeo wai-o authorised to arrango for a depot for Denominational literature ; but, as was reported last October, such difllculties woro met with in the attempt to Carry out the desire of the Union that for a time the project was abandoned. Moro recently application has boen mado to Mr. Fuller, S87, Georgc-streot, who, now kindly consents to keep a inpply of books and pamphlets pertaining to tho denomination, providing we mako the arrangement well known and endeavour to secure for him tho patronage of our oongregaäoni. As Mr. Fuller takes this step entirely at his own pecuniary risk, and as > the books and pamphlets ho will próvido will bo of invnluablo service in making known tho principles of our denomination,your Dommittoe have much pleasure in calling attention to the afrange . ment, and urging that it be mado 03 widely known OB possible. In respect to the appointment of deputations from tho different ' Protestant denominations to attend the annual gathering of each dénomination, it ,110» been considered that to continuo tho plan hitherto adopted, is to unnecessarily tax the valuable time both of . the gentlemen whv attend, and of the meetings who receive them. Mid that the desired object may bo as well attained by the several depurations'attending only one of these gatherings in each year, ; the visit, being . paid in : rotation. Our Wcsleyan friends. In harmony with this suggestion, invite us to send -fe deputation to their Confei-enco in the early part of noxt Sear, and It rests with vou to moko the necessary appointment. n the occasion of the Legislative Assembly passing resolutions \- by which it was decided to open, the Museum and Publio Library on the Sabbnth day, your. committee, bolieving they expressed tho ' feeling 'of the Churches, prepared a petition embodying reasons . for objecting to the course proposed, and praying that the resolu- tions might be rescinded. The politlón was signed by your chnir ' man, and duly presented by Mr. Lucas. M.L.A. The committeo having had their attention called to the claims of the. newly erected chuioh at Orange, voted towards tho building the proceeds of the sale of the remains of the church at Young, on the occasion of its being blown down by a gale of wind in 1S70. The sum realized was £27 6s. Letters have been received during the year from the Congregational Union of : Victoria, suggesting that delegates sliouldbe Eont from Sydney to attend tho Union meeting being' held this month in Melbourne, and tho subject be considered of forming a Union for Australia. Your committee, after much deliberation, decided hot to accede to the request of pur Victorian friends,, it being thought that the reason assigned was scarcely of sufficient importance to justify tho expondituro which would attend sending delegates as proposed; Your com- mittee call attention to the following changes hi our ohurches since last we'met :-The Rev. J.-A. Dowie has withdrawn from i the denomination. The Rev. J. T. -W. Davies, MA., late of Auck- land, has accepted the invitation to the pastorate of the churoh at 'pTewtbwn: The Rev.'W: Bradley removed from Waterloo to Ocean-street, Woollahra. The Rev. J. .Kimberley has been duly ordained and settled in the church at Waterloo. The Rev. T.' J. Pepper-- has accepted a call to the ohuroh' :in South Brisbane. . The Church at Newcastle thus left vacant Is "still without a pastor. Tho Rev. W. J. Webster has settled at punter's-hlll. The Rev; H. Royle, after labouring for-many fears in the Master's cause in the Island of Aitutaiki, and having tnjoyed'a brief period of rest in this city, peacefully entered his \- feward in February last,. Sa closing this report yoûr,cdr_mitteé would call attention to alterations in their programme, trusting1 that by affording opportunities for discussion on the operations Bl our several societies, an increased interest may be aroused in leir wclfaro; and that the attemjit' to promote moró fraternal (Intercourse amongst our congregations maybe approved by all , and receive your cordial eupport. Your committee farther earnestly desire that a rioh blessing from our Heavenly Master .nay rest on all our meetings, and His work bo renewed In our Bvcry heart, andour every Church." ; ' Mr. ft. G.' READING, hon. treasurer, read tho annual \- Énonce report, showing that, including a balance of £018s. i 6d. from last year, the receipts had been $187.16s. 6 expenditure had been £123 le. 8d., leaving a credit balance t>f£3913s.9ä.''" .'.'-.' \- On the motion of-the Rey.-A.-G^F»*, seconded by'the : Rev.J. F. CüL_BN,.the secretary and treasurer'» reports Wcreadopted. | ? Mr. R. NOTT notified that the Rev. J. C. Kirby liad been nominated for theoffice of chairman of the year for 1879-80. ¡The Rev.;G. G.jHowden and Mr> R. ,Nott were nominated ta secretaries ; Mr. R.G. Reading was nominated treasurer. , TheRev. Mr. KiAy.waa formally elected chairman, and ¡ ' Ihe other gentlemën- were re-elected as secretaries and tren ?ihrer. The Revs. T. S.Foreaith, T; Johnson, W. Slatyer, I t'J.P.Sunderlfuid, and Messrs. Green, J. Mullens, J. R. : Fairfax, and Buzacott were re-elected as a committeo by -.»Hot. ..-.>.. The Rev. J. T. SUKOBRIAND inade a verbal report to, regard to'the publication of the " Congregàtionaf-Year Book." This showed that there'had been a circulation of ' Ute last issue of 1000, and 200 more oOuld have been sold.if S rintel. ;He urged, that Bupport should be given to tho 'ear Book in the matter of advertisements and otherwise. i,j..A discussion ensued, in which the Revs. S. SAVAGE.and ..Ï." S. FOHSÁÍTK took part, and a vote of thariks ?gas'páisod to4 the-1 Rev.-Mr. Sunderland for editing the \- Year Book,' and a motion requesting him to -continue to edititwasunaninmualy passed. It wea resolved, on tho motion of the. Rev.. T. Forsaith,, that the Year Book be , sqntinued permanently. ' Mr;*R. NOTT read ai report re_peetrng the portion of the , '. independent, tho Denominational organ, showing that ita '. financial position was satisfactory. A change ia thepubli Mtionhad beau resolved upon,. Messrs. Foster and fairfax ¡tadertaking to bring out the paper.at their own risk and re ;8DonsibiUfy,_i'eeditortobechosenby__eIJnioh.'Thoguestion r . _f_ a ProP°8al to change the namo of, the paper waa con- sidered, and the names " Congregationnlist," " Congrega- tional Chronicle," and "Congregational Record.vVwere .uggested ; but after oonsiderable discussion it was resolved .that gie name should remain unchanged. On the motion of tho Rev. T. Johnson, seconded by Mr. H. Smith, thanks were accorded for the valuable gratuitous servic^-reridered ' by the Róv. T. 8. Forsoith, tho editor, and to Mr. R. Nott, for allowing, tho use of his . office for the publication .of the paper. :. Mr.:Fpi_aith acknowledged tho compliment, ; acceding to on.earnest^ request to continuo the editorship. Mr: J. MULLENS brought up a report of tho'Ministers .efo/oe Fund, and urged the moro liberal support of the . pmd. Oh thé-motion of this Rev. J. O. RIBBY, secemded by the Rev ^. B_-_OL_T, the renof. was adopted, and on the :Bpäonof tho.theRev. G. G. HOWDEN, theMäring com . Biittee was re-elected.. .-'.- Mr.R.JNiDTT read a report of statistics compiled fron, »turns sent in to the Congregational Union of New South Wales. ' This showed that there' were 43 Oongrogationál 'muMb*si-_6 in the city and suburbs, and l8 ia the country 'Jtetnete; 26 of these had settled ministers. There were, oesides, 22i:o__er,:buildings, used for preaching. The ^Umrehes iirqper, afforded aewiinrabdatíon for 12,^»Mparsons, ..with an average" attendancé'of 693Ö, but are thé rëèùlâr places of'vjorahip for 11,000 or 12,000 persons. 'Oureh taembers. 2288; Sunday-sehoohv 41 ; teaohew: 66_; »ofcol.cJdldrea, 6701 : »verageattendaiic-, 3716.^ Since 'Sí?i.^8' A3«80; 'ixai::boen/-^hurohes; l8;, »ettled ^nators, 3 ; ohurch acooinmodaiion, 23*3 ; rromber w church . members, 635; ' S__dayi_choó_i, - 3 ; ;KTay-8ohool ??; teachers, '0l27.;-' ¿chnlars on' hooks, iijiá; average .otteudance,/6ál. , It waa mentioned that Kturnigfiaci cot )>een received from one. : ? Tbo Rev. J. C; XIRBY presented ittie ' Reg_rtr_r>_, report 'LüTit0 thi t"&.'oifli.'«s«'Oi'' orSè aenomination, and the insurance of the olrttrchea, and alan« ùscussion ensued -with respect- to thom ;' añd^ a noUceTof motion wa» gryen wiüi a view that they might be disoasMd :»t another; sitting. : . '""*»". _"u*"u|T^1 . Themeetíhgwas^<_os_^ft_hebei__ct_m. ' ¡ ___X-Î^?vf^ne'"a Pu^01«»oet_gw_heU when fha hah ;K^Ä%öaev^i.___^ X*"*** ' Öto___Ä_ä'*?«3^-ngh}* «Í »li »ho «re asBO Sa_Ä,.^re.ïï.i^í^om/0,? ftè voaities of per lîsteein^SLt'50"',*8"tha* I «eoupy to-day, since the g^ofbretiiren alone confer» ifcW H y£v geneJZ "««_oi.m_.M a« yet.«_i_« _i trust r_tb_r^a_T_l experience, _Jc__ only hot» that^yéars of union with, yon wiUiprovet_attt_*«notDe__fti8plaoed. i .al ; i ' ' Lo. pursuance of a cnstom whioh carrie« with it tho force of long prescription, I havo to nddross you on tomo topio that I may doora of real importance to religion, and at boating upon that form, of it and those . ^principles of it which wo epooi-Uy maintain. My choice has hoon dorn-ned oyfho vent of my mind, which is practical rather than philosophical. I shall not bring under your notice those great controversies in which the leaders of modern thought are engaged, and endeavour to assign their relative value to the truths which lie at tho basis of Materialism and Ritualism ; nor will I venture to-day into that region so dark with the shadows of death, so haunted with the spectres of sceptical or of superstitious thought, in which, good men are trying to forecast tho destinies of the human soul. My aim will be lets ambitious than either of these, but not, I hope, leas useful. During twenty years ministry in Australia I have lived in mental and spiritual contact with the strong free life which is being developed in these lands. That life has entered into me and is become part of my being. I exult in its liberty. I have sympathy even with its excesses, -which are due rather to tho passion than to tho vices of youth. Looking round upon the civilized world of to-day, I see no community which present a nobler spectacle of manhood-of manhood striving to be just and free. But our freedom has limitations imposed and license permitted, both of which are dangerous to tho common weal. It is of those in their relation to religion that I ahall speak to you to-day. But first of all cast a hurried glance upon Chirstendom. The nationalities are entering upon a now era. The power of the people which was born amid the throes of the Refor- mation, and was baptised in the mood of the Revolution, and which has grown to its early maturity in the great Republic of tho west, is now advancing in terrible earnestness and might to conquer tho world. That which fifty years ago De Tocque ville saw as a portent dealt with in prophecy, is now in full process of realization. Democracy has laid its hand upon tho most venerable institutions of the older European life. France has repudiated personal monarchy. Spain is virtu- ally a Republic. Tho socialism of Germany', and tho nihi- lism of Russia, have confronted tho victorious Emperor and the despotic Czar with words and deeds of fearful meaning. In England, tho champions of order have made a truce and almost a league with tho champions of revolution, with what issues tho future must decide. And there is nothing more significant of the change in the balance of power than tho way in which Roman Catholicism, weary of appeals to crowned heads, is now acknowledging the sovereignty of the people This stream of tendency is bearing us down. The impulse is too strong to be resisted. Tho problem is how to guide this democratic spirit, how to restrain its turbulent excesses in tho early exercise of unaccustomed power. ' If such evidences of a new era are to be seen in the national life of modern society, they are not less distinctly marked in its religious life. In spite of tho too-obvious fact that tho Papal hierarchy after a period of deep prostration, has come forth to reassert its old claims with renewed vehemence, in spite of tho revival of sacerdotal pretensions in the English Church, it is dear enough that the Christian laity, at length daring to be free, are everywhere discomfiting tho priest- hood. The free thought which is so characteristic of the times, and which, within divinely appointed limits, is the heritage of every man, spares no institution however hoary with tradition, and no doctrine however upheld by the authority, of great names. The way in which the power of the people is displaying itself within the sphere of religion is admirably seen in tho reconstruction of the Irish Church, in the recent organic changes in the Wesleyan communion, and in the ample recognition of unordained men as divinely appointed teachers and evangelists. It is painfully exhibited in the rise of a philosophy which has carried scientific con- clusions far beyond their proper domain, in the growth of a theodicy founded upon the unknown, in teachings akin to the Buddhist doctrine of nirvana, and in a thousand crudities propounded in Reviews, and uttered in lecture-halls with impudent assertion and credulous belief. All this passionate conflict which is proceeding in Europe is evolving itself in Australia, but here with far more favourable omens for a rightful issue. Here the power of the people is con- ceded. The democratic pimciple is the basis of our Consti- tution and of our social polity. There are no establishments belonging to past ages to be attacked, no intolerable and unequal burdens to be lifted off, no crying class grievances to be destroyed. If we have brought with us from the old land some traditionary customs which are opposed to tho free and equal development of our national life, they are followed rather than obeyed. We have emerged from the chaotic and have entered upon tho formative stage of our social being. Strengthened and moderated by the noble example of tho mother-land, which was never more earnestly occupied in securing the equal welfare of her children, we are laying broad and deep the foundations of a civil and religious polity as free and true as ever yet has been recorded by history. "Now, believing, as I do, that it is to religion as tho mightiest passion of our nature we must look for the chief motive force to carry us forward upon tho difficult path of freedom, and that it is to the laws ot religion, coming to us with divine sanction, we must look for the Chief regulating power in the exercise of our liberty, I shall attempt in my address to-day—I. To in- quire if there are any valid hopes of a united Christian Church in Australia. II. In default of this to consider the claims of the chief existing Churches to be our true leaders in the coming national life. III. To look at the actual relationship between Church and State in Aus- tralia, and more especially in this province of New South Wales. 'I. Are there any valid hopes of a united Christian Church in Australia ? The formation of such on one, so far at least as that the present disintegration of Christen- dom might be stayed, and the different sects united on some basis of mutual recognition and mutual labour, has been a dream of many. Twenty years ago the ablo and amiable Bishop of Adelaide put forth his views in a correspondence with Mr. Binney. He maintained that outward union was desirable, because it was apostolic, because it would ex hihit the family life of Christianity, and because it would present to the eye of tho world the true unity there it in Christ. But when he came to deal with the principles and conditions on which such' union should he effected, it was but too evident that all he meant and that all he hoped was that the wise and good of all tho communions should eventally find a home in the Anglican Church. Not one single doctrine, not one time-honoured charac- teristic of his own fellowship, was he prepared to give up for the sake of union. Of course such a methoa of bringing Christian men together could not be entertained by any whose divergences were the result of conviction. Neither the earnestness nor the piety of this chief pastor could secure for his proposal a general discussion. The late Bishop of Melbourne was a trifle mora successful. He managed to get something like practical concert between Episcopalians and Presbyterians in certain work in the outlying districts of Victoria; but it has been found not to work very smoothly, and I believe is almost abandoned. Something, too, has been attempted, and something achieved, by other sects. The Congrega- tionalists and Presbyterians have joined now and then in the same churches and under the same pastors. Among themselves, the Presbyterians have given up for the most part the differentia of 'Old Kirk,' 'Free Kirk,' and ' United,' and now present throughout Australia a compact phalanx. Among the Methodists there have been some slight concessions, and the absorption of one or two small dissident churches. Feeble attempts at union continue to be made, but who with the history of Christendom before him can avoid smiling- at the simplicity of certain, calling themselves 'brethren,' who are making vigorous efforts to destroy sectarianism by denouncing all the sects, and by adding not one but many sects to those already in existence. I confess I do not see any prospect of a distinctive Australian Church, ' that Church of the future which is to conciliate all affections and unite all diversities.' Once I thought it desirable, and dreamt that it was possible, Now I think it neither possible nor desirable. A wider range of Christian reading and a broader view of human life have taught me that if such a Church could be called into existence, it would only repeat the sad history of the past. Comprehension would be followed by compulsion new fetters would be forged for the mind, new burdens laid upon the heart. Freedom of thought and of worship could not continue to survive within any single communion that I can conceive of, if once it absorbed into itself the varying opinions that now exist. But I look for union for more true and complete than any represented by one polity and doctrine, and I see not why we should despair of attaining it. In spite of wide dissimilarity of ritual, grave divergences of doctrine, and no little theoretical and practical error, the Apostolical suc- cession has been maintained in the Church of Christ. Men have battled for tho true. Woman have striven and suffered for tho good. The love of God and love to men, obedience to the two commandments on which hang, not only the law and the prophets but also the gospel, have exhibited the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace far more truly and certainly than agreements in creed and organisation. And we may fairly anticipate a time when the teachings and the spirit of Christ shall triumph over the prejudice and the selfishness that we bring into His Church' and join with His work. Then; without sacrifice of the' right private judgment, without abandoning, any prin- ciples that we deem necessary to be maintained, we shall exhibit the oneness of the Church in the best way,if not the only way, in which here on earth it may he shewn. The Church of.the future will not, I conceive, be greatly different from the Church of the present, save that the unity in diversity will be more powerfully felt and more generally acknowledged. And yet we may well think that the different sections of this one Church, will not always re main at their present level. Granting that each one has some special mission to the world, some witnessing for truth that is more effectually done by it than by any other, it does not follow that its relative influence is to be the same as now. It may chance, in the long march of life; that rearguard, and vanguard may change places ; and that, im future con flocts with the kingdom of darkness, those who have already had much fighting and little honour may take command of the centre. Because certain churches have been most potent in past and pasting conditions of society, who is to affirm that they are equal to the demands that the future may bring? The old order changeth. Let those bear sway who develop qualities by which tho great crises of human life are to be met. The greatest among us are to be those who serve the most. Thinking thus, I invite you to consider 2\. The claims of the existing churches to be our true leaders in the coming national life-of Australia ."He that would govern free men must himself be free," is an aphorism as applicable 'to churches as to individuals. By this test chiefly I propose to judge. I will take the Church of Rome first, because she stands apart from all the rest in virtue of her own claims, and by reason of the common judgmsrrt. Proud is her boast, and no wonder. For fourteen centuries out of eighteen she has had pre-eminence and power. During many of them the Papacy seemed coeval with Christendom _«'____ ____», ¿tod f__a__ «a_ _. omnibus,' cannot indeed be said either of her polity or doctrine.- But, Judged "by the influence she has exerted upon the human mind, no Church can compare with her. God grant that none ever may. The empire of the Caesars acknowledged her authority. She bore spiritual rule over all the great nations that came into being when that empire fell—over all save England. Her power has been exerted with almost every form of secular government. Empires, monarchies, dukedoms, republics, have obeyed in turn tho commands of tho Supreme Pontiff. Successive Popes have cherished the dream of Gregory VII., who saw tho whole world as one vast Theocratic State, with all its kings and rulers doing homage to the Viceregent of God. But tho glories of tho past will return no more. Never again will tho thunders of the Vatican shake recusant monarchs from their thrones, nor the terrors of an interdict change the settled purpose of a people. Here, in these new countries, tho reconstruction of society is accompanied by increased liberty in politics and the relaxation of dogma in religion. The constitution of the Papacy is an anachron- ism. It is absolutely opposed to the spirit of Australian life. It necessarily involves unquestioning obedience, tho prostration of mind and will before spiritual superiors. For long years to come the Church of Rome will charm the multitude by her imposing ritual. She will awe weaker minds by the assertion of her power ; she will gather to her self those nobler converts who would find a refuge in in- fallible teaching from the agonising tumult of their own thoughts. But the advancing freedom of Australia will not endure the tyranny of a priesthood which denies in spiritual things the self-determination which is tho crown of our manhood. The Church of Rome cannot be our leader until we cease to be free. But what can be said about the Anglican Church, the community which has been more closely allied than any other with the national government and the national glories of England. It cannot but be that with the employment for centuries, of fabulous public wealth in tho upholding of one particular system of religion, there should have gathered round that system the culture, the refinement, the fashion of society. An ecclesiastical organization that has monopolised the noble churchs, the stately cathedrals, and the great halls of learning, with all their revenues—churches, cathedrals, universities, which belong to tho people but not to Episco- pacy, has had advantages possessed by no other. But now that the Church and State system is passing away, will Episcopacy, though enriched by past gifts, and strengthened by exceptional advantages, continue to hold the same lead- ing and lordly position that she has had in the mother land ? Episcopacy cannot claim to be the Church of Australia as she claims to be the Church of England. If there be full power in her both from inherent truth and proved fitness to be in the very foremost rank, who will grudge the honour ? But if not, who will concede it? I do not think the omens favourable for the lasting influence of Episcopacy in the degree that is now exerted. The divisions of the English church will become more marked with the removal of the control which the State has happily or unhappily exerted. Evangelicism, sacerdotalism, latitudinarianism will assert themselves more strongly. But neither of these will answer wholly to the requirements of a free and earnest people. The Evangelical party is logically bound to alter the Book of Common Prayer ; but as soon as it does it prestige and power will depart. The Sacerdotal party is altogether too arrogant in tho spiritual realm for a people who have won freedom of thought and action. There is much that is attractive in the Latitudinarian or constitutional theory, but it lacks tho intensity of zeal by which converts are made, and it demands an alliance with tho State never again to be conceded. Principal Tulloch, indeed, believes it to be tho only theory not discredited by the course of civilization. He anticipates ' a national church which can embrace all tho varied acclivities of Christian thought and life, which can appropriate instead of repelling the results of scientific discovery, and modify instead of banning even the froward energies of communistic thought. Tho wildest powers of our modern scientific and social life may be brought within its control and purification.' But I see nothing to warrant his hope, either in history or reason, save perhaps the marvellous facility with which hundreds of educated or half-educated young men, at tho outset of a solemn career, when con- science ought to be stern to scrupulosity, subscribe their ' unfeigned assent and consent' to doctrines that they do not understand, or that they distinctly repudiate, or that they believe according to Leoenthall's famous maxim-' Estam est quid impossible est.' The regeneration of tho human soul ('in and by baptism') priestly absolution ('by Christ's authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins,') and the actual importation of the Holy Ghost by Episcopal ordination, who believes in these doctrines of the Book of Common Prayer, save those who are halting upon the borders of the Papacy ? Nor does the history of tho English Church justify tho hope that she will be the true leader of nations born in freedom. A hierarchy must almost of necessity ally itself with tho ruling power. The Anglican hierarchy has been no exception. Dis- passionate students of English history know well enough that Macaulay was justified in writing : ' The Church of England continued to be for more than 150 years tho servile handmaid of monarchy, tho steady enemy of public liberty,' and that Lecky is warranted in saying ' No other church so uniformly betrayed and trampled on tho liberties of her country.' If there were evidence during tho years included in Australian history that the Anglican Church has altered its bearing towards other sects, we might entertain tho hope that an Australian Episcopal Church, might be the leader of all tho Churches in Christian enterprise. But I look in vain for such evidence, though the admirable courtesy of tho late Bishop of Melbourne. and the present Bishops of Sydney and Adelaide, and of more than clergymen in this city, would seem to imply it. Courtesy, however, is not concession. The religious equality we now possess in the eyes ot the law was not con- ceded, but won. The chief champions of tho old order were the Anglican clergy, and tho banner of the establish- ment waved over them in their long but fruitless struggle against the friends of freedom. Endowed with large wealth from the public funds, they yielded, not without grudging a portion of it to such sects as were willing to be dependent on Government bounty ; and then, feebly strengthened by this alliance, they contended for exclusive privilege until the tide of opinion proved too strong to be resisted. Ill preparation this for the leadership in spiritual thinks of a free-thoughted people " Presbyterianism approaches much more nearly to the Republican idea than either of the systems we have con- sidered. Its government is representative and popular, and all its ordained ministers are officially equal. If, according to our idea, there is an undue preponderance of clerical power through the peculiar reverence paid by Scotchmen to the ministerial office, let us remember that it has always been exerted on behalf of the people. If the doctrinal basis of Presbyterianism is one of the most rigid in Christendom, let us not forget that it owns no law save that of tho Bible, and no authority whatever save that of tho Lord Jesus Christ,as King and Head of His Church. But it will not do for a humanly constructed creed to be like the laws of tho Medes and Persians. The Assembly of Divines declared and determined the meaning of Scripture according to their light; but who can believe that, amid the rush of influences which have borne down upon the mind of Europe during two centuries and a half Christian thought was to remain stationary. The history of Presbyterianism has been in accordance with the tendencies I have described. Hopes were entertained in the time of Cromwell that a corporate union would take place between the Presbyterians and Independents. But divergence and separation took place, mainly upon the question of toleration, and tho breach has never been healed. The 'fundamentals' of 1648 were more than our fathers could bear. Here, in Australia, the advance of the Presbyterians has been striking. In Victoria, especially, they bid fair to be the dominant sect. With a creed strictly evangelical, a mode of worship simple and reverent, a learned ministry (at least in their larger churches), a compact organization, and great zeal for religion, all the more effective for being under control, the Presbyterian Church may well look forward to high position in all the Australian colonies. " Wesleyan Methodism has achieved singular triumphs. Born and nurtured in the EstablishedChuroh, and declared by its founder to belong to it, this society of Christians has held on its way, diverging more and more from the Church out of whose bosom it came. It stands connected with our own body in a way not often thought of. The two leaders of Methodism in its early stages were Wesley and Whitfield. The doctrinal views of these two dis- tinguished men were, in some points, antagonistic. Wesley was an Arminian—Whitfield a Calvinist. Tho views they severally held on Church polity separated their, followers into two camps. Whitfield could not brook the spiritual authority vested in the Wesleyan preachers. But he was ill-fitted himself for the work of organization The consequence was that the Methodistic communities founded under his special influence became in the next generation Independent Churches. The great spiritual revival of the past century has left deep traces in our method of teaching. Congregationalism owes not a little to Weslsy and his coadjutors. Until the last few years the actual working of the Wesleyan organization has not been favourable to spiritual liberty. The Conference consisted only of preachers, and the Conference is the supreme tribunal of. Methodism. Happily, as we all know, Christian feeling proved a safe guard against the dangers of clerical power. Yet the power existed,and the possibility of abuse. Now, however, tho danger is averted. The laity have been admitted within the sacred portals of Conference. There can be no doubt, I think, that this great organic change has been brought about by the influence of the colonies. The growth of our freedom of thought rendered it impossible that lay repre- sentation should be excluded from the governing body. And surely then are other changes coming. Tho clerical subscription demanded is too great a strain upon the mind and the conscience. It is too much to expect preachers to endorse all that is set forth in a dozen volumes of didactic and polemical theology.. Greatly should I rejoice to see Methodism get rid of the difficulties that have grown up in its practical working. It has been tho very foremost evangelising agency of the century. God grant that It may retain or win back again this power and honour. But until the system has become free, it cannot be expected to lead a nation of freemen. ' "But what shall I say of the Congregational Churches of Australia ; shall I arrogate for these a supremacy over their sister churches in the 'good time coming' : shall I T**¡LP¿V¡&*V ia spit» of W_torf_id' experi- ence, that in the marshaling of the tribes our standard, -to blazon the scandals of other sects and hush our own abuses and perplexities. Yet, do I believe that the prin otoerf for which we contend, and which we present in our church system perhaps in an exaggerated form are those that ought to be found and that must be found among the higher principles of any Church which is to be tho true leader of Australian Christendom. And who shall hinder the men of our order of thought from claiming to have been among tho foremost in securing the civil and religious freedom we now enjoy ? It is our glory to have been in the van in all the battles which, for these three centuries, have been fought in England for tho enfranchisement of the human mind. Ever since 1650, but especially since 1662, when Parliament and convocation declared that the English Church should he free no more, progressive no more, that her polity and doctrine should be fixed for all coming ages, we have been engaged in the arduous task of rending asunder those fetters forged in an evil time. England will one day recognise the debt of gratitnde she owes to tho Puritans and their legitimate successors, the Independents. They have been sternly faithful to those high convictions which even in their earlier outcome have made our Empire what it is—the freest commonwealth in the world. Their banner has been the banner of freedom, and they have clung to it and fought for it amid cruel persecutions and tho endurance of bitter wrongs. We have a name to be proud of. Our history is writ large in tho rise and growth of the great American Republic. Our principles are em- bodied in tho noble constitution penned by Washington, and in successive Acts of Parliament which have secured liberty of thought and worship for England and her colonies. We are sometimes taunted with having political aspirations, but we have contended on the political arena only against religious tyranny. It is a libel on our name and history to say that we have sought to aggrandise our sect by legal enactments, or to deprive others of their rights. If we believe with tho writers of tho thirty-nine Articles more truly than the Church of England does, that the Church is ' a congregation of faithful men in which the pure Word of God is preached and the sacraments duly administered,' or with Archbishop Whately, that the Churches founded by the apostles were ' distinct and inde- pendent communities, each governed by its own single Bishop,' we do not propound and maintain these views as the only views compatible with Christian doctrine. Neither on tho field of politics nor of theology do we contend for Independency or Congregationalism as tho one divinely appointed system of ecclesiastical polity. We concede to others, and we claim for ourselves the right of determining upon Scriptural grounds the form of Church government. Our contention is not for a creed or a system. It is for liberty—liberty for ourselves, liberty for all, and tho ending of those exclusive privileges which tho State has wantonly granted to those holding a certain belief. And this will we do if God permit until tho Statute book of the Empire has been purged of the last vestige of the intoler- ance of an intolerant age. What then are the omens of the future respecting the position of our own churches in the Christian commonwealth. I do not look for their ascend- ancy, nor do I care for it. True freedom in Christ is possible in other systems as well as in ours. Religious despotism is possible with our polity as well as with others, though within narrower limits. Our truest mission is wrought by successfully upholding the rights of Christian men against tho tyranny of priest, churches, and tho State. But since there are certain forms of church life that have a natural fitness for certain forms of national life, I venture to think that the free Congregational system adopted by the churches of our Union and of the Baptist Union is more in harmony with the democratic institutions of Australia than any other. Our weakness lies in the isolation resulting from our jealously guarded freedom. There can be no strength for aggressive action until we have obtained organic union among our ' distinct independent republics.' And I am not sure that it would not be in greater harmony with democratic insti- tutions if more power in all matters not affecting individual church rights were vested in our ' freely elected deliberative assemblies.' If it be said this is to take up with Presby teral or connexional methods, I reply that it ought to be our aim to adopt in method and organization what seems better contrived in other communities. True hearted loyalty to Christ, and simple desire to serve Him, will be the true elective affinity. Perhaps it may yet be found that Presby tcral order joined to Congregational freedom will be leading features in the Church of the future. "III. The actual relationship between Church and State in Australia, and more especially in this province of New South Wales.-I enter upon the consideration of this subject with much reluctance, but impelled to it by a sense of duty. I shall have to show you that there are abuses against which we need to protest, and some against which wo are called on to contend. It will be my aim to prove to you that it is our bounden duty as citizens of a free State to take common action with all who are of like mind, within and without the Legislature, for the removal of still existing religious dis- abilities. Some will condemn me for speaking so plainly as a novus homo of things which others have long permitted or patiently borne. But perhaps it requires such an one to deal with principles apart from personal application. Let me stand acquitted of entertaining a single uncourteous, much less a single ungenerous, thought about any of my brethren in the ministry, of any sect. If I give public utter- ance to my opinions, and urge them strongly it is because I believe the honour of Christ's kingdom demands it of me. For years past I have made Milton's words my own. ' For me I have determined to lay up as the best treasure and solace of a good old age, if God vouchsafe it me, the honest liberty of free speech from my youth, where I shall think it available in so dear a concernment as the Church's good.' " History of State-aid in the colonies of Australia.—In all tho colonies save one, and that tho smallest in popula tion, we have declared by the voice of the people speaking unmistakably in Pailiament that tho connection between State and Church should be for ever put away. Throughout tho Empire, the conviction has been growing during half a century that an establishment framed in tho days of Queen Elizabeth is not suitable to the reign of Queen Victoria ; that a Church founded when arbitrary power, with the insulting expression of it was rife, is out of harmony with times when the royal authority is exercised with justice and moderation. The free life of the colonies brought this question to an issue nearly twenty years ago. The first step taken was the decision that tho Church of England should no longer be the sole recipient of State bounty. Concurrent endowment was adopted. Other Churches were invited to share in the sum annually voted for tho support of religion. They re- sponded, alas ! too eagerly for their own reputation. But those who gauged the true mind of the people knew that this was but a compromise, and that the end was not far distant. It lasted long enough, however, to injure the fair fame of two Protestant Churches, whose principles and his- tory alike ought to have preserved them from such a fatal mistake. It will always be remembered against them that for a few years in the early history of Australia they accepted State pay, and subjected themselves to State con- trol. The game was not worth the candle, even upon the very lowest ground of expediency. The next step was the passing of Acts of Parliament declaring that from and after a certain day all further grants in aid of religion would cease, saving the vested rights of those who were in actual receipt of such grants. This, at least, was the method adopted in New South Wales and Queensland and Tas- mania. But it will be worth while for me to refer to the colonies in order. Certain facts of interest and importance will then come out. " South Australia is the only colony that has been free from the entanglements of State-aid in support of religion. It was founded chiefly by Congregationalists, and founded upon tho distinct recognition of the voluntary principle. Attempts were repeatedly made to obtain Parliamentary subsidies, but happily they failed. And you know, if only from the columns of the daily Press of this city, how high the people of that colony stand in the estimation of their fellows. I myself can assert, for I know them wall, that in political intelligence, in social morality, and in the philanthropy that is the best evidence of religious life, they are not excelled, if even they are equalled, by the people of any colony in the Empire. By them alone has the ' land settlement' question—the burning question of Australian life—been satisfactorily determined. And I will maintain that very much of their honourable national character, and very much of their true and diffused prosperity, is due to the fact that religious influence has never been weakened and deteriorated by State-pay. " Queensland was the first of tho Australian colonies to sever the connection between Church and State. For one year only was the union allowed to exist. The color was founded in 1859. By an Order of Council in the year £1000 per annum was devoted to the support of religion ; but in 1860, within three months after the assembling of the first Parliament, ' The State Aid Discontinuance Act' was passed. Reservation was made that all ministers of religion then in receipt of stipends should continue to enjoy them as long as they resided and officiated in the colony. At the present time three clergymen-two of the Church of England and one of the Church, of Scotland—are receiving a total of £350 a-year. Great care has been taken in tho wording of the Land Acts, to guard against the principle being infringed. "New South Wales, two years later, followed the example of Queensland. From the foundation of the colony large grants have been made from tho public Treasury for the support of religion. I have found it impossible to get any accurate account of these previous to the passing of the Constitution Act in 1856., By schedule C of that Act, the sum of £28,000 was reserved for public worship, and was divided among four denominations In December 20 of that year the Royal assent waa riven to the Grants for Public Worship Prohibition Act. By this Act previous laws were repealed. Clause 2 contains the gist of ¡-" No stipend or allowance whatsoever shall be paid out of public moneys after tho passing of this Act, to any minis- ter of religion not then in receipt of some such stipend or allowance." Clause 3 continues existing stipends as long as the ministers in receipt of them continue to officiate 'under lawful authority? State aid at present in New SoUth Wales is therefore a perpetually diminishing quantity, and will legally end, so far as appropria- tions from tho public funds are concerned, when the last) incumbent dies or removes from the colony. From the Statistical Register of 1877, I find the appropriation stands thus :-Church of England,_S9808 11s. 2d. ; Roman Catholic Church, £6024 Is. 2d-; Presby- terians. £1702 j Wesleyans, £1715 12*. 6d- : making a total of £18,245 4s. 9d. at present devoted from the con- solidated fund to the endowment of religion. " Tasmania did not give in her adhesion until 1869. Excessive endowments had created powerful vested interests, and the struggle was protracted and severe. Under the Constitution Act, no leas a sum than £15,000 per umuun was reserved for publio worship ; and under Act 26 Via, No. 17, this sum was distributed as follows-:-Church of England, £8770; Roman Catholic Church, £3466; Presbytarians,£1601 ; Wesleyans,£1100; Jews,£62. ta» and came ia 1869, when under Act 32. Vic Kb. 30, pro- vision was mad» for the commutation of- the £16^00-a year, by the payment of £100,000, to be divided ratafcrjr amoBg the Churches that then participated in the pant. The Church of England accordingly lecetved £68,000, the Roman Catholio Church, £3&fl00; ; thol^e_yter_as,r__tly £11,000, the Wesleyans, above £7000 ; the Jews, £420 " Victoria WMAIOE* tin» iaiJ_^-Bp_T__L Instha days of the agitation against State aid she was in the height of her riches and her early renown. The gold-fields poured what seemed an inexhaustible store of wealth into the public treasury. To refuse the comparatively small sum that had been granted for religion was looked on by many as base in- gratitude to Divine providence. But when the change was mads it was more thorough than in either of the other colonies, On January 6.1871, the Royal assent was given to ' an Act to provide for the abolition of State Aid to religion.' The 1st clause provides that ' from and after 31st December, 1876, no moneys shall be set apart for the ad- vancement of the Christian religion in Victoria,' and tho 2nd clause provides that no reservation shall be made of Crown lands for places of public worship, or dwelling-houses for the ministers of any religious denomination after July 1, 1870\. Thus it will be seen that all grants of land ceased on July 1,1870, and all grants of money on December 81, 1875. "Western Australia is the only colony in which there has been no legal disseverance of Church and State, but then it is tho only one that is de facto a crown colony. There are ecclesiastical districts with a Church of England chaplain in each, enjoying a moderate Govern- ment stipend. Grants in aid are also made for tho erection of churches and parsonages. Thirteen clergymen receive about £1400 from the Colonial chest, and about tho samo amount from the Imperial Treasury. The Roman Catholics and Wesleyans have successfully preferred their claim to concurrent endowment, Tho former receive about £500 a-year from the colonial revenue, and the latter about £150. A sum of £75 per annum is put on the Estimates for a Presbyterian minister, but no application has been made for it as yet. Thero is no Presbyterian Church in the colony. The home Government has, however, intimated that the Imperial grant will gradually cense dt tho rate of about £100 per annum, com- mencing next year ; and if, as appears probable, the boon of self-government is soon conceded, there can be no doubt that Western Australia wiü follow tho' example of the Eastern colonies. " From this brief account of the struggles and suc- cesses of voluntaryism, it will be seen that tho Church and State system is ended. The mode of bringing it to a conclusion was somewhat varied. Victoria allowed the recipients of State bounty to have five years enjoyment of their grants. After the passing of the Act of Prohibition Tasmania bought them out by paying down a lump sum equivalent to seven years State pay. 2few South >Vales and Queensland provided for tho continued payment of endowments until the cessation of tho servieo of thoso who received them. Before leaving this I should like to refer to some impartial testimony bome by certain leading men of the Churches affected by this legislation. The Bishop of Adalaide has on many occasions declared that the voluntaryism of South Australia has done much for tho Episcopal churches of that colony. Tho late Bishop of Mel- bourne said at a pubho banquet in Sydney, in 1859, re- ferring to concurrent endowment, that ' 1 to could not odovo cate a system which equally favoured truth and error.' Tho Bishop of Victoria, Hongkong, at the same gathering expressed tho hope that tho Metropolitan Diocese of Sydney might for ever render herself ' indépen- dant of State-aid and political support, and go for- ward hopefully on her errand of mercy and mission of love, free, unimpeded, and unfettered by the disabilities and restraints of tho Church at home.' At a meeting of the 'Wesleyan Church Extension and Sustentation Society,' held in Sydney on June 4,1859, the Rev. George Hurst, new the President of Conference, said, amid great applause, after referring to tho probable speedy termination of State-aid :-' The sooner the better. Methodism wants no State-aid. It has had none in our Fatherland, where it has attained so high and honourable a position. It has had no State-aid in America, and yet it is the largest Protestant church in that country ; and I verily believe that when State aid shall cease in this country, Methodism and true religion will advance with for more rapid strides than they have hitherto done.' I would we could .see among tho Wesleyans and the Presbyterians of to-day a spirit answer- ing to those noble words of Mr. Hurst. They would they rise as one men and free themselves from the reproach which too many are ready to cast upon them. It will soon bo rendered for ever impossible by effluxion of time. " State-Aid in New South Wales.-I wish, now to call your attention to the way in which tho Government of this colony continues to endow religion. Most people, I believe, are under tho impression that there .has been simple and even-handed justice in this matter, and that we have only to wait until the lives of certain recipients of State bounty fall in for a complete root and branch destruction of the old policy. I shall show you that it is m >t so. I shall prove that there is almost as much necessity as thero was twenty years ago for popular agitation in til V interests of 1'ustice. The history of State pay in this co fony is not a ittlo wonderful if not a little scandalous. How' much was paid to the establishment before the granting c t Constitu- tional Government can bo known only to those ñ titiated into the mysteries of the Imperial archives. WhaiV vast sums must have been expended m this direction during r the long years stretching from 1787 to 1855 moy be jud bed from a single fact. In 1828, with a population of 36,5! 18, tho cost of the Episcopal establishment was £22,000. Ex uno dites omnes. Ido not find the scandal very gre-J fly abated. Indeed in one souse it may bo said to be inoree«3_j, because State pay is continued now in defiance of the «tear decision of the people »gainst it. The Nfoik) wing aro the twisting Government grants in subsidy of religion:-L. DemMnina tional schools, yearly vote. 2. Ptotestant and ¿Wan Catholio Orphanages at Parramatta '(£7500 by vote, * p told- I ing decision as to their future organisation.') sV201 chaplains of gaols, £955 per annum. 4. Grants of L *nd as sites for churches, schools, and parsanagee. 5. Fen la- ment endowment of three Denominational colleges. £16 «0 per annum, with building grants up to £20,000 each,, m aid of equal amounts subscribed by the college- forth o same purpose; and ten act- of land to each ou S of the University Reserve. (Affiliated Colleges Act/ assented to December 2, 1864.) 6. Salaries to ministers ' of religion who were in Government pay in 1862, £18,245 4s. 9d. This is, of course, decreasing as _e ministers die or leave the colony. 7. Granta to denominations from the ' Church and School Estate.' In 1877 the anumntwas £4110 7s. 6d. Taken altogether this seems a very consider- able violation of the principles laid down in 1836, when religious equality became law, and especially of those laid down in 1862, when the Act was passed absolutely prohibit- ing future giants oi money from the publio funds tor par poses of religion. There will be gt-est-differences ot-opinion regarding the various items in the list. Let it be "heeded, for the sake of argument, that the payment of salaries to the ministers of 1862 is an act of justice, that <_e vote to' denominational schools, to the Protestant _n_ Cstholio orphanages, and to the chaplaincy of gaols may be( defended, , if not justified, on the score of expediency, that the grants j of land as sites for churches and parsonages may not be i altogether inappropriate to the circumstances of country settlement; but who that believes in the principles far which we contend, principles which are now embodied in the legislation of this province, will seek to justify the endowments of Denominational professors, the building' grants to Denominational colleges, or the grants made for : purely Denominational purposes out of the ' Church and School Estate.' I do not hesitate to say that the ' Affili- ated College Act ' is in absolute fuller antagonism to the 'Prohibition Act,' and ought to be repealed on the einrplest axiom of constitutional law. Thero need bo no semblance i of injustice. The three professors might enjoy -for their term of office the £500 each now granted, and then-the end should como. > " Church and School Estate.-But the question bf the Church and School Éstate is by far the most important, and to that I draw your special attention, because, in my opinion, every effort ought to be made to obtain imme- diate legislation in regard to it. To some of you, perhaps,. the story connected with it is sufficiently ra__li_r. To some of you it will be altogether new. Let me tell it in as few words as I can. In the research necessary for this I have been greatly assisted by two able articles; in the ' Sydney Morning Herald, of July 7th and 9th, 1824. But I have been at no small amount of pains to verify all my leading facts by an examination of State Papers and Parlia- mentary debates. In the year 1826, little more than fifty years ago, a charter was granted in favour of the Church of England of New South Wales, by one of the most profligate and worthless monarchs that ever sat upon the English throne. Whether George IV. was suffering from remorse, and was seeking to propitiate the favour of Heaven, by endowing religion with the property of his subjects, cannot be known with certainty, but by this charter a corporation was created, ' for the religious instruc- tion and education in the principles of the Church of Eng- land of the whole of the inhabitants' of New South Wales. The endowment of the corporation, with- out in the least degree affecting the Royal revenues, was upon the most extensive scale. His Majesty's instructions were that it was to include one-seventh of the lands of the entire colony, a This, it appears, was not aotually included in the charter, but in the instruc- tions issued to Governor Darling he was required, 'to réserve one-seventh of tho Crown lands in each hundred and county for the purpose of maintaining the Church and school establishment.' The committee of the Corporation sought again and again to obtain legal possession ofl the entire quantity of land, but were obliged to content them selves in 1829 with the modest amount of about 460,1100 acres b of the most fertile and the most favourably-situated that could be obtained. ' The lands were selected i in favoured localities. They were not only well situated, but, in some instances, abut upon towns of rising import- ance.' c. In tho year 1833 the Corporation was dissolved by an order in Council. It was provided in the charter that, in such an event, the lands should; revert to the Crown, ' to be held, applied, and disposed of in such manner as should appear most conducive to the maintenance and promotion or religion and the education of the youth of the colony.' Archdeacon Broughton was at that time at the head of thu- rn__-_?»-«^i ?» * - --. "raren ox longland, and ho at once claimed tho whole of the lands for his church. Sir Richard Bourke, the governor, however decided that they should be applied to the main- tenance and promotion of religion and education generally. The Secretary of State endorsed the view, of the Governor, adding that the archdeacon had been made bishop. d Ever since that time the great controversy, not yet settled, hue been whether the lands so reverting to the Crown wore to be dealt with as subject to the trusts created by the charter ; or whether they were to be regarded as waste lands of the Crown, and the revenue of them as part of the consolidated revenue to be appropriated by Parliament. In 1846, the Executive Council recommended, and the Home Govern» maat decreed, that 2-7ths of the annual balance should he devoted to Denominational, National, and Public schools, and the remaining 6-7ths should be divided among the four sects, than receiving Gtorernxoent tenaty in proportion to the census of 1841. As may well a. Despatch to Governor Darling, Pehruary 14, ISSU ». ptepsteh of Governor Young, September 21, UBI. ' ? > e. fceport Select Committee, April 24, I860. be supposed this called forth the severest animadversions of thW: friends of religious equality and freedom,e but-years rolh d on, and nothing was done. In 1869 a. select com- mit» - ee of the Legislative Assembly was appointed, which, nita r prolonged investigation, and after obtaining the opia ions of the best colonial lawyers, gave in its report the foIU tho i -eport:-'The legality of tho corporation, tho validity of fl io grants, tho appropriation of tho Tovonues derived fron i them, if now left unsettled, may in future times be frufl ful sources of dispute, perhaps of that bane of society roka ions animosity. "Doubts~ or difficulties connected with then icon never-be more easily adjusted than at present. Tali ing all tho circumstances of the case into consideration, yoi» . committee are of opinion that tho lands are waste lands of ti io Crown, and recommend that your honorable House sho^ dd take immediate steps for the passing of an Act to remove all doubts on tho subject.' '* In accordance with tho spirit and terms of this reporfc thert most strenuous efforts were mado to obtain the needed legHr-ilation. Twicoin 1861 bills were brought forward for detji-.u-ing the Church and School Lands wasto lands of the Cr» .vn./. Both timos they passed the Lower Houso, but Wftfl J rejected in the Upper. Resolutions wero_l_o carried in i ho Legislativo Assembly,-' That tho appropriation of ret H -nue without tho sanction of tho House is unconstitu-i tío to al, and that tho rovenue of the Church and School1 es1 _ to ought to be paid into tho consolidated fund, and y Bul kj eot to the votes of tho House,' but the Govemmen* wo u Id not act upon thom. Sir John Young, who ^as then Go ra ernor, submitted tho whole caso to the Seoretary for tit« Co le nies. Sir William Atherton and Sir Roundell Palmer,! th( » 1 egal advisers of the English Crown, gave their opinion, an' li it was submitted to tho colonial legislature. They con- ch; tíí K1 that the Church and School lands had been dedicated am I « >et apart for public uso, and therefore were not waste lan tía i of tho Crown, and hence they were subject to tho trusts set forth in tho C&orter.; Bui they advised that the matter should be settled by 1 ogislation, and thus placed beyond the reach controversy. g. The Duke of Newcastle, then al the ihr sad of the Colonial Office, recommended this step, and even i said that any Act passed need not be reserved for ben Maja ty's pleasure, provided the rights of individuals wore socuii d. h. Still nothing was dono: vested intarestB'wera too sin ong. In 1S62, Mr. Robertson (now Sir John.Robert son) ii «reduced'a bill to sell the Church and SchoolJanda by auctiq u, and devote the proceeds to tho support of reJigicm and « Lucation, subject to the vote of Parliament ; but it-was wroc_ ed by an amendment of the Council. In 1862 and 1863 ¡1 auls wera again brought-forward to declaro the lands wasf» lands of the Crown, but were not passed. At tha doss* )f the latter year Mr. Macpherson introduced'another. by vrl lieh five trustees were to be appointed, one far each oi tho Ee ur sects, and a fifth to represent other Christians and Jew ES and among tho five religious bodies thus determined the ,ni arts and interests of the Church and School Estate wore> ( to bo divided. ». This bill passed through the corn mi tt se , but was stopped by the prorogation in the following year- Ten years later fin July, 1873), Sir Henry Parkes*» Govt« imcnt gavo full effect to tho policy of irresponsiblí appro] riation. j. £90,000, tho result of land sales, was investi d in 4 per cent, stock, and the revenue placed at tin dispoa J of tho Council of tho Church and Sohool Estate. In thai courso of tho debate on this measure Sir Jamel Martin said that the amount of the trust funds then in tb hands-4 af Government was £220,000, and he taunted t h Govera mont with investing only £90,000. »ho inference, of cou- se would bo that the remainder was need for th«. ordinaa y purposos of government. But on carefully oon sultin;ä the Stato papéis pievious to 1873 I cannot discover evident o in support of tina. All, or nearly all, that hai been di -rived from the salo of lands, oxclusivo of survey chorgta i and tho sums paid to schools and to the religious bodies, appears to me to havo been invested. "Sii .co 1873 thero has been no fresh legislation. AddiV I tionol.; sales havo been mode, and the amounts invested,' I The I là lonco to the oredit of the Church and Sohool Estate on ; Deceml ier-31,1877, was no less than £173,446 14s. 9d. A. State mi -its ore conflicting as to the amount of land actiialhj alien ile d, but from a Parliamentary return (Mr. Stewart, 1874)(it appears that up to the end of 1873 101,716 acres were-dii posed of. There cannot be much less than 300,000 acratna w in tho hands of tho trustees. The revenue foi 1877" da rived from rents and interests was £10,050 13s. Id., a su-aï m uch less than wo should have expected. Of thii £21.'32 wj ant for survey and commission charges, £1644 5s. öd. was da roted to schools, £4110 7s. od. waa divided omuag ti ie four churahes, thus : Church, of England. £24_0 13 s. 3d.; Roman Catholics. £1050 0s. 7d. : Presby- terians, £418 16s. 6d.; Wesleyans, £230 17s. _d. RccBpitrJ lation : I have felt it needful to go somewhat into det-tl, b« causo it is warranted by the importance of tho issues inq olved, but chiefly because little credit would bet .given to ¡ general statements made by me, unsupported by .facts and figures. And now I beg you to look at thia .matter fal rly and dispassionately, and say if tho principles that ough t to govern the relation between the State and! religion, a nd which have been recognised as regnanx in this; colony, na in all "ustralia, aro not openly and systemati- cally viola ted. Here is a committee of gentle-en acting as | -trustees fa r a huge pnhlio estate, which has been morally, if not legally invalid, since the passing of tho Act for tho total PTohibitiot. of State-aid to religion. Hore aro four j religions i leoonánatioiis, knowing well that State-aid hot been aboli) hed by Parliament, receiving at the hands of this committee (Parliament having no voice in the matter) large suma an pt tally. And now cou to mind that this charter wa« created Iby a monarch, whose nome is a disgrace to the lons ! line of English sovereigns, a monarch who intended to hand! «ver one-seventh of the lands of all Aus« tralla fipr the _ endowment of tho Episcopal Church, that this legality of this charter ob initw has been called io. question by some of the ablest lawyers oi of New Elonth Wales, that a select committee of the Legis- lative AsBembly, the Crown lawyers of England, and tin i Duke of Newcastle as Secretary of State, oil recommended ' iresh leg islation for the settlement of this ' fruitful sourc« oi rdigic ras animosity,' that throe times at least the populai branch of'the Legislature has decided in favour of putting f_9 estate? into the hands of Parliament-call to mindai] t be-phaiiet in the history of the Church and sohool lands. ai »d' tal mp if it is not time in the interests of the State, o] re til ^CB, I »had almost said of public morality, that an Act "pi Id speedily be passed. A religious whim of sairre Kairt is sovereign has ahsady cost the colony half a oentury of set-tarina dissension end bitterness, and a worse than ásele» e ero__it_re of a quarter of a million of publia ¿monej -. Not a word cato be said against the oonunittee. They i ire aQ honourable gentlemen- Nar is much blame ta be ni taohed to the four denominations. They believe in the endowment of religion by the State, and must i lot be condemned for acting np to their prin- ciples. But if their principles are not those of the peoj >le generally, if thoy aro in absolute antagonism , with tho legislation of the colony, if the actual distribution pi the mi moy thoy receive is in derogation of the original trust (foi . by the trust it belongs to tile Church of England and to no other), then surely it ia time that thds grievoiu public sea ndal be put away. It is contrary to the canstitu 'timthat»! large pubHo estate, worth three-quarters of o minion ofl money, and the revenues derivable from it, should bo ibeyond the control of Parliament. It is opposed to thi Battlement^ of tho "uotry, and to the just rights of selector, that\so lari b3 a quantity of the best lands should be shut ni from¡seleo4ionwhilo leased and sold to capitalists. Th« evils «that are wrought by this stato of things is incaculablo. 4 Yomcan^_rolyî_agiue,' wrote a member of Parliament to me the .other day, ' tho political corruption that springs; from tbesoiremnants of State-nid in the colony.' But my chief p\Jea is on behalf of religion. I think it could be prov ed toidemonstration that a largo amount of the bittes sectarian fceüng which works such woo to the commonwealth is distinttly traceable to the continuance of Government endowme.it. If the mutual jealousy fostered and strength enened by 'unequal and unjust distribution of publio money produces s uoh evils within the realm of politics, what mus( it be in the\ domain of religion proper ? The philanthropit institutions >of the provinco are oankored by the curse oi sectarianism)« scarcely a public charity can DO administered without soanwalous conflict. The publio platform is dis- graced by in- rectives and diatribes which are a shame to Christianity. _ I have seen advertisements summoning ta .. - - - - people hw been parcelled out into little compartments for tin sects. All this I know is the abuse* of religion, but if Government is in league with those who 'abus« religion, much of tho blame must lie at their door. What hope or help in this sod state of the body pofitio t None, until Christians have learnt rightly to interpret thai* duty to Christ and loyally to oleave to bim, heedless of tha dicta of priests and churches. Our-relation to Government^ however, is simple enough. As integral parts of tha governing power we have to confine Casar to 'the tilinga that are Caesars.' The complete seon_-_catk_ of Au_tr_H_n politics is demanded in order that we may render to Go_ * the things that ore God's.' " The Chairman -was warmly app-uded-t tin_t _l__g_onf the delivery of the address, ana. at its close _ hearty -vote o\ thanks waa accorded to him on the motion of thefiev. R. Ti Hrx-S, seconded by the Rev. J. P. Cci_rar. The GHAI&S;ÍAS having acknowledged t_oor_jK___«_fi the meeting closed with the benediction. s. Despatch, Governor Tbnfur, September ti, 18*1. , /. Hills by Mr. Wilson, april 11, Ita . Oetobor 1, itót. p. law officer« of Crown to Duke of MaposaOs, Jmwmxt VI, ma. h. Despatch Duke of Tfmrniiiitlii tn Till Tiilin Tliiinpj Ti imjsTOj, 1862\. ? t. BUI Mr. Macpherson. December IT. 1863. j See debate, Sydney Morning Mimili, October-. IM. %Staii$tioalS¿gU&fVSn.; ^ 