THE HAUNTED HOTEL. A MYSTERY OF MODERN VENICE. BY Wrr,KIE COLUNS. chapter xvhi. Before the end of the week the Manager found himself in relations with "the family" once. more. A telegram from Milan announced that.Mr. Francis Westwick would arrive in Venice on the next day; and would be obliged if Number Fourteen, on the first floor, could be reserved for him in the event of its being vacant at the time. The Manager paused to consider before lie issued bis directions. The renumbered room had been las: let to a French gentleman. It would b>• occupied on the day of Mr. Francis Westwick's arrival, but it would be empty again on the day after. Would it be well to reserve the room for the special occu pation of Mr. Francis? and when he had passed the night unsuspiciously and comfortably in. " No. 13A," to ask him in the presence of witnesses how he like I iiia bedchamber ? - In this case, if the ceutation of the room happened to be called question again, the answer would vindicate it, on the evidence of a member of the very family which had first given Number Fourteen a bad name. After a little reflection the Manager decided on trying the experiment, and directed that "13A" should be reserved accordingly. On the next day Francis Westwick arrived in excellent spirits. He had signed agreements with the most popular dancer in Italy; he had transferred the charge of Mrs. Norbury to his brother Henry, who-had joined him in Milan ; and he was now at fall liberty to amuse himself by testing in every possible way the extraordinary influence exercised over his relatives by the new hoteL When his brother and sister first told him what their experiev.ce had been, he instantly declared that he would go to Venice in the interest of his theatre. The circumstances related to him contained invaluable hints for a ghost-drama. _The title occurred to him in the railway : '*"' The Haunted Hotel." Post that in red letters six feet high on a black ground all over Lond, and trust the excitable public to crowds into the theatre ! Received with the politest attention by the Manager, Francis met with disappointment on entering the hoteL "Some mistake, Sir. No such room on the first floor as Number Fourteen. The room bearing that number is on the second floor, and has been occupied by me from the day when the hotel opened. Perhaps you meant number 1.3A, on the first *oor ? It will be at your service tomorrow—a charming room. In the meantime, we will do the best we can for you to-night." A man who is the successful Manager of a theatre is probably the last man in the civilised universe who is capable of being impressed with favourable opinions of his fellow-creatures. Francis privately set the Manager down as a humbug, and the story about the numbering of the rooms as a lie. On the day of his arrival he dined by himself in the restauranl|J)efore the hour of the table d'hfite, for the express purpose of questioning the waiter without being overheard by anybody. The answer led him to the conclusion that " 13A" occupies the situation in the hotel which had been described by his brother and sister as the situation of " 14." He asked next for the Visitors' List; and found that the French gentleman who then occupied " 13A" was the proprietor of a theatre in Paris, personally well known to him. Was the gentleman then in the hotel? He had gone out, but would certainly return for the table d'hote. When the public dinner was over Francis entered the room, and was welcomed by his Parisian colleague literally with open arms. " Come and have a cigar in my room," said the friendly Frenchman. " I want to hear whether you have really engaged that woman at Milan or not." In this easy way Francis found his opportunity of comparing the interior of the \- room with the description which he had heard of it at Milan. Arriving at the door, the Frenchman bethought himself of his travelling companion. " My scene-painter is here with me," he said, "on the look-out for materials. An excellent fellow, who will take it A3 a kindness if we ask Mm to join us. I'll tell the porter to send him up when lie comes in." He handed the key of his room to Francis. " I will be back in a minute. It's at the end of the corridor—13 A." Francis entered the room alone. There were the decorations on the walls and the ceiling, exactly as they liad been described to him ! He had just time to perceive this at a glance, before his attention wa3 diverted to himself and his own sensations, by a grotesquely-disagreeable occurrence which took him completely by surprise. He became conscious of a mysteriouslyoffensive odour in the room, entirely new iu his experience of revolting smells. I; was composed (if such a thing could be j of two mingling exhalations, which were separately- discoverable exhalations never theless. This strange blending of odour* consisted of something faintly and unpleasantly aromatic, mixed with another underlying smell, so unutterably sickening that he threw open the window, and put his head out into the fresh air, unable to endure the horribly-infected atmosphere for a moment longer. The French proprietor joined his English friend, with his cigar alreaity lit. le started back in dismay at a sight terrible to his countrymen in general—the sight of an open window. " You English people are perfectly mad on the subject of fresh air !" he exclaimed. " We shall catch our deaths of cold." Francis turned, and looked at him in astonishment. "Are you really not aware otthe smell there is in the room lie asked. "Smell!" repeated his brother Manager. "Ismell my own good cigar- Try one yourself. And for heaven's sake sh ut the window !" Francis declined the cigar by a sign. "Forgive me," he said. "I will leave you to close the window. I feel faint and giddy—I bad belter go out;" He put his handkerchief over his nose and mouth, and crossed the room to the door.' , The Frenchman followed the movements of Francis in such a state of bewilderment that he actually forgot to seize the opportunity of shutting out the fresh air." " Is it so nasty as that?" he asked with a broad stare of amazement. " Horrible !" Francis muttered behind his handkerchief. " I never smelt anything like it in my life !" There was a knock at the door. The scene-painter appeared. His employer instantly asked him. if he smelt anything. " I smell your cigar!. Delicious ! Give me one directly!" " Wait a minute. Besides my cigar, do you smell anything else—vile, abominable, overpowering, indescribable^ never. —never—neverr—smelt before 1" The scene-painter appeared to. be puzzled by the Vehement energy of the, language addressed to him. " The room is as fresh and sweet as a room can be," he answered. As he spoke he looked back with astonishment at Francis Westwick, standing outside in the corridor, and eyeing thu interior of the bedchamber with an expression! of undisguised disgust. The Parisian Director approached his English colleague, and looked at h!m with grave and anxious scrutiny. " J '" " Yeu see, my friend, here are two of us, with as good noses as your's, who smell nothing. If you want evidence from more noses, look there !" He pointed to two little English girls at play in the corridor. " The door of my room is wide open— and you know how fast a smell can travel. Now listen while I appeal to these innocent noses, in the language of tlieir own , dismal island. My little loveB, do you sniff a nasty .smell here—ha?". The children burst out laughing, and answered emphatically, " No." " My good Westwick," the Frenchman resumed, in his own language, " the conclusion is sorely plain ! There iB something wrong, very wrong, with your own nose. I recommend you to see a medical man." Having given that advice, lie returned to his room, and shut out the horrid fresh air with a loud exclamation of relief. Francis left the hotel by the lanes that led to the square of St. Mark. The night breeze soon revived him. He was able to light a cigar, and to think quietly over what had happened. CHAPTER XIX. Avoiding the crowd under the colonnades, Francis walked slowly up and down the noble open space of the square, bathed in the light of the rising moon. Without being aware of it himself he was a thorough materialist. The strange effect produced on him by the room— following on the other strange effects produced on the other relatives of his dead brother—exercised no perplexing influence over the mind of tins sensible man. "Perhaps," he reflected, "my temperament is more imaginative than I supposed it to be—and this is a trick played on me by my own fancy ! Or, perliaps my friend is right, something is physically amiss with me ! I don't feel, ill, certainly. But that is no safe criterio n sometimes. I am not going to sleep in that abominable room to-night—I can well wait till to-morrow to decide whether I shall speak to a doctor or not. In the meantime, the hotel doesn't seem likely to supply me with the subject of a piece. A terrible smell from an invisible ghost is a perfectly new idea. But it has one drawback—if I realize it on the stage, I shall drive the audience out of the theatre." As his strong common sense arrived at this facatiom conclusion, he became aware of a lady, dressed entirely in black, who was observing him with marked attention. "Am I right in supposing you to be Mr. Francis Westwick?" the lady asked, at the moment when he looked at her. " That is my name, Madam. May I enquire to whom I have the honour of speaking ?" " Wehaveonly met once," sheanswered a little evasively, "when your late brother introduced me to the members of his family. I wonder if you have quite forgotten my big black eyes and my hideous complexion ?" She lifted her veil as she spoke, and turned so that the moonight rested on her face. Francis recognised at a glance the woman of all others whom he most cordially disliked—the widow of his dead brother, the first Lord Montbarry. He frowned as he looked at her. His experience on the stage, gathered at innumerable rehearsals with actresses who had sorely tried his temper, had accustomed him to speak roughly to women who were ie tasteful to him. " I remember you," t e said. "I thought you were in America!" She took no notice of his ungracious tone and manner; she simply stopped him when he lifted his hat and turned to leave her. " Let me walk with you for a few minutes," she quietly replied. " I have something to say to you." e He showed her his cigar. : I am smoking," he said. " I don't mind smoking." After that there was nothing to be done (short of downright brutality) but to yield He did it with the worst possible grace. " Well," he resumed, " what do you want of me?" " You shall hear directly, Mr. Westwick. Let me first tell you what my position is. I am alone in the world. To the loss of my husband has now been added another bereavement, the loss of my companion in America, my brother— Baron Rivar." The reputation of the Baron, and the doubt which scandal had thrown on his assumed relationship to the Countess, were well known to Francis. " Shot in a gambling saloon?" he asked, brutally. "The question is a perfectly natural one on your part," she said, with the impenetrably ironical manner which she could assume on certain occasions. " As a native of horse-racing England you belong to a nation of gamblers. My brother died no extraordinary death, Mr. Westwick. He sank, with many other unfortunate people, under a fever prevalent in a Western city which we happened to visit. The calamity of his loss made the United States unendurable to me. I left by the first steamer that sailed from New York—a French vessel, which brought me to Havre« I continued my lonely journey to the south of France And then I went on to Venice." " What does all • this matter tome?" Francis thought to himself. She paused, evidently expecting him to say something. " So you have come to Venice '!" lie said carelessly: "Why?"' "Because I couldn't help it," she aDsweredi Francis looked at her with cynic il curiosity. "That sounds odd," he remarked. '' Why. couldn't you help it;" . " Women ' are • accustomed to act on impulse,", she explained " Suppose we say j that an impulse has directed my journey.? - And yet this is the last place in the world that I wish to-find myself in. Associations that 1 detest are connected with it in my mind. If I . had a will of my own, I would never see it again. . I -liate -Venioe. As yon see, however, I ain here." When did you meet with such an unreasonable woman before?' Never I am sure !" - Sheetopped, eyed him for a' moment, and suddenly altered her tone. " When is Miss Agnes Lockwood expected to be in Venice ?" she asked. " It was not easy to throw Francis off his balance, but that extraordinary question did it. " How the devil did you know that Miss Lockwood was coming to Venice ?" he exclaimed. She laughed—a bitter mocking laugh. " Say, Iigjuessed it!" Something in her tone, or perhaps something in the audacious defiance of her eyes, as they rested on him, roused the quick temper that was in Francis Westwick. "Lady Montbarry " be began. " Stop there !" she interposed. " Your brother Stephen's wife calls herself Lady Montbarry now. I share my title with no woman. Call me by my name, before I committed the fatal mistake of marrying your brother. Address me, if you please,' as Countess Narona." "CounteBS Narona," Francis resumed," " if your object in claiming my acquaintance is to mystify me, you have come to the wrong man. Speak plainly, or permit me to wish you good evening." " If your object is to keep Miss Lockwood's arrival in Venice a secret," she retorted, " speak plainly, Mr. Westwick, on your side, and say so." Her intention was evidently to irritate him, and she succeeded. " Nonsense !" he broke out petulantly. "My brother's travelling arrangements are secrets to nobody. He brings Miss Lockwood here, with Lady Montbarry and the children. As you seem so well-informed, perhaps you know why she is coming to Venice ?" The Countess had suddenly become grave and thoughtful. She made no reply. The two strangely-associated companions having reached one extremity of the square, were now standing before the church of St. Mark. The moonlight was bright enough to show the architecture of the grand cathedral in its wonderful variety of detail. Even the pigeons of St. Mark were visible, in dark closelypacked rows, roosting in the archways of the great entrance doors. "I never saw the old church look so beautiful by moonlight,"the Countess said quietly—speaking, not to Francis, but to herself. " Good-bye, St. Mark's by moonlight ! I shall not see you again." She turned away from the church, and saw Francis listening to her with wondering looks. " No," she resumed, placidly picking up the lost thread of the conversation, "Idon't know why Miss Lockwood is coming here ; I only know that we are to meet in Venice." " By previous appointment ?" " By destiny," she answered, with her head on her breast, and her eyes on the ground. Francis burst out laughing: " Or, if you like it better," she instantly resumed, " by what fools call chance." Francis answered easily, out of the depths of his common sense. '' Chance seems to be taking a quedr way of bringing the meeting about," he said. " We have all arranged to meet at the Palace HoteL How is it that your name is not on the visitors' list ? Destiny ought to have brought you to the Palace Hotel too." She abruptly pulled down her veil. "Destiny may do thatyet!" she said. " The Palace Hotel?" she repeated, speaking once more to herself. " The old hell, transformed into a new purgatory. The place itself." JeBus Maria! the place itself!" She paused, and laid her hand on her companion's arm. "Perhaps Miss Lockwood is not going there with the rest of you ?" she burst out with sudden eagerness. " Are you positively sure she will be at the hotel ?" " Positively ! Haven't I told you that Miss Lockwood travels with Lord and Lady Montbarry? and don't you know that slie is a member of the family ? You will have to move, Countess, to our hoteL" She was perfectly impenetrable to the bantering tone in which he spoke. ' c Yes,'' she said faintly, " I shall have to move to your hotel." Her hand was still on his arm—he could feel her shivering from head to foot while she spoke. Heartily as he disliked and distrusted her, the common instinct of humanity obliged him to ask if she felt cold. " Yes," she said, "cold and faint." " Cold and faint, Countess, on such a night as this ?" ; ' The night has nothing to do with it, Mr. Westwick. How do you suppose the criminal feels on the scaffold while the hangman is putting the rope round his neck? Cold and faint, too, I should think. Excuse " my grim fancy. You see destiny has got the rope round my neck—and I feel it." She looked about her. They were at that moment close to the famous cafe known as " Florian's." " Take me in there," she said ; " I must have something to revive me. You had better not hesitate. You are interested in reviving me. I have not said what I wanted to say to you yet. It's business, and it's connected with your theatre." Wondering inwardly what she could possibly want with his theatre, Francis reluctantly yielded to the necessities of the situation and took her into the cafe. He found a quiet corner in which they could take their places without attracting notice. " What will you have ?" he enquired, resignedly. She gave her own orders to the waiter, without troubling him to speak for her. " Maraschino and a pot of tea." The waiter stared; Francis stared. The tea was a novelty (in connection with maraschino) to both of them. Careless whether she surprised them or not, she instructed the waiter, when her directions had been complied with, to pour a large wineglassful of the liqueur into a tumbler, ana to fill it up from the teapot. '' 1 can't do it for myself," she remarked,. " my band trembles so." She drank the strange mixture eagerly, hot as it was. *' Maraschino punch—will you taste some of it ?" she said. " I inherit the discovery of this drink. When your English Queen Carolina was on the Continent mv mother was attached to her Court. That much-injured royal person invented, in her happier hours, maraschino punch. Fondly attached to her gracious mistress, my mother shared her tastes. And 1, in. my turn, learned from my mother. Now, Mr. Westwick, suppose I tell you what my business is. You are Manager of a theatre. Do you want a new play ?" : "1 always want a new play—provided it's a good one." " And you pay if. it's a good one ?" " I pay liberally—in my own interests." \ " If I write the play, will you read it ?' Francis hesitated. " What has put writing a play into your head ?" he asked. "Mere accident," sbe answered. "I had once occasion to tell my late brother of a visit which I paid to Misa Lockwood when I was last in England. He took no interest in what happened at the interview, but something struck him in my way of relating it. He said,' You describe what passed between you and the lady with the point and contrast of good stage dialogue. You have thedr&tiiatic; instinct —try if you can write a play. You might make money*—that pnt it into my head." 1 he last words seemed to startle Francis. " Surely you don't want money!" he exclaimed. " I always want money. My tastes are expensive. I have nothing but my poor little four hundred a year—and the wreck that is left of the other money. About two hundred pounds - in circular notes, no more." • Francis knew that she was referring to the ten thousand pounds paid by the Insurance Offices. " All those thousands gone already !" he exclaimed. She blew a little puff of air over her fingers. "Gone like that," she answered coolly. " Baron Rival." She looked at him with a flash of anger in her hard black eyes. "My afiairs are my own secret, Mr. Westwick. I have made you a proposal —and you have not answered me yet. Don't say no without thinking first, Remember what a life mine has been. I have seen more of the world than most people, playwrights included. I have had strange adventures; I have heard remarkable stories; I have observed; I have remembered. Are there no materials here in my head for writing a play— if the opportunity is granted to me ?" She waited a moment and suddenly repeated her strange question about AgneB. "When is Miss Lockwood expected to be in Venice ?" " What has that to do with your new play, Countess V The Countess appeared to feel some difficulty in giving that question its fit reply. She mixed another tumblerful of the maraschino punch, and drank one good half of it before she spoke again. " It has everything to do with my new play," was all she said. " Answer me." Francis answered her. "Miss Lockwood may be here in a week. Or, for all I know to the contrary, sooner than that." "Very welL If I am a living woman and a free woman in a week's time—or if I am in possession of my senses in a week's time—(don't interrupt me ; I know what I am talking about)-—I shall go to England, and I shall write a sketch or outline of my play as a specimen of what I can do. Once again, will you read it V' " I will certainly read it. But, Countess, I don't understand " She held up her hand for silence, and finished the second tumbler of maraschino punch. " I am a living enigma—and you want to know the right reading of me," she said. "Here is the reading, as your English phrase goes, in anutshelL There is a foolish idea in the minds of many persons that the natives of the warm climates are imaginative people. There never was a greater mistake. You will find no such imaginative people anywhere as you find in Italy, Spain, Greece, and the other southern countries. To anj'- thing fanciful, to anything spiritual, their minds are deaf and blind by nature. Now and then in the course of centuries a great genius springs up among them; and he is the exception which proves the rule. Now see ! I, though I am no genius—I am in my little way (as I suppose) an exception too. To my sorrow, I have some of that imagination which is so common among the English and the Germans—so rare among the Italians, the Spaniards, and the rest of them! And what is the result ? I think it has become a disease in me. I am filled;with presentiments which make this wicked life of mine one long terror to me. It doesn't matter just now what they are. Enough that they absolutely govern me—they drive me over land and sea at their own horrible will; they are in me, and torturing me at this moment! Why don't I resist them ? Ah ! but I do resist them. I am trying (with the help of the good punch) to resist them now. At intervals I cultivate the difficult virtue of sound sense. Sometimes sound sense makes a hopeful woman of me. At one time I had the hope that what seemed reality to me was only mad delusion after all—I even asked the question of an English doctor ! At other times othe sensible doubts of myself beset me. Never mind dwelling on them now—it always ends in the old terrors and superstitions taking possession ef me again. In a week's time I shall know whether destiny does indeed decide my future for me, or whether I decide it for myself. In the last case my resolution is to absorb this self-tormenting fancy of mine in the occupation that I have told you of already. Do you understand me a little better now I And our business being settled, dear Mr. Westwick, shall we get out of this hot room into the nice cool air again ?" They rose to leave the cafe. Francis privately concluded that the maraschino punch offered the only discoverable explanation of what the Countess had said to him. CHAPTER XX. " Shall I see you again V' asked the Countess, as she held out her hand to take leave, "It is quite understood between us, I suppose, about the play Y' Francis recalled his extraordinary experience of that evening in the renumbered room. % My stay in Venice i is uncertain," he replied. " If you have anything more to say about this dramatic venture of yours, it may be as well to say it now. Have you decided on a subject already ? I know the public taste in England better than you do—I might save you some waste of time and trouble, if you have not chosen your subject wisely." "I don't care what subject I write about, so long as I write," she answered carelessly. " If pou have got a subject in your head, give it to me. I answer for the characters and the dialogue;" " You answer for the characters and the dialogue ?" Francis repeated. " That's a bold way of speaking for a beginner! I wonder if I should shake your, sublime ; confidence in yourself if I suggested the most ticklish subject to handle that is known to the stage What: do you say, CounteBS, to entering the lists with Shakspeare, and trying a drama with a ghost in it 1 A true story, mind! founded on events in this very city in which you and I are interested." She caught him by the arm, and drew him away from the crowded colonnade into the solitary middle space of the square. " Now tell me !" she said eagerly. " Here, where nobody is near us. How am I interested in it ? How I howf Still holding his arm, she shook him in impatience to hear the coming disclosure. For a moment he hesitated. Thus far, amused by her ignorant belief in herself, he had merely spoken in jest. Now, for the first time, impressed by her irresistible earnestness, he began to consider what he was about from a more serious point of view. With her knowledge of all that had passed in the old ,palace, before its transformation into an hotel, it was surely possible that she might suggest someexplanation of what had happened to his brother and sister, and to himself. Or, failing to do this, she might accidentally reveal some event in her own experience which, acting as a hint to a competent dramatist, might prove to be the making of a play. The prosperity of his theatre was his one serious object in life. "I may be on the trace of another ' Cocsican Brothers,"' he thought. "Anew piece of that sorirwould be ten thousand pounds in my pocket at least." With these motives (worthy of the single-hearted devotion to dramatic business which made Francis a successful Manager) he related, without further hesitation, what his own experience had been, and what the experience of his relations had been, in the haunted hoteL He even described the outbreak of superstitious terror which had escaped Mrs. Norbury's ignorant maid. " Sad stuff, if you look at it reasonably," he remarked. " But there is something dramatic in the notion of the ghostly influence making itself felt by the relations in succession, as they one after another enter the fatal room—until the one chosen relative comes who will see the Unearthly Creature, and know the terrible truth. Material for a play, Countess—first-rate material for a play !" There he paused. She neither moved nor spoke. He stooped, and looked closer at her. What impression had he produced ? It was an impression which his utmost ingenuity had failed to anticipate. She stood by his side—just as she had stood before Agnes when her question about Ferrari was plainly answered at last— like a woman turned to stone. Her eyes were vacant and rigid ; all the life in her face had faded out of it. Francis took her by the hand. Her hand was as cold as the pavement that they were standing on. He asked her if she was ill. Not a muscle in her moved. He might as well have spoken to the dead. "Surely," he said, "you are not foolish enough to take what I have been telling you seriously ?" Her lips moved slowly. As it seemed, she was making an effort to speak to him. "Louder," he said. "I can't hear you." She struggled to recover possession of herself. A faint light began to soften the dull cold stare of her eyes. In a moment more she spoke so that he could hear her. " I never thought of the other world," she murmured, in low dull tones like a woman talking in her sleep. Her mind had gone back to the day of her last memorable interview with Agnes. She was slowly recalling the confession that had escaped her, the warning words which she had spoken at that past time. Necessarily incapable of understanding this, Francis looked at her in perplexity. She went on in the same dull, vacant tone, steadily following out her own train of thought, with her heedless eyes on his face, and her wandering mind far away from hint. " I said some trifling event would bring us together the next time. I was wrong. Nc trifling event would bring us together. I said I might be the person who toid her what had become of Ferrari, if she forced me to it. Shall I feel some other influence than hers ? Will he force me to it 1 When she sees him, shall I see him too?" Her head sank a little ; her heavy eyelids dropped slowly ; she heaved a long, low, weary sigh. Francis put her arm in his, and made an attempt to rouse her. "Come, Countess, you are weary and overwrought. We have had enough talking to-night. Let me see you safe back to your hotel. Is it far from here ?" She started when he moved, and obliged her to move with him, as if he had suddenly awakened her out of a deep sleep. "Not far," she said, faintly. "The old hotel on the quay. My mind's in a strange state; I have forgotten the name." " Danieli's ?" " Yes." He led her on slowly. She accompanied him in silence as far as the end of the Piazzetta, There, when the full view of the moonlit lagoon revealed itself, she stopped him as he turned towards the Ria degli SchiavonL " I have something to ask you. I want to wait and think." She recovered her lost idea, after a long pause. " Are you going to sleep in the room to-night ?" she asked. He told her that another traveller was in possession of the room that night. "But the Manager has reserved it for me to-morrow," lie added, " If I wish to have it." " No," she said. u You must give it up." I " " To whom 1" "To me." He started. After what I have told you, do you really wish to sleep in that room to-morrow night ?" "I must sleep in it." " Are you not afraid ?" "I am horribly afraid." " So I should have thought, after what I have observed in you to-nighf. Why should you take the room? you are not obliged to occupy it unless you like." "I was not obliged to go to Venice, when I left America," she answered. "And yet I came here. I must take the room and keep the room, until " She broke off at these words. "Never mind the rest," she said. "It do isn't interest yon." It was useless to dispute with her. Francis changed the subject. " We can do nothing to-night," he Baid "Iwillcall on you to-morrow morning, and hear what you think of it theR." They moved on again to the hotel. As they approached the door, Francis asked if she was staying in Venice under her own name. She shook her head. " As your brother's widow,. I am known here As Countess Naroana I am known here. I want to be unknown, this time, to strangera in Venice ; I am travelling under a common English name." She hesitated and stood still " What lias come to me 1" she muttered to herself. "Some things I remember, and some I forget. I forgot Danieli's—and now I forget my English name." She drew him hurriedly into the hall of the hotel, on the wall of which hung a list of visitors' names. Running her finger slowly down the list, she pointed to the English name that she had assumed :—" Mrs. James." "Remember that when you call tomorrow," she said. " My head is heavy. Good-night." Francis went back to his own hotel, wondering what the events of the next day would bring forth. A new turn in his affoirs had taken place in his absence As he crossed the hall, he was requested by one of the servants to walk into the private office. The Manager was waiting there with a gravelypre-occupied manner, as if he had something serious to say. He regretted to hear that Mr. Francis Westwick had, like other members of the family, discovered mysterioua sources of discomfort in the new hotel. He had been informed in strict confidence of Mr. Westwick's extraordinary objection to the atmosphere of the bedroom upstairs. Without presuming to discuss the matter, he must beg to be excused from reserving the room for Mr. Westwiek after what had happened. Francis answered sharply, a little ruffled by the tone in which the Manager had spoken to liim. "I might, veiy possibly, have declined to sleep in the ?oom, if you had reserved it," he said. " Do you wish me to leave the hotel?" The Manager saw the error that he had committed, and hastened to repair it. " Certainly not, Sir ! We will do our best to make you comfortable, while you stay with us. I beg your pardon if I have said any thing to offend you. The reputation of an establishment like this is a matter of very serious importance. May I hope that you will do us the great favour to .say. nothing about ,what" has happened upstairs? The two French gentlemen have kindly promised to keep it a secret." This apology left Francis no polite alternative but to grant the Manager's request. " There is an end to the Countess's wild scheme," he thought to himself, as he retired for the night. " So much the better for the Countess !" He rose late the next morning. Enquiring for his Parisian Mends, he was informed that both the French gentlemen had left for Milan. As he crossed the hall, on his way to the restaurant, he noticed the head porter chalking the number of the rooms on some articles of luggage which were waiting to goupBtairs. One trunk attracted his attention by the extraordinary number of old travelling labels left on it. The porter was marking it at the moment—and the number was " 13A." Francis instantly looked at the card fastened on the lid. It bore the common English name, " Mrs. James!" He at once enquired about the lady. She had arrived early that morning, and she was then in the reading-room. Looking into the room, he discovered a lady in it alone. Advancing a little nearer, he found himself face to face with the Countess. She was seated in a dark corner, with her head down and her arms crossed over her bosom. " Yes," she said, in a tone of weary impatience, before Francis could speak to her, " I thought it best not to wait for you—I determined to get here before anybody else could take the room." " Have you taken it for long ?" Francis asked. "You told me Miss Lockwood would be here in a week's time. I have taken it for a week." " What has Miss Lockwood to do with it V' " She has everything to do with it— she must sleep in the room. I shall give the room up to her when she comes here." Francis began to understand the superstitious purpose that she had in view. "Are yoji (an educated woman) really of the same opinion as my sister's maid ?" he exclaimed. " Assuming your absurd superstition to be a serious thing, you are taking the wrong means to prove it true. If I and my brother and sister have seen nothing, how should Agnes Lockwood discover what was not revealed to us? She is only distantly related to the Montbarrys—she is only our cousin." " She was nearer to the heart of the Montbarry who is dead than any of you," the Countess answered sternly. " To the last day of his life, my miserable husband repented his desertion of her. She will see what none of you have seen—she shall have the room." Francis listened, utterly at a loss to account for the motives that animated her. "I don't see what interest you have in trying this extraordinary experiment," he said. " It is my interest not to try it! It is my interest to fly from Venice, and never set eyes on Agnes Lockwood or any of your family again!" " What prevents you from doing that?" She started to her feet, and looked at him wildly. "1 know no more what prevents me than you do !" die burst out. "Some will that is stronger than mine drives me on to my own destruction, in Bpite of my own self!" She suddenly sat down again, and waved her hand for hint to go. " Leave me," she said. " L j *v» me to my thoughts." Francis left her, firmly persuaded by this time that she was out of her senses. For the rest of the day he saw nothing of her. The night, so faras he knew, passed quietly. The next morning he breakfasted early, determined to wait in the restaurant for the appearance of the Countess. She eame in and ordered her breakfast quietly, looking dull and worn and self-absorbed, as she "had looked when he last saw her. He hastened to her table, and asked if anything had happened in the night. " Nothing," she answered. " You have rested as well as usual V " Quite as well as usual. Have you had any letters this morning ? Have you heard when she is coming 1" " I have had no letters* Are you really going to stay here ? Has your experienceof last night not altered the opinion which you expressed to me yesterday f'' "Not in the least" The momentary gleam of auimatioa which had crossed her face when she questioned him about Agnes- died out of it again when he answered her. Shelooked, she spoke,, she eat her breakfast,, with a vacant resignation, like a woman? , who had done with hopes, done with interests, dene with everything but th» mechanical movements and: instincts ef life. z^Z Francis went out,, on tfia customary . travellers' pilgrimage to tha shrines of Titian and Tintopet After some hours of absence, he found a letter waiting for him when he got back to the hoteL It was written by his brother Henry, and recommended him to return to Milan, immediately. The proprietor of & French, theatre, recently arrived from Venice, was trying to induce the famous dancer whom Francis had engaged to- break faith with him and accept a higher salary. Having made this startling announcement Henry proceeded to inform- his brother that Lord and Lady Montbarry, with Agnes and the children, would arrive in Venice in three, days more; " They know nothing of one adventures- at thahotel," Heniy wrote; "and they have telegraphed to the manager lor tiie- aocoiamodatibn that they want. There would be something absurdly superstitious in our giving them 'a viarning which would frighten the ladiira and children out of the best hotel in Venice; We shall be » strong party this time—too strong a party for ghosts 1 I shall meet the traveller on their arrival, of coune, and try my luck again at what you'call the haunted boteL : Arthur Barville and his wife havealready got as far on their way as Trent, and two of -the lady's relations have arranged to aeeempany them on the journey to Venice." Naturally indignant at the conduct of his Parisian colleague, Francis made his preparations for returning to Milan by tha train of that day. On his way out he asked the manager if his brother's telegram had been received. The telegram had arrived, and to tha surprise of Francis the rooms were already reserved. " I thought you would refuse to let any more of the* family into tha house," he said satirically. The manager answered (with the due dash of respect) in the same tone.. " Number .13A is safe, Sir, in the occupation of a stranger. I am the servant of the company, and I dare not turn money out of the hoteL" Hearing this Francis said good-by— and said nothing more. He was ashamed to acknowledge it to himself, but he felt an irresistible curiosity to know what would happen when Agnes arrived at the hoteL Besides, "Mrs. James" had reposed a confidence in him. He got into his gondola, respecting the confidence of "Mrs. James." Towards evening on the third day Lord Montbarry and his travelling companions arrived punctual to their appointment. " Mrs. James," sitting at the window ot her room watching for them, saw tha new lord land from the gondola first. He handed his wife to the steps. The three children were next committed to his care. Last of all Agnes appeared in the little black doorway of the gondola cabin, and taking Lord Montbarry's hand passed in her turn to the steps. She wore no veiL As she ascended to the door of the hotel the counteBS eyeing her through an operaglass noticed that she paused to look at tiie outside of the building and that her face was very pale. 