JOSHUA HAGGARD. CHAPTER XXXVII. JOSHUA'S CONFESSION. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LADV AUDLEY'S SECRET, "AURORA FLOYD," &C.;, &C.; Another bright June morning; newly blown roses looking in at the open windows, born, like the butterflies, for a day. Nnomi was earlier than usual after a sleepless night full of care for her father. 0, if that sweet air of heaven, which i6 a joy in itself for the happy, could but blow away one's s&ise; of abiding trouble, could but bring the promise of relief 3 This was what Naomi thought, as she stood at her open window, looking out at the calm hill-tops, from which the summer mists were rising, like a veil slowly unfolded by invisible hands. She was at her father's door before six o'clock, kuocking and waiting his reply with fast-throbbing heart, fearing she knew not what. There was no answer. She felt the floor reeling under her feet. Awful fears seized upon her. She knocked loudly, violently almost, and still no answer. She tried the door with shaking hands, expecting to find it locked, as it had been yesterday evening when she cattle to inquire about the light; but it yielded under her hand, and she went into her father's room. It was empty. She looked round with wild eager eyes, almost beside herself in the agony of that great dread. The room was quite empty. The bed lind been laid upon; the candle had been left burning, and had burned down to the brazen socket. There was a letter lying on the escritoire, which Naomi seized upon eagerly. It was addressed to herself She tore it it open, still full of fear; for the letter might reveal, some terrible determination. There was another letter inside, sealed, addressed to Captain Pentreath. " MY BELOVED DAUGHTER,—I am going to Penmoyle to seek my wife, and shall return to Combhaven no more. My duty there is done. have taught my people to know the right path. I can give them up into the liands of a new minister. I am going where the darkness has never been dispelled by Gospel light: I am going to find new duties in desolate places. But first I must see my wife. I would pardon and bless her before I go. Do not follow me. My lot is fixed. " Do not fail to give the enclosed letter, with the seal unbroken, into Captain Pentreath's liands.—Your affectionate father, " JOSHUA HAGGARD." Naomi lifted up her heart in thankfullness. lie had gone to do no desperate act. He had gone to seek his wife, carrying with him pardon and love. The ice had melted. Who could tell what healing for mind and soul there might be iu the change 1 But this letter to be delivered to Arnold Pentreath? Here was a fearful thought What if it were a confession of her father's guilt—a confession which •would put hi8 life in Arnold's power 1 And Arnold had already shown himself merciless. To withhold the lettter would be to disobey her fathei's express command. To deliver it might be to endanger his life. What was she to do f She sat by the escritoire with the letter in her hand, perplexed in the extreme. Then she fell upon her knees and prayed for guidance, prayed long and earnestly. She rose from this prayer resolved, whether for good or evil, she would obey her father's behest, and deliver the letter, trusting to God's mercy and her own influence with Arnold for the issue. He had pretended to love her— nay, had loved her—before, this fearful discovery of his brother's fate. She must have some power over him still; her pleading must be of some avail. Yes, she would obey her father, and in so doing proclaim her trust in Providence. "'Let me fall now into the hand of the Lord; for very great are his mercies,'" said Naomi. Can I doubt that my father is in Gods hands to-day, though men may seem to have the ordering of his fate t" She lost so time iu carrying out her determination, but went back to her roojn and put on hoi- bonnet, and then ran downstairs. ; She was go}ng out at the street-door when it suddenly occured to her that her father's absence: must speedily be discovered, find would.,make a commotion in the house if.iti were in no manner accounted for. So' she went to the kitchen, where her aunt was em-' ployed iu her usual morning duty of giving out provisions for that day's consumption fjrorn a rigorously-locked store-room. To her Naomi quietly announced that her father had started early that morning oh ,hip way to Penmoyle to see his wife. "Started early! "cried Judith, incredulouly. " Why, the Truro coach doesn't go' before half-past seven, anil it's not a quarter-;' past yet. What dp you mean , by stared: early?" '\v . ;. . ' " He may have set out/tp walk part pf t|iq journey, perhaps, aunt," answered Naomi, }• You ktiow how fond he is of walking.^ Iwas six o'clock when I went to life room, aid had left me a letter to say lie was going to, Penmoyle." , . ti "I think he might have written tome>. said Judith, with her offended oir. '?Ifhe must needs go off at a moment's nOtifee, throwing all. the housekeeping into a jnuddle—you needn't roast the mutton to-day, Sally; the cold beef will be good enough for lis—lie might at least have had the civility to address his explanation to me. After keepiiig his house nearly thirty years it's hard to have such a slight put on me." "The beef, mum! - ' remonstrated Sally " there's hardly anything but bones." " Nonsense, girl; there's plenty of picking between the bones. And if I've time I'U make a treacle pudding." Naomi vanished while the dinner was under discussion. Her heart was very heavy as Bhe went to the Grange. She had not entered the house since the days she had been Oswald's plighted wife, and the future lay fair before her, full of promise of happiness. And now there was a thought of horror in the very road by which she went. Twice had her murdered lover been carried along that road; and now he was lying quietly in his grave, aiul all earthly hopes lay buried with him. The old house looked peaceful enough in the cheerful morning light. Gardens and shrubberies had been better kept since Arnold's return. The beds and borders were full of sweet-smelling flowers. The windows were all open, and a handsome red setter— a favourite of Arnold's—was lying iu the porch. Xaomi rang the noisy old bell, which was answered after a longish pause by Nicholas the butler, who came across the hall, carrying his master's bieakfast on one of those old silver trays which had been kept under lock and key during the Squire's lifetime, but which the less careful sailor had given out for daily use. At sight of Xaomi the old man stopped short, with a startled look. " Lord, miss, how you skeared me!" he exclaimed. " Can I see your master, Nicholas ?" "To be sure 'ee can, miss. He's to his break'ust in the blue parlour—the room that was Squire's study, you know; but the harkiteck had it all routed out and painted." The butter opened the door of that small room on the left of the porch, and ushered Naomi into the presence of Captain Pentreath. He started up with a cry, half suprise, half welcome, as if to see her only were in itself so glad a thing, tliat he forgot all the painful circumstances of their meeting. This oblivion lasted but for a moment. His face clouded, and he looked at her deprecatingly. " Naomi, I have been longing for such a meeting as this. I want to tell you—to make ; you understand; if I can—that in what I have done I have been constrained by my duty to the dead. Had your father wronged me— that wrong the deepest one man could do another—I would have endured all for your sake ; but my duty to the dead is sacred. At the hazard of breaking your heart, with the certainty of losing your regard, I was forced to do -what I did." " Hush ! " she said; " do not speak of me or my feelings. You have brought great misery upon us—an irreparable shamed It may be in your power to work still greater misery upon us. I can but do my duty to God and my father. My first duty to both is obedience. I have brought you a letter." "A letter?" " From my fattier. But before I give it you, promise that you will make no evil use of it, that you will not make his own woids the means, of destroying him. I cannot tell what he has written. I know tuat all yesterday his mind was sorely disturbed—that he has been oppressed and troubled in mind for a long . time. Promise me that you will hot U6e this letter against him. " I promise/' answered Arnold, with a touch of scorn. " It is' toot likely that a letter which your "father writes to me of his own free. will >can prove a weapon with which to strike him." He opened the letter, prepared to find an artful and. studied composition setting forth j the minister's innocence of the crime charged against hini, plausible arid subtle defence, such-pa jt^-wigehuity of a clever and thoughtful niari might elaborate at his leisure. The paper almost dropped from his hand as he read] thfe fitet line. , Arnold. Pentreath, you accused mb rightly. , It >vasithis(haa4 ; 8lew your brother. But the' ^basely, done as yo|i think. IWe stood wSj tp/Japp, ;eaoh.With his weapon in his hand. It was i what, the Bona of Belial ball an' honourable 1 ineetibg, 1 though' my ;coh- ! -:!Ue stole my young wifes heart—-came between me and the moat pferfect happiness, that Heaven.ever .vouchsafed to man. I ni&t; 'hitii 'wlth'jtoy' t^W^T^ rhad «een them parti mj#d .you, as l6vjers whose |earts are cloven, nmufas. &b;$Bting. J fori him he owed me bis life, andhe ww «inii!» ^SUJftitbg.ttbt, falue that you are heartily welcome to it;* JiyS!? He^Jd a^ir^fpSJkib^?^ *ud proposed that we ahouldflght on teapotbut withdrew his proposal thenext i^ofi' remembering that I had no practice inthAnie', offirearihs. " / Ni , ' • i " I told him I was willing to set my want of skill against his bad cause! ' It is mn that are the Wrong-doer,' I cried j''«Heaven will be on my side. " We fought, and he fell. J was alone with his dead body, and all the horror of mv position was suddenly revealed to me. According to my own creed I was a murderer - and in the sight of the world I should stand revealed as a murderer if I were found with this dead man by my side. "Satan, who had made me blind to the guilt of my act till it was aooomplished, now tempted me to the baseness of concealment. I dragged the body to the edge of the shaft and threw it down, and went quickly home and kept silence about your brother's fate till the day I spoke of him with you. "I told you that in my opinion your brother had committed suicide. I say still that he flung his life recklessly away. Had he pleaded or argued with me my blind passion might have been subjugated. He. put the weapon which killed him into my hand. " God rest his soul, and pardon my sin! " I am going forth to a life as desolate as that pf St John in the desert. Miay God so appoint iny punishment here that I may not lose my portion in gloty hereafter! JOSHUA HAGGARD." Naomi stood before Captain Pentreath with ashen lips, watching him as he road the letter, praying dumbly all the while, and with the sense of efficacy in Iter prayers, even in this moment of suspense, as only an implicit faith can experience. "Thank God !" exclaimed Arnold, giving her the letter; "thank God it is hot so bad as I believed! This confession has the stamp of truth; and—he is your father!" No words can tell the depth of tenderness in that little speech and the look that went with it. Both look and tone were lost on Naomi. Her eyes were rooted to the letter; triumph, joy, illumined her face. " It was not murder," she cried; " there was no treachery, no secrecy ; they stood face to face—sinners both—blinded, maddened" by passion. It was no murder. FatW, how could I have wronged you 1>y such base thoughts—I, who have known and loved, you all these Jrears 1 Guilty! yes, I will acknowledge your guilt; but not a treacherous aBsassin. My God, I thank you!" In days when the first gentlemen of the land asserted their sense of honour atid superiority to the common heid by slaying one another in a formal manner the idea of a duel was not so revolting as it is now. Even to Naomi, educated as she had been in a far different creed from the code of honour, the knowledge that her father had stood face to face with his foe, risking his Jown life against the life he took, was an infinite relief. -In horrible nightmare dreams she had seta him, with the assassin's face, creeping stealthily towards his victim.' The horrid image had haunted her sleeping and waking ; and. BOW that horror was laid at rest for ever, fier belief in this confession of her &ther;*s ^a8 as implicit as her faith in God. / " Arnold," she pleaded, with deep humility, as one who asks en impossible boon, "can you bring yourself to forgive my erringfatheri" "No!" he answered stoutly; " but, ,1 no longer look upon him with foatbing. ! There is one atonement left to hipi—4io can stand face to face with me, as hp.stood.with my brothei-, and let God judge between us." . : Naomi flung herself at his feet, clasjjing hiB > hand, as if he held the keys of lift and death! "No, no, no!" ehe cried; "you would not be so cruel, so wicked—Von, who condemn the shedder of blood!" ' ' ; '•*./ " I want the life of the inan who slewiny brother. So mu6h the better if I can have it in ^n honourable manner. Yes, N^mii.^wJUi fneet as men of honour ghould* {ma Let ^ije righteous cause win." , I '' Arnold," sho cried, " Jthoughf.ypu loved F 16, -• r .. . . ji, ! The pathos of that ory. moved'liiini 'f Hei bent over her as she knelt fct his feet; 'falittg- Ing to his knees in her agony, -pleading as pnly women can plead Jfor the love pf their nearest i '"-i i ^ vjir.:i .=-•>-, Ur.it ! " If I thought you loved ias»,' : iM' $ give pi? love for love," he &id;, mpa a sue sunder, Change 1 to, jpassibnafe tena6 l ih^!I * i[iare his life; yes, let him' go tmpunU| ^ f S i ! ^ ft^ I evpr ^ ffife . . „ „ prpying me sel |tardly; but J am, human, >and jl iloveofpu. M-y'love, my only lovB, answer me." _ f||l ,U»'. HJU- I . .,!•: P. ,l,).l you fo^yo beiti^' my Mher's ^^VvTon t,l>eiioved tie worst of hitn I loved you, and. hold ^oa imsttllied by his guilt. 1 ' «< You inust forgjVd Mm, Arnold. You \vi>uld favgivje litroi. if, ,ypii know as much as I do. He was not in his right senses that awftil day. I saw 'him go through the wood. Yes, I was there -watching for hitu, fearing ovil. Hk 'face lias haunted me ever since. It • yap,. the free, of a , mad man. It was my sia that caused all Yos,. Arnold, mino. You do not know how vile I am. I gave my father the letter your brother wrote to my stepmother! A lover's letter, full of despairing love. Thai maddened him, as it had maddened we- He was not in his right mind that dftV. 1 Hfi has never been the same man since—gloomy, austere, set against those he luid loved before. We who have lived with him know and feel it On my knees here, before God, I do not believe that my father was responsible for his acts that day." Arnold raised her from her knees, and put her in the armchair by the open window. She was almost fainting, but the brave spirit struggled with bodily weakness. Arnold paced the room for a little while deep in thought. " What am I to do, Naomi }" he asked at last. " I love you—would lay down my life for you; but I owe a duty to my brother. That is a solemn charge. Ite loved me—was so good to me. I have his letter summoning me home, full of affection, overflowing wtih generosity. What am 1 to do, Naomi! Counsel me, if you can. You loved him f " Loved him i Yos ; it was my love that made me mad with jealousy; it was my love that rose np against him and destroyed him. If you must have a life for his life, take mine. Yes, Arnold, take mine. I am most guilty. It was my jealousy that killed him." " Naomi, we are all most miserable. I can do nothing; I feel myself tied and bound. Either way there is wrong and misery. I love you, and am miserable in loving you. I have my brother's death to avenge, yet cannot bring myself to injure your father. 0 my love, my love ! your sad accusing face has haunted me ever since that night when you turned and looked at me at the chapel-door. What can I do?" " Forgive," said Naomi solemnly; " that is what the Gospel teaches us—to ; forgive our enemies, even the enemies who have, injured those we love. We can never err in being merciful. ' How often shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him V Till seventy times seven.' That must mean pardon for wrongs man thinks unpardonable." "You can teach me to believe, anything. Naomi. I am like a child in your hands." "May God teach you to judge and act wisely! He will not inspire you with thoughts of vengeance. Ho lias said, ' Vengeance is mine, I will repay.' My unhappy lather has suffered for his sin, and will con' tinue to buffer till death brings him peace but I know iii my heart that God will foigive him." " And if God can foigive, erring man should not be obstinately unforgiving. That is what you would say, Naojni. We have an illimitable faith in God's capacity to pardon, yet find it so hard, sinners as we are, to forgive a fellow-sinner. It is a dark problem." " Pray that you may understand God's will Arnold. He will lfead and uphold you." " No; earthly passioij will sway me. It is my loye for .you urges me' to forgive your father." ' " I would have you act from a higher light. I will leave you to seek a better guidance," Naomi answered, with gentle reproachfulness. Sho felt that her father was secure from any violence of Arnold's after this interview. • She left him full of faith that the right guidance would come, that the vengeful spirit Avhich had throateiieil jpsliua with, ruin and death would be calmed ,and appeased; She knew that Arnold loved her (and though all thoughts of herself were vague and secondary at such a crisis 6f her" glad of Arnold's love forheir father's sake., CHAPTER • XXXYHL CARRYING PEACE AND PARDON. , Josjiua iyas far j^ppff. his ipad before Uapmi had left ,'tHfc fcronge.'• jk • had walked ; many miles in the dull gray of early •morning, before the shadowy bloMs had parted or the ! stars ^W'^iMW.i^ff lights'of ,punrise. ^ hp ftupi'gyrithat suettiiued him, the eager pur pose that horo him bn in: that beginning of his journey, made him unconscious' of time or ! Ww'fc piteous. ;flnd weak, as of one in justness, was istill-soitadih^ lin his ear as he hurried along ,the well-known roa£,wliich T M dflwn,' v , He ihad. heaud Wcalii^«Aniyfapdi4ie was • going to ahswer her oiy, . "Dkrifetj't ate cbminW tb' fql\ w he repeated ' a ^ w i U i ^ aeserved reproaches, am coming to pray for mcdon; I, -Who was cruel, unjust, savage, and inhuman, only because 1 loved, too blindly—I am coming to ask for pity from the tender heart I wounded. Love, £ was mad, and I have suffered for my madness—a long night of suffering. The morning has come, and peace and pardon. Myoyes are opened ; I see and understand." ^ It was only when a sudden faintness made him stagger dizzily that lie became aware 'of the hot sun beating down upon his head, and' the fact that ho had walked many miles. He was nearly twenty miles from Combhaven. Ho had crossed the wild craggy hills, and come back mechanically to the coach- road. He was at the top of a long hill, and saw the coach toiling slowly up the white dusty road. He felt all at once that his strength was gone —gone utterly, as if it had left him for ever— and thanked God for the coming of the coach. It seemed by a special providence that he had been brought across those ivild hills back to the turnpike-road in time for the passing of the coach. " If I had missed it I should not have got to Penmoyle to-night; and my darling is waiting for me," he said to himself, There was a vacant place on the 8cat behind the driver. Joshua hailed the coach, and scrambled into this place before the coachman had time to pull up his horses. " You shouldn't ha' done that, Mr. Haggard," remonstrated the man; " it's dangerous." Joshua took no notice. The man's voice sounded far off, as in a dream. The horses went downhill and uphill over the wild yet for tilecountry, by hillsaud woods that Joshuaknew as well as he knew his Bible. They stopped to change horses in straggling little villages where he had preached in his young days and people who remembered those days came out of their houses, and stood looking up at the coach and talked to him. He answered their inquiries mechanically, dimly conscious of their identity. He had a curious feeling of superiority to all these people, as if the uni verse had been planned for him, and they were only accidents in it, like the great black flies buzzing round the heads of the patient blinkered coach horses, to H;1IOIU Providence had given no special mercy excvptiuane ami tail The time had been when he would have got down from the coach and peeped into those white-washed cottages, and had Iub well-chosen word of greeting or counsel for each old ac quaintance. To-day their faces looking up at him were blank and meaningless. The faces of the rabble round Stephen may have looked so to the saint and martyr in his death agony Joshua's mind was going on before him. He fancied himself arriving at Penmoyle in the sunset. She would be standing at the gate perhaps, watching for him, as he found her on that unforgotten afternoon t\Vo years ago. He would see the sweet face with the western light shining on it, the soft eyes kindling with love and happiness at sight of him. He had almost forgotten that bitter day of parting, the day when he had driven her into banishment, with more cruelty than Abraham had shown to ill-used Hagar; and it can hardly be said that the patriarch was a pattern to all future husbands in that transaction 0, how sweet it was to dwell upon that picture of meeting and reconciliation! The burden on his conscience had been cast off since the agony of yesterday.' It was verily as if he had laid down his load on the sinners' altar. He forgot all the silent pangs and tortures of the last year, and felt as if a new life ot happiness was opening before him. He would carry the lamp of the Gospel into dark places, he would preach by the wayside, as in his youth ; he would carry neither purse nor scrip, but wander from village to village, in that v benighted north country he had read about in the lives of Wesley and Whitfield or, still farther away, among the absolute heathen of the South Seas. This was his vision of a glorious future. And she would be with him—his companion, helpmeet, and comforter. It was such a career as this to which she had aspired. Her spiritual nature had been revolted by the trader's petty life—she had sighed to see her husband doing the work of api apostle. Such thoughts as these were in his mind all through the day. They rose and fell in his brain, wave upon wave, as regularly as the waves of the Atlantic were rieing and falling upon the long sandy shore beyond thpse brown Cornish hills. The day seepied very long to him, for his exaggerated activity of brain made minutes like unto hours. And yet he was ineffably happy. No fear of disap-, pointment at the end of his journey clouded; the Fa$apce.of his visions. He apprehended ho further stroke<-from an angry fete: God' had punished 1 him with the undying worth called conscience, and had heard his prayers ancl foigiven him. He feared nothing. . , It was afternoon when the coach rumbled, into the stony street of Truro. Joshua 1 had to tie j^minded of Jm fare respectfully hy the cowjhtn^n. , HeV.ww pn.the point of i hurrying off without paying it. M Your miud's full of bettor things, I know, Mr. Haggard," said the mail; " but I thought you'd like me to remind you." " Thank you, Norman," said Joshua, dreamily. " Yes, my mind was much occupied ; pleasantly, though, pleasantly, as one sure of God's bountoous mercy." He gave the man a crown for himself. It was half as much as the fare—an astounding donation. " You may not be driving IUO again for some time to coine," said the minister, kindly. " Thank'ec, sir. It isn't many behaves as handsomely, and it's always a pride to drive such as you. But don't take it as a liberty if I give'ee one bit of advice. l)on't try to get up to the outside of n coach before the homos 'ave stopped. You're in the prime of life, sir, maybe; but you're a good many years too old to do that with safety." ; Yes, yes, Norman; I shall bear it in mind," said Joshua, walking away, without stopping at the comfortable inn for " bite or sup," as Norman remarked afterwards. " The fact is the minister is wearing of liisself out," the coachman remarked to his cronies that night . " He's got oddish ways with him, and a look as if he didn't half know what's going on round about him." W IG I P i A a CHAPTER XXXIX. THK ODOUR OK ROSKMAttV. It happened as Joshua had calculated. The sun was setting as he entered quiet Penmoyle. The walk from Truro had tired him more than he had supposed possible. He could hardly drag himself along the last mile or so of the dusty road, between hedges where the dogroses and honeysuckle climbed high above his head, and where the foxgloves were opening their purple bells. The salt sea-wind sweep ing over yonder swelling hills seemed to have lost its refreshing power. He turned his eyes wearily towards the western point—the wild Land's End, with its rocks and many-hued granite, on which the sea-gulls and cormorants were perching in the rosy evening light. The scenc was so familiar to him that he could see it all, in that clear vision of the mind, as he turned his gaze westward. Was there any thing on this vast earth more beautiful, he wondered, thau that wild point of English soil with the great Atlantic waves for ever beating up against it—an impregnable natural fortress, the rocky seat of dead and gone giants, for ever defying the assaults of ocean 1 His thoughts wandered a good deal during these last miles when his body was racked with the pains of fatigue. He thought of Nicholas Wild, his old pupil, and the little chapter among yonder hills. The young man had written him long letters, telling him of the rich reward that had crowned his labors, and how he had built a school for the children of his flock. Joshua had been too preoccupied to take any notice of the letters, and the memory of that neglect smote him now as he came nearer his pupil's home. " Poor Nicholas! he was always faithful and affectionate. We will go and see him, my wife and I," Joshua 6aid to himself. At last the old square tower of Penmoyle church rose in its gray severity above the avenue of limes that led to it. Then came the well-known street; the chestnut-grove where the children played at eventide : the inn ; the village pump; the cocks and hens, and a vagabond pig picking up unconsidered trifles in the middle of the road ; the old yellow waggon turned up on end after a day's usefulness. It was a mere foolishness, no doubt, and Joshua chid himself for so weak a regret, but he felt strangely disappointed when he came in Bight of the little green gate before the Misses Webling's cottage, and did not see the graceful figure of his wife standing there, just as he had seen her that happy afternoon two years ago, when be had come full of benevolent intentions, and ignorant of his heart's mystery. He had counted on seeing her there. It would have been the natural fulfilment of his dream, it seemed to him, that she should be on the watch for his coming. She had called him, and, by some mystic power beyond the limits of flesh and blood, he had heard her summons Why was she not watching for him, full of faith in his obedience 1 He passed the chestnut-grove. It seemed to him that the children were less noiBy thau of old. They were there under the spreading branched, the same boys and girls—the fustian jackets and lavender pinafores, the petlicoated little bnes, With chubby cheeks and great stal'- iing< brown eyer. But there was a huph upon the scene. The elder children were congregated jin little: knots talking. Some of itheni suddenly perceived him, and there was a curious excitement among them immediately, and much whispering, and some pointing at him with eager fingers; and he could see that they all Stopped their talk or games to watch him. : Joshua walked slowly towards the green gate, strangely disappointed atid depressed. ^The windows of the south-west, and it was oinly natural thAt Hie blinds should be drawn to exclude such a Maze of sunset j but it gave tHniwSeTBEBEB^. casements offered him no «mUft Here was a friendly weloome, ( t o w from' an; unejgHcftd diro&lDn.; i: BftoS tyfliua had 'oft^ Wfct^ Mf? ^fartinT flie kind old minister from his dwelling, clasped Trim )iy Doth hands, and looked at him with eye® brimming with tears. .« Veifou Jl you, my ®ed fnenclT" he crTod. « X yaf watching for ytrtl. .0>Vfc composed, my friend, be composed.. Suoh A blessed euthanasia? The precious soul of ray l^lizab^th. was not more spotless or fitter for hfeSVftn". 'D&ar; friend, let us go in together.''' s Joshua turned and looked tt hifc with wild wondering eves; iheii wj«nc^led himself suddenly from Jhe Japan's friendly grasp. "Ko, ho* M lmuttered; "I don't want you;- •r.'totf^tog alone—to see my wife. Cynthia!" he called, as he opened the door. " Cynthia!" in $ louder and more .urgent tone —" Oynfexfe, vhere are you!" A fiery impatience had taken hold of him. He could not wait for formalities of any kind. The Misses "Webling would come, and there wopldbe 8tatelygre>etings,and cake rtnd tfine brought out of the wainscot cupboard, and all manner of ceremonies before he could open his.arms and clasp his ill-used wife to his heart, and weep over her and be forgiven. Deborah came out of the kitchen, and took his hands, just «s old Mr. Martin had done, and looked at him in the same tearful tray. d Were the people all mad here, or was hot Even the children had seemed to look at him strangely. - "* " Dearest friend," said peborah, " this is a sore trial for all of us. Prise ilia has been in hysterics all day; out of one fit into another. Quite dfeadful! The feather's we've burnt, and ,the vinegar, and all to no purpose. She has siich a fefelinglKeart. ,i ' It was Priscilla who was ill, then. That's wh|t1&il;thjs fuss inajtrit; • j t . . . "I want to see my wife," Joshua said shortly. "At wwe.i" filtered Deborah,.looking at him timorously. " Yes,jatgon§e£this .iP 3 *^*- I not come all these weary miles to see her. This itist&nL;" . " 0 flnir sir, what need of impatience 1 Be calm,(beg you." The ddtirs of both parlours were open. Joshua had glanced in and seen that both ntartwtte'empty.; ^ — "Where is^a? 1 'he asked. ."Upstairs?" "Yes, in our;,?pMe room," Deborah answered, huskily. The naixow\ corkscrew staircase was close and dark, like, the winding stair in a churchtower. Midway Joshua started as if he had been shot, and came to a standstill. TJiore ? yas; % ; tpujyjent; odoyr jof freshly r gathered herbs, a perfume he had not smelt thus, on (be ttpeshohtpf a ^ted- ChambefJ, since his mothers aeatnT " Yes/ sobb^. Deborah, " we always use it here. \\*^WaMsh^nHli£ $prd£ii on purpott. -The neighbours come and beg a bundh Joshua staggered up the few steep stairs., l^&Mei; jpf the low wktaa&t; and pains of lovg, b^ati to vgrojv in his heart, That odour of r jo^emary had forewarned him what he nad t6 see. No living wife; fltaiftiftg orfifibft^tfewttiffld warm arms ready about his neck —no sweet eyesiifl^d'shyly. »to:meet his own —no faltering woi^ orJba]f-bf9k(jn sotjs : only a fair marble statue lying oh. .a white flc eyelids clo^^g^qatjg^^^ broken heart for ever at rest. He stood looking*Atifoei 1 for 4 long time, as it seenwL-to tha: &rait;^riok«i<>I)«b4iVi}i— looking; at her. with eyes that hung- upon that silent beauty in a ,, «(ptuw I 'of'^despair ; then flung up his arms with a sudden gurgling cry, and'Mldipon the flooribE^idehfyhe&.iu'.c'J He remained unconscious for many hours, breathing' stferbti^dtl^ly, ' pCha 11 Ijrld^inrdi ! a' lo^ npon the bed where 1ifs faithful attendants with but little result." "Mr. Martin, the good old minister, stayed /with vhim all through the weary, night, -whiok-might Jcnowjio dawn in thw wAC^tW s^Stra f «istereVere todefetigable, P^illaMyajyipg., J^eTj peculiar prerogative or ^hysterics in her desire to be usefi4a«ioTM ; i ' ) r n o * r*o«i \- Jfe^^^fe"^'^ 0 ^ ^ mg/JuM^^e.flpBft^^mwteyjsvheBjosh^ slowly liffcedHAia>4ifavylids ap&lobked; about him with dim bloodshot -eyes. For some mindtJes 1 "tJft6r <'hb' had struggled back ,t« ctMbcilfeisiCfcs <«lhere*wd^ a '(Omdns^ln his brain •ttwdi/asan'ttis^yes;! and toe'looked at th» iitppious 'jTStcbfuii(fallen ragurijF JI I/Thea memoiy came back withxi-uel distinctness. frfihgJiMd. n jafiS orfJ 'jvcm] l\\\w Ith'I' _eat irlenL, r your mind be at rest for a little while. Be pose, dear sir; you have been heavily afflicted, and you have had a stroke of illness whioh might liave been fatal had God refused to tear onr earnest prayers." , " Tell me about my wife," urged Joshua, vehemently. . " She is at rest. She has gone to Sher heaVenly hojne. I, who was with her at the last, have no doubt of her calling and election, She was was one of God'B chosen vessels, with a mind naturally attuned to heavenly things, like that pure .spirit, my heavenly- minded Elizabeth, -whose deathbed conversations it was my precious privilege to preserve for the edification of many." «What was it that killed her]" asked Joslwa, putting aside all these with a motion of his strong hand. " Did she die of a broken heart ? Was it my ill-usage that caused her death?" " Your ill-usage, friend ! Your senses must be wandering. She always talked ofyott as the best and most honoured of husbands lU-usage, and from you! She loved you above all earthly things. Your name was on her lips with her last breath." Yes," cried Joshua, " she called me, and I heard her. Give me my watch," pointing to the chest of drawers where it lay; "see, I stopped the hands at the moment iu which I heard, her voice calling to me in a kind of ream—not a common dream, mark you— twice as vivid and lifelike. It was after mid- night on Sundav: see, twenty minutes past one." ' This is the Lord's doing; it is marvellous in our eyes!"' exclaimed Mr. Martin. It was at that very hour her spirit took flight," " Why was I not told that she was ill— dying ?" asked Joshua. " It was her wish that you should not be troubled. ' He will send for me or come for me when he wants me to go home again,' she said. * He has higher thiugs than me to think about.' She was so earnest in this wish that we did not like to overrule her." And nobody thought that she was dangerously ill," explained Deborah. " The doctor couldn't make her out. That was what he always said. It was one of the Strangest cases he'd ever had to deal'with. Some days she seemed so well and bright; and she was always industrious, anxious to be doing something for us—we couldn't give her enough to do." " The journey here hurt her a great deal, I think," said Priscilla, " though she would hot own to it. She walked a good bit of the way, I believe, and she was footsore and very weak when she came. I opened the door to her at dusk one evening : ana I almost' thought she was a ghost. ' I want to be your Servant, dear Miss Priscilla,' she said, 4 as L was in ! the old happy days.' - 'Why, Mrs. Haggard,* said I, ' what would your hbnored husband thiulc of such a notion?* But I'd hardly .got out the words belore she fell down in V mint at'my feet; and for a Sveek after''that we hiad 'hier laid up, and as low as could be." " And you never vhrbte to me about her'!" : cried Joshua, with agonised reproach. "Well, the 'truth was we didn't like. We thought there waij sojuetHing wrong—a family quarrel perhaps, ^econd marriages often turn out so—and the poor thing seejned to have Come to us for7qfpge,,and: clung ton^so.f and if ever we talked'af writing io ^PU she seejiied so distressed." And we had Always been fond of lier, and had, .mjs^/'iiqr dreadfully after; her marriage.j ' us'now she.liad, come bmc^^ud. J'i^ ipce.we nursed her ap^ tpo^. care pT jec'tyjiejfr ill^/ as if she'd really been o'ur,dapghtpr,,a? l, lciio>v, Mr. ^lartin will bpar wtthps, 5 " . . . , ] ' : " You pu^i^teK ; she could, not ,haye "had ))ett<r nupsing or kinder treaty ment." . ., ]<•]'. . , i ..V • ."jtit^as pnly just ; at tiip last that there was any meiitipn; of danger," continued Deborah. f On. ^Jjurday.i mftm'ng -the dpRtor, found, fyer, very n lp^ , .poor v , d9ar, and .her znijid ' was watering Jitlilef, He seeiuedjquite-tUsi pf&oiji-; as,.1$, .jieitji we, a$ t ff iit was a shock to him to,.find ,her; so^.i ;fiX 4w'P.'S»4 l li hke. ^ier^ jLopk?, -this] morptog, be mijj' f .I. begin Jto: be a^id. ^e s^U lpseher/,; :I neyer^^haA suchi tPpof^scttte. and.I^ere, h^i^e.^-sQlv^^ithgrtetj |andJt.w^8 als.^uich.^ Jnfiojiild do to , wxite;jron,a iett®,' ,tQ, <»me ,.at opce,You., don>t sp^^^^.roppiv^jifet letter,",,r . | No, It must jhave been .delii^erod < af(»r tleffc homft j; i jCho .post j is! so Jalowif i yon 'shouldilmfe 'sebtia m^aser^ei'j <:! iTell tuife, [id;&heidie;:bappy, andididishedowe jnielat tlie: ltwW?! t-ili •>•jy I'll'." I>iij: ; vit^uii ".At thei last, ^mdalwxiyij!! •anefwinsdi'jMrj Maatin, oaicneStly./,,}" She barfed>!hOT heait^o me. - I^pew iall'itfe «6crets>)ita • waireringifroni the, right, Itej5voakue8b.uo^bolhart'alwa^0iwv«lt ^atwlwMjirenddJ Iyoii. > DiJhfef bad . ii ; .^-'.nui-,'io n eb»bX8'O ,jt chua, ana ner ancy naa strayed io another for a little while—only a iitfle while.; Heart and mind were true to her duty^ iwaS worthy of your fondest love; she-was Worthy ofyour deepest regret." ! ••• 1 «And I cast her from me, I repudiatod her, lapurned her as the vilest of sinners J'^Oj 'friend, , can her injured spirit look: down: upon me from heaven, and pity ?. Can^od ever pardon my ein 3 He gave me - this •sweet flower to wear in my bosom, and I oast it from me, and trampled it under foot. I have' steeped my soul in sin, 1 have dyed my hands with blood J" ii The two spinsters and the minister looked at each other with an awful significance. The remorseful utterances seemed to them the tokens of a wandering mind, That this man, their model apd pattern of uprightness,, could deeply err came hardly within the limits, of belief. (To be continued.) 