( .MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. Are we becoming a Near Sichited Peo« pue? isa question whioh Dr. Li ring, in Now York, answers affirmatively. Ho thinks that the long hours of study at the pupil ago, from six to cightoon yoara, tho abicnoo of proper ad« justmont of light in sohoolroonis, tho height and position of desks, whioh induce a stoopiug habit in tho soholar, aro fast making the small wearer of speotaolos a moro and moro common objeot on our Btreot. The blaokboard is recommended for school oxercisoa, ia lioa of the uso of slate and oojjprbook, wbonover it may bo oonvoniently substituted. It is curious to observo that tho uso of moohanioal tools and fine implements does not seem to result in suoh oontraotion of vision as tho servioo of manusoript and printed type. Th» seam «tress, although she works longer and with less suffioiont light, usually, than the lawyer, does not inoline to near-sightedness as muoh as ho, although she may wear oat hot eyes After tho ago of eighteen, however, there is loss dadger of noar sightednesi fro- prolonged uao of tho eyo, althooagh it may . jo io as an inheritance in a younger generation, as tho result of long protracted hoars of study ia an older one Th« tendenoy to this dofeot in vision is more marked among tho Germans than any othor nationality. Tho childron of Gorman parontügo in tho publia sohools of New York, examinod by Drs Loring and Duby, showed a percentage of twenty-four near-tighted, while tho American percentage was ninotoen and the Irish fourteen^, lu the sohools investigatodV tho proportion wak largost in tho older olassosi being in thauswslo year 3 5 por cont. in tho sybui)ge*^asss^. to twenty six per oont in tho olchjk: w$l»xtho^c(portion of natur- ally shapedeyos waseightyaeveriporcoat.among those from six to seven years of agu, and sixty. one per cent, in the scholars of twenty and there- abouts whioh would seem to indicate, if »ustaincd by experiments in conscoutivo years, that the sohoola work in thj interest of the apootaole makers ; and that tho remedy may bo found in a bettor balanoo of tho industrial education with tho litorary ono, and in prolonging tho soason while lessening tho houra given to the latter. Useless Drinking -Tho Bishop of Oxford, speaking in tho tíholdoniaii Theatre, has remark- ed : "I oan havo no manner of doubt that thcro is no greater hindranoo to tho fulfilment, of the douro of tho rulors of 'his anoiont Uai- ' versity thon the provalcnoo of habits of intemper- ance among the students." Wo aro glad to say that we do not fool ourselves absolutely obliged to agroo with the bishop when ho seems to intimate that tho Oxoniaus aro generally guilty of intemperance. Wo 6y no means agroe with him, also, when he indirectly informb ua that tbe wholo Stato is »ufforiog from the intorapor- ' unco whioh ii prevalent throughout tho country. Wo aro not, in faot, ino'inod to admit that drunk- enness and ovor drinking are so universal as como would wish us to bsliove. If, however, tho bis- hop loao'nod on tho subject of uhoIosi drinking, ho would have oallod to our mind tho exi-itouoe of an ovil which ia only too common amongst us Wo oertainly do not live in an ago of hard drink, but, for oil that wo are muoh givi'n to indulging in unneoossary sipping. Wt> aro not four-bottlo mon uko our fathers of the last oontury ; still, at tho samo timo, wa aro far too muoh givou to tiking uuneconsary g1 is o? of sherry, or nipa of ourngio, ko., at nil hourn of tho day. This foolish praotioo oonnot possibly bo oondtioivo to health, and tho sooner ii is given up tho botter. Tho strain upon tho ays tom is ovon almost as great aa if wo wore to got absolutely intoxicated every day, for tho evil cfleota of constantly irritating tho digestive or- gans cannot possibly bo overrated, lu all goad society tho f.iahiou for hard drinking has long siuoe passed away : it would perhaps bo noirly as satisfactory if usolcas sipping wero to follow in Us wako-Pictorial World Names fou Iron-Tho want of re illy effi- cient names to distinguish virioui kinds of manufactured iron has long been felt in tho iron trado The Philadelphia Exhibition gave riso to a Commission, whioh, after discussion of tho question, havo rooomnaonded that all mallotiblo oom pounds of iron similar to tho subjtanoj «ulled wrought iron shall be oallod " wold-iron ;" that nornpouuda similar to the produot bithorto known aa puddled ateol shall be oallod " wold steel ;" that compounds whioh.oannot bo appre- ciably hardonod, whon plaood in water «hilo rud-hot, shall bo oallod "ingotiron;" nnd that oompounds of thia lattor whioh from any oauso ure capable of being tomperciB fahall bo oallod " ingot ateol."-Chalmers Jùjgrnal. A Ghost Stqry.-Tho/Goama oorrespondonfc of the Riverine Ltevald solids tho folio laug par- ticulars of a ghostly wtwation noar tho bordar town ¡-About tcu milea from Moama, ou tho east sido of the line, stands a dummy liouso. Thia bouso has boon oooupied by a party of dam-sinkers and baik-ringora, Those men aver about a fortnight ago thoy wero disturb'd by knooking3 on tho iron roof, and that u;>ou get- ting up they aiw tho figuro of a woman, whon oao among their number put tho question, 'What do you want, Missus ?' to whiob tho figuro replied that sho had boon murdered noar that spot, and that tho bones of herself and infant would be found towards the end of the hut, whoro thoy wero placed fourtoon years ugo by Morgan the bushranger. Onnpi tho party, who poasessccLa whip, medo^fraTríko at the figure, which dity not movej Tho following day tho newe spread, andthHtnoxtnight alargo party assembled, %hon tho apparition again rando ita appearance, and the wholo of these persona uwear most distinctly that they aaw the figuro of a woman, and nothing oan induoo thom to think othorwiao. Last night a dotaohmenfc of tho Moama polioo, undor tbo command of sergeant Vaughan, wont out to see if thero is anything to be seen, and thero is no doubt if any pornon had been ' playing larks' ho would have received a cold lead. Upon tho rotura of the polioo thia morning I ascertained that whilo in tho houso last night a terrifio noiso waa made on tho roof like the sound of a heavy hammer, whoroupon the party rushed out of the house, but could sea nothing. The noiso waa ropcatcd several times, and many of the party, amongst whom woro men supposed to be possessed of courage, seemed vory glad on the approach of grey dawn^ The mystery however, remains the samo, and^anothor party is to be organised, who, togjotbnwith tho polioo, intend to go oat again anJrtry and'olear up th« mystery. The men whi wero living in the but / have left it tcvthe^gjroat/and gone and camped / near a dam It «elma romarJkablo that thirty / men should become alarmod, and positively aver/ that there ii something in it. / In Southorn California tho tomato is porar nial. At Los Angolei thero ia a viue twenty/»« feet high, trained on the Bide of a house. Ip>u blossoms and at the samo time fruit in all/*gc* of growth. / Miss Isabel Morrison has died at B»nff^od105 yoars She had not been out of doo/*or **n years, but had tho uoo of all nor faulting, and oontinuod till nearly ßor lagt days a/nsUnt and intelligent roader. / 