CONSOLING THU WIDOW. AN elderly man with peaked features, large watery eyes, and attire of dilapidated re- spectability, called nt a Danbury bouse last Friday morning for a "lunch." He said he was travelling from Boston to Buffalo, at which latter place he had great expectations. He sat down at the kitchen table, with Iiis long legs coiled up under it, and his long arms spread out upon it, while his ponderous nose stood out like a grease pot on a pair of white pants. Thc woman of the house brought him a plato of bread and meat, and a bowl of coffee. While she was placing the things, he noticed that she wore a black dress and a look of pallor. " Had a death, madam ?" he softly inquired as he squared himself for the repast. "Yes, "sir, "Lately?" "Last Tuesday," answered, faintly. "I was sure of it. Father? mothar? sister? brother?" he asked, taking up a piece of meat with one hand, and slapping it appetizingly upon a piece of bread in tho other. " My husband, sir," she said, drawing out a handkerchief, while her lips quivered. She looked so white and sad and drooping as she sat there, that his heart was touched. "Did he die a natural death ?" he asked softly chewing on thc food, and bending the full glance of his large eyes upon her. " Yes, sir." " It's a bad thing in once so young as you to lose her protector. But he died a natural death, and there is comfort in that." He slapped another piece of meat upon another piece of bread, and quietlyput his teeth through them. " You know," he presently added, "it might have been much different, and far worse. He might have been run over by a train of coal cars, and cut into pound lumps stuck full of gravel." " I know, said she, with shiver. " Then, again, he might have been blown up in a defective saw-mill," said the stranger, taking another bite of food, and gently closing his eyes, as if the better to picture the irredeemable horror of this proposition, " and only about two-thirds of him, and that badly bandaged, ever returned to your agonised sight. Oil, there are a hundred ways he might I have died," he went on, taking a sweep with thc knife at a fly, in the exubérance of his delight that things were os they were instead of os they might have been. "He might have perished in a fire, and been dug out of the ruins next day with a pickaxe. He might have fallen off a two-story building, and struck on his face, and had to have gone through thc funeral on his stomach, with weeping friends pressing thc lost fond kiss on the back of his head. Here the narrator shuddered himself at thc awful prospect of such a catastrophe, while the bereaved woman agonisingly protested against his proceeding. " You'll admit it might have been worse?" he asked, with undisguised anxiety. " Oh, yes, sir," she replied, wiping her eyes. " I'm glad of that," said he, exploring his under-jaw with a fork. " Afflictions wiU como, but if we try to think of those which ore greater that have not come to us, then we are better able to bear those that do. It's been my object to teach you that a natural death is not a thing to despise in these times of rush, crush, and splutter, and if you have learned the lesson my mission is accomplished, and I go my way. I don't want to intrude, of course, on the privacy of deep grief, but if the deceased was about my build, and left behind a vest, not too gaudy iu pattern, I should be pleased to take it along with me as a souvenir of departed worth." He paused an instant, and then added with touching solemnity, " these were his victuals, and it would seem appropriate as well as beautiful to have them held by his vestures." When he went away he hod a souvenir of departed worth. Danbury Kern. J THE spring-time cat is audible, with thc boot-jack obligato. THE best muzzle yet invented fordogs is thc muzzle of a gua. DOSIESTIC PHILOSOPHY.-A baby iz a neces- sity, but twins alwus did seem to me to be of a Bpeckulative natur.-Josh Billings " 1 SOT me down in thought profound, this maxim wise 1 drew : It's easier to love a gal, than inaik a gal love you ?" SINOCLAU.-It is singular how early in lifo a child gains thc reputation of resembling the richest and best-looking relations. A LONCJ LANE.-" Economy is the road to wealth," and wc begin to suspect that it is one which has no turning. Br OUR CYNIC-It takes less time to get over one's own misfortune than to be reconciled to a neighbour's good fortune. THE difference between a hungry man anda glutton is that the hungry man longs to cat and the glutton cats too long. TuEitE are beautiful warm soda-Bprings in Colorado, and people who go bathing in them at once exclaim, "Oh, but this is sodalieious !" > Au. THE Bn'FEREKiE.-A contemporary , takes half a column to tell " What wc drink, j whereas some folks have simply to wink at the barmaid. Tm: DIFFERENCE.-A doctor was asked to dance thc lancers. He declined, but expressed his willingness to lance thc dauccrs. STRANGE ELOPEMENT.-Kentucky beats them all. She now furnishes a case where a man cloped with thu whole family except the old man, who had a lanie back, and couldn't get to the depot in tune. IiiiiEsisTiiiLE AND IMMOVABLE.-Wien a woman makes up her mind that a hen shall sit, and thc hen makes up ber mind that she will, thc irrcstible meets thc immovable, and every law of nature is broken or perverted. POLITENESS EXTRAORDINARY,-The Due de Moray's definition of a polite man is the hardest to realise of any over given. " A polite man," said bc, " is one who bstens with interest to things he kno-vs all about, when they arc told by a person who knows nothing about them." A PATIUJI'H' POSITION-"Maria," observed Mr. Holcomb, as he was putting on his clothes, " there ain't no patch on them breeches yet." " I can't fix it now, no way ; I'm too busy." "Well, give me the patch then, an'TU carry it round with mc. £ don't wont people to think I can't afford the cloth." RESERVED .II'DUMENT.-Lord Polkemmet used to describe bis judical preparations in a characteristic manner : " Ye see, " he would say, " I first read a' the pleadings, and then, after letting them wamble in my warne wi' toddy twa or three days, I gio my aiu interlocutor." ENIWRAUINI! FOR MAC-lu a provincial tlvrcatro thc part of Macbeth was being recently played bj-a clever actor, whowasalso a very great favourite with his audience. In thc liani(uct-sccnc he hod delivered his closing words lo the ghost of Barnato, " Hence, horrible shadow ! Unreal mockery, hence !" when bc dropped upon his kuce, covered his face with his robe, and shuddered convulsively. Cavricd away by the intensity nf thc acting, a youth in the gallery, on seeing Banijuo ilisapjiear, cried out, " lt's all right uow, governor-he's gone !" 