AN ACTOR'S STOEY. So you want to hear my story, ao you ? Well, it's a sad one; but, though the recital will not bring a smile to your lip, it may prove a useful lesson and serve as a warning to you. All ready ? Well, I'll begin. Will I have a duck? No, thank you! Ho, indeed, not if it was to save my life! I know you mean no harm by the invitation; you intend-only kindness and courtesy; hut, if you knew all that the love of strong drink has cost me, the sorrow it has brought into my life, and the dark shadow it has trailed across my pathway, I believe that you would never again ask me to hold a glass of liquor to my lips. It was of that I was going to tellvou! You see, I was travelling m the far West, bringing up at last at San Francisco. I was doing variety "biz," andhttle Nell trapeze, dancing, etc. Sell? Shewasmylittlegirl—the prettiest -creature the sun ever shone on. Didn't know tliat I was married ? Well, von see your mistake. Poor Katie—my wife— hers was s-Jdreadful fate! You see, we were playing ail engagement at a certain fashionable theatre, when, one night during the performance, a fire broke out, by accident, behind the scenes. Katie was standing near waiting for her "call" on, when the flames suddenly burst forth, and, seizing her gauzy dress enveloped her in their horrible folds. And I stood there and saw it all—the writhing, leaping, red demons winding their deathly arms about the slender form o! my darling; her agonizing shrieks and. cries for mercy, it seemed as if I should go mad: In an matant I sprang forward and grasped her m mv arms. I seized a shawl that was lying near, wrapped it around her, and so extinguished the flames. But Katie! my lovely, bright-eyed, darling—she, you'll understand, -my friend, I—I..oan't bear to talk of it—she only; lingered a few hours, and:died an borrible figony.- i'aTdon. thesetears It'all happened long ago. I am an I old fellow now, and-fnlL^oon be on "theg retired Jist'ol^he-profession Jbutthe memory^ Ito^Uota^ mftdown' -- , v ,/ 'Well,- after that I clung tenaciously <foT'; poor..weakhumannature:niust laveBome-.: •fhlng to which it can -cling), with all the strength of my aesolate and stricken heart: to-my one anchor—my only hope, my little Nell. Oh, how I loved the child 1 Ye, believe it, even when you have heard my: .dreadful -story. - She was ao like her, dead mother, with her great, soft, dark eyes, and < -waving, golden hair; that seemed to catch all j the dancing sunbeams, and hold them prisoners in its shining meshes. Her form was so delicate and fairy-like, her every move-; ment full of grace, I knew that aha was "destined to make a reputation on the boards, and from her infancy I had trained her and watched over her, and devoted myself to her, until :I was rewarded by the 'knowledge . thatthere was no more graceful-dacaeuse in the profession; and as for the .trapeze *' biz," I nad never, in all my long experience, beheld anything to compare with her.. She was ao beautiful, £o quick and - dashing, she soon became a ponular favourite, and money began: to pour steadily into aonrmotwer-Jull coffers That's the time I like to think about. Afterwards—ah:! who *woul5.jlook back if they could help It ? How iewif sis dare to do it ?;. Iiot?g:wife,:%J[oaJcmgaback, -hecame a pillar-pf salt ; '^Vand ^oui isvhose life .has ..$one ; !>y-contraries;- by' jSooBng'iloack, t»iU . bBcome apillar of btone-rramnch worse fate.V, I've read th-^ ^meffbere, it's as tws a tiling as ever was written. IWell, I'd come to •the wrong comer o£ my life, and when a man -once turns that corner he's gone, and no hope, for him- Don't look at me so pitifully ; I; can't bear pity, even irom your kmd. eyes, my friend. Let me hasten to the-end <of my story—my tragedy. You see, about that time I took to drinking. I didn't realise Jthat 1 was taking the first step- on the downward-track; but I had so many "friends"'; (bah ! such " friends" are really a man's worst ; enemies), and they congratulatedme on Nell's' success, and invited me to dnjjk; and eo, elated by all the kind things they said (they were a set of well-meaning fellows, and ney»r ; dreamed at the harmSthey were doing); I'gofc; into the habit of drinking with them and: leaving Hell alone when she should have hacC her father—her only earthly friend—at her. side to protect and care for her. So 1'went on from bad to worse. You know how fast, a man goes down :hill when he's once started, _ and at last it -was all 3.;could retaiirHiy ^ position m the company, for I wa -always - -more or leas - liitoxicatea. . ! :4e^ suras Nfllis a waetfece and gentje ft at iad ioxon on4he"iiearijof Aheananager that, •side!' Jroin Ji%r ^opuliriiy,'«he ;caase«t4nT letogreUintS'with-aie^roupe."" * Bat I must Jiapten. jOne"evening I'cams"- home,cros and out of sorts, to find Ifell lyingfln the couch, white and wan; • - -•».-'; "Waat',6 the matter"' I demanded, roughly. • "0father" she cried, liftingherjsoft; »ad eves to my bloated face, " I-fMl jo -bsd to-night! -I'm right weak and dizzy. -Can't IS stay at home for once ? Won't you see Hr. Mdla, the manager, and beg him "to let me off for to-night? Truly, I am very ill, and I believe he will excuse me!" • Excuse you !" I growled. " Hot much-t Tve made a bet with eome men who ara tobe at the theatre, and I've- got fifty dollar* staked on your wire-performance. You're to do the new business to-night, you know. Come, be getting reidy!" She put up both little hands with » nervouscry. • " O father 1 father!" she wailed pleadragly, ''I cannot—indeed, I cannot do thenew act to-night I I'm not able ! I shall get dizzy up there and fall.. I know it. Father'' —her voicegrew dignified and firm—"I shall not^ol" Don't look at me m that way, my friend; X can't bear the scorn in your face. I was ^ maddened with drink, remember. I was nobetter than a savage or a wild beast. I-Iraised my clenched hand, and—I struck my little child ! Don't—don't speak a word, for God's sake! , : , Well, I went to the theatre; a spasm ol remorse touched me, and I determined to tell the manager that she was ill and could not appear. But, when I got behind the scene*, to my amazement, little Nell waa there before me, frightfully white and wan, and a great, red mark upon one pallid cheek. She came straight up to me, and laid her slender hand on mine. "You didn't mean it, father dear,"the little angel whispered. *' I forgive you—and I'll try to play my part." But I onlv pushed her from me and turned away. God! if I could but recall that night ( I would lay my life down willingly to be able to undo that deed. " Well, the curtain was rung up and the performance began, and went on—and at last came Hell's new act on the wire—something . more reckless and daring than anything »he. had ever before attempted. She bounded - ; out before the noisy audience like a lovely spirit. The rouge on her cheeks covered^the •• imprint of-a father's dastardly blow ; she^aabewitchmgbey ond 'compare.:: 1 fihmll.never,:.^ never forget it. "The light that I witnessed : that awful night follows me about for aver,. : like an avenging spirit, and haunts m» persistently like some horrible ghost that will not be laid. It has mane my life a harden—one long, awful agony; sleeping waking, the phantom is evsr at my aide ana. dogs my footsteps. I cannot forget it, cannotshutitout; andsoitwill stay with me until the day I die. You cannot imagine the scene. Tne gorgeous theatre, one flash of light- filled with richly-dressed people—for the diU_ot the city Were assembled there. The gutter of jewels, the lovely faces, the intoxicating .. perfumes, and over »11 the soft, low strains ol music from a matchless orchestra, while above ourheads stretched out that murderous wire upon which my -darling stood, amilrag and bowing to the applauding audiencesmiling and bowing, when I knew her little heart was breaking. _ Can you not imagine it all? Can you not - see her, as «he goes through with the difficult performance ? One tremulous motion, one mistake, and she would bs lost. Seel she turns her frightened eyes npon my own, which, with the savageglare of partialintoxioation, were bent upon her movements, -biw trembles—the diamond-tipped wand in her band quivers and drops from her grasp, »he essays to recover hereelf, but her little form reels and totters. She stretobea out botu arms, and with a wild cry of " Oh, fatherl I cannot do it!" faUs-falls all that horrible distance, down-down. The net spread below is not strong, she goes dowdwar^wd, • oh. God! my little Nell-my lost Katie a. onlv child-lies a , bleeding, mangled mass . at the very feet ot. the horror-stricken audience! Dead! ay,quite dead! • There! That's my story. Dreadful^nfcit? Yes, I am sure that it would be. if onlyiS were not founded entirely upon fiction! You. . see, my friend, I overheard you when you said last night I wasno actor,' so I thought , I'd treat you to a bit of reah.tic acting I Yon wanted to hear my story, you iaow« . Well, you've heard it. I didn't say that it-, - was to be a true one. :;.; You see. I never had a wife. Little HWtt u< but a brain cnilds I never foUowed Horace Greeley's edwe "Go West," and Tariety- " bis" isn't in my line 3 Have shoddy, «ld fellow, and shake tanda. on the V Actor's Story-" Ha 1 ia! li» 1 The n^-Mii. ^i t - That was Mi-appalling, i question propounded-iecsntly4>y ©r-^Eoring,^ to -the Kew YbrfCounty Medical Society, l" "X, -the humajvsye gradually changing form under thsfinauence ot modem civilisa- • tion " It is Dr. Doimg'-s opinion -that constant study, incidental to the lives dl oo many in modern tunes has a tendency to engender the derangement of the «;*,and that this derangemnnt is often perpetuated in hereditv. I ahould agree an tbif with-th® .: doctor, if t coald persuade myself (which:! . :, cannot) that we study as hard as our forefathers did." Nowadays, everybody knowa a Utile, but nobody seems to knowmudi-;. ana -: in literature and theology one looks in y*m : .. for such monsters of erudition as tbe Besaa . and Scaligers, the Ornquiuses xodt Bayles, ;. the Moreris and ieibnitzes, or such "'gulfs of •learninn'" a» Hooter:and Biehc^ iuidrawa. One cannot,'at the same lime, dissent from Dr. Lsring when he points out-that among the most- prominent causes of the ailmenV v-i known as shortsightedness are pow^ooditaa,^ J ventilation, and a general disregard of hygienic«quire*Bdents—a31condncingalaaty5,;S of tissue of whfcVjisarsighteSiesB is an in- . dication. Fbr reaaing- md writing purposes, Ihave myself only^as eye; and when I find, late at jflght,abat«laxity of tissue"'aa beginning to net to, J tak« a pinch ot ftif /: atroag-anuSE. The"tisane"Keems to-get^all A right agamaftertbat; butwhat the effect nt B 4be snuff ma; be on xoy mucous memteraa* :f J date noi coojeatuie. 