'?T-'!f:-' ?:?.?????. CONCERT. . . '-The musical and farcical entertainment ? given by local amateurs on Friday night last was a most complete success. We have been assured by many who were present that nothing had ever before given such general satisfaction ; and from the continu ous, hearty laughter which was provoked by, in the first part, Mr. A. Simpson's comic song, ' I stood it like a lamb,' which was executed to perfection, and in the farces by the drolleries, wit, humour, and local hits of the various characters, one might readily believe, as some of the audience have com plained, that their 'sides literally ached from excessive laughter. The whole affair forci bly proved that the amateur talent of Coota ~ ' '' ffitindra. is at any rate .anything but ? mean, and certainly abundant : and, as it is desira ble that such a company should be kept to gether to be serviceable in aiding local insti tutions, it is to be hoped something will be done towards permanent, organization and frequent practice. ' , ^ The evening was bright with 'silver moonlight,' and consequently a good au dience turned out, and, though the school room was not filled, there inust have been, reckoning all heads, nearly one hundred and fifty present. The building was in every way suitable, excepting that the platform was rather low : and the arrangements and decorations were perfect, and reflected credit on the gentlemen upon whom this work de volved. We need not mention anybody's name in particular ; for all who gave their assistance did so with a readiness deserving of the highest praise. Drapery and other essentials were kindly lent for the occasion by our good-natured storekeepers^ and for the piano the company were indebted to Mrs. Augove. For future concerts it is hoped there will be . no occasion to impose upon neighbours the loan of a piano. It is scarcely a fair thing to expect; and there is now every probability that a first-class instru ment will be purchased 'pro bono puolico. Our inestimable ladies, as usual, gave, their ready - assistance, and were the chief attractions of the occasion. These were — Mrs; E. Barnes, who occasionally presided at -the' piano, Mrs. J. Kibby, and Misses . M'Q-uffin and Perry (who also played some '' otthe accompaniments). Tne musical _ pro gramme was executed as follows: — Piano- forte solo, Fantasia, by Miss Perry ; (3) song, * The Death of Nelson' by Mr. H. Ellen, for which he received an encore ; (2) song, ' Sweethearts,' by Miss M'G-uffiin ; (4) songj 'Let me dream again,' by Miss Perry; (5) song, 'A Warrior Bold,' by Mr. 3J. .Chapman, which on the recall of the . au dieriee he part repeated; (6) comic song, . ..'.The Lamb-like,' by Mr. A- Simpson. This ' was sung in character, and the get-up and execution of the song provoked loud and \- continuous laughter and an irresistible en core. : ?v(7) Duet, 'O'er the Hills,' by Misses vPerry and M'Gufnn, for which they also had to make their re-appearance ; (S) song, .-.???'5 Tell me Mary how to woo the,' by Mr. E. hi Barnes ; (9) song ' Half-mast high,' by Mrs. .'f Kibby. ; ; (10) duet, ' The Cousins,' by Misses !^Perryl'and: M'Gruffin; and concluded with the trio (11), 'The Wreath,' sung by Messsrs. E. Barnes (treble), H. Ellen (tenor), and R; E. Chapman (basso). The remaining: parts of the entertainment comprised a^ burlesque — or what was styled in the ^programme a ' ' side- splitting farce — . of the Irish comedy of c ' Handy Andy ;' and . a' screaming farce' entitled ' The Haunted 'Barber's Shop.' In the' first there were three characters, allotted as follows : — Gouty old gent. (Grumbleton), Mr. Fred. Pink * /stone;; Dr. Cureall, alias Gr. F. N. X. Beer, ?'* 'Mr. A. Simpson; Handy Andy or;,. Mr. u Alunehalqaf , . Mr. T.;;C.' Brown;'; and these ; ^between .them incorporated theiidea ;of the ? ? ' '^onder^iii', Remedy',' to give the farce the ''' greater .effect. ?? , It .w.as thus, .nearly ? wholly Original (the. copy-right reserved), and it appears to have been an' immense success. The second farce consisted of six characters, . -..? The leading character, the Barber, was ad —mirably sustained by Mr. Simpson; the Barbe^'s.Clerk was Mr. Brown- ;. the Darkey Mr. I& Perry, who also 'acted well his part,' and whose appropriate dress and style called forth loud applause ; the Squat \- ter Mr. Hi Ellen ; the Cricketer Mr.' A. H. Richardson; and the G-host , Mr. W. Gr. iiVDfensbire, whose ajipearance on the scene was the signal for the climax in laughter -: and applause. A description of the farces ? ?Would appear too ridiculous in print, though ?-they were abundantly amusing and appro - iupfiate on the stage ; and any further eulor gium on the principal characters will not be .(.expected from us. . . ,;-'-?? The entertainment lasted till, nearly eleven ;r'o' clock, by which time the audience were .-^pretty well exhausted. The amount realised .'. '~$£4?i.3/10/- the -balance of w:hich is to be handed over to the Cootamundra Cricket Olub. ? ? 