..: · · tQe gribe of gaarnrena. ?.t '. & BOMANCE OF SPAIN IN THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY. · CHAPTER XII. (Continued.) ":. Speak lower, Ieohard." whispered his' more prndent cooDli. " She is a terrible .woman I-fJeatures well s chuaoter I How a'K'Ikea demon she looks, as she strikes that '3"alesirble womrn I How hereyes flash I How a sbe acowls I How her white teeth glitter r.:bpiween her thin and colourleo.llps I" . '.'. She is a handsome and amiable now, to ime, as abse was fifteen years ago, Arthur. Ca oyea wonder that I ahoddered and turned with horror and disgust from her love ;: ekog the) " whispered Master Rsdwnind. r2 '"ah, the female beast I To think that she beld win my love from the sweetest, .; gentlet, moest lovely maiden that everlived I" t::Ta "ke ear, Riehard! Youer whiapering >-botnids like the growling o a caged lion I' this was true,and had not the attention o?tbe guards, behind whom the Englishmen ,jstdan. d whom they nearly touched, been "jt'iborbed by the exrciting stene before them, s"ome would have turned their eyes seuspici Sand threateningly upon Master Red ' 'The termagant I The soold I The shrew I he she-catl " continued the latter in the me growling tone, despite the warning of Ie s eniln, and with his eyes all' afame with stae end seoen. "I oenne~rid myself of the sajeinien that I have had seething it my soul b rifteen years, Arthur." sI py yon soften your tone, Richard," ipleaded Maeter Marton. '· :The terrible suspicion that she had much odo with the capture and death of Countess S ha del Terreda by the hands of the sj tred Bbhaso," coontitnued Master Redwind, 'sway hair of his lming red beard seeming el brtle and quiver with restrained rase. "She hated al the Torredes0 and espeoially :-Oonntesa Mona,'who loved me." S"Kinsman," said Master Marton, grasping K'ea-eoo anud arm sharply, " remember our th:' :?Ue, a sod thwe arouwdernottoimperli a: nnght that may condnes to its nsucoee. We ar:.s· r fearfnl proof before us this instant that t:lo.hs women-fiend in woman's shape, if you -Ike-'t-has great pwerin Barcelona. Let her ~i ot recognise you before the purpose of our S*jreeence in Barcelona has been decided upon ;,'.by the Counc a!of Nobles. Ar you love me, *nycoualn." :'-"Enougqh. I will look on in 'illence," ri ed raster Rdwinad, who then beeamoe t" is a most magnificent spentacle," said u; a -; ,nn lleroz to himself. "It is almost equal -to what we are to see done to-day on Volta's c@ offin ahaped platform." Galloe continued to maintain his position Safter the snourging was over. :: When aslbaon alighted from the litter, 1:Gallon stared at him with great ouriosity in -:? hisscoal. : tflo H re ti the owner of thelitter," he \- said'to" himself. "The rich and noble f'" lorentine, Signor Carretta de Mediai, of -w.jehom I have heard so much from my gossips l' getenaly. This is myhBrat slght of him I He 7.5:5.5?::?' feeble old badger, I ese." G:a?.allos would have lost hia footiag on the "' KenLdof the portmantean from sudden terror, hasbd hereognised in the pretended ootogena * 'Si-ean the powerfel and formidable Balbso. .Master Bedwind had never before seen the lamous reneghde chief of the Moore, and of : u'. oprse did not reeognuise that the pretended SFlorentine was ether than he saumed to be. ' Macter lMaston, indeed, had once and but .. once ever seen Balbao. Dot twenty years : had passed sionce he and Balbao met for the frst and only time on the blood- stained deck Of the betrayed Neapolta, and then a.,? Bab!e was elad in Moorish armour and .. soestnme, and their meeting was that of two o'As, roely fighting men, each striving to slay the :4 MaSter Mstzon, of course, did not even se' n .:" :ampeo- that the apparently deorepit ole mao descen .:, ?ding from the litter wea the man who ' J s 'adrobbed him "of all fhat once made life :i:· dear to him." Mester Redwind weea able to see the pale 'and terrified face of the beautiful maiden in i'. the litter as Balboee quitted it, and during : that sonversation which we have related as pasing between Balbae and Countess leer; and again the wonderful similitude of that : lovely face to the face of Countees Mona, as ': memory hbad engraved the latter countenancre ,: forever upopen the heart of the Englishman, s " "traok his brain as violently as it had when .,, he rst noted the likeness in the attic room of The Sweet Repose. S 'Maledletions upon Coeotess lnees," he R ebolaime d in his heart, as his keen eye reand * atred for the maiden in the dark and -swe,??eeve face of the Amasonian countess. .i oe haie the helpless girL Doubtless htes h hiefy beoause the maiden ie eyes, the featnrs and the proud h h not the raven-black hair, .Mona I The maiden hs hair S rs iter, the wife dof Connt , iesfpt? r hr, .-.ows' V f,," her face, are wonderfully like these of CounteEs Mona, the sister of Count Torreda. the woman, the only woman I ever loved. Ah me I how all my soul goes forth in love and pity, and with desire to serve, to res0ue her. But what can I do P Nothing, The maiden is Balbac's daughter." Yet when it was plain upon the vindictive features of Countess Inez that she thought of commanding and forcing Lady Maeente to qit the shelter 2l the litter and walk between the Bles of the guards and in the sight of the rabble to the rear entrance of the Boorda palace, Master Redwind was so stirred to auger and indignation and to effort to befriend the poor maiden, that he said, sternly and loudly: "All honour should be shown to the intended bride of Count SBoords." When Cnonteses Inee gave her command that the bold speaker should be led forward, and as she asked her banner-bearer for the scourge, her eye was upon the ugly face of Juan Oalloz, the most conspiouous object in the direotion whence the bold words had been hurled rather than spoken. The Countess, recovering from the mo mentary belief that she had just heard the voice of a man whom she had never ceased to love with all the intense jealonsey of her tigress-like heart, and greatly veced with herself for having even for an instant fancied that it was possible the man was there, suddenly conceived the idea that the insolent speaker was Juan Galloz. Jean Galloz chanced to be looking at Master Bedwiud as the countess gave the order spoken of. Amazement at the supreme audacity of the Englisbman held thire innkeeper spell-bound for a time, and during that brief but very important time the countess gave her order, and with her severe and revengeful gace upon his face. Had Galloz known that she was gazing at him as she spoke, or susnpected that he was suspected, he would probably have sprung from the portmanteau instantly and hidden himself amid the mass of rabble near him. " Seize Juan Galloz and lead him hither I" cried the puuntess, in her shrill, harsh, yet clear voice, as she acerpted the scourge from her banner-bearer. "Serie whom ? Me ?" roared Juan Galloe, hearing the command distinctly. "Fire and bones I Why, it was-" But befors he ecould say another word Master Maxton grasped hise legs and jerked him down to the ground, flat upon his sack. "Dog of a traitorl Cadmas!" hissed Master Msxton, and in English, as his knee pressed the breast and his dagger menaced the throat of the astounded and half stunned innkesper. "Say that you spoke the words I AdmIt-declare to the countess that you are the offender " "Nay, cousin, I cannot permit-" began Master Bedwind, hearing the command of his kinsman. "Our cause demands it. I, youear esuperior, command i s!" oontinued Master Macton, in reply to his cousin. "I obey," said Master Bedwind, relso tantly. " Obey, betrayer of Christians," he added to Galloz. Evade the rage of the countess as yon may be able." "Ay, obey-or I denounsoe you to the rabble of Barcolona I!" said Master Macton, fiercely. And at this moment four of the guards closed about Gallor and the Englishmen, one saying: "Leave the mxn to us, strangers." laster Marton rose to his feet and stepped aside with hise kinsman, who had taken obarge of their portmanteas. Gallo scrambled to his feet scowling and mutter ing, but offered no resistance to the guards as they collared him and led him to the very spot on which Dams Boveda bad just re oeived her "taste of raw and dried beef," as he had expressed it to himself. If there was one man in all the world of the many detested by Countess Inez whom she desired to scourge more than any other, thatman was the burly, bullying, swaggering, learing, scowling innkeeper of The Sweet Repose. And more than this. Galloz was perfeotly aware of this detestation which hi had lfor gotten in his brutal eagerness to behold the misery and disgrace of Dame Boveda-an eagerness which had oansed him to impru. dently assume his late very oonspiounouns position. "My faithl " thought the guard upon whose shoulders Galloz had held his hands as he stood upon the portmateanu, "I do not think Master Galloz spoke those bold words-though certainly they were spoken behind me, and very near to me. But let me keep my month shat, for, bones of the sraints I my blood ran cold as I fancied the fieroe countese had her gaze upon my face as she said: ' Give me the scourge, Pedro, Imay need it.'" "Vile fellow '" said the countess, with her eyes asquint at Galloz, and poising the sconrge in her right band, " what meant you by daring to speak in sunch a tone, and such words in defiance of my presenoe? Pall bask to your places, guards I Speak, ras cal I" Callos, furiocs as a mad bull-the visage of whiuh animal his own greatly resembled and not daring to give vent to his rage and the truth, rolled his eyes wildly about him, met the exaltant gaze of Dame Boveda rejoicing in antioipation of seeing Galloz, " well basted," as the dame expressed it to heraelf--fed his gaze upon the ground, and shook his bult-like head. " Fary take Dams Boveda I" he said, in his heart. "The hag is licking her chaps with an appetite to see me scourged I" " Do not dare deny that yon aluttered those insolent words-more insoslent in tone than in phrase-for I know that you are the culprit," said the countess, sternly. 'You know a lie l" thought Galleoz, still speechless, and adding to him-olf: "I will neither deny or admit the aoone stion." But as he lilftedhis eyes and gl ,uced around at the many faces about him, he thought: " The shame I The publio shame ! To be flogged like a hound, and by a woman I I will escape the shame if I can." " Noble lady," he said aloud ; "I have had the honour of being with the noble Count Borda--not an hour ago esarcely--and he, I know, would regret-' " What ! Do you presume to be a thinker for my brother I Down apon your knees I You saw how a woman of your class knelt just now " excrlaimed the countess, suddenly dealing the innkeeper a blow across his face. Galloz drew his sleeve across the smarting welt, that told instantly where and how severely the stroke had hurt, and involon tarily his right hand grasped the hilt of his sword. In an instant the spears of twenty guards made a terrible necklace around his throat with their keen and glittering points. But a word, a nod from the fieroe oountess was needed to send these twenty points clashing through his neur, breast, and back. But that would be death, instant death to Juan Galloz; and then her delight in soourg ing him would be lost to the countess. "Disarm and bind him and put him upon his knees," commanded the countess. "May not the litter move on with Lady Mazeenta era your highness chastlises this manl" asked Balbao. "I would surggeet, qu) least, noble lady, that the litter be carried within the premises now rented by me." "The litter or the maiden shall remain where it is, eianoer," replied the eountesas, haughtily. "let her quit the litter ii rou ½l ~ii: --·· do not kiss the feet of what my brother worships." "Nay, great lady. The litter ls at the service of her who will ere night be First Lady in Barcelons," said albac respectfully but pointedly. " She is not yet, and may never be, First Lady in Blreeloea," retorted the countess, with a dangerous sparkle of demon thought in her eve. "I am First Lady in Barcelona, Signor Carsetta and yen will do well to bear the fast in constant remembrance. Your tone is losolent. Your age protests you. Be careful." "By Atlabh," said Bathlbae to himself, "1 verily believe the tigress would dare lay her seourge upon me; My age protects mel Good I If she only suspected now that I am not ten years older than herself I" On his knees, and with his hands crossed and bound at the wrists behind his back, Joan Galloz, not daroing to speak the truth, set his teeth hard together and made his msolets rigid to receive his soeourgiog. Charging at him the countess dealt him the first stroke, and as she reined back her palfrey to charge and strike again, a party of horsemen appeared at the distant end of the narrow stress, and the rabble in that vicinity began to raise shoute of alarm. CHAPTER lX. COUNT 00BDA AND HIS SISTER. TuE shouts of alarm were raised beoans the people at that end of the narrow streert feared they were about to be trampled upon by the horsemen, who had appeared suddenly and at a gallop from another street. Countess Inee glanced in that direction, and, as the horsemen were not more than five hundred paces distant, readily recognised a party of Count Scorda's mounted body guards, and amid them she fancied she saw Count Scorda himself. The monoted body-guards of the count were of a very different slses of the people of Barcelona from that of which his foot guards were composed. The latter were mainly from the lower ranks of the populace, though their captains and chief oficers were membets of some of the uinferior orders of the Catalan nobility; whereas the privates as well as the offioere of the mounted guards were all members of the higher orders of nobility. lMost of the privates of these horsemen were wild, reckless, and dissipated young nobles, solons of families which, in the late political struggle bpetween Soorda and Torreds, were strong partisanms of the ambitious and unscrupulous count. Fifty of these young nobles, aroused to action at an early hour by the salvos of eannon, and by the various rumours euddenly afloat throughout the elty soon after it became known that Lady Mazeenta had escaped from the BSorda palace, had Rweem bled in haste before the latter edifice in The Bamble, and then ridden here and there about the city seeking the count. They met him just after he had hurried from the fortress of The Arsenals, and one o them immediately dismounted and gave up his horse to the count. The count was scarcely in the saddle when he was informep that Lady Msazeenta was in the litter of the supposed Florentine, and that the bearers of the' litter had taken a route which, if not hobanged, would carry them to the rear of the Soorda palace The count then directed his own course thitherward by the shortest route, and accompanied by the young nobles, and ridng faes, appeared at one end of the narrOw and now erowded street, as we have just related. The horsemen, glittering in burnished steel of the most costly and showy armour of the times, and armed with long lances, appeared so suddenly in the rear of the rabble, that the latter shouted in terror, knowing that sinee Count Stords had become absolute ruler in Barcelona neither he nor his partisans showed any respect for the lives and limba of such of the common people as ehanced to be in the way of the reckless and cruel nobility. "What means all this collection of the rabble and riffraff of Barcelona in the rear of our palasese" exclaimed Count Scords, annoyed by what he saw, and riding abreast with three young nobles in advance of the others. "Rein up a moment, gentlemen. Not that I care for the comfort of these base born knaves before us-but, my faith, they are too'olossly packed and pressed together in this narrow street to allow us to ride throughor over then, Hal I see the lances of my noble sdalter's body- guard, her banner. and-yes. that is she-aud the rich litter of Signor ?arretta. What ean be going on there I The countess appears to be striking some one. She has a most devilish temper. Forward, gentlemen. Out of the way, vagabonds I Prick the knaves with your spear points, gentlemen I Forward !" The stern, harsh and powerful voice of the fiery and ruthless count was plainly heard above the cries of terror and appeal raised by the unoffending people near his horse men. He was very pale, and his eyes, always sinister, had a ferocious glare, while his hard-lined features looked snusoally for midable and forbidding as they were framed in the white and stained cloth with which Esan had bandaged the lacerated ear. Chafed, bruieed, chagrined and sore from his recent struggle with Lord Haralda, Count Saorda was in no mood to be merciful to the common people of Barcelona, espeoi ally as he had lately heard that many of their number had uttered what he called seditions whisperings in out-of-the-way corners against his exercise of absolute power. The unfortunate people got out of the way of the advancing nobles as well and as fast as they could-pressing against each other, climbing upon each other's heads and shoulders, scrambling like squirrels and cats up the steep walls on either side of the narrow street wherever they could find a crevice to place a finger or a toe, while here and there some sank down and were re morselessly trodden upon by their terrified comrades. Blbac saw that the same terror and press would soon be near the gate of his hired palace, and that his foliage-hidden grounds would naturally be rushed for as a place of refuge by hundreds of people who would no longer remember the tales of ghosts that hung about the place. He spoke privately to Ahmed Ali, and in stantly that active anbordinate forced his way through the Inez guards that were between the litter and the gateway, and a moment later saw the strong gate closed and barred. Meanwhile Coaouteas Ioez commanded her guards beyond the litter to face about and level their lances towards the people who were between the advancing nobles and her own party. "It is my brother," thought the countess, "and he would not suffer me to scourge this rascal Galloz, perhaps. I shall have time to give the insolent hound a very fine thrashing, however, before my brother can cheek me --i I workfast." The countess then proceeded to "work fast," and, to do her juistice, we must say that she did "work fast," and give Juan Gasllo a most rapid, searching, stinging, slashing, and powerful scourging-being not in the least partionlar whether the seonrge fell upon his head, back, hands or heels. SAt the same time it is necessary tosay that Galloa did pnot resolve a blow more than hIs eontitutleoal, r lality end long an Bieining up her well-traioed pallrey near the koeeling wretch, and leaning well over him, the countess stormed down a perfeot tempest of strokes upon him. The countess had the strength of a strong man, and Joan Galloz had not the fortitnude that had enabled D)ama Boveda to receive her punishment without a whimper. He howledl He roared I He bellowed I Dama Boveda danced and qnivered with delight. More than once while the scourge was falling upon her shoulders she had noted the eager joy with which the inn keeper leered, grmnned, end stared at her over the helmet of the aecommodating soldier. It was her turn to be joyful now. yet she was not wholly satisfied, for more than once she said to herself: " Oh, I wish Phillip Parez could have half of it for calling me a snap-dragon I" We do not know how many blows Galloz received ere the counteas d.saisted from her working so fast. He had a strongbelief that he recelved somewherein the neighbourhood of five millions--though probably not more than a hundred strokes were ctrnck when Count Soords called out : Counteessl Sisterl Ineal Stopl Cease that work I For shame I Stop I" But the count was not near enough to seine his sister's arm as he thus shouted; and when did an angry woman ever hold her striking arm or railing tongue the instant lawful or unlawful authority commanded her obedience. On te controry, the counteesa ealt her strokes all the faster and fiercer after the count shouted at her, till he dashed forward and severed the descending scourge near her hand with a furious sweep of his keen-edged aword; so that we are pleased in being able to say that the guilty and howling innkeeper received about a hundred and twenty blows -which were by no means a whipping for a baby." As a final blow the countess hurled the heavy butt of the scourge at the head of Galloz, and as she was very expert in hurling all kinds of missiles at her servants, the weighty mass, as hard as stone, struck the brutal rascal squarely between his ugly eye., and tumbled him over upon his back. All in all, this punishment was the worast and most complete overthrow Juan Gallon bad ever had-especially as it was inflicted in public and oy the hand of a woman. " Shame, sister " excslaimed Count Saords, a he reined up his horse abreet with that of the fuming countess. "Shame I Why this publio display of your stormy temper ?" " The rancal-your pet knave there- spoke insolently to me in public," seplied the uontess, her voice and lips tremulous with rage and excItement. " And when I offered to punish him in public he dated to clap his beastly hand upon the hilt of his sword." " My lord." said Gallon, who had scrambled to his knees, " as I am a living man, I meant no disrespect to the noble countessI I-" "Silence in my presences " cried the vootonio woman. " Speak agah before me in your defence, and by heaven I wIll have you cut to pieces onthe spot. You have offended me, and escaped with your life. You are more fortunate than many otters have been. Another time you may not be so fortunate." Her eyes darted anch tctrible rage at the nnkeeper that he hung his great ball-like head aund trembled in his buskins. "Your dear lady-love," continued the countees, and addressing the scowling count, 'is in that litter-as you see. I advise you o lose no time in making her; First Lady of Barcelona, or she may escape your love or ever." Turning then to the captain of her guards, ahe gave some brif command, and rode haughtily Land slowly toward the rear ntrance of the Sorda palace. Her troops closed around and behind her, and moved with her. " I would she were dead-or the wife of Balbac the Baracen-or anywhere out of Christendom-that I might never see he face or hear her voice againl" muttered Count Soorda, as he darted a glance of wrath and chagrin after his sister. "I would the Englishman she loved had loved her, married her, and carried her hence fifteen years ago I bhe was half-fiend then, but since he scorned her love she has besoma all fiend. I would the demon had her I I am afraid of her I" He turned to the sergeant of his foot guards and said: "Explain this scourging, Fabio Alvaro." The sergeant obeyed, and, with the brevity of a veteran, as far as he underetood the matter. " I admire and will reward your zeal, Juan +alloz, though I cannot believe that Countess Ines would have inade Lady Mazeenta quit the litter," said Count Soorda. " Such purpose was plain upon the lace of her highness," remarked the sergeant, who had no love for the countesa , " else I am sure Master Galloz would not have spoken so boldly as he did." " May I die in the clutobes of the mob of Bmrcelona, if I spoke a single word," said Galloz to himself. "It was Senor Bichard may the fiend confound and claw him and Senor Arthur I" He rolled his fierce and bloodshot eyes around, and as they met the steady and powerful gaze of Master Maxton, he trembled again and let his glance rove elsewhere. "Unbind Galloz, sergeant," commanded the count. " And, Galloz," he continued, " you shall have a hundred pieces of gold for what you have suffered, and for your zeal in my service to-day. You were right and brave to.say that all honour should be given to the intended bride of Count Soorda. Come hither to my stirrup that I may whisper something." Galioz obeyed, his arms being now free. "You are not that kind of a man," whispered the count, " whose scars from a scourge can be healed by gold." Galloz gazed keenly np into the dark and sinister eyes of the noble, and read there that which emboldened him to reply: " Your greatness knows me well." " So I thought, Galloz. But accept the hundred pieces-they will be paid to you at my palace to-morrow-and ten times as many shall be yours if within a week yon proud lady's high bead in lower-muchb lower than we see it to-day. You understand me ?" " Perfectly, my lord." "By my faith," continued the count, scowhlng, " the life of my bride will not be safe, I think, after the loak of fendish hate the countessa cast upon her as she rode away." To be continued. 