? CHILDREN'S HOSPITAI CONCERT. — WE.. are informed -that all the performers engaged for this concert, to take place on Monday evening next, professional and otherwise, will give their •services gratuitously, and that a very large number of tickets have already been disposed of. THEATRE ROYAL.—A fair audience assembled on Wednesday evening to witness the second representation of "Nemesis" by the Lydia Howarde Troupe. As on the previous evening the extravaganza was preceded by the comic drama of " The Spitplfields Weaver." The performance throughout, judging from the merriment and frequent applause which greeted the principal performers, passed off in a highly satisfactory manner. The same programme will be repeated this evening.. THB HOUNDS.—The hounds will meet at the Adelaide Old Racecourse this morning. HUNT CLUB .RACES.—The sale of booths will take place this evening. ' WHITE'S ROOMS.—The attendance at White's Rooms on Wednesday evening was an improvement on previous occasions, and the entertainment was given in a manner that gave completesatisfaction to 1he audience. To-night there will be an entire change of programme, the usual ghost bill giving place to a variety enter- FALWITNFLN^ L CRICKBT CLVB MEBTINOS.—The annual meeting of the Bast Adelaide Cricket Club is to be held at the Stag Inn, and the Adelaide Central Olnb will meet at Grafe's Coffee Booms this evening. \- BOWING PRIZE.—Bowing men will be glad to learn (says the Argus) that through the generosity of Mr. W. J. Clarke a cup of the value of 100 guineas will shortly be placed in the hands of the Victorian Bowing Association, to take the plaoeof the Footscray Gap, won outright by the Melbourne Club at the late Melbourne Regatta. Mr. L. W. Bell, through whom the prize is presented, has intimated to the Hon. Secretary of the Association that the only condition placed on the gift is that it'is for the senior eight-oar MARINE BOARD.—A meeting of this body took place on Wednesday afternoon, September 4. The President (Captain B. H. Ferguson, S.M.) was absent upon public business at Port Augusta. The Cabinet do not consider that the steamer Syria is entitled to remission of light dues—a decision which was taken as being unfavourable to the abolition of light dues. A memorial signed by 36 business men of Port Pirie, asking for wharf frontages to low- water mark to be sold, was considered. It was thought to be a wrong principle for the Government to part with such frontages, but the Board only formally objected to any sale' of land below high-water mark. The Board waived their recommendation for a 300-feet jetty at Louth Bay, and consented to its being extended 600 feet, which would give 11 or; 12 feet depth of water. The average number of days per month that the Murray-mouth , is navigable was stated at 20, and the effect of tiie signalman's monthly report had been to show that the mouth was not nearly so dangerous as it was thought to be. Bivoli Bay was the subjie*-. of further complaint. Qn .this occasion it cam > from the mraters of the barques Windsor Castle and THimnni, the forms of which had grounael her moorings and the latter had parted tier cables. j 