EoHUC.V, MoAlt.L -VXD KF.R.VNQ ADVERTISER. Published Tiiesdnvs.Thursday's ami S.I till'flays. KOHUOA, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1878. THE DEADLOCK. TUB crisis drags slowly along, and as yet ' there is uo clear indication of the approach : of'its termination. What makes to matter! more unsatisfactory 'still is that It appears 'to be'-beyond tlie power of . any m'an'to predict jWlien'or liow the anomalies of;our 'situation are'toberemedied, or how order istorbe restored out of the existing'clx'aos.' Tho political horizon is,.dimmed :by.'the | sanio clouds that [obacured tlio vision when the' first 'blow! iri;; the;'1 conflict betW.eeii 'the' two'TIouses of our Legislature .was.struck., No'more- cheering .prospect is afforded now' than'was discernible'weeks ago, when tho scheme of .the Government, which was to utterly annihilate all the enemies, of the Ministry and make the' civilized' world' quake, was first contemplated. Tho crisis has now extended over some weeks, 'and still- its probable durationcaunoK-be estimated even approximately. Tlio qiiffe ition when and where is it all to end hasr been asked1 i'of'Ministers^ themselves^' and' they-notwithstandiugJhkbpMtfulness.'witlr whieli they have repeated the assertion that they: had liu. their mind's eye ?a'-well-1 : matured scheme for determining the diffi-. .eulty-have beeri: obliged to'confesstheir in'-' ability to answer the interrogation!MeanT; .while, the entire people of the colony are suffering vicariously the pains and penalties ^brought into operation With the pbject pf subduing the members of the .Upper House.. , It is not the dismissed County Court judges, police magistrates, coroners, etc.," t aloue who endure - the effects of the .."reform and retrenchment".-policy. V These " unfortunate innocents, so. ' ruthlessly ; slaughtered in, ^urtlierance.o't tive and clumsily-worked scheme ;tliafei lias-' Recently been put into operation,; experience: jtheir own troubles no doubt;; but tho effect produced by the instilmont'of: yitality iiit'o' \- /this pet conception of .the Ministry 'do'es/not, end with them. The interests.of all-classes, amongst the people of the colony have been: . affected by it, and even in tho comparatively brief time during which tho deadlock has " up to the present lasted, an injury hiisbeen done to the interests of the colony which l\W«»tsl?fti^&fAe;"efioievAy0 anil' waggish-" ness with which the Ministerial scheme has frequently been referred to in public iby members of the Government-isno laughing _ matter. And when the head of a Govern ment supposed to be guided by a Constitu tion Act proclaims his intention to remove every atom of tho machinery by' which order is maintained, something beyond a mere joke is implied. But when this threat 11 is actually put into execution, and it is manifested beyond all doubt that 110 consi derations of legality or illegality will deter the party in power from exercising their predilections for evil, it is 110 wonder that general alarm should be occasioned, trade stagnated, and capitalists induced to seek safer fields for investing their money; 2 It is thus we find it now. From all ! parts of the , colony we; are told that "the .unprecedented actions 1: of tho Ministry have shaken the confidence 3 of the public in. the stability, of our govern mental. institutions the; delay of justice, and the propensity that ? has been exhibited by those in higlv places' to disregard' equity ' .altogether,: has created a profound' sensa'-1 . tiou amongst those<-who;'are at; all well circumstanced in life, and as a natural eon 1 sequence of all this, the.field of labor, that has been opened up'for the working man is gradually contracting. , Wo, read that;in Melbourne - alone, during : the:-past ;>few '. weeks, thousands upon "'thousands of \- pounds that were ;set'apart by: capitalists for disbursement -in iuilding'and1 other improvements in the city have been diverted to speculation's in the adjoining'colonies,1 the commissions in. soiie instances having boon taken out of the hands.of ,the,archi tects after the contiacts for.the works had been let. Then,; again, in ^ nu merous other cases private employers of labor have deemed it necessary; toinitiate'a policy of " reform" in tlieir establishments, and finally we have it on the authority of Ministers themselves that several public works which required to be performed have, in consequence of the deadlock, been abandoned. These are but a few of the results of the deadlock, but their enumera tion is sufficient to. show tliafc the effects arising out of the present condition of affairs must fall quite as disastrously . on the sliouldors ot the working and middle classes as uj:on those of the capitalists who spend their days in luxurious ease, with nought to trouble them but the contrivances of the so- called " people's Ministry." There may, of course, be some few cases in which capital has been withdrawn from circulation or workmen dismissal, simply in fulfilment of a desire to effect reprisals, and with the view of showing the laboring classes that the levelling policy of tjie Government may be made fcj militate against their own interests. But such cases are undoubtedly the exception, not the rule, for no employer of lafcor would reduce the efficiency ef his establishment by turning hands away unless i; bocnmc absolutely necessary that he sliotld do so through a falling-off of trade. However strong a man's political sontimeits might be, lie would scarcely allow then to load him to the perpetration of such m absurd act of folly as this, which would imouut to nothing lass than endangering his trade in ordor that ho might be onabled io gratify a morbid craving for retaliaaon^gaiust a class of people who may diffo fron him in their political opinions. : The stagnation thathas recently overcome rado in so many directions may there ore fairly "be attributed to the unsettled itate of our political affairs, aud it becomes .lie duty of all who desire to nee the colony jvosperto endeavor to havea remedy applied' ivhieli shall have the effect of restoring matters to their normal condition. There seems .to be but- little chance of any good being done by a further prolongation of the dispute between the Council and the Government, for every successive step taken by the latter teiuU to widen the breach, without in any way pointing to an ultimate solution of the difficulty. The Government has proceeded to such extremes already that it cannot well retrace its steps, and tlie protraction ef the conflict to an indefinite length must inevitably exercise an adverse . effect upon .tlie interlsts''of all classes. In this aspect of the .Case, it appears to ..Ais.that,-,the only sditf'ce!'from which any' immediate help can come is the Council. I'lie GovermAent can oi- will do nothing to alleviate or dispel the ill effectsi that have LibeenT occasioned by the influences they have sit in motion. At the present conjuncture the Council might, with a^vcfy .good grace, extend a helping hand,1 arid right the ship of state, which I lias, been fur some time past engaged in an unequal struggle for existence amongst an apparently iu terminable series of breakers. It is in the power of the members Of that body- to put-an eud-to, or-at least to ciollify, the disturbances iiV tile political waters. By doing So they would earn the gratitude of the country. - To do this, it is only ileceasaiy' that a majority of the members should'signify their ^willingness to Re sume tile consideration' of 'the'1 bill provid ing for the continuance e£ the payment of ; members system until the expiration ofrthe present Pa?tf&nlent.; . 'It;'^UUjd6ubtless| j be remembered that this "Bill/,awhicli--was framed .by the Ministry as a 'nort. of com promise'in' tlVc':earli:er stages -pf^tli^dUputpj-J ®®W rejeetecli iiby 'the;| Council, ibecause Uhe membefs; 'co^jterfeti1 that the retiention'of;:Uie!\iaymWit; of 'ihem bers item on the. Appropriation Act whilst the separate bill wasr under iliscusion was a direct attempt' at coercion. It is com petent for the Assembly now, to, refer .this bill 'olice more to'the'Council, ancl for th& latter to discuss and pass it- For our own part we; cannot see what;*.objection the Council can entertain against adopting this1 conciliatory course. ' It will'iriivolye'jno1! humiliation,,but, on ,the | contrary^ ,wiij do much in'the way of 'softeniilg the hatred with ,,which;,the Council!is regarded*! by' many persons, and in addition to this it will 'rivoVe'nlost1'effectual -in' terminating,r tlid deadlock, ilUie, Government, no . doubt, ' will; gladly take the formal action1 'necessary to allow of the bill in question ibeirig reintroduced in the Upper House, and once it has been passed there need be no further obstacle to prevent the business of the country being again taken up aiid proceeded with in a constitutional manner. The members of the Council need allow iio 'qualms of conscience- to deter tharn: from, taking .the Payment of Members .Bill, as tecommended, for'by the action they took in, laying .aside the-, bill swhen it was pre .vipiisly pefpre them, and subsequently ,re-' jecting the Appropriation Act, they vindi ^caiM their'rights in'a way sufficient for. all 'phimoses.1 '.The Council.'.yHlli ine^et to-day, and we sincerely hope,: not-in the~interosts! of any ^particular1party, but desiring simply to ^ea the,, welfare of the colony ?promoted ^ and the''present wrangling put an end to, that some such course as we ad'vocfti-p.Aviirhe entered upon. ENGLISH MAIL.- Mails for tlio United King dom, &c.;, will cloae at the local post-office as under :-Registered letters, 6 p.m. on Tues day, 19tU February . ordinary letters, 3 p.m. on Wednesday, 20th February ; news papers, 3.15 'p.m. on Wednesday, the 20th February. MURRAY BRIDON COMMISSION'.-A com mission, consisting of Messrs. Richardson and A. K. Suiith, Mi.L.A.., and Hr. John Buncle, lias boen appointed by the Govern ment to report upon the new Murray bridge regarding its design and construction, into, which inquiry will bo made. Mr. Ric.hard.ynn' will act as prosidont. The appointment'-.of the commission has no doubt special refer ence to the design for tlio footway of th* bridge, which is a somewhat vexed question. The matter lias boon in aboyance for some timo without any decision being come to as to whether the pathway should, as originally proposed, run along the platform of ; the bridge, or whether it should be separately constructed on brackets or. cantilevers along the sides of the main structure. Flans following out .this proposal .have;been pre pared, and the commission will have au opportunity; of comparing them witli'the'first designs, and deciding upon the relativo merits of the two projects. The commission is composed of practical men, and their recommendations,1 in' whatever ' direction their inquiry turns, will.carry weight. ' '-Tub BRIDGE OVER; TUB GotrLBURjr.'-The' bridge over the Goulburn, for winch a, cou-: tract has been let by the Shire Council, is a fruitful source of litigation. The bridge.was the. subject of a lawsuit by the Council against the Council of the Shire of Waranga, whom it was sought to compel to contribute towards its cost; as it is upon the boundary of the two shires; but Judge Bindon, before whom the appeal was heard- iii. the appellate jurisdiction of the.Court of General Sessions, refused'to; make ail order as asked, and the law expenses to,the, Ecliuca Council,were something' like £300; 'Now that the same majority of councillors who sold tho Shiro Hall havo let a contract for build ing the bridge at a cost of £1,810 18s. upon the sole responsibility of the Echuca Shiro, another phase of the law turns up. George Tanner, a sawmill proprietor, at Shepparton, lias applied for an injunction to restrain tho council from oxpendiug the shire funds upon tho work, and tho motion is sot down for hearing in the Supreme Court on tho 21st instant. It will bo remembered that Crs. Leahy and Campbell wero'the mover and seconder of tho resolution resolving upon tho orection of the bridgo, and the motion was carried by tlioir rote3 and those of Crs. Webb (Presi dent) and Spencer, Crs. Shackell and Nolan voting against it. Somo payments havo alroady been made on account of the con tract. Tirs Borouciu Cou.vcti, and THE Gas wohks.-TUo burgesses of Echuca woukl appoar to bo well satisfied with tho Borough Council purchasing the gasworks as thoy propose to do. A meeting wa3 con vened by one or two dissentients to bo held at Spearing'* Palace Hotel last night, witk the object of protesting agaiust tho purchase, but only one gentleman put in sin appear ance. The general opinion appears to bo that tho Council aro proceeding wisely in purchasing the works, which in their hands will probably give choapor gas to the towns people, besides lighting tho streets, thus improving tho town and banefitinj the people generally. A Ncisan'OI:-A foul smoll pervaded the neighborhood of the Baptist Church y Satur day, arising from stagnant water lying in channels which are partly blocked up by tho formation of the levels now going on in Annesloy and Atistruther streets. Some earthemvaro pipes have been laid down temporarily, apparently to carry off the drainage, but they do not do so effectually, and the consequence is tho nuisance com plained of, which should bo remedied. . MR, G-. LANGFORD AND ths LE(:at. PRO FESSION.-Tha following reply has been re ceived by the members of the legal profession practising in Echuca from Mr. G. Laugford, late Police Magistrate for the Echuca dis trict, to the adJres3 of sympathy they pre sented to him upon his dismissal:-" Echuca, 8th February, 1878. Gentlemen,-I beg to acknowledge the receipt of yonr very graceful and kind address, and to o.Tpreas to yon _the groat gratification it has afforded Mo. J'W tfoitkl possibly be in a better posi tion than you to judge of the manner in which I have, for many years past, carried out tho duties of a Police Magistrate and Chairman of Petty Sessions. Your com munication is, thorofore, very gratifying to me. I must bo allowed, also, to thank you for your expressions of sympathy and good wishes.' I trust that tlio ofLioial relations that have existed between ns may bo ro .nowed at 110 distant date, lie that as it m;'.y, however, I shall ever bear in my memory a grateful recollection of yonr kindness, as evinced in the address you have presented to me.-I am, gentlemen, youi'3 rory faithfully, G-eougk Bis<iFoftb. To It. \V. Penue fjittler,' Esq., Barriater-at-Law ; Henry P. Taylor, Esq., Solicitor; Arthur E. Barry, Esq.,' Solicitor; A. C. Akehurst, Solicitor ; 0\. L. Hanbury, Esq., Solicitor, Echuca." AMEdED '-Card-shaiu'ixci. - A' case ot alleged card-sharping, the first of the kiud ever heard in Echuca,.came before the local police court on Monday, wlioii Heury pale) a publican,.w4s;,chargi!d wilit this oiloiica. T)he eviddtlca tfent id show that defendant iiiid woii from John Thomas, a drovei" from Queensland, the sum of £39 8a. at tho game of " poker" which the pair played ail the night of the 4th inat., and from two in the afternoon'till half-paat ten o'clock the next evening. t At this stage of the game jut in terruption jtooicplra owing) . iU Xliduias allegesj te.Uis Sliding Dale with more cards than lie should have had, and accordingly ho brought the'case into court. His statement was uncorroborated, however, but a man nnmed Moloney, who was present when Dale and liim fell'out,' and whom ho subpoenaed as a ^.witness, did (not appear. The case was acijourned, ta allow of Maloney, who was said' to .be lying sick at defendant's hotel, being''produced, j RIVER ITEMS.-The river trade promises ? to. take a. speedy turn for the better., The Murrumbidgee has risen so high owing to tho ! late rains ' as to bo navigable, and' this fortuitous circumstance is eagerly availed of by tho masters of vessels Which have been stuck in the stream for the last month or two. JTlio stoanler Oon-ong and'barge, which was aground 120 miles below Hay, having on board the now pumping plant for the Hay waterworks, will bo on the movej a3 also the jAlfrecl and her ionsort, which aW,expected to ira'ach EelitiCa at ill early date. Telegrams were received yostorday that the river was 11 feet above summer level at Wagga, and 4 feet at Gundacrai, wiih'a corresponding rise at Hay. The Murray is not 'rising at present, .but as there i3 plenty of rain. portending a bigger river,may bo:<looked for soon.:. The Hay Steam.Navigation Company arespending £250 in refitting one of their -fleet-the steamnr - Burriibogie-which has1 been ' on | Messrs. Air and Westargarde's y slip for tho -last, ten": IjJaysl' ;:;:She':'isia, .,{:UaVjUig a'J .now- bottom' .pit/, and ,also, iunder going -a ; thorough overhaul, including a lieiv pilot < house.'S The' 'Vessel - will 'ibe turned, off-tho/stooks spiqk;.and span in about ! a week's time. Messrs;' /lM'Oulioch and Co., who recently called for tenders for two log barges,:?> h&ve;^no'w I' resolved': to :.*.bnild .instead two fii?t-lolas3,ci}rgo, boats, .each ,111 '{set- Ions, 22 "foot1 beam,'and 8: foot' depth of hold,=the material to be....redgura .forboth planking awl' beams'. *.; Tli'e:' .raising of the barge Swan, which sank .near M'Gronther's mills, owing to her aeam3 being open, was the signal for the founderin'g'-'of another barge,0 the Bludbell, belonging., to, the Messrs. Laing. The' ' Bluebell : 'was' used to "raise -jthe, .Swan,theM ^voight. of which caused tlie boat to sink so low tli.it she took-.in ,a largo quantity of; water, and l when the supporting tackling was removed, the bar"e filled and wont down. In a .few uours yesceraay, nowover, tlio Teasel was raised,'with ntnisiial celerity;'Afterinspect ing the wracked steamer Wahgunyah, com petent judges are of opinion that her hull below the (water line is,perfectly, sound,(and may be iSuilf bver!uc'The' (nachi'nefy also'is understood to be vory little damaged, , but it -will be thoroughly surveyed and' tested be fore being used (.again. ,. -The^-hull ia nowj being raised from where itwasscuttlad on the -morning tho fire took place. -Owners of boats have been actively repairing,'-to be ready for the busy season., ,The steamer,Edwardsr has . just come off "the slip hear'Moama,' after haying he?sponsons iron,shod/and,reiMj^ed,, and her paddle-boxes put in order aiid re painted., A little, lower, down; the barge Only Son'is being'partly're- plantedc;and furnished1 with' a- new bilge,''keelson^'and stem. At ,Mr..^Yhiteley's mills th'e^ barge Monlameiu', is, being ' freshjy caulked, and renovated with'new decks and cembings! 1' " Economy-ry THE .RAIEWAY DePAimfK.VT. 1-The Minister of Railways, carrying out the retrenchment policy of tlio Government, 1 lias sent a circular to all tlio stationmasters ^throughout the colony, directing them to economise clerical labor as much as possible. .Clerks have been removed to Melbourne frotn a number of stations, preparatory to their being drafted into other channels of employment-in tlie public sorvice, or of their being dismissed. At the Echuca station the staff has boon much reducod, but this miy Ibe owing in this case to the cessation of the riv«r trade. Ponding a resumption of the wharf work, tho wharf master has been transferred to the goods sheds of the railway station, where his experience and ability is found of groat sorvice. THE MOAMA COURT HOITSE.-Tho Court House at Moama, which was put up in the earlyjdays, when buildings as a rule were not so faithfully erected as they aro now, is showing signs of wear and tear. Tho llood of 1870, which rose above tho floor of the Court, damaged the foundations, and how the lato rains have playod sad havoc with the roof, soaking through it like a sponge. Above and below the building is so dilapi dated that it will shortly have to be replaced by a new one, if justice is to be meted out in ahall of befitting respectability. THE RAIUFAI.t,.-On Sunday ovening another welcome fall of rain took placo. Tlie afternoon had been beautifully fine, but towards ovening a change threatened. About half-past seven o'clock a violont storm of wind arose, followed in about a quarter of an hour by a heavy downpour, accompanied by vivid lightning in quickly succeeding flashes. Tho rain continued for ab-jut an hour, and tho morning broke li.ie. The country is now so amply supplied with water as to avert all danger of a short supply again this soason. Towards Deniliquin tracts of land aro under water almost as far as tho eyo can reach. ACCIDBNT.-Mr. Win. Gray, of Torruni barry, while driving with his wifo along Hare-street on Saturday, narrowly escaped a serious accident. Just as ho reached the Commercial Bank, at the intersection of Pakenham-street, the mire he wis driving (one belonging to R[r. W. S. Gardiner) became restive. It kicked one of its hind feet right through the front of the carriage ami got its leg over the shaft, falling 011 the opposite sido and breakin.; the shaft. The horse was out about th : le^s, and Jlr. Gray procured another to proceed home. Mo.urA. PKOPEHTV DiSTitinirrioN'. - Tiio scheme for the distribution of the proporty of a wealthy resident of Moani i upon the art union principle will be laid before the public in a few days. Tin lucky holders of prize tickets will'i id theiiuelves in posses sion of houses and land ranging in value up to £3,00), which is the tirst prize, repre sented by an extensive hotel and grounds. Tho prospectus, we are informed, will fully satisfy the public as to the bm a-jhU nature of the speculation, and be so liberal in its terms as to insuro its being satisfactorily 1 oarriod through. JtaMA ELECTORAL ROW,. - The rapid settlement which has taken place ia and atwi idJMoama within the last twelve months ia sh'wn by the increase in the number of nanus on the electoral roll for the district. Thcunmul census of persona eligible to vote for (10 Moarria portion of the electoral dis trict of the Murray, has just been taken by tlifi tfoauH police, ^50 and iierr frames iiavd beer added to the roll, malting C08 electors in al. Last year there were 5-17 voters on the 'oil of whom 129 have left the district, so thattln net increase in the electoral strength ovei last year is 121. The roll -i of tho dis trict have been steadily increasing for the lasttivo years. EXTENSION OF THE WATER. StrpfliY.-T?he resilents of i'akenhaui and Hovel streets are at iasfc about to have the municipal wafer supply at their doors. Tho extension of iho mains along these streets has bean gain? on for some time, and the pipes will be iaid in Pakerihani-stroet as far as they are Ordered to g(i, viz., to Mitchell-street, by Thursday. Th& Iiovell-slreet section is tb go as far M;Kinley-street, and this will be done in about three weeks. The pipe3 are laii by the Council's man, and the trenches are dug by Mr. Cleary,' under contract. Any householder along the new line3 of extension oan have service pipes laid to his premises on making application at the Town Hall, to the engineer, in due forirn / POLICJB SlAtiKftUtB ltoH EcrtuOA--it Iia3 been definitely settled that' Mr. Punton, P.if., shall visit EcliuCa: to preside on tho bench as occasion may require. Mr. M'Luckio, clerk of the Echnca Court: of Petty Sessions, has received notice from tho Crown Law department: ".that in any ca3es arising which may require the attention of a warden) pdlice irtagiatrilto, dr a licensirig.stipetidiary nlagiatfato) a rtotificd tion must be sent in good time to tho pfilico magistrate at Melbourne, J. ! 'Pariton, Esq., who has been appointed in duo course. to attend to such matters." -? ? iUs---.il . NEW POLICE SiA-rioy, MOAKA.-The now police station at Moama will be feady'for. occupation in about a fortnight's'-time.'., The building is a credit to the town and will bo a ni03t desirable place of residence for the force, for whom there is ample accommoda* tion. The quarters Me p( , brick, and the design is similar , to that, or,-the ? Echuca barracks; the frontage is to; the: :main road of the town, Shore-street,; as it is culled, and the site, which.is three-qilart'ers of an acre in. extent, stands high and ,'dry.,^,'It was'at first proposed to have the. station next 'the pre sent lock-itp, but the ground, i was; :low and swampy and the site not-so central. :a3 : tho one finally adopted; ''The 'building has been erected by Messrs. M'Bride rtiid Kobei'l adij) of Bdhiica, who have-(very, effectively performed their worW. .'.The ,contract lias ! been in hand about'twelve months a delay having taken place:Jn .consequence; of; tho change' of aito. ..??MM': .> ;<? ? ; AUCTION* SALES.--Mr. James.Shickoll will sell tO;day, jit noon, on the'premises, Kent Farm, Wharparilla', "the/lwhole'-,6f, .Messrs, H. Luxford and Son's.farming.'plant,and stock, including'engines, ;threshers, horses, cow3, vehicle?, prodiicej etc. 'Conveyances will leave Martin's. Commercial Hotel, for the convenience of peraons wishing td attend the sale, at toil o'clock this morning. Messrs. Brown and Seward; will sell to-murrow, at 12 o'clock, at tho Commercial Hotel, !an allot ment of' land, 35ft. frontiige to Hare-street. THE . Moitt.v " GuoST."-The ghost . at 'Moira, after being a nine days' wonder, hiis apparently.snnk :to rest, and; no, more .dis turbs a whole community by its startling revlsitings of its former habitation. .' Moama for soino days was all agog iinentjthbappear' ancos of the supernatural visitorjaild so in fections was the; general! Curiosity that in Ecluica-some adventurous - spirits thought that a vi4t toHhe liauiitod spot.would/afierd' an excollenfc1 night's amusement.' 1 vA' -party was projected to interview tho 'apparition at tho witd»ing..iho«r^of^'mMwgbi,;'led on by SorgeantVaughari, who had consented to join the expedition ; but'as the ghost has not beeu. seen for a few nights, a rough ride-and tho loss of a night's'sleop for the sake of a wild goose chase hasbeeri bettor thought of. Tun GRAPE CROP.-The grape gardens in and around Echuca have-benefited wonder fully from-the rain.-'Before'1 the rain ciune' tho fruit was small'.'ahd^-shrivelled and very backward "jin ^CDinidg.'.to; maturity, but; tho grapes are now .full, luscious, and of large size. 16 was expected that- the yield would bo a very poor onte,' bi;t: thero \\\"ill; bc a very good ' crop"considering the dryness-'of- the 'season for^a.long; time.., We;haye'f'sejn.'an excellent '."sample 1',of,. grapes j,grown . by.Mr. Wannop^of.'Leslie-'streofci ,, ,i ;i J.I-..! ;U , CLOUD OF FLYING ANTS.-On Saturday a cloud'of flying'ants' was' seen hovering-just above the towev wHich is, being built at the Dew public offices, Hare-street,, and so thick wore the insects that until closely looked ,at they would betaken for curling wreaths of smoke. Tho ants settled upon the workmen in", such number? that they had to boat a retreat from the tower until the winged host had betaken itself elsewhere. SERVICE OP SONG.-The choir of the Presbyterian Church, Echnca, assisted by the senior scholars of the Sabbath school, are practising a service of song entitled ''Tho Path of life," to be given on the first Sunday in March next. NEW COMMISSION AGENCY.-Mr. C. Vines, professional accconntant, announces through our advertising columns that he is open to receive orders as a land and general commis sion agent and financial broker at: this office or his rooms, Francis-street, prior to his opening central offices. COURT OP INQUIRY.-A. court of inquiry under the " Lands Acts Amendment Act, 1875 " will be held at the Court-house, Moama, on Tuesday, tho 19th February. ANOTHER QUIBBLE.-The Cabinet (states tho Argus) will have an important meeting to-day (Monday) to decide the question whether the resolution to pay on the votes of tho Assembly shall not bo supplemented by other steps. During the Darling crisis opinions were givon by the Crown law officers to the effect that the 45th section of the Con stitution Act, which makes the cost of col | lecting tho revenue a first charge upon tho public funds, constitutes a special appropria tion, and that under it tho officers engaged in the Railway, tho Customs, tho Treasury, and tho Lands and Postal departments can be paid without further reference to either House. The Police, tho Education, the Law, and the Chief Secretary's offices would stand outsido this arrangement, but the salaries of officers in these departments could for the present be paid out of the balanoo of the £s00,000 supply vote still in hand. Tho effect of the scheme is to lengthen the timo ovor which the supply vote will carry the Government, and to postpone the moment wlion it must nakedly fall back upon the authority of tho one House. However, tha Cabinet has yet to decide whether it will ask tho Assembly to authorise the step, or whether it will depend ontirely upon last Tuesday's resolution. THE DEADLOCK.-It is quite expected that either on Tuesday or on an early day a member of the minority in the Council will move that the Payment of Members Bill he restored to tho notice paper. Thoro is groat division of opinion among tho supporters of the Government in the Lower House as to tho course which should bo taken in tho evont of the Council ultimately passing the moasure. The more extreme of the members are disposed to raise tho cry of The whole bill and nothing but the bill," and to demand that the Appropriation Bill should still be passed with the payment of members item comained in it, while more moderate men consider that it would ho folly to con tinue the quarrel after the original cause had disappeared. That the '.'avuient of Members Bill would have m ire than a reasonable chance of pissing tho Council if coercion were withdrawn is well known. So it would lu'.-e had in tho first instance, aad tho obstacle is still thj conduct of tho Govern ment in not formally withdrawing the itom from the Estimates. Peacemakers from both sides have been at work, but the broach is ! | still open, -Argus. 