A HITCH SOMEWHERE. A young artist of this city, who was ' favourably mentioned' at the last art exhibition, read with much gratification the clever little story that has been going the rounds of the newspapers of late regarding another famous painter — Landseer. It seeniB that a few years before the latteiJs death he went to a London bank to have a check cashed. The teller required the great animal painter to identify himself before the money could be paid. Aa the artist knew no one in that part of London, the situation was an annoying one. Suddenly an idea occurred to him. ' You have seen 'engravings of Landseer' s works ?' be inquired. ' Why, of course,' replied the teller ; ' I have his ' Three Friends' in my own parlour.' Landseer seized a bit of blotting-paper and a pencil and with a few hurried lines reproduced the famous trio of horse heads. Without another word the money was paid over. Our native painter, whom we shall call Daubney, as that is not his name, was very much struck by this anecdote, and so the next day he thought he would ascertain if true genius obtained the same instant recognition in this country as in the old. Arming himself with a check on the Nevada Bank for one thousand dollars, he proceeded to that institution and presented the same. ' But I don't know you, sir,' at once replied the teller. 'Have you ever been through the rooms of the Ait Association! ' ' Certainly.' ' Very well, then,' replied D., drawing off his gloves like the Czar of Russia after Plevna, 'just hand me a bit of blotting-paper .and a pencil.' In a few moments he handed the paper back to tho teller. ' There, sir : do you see that 1 ' ' Yes, 1 do. What of it 1 ' ' What does it remind you of ! ' and the landscape man smiled affably upon the crowd of clerks that had by this time collected. 'It looks like a section of an hair mattress,' said the bank official. ' Blood and ochre, man ! that's a rough copy of ' The Petaluma Foothills,' and my name is— Daubney.' ' Don't care if it's Judas Iscariot ; you haven't any money in this bank.' ' Why, did— did— L-l-andseer have any in that bank!' gasped the astounded young man. ' What are you giving us !' growled the teller. ' Do you know I've a mind to hand you over to the police.' ' I guess the poor devil is only a little crazy,' said a kind hearted bookkeeper, looking up from his ledger. ' Better just have the porter fire him out.' When Daubney reached the sidewalk, and got hie coat collar smoothed straight again, he came to the conclusion that either aesthetic art hadn't the ghost of a show in this community, or else there was something in that Landseer story that he hadn't quite got the hang of after all. 