REVIEW. THE ABORIGINES OF VICTORIA.* Mr. R. Brough Smyth's magnum opus, com- menced 10 years ago, and persevered in during such intervals of time as were available since then, has just made its appearance, and we venture to think that it can scarcely fail to meet with a most cordial reception from the ethnologists, anthropologists, and philo- logists of Europe and America, and to take its place as a work of standard authority in both continents on all questions connected with the aboriginal races, not merely of Victoria, but of other parts of Australia. Mr Smyth has enjoyed exceptional oppor- tunities of obtaining information respecting the customs of those races, and he has turned them to excellent account in a modestly written preface he acknowledges his obliga- tions to those who have co-operated with him in the production of this work, and it is one which reflects the utmost credit no less on the liberality of the various Administrations by which the necessary expenditure was authorised, than upon the author himself. Its appearance is exceedingly well timed. The ultimate extinction of the blacks in Vic- toria, Mr Smith regards as inevitable, and the publication of a work like this will have the effect of exciting an interest in the subject, of stimulating inquiry, and of lead- ing to the collection and record of a good many facts which might otherwise pass into oblivion, without note or comment. Then, again, such a powerful impulse has been communicated to the study of anthro- pology, and the cognate sciences, by the popularisation of the writings of men like Blumenbach, Broca, Vogt, Topinard, Von Baer, Gratiolet, Nott, Pouchet, Lyell, Tylor, De Quatrefages, Catlin, Lubbock, and Dar- win, as also by the exhumation of the re- mains of so many of the primitive races in all parts of Europe, that the addition of such a mass of information as has been gathered together in the bulky volume under notice, to the sum of previously accumulated know- ledge on the subject, will be eagerly welcomed by the scientists of the old world. Equally acceptable will some portions of the book be to those who are engaged in investigating the origin of language. Canon Farrar will be especially gratified to learn how much support is given to the onomato- poetic theory by a great number of words in the Australian vocabulary over and above those he has quoted in his Language and Languages. He holds that all matter-words, that is to say, those which supply the main materials of thought and speech, such as nouns and verbs, signifying perceptible objects or distinct actions, spring from imitative sounds. The following abori- ginal names certainly do so :- Wa-ak, crow; koorabaukoola, magpie; wook-ook, mopoke; koorookookoo, dove; petereet, plover; drumbullabul, thunder; moorra- moorra, rattle; chee-koorn-der, to sneeze; kong-kang, frogs; trentin, tearing; tampin, walking, &c.;, &c.; And it is interesting to observe that where a name has to be applied to an annual previously unknown, the Aus- tialian falls back upon the child's method of designating it by an obvious onomatopoeia. Thus the barn-door fowl becomes chuck-chuck, the domesticated dog karl, from the noise he makes when he snarls, and the gun drum- bullabul, from the resemblance of its report to a clap of thunder. We have here some- thing closely analagous to the Dutch rom- melen, the German rumpeln, the Italian rimbombare, and the English rumble, all of them being imitative sounds. We may add that sign language, which Professor Marsh regards as having preceded articulate language, is in use among the abori- gines, and that, as might be expected, they possess no terms by which to express abstract ideas. But this is the characteristic of most savage dialects, and it ought to suggest some serious reflections as to the inutility of endeavouring to convey to the aboriginal mind ideas of this kind, which are probably just as inconceivable as they are inexpressible by his intelligence. Mr. Smyths introductory chapter, covering 56 pages, and containing an epitomised state- ment of the conclusions arrived at in the body of the work, is so full of instructive information that we should be glad to see it republished in a separate form, for the use of schools, and for the benefit of those to whom the book itself will be inaccessible on account of its magnitude and costliness. With respect to the question of race, Mr Smyth points out that in physical structure and colour, the Australian shows no resem- blance to the Polynesian, the Malay, or the Chinese; while in his myths, his tales, and his superstitions, he also differs from all three. The late Oscar Peschel, we may re- mind our readers, separated the Australians and Tasmamans into a distinct group, and so does Dr. Topinard , while Pickering speaks of them as being "almost as anoma- lous as the inferior animals and plants of the same quarter of the globe." Of the character of the aboriginal Mr Smyth writes :-"He is courageous when opposed to a mortal enemy, and timid in the darkness of night, when he believes that wicked spirits are abroad. He is cruel to his foes and kind to his friends. He will look upon infanticide with- out repugnance, but he is affectionate in the treatment of the children that are permitted to live. He will half murder a girl in order to possess her as his wife, but he will protect her and love her when she resigns herself to his will. He is a murderer when his tribe requires a murder to be done, but in a fight he is generous, and takes no unfair advan- tage. He is affectionate towards his rela- tives, and respectful and dutiful in his be- behaviour to the aged. He is hospitable. He has many very good qualities, and many very bad ones, and in the contrarieties of his mental constitution there is much to remind us of the peculiarities of the people of our own race. As may be sup- posed, there were no insane persons and no idiots amongst the Australians, and suicide was unknown when they were living in their wild state." Lunacy and life weariness will no doubt come with ad- vancing civilisation. Like the Anglo-Australian, the aboriginal child is precocious, and begins to look about for food almost as soon as the young of the kangaroo. As a rule, children are kindly treated, and their parents do not resort to any contrivances for distorting them. " Young mothors kill the first bom child, because it is a burden, because it is weakly, perhaps because it is deformed".' The practice is sanctioned by an unwritten and immemorial law, and it is certainly far more merciful than to place an infant in a baby farm, or with a faiseuse d'anges, to be starved to death by inches. As to the punish- ment which a native inflicts upon his wife, Mr Smyth observes, with a touch of sarcasm, " it is not so degrading, perhaps, but nearly as severe as that inflicted by the lower class of whites when their wives displease them. Instead of the hob-nailed shoe, the Aus- tralian uses a weapon of war-a waddy."' In the matter of mariage, exogamy is universal. "A tribe is, in fact but an en- largement of a family circle, and none within it can intermarry. A man must get a wife from a neighbouring tribe, either by consent, or by barter, or by theft. When a native is about to die, he is removed to a spot at some little distance from his miam ; and, after death, the corpse is so moved and carried as to prevent the contact of the living with the dead, so that instinct seems to suggest the same precautions as would be imposed by sanitary science. Like most savage tribes the Austialians are firm believers in spiritism, and they imagine that the ghosts of the dead linger about the places to which they were attached in life. The abode of these disembodied entities is supposed to be in regions either towards the setting sun, or in the east where he rises; which seems to indicate a sort of vague con- sciousness that that luminary is the source of vitalising power. "The people are governed by the heads of \------------------------ * The Aborigines of Victoria. By R. Brough Smyth Melbourne: John Ferres. \------------------------ families, who settle quarrels and preserve order. " ' They have plenty of amusements, and exhibit an extraordinary skill and perse- verance in hunting and fishing. They go out in a canoe at night and use torches to attract the fish, just as is done in the North of Eng- land and Scotland, and they spear them with a bident in the shallow waters of the Murray, precisey as the ancient Egyptian did in the Nile. On the coast of this colony, Mr Smyth tells us, there are accumulations of fish shells, resembling in many respects the kjok- ken moddings of Denmark. These contain stones which have been evidently subjected to the action of fire, together with numerous fragments of charcoal ."The mirra-yong heaps in the inland parts of Victoria, com- posed of earth, charcoal, ashes and the bones of animals-the cooking places of the tribes-- are also large and numerous. " Cannibalism formerly prevailed throughout the whole of Australia, but the dishes served up at such feasts seem to have been confined to succu- lent babies, and to the best joints cut from warriors who had been slain in battle. The native doctors are much trusted by the blacks, and it is evident that the former have some sort of intuitive comprehension of the principles laid down by men like Dr Tuke, Unzer, Muller, John Hunter, James Hinton, and others, with respect to the influence of the mind on the body, as a therapeutic agent. The patient believes in the efficacy of the remedy administered to him, and the belief effects the cure. "Twenty years ago," writes James Hinton, the famous aurist, " a doctor was walking through a field of peas. He took a few in his hand, and as he meditated, he rolled them between his fingers. While thus engaged he passed by a house where lived a woman deranged in health. She thought if a doctor was rolling any thing in his hands it must be a pill, and asked him to give her some, for she had taken much medicine, and could get no better. He gave her two peas, she took them , the next day he called and found that they had cured her ." In other words, her imagination had cured her. And it is equally potent among the blakes. On the other hand, they frequently die under what we should con- sider proper medical treatment. They de- spond, and the battle is lost. Bishop Sal- vado is quoted by Mr Smyth as having observed that " when a native has been under treatment by a medical man, in a hospital or a private house, he has made no improve- ment, but when consigned to the care of his friends, and taken to the bush, he has rapidly recovered. " " Their vapour baths and their decoctions," Mr Smjth says, "are more in accordance with our notions of treating diseases (than their incantations, &c.; ); and these, we may suppose, did not arise out of their super- stitions, but were the results of experience. ' They also anticipated white men in admitting females to practice medicine. The aboriginal is, naturally, strong and healthy, it is only when he is placed in artificial conditions of life that he droops and withers " The pro- cess of selection which nature has employed in fitting him for the haunts he loves, is one which renders him a ready victim to the diseases that are the results of the kind of civilsation now existing, diseases which would be unknown were civilisation based on natural laws, and not crippled by old superstitions nor held in bondage by vicious inventions. " Speaking of the personal adornment of the females, Mr. Smyth remarks that it would be "difficult to name any of their customs that are not apparently the germs of var)ing phases of fashion that exist at the present day, the origin of which, unless we seek it in the habits of savages, is hidden from us. ' How true this is, as regards the various modes of dressing the hair which have been in vogue among fashionable women in European and American society, during the present cen- tury, no one who is familiar with the illustrations of the travels of Livingstone, Schwienfurth, Cameron, Burton, and Stanley in Africa, will need to be reminded. In the decorative arts, the Australian is superior to many savage tribes. " Without culture and without refinement he is an artist. He paints n caves, n places where he has access to caves, and where there are none he bends a sheet of bark, smokes the inner surface until it is blackened, and then depicts with the nail of his thumb or a bone awl, pictures of birds and beasts, men and scenes in his life. " But in all his pic- toial essays, to his credit be it said, there is not a trace of indecency. He seems to excel in portraying the emu, which he represents with lifelike accuracy in eiery variety of attitude, and in depicting trees Mr. Smyth states, as the result of his ex- amination of the cave pictures engraved in Sir George Grey's volumes, that, with one doubtful exception, they appear to be the work of natives, unassisted by any knowledge gamed by intercourse with persons of a different race. The weapons and implements of the aborigines exhibit in- genuity of design, skill in workmanship, a careful adaptation of means to ends, and a nice sense of symmetry and proportion in their ornamentation. Their message sticks are highly interesting, and appear to bo pre- ferable to the quipa of the Peruvians as de- senbed by Mr. Prescott. Mr Smyth says -"The Australians, according to the statements made by my correspon- dents, and confirmed byj the evidence I have produced, could really send mes- sages, describe the events of a journey, and furnish details of a kind likely to be useful to their friends. It is not without interest and importance that one of these message sticks should have been produced in a court of justice in Queensland, and inter- preted by a native trooper. " This was in June, 1870 when such a missive was found in the possession of an aboriginal named Jacob, to whom it was mysteriously con- veyed while he was in prison by some mem- bers of his tribe who wanted to rescue him, and the stick announced to him both their whereabouts and their purpose. W ith respect to the condition of this conti- nent at the time the flint implement makers of the drift period in Europe were living, the author of this work remarks that it was "probably an unpeopled tract, where the then nearly extinct volcanoes shed at times over the landscape a feeble light, and the lion gnawing the bones of a kan- garoo was watched with jackall-liko eyes by the native dog, ready to eat up such scraps as his powerful enemy might leave when his hunger was appeased. It is almost certain that during the period of the large carnivorous marsupials man was not there to contest with him the right to the proceeds of the chase." At the same time, there is abun- dance of eudence to show that the native race is of immense antiquity, and that all the languages spoken by the various tribes are derived from a common source. In Dr. Paul Topinard's valuable Etude sur les Races In- digènes de l'Australie, he feels himself com- pelled to declare that " the primordial negroid element" in the population of this continent is autocthonic, that this was, in fact, a dis- tinct centre of evolution, and Mr. Smyth seems to regard the aborigines as having had their souche in York Peninsula, from whence they flowed down in two streams, the one following the east and the other the west coast, and that when they came to this part of the country, they pursued the course of the great rivers. "'The area within which the custom of circumcision prevails, and per- haps also the area within which the boome- rang is not used, point also to such divi- sions of the streams of immigration as are suggested. " 'That Tasmania once-in the later tertiaryj period-formed a continuous southward extension of Victoria, is a fact clearly established on geological data , and, if it were not so, the original junction of the two lands would rest upon the same kind of evidence which Mr. Wallace has adduced in support of the theory that the islands of Sumatra and Borneo once formed part of the Malay Peninsula, and that Now Guinea was at the same time the most northerly part of Australia. But the Tasmanians " were darker, shorter, moro stoutly built, and generally less pleasing in aspect than the people of the con- tinent. Their hair was woolly and crisp, and some bore a likeness to the African negro. Their aspect was different from that of the Australians In their form, their colour, and their hair theywere rather Papuan than Australian." There were also Papuan affinities in their dialects , w.hile, as Mr Smyth points out, Dr. Latham considers those affinities to be much stronger between theTasmanian and the New Caledonian languages than between those of Australia and Tasmania. As con- tributions towards the settlement of ethno- logical problems, by comparati e philology, it would be difficult to exaggerate the value of the vocabularies collected by the author and occupying 220 pages of his book. It is to be hoped that wherever similar collections exist in manuscript, and we know of at least one such compiled by a lady in the Western district, who speaks the native dialect of the local tribe, they will be made public in the cause of science. High praise must be awarded to Mr. Smyth, for the method and arrangement of his work, which has been systematically planned and executed , each section of it being complete in itself. Beginning with the physical and mental character of the natives, he posses on to speak of their numbers and distribution; the birth and education of their children their marriage rites, ceremonies, and usages, their conduct with respect to the dying and the dead , their encampments and domestic life, property in land, personal rights, warlike con- flicts. traffihc, and pastimes, theirfood and their modes of procuring and cooking it, the diseases to which they are subject, and their methods of treating then , their dress and personal ornaments, their artistic perform- ances their weapons of offence and defence, their implements and manufactures, their manner of producing fire, the material and construction of their canoes, and the myths which are current among them. The foregoing form the contents of the first volume, in which the chapter devoted to legends and traditions is not the least interesting. The story of the deluge in which all the blackfellows were drowned except one man and two or three women, is very curious, as illustrating the universality of the belief in such a catas- trophe among savage tribes, who could not have been acquainted with the Mosaic re- cord, and who had certainly no kinship with the Adamic family. George Catlin, who asserts that "the American Indians are as distinct from all the other races of the earth as the other races of the earth are distinct from each other," and who pronounces them to be unmistakably outocthonic-the monuments of Yucatan, he says, being far older than the time of Adam, makes the following remark -" Of 120 different tribes which I have visited in North and South and Central America, every tribe has related to me, more or less distinctly, their traditions of the deluge, in which ' one,' or ' three,' or 'eight' persons were soved above the waters, on the top of a high mountain. In Aus- tralia, the place of refuge was supposed to be a mud island near Port Albert. But of course, under the circumstances, this would be no other than a mountain peak, covered with the slime left by the receding waters. What is the rational explanation of this world wide myth? The aborigines associate the introduction of death into the world with the approach of the first created man andwoman to a tree, in which lived a certain bat, which waa on no account to be disturbed. But one day the woman was gathering firewood thereabouts, and the bat was startled and flew away. Then came death. We agree, however, with Mr. Smyth in suspecting the antiquity of this myth. Before man appeared upon the earth, the blacks believe it was inhabited by birds, over whom the eaglehawk was king. With re= spect to the astronomical ideas of the natives some interesting particulars are quoted from a paper by Mr. Stanbridge of Daylesford, who stated that certain families profess to possess a special knowledge of the constitution of the stellar universe. Accord- ing to one of these families, belonging to the Boorong tribe in the Mallee country. " The earth is flat, and was in darkness until the sun was made by Pupperimbul. This person was one of the race who then inhabited the earth, and who are now called Nurrumibung-uttias, or old spirits. They possessed fire, and also the same character- istics as the present race, but were trans- lated in various forms to tho heavens before the present race came into existence. Al the celestial bodies as well as all appear- anees in space (tyrille) are supposed to have been made by them. They exercise all spiritual influences, whether for good or evil, upon the earth, where they are represented in a material form amongst other creatures by the Pupperimbul (Estrelda Temporalis) to kill one of which would be avenged by a deluge of rain. The planet Jupiter is re- garded as the husband of Venus, and the names and characteristics attributed to some of the principal constellations are by no means destitute of poetic beauty. The information which Mr. Smyth has ac- cumulated with respect to the bunyip, so much dreaded by the natives, leaves very little room to doubt that there is an am- phibious animal related to the seal tribe, in habiting some of the lakes of Australia and Tasmania, which has hitherto eluded ob- servation and description by the naturalist. Its bulk has been exaggerated by the terror it inspired, as was the case with the sea ser- pent, but the fact of its existence rests upon evidence other than that of the aborigines, which is certainly entitled to credit. The second volume of the work under review is mainly occupied with the language of the aborigines, the dialects into which it has branched off, and the names given by the natives to the various localities and natural features of this portion of Australia. Many of these are very euphonious, and as they are also descriptive, their retention, wherever practicable, seems very desirable. Epithets like Longerenong, the dividing of the waters; Bombeet, muddy water; Bun- bunger, a spring Dunnawalla, brackish lake; Mulleen, tea tree spring; Monegol, little round swamp ; Kurr-nung, a little watercourse; Toonallook, long narrow water; Woorrara, a mountainous place; Langi-barrimal, the haunt of the emu; Benwerrin, the long hill; Bundarra, the head of a plain ; Porpanda, high mountains ; Buln-buln, the lyre bird ; Toombal, a lake; Ballarat, a resting place ; Warrenyeep, emu feathers, &c; , will always possess an historical value, because they tend, where they are pre- served, to perpetuate the recollection of what were the distinctive features of the localities to which and at the time when they were originally applied. The appendices, nine in number, are full of interesting matter contributed by Mr. Philip Chauncy, the Rev. W. Ridley, Mr. Albert A. C. LeSouef.Mr Alfred Howitt, Mr W. Locke, Professor Halford, and the late Messrs. J. M. Davis and A. F. A. Greeves, and a conclud- ing chapter is devoted to the aborigines o Tasmania. The work has been handsomely printed by Mr. Ferres, and is copiously illus- tratcd with woodcuts, which have been well engraved by Mr. T. Grosse, while its value is enhanced by a good index and by a map showing approximately some of the areas occupied by the aboriginal tribes of Vic- toria. We may confidently predict that the book is one which will immediately take and per- manently maintain a high place in the litera- ture of ethnology as well as of linguistic and anthropological science. And when the poli- tical conflicts of the first half century of Vic- torian history, and the actors in them who strutted and fretted their little hour upon the legislative stage, have passed away and been forgotten, it may perhaps be remembered to the credit of some of them that they asked the Legislature for the time being to autho- rise the expenditure of the money required for the printing illustrating and publication of the Aborigines of Victoria. Mr. Smyth's reward will be the acquisition of an enduring reputation as the author of a work which it has been a pleasure to read, a source of in- struction to study, and a duty to praise. 