On one of those luotnorablo occasions, when tho Bcibey Administration was boing put through tho customary crucial ordor under the leadership of Air. P. 0. Fysh, tho proceedings wero somewhat reliovod from their characteristic malig- nity by a solemn delivery of judgment on tho part of Mr. Nicholas John Brown — 44 that tho Jteibey Alinistry was by far tho worst the colony had over known." This scntonco of reprobation, coming from tho member for Cumberland, -although it had no efloet in either improving or making worse tho position of Ministers in the estimation of tho public, excited a good deal of attention from thoso who did not know that tho futuvo Alinintor of Lands and Works was oven thuu contemplating profiting porsonally by the deposition from ollice of Mr. Reiboy and his col leagues. It was little suspoctod at tho time that one who had novor manifested the least evidence of fitness to hold tho office of an lmmblo subordinate or third- class clerk was an applicant for tho posi tion of political head of Iho most impor tant of all the public dopartmonls of tho State. Bnfc there is no anticipating to what height men's ambition will rieo whon it it supported by an inordinate share of self-esteem and a commensurate supply of " cheek." If Mr. Brown would only refrain from intermeddling in tho business of the Lands and Works Do- Sartmeut, ho might bo allowod to wear is dignities and honors, and to draw his monthly stipend, without notico and in peaco. Unfortunately this is precisely tho conrso ho does not, nor will not pursue, and hcnco it is that, however roluctant wo aro to make " Tho worst Minister of Lands and Works tin's colony has ovor had the mis- fortuno to sco in oflice" tho Bubject of criticism or nnitiiadvorsion, it is impossible to discharge our duties as journalists, and at tho samo time to permit Air. Brown's oflicial proceodiugs to pass unnoticed. Tho bill for tho maintenance of tho main roads of tho colony wo have inci dentally referred to on former occasions. Like tho bill for tho aulo and disposal of tho lands of tho Crown, tho object of Air. Brown is to concontrato tho wliolo govern ment and administration of tho colony in tho hands of tho Executivo for tho titno being. This Minister lias no faith in boards of any kind, and he has avowed that, had ho loavo to mrsuo his course untrammolod by tho oiluonco of Parliament and public opinion, ho would not allow' interference with tho direct action of the Executive in tho oxpending of the moneys to be appro priated for tho maintaining of the main roads of tho colony. Flo would not hear of a Central Board of Lands and Works, such as aro found to operate for tho security and propor administration of tho public money and estate in the other of the Australasian colonies. And why ? Becauso, forsooth, 44 Tasmania is too small n country to carry out a proper system of chocks upon the action of tho Executivo." Tho Executive is to bo left frco to spend the public moneys in any way they plcaso, becauso the country is com paratively small, and sparsely in habited, and cannot afford to provido securities against mal- administration ! It might be as reasonably urged that wo ought not to havo two Bouses of Parlia ment, or four paid political heads of departments, with their staffs of subordi nates, or six members of the Cabinet, ns this number constitutes an eighth of tho nggregatc numbers of both Houses, and is out of all reasonable proportion to tho elective strength of tlio representative forces. Wo might, in fact, urgo a thou sand moro rensonablo objections against many of thoso things that exist among us than that whiclf it has been tho fashion to plead in justification of the system which loaves it in tho power of tho Execu tivo to diroct, without any effective chock upon their action, tho expenditure of largo Bums of tho public 'money, as well as tho sale and disposal of the lands of tho Crown. Tho bill pre pared, or rather about to bo submitted to Parliament, by Air. Brown, is, with tho exception of a few clauses, n recast of previous Land Acts. All that is novel is as bad as might bo expected from the hands of one whoso policy has boon, and continue, we hnvo good reason for know- ing, to be, to eouaerve every acre u» coun try capablo of furnishing u bite of grass for the sole use and benolit ot tho class he ropreseuts, and to confine agricultural scHlomont and seloctiou to iho heavily timbered forest lands of the colony. . Tho Aliuigtor of Lands and Works is 44 tho bo all and end all " in this bill. No olio has any power but him. "Agricultural lands, tiulcBs doscribed by tho Minis ter ns such, aro not agricultural lauds at all. It is the Minister's dictum, either expressed by himself or through tho Governor in Council — that is, to impart capacity to tho soil to grow wheat, oats, potatoes, turnips, or carrots, and unless the Minister's barometrical or thermometrical scruplcB or doubts can bo satisfied by the report of somo obsequious district surveyor that the climato comes up to his ideal standard of fitnoas, no land can be-soleetod us agricultural if applied; for by anyone suspected of holding political opinions diffemnt to thoso of the Minister. This, of course, is not oxprcssly provided in the bill, but so absolnto aro tho powers given to the Aliuiatcr that ho is loft to act as arbitrarily and as much in accordance with his own unchecked disposition as if ho wero a despot uncon trolled by anything but his own will, 14 Tho pastoral lands compriso all lands not boing town lands or agricultural lands, which tho Minister, upon his own ex amination, or upon tho report of a sur veyor, from time to time, dcomn and deohuos to be unsuitable for cultivation, regard being had to the locality and general nature and quality of tho land, and to tho existing circumstances of tho colony at tho timo." Now we invito our readers' attention to the peculiar pliraso- ology and wording of Litis definition of 44 pastoral hinds." 44 Regard being had to Iho locality and general nature and quality of tlio laud, and to tho existing circumstances of the colon)' at tho timo." There is not an act of tyranny, of in justice, or of favoritism, that could not bo dofendud upon one or other of the grounds hero specified. It would bo just as reasonable to hnvo closed tho list of conditions horoin proscribed, with tlio comprohensivo word 44 etcetera " This definition is pure nonsense, and wo consider that tho draftsman comprehended himself that which he desired to oxprcss. Tho 10th clanso gives selectors and pur chasers tlio privilogc of selecting and pur chasing one allotment of 100 acros, at thirty shillings per acre, with payments sproad ovor a period of twouty years and distributed thus— one shilling per aero at tho timo of signing contract of sale. Ono shilling per acre for nine subscquentycara, and two shillings per acre for tho further poriod of ton yoars. A romlssion of a certain portion of purchase money is al lowed after tho expiration of fifteen years, provided purchaser commences to reside upon the allotment . within ono year after tho date of signing con tract of sale-continues to residn for fivo years after dato of such contract— clears and cultivates one half of such lot, or effects improvements to the value of thirty shillings per acre, and shall have paid his instalments of purchase money during tho said poriod of fifteen years. Every conditional purchaser, after the expiration of six years, shall be entitled to a grant of his lot, upon payment by him at any timo of a sum equal, with the sum already paid, to tho total Bum of ono pound per nuro, upon proof to tho satis faction of tho Minister— that ho has resided continuously for a term of five years on such lot, that he has fulfilled tho conditions prescribed, and hns paid during live years tho instalments of pur chase money. Thoso may bo said tu bo tho principal changes in the bill now about to be submitted as a consolidation and amondmeut of tho existing Waste Lands Acts of tho colony. Tliero ore, howovor, somo other clauses in tho bill which we do not expect to rcq passed into law, namely, tho 34th, 35th, aud 30th. Why they havo been introduced wo aront a loss to conjecture, unless it be for tho purpose of hntuporing tho owners of saw mills, who hnvo done Hitch a vast amount of good hy turning, with tho aid of their capital and skill, our useless forests into a source of wealth and usefulness. Every one above 21 years of ago is to have per mission to nolect one block of land of the area of 320 acres, but not in any district proclaimed as available forsolcction under clause 10 (the selection clause). For such allotment the selector is to pay down iipon signing contract of salo, cither tho whole of tho purchase money in cash, or elso pay ono-fonrth of tho purchaso money ill cash, and tho balanco by throe annual instal ments bearing interest at tho ruto six pounds per centum per annum. This will havo tho effect of discouraging selec tions boing nuulo oithcr in tho heavily timbered districts or those peculiarly pas toral, or defined to bo such by tho Minis ter of Lands and Works. Tho price of land selected under this clauso, in any dis trict not declared available to selectors under section 10, is to be fixed at thirty shillings per acre, and payments aro only sproad over a poriod of four yoars, with iuterost added at six por . oont. per annum. This olause, when aided by a friendly Minister in office, will bo a special as woll as a powerful protection to tho pastoral intorcst, and will opcruto against tho owners of saw mills in the forest lands of tho colony. So that on tho whole, this product of tho enlightoned views of the Minister of Lands and Works, while it professes to encourngo settlement iu our agricultural districts, is about as cunningly doviscd a schemo for socuring to tho interest of tho class so well represented by Air. Nicholas Joliu Brown a coinpleto monopoly of such por tions of tho colony as, in tho opinion . of our oulightened Minister of Lauds and Works, is nnsuitcd, for climatic and other equally woll founded and devised objec tions, for agricultural purposes. The Acts which this Bill professes to supersede and roponl aro infinitely preferable in every respect to this very illiberal con ception of a mind which appears to bo much jiflected by procltvitios of a puroly bucolic character aud tondenoy. Wk never remember a session of Parlia ment, ovon in Tasmania, during the timo of, the old Legislative Council, or tho rdgiino which has succocdod it, where tlio effects of incapacity on tho part of Minis ters are so obvious, and so detrimental to tho good government and legislation of the country. No ono denies to the Premier tho possession of excollont abilities, and aptitude for the conduct of publio busi ness. But the fact is ovident that, for somo cause or another, ho is , ft failure in his present position. It may bo that his colleagues do not givo iiim thnt spcoies of servico which lie oxpccted, or that ho lias not the moral courago to exer cise that control over thorn which tho head of a Government must enforce in order to preserve harmony as woll as order, and tho nccossnry degioe of subordination to tho cluof authority. There has not been a meeting of Parlia ment sinco tho session opened but some thing has occurred, or somo. revolution is made, to the damago of the 'character of Air. Giblin's Cabinet for honosty. and fair dealing with the Parliament and tlio public.- 'Nothing could .possibly" reflect greater discredit on any body of men ontrustod with the Government of n people than the fact, roluctantly admitted ! I iy MinMnr-, (hit tluw :»!hnvt-l 'If d i"i- Utioii iiMin thn Loudon Directory of the Main Line Railway Company to leave. England for Tasmania, whon they knew their presence here would only entail unnecessary expense, and to still further lower the credit of the colony iu England I Let any impartial individual, whoso | brain is not boated to fovor tonipc- rature.by being constantly exposod to iho firo of this unprincipled controversy betwoou the company and our Govern ment, reflect for a moinout on tlio position we. now occupy hoforo tho heads of the grehloss inonoy mart in tho world, and nil tho effects of obliging tho counsels of such Solons us Messrs. P. O. Fysh, Giblin; Alooro, and others 1 We really cannot bring ourselves to beliovo that Alossrs. Gihiin and Fysh, as business men, could ovor have soriously imagined that, aftor permitting tho Hue to be opened mid used and .aiding the company with aloau of pub lic money, we wore not bound in law and in equity to pay the guaranteed interest? 1 ime has shown that those who aro repro- soutod as tho eneuiics of thn colony and tho friends of n straiigo or foreign coin- Sony wero in tho right; and it cannot now o donicd that had their riows boon ac cepted by ttie public, and acted upou by our rulers, wo should havo suffered no revorso on tho London Stook Excliango, nor have tho credit of tho colony dragged in tho dirt by Air. Albert Grant, or any body olso. What the naturo of Mr. P. O. Fysh's public mission in London is wo Hro at a loss to comprehend Wo only hour the ono cardinal fact that he lias failed in every movemont on behalf of tho colony ho lias as yet attempted, and that he suc ceeded iu only ono lino Action, so far as this country is concerned, namely, in making bad worse, and ill aggravating instead of modifying unfortunate causes of disagree ment between parties whose interest it is now to pull together, mid forget all that is uuplonsant iu connection. with tho past. It is very much to be regretted that some final settlement of this quarrel has not boon arrived at. So long as it roumins open, so long will it ho a sourco of trouble, vexation, and loss to tho colony. Thoso unthinking pcrsous who demand the pound of flesh, ask, 44 Why should the colony bo expected to pay a few hundreds or thousands of pounds sterling while tliero is a chance of evading payment by going to law?" Tho answer is plain and simple enough, namoly, wo hnvo already lost moro, directly and indirectly, by the controversy than would pay for the constructing of scores of milos of. cheap railroads aud tramroads to feed what may bo now regarded as a moro bnck-bouo, without artories, muscles, or even ribs to sustahi it iu vigorous exist- eneo. Nay, wo havo suffered greatly in our credit and character by tho charactor of that species of advocacy 14 for tho rights of the colony," which is moro damnatory to the best moral, as well as matoriul, iuterests, thau it is in the power of mere money to indemnify us for. We believe that AH. Gibliu lncks tho boldness and courage wiiicii arc essential to the success of leadors in times of difficulties. TIo possesses too much cunning, and by far too little of tho ingenuous, candid, opon- iiiimlod politician, who places reli- anco upon tho honosty of his intentions, tho soundness of his principles, and the merits of his cause, to consider a resort to littlo artifices, tricks, and finessing, to compensate for tho absenco of real powor. All throughout tho soasion wo have noted particularly the many proofs tho Premier has given of tho want of a proper spirit of self- reliance. IIo appears to be iu & stato of constant approbousion that soiuo- thing may occur, or that some untoward revelation may bo made which may com promise his official position, and cause him to abandon a post ho ovory day ex hibits loss ability to occupy with advantago to cither himsolf, his party, or the country. What could bo moro con- tomptiblo than tho conduct of Alinistors in relation to thouegociatious between Cap tain Stanley and tho Government? What moro disrespectful to the rcprcsent&tivos; of the country 1 Wo cannot soo how tho Opposition can avoid giving Parliament an opportunity of expressing an opinion as to the fitness of Alinistors to conduct any longer tho business of the country. Wo are no advocates for a present chango, although wo aro convinced tho time cannot bo long postponed until somo chango in the personnel of the Executivo will bo found, to be an unavoidable neceessity. It would bo a groat misfortuno as well as loss to the country to have its public works and landB under the sole control of a goiitlomnn witli such confirmod procli vities as tho lion, member for Cumber- 1 land. And wo boliove it is quito pussiblo to procuro tho services of a Colonial Secretary, and oven of an Attornoy- Genoral, who might not compare unfavor ably with Alossrs. Arooro aud Alfred Dobson. Emsctoratr or Quekniiohouou. — A worthy resident elector of this suburban district lias thought it necessary to sou net an nlarin hell, warning the olcctora against thu possibility of huiug taken by surprise and when not prepared to nmot the enemy. Whotlic3upj)osed',c»omy"»iay ho, woarcnot prepared to even make a guess ; hut should he prove to bo tho individual whom roporfc speaks of, he will iudeod hen "surpriso," but one wo should not bo surprised to find tho 44 alarm boll" ringing a triple-bob major iu his praises. Wo, too, wnru our Quecnbnrough friends to keep their wcathor eyes open, or clso tlioy might get such a "surprise" might associate the naina of tho district with something or somebody, who, for tho present, shall bo namslces. We 1 shall keep our eyes open at all ovents. Intercolonial Mails.— Wo should like to know how much longer the public are to suffer through tho nml-adminiatration of the Tnsmanian Stcnin Navigation Coirpany, in respect to the days on which its steamers arrive at Launccston. Yesterday again tho steamer Mangana reached the Northern town with mails to Saturday, yet they must lie eighteen hours in the Launccston Post office, before they aro on their way to their destina tion. Surely if tho postal authorities do not possess tho power of protesting against such a stato of things, they can represent to the company tlio inconvenience which the pub lic is put to through tho unnecessary delay of tho mails. As it is, every such instance as that to which we refer tends but to con- vinco the public that tho T.S.N. Co. is one of thoso institutions which attempt to per petuate that period of somnolence and sleepy hollowism which in other respects wo aro now happily above reproach. Tlio Secretary of the Post Office lias informed us that the Mangana's mails will come forward to-day hytiio ordinary, goods train, and will bo doliverod at tho post Offico window at 7.15 pun. . Clark's Gatetv Gnoor.— To-night the Tasmanian Hall will he opened by Clark's Gaiety Group, which consists of Mr. Alfred Silvostcr, tho son of tlio celebrated Fakir of Oolu, Air. Ernest Voltaire, a first-class Ten- triloquist, Mdllc. Naomi, who does the floating hi tho air business, and last, but not least, Aliss Minnie Nordt, whose ability as a concert singer is well kuown in this city. Theatre Royal.— The comedy of 44 Baby" was repeated on Saturday evening at tho theatre, tlio characters being sustained in 1 tho samo creditable manner for which we havo previously accorded the company praise. An excellent farce, " A Alodcl of a Wife," was plnyud'as an afterpiece, and was provocativo of roars of laughter, Mr. Wheat- leigh, in his. representation of tho .principal character, bcing.veiy nmusing. This even- j ing "The Colleen jktwu" wjlj bc produced. 1 Tin; Cnv Cm'St 1 1.. — ' The Municipal Coun cil will meet this afternoon, at the Muni cipal Council Chamber, at 4 o'clock Tho following is the business for consideration : — Reports from various committees n« follows, viz. — Public Works : On application of hon. see. Society for Prevention Cruelly to Ani mals on condition of roads at Landsdnwne Crescent and Forest Road ; on offers of Messrs. Andrews, Wiggins, and Tfawkcs, to supply a certain nmount of material, labor, horses, and carts to amend tho condi tion of such roads, if tlio Corporation will allow the ttso of tlio crushing machine, etc. ; on two letters from Mr. II. W. Fryer on condition of Fredcrick-slrcet ; on petition for removal of a ulicd on Corpora tion laud in Batlmrst-strcot, umlor lease to tho Borwent and Tamar Assurance Com pany ; on application of Air. Hunter for a bridge over side channel in Elizabeth- street, and pitching aud repairing footpath, etc. ; on application of Mr. George Peacock for bridge ovor side channel, Old Wharf — both under bye-law ; on ap plication of Air. W. Snow for stone to build a retaining wall in Patrick-street. Bkacossfiki.d and GouTscirAKorr at Banter. — The "Times" Paris correspon dent telegraphs under dato July 18:— The German papers arc retailing or inventing anecdotes of Lord Bcaconsfichl, whom they rcprosent as tho wit of the Congress. One story in that, on I'ritico Bismarck mention ing, two days before the Treaty was signed, that lio had arranged to leavo Berlin that day, Lord Buaconsficld suggested that a hitch might occur, and that this was selling tho bear's skin beforo killing the hear. 44 Kill it, then," said tho Prince. 44 1 mean to do so," replied Lord Beaconsficld, alluding to a popular pseudonym for Russia. Another story represents Princo Gnrtcbakoff as send ing to a colleaguo to make inquiries ns to Lord Beacnnsfiold' health. " 1 am better," was tho answer ; 44 and a little rest will sot mc right." " But aro you not afraid," said tlio Russian Plenipotentiary,, "that Cyprus will prove a morsel difficult of diges tion, which will disturb your rest?" "t)li, no." replied Lord Reaconsfiold ; 44 1 can say, like my doctor — " probata hi cat" (pro Batmun est). Tins Eastkhn Question Once Moue. — Our European telegrams published this morn ing convey tho idea that complications in tho East aro anything but settled. It ap pears that Great Britain is disinclined to accede to tlio request of Germany that the powers should fnrco Turkey to carry out tho provisions of the Treaty of Berlin, From tho well-known stubbornness of the Porte, it is not to ho expected that the rights con ferred upon Greece at the Berlin Congress will be yielded without much pressure and even appeal to arms. Under tlicsa circum stances the following particulars of tho strength of Greece, published in a late issue of the 44 Ago," are not uninteresting TIic nominal peace footing of the Greek army was, in 1S7G, estimated at 14,001 men, and her navy consisted of fourteen vessels, in cluding one ironclad and six acrow steamers. Tn that year a hill was passed calling out 200,000 men, although it was well known it was impossible for the country to support such a foroo even for a few days. Any new levies it was felt cortain would not exceed 25,000 men. Another bill provided for the creation of a military fund by the appropria tion of 3,250,000f. per annum from stamp taxes to he expended in purchasing warlike stores. Although Greece, in deference to the wishes of the European powers, remained neutral during the Turco.Russinn war, sho made preparations for any emergencies that might arise. In June, 1S77, the result of resolutions adopted by a meeting of S000 persons was that a coalition Cabinet was formed to carry uu military preparations with energy and promptitude. Laws for tlio organisation of the military ami naval forces were soon after frainou ami acted upon. The strength of tho army was raised to 50,000 men, ami a position was taken up upon the frontier of her hereditary enemy. This, though not in itself a strong force as compared with the army of her adversary, may prove sufficient to cause embarrass ment to Turkey. Greece may not by force of arms be in a position to obtain the emniici- 1>ation of the Ilellonic provinces of Turkey, mfc she can occupy Thossaly, and probably bo able to take possession of and hold tho ter ritory accorded to her by tho congress. ladnciaron Cricket Cum.—1 The annual meeting of tlio Launccston Cricket Club was held on Friday evening at the Criterion , Hotel, Mr. G. T. Collins in tho chair. The report and balance sheet wore submitted ami adopted. From tlio report I cull the fob lowing as of general interest : — 4 'In conse quence of tho action your committee were compelled to take in regard to a inemlier of the S.T.C. Association, that body refused to send a team to play tho return North r. South match, which had previously been fixed to take place in April of the present year. This was a great disappointment to many, and to your committee particularly so; but they have tho satisfaction of knowing that they have upheld tho dignity of the club, and done wimt they can to pro test most strongly against overbearing and discourteous behaviour in cricketers, as well as that thoy have no blamo iu the cessation of the annual matches between tho two cuds of tiie island. Your com mittee hope nnd trust that the S.T.C.A. will wisely change their views, and semi a team up to the North at Christinas time to renew thoso long established games' Your committee desire to express tlio great satisfaction with which thoy have read the results of the matches played hy tho Com bined Australian Team iu tlio mother country, and tho more so, that our fellow- cricketer, George Bailey, has so brilliantly distinguished himsolf. Tasmania has reason to be promt of his success. Your committee have much pleasure in announcing that they have made arrangements for a match to ho played on the L.C.C. ground during the ensuing season between the English gentle men cloven and a team selected by the L.C.C. It is also confidently expected that matches will he played iu Launccston with teams from Victoria, Now South Wales, ami New Zealand." The chairman, in moving the adoption of tlia report, alluded to the difference between the northern and southern players, and stated that whilst visiting Hobart Town he, as a private individual, had " used his utmost ontleavors to smooth away the difficulties which had arisen. Ho believed that, as the result of his efforts, tho lmtchct would bo buried, and the matches between North and South resumed. Tho following gentlemen wero elected officers Patron, His Excel lency the Governor; vice-patron, Air. Adye Douglas ; president, Mr. G. T. Collins ; vice- prosidents, Dr. Aladdox. Alossrs. AY. H. westbrook, R. Green, jun., T. W. Thomas, C. Arthur, H. Dumarosq, Jos. Archer, hon. T. Reiboy, Captain Martin ; secretary, Air. Chas. Taylor ; treasurer, Mr. Hales; captain, Air. George Bailey ; committee, Dr. Maddox, ATessrs. J. Taylor, Nathan, J. Ferguson, F. Hobkirk, H. Rooke ; auditors, Alcsars. J Kcid, »f, Alartin.— Launccston Correspon dent. 4 AIork Talent.— Amongst tho passongors by tho s.b. Mangana, which arrived at Laun ccston yesterday from Arelbourne, woro Madame Carlotta Tasca, tho distinguished pianisto, and Mdllo. Rosalia Mcrtx, of whoso debut in opera in Melbourne wo noticed the v ictorinn papers spoke in high' terms. Thoy will probably give a aeries of concerts in this city, commencing iu a few days. Laiinceston Larwkinjhw. — The latest freak of tho local lords of tlio pave was tho visitation on Friday night to thoyard of Air. Edwards, monumental stone mason, George, street. A number of marblo and other descriptions of headstones woro either broken or defaced, and Mr, Edwards estimates hie loss at over £50. A Vigilance Committco was spoken of. in town on Saturday, tho pro moters intending to assist tho police in tho capture ''of tho depredators, — Launccston . Correspondent. D'Ahcy Read's Ghost.—' Them was a good attendance at this spectroscopic enter- tainmcut on Saturday afternoon, tho girls of the Orphan Asylum being amongst -thoso present. ghosts acquitted themselves .in their usual successful manner, eliciting ' heurty rounds of laughter from tlio jqvenUes, Sui'RKMr. Court. — Tim Supreme Court, .in iU £50 Jurisdiction, will sit this morning, at 10 o'clock, beforo His Honor the Chief Justice. The following is the cause fist :— 1\. ltaycs v. Connors, use and occupation, £32. riaintilFs attorneys, Dol>3mi and Mitchell; defendant's attorney, U. 1'. Frod- sham. 2. Burgess v. Morgan, broach of contract, £50. I'laintilPa attorney, U. H. Crisp; defendant's attorneys, Gill and Ball. 3\. Kowutrcc v. Webb, work done, etc., £14. LMaintill's attorneys, Gill and Hall; defend ant's attorneys, Dobson and Mitchell. 4. Aiillliouso v. Conway, possession of a house, £10. I'luintiirs attorney, K Frodsham ; defendant in poraon. 5. Day v. Skullcy, conversion, £21 10s. Plaintiffs attorney, C. I.\ Frodsham; dufeiulaut's attorney, A.I. Clark. 0. Williams v. Mailing, money paid, £14 10s. Plaintiffs 'attorney, C. P. Frod sham ; defendant's attorneys, -Dobson and Mitchell. 7. Kinshott v. Williams, money payable, £33 18s. Od. Plain Lid's attorney, C. P. Frodsham ; defendant's attorney, D. H. Crisp. A Risky Trip in the Straits. — Air. G. Johnston, of Preservation Island, left tliero on Saturday last (says the 44 Chronicle") in a throo-ton Straits' boat to come up to town for his family. He ontcred the Tamar Hoads on Monday. He was quite alone, and had to "hand, roof, and steer, and tlio helm keep clear," without assistance. The sea was high, and occasionally the wiud rose higher than was agreeable, so that the cap tain and orew — embodied in tho person of Air. Johnston— had to stand steadily at work for tlio greater portion of two days and two nights without relief. In rounding into the Tamar Heads he canio suddenly closo to a buoy without having previously noticed it, and there was a slight collision. On reaching George Town Cove ho beached the boat aim made a survey of her, when he was glad to find she had sustained no damagu. lie thon came on to Lnmtccston, and lie left with his family on Thursday to return hoinc to where lie is 44 monarch of all ho surveys," at Preservation island. Captain E. L. Crowthcr notifies that the Artillery aro to muster at the drill yard on Friday ovotnng next, at half-past 7 o'clock, to he inspected by Uciit.-Col. St. Hill. On the following afternoon there will bo a march out at 3,30 o'clock. Messrs. Roberts aud Co, will sell at thoir mart, at 11 a.m. to-day, 80 tons of hay, by order of Mr. HalUm, of O'Brien's Bridgo. Wc are requested to draw attention to the salo of grocer's slouk-iu-trado and household furniture, atso empty hogsheads, cart, saddle, etc., tho snlu by Messrs. Kobvrts ami Co., at their mart, at 10 o'clock sharp this morning, 