MELBOURNE. jTTrom our ovrn Correspondent.] Melbourne, June 10,1878. I have neglected you. for so long that I can not allow another steamer to leave without sending you. a few lines, which 'will have to briefly mention the leading items of a fort night's event. It is even now approaching that hour of the night when ghosts are sup posed to emerge from the other world and take their evening walk on this terrestrial earth, and so the sooner I plunge into my work the better, although I would fain linger on the brink, like many a one does this cold weather on feeing his morning bath. This reminds me of the weather, which for some time past has been fine and bracing, very cold and frosty in the mornings and evenings, and generally warm at noon. Some of our up-country friends are wanting rain, but we Melbournites -would prefer to see the fine weather continue. Our friend the Age has a great down on colonial knights. Speaking of the last batch of creatures of this kind it says :—" Knights, like baker's bread, appear to "be turned out in batches. The last batch has just come to hand, eight, and a prelate of the order. If things go on at this rate the only distiction. worth having will be that of being a plain esquire. "What with merchant knights and squatter knights, Speakers, Presidents, and even Governors, all knights, the meanest man amongst us -will soon be able to rub shoulders with some specimen of this young nobility. Mrs. Jones, the greengrocer, will be able to cut out the butcher by astonishing her select circle with the presence of a knight of St. Michael and St. George at one of her "at homes," or at a lawn party at her cottage in the aristocratic neighborhood of South Yarra." The resignation of Mr. Farrell, member for Castlemaine, was announced during the period I am writing about. Mr. Farrell occu pied the position of Government whip, and the knowing ones prophesy that a good billet is on the way to him. To fill the vacancy no less than three candidates appeared. Pro fessor Pearson in the Government interest, and with their support, Mr. W. Gaunson, also as a ministerialist, but without official re cognition, and Mr. Chapman, a man of great local influence as an (if elected) independent member. Mr. Gaunson's candidature was not expected, as he has been repeatedly de feated. It may be well to note that he is the brother of our Gaunson who in Parliament has caused so many scenes. Surely one Gaun eon is infliction enough for any community to bear. I must again quote the Age relative to this matter : — " The retirement of Mr. Farrell from the re presentation of Castleniaine throws upon that important constituency the responsibility of selecting a representative in his place. We suppose that we cannot very well pretend not j to have seen that the irrepressible Mr. Wil I liam Gaunson has announced himself as a J candidate in the .Liberal interest; but as a matter of course, no full-grown Liberal elec tor will regard his candidature as anything else but a standing joke. Everybody has had a laugh over the comical pertinacity of Mon sieur Ton son in the farce, and Mr. "William Gaunson is the Monsieur Tonson of the political stage in Victoria. No platform is | safe from him. He is always turning up where he is not wanted, and we may look for as regularly as we look for a goose at Michael mas. Defeat does not daunt him, and he has in a remarkable degree the exceedingly service able quality of not knowing when his company is a nuisance. Except that he is the brother of Mr. David Gaunson, and the brother-in-law of Mr. James Macpherson Grant, no human being has ever heard that be possesses any qualifications for political life, unless it is that he has so far successfully resisted all at tempts to keep him in his nursary." The real contest lay between Professor Pear- | son and Mr. Chapman, and the election placed the former at the head of the poll by some hundreds of votes. This is another victory for the Ministry, and will tend to strengthen their hands. And I think the country may be congratulated on the result of the election, for the more men we have in Parliament with the ability and knowledge of the Professor the better for all. The Argus, however, thinks to the contrary. The difficulty mentioned in my last as to the unemployed seems to increase. As fast as one batch is provided for a larger one, like Micawber, springs into existence waiting for something to turn up. Various works have been undertaken in order to meet the difficulty, but still there are apparently hundreds with out employment. My own impression is that a great deal of this clamour is really without foundation. If men will wait for work to come to them instead of seeking it, what wonder that it does not always come. I know for a positive fact that in various parts of the country men are scarce and would be readily employed j and the Age asserts that large employers of labour in the city ai'e com plaining that they cannot get workmen in consequence of the action of the Government in providing work for so many. Which side j to believe is a hard matter to decide, but I j thiuk that in a colony like Victoria any man ! seeking for and willing to work can find it. J But a lot of these men would prefer half work in the city to a week's work in the bush, and for these mem I for one feel no pity. A kind of circular has been pretty freely dis tributed round the country lately showing that the Chief Secretary, and his family are drawing over £3,000 annually from the Go vernment funds, and contrasting this with ■ the state of the unemployed. The inueudo is clear. It is intended to convey the im pression that Mr. Beriy lias taken care of his nest-, but the sting of the canard is exploded when we find that most of the Berry family were in possession of their situations long be fore Mr. Berry himself came into power. Rumours of a split in the Cabinet are very frequent, and the Telegraph. of to- day assent that in consequence of the action of Mr. Woods in reducing the pay of the rail way hands a deputation waited upon Mr. Berry, who promised authoritatively that Mr. Woods' regulatioh should be rescinded. It also asserts that the resignation of Mr. Woods was demanded by Lis colleagues, but that gentleman couldn't quite see it and respectfully declined the polite request. Following upon the vacancy for Castle maine we had another, caused by the decease of the member for Gippsland, Dr. Macartney, whose death caused quite a sensation for the time being. The gentleman was for years given to drinking, and in the last bout a soothing medicine, chloral, was prescribed for him. While lying ill his wife called and insisted upon seeing him, obtained some money from him, and left the room, taking with her the bottle of medicine, which she asked one of the servants to destroy as she did think it was good for him. The deceased had for some time been separated from his wife with whom he did not agree, and had recently fi gured in the Divorce Court in a suit issued by her, which, however was dismissed. For merly a church of England minister,^ then a barrister, afterwards a planter in Fiji, and last of all a member of the Victorian Assembly. With plenty of brains and good abilities it seemB sad to think of hie ending. I dare hardly repeat what is said about the wife, but doubtless at the adjourned inquest wc shall hear more of the matter. However, to return to our subject. The decease of Dr. Macartney causing a vacancy in Parliament, the usual writs were issued and no less than six ministerialists and one opposition candi date are to the fore already, and amongst others the irrepressible Gaunson, who must certainly believe in the efficiency of impor tunity. Unless another candidate comes forward (brought out by ministers), I am inclined to think that the poll will be headed by Mr. D. Slattery, a well-known local man and a ministerialist in politics. At any rate, I would not give much for Mr. Gaun son's chance. Ministers have continued their up country career and, judging from the ovations vouchsafed to them by the various constituen cies, are as popular as ever. The infatuation is strange, but is nevertheless a fact. The Age has announced what I presume may be considered as the official programme for the next session of Parliament, and ac cording to that authority the only subject to be considered will be that of constitutional reform. A Bill will be introduced and passed through the Assembly embodying the Liberal ideas on the subject, and if rejected by the Council a plebiscitum of the whole colony will be then taken. Should 'this result in favor ox the Government scheme, the matter is to be referred to the Home Government, and for the better advocacy of it Commis sioners from here will be sent, of whom it is said Mr. Berry will be chief. As to what the Government schema of reform is we are left quite in the dark, and are to continue so until Parliament meets, which I do not consider at all fair. Public opinion would have some chance of forming were the details of the scheme known, but it is quite evident bj the action of the Government that it is intended to carry the matter through by a second coup d' etat. In the meantime the controversy re specting TTis Excellency the Governor goes on, and by the mail a petition to Her Majesty goes home, setting forth Her representative's con duct, and the Argus, in its leading article of its monthly summary, puts the case against Sir G-. Bowen as strongly as possible. These documents and leading articles cannot be pleasant reading for His Excellency, but he doubtless will be able to defend his action to the satisfaction of his superiors. Let ns now dismiss political matters and turn to others. Melbourne was completely paralyzed on Sunday, the 2nd, by the receipt of news in timating that the wreck of a large vessel had taken place on the coast. Unfortunately the intelligence proved only too true. The un fortunate vessel, the Loch Ard, had gone on to the reefs and foundered, losing every soul, save two, on board. You will doubtless ere this have published the details of the harrow ing event, and so I need not enter into par ticulars. It seems dreadful to think of. Just at the end of the voyag e, when all were antici pating the joyous meeting with their friends on the morrow, when every heart beat high with expectation, death met them unawares. At dead of night while all the passengers were sleeping the dread event came. Rush in" about in their sleeping costume they went to°their watery graves, within a few yards of land. Only two out of over fifty remain to tell the story, and it is owing to the intrepid bravery of one that there are two left. The one nlliidAfi to is a lad named Pearce, a son of Captain Pearce, (who went down with the Gothenburg), and who after reaching the laud himself after a severe struggle saw a lady clinging to a spar, and thinking nothing of his own danger rushed in and dragged her to land with his teeth. 2fo praise is too great to bestow on the youthful hero, and I only echo the general feeling when I say I hope they will ere long be united as man and wife. The painful event, however, has its lesson, and that is that all ships should be provided with sufficient life-saving apparatus for all on board, such as life belts, buoys, air-jackets, &c.; Had these things been provided on the Loch Ard nearly all, if not all, would have been saved, as the wash of the sea would have carried them on shore. There is only one redeeming feature. The wreck was not caused bv any negligence on the part o£ the captain, but is* solely attributable to the thick weat her, the impossibility of getting an observation for days, and the deviation of the compass. The captain in the hour of danger behaved him self manfully, and his last words were, " Tell | y ^yifc f died like a sailor, and soon niter ! he* and his ship sank beneath the turbulent i waves. The frequent wrecks of iron vessels makes me doubt whether in substituting iron "for wood shipowners have done a good thing. In the present instance had the Loch Ai'd°been a sound wooden vessel she would have thumped about 011 the reef for hours before filling, and doubtless all hands might have got ashore safely; but being built of iron the first knock is enough, and down the ship goes instantaneously. Commend me to the old wooden vessels. If I were going home to the old eouutry I would sooner take my chance in a 500-ion wooden brig than in the finest iron clipper that comes here. T\ e had no sooner heard of this wreck than another was reported. The steamer Blackbird from Newcastle became a total wreck, and had to be abandoned, but luckily no liic was lost. One cannot help contrasting the different conduct of the two commanders. The cap tain of the Loeh Ard was content to go down with his ship, whilst the captain of the Black bird was the first to leave his vessel. 