? chubch... She!! Protestant ^Episcopal Cbnxchyin this'cou'ntryi; writes tfa : XJatfolie;Bevuw offiBrooklyn.'is <iii father- abad plight.; It*wants a ^th&-Jrdecidedly<J.'jav most' uncommon want," as Byron puts it. It is- holding its triennial convention jus now, and though the Protestant Episcopal Church dates from—but where does, or rather, where does not, the Protestant Episcopal Church date from ? —any time, let us say—it has just come to the discovery that it has no name. Now this is certainly an awkward position, even for the Protestant Episcopal Church, which of all Churches is certainly the most peculiar, being at once the broadest and the narrowest, the most" orthodox" and the most "liberal," the most pretentious in doctrine and ritual, the most free and easy in fact; in a word, a very omnium gatherum, a caviare of religion or teligions. What is an ordinary man to say of a Church that does not know its own name ? To the question, " Who are you ?" the only answer is, "You must really excuse us, but we don't know. At least we have not determined yet. The question, you see, is at present before the board." " Are you the Church Catholic ?" " Most decidedly we are." " Are you Protestants ?" "Most decidedly not," says one. "Most decidedly yes," says another. " That is just the puzzle—just what we are going to determine," says a third. " It is certainly awkward. We are not Anglicans, Anglicanism being the Church established by law in England, and what have we, free Americans, to do with England or its law? Queen Victoria, according to that law, is supreme head of the Anglican Church; and Queen Victoria is to us a very worthy or a very unworthy old woman, as may be, but has no more to do with us and our Church than the man in the moon. The name Protestant, affixed to us at the beginning and acknowledged by us up to the resent, was a fatal mistake. Protestants we are not. We are of the Church of the Early Fathers, via Henry VIII., Elizabeth, etc. We are a branch of the Roman Catholic. Church, repudiating and renouncing, of course, the errors and abominations of Rome, and the absurd pretensions of the Pope, particularly of the present wearer of the tiara." " But if 'you are only a branch of the Roman Catholic Church, that Church is then, according to you, right?" "Oh, dear, no; we cannot concede that." " It is then wrong ?" " Well, not altogether." " Is it right or wrong ? It cannot be oth." " It is both." " But did not Christ promise that the gates of hell should never prevail against His Church, that the Holy Ghost should teach her all truth, and that Christ Himself would abide with her forever, just to prevent her going wrong ? Do you believe this ?" " Yes, of course. But you must distinguish between the Church and the members of the Church. The Church does not teach error, though its members may both teach and pursue error." "So that there is no guarantee after all, in this world at least, against the teaching of error] For the Church is surely composed of its members; and though it, in the abstract, is free from error, in the co ncrete it is quite open to error P" " Well, yes." " Practically, then, the solemn promise of Christ don't amount to much ?" " I would not say that." " Take the Roman Catholic Church, of which you claim to be a branch, or which claims to be a branch of you, as you please—it teaches truth admixed with error.?" " Yes." "Is there any hope of salvation for Roman Catholics then}" . " Of course there is, though it is not for us to say." . " Do you believe that Roman Catholic* will be saved "They may be." "And salvation is the one great end for which we ace to strive 2" "Yes."., .: / Salvation attained, all the reBt counts little ?" . ; ; j " Salvation is certainly the great end." ''Then, so far asthe great end goes, Catholics,.are just as well off as you re?" " It is charitable to think so." " But isit reasonable according to your theory to think.so ?" " Yes." 0. : . : " Then, why do not you become Roman Catholics ?" , '/.';: . "Becausethey follow a false teaching?" " And this false leaching, being folio wed,-lands them finallyin Heavenl]' ! 3jtot *o 5 tbetrnth that they hold, being followed;, will land .them there;^' ! "60 that- whether .they ifollow truth alone, or^tr atteand* falsehood-together, they are equally likely to arrive at their journey^ £nd,enjoy: <Jod,; and' Christ,' whose doctrine they 4i»*e inutilfctedand ia#Mtod<fr .twt&nto.jodt; l-tm I &Q; 4PMVMR,-V 0C3 f::i'. " This. we submit, is a practical manner of viewing what is really a most important subject. The Protestant Episcopal Church, like. the Anglican Church of which it is an offshoot, is open to ten thousand such contradictions as these. Why not look them squarely in the face, instead of fussing about a name < r Will the change of name alter the Church 1 Not a jot. But let some member of the Convention draw up a credo for his brethren, a credo really representing and embracing all the beliefs of the Protestant Episcopal Church, broad and narrow, high and low, and how many at the Convention would subscribe to it ? We venture to eay, not two. In fact, tbe Protestant Episcopal Creed boiled down and its essence extracted amounts to two articles: 1st article ; I believe in myself. 2nd article; I don't believe in myself. The third article, if there were a third, would probably be: I don't believe in the Pope. PROTESTANT ANTI-MASONIC MEETING. The tenth annual convention of the National Christian Association closed at Dayton, Ohio, on the 25th October, after a very successful session of two days. Two hundred and fifteen delegates, from nine Spates, and ten or more religious denominations, were present. The amount required to complete the fund for a publishing house fund, and secure the munificent donation of Philo Carpenter, of Chicago, of a fine building and a lot on Madison-street, was completed amid great rejoicing on the part of the delegates. The following resolutions express the sense of the convention : Whereas, The first majority constitution known on earth, written on ship-board off Cape Cod, Mass., was adopted "for the glory of Qod and the advancement of the Christian faith," and as that constitution, with the common laws of England, dating from the Christian Alfred the Great, were and are the germ of all true American prinsiples and institutions, therefore— Besolved, 1. That ours is a Christian and not a heathen country. Resolved, 2. That the secret lodges of this country are heathen by their omission of Christ, and alien by their foreign allegiance. Resolved, 3. That between these two systems neutrality is impossible, and indifference sin. Besolved, 4. That God requires and man needs a Sabbath as a day of worship and rest—a Christian teaching day, and general breakwater againet heathenism. Resolved, 5. For the sake of the above facts and principles we hail the tokens of Divine favour towards our National Christian Association, tbe Carpenter Building Fund, and the Cynosure, as the origina organ of the reform. Whereas, The United States Evangelical Alliance meets at Detroit, 30th October, to consider the anti-Christian forces at work in American Society: Resolved, That President H. H. George, Bishop Dickson, and President Fairchild, of Oberlin, or either of them, be and hereby are appointed to lay our resolutions and present proceedings respectfully before that body, and ask their special attention to the same. Two hundred seceding Masons were reported, and a resolution to secure the names of others adopted. GEORGE FRANCIS TRAIN. She, New York correspondent of the Catholic Union Bays of a gentleman not unknown in Victoria, and whoseabsenceat this juncture. Mr. Berry must regret:— "You know George Francis Train. Of course you have heard of the Train who ran for the presidency of the United States in '72. Everybody has heard of him, but his true history has never been told. If you walk with me over to Madison Square, I will introduce him to you. No, I can only point him out to you, for he never speaks any more to a person over fourteen years of age. However, I notice that he occasionally gets deceived in the age of young ladies, and speaks to those who are two or three years beyond the standard. This eccentricity began two or three years ago, since which he has occupied a bench under one of the trees in Madison Square almost constantly. He appears at his seat, both summer and winter, wet or cold, at precisely six o'clock in the morning, and never leaves it before ten o'clock at night. In dress, except when-mussed by rain or snow, he is a picture of neatness. A two thousand dollar cluster sparkleB from hiB bosom, and a four hundred dollar watch, hung to bis Vest by a two hundred dollar chain, keeps for him the time of day. He owns a fifty thousand dollar residence in Madison avenue, a f«w rods away, the inside of which lie bjas not seen for three years. In its place he rents a fourth story hall bed-: <rpom to -a housein Fourth-«treet, near Second avenue, paying thereore two dblTarsa week,the money bdng haiided to^a ten-yearold sbnof the landlord' §vety Sunday morning. Except in.&case;T>f a severe storih, lie mvariabfrtake&th;& blankets from Ms- beds and ascending through the scuttle, sleeps on the roof. His landlord stated to me that during the pust year, Train had not missed above forty nights from his roof. Even the coldest nights of last winter found him there. He never wears any covering to his head and allows himself but one regular meal a day, which he takes at balf-past five in the morning at a coffee house on Third avenue, opposite Cooper institute. He enters the park in the morning with every pocket crammed with candies, fried cakes and crullers. In a paper bag he parcels out to tbe children and the birds during the day. The birds partake first of his bounty in the morning.^ They have become so accustomed to his hospitality that the ground about his seat will be covered with them the moment he arrives. They will alight "on his head, shoulders, and eat from his hand, a dozen at a time. Tbe children begin to gather around him at seven o'clock, they are treated with less generosity than the birds, his bag and pockets being of less capacity than their stomachs. Neither the children nor the sparrows seem to think Mr. Train insane. Everybody else about New York does, but a committee of doctors have pronounced him harmless. I think him insane, and the cause I attribute to an excessive and disappointed desire for popularity and fame." ^ 