LITERATURE The Storyteller. Macleod of Dare.* CHAPTER XVIII. CONFIDENCES. BY WILLIAM BLACK, AUTHOR OF "THE PRINCESS OF THULE," ETC. FOR a second or two he held the letter in his hand, regarding the outside of it; and it was with more deliberation than haste that he opened it. Perhaps it was with some little tremor of fear—lest the first words that should meet his eye might be cruelly cold and distant. What right had he to expect anything else! Many a time, in thinking carefully over the past, he bad recalled the words—the very tone—in which he had addressed her, and had been dismayed to think of their reserve, which had on one or two occasions almost amounted to austerity. He could expect little beyond a formal acknowledg ment of the receiving of his letter and the present that had accompanied it. Imagine, then, his surprise when he took out from the envelope a number of sheets closely written over in her beautiful, small, neat hand. Hastily his eye ran over the first few lines ; and then surprise gave way to a singular feeling of gratitude and joy. Was it indeed she who was writing to him thus ? When he had been thinking of her as some one far away and unap proachable—who could have no thought of him or of the too brief time in which he had been near to her—had she indeed been treasuring up some recollection that she now seemed disposed to value ? " You will guess that I am woman enough,'* she wrote, "to be greatly pleased and nattered by your Bending me such a beautiful present; but you must believe me when I say that its chief value to me was its showing me that I had another friend in the world who was not dis posed to forget me the next day after bidding me good- bye. Perhaps you will say that lam cynioal: but actresses are accustomed to find the friendships they make—outside the sphere of their own profession—of a singularly tempo-, rary character. We are praised and flattered to-day, and forgotten to-morrow. I don't complain. It is only natural. People go away to their own families and home-occupations;; why should they remember a person who has amused them for an hour!" Mi»» Gertrude White could, when she chose, write a clever and interesting letters-interesting from its very simplicity and frankness; and as Macleod read on and on he ceased to feel any wonder that this young lady should be placing before him such ample revelations of her ex periences and opinions. Indeed, it' was more than suggested in this) confidential, chat that Sir Keith Maoleod himself had been the first cause of her having carefully studied her own position and the influence likely to be exerted on her by her present mode of life. " One meets with the harsher realities of an actress' life," she said, "in the provinces. It is all very fine in London ; when all the friends you happen to have are in town, and where there is constant amusement, and pleasant parties, and nice people to meet; and then you have the comforts of your own home around you, and quiet and happy Sundays. But a provincial tour I—the constant travelling, and rehearsals with strange people, and damp lodgings, and miserable hotels, and wet Sundays in smoky towns! Papa is very good and kind, you know; but he is interested in his books, and he goes about all day hunting after curiosities, and one has not a soul to speak to. Then the audiences: I have witnessed one or two scenes lately that would unnerve anyone ; and of course I have to stand helpless and silent on the stage until the tumult is stilled and the original offenders ex pelled. Some sailors the other evening amused themselves by clambering down from the top gallery to the pit, hanging on to the gas- brackets and the pillars ; and one of them managed to reach the orchestra, jump from the drum on to the stage, and then offered me a glass of whisky from a big black bottle he had in his hand. When I told papa he laughed, and said I should be proud of my triumph over the man's imagina tion. But when the people roared with laughter at my discomfiture I felt as though I would rather be earning my bread by selling water cresses in the street or by stitching in a garret." Of course the cry of the poor injured soul found a ready echo in his heart. It was monstrous that she Bhould be subjected to such indignities. And then that cruel old pagan of a father—was he not ashamed of himself to see the results of his own cold-blooded theories ? Was this the glory of art? Was thio the reward of the sacrifice of a life ? That a sensitive girl should be pub licly insulted by a tipsy maniac, and jeered at by a brutal crowd ? Macleod laid down the letter for a minute or two; and the look on his face was not lovely to Bee. " You may think it strange that I should write thus to you," Bhe said, " but if I say that it was yourself who first set me thinking about such things ? And since I have been thinking about them I have had no human being near me to whom I could speak. You know papa's opinions. Even if my dearest friend, Mrs. Robs, were here, what would she Bay ? She has known me only in London. She thinks it a fine thing to be a popular actress. She sees people ready to pet me in a way—bo long as society is pleased to have a little curiosity about me. But she does not Bee the other side of'the picture. She does not even ask how long all this will last. She never thinks of the cares and troubles and downright hard work. If ever you heard me sing, you will know that I have very little of a voice, and that not worth much ; but, trifling as it is, you would scarcely believe the care and cultivation I have to Bpend on it merely for business purposes. Mrs. Ross uo doubt Bees that it is pleasant enough for a young actress, who is fortunate enough to have won some public favor, to go sailing in a * The right of ruimblishing "Macloal of Dare ' in Queensland luu beoii purchased by the proprietor! of Tht Queenslamler. ysjoht on the Thames, on a nunmer day, with nice companions around her. She does not see her on a wet day in Newcastle, practising scales for an hour at a stretch, though her throat is half choked with the fog, in a dismal parlor with a piano out of tune, and with the prospect of having to go out through the wet to a rehearsal in a damp and draughty theatre, with escaped gas added to the fog. That is very nice, isn't it!" It almost seemed to him—so intense and eager was his involuntary sympathy—as though he himself were breathing fog, and gas, and the foul odors of an empty theatre. He went to the window and threw it open, and sat down there. The stars were no longer quivering white on the black surface of the water, for the moon had risen now in the south, and there was a soft glow all shining over the smooth Atlantic. Sharp and white was the light on the stone walls of Castle Dan, and on the gravelled path, and the rooks, and the trees around; but far away it was a milder radianoe that lay over the sea and touched here and there the shores of Inch Kenneth and Ulva and Colonsay. It was a fair and peaceful night, with no pound of human unrest to break the sleep of the world. Sleep, solemn and pro found, dwelt over the lonely islands—over btaffa, with her resounding caves, and Fladda with her desolate rocks, and lona, with her fairy-white sands, and the distant Dutchman, and Coll, and Tiree, all haunted by the wild sea birds' cry; and a sleep as deep dwelt over the silent hills, far up under the cold light of the skies. Surely if any poor suffering heart was vexed by the contentions of crowded cities, here, if anywhere in the world, might rest, and peace, and loving solace be found. He sat dreaming there; he had half forgotten the letter. He roused himself from his reverie; and re* turned to the light. 44 And yet I would not complain of mere dis oomfort," she oontinued, "if that were aIL People who have to work for their living must not be too particular. What pains me most of all is the effect that thia sort of work is having on myself. You would not believe—and I am almost ashamed to confess—how I am worried by small and mean jealousies and anxieties, and how' I am tortured by the expression of opinions which all the same I hold in contempt. I reason with myself to no purpose. It ought to be no oonoern of mine if some girl in a burlesque makes the house roar by the manner in which she walks up and down the stage, smoking a cigar; and yet I feel angry at the audienoe for applauding such stuff, and I wince when I see her praised in the papers. Oh I these papers. I have been making minute enquiries of late ; and I find that the usual way in these towns is to let the young literary aspirant who has just joined the office, or the clever compositor who has been promoted to the sub-editor's room, try his hand first of all at reviewing books, and then turn him on to dramatic and musical criticism! Oc casionally a reporter^ who has been round the police courts to get notes of the night charges, will drop into the theatre on his way to the office, and 'do a par/ as they call it Will you believe it possible that the things written of me by these persons—with their pretentious airs of criticism, and their gross ignorance cropping up at every point—have the power to vex and annoy me most terribly? I laugh at the time ; but the phrase rankles in my memory all the same. One learned young man said of me the other day,' It is really distressing to mark the want of unity in her artistic characterisations when one regards the natural advantages that nature has heaped upon her with no sparing hand.' The natural advan tages that nature has heaped upon me! 'And perhaps, also,' he went on to say, ' Miss White would do well to pay some little more attention before venturing on pronouncing the claario names of Greece. Iphigenia herself would not have answered to her name if she had heard it pronounced with the aooent on the fourth syllable."' Macleod brought his fist down on the table with a bang. "If I had that fellow," said he aloud, "if I had that fellow—l should like to spin for a shark off DubhArtach lighthouse"—and here a most unholy vision rose before him of a new sort of sport—a sailing launch going about six knots an hour—a goodly rope at the stern with a huge hook through the gill of the lucklesss critic—a swivel to make him spin—and then a few smart trips up and down by the side of the lonely Dubh Artach rocks, where Mr. Swing and his companions occasionally find a few sharks coming up to the surface to stare at them. "Is it not too ridiculous that such things should vex me—that I should be so absolutely at the mercy of the opinion of people whose judgment I know to be absolutely valueless! I find the same thing all around me. I find a middle-aged man, who knows his work thoroughly, and has seen all the best actors of the past quarter of A century, will go about quite proudly with a scrap of approval from some newspaper, written by a young man who has never travelled beyond the suburbs of his native town and has seen no acting beyond that of the local company. But there is another sort of critic—the veteran— the man who has worked hard on the paper and worn himself out—and who is turned off from politics and pensioned by being allowed to display his imbecility in less important matters. Oh dear, what lessons he reads yout The solemnity of them! Don't you know that at the end of the second act the business of Mrs. So-and-So(some actress who died when Gerge IV. was king) was this, that, or the other?—and how dare you, you impertinent minx, fly in the face of well-known stage traditions ? I have been introduced lately to a specimen of both classes, I think the young man —he had beautiful long fair hair and a Byronic collar, and was a little nervous—fell in love with me, for he wrote a furious panegyric of me, and sent it next morning with a bouquet, and begged for my photograph. The elderly gentleman, on the other hand, gave me a great deal of good advice, but 1 Bubdued even him, for before he went away he Bpoke in a broken voice, and there were tears in bis eyea—which papa said were owing to a variety of causes. It is ludicrous enough, uo doubt; but it is also a little bit humiliating. I try to laugh the thing away, whether the opinion expressed about me is solemnly stupid or merely impertinent, but the vexation of it remains, and the chief vexation to me is that I should have so little command of myself, bo little respect for myself, as to suffer myself to be vexed. But how can one help it f Public opinion is the very breath and life of a theatre and |of everyone connected with it; and you come to attach importance to the most foolish expression of opinion in the most obscure print. "And so, my dear friend, I have had my grumble out—and made my confession too, for I should not like to let everyone know how foolish I am about these petty vexations—and you will see that I have not forgotten what you said to me, and that further reflection and experience have only confirmed it But I must warn you. Now that I have victimised you to this fearful extent, and liberated my mind, I feel much more comfortable. As I write there is a blue color coming into the windows that tells me the new day is coming. Would it surprise you if the new day brought a complete sew set of feelings ! I nave begun to doubt whether I have got any opinions—whether, having to be so many different people in the course of a week, I have any clear notion as to what I niyßelf am. One thing is certain, that I have been greatly vexed and worried of late by a succession of the merest trifles; and when I got your kind letter and present this evening I suddenly thought—Now for a complete confession and protest. I know you will forgive me for having victimised you ; and that) as soon as you have thrown this rambling epistle into the fire, you will try to forget all the nonsense it contains, and will believe that I hope always to remain " Your friend, " Gertrude White." His quick and warm Bympathy refused to believe the half of this letter. It was only because she knew what was owing to the honor and self-respect of a true woman that she spoke in this tone of bitter and scornful appreciation of herself. Jt was dear that she was longing for the dignity and independence of a more natural way of life. And this revelation—that she was not after all banished for ever into that cold region of art in which her father would fain keep her—somewhat bewildered him at first. The victim might be reclaimed from the altar and restored to the sphere of simple human affections, natural duties, and joy! And if he ? Suddenly, and with a shock of delight that made his heart throb, he tried to picture this beautiful fair creature sitting over there in that very chair, by the side of the fire, her head bent down over her sewing, the warm light of the lamp touching the tender curve of her cheek. And when she lifted her head to speak to him— and when her large and lambent eyes met his— surely Fionaghal the fair poetesß from strange lands never spoke in Bofter tones than this other beautiful stranger, who was now his wife and his heart's oompanion. And now he would bid her lay aside her work; and he would get a white shawl for her; and like a ghost she would steal out with him into the moonlight air. And is there enough wind on this summer night to take them out from the sombre shore te the open plain of the sea ? Look now, as the land recedes, at the high walls of Castle Dare, over the black diflfc, and against the stars. Far away they see the graveyard of Inoh Kenneth, the stones pale in the moonlight And what song will she sing now, that Ulva and Colonsay may awake and fancy that some mermaiden is singing to bewail her lost lover ? The night is sad—and the song is sad—and then, somehow, he finds himself alone in this waste of water —and all the shores of the islands are silent and devoid of life— and there is only the echo of the sad singing in his ears He jumps to his feet; for there is a knocking at the door. The gentle cousin Janet enters; and hastily he thrusts that letter into his pocket, while his face blushes hotly. "When have you been, Keith?" she says, in her quiet, kindly way. " Auntie would like to ■ay good-night to you now." "I will come directly," said he. "And now that Norman Ogilvie is away, Keith," said she, " you will take more rest about the shooting, for you have not been looking like yourself at all lately; and you know, Keith, when you are not well and happy it is no one at all about Dare that is happy either. And that is why you will take care of yourself." He glanced at her rather uneasily; but he said in a light and careless way— "Oh, I have been well enough, Janet, except that I waa not sleeping well one or two nights. And if you look after me like that you will make me think I am a baby, and you will send me Bdme warm flannels when I go up on the hills." "It is too proud of your hardihood you are, Keith," said his cousin, with a smile. "But there never was a man of your family who would take any advice." "I would take any advice from you, Janet," said he; and therewith he followed her to bid good-night to the Bilver-haired mother. Chapter XIX. A RESOLVE. Hjb slept but little that night; and early the next morning he was up and out and away by himself—paying but little heed to tho rushing blue seas, and the white gulls, and the sunshine touching the far sands on the shores of lona. He was in a fever of unrest. He knew not what to make of that letter; it might mean anything or nothing. Alternations of wild hopes and cold despair succeeded each other. Surely it was un usual for a girl so to reveal her innermost confi dences to anyone whom she considered a stranger ? To him alone had she told this story of her private troubles. Was it not in effect asking for a sympathy which Bhe could not hope for from any other ? Waa it not establishing a certain secret betwen them ? Her own father did not know. Her sister was too young to be told. Friends like Mrs. Ross could not understand why this young and beautiful actress, the favorite of the public, could be dissatisfied with her lot It was to him alone she had appealed. And then again he read the letter. The very frankness of it made him fear. There was none of the BhyaeßS of a girl writing to one who might be her lover. She might have written thus to one of her school companions. He eagerly Bearched it for some phrase of tenderer meauiug ; but no—there was a caroless abandonment about it, as if Bhe had been talking without thinking of the person Bhe addressed. She had even joked about a young man falling in lovo with her. It waa a matter of perfect indifference to her. It waa ludicrous as the shape of the lad's collar was ludicrous—but of no more importance. And thus Bhe receded from his imagination again ; and became a thing apart—the white slave bound in those cruel chains that seemed to all but herself and him the badges of triumph. Herself and him—the conjunction set his heart throbbing quickly. He eagerly bethought himself how this secret understanding could be strengthened if only he might see her and speak to her. He could tell by her eyes what she meant, whatever her words might be. If only he could see her again;—all his wild hopes, and fears, and doubts—all bis vague fancies and imaginings—began to narrow themselves down to this one point; and this immediate desire became all-consuming. He grew aick at heart when he looked round and considered how vain was the wish. The gladness had gone from the face of Keith Hacleod. Not many months before anyone would have imagined that the life of this handsome young fellow, whose strength and courage and high spirits seemed to render him insensible to any obstacle, had everything in it that the mind of man could desire. He had a hundred interests and activities; be had youth and health and a comely presence ; he waa on good terms with everybody around him—for he had a smile and a cheerful word for each one he met, gentle or simple. All this gay, glad, life seemed to have fled. The watchful Hamish was the first to notice that his master began to take less and less interest in the shooting and boating and fishing ; and at times the old man was surprised and dis turbed by an exhibition of querulous impatience that had certainly never before been one of Mac leod'e failings. Then his cousin Janet saw that he was silent and absorbed; and his mother en quired one© or twice why he did not ask one or other of his neighbors to come over to Dare to have a day's shooting with him. "I think you are finding the place lonely, Keith, now that Norman Ogilvie is gone," said she. "Ah, mother," he said, with a laugh, "it is not Norman Ogilvie, it is London, that has poisoned my mind. I should never have gone to the south. lam hungering for the flesh-pots of Egypt already; and I am afraid some day I will have to come and ask you to let me go away again." He spoke jestingly, and yet he was regarding his mother. " I know it is not pleasant for a young man to be kept fretting at home," said she. " But it is not long now I will ask you to do that, Keith." Of course thiß brief speech only drove him into more vigorous demonstration that he was not fretting at all; and for a time he seemed more engrossed than ever in all the occupations he had but recently abandoned. But whether he was on the hill-side, or down in the glen, or out among the islands—or whether he was trying to satisfy the hunger of his heart with books, long after everyone in Castle Dare had gone to bed—he could not escape from this gnawing and torturing anxiety. It was no beautiful and gentle senti ment that possessed him—a pretty thing to dream about during a summer's morning—but, on the contrary, a burning fever of unrest that left him peace neither day nor night. " Sudden love is followed by sudden hate," says the Oaelio proverb; but there had been no suddenness at all about this passion that had stealthily got hold of him ; and he had ceased even to hope that it might abate or depart altogether. He had to "dree his weird." And when he read in books about the joy and delight that accompany the awakening of love—how the world suddenly becomes fair, and the very skies are bluer than their wont —he wondered whether he was different from other human beings. The joy and delight of love ? He knew only a sick hunger of the heart and a continual and brooding despair. One morning he waa going along the cliffs, his only companion being the old black retriever, when suddenly he saw, far away below him, the figure of a lady. For a second his heart Btood still at the sight of this stranger; for he knew it waa neither the mother nor Janet; and she was coming along a bit of greensward from which, by dint of much climbing, she might have reached Castle Dare. But as he watched her he caught sight of some other figures further below on the rocks. And then he perceived— as he Baw her return with a handful of bell heather—that this party had come from lona, or Bunesean, or some such place, to explore one of the great caves on this coast, while this lady had wandered away from them in search of some wild-flowers. By-and-by he saw the small boat, with its sprit- Bail white in the bud, go away to the south, and the lonely coast was left as lonely as before. But ever after that he grew to wonder what Gertrude White, if ever she could be persuaded to visit his home, would think of this thing and of that thing—what flowers she would gather— whether she would listen to Hannah's stories of the fairies—whether she would be interested in her small countryman, Johnny Wickes, who was now in kilts, with his face and legs as brown as a berry—whether the favorable heavens would send her sunlight and blue skies, and the moon light nights reveal to her the solemn glory of the sea and the lonely islands. Would she take his haud to steady herself in passing over the slippery rocks ? What would Bhe say if suddenly Bhe saw above her—by the openiog of a cloud—a stag standing high on a crag near the summit of Ben-an-Sloich ? And what would the mother and Janet Bay to that singing of hers, if they were to hear her put all the tenderness of the low sweet voice into " Wae's me for Prince Charlie ?" There was one secret nook that more than any other he associated with her presence ; and thither he would go when thid heart-sickness Beemed too grievous to be borne. It waR down in a glen beyond the fir-wood; an<l here the ordinary desolation of the bleak coast ceased, for there were plenty of youug larches on the sides of the gleu, with a tall Bilver lurch or two; while down iv the hollow there were clumps of alders by the side of the brawling stream. A.id this dell that he sought was hiddeu away from pii/ht, with the Bun but partially breaki'i^ throupli tin? alders aud royuuc, and benpeckliug the tcivat gray boulders by the side of tho burn ; many of which were covored by tho softest of olive-green, moss. Here, too, the brook that had beuu broken juat above by intercepting stoueu swept clearly and limpidly over a bed of smooth rock; and in the golden-brown water the trout lay, and scarcely moved until some motion of his hand made them shoot up stream with a lightning-speed. And then the wild-flowers around—the purple ling and red bell-heather growing on the silver-gray rocks; a foxglove or two towering high above the golden-green breckans; the red star of a crane's bill among the velvet moss. Even if she were overawed by the solitariness of the Atlantic and the gloom of the tall cliffs and their yawning caves, surely here would be a haven of peace and rest, with sunshine, and flowers, and the pleasant murmur of the stream. What did it say, then, as one Bat and listened in the Bilence ? When the fair poetess from strange lands came among the Macleods, did she seek out this still retreat, and listen, and listen, and listen until she caught the music of this monotonous murmur and Bang it to her harp ? And was it not all a song about the passing away of life; and how that summer days were for the young ; and how the world was beautiful for lovers ? "Oh, children!" it seemed to say, " why should you waste your lives in vain endeavor, while the winter .is coming quick, and the black snow-storms, and a roaring of wind from the sea ? Here I have flowers for you, and beautiful sunlight, and the peace of summer days. Time passes—time passes—time passes— and you are growing old. While as yet the heart is warm and the eye is bright, here are summer flowers for you, and a silence fit for the mingling of lovers' speech. If you listen not I laugh at you and go my way. But the winter is coming fast." Far away in these grimy towns, fighting with mean cares and petty jealousies, dissatisfied, despondent, careless as to the future, bow could this message reach her to fill her heart with the singing of a bird ? He dared not send it, at all events. But he wrote to her. And the bitter travail of the writing of that letter he long re membered. He was bound to give her his sym pathy, and to make light as well as he could of those very evils which he had been the first to reveal to her. He tried to write in as frank and friendly a spirit as she had done ; the letter was quite cheerful. "Didyou know," said he, "that once upon a time the chief of the Macleods married a fairy? And whether Macleod did not treat her well; or whether the fairy-folk reclaimed her; or whether she grew tired of the place, I do not know quite; but at all events they were separated, and she went away to her own people. But before she went away she gave to Macleod a fairy banner— the Brataeh tith it is known as—and she told him that if ever he was in great peril, or had any great desire, he was to wave that flag, and what ever he desired would come to pass. But the virtue of the Brataeh lith would depart after it had been waved three times. Now the small green banner has been waved only twice; and now I believe it is still preserved in the castle of Dunvegan, with power to work one more miracle on behalf of the Macleods. And if I had the fairy flag, do you know what I would do with it ? I would take it in my hand and say, ' I desire the fairy people to remove my friend Gertrude White from all the evil influences that disturb and distress her. I desire them to heal her wounded spirit, and secure for her everything that may tend to her life-long happiness. And I desire that all the theatres in the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland—with all their musical instruments, lime-light, and painted soenes—may be taken and dropped into the ocean, midway between the islands of Ulva and Coll, so that the fairy-folk may amuse themselves in them if they will so please I' Would not that be a very nice form of incantation ? We are very strong be lievers here in the power of one person to damage another in absence; and when you can kill a man by sticking pins into a waxen image of him— which everybody knows to be true—surely you ought to be able to help a friend, especially with the aid of the Brataeh sith. Imagine Covent Garden Theatre a hundred fathoms down in the deep sea, with mermaidens playing the brass in struments in the orchestra, and the fairy-folk on the stage, and seals disporting themselves in the stalls, and guillemots shooting about the upper galleries in pursuit of fish ! But we should get no peace from lona. The fairies there are very pious people. They used to carry St. Columba about when he got tired. They would be sure to demand the shutting up of all the theatres, and the destruction of the brass instruments. And I don't see how we could reasonably object" It was a cruel sort of jesting; but how other wise than as a jest could he convey to her, an actress, his wish that all the theatres were at the bottom of the sea ? For a brief time that letter seemed to establish some link of communication between him and her. He followed it on its travels by sea and land. He thought of its reaching the houße in which she dwelt—perhaps some plain and grimy building in a great manu facturing city, or perhaps a small quiet cottage up by Regent's Park half hidden among the golden leaves of October. Might she not, moreover, after she had opened it and read it, be moved by some passing whim to answer it, though it de manded no answer ? He waited for a week, and there was no word or message from the south. She was far away, and silent And the hills grew lonelier than before ; and the sickness of his heart increased. This state of mind could not last His longing and impatience and unrest became more than he could bear. It was in vain that he tried to satisfy his imaginative craving with these idle visions of her: it was she herself he must see; and he set about devising all manner of wild excuses for one last visit to the south. But the more he con sidered these various projects the more ashamed he grew in thinking of his taking any one of them and placing it before the beautiful old dame who reigned in Castle Dare. He had barely been three months at home: how could he explain to her this sudden desire to go away again ? One morning his cousin Janet came to him. "Oh Keith!" said she, " the whole house is in commotion; and Hamish is for murdering some of the lads ; and there is no one would dare to bring the news to you. The two young buzzards have escaped." "I know it," he said. "I let them out myself." " You!" she exclaimed, in surprise ; for she knew the great interest he had shown in watching the habits of the young hawks that had been captured by a shepherd lad. "Tea. I let them out last night It wu • pity to have them caged up." "Solong as it was yourself it ii all right, she said; and then she was going away. But the paused, and turned, and Baid to him, with a smile, "And I think you should let younelf escape, too, Keith ; for it is you, too, that are caged up; and perhaps you feel it now more since you have been to London. And if you are thinking of your friends in London, why should you not go for another visit to the south before you settle down to the long winter f" For an instant he regarded her with some fear. Had she guessed his secret? Had she been watching the outward signs of this constant torture he had been suffering ? Had she sur mised that the otter skins about which he had asked her advice were not consigned to any one of the married ladies whose acquaintance he had made in the south, and of whom he had chatted freely enough in Castle Dare! Or was this merely a passing suggestion thrown out by one who was always on the look out to do a kindness f " Well, I would like to go, Janet," he said, but with no gladness in his voice, "and it is not more than a week or two I should like to be away; but Ido not think the mother would like it; and it is enough money I have spent this year already—" "There is no concern about the money, Keith," said she, simply, " since you have not touched what I gave you. And, if you are set upon it, you know auntie will agree to whatever you wish." "But how can I explain to her? It is un reasonable to be going away." How, indeed, could he explain? He was almost assuming that those gentle eyes now fixed on him could read his heart; and that she would come to aid him in his suffering without any further speech from him. And that was pre cisely what Janet Macleod did—whether or not she had guessed the cause of bis desire to get away. " If you were a schoolboy, Keith, you would be cleverer at making an excuse for playing truant," she said, laughing. "And I could make one for you now." "You?" " I will not call it an excuse, Keith," she said, " because I think you would be doing a good work ; and I will bear the expense of it, If you please." He looked more puzzled than ever. "When we were at Salen yesterday I saw Major Stuart, and he has just come back from Dunrobin. And he was saying very great things about the machine for the drying of crops In wet weather, and he said he would like to go to England to see the newer ones and all the later improvements, if there was a chance of anyone about here going shares with him. And it would not be very much, Keith, if you were to share with him; and the machine it can be moved about very well; and in the bad weather you could give the cottars some help, to say nothing about our own hay and corn. And that is what Major Stuart was saying yesterday, that if there was any place that you wanted a drying machine for the crops it was in Mull." " I have been thinking of it myself," he said, absently, " but our farm is too small to make it pay " "But if Major Stuart will take half the expense 1 And even if you lost a little, Keith, you would save a great deal to the poorer people who are continually losing then* little patches of crops. And will you go and be my agent, Keith, to go and see whether it is practicable ?" " They will not thank you, Janet, for letting them have this help for nothing." " They shall not have it for nothing," said she —for she had plenty of experience in dealing with the poorer folk around—" they must nay for the fuel that is used. And now, Keith, if it is a holiday you want, will not that be a very good holiday—and one to be used for % good purpose, too ?" She left him. Where was the eager joy with which he ought to have accepted this offer? Here was the very means placed within his reach of satisfying the craving desire of his heart; and yet, all the same, he seemed to Bhrink back with a vague and undefined dread. A thousand im palpable fears and doubts beset his mind. He had grown timid as a woman. The old happy audacity had been destroyed by sleepless nights and a torturing anxiety. But he went and saw Major Stuart—a round, red, jolly little man, with white hair, and a cheerful smile, who had a sombre and melancholy wife. Major Stuart received Macleod's offer with great gravity. It was a matter of business that demanded serious consideration. He had worked out the whole system of drying crops with hot air as it was Bhown him in pamphlets, reports, and agricultural journals; and he had come to the conclusion that—on paper at least—it could be made to pay. What was wanted was to give the thing a practical trial. If the system was sound, surely anyone who helped to introduce it into the western Highlands was doing a very good work indeed. And there was nothing but personal inspection could decide on the various merits of the latest improvements. This was what he said before his wife one night at dinner. But when the ladies bad left the room, the little stout Major suddenly put up both his hands, snapped his thumb and middle finger, and very cleverly executed one or two reel steps. "By George I my boy," Baid he, with a ferocious grin on his face, " I think we will have a little frolic—a little frolic—a little frolic! You were never shut up in a houße for Bix months with a woman like my wife—were you, Macleod? You were never reminded of your coffin every morning, were you ? Macleod, my boy, I am just mad to get after those drying-machines!" And indeed Macleod could not have had a merrier companion to go south with him than this rubicund Major just escaped from the thraldom of his wiie. But it was with no such high spirits that Macleod Bet out Perhaps it was only the want of sleep that had rendered him nerveless and morbid; but he felt as he left Castle Dare that there was a lie in his actions, if not in his words. And as for the future that lay before him, it was a region only of doubt, and vague regret, and unknown fears; and he was entering upon it without any glimpse of light and without the guidance of any friendly hand. [TO BK CONTINUED.] 