MELBOUIRtNE LETTER. (TROM OUR OWN BnORESPONDENT. :i ? t -T "': March 25. I regret to say that the hopes indolged in last week of a speedy settlement of our political erisis have been again disappointed; it has broken out In a fresh place as I said. and may yet live to see the spring rsesn and the Melbourne Cup of 1878. Of course both'sides reproach the other for the failure of the compromise, and like the glints of e Villikins and his llnah point their flingers at ench, oilier nod metaphorically sing, "Ther6 .wouldn't have been any crisis If it lhadn't'been for you." The public on the other sido are beginning. to regard the Swhllo affair with oa eort of amused resigna lr Ion. Familliarityhas - produced the pro. verblal ffect of breeding contempt, and it rould.itake a good deal to galvanize any r fresh manifestation..of interest except 2 among thor-class-of people who live and move and have their being in politlepl 1gita tion.' ..Even . the mention of revolution a would hardly eixele the bulk of the public now, tho. cry of wolf having been already Sraised too frequently to cause any alarm. \- Our "deluge" was of short duration and 1 we are now having a secod edillton of suimmer, consequently tile early restoration iof our daily Yanl Ye'an lins proved a fortu n ote elrerunoutnner, especially for those who like to wosho talhemieoslvs occasionally slid keep flower 'gardone. It Is wsorthy of not.,. however, thal t tile selfish l sidn oPe Isunnity kes strongly brought out by the nothles of the Woltdr' Ssupply Delpooltmoent dring tlhe, 'saterlesw lihttrregnu0m, the request to econo inise berln respoonded to by people econo hillingr It In their own baths, tubs, dippers, and ten Ccups, and1 thlls exhasusting the supply moiel sooner thRan would lhave other wise been the cae. I hoave to plead guilty to.keeplig- few pinls mvsoolf, nrd subse quently discovered that like other people thought I was the only person suffoicently wide awake to adopt the precaution. Wo have got another new picture in the National Art Gallery-Moses Delivering tile Tablets of tlhe Law. It Is the biggest thero, yet beating thle Brigonds by several oints, nod It the trustees go on at this rate tfoe roof of the gallery will soon have to be nalsed. Targo as it Is the artist is to be congratulated Ion havling got "Moses into It, for he is of iml tense slre, fully confirming the scriptural assertion that thero were giants in those days. Thl Prophet wears a troubled expres sion as if he lhad a bill tonmeet or Mrs. Moses had presented him with twins, but a friend reminded me that lie hadn't lhad anything to eat to speak of for forty days, and that his :hungry expression Is a strong evidence of the artist's nttention to detail. I suppose this is tile case, but to most people It looks as if the artlit was laboring under a deep conscialous nress of has going to get £1700 for the picture, and deemed It his duty to give as much of ,loses as possible for the money. Profeosor Pearson's report on our educa tion system is out, nod is already furnishing a feast Tor jonrnallsts in the shape of mater ial for. leader writing. Fortunately It is very voluminous, and gives plenty of oppor tutlty to cut lod coono ngail. I don't sup pose, many of the outside public will care to 'wade througlh tfhis.tlhousand-pounder report, but will endeavour to gain som0e idea of its purport. tlrough the extracts and comments lpubllshed in tile papers. I need hardly say I that anyone wishing to obtain a correct view I of its contents must peruse the journals 1 on eacah side, as strange to say, whllst 1 linlllsterial prints are unanimous in ' bearing testimony to its value, those in oppc. sition concur in clharacterising it as frivolous,; unpractical and second-hand. The presence in lMelbourno of Mrs. Emma I Ilardinge Ilritten and Mr. Thomas Walker, the spiritualist lecturers, has revived tihe discus sion as to the extstence of that place, which It Is not considered correct to mention to acurs po. Hle, and the occupants of our pulpits are freely taking. s'des li the controversy. It certainly is very dislnterested on the part of those clergymen who malntain there Is no I hot hereafter, in thlos running tile risk of losing pew tents, their cougregations natur- I ally arguing that, if their doclrine is correct, I there is no need to sleep in sultry churches e when they have got, brtter sofas at home. , It must be said, however, that so far the apostles of Coanon Farrar amonget our divines constitute a very small minority. Darwsin has nssured us that we are all descendedl from monkeeys, and tit tlant nnoino slahnuld be the synmbol of. humau duplicity is not innppropriate. At a provin cial railway station on one ofour long lines Is tiel -hunmble cottage aud garden of one of the engine drivers lately employed on thle line il queslltn." In tile garden a pet mono I key used to sit, and becionme a regular object of Intlerest to eonnstaut travellers, so that his sudden rerent disapperance has caused some surprise and disappointment.--The secret, I believe, la na ilollows :-lThe moukey was trained to sit on. tile fence anud salute its master as the traln-weot by. The englno driver was in the habit of throwing a large lump of coal at the monkey to thle great c anmusement of tlhoe passenlogers, wlo watched theil nlnbleness witlh wlhich it lodged thleso e missiles. In fact tile engineer frequently I "fired" several lumps at Jaeko without ever hitting or discouraging that Indefat- t gable beast. T?he other day the fuel t supplies at the station unexpectedly gave out a and in th enmergency the engineeor's son was t found to have several spare tons of coal to dispose of at £2 a ton as a special favor. Thime a dinm and distant odour of a rodent has now t poenetrated the olfactories of the local station I master, antd both the engineer and his mon- r y have ceased to oilciatoe. Tloe reflootiou is opt to ariso whether the ex- ouginoer is the Ii only civil servant in the habit of keeping a a nmonuky of some kinl ii his front gardenl. The cricket match between thle Astralian t Eleven and a Victorian Eighteen resulted in i an easy win for the former, with 150t runs to spare. Tie Eleoveou started for England via t Sydoly o0 't'uesday. Thoereo uas alnrgo at tondslnco o0 thle East Moelbourno grouo each t of the three days, so that the tean have lond their parsa well fillcl for tho hlono trip, anil thbe lalbourom o lb lhas lost by its over reaoloing conlduot. iKendall wvas left behindc not that his crickotig abilities would not c warrautohis inclusion in the team, but in cou- I sequenoc of is hanviognlaodo himself obnox- I ious to the other members during the recent t tour of ith Eleven. Ae the above player is t occasionally not exactly In a playing position I it is erhaplls s wevll that he has been ox cludlo, lparticularly as it is desirable our re-. presentativee should show to advantage In other respects besides skill in thu cricket field. Thle Goulhorn Iler/Iu gives thle followinl ghost story:--htely thelure hes bcen stome excltcment anoongst floe seporstltlous, numbers of oloao go oef in parties with geun to raoge above Stewar t's gardeno wlhoeo there is a n nflnlsheld stone house. Here oan np. - parltion is sld to make its appearance in tfo form of a light, and to travel very slowly nud frequently very qoliekly from tfle river 8 bank joust below up to onlo around thle house, then voryloU lo perfomniire by a ruoo anocneg t lo trees. 'Tils Is said to be kept up froom in early. hour iI the evening until 8 about Ithee In th0e morleiino; all endeavo nrs to get hnar the lillot are sndl to prove futile. Oo Monuday eseololeg a noisber of persons visited tfle viclioty, aod a group cosogregateod s on CloI rchlllI to view thie ligllt, whficlo ot Is solol was pblainly visible, though tfle distance - lIn consilderable. Sron?D CUi' AccoPTACE.-c.Thel Argos I of tfle ethl given thle follohwIng as theo -c aplances for thle Syodney Cup:l- ra Jalitoroli ! Is Deocrat OIester I)ockwood Fl lr"i osi C'alnami Woolshon Aucklanuod C Ciluogflsel r nll er Loorlot - Svoaolkn Tloe Kiloog Mlilitla WVoodlonods Vlraoiunt ilollonraeoi Cap.a.olOu Unrusadler Sir Itonlgot hncsnol Ilook Wood P'eceltll Anmohfniont Miltolln lfosaborry Black 1a gle f De oole ardon lo Aplogy 