THE sccular system of education adopted in the neighboring colony lias never mot with the approval of Iho two religious denominations most numerously represented in Australia. By the Church of England it has been only tolerated ; by the Roman Catholic Church it has been strongly condemned, nay denounced as the cause of a serious injustice to a very important section of the community. It may be ., admitted that the denunciation has sometimes boon more energetic than logical; that the grievance complained of has been somewhat magnified in the utterances of injudicious advocates of a more equitable system; but the grievance is a substantial one, nevertheless ; and we are glad therefore to see the case for the two Churches fairly stated by an advocate who cannot be suspected of any undue leaning towards the denomination most interested in bringing about a change. Dr. MOOMIOUSK, the very able and broadminded Bishop of Melbourne, dealt with this subject in the course of his opening address at the annual session of the Church of England Assembly in Melbourne, and, as it appears to us, very completely refuted the plausible fallacies upon which the theory of the system of secular education is founded. Wo regret that pressure on our space prevents U6 from giving the Bishop's very able and rfoquent address in its entirety, as it embodies the clearest and most exhaustive statement of the case yet published ; but we shall endeavor to show the general tenor and purport of the arguments employed. To do this it will be necessary in the first place to state, as briefly as may be, the chief grounds on which the teaching of religion, in State schools i6 objected to. Assuming that the necessity, or at anyrate the advantage, of early religious training is to be taken for granted, why is it that such teaching may not be given in the schools, and form part and parcel of the ordinary course of instruction ? There can be no doubt of the fact that instruction in the fundamental principles of Christianity, as well as instruction in any other branch of study, is never more likely to be effective than when given regularly, systematically, and by a person specially trained to teach. Why, then, is it that the expensive and efficient machinery provided for public instruction should not be rendered available for inculcating those first principles of religion in the absence of which every professing Christian affects to believe mere worldly knowledge of very small account. Well, the secularists' objections may be formulated as follows :—1st, that religious teaching necessarily involves denominational teaching ; 2nd, that the task of imparting religious instruction can and ought to be left to tho clergymen of the several denominations; 3rd, that State aid to religion having been abolished, the State cannot consistently contribute towards the cost of teaching religion. The third clause, it will be observed, bears not only on the general question of teaching religion in the State schools, but also on that of subsidising denominational schools. Now the first of these objections is very simply disposed of. Dr. MOORHOUSE points out that at home as well as in the colonies it was feared that the schoolmaster would make the scripture lesson an occason for the inculcation of his own peculiar opinions ; and to show in what manner the anticipation was fulfilled he refers to the case of tho London School Boards, as i follows:—In the board schools of London J 150,000 children are taught, not only secular, but religious knowledge, under the protection . of a clause which provides that the school- : master shall avoid denominational teaching. Well do I remember how that clause was ridiouled when the act was introduced, and, how victoriously it was demonstrated that all religious teaching muBt bo denominational, and must therefore light the fires of religious jealousy in every district. Well, tho act has now been in operation for seven years, and with what result ? That in all that time there lias not been a single complaint of denominational teaching on the part of tho masters, whilo under the conscience clause, enabling Jewish citizens and others to have their children taught secular subjects at the time of tho religious instruction, only one child in a thousand has been withdrawn. There, if we will listen to tho calm voice of experience rather than to tho clamor of heated disputants, is the solution to our difficulty." Having thus shown that tho bug-boar which has been made so much of is after all nothing but a myth, and after also pointing out that tho schoolmaster is tho most proper person to impart religious instruction, Dr. MOOUHOUSK goes on to prove that ho is the only person who can do it effectually; and ho also points out with considerable force the hopelessness of any expectation that tho clergy could perform the task. Ministers of religion, ho says, however willing, could never do it. In view of tho engrossing labors to which they are already committed and the small number of clergymen available, they could never, as a body, persevere in any effort of the kind. And even though tho numbers of the clergy were greatly increased, there would still be great difficulties in the way, for as the Bishop observes—even if they had time and strength for tho work, experience has shown that it is difficult for ministers of different denominations, engaged in a common task, to avoid the occurrence of jealousy and mutual opposition. If even this danger were avoided, it would be impossible to maintain a high rate of attendance at the religious instruction so long as attendance was voluntary on the part of the children, and the teacher was not in the habit of exercising discipline and control over the scholars. If even all these difficulties were overcome, there would still remain the everpresent danger of such conflicts between ministers and school boards as that which recently arose at Ballarat." No one acquainted with the condition of the several branches of the Christian church in the Australian colonies ; no one aware of the enormous amount of labor devolving upon clergymen in the country districts, can deny that these are powerful arguments based upon undoubted facts; and few intelligent persons, looking upon the question from an unprejudiced standpoint, can fail to admit that if early and efficient religious training is of any real importance to a people, it should and must form an integral part of that people's system of national education. Having thus established his proposition that tho fundamental truths of Christianity ought to be inculcated side by 6ide with ordinary secular teaching, and that this can be done irrespective of denominational differences, the Bishop next touches upon the third objection of the secularists, more particularly as regards its bearing upon the claims of tho Roman Catholic body: and on this head he is equally liberal, outspoken, and vigorous. He recognises, as few public speakers and writers on this subject choose to recognise, the fact that secularist bigotry—the intolerance of the class who believe in nothing—may be as strongly marked and as unjust in its operation as the bigotry of the sectarian. He points out that the Roman Catholics, contributing as they needs must to the cost of our national system of education, have a right to share in the benefits derived from tho expenditure of that money; aud that being debarred by conscientious scruples from availing themselves of the State schools, they are entitled to Government aid for their own system of denominational education. He admits that the elementary religious teaching which he contends ought to be given in the. State schools, would not meet the approval of the Catholics. He says " What we demand is, that the moral and religious faculties of our children shall bo educated; that moral and religious sensibilities shall bo a\vakened in them; that they shall be acces- 6ible .to moral appeal, responsive to religious stimulus, capable of understanding that Christian basis of instruction to which they will be called upon to listen in riper years. If this be done, then, holding as we do, that the force of the truth which we bolievo is its own best evidenoe, we have no fears for the future| This is the position of all Protestants, and therefore wo can be conscientiously satisfied with such a system of religious instruction in » the State schools as that which I have indi- i cated. Wo might prefer another, but at least we can, aud therefore, in present circumstances, we Bhould be satisfied with this. The Roman Catholics cannot conscientiously submit to such a system, and therefore, if the Government will only adopt such a measure as I have refered to, it will be nothing but reasonable as it seems to mo to concede to the Roman Catholics tho indulgence which they seek." These words, coming as they do from a speaker whoso ability has already earned for him something more than a Victorian reputation, can hardly fail to have some appreciable effect in the creation of a more sound public opinion on this subject than now exists in tho neighboring colony; and they may also bo of service 111 removing any idea that may bo entertained north of the Murray to tho effect that tho New South Wales mixed system of education might_ with advantage be exchanged for that of our Victorian neighbors. THAT the vexatious tax upon stock, the monstrous wharfage charge, and the exorbitant railway rates imposed by the Victorian Government upon the products of Riverina, must sooner or later have the effect of destroying the business connection that has so long subsisted between the south-western portion of this colony and Melbourne, has been foreseen clearly enough by all intelligent persons who have considered the matter from an unprejudiced standpoint. That farmers and graziers carrying on their operations in this district regard Melbourne as their natural market, cannot be denied. The relative distances of Melbourne and Sydney being nearly as 1 to 2, Sydney is at the outset handicapped at an enormous disadvantage in competing with the southern capital; and up to the present date the handicap has been increased by the existence of railway communication in the one case and its absence in the other. It has thus come to be believed in Melbourne that, practically, Riverina producers are obliged to trade with Hobson's Bay—that they have no other outlet for their produce. Acting under this impression, the BERRV Ministry have been at no pains to preserve the connection, but have rather placed vexatious and unnecessary obstacles in the way of the traffic, for the purpose, apparently, of making their customers pay as highly as possible for the privilege of adding to tho exports and generally increasing the business of the Victorian capital. This, under any circumstances, would have been an illiberal and selfish policy; but under existing circumstances it has proved a suicidal policy. Mr. BERRY and his colleagues appear to have shut their eyes to the fact that with the approach of the Great Southern Railway to the border tho relative advantages to Riverina of Sydney and Melbourne as markets and ports of shipment would be materially altered, and that with the opening of the railway to Wagga Wagga Sydney would actually be a better market for a portion of the district than Melbourne. But if the Victorian Ministry were unable to perceive this very evident fact, the Melbourne merchants have not been slow to find it out by the marked falling-off which has already taken place in the business done with Riverina. Only last week a deputation, headed by the chairman of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, representing the mercantile community and others interested in the wool and stock trade, waited upon the Minister of Railways with a view to point out the wholesale manner in which the wool and stock traffic was being diverted to Sydney, mainly through the injudicious policy of exacting excessive freight charges on the Victorian lines, and through the still more unwise imposition of the tax upon 6tock. According to tho estimate formed by the deputation, 110 less than 400,000 sheep and 60,000 bales of wool, which in the natural conrse of things would have found their way to Melbourne, had been thus diverted; andthiB was only a foretaste of what might bo expected IN future seasons. Mr. C. RYAN, one of the deputation, thought that the estimate of 400,000 sheep as the number lost to the Melbourne market was much under the mark. Mr. HORSFALL, representative of the firm of GOLDSDROUGU and Co., referred to the enormous difficulty he had this year experienced in getting wool for Melbourne; and several other equally experienced gentlemen told much the same story, all concurring in the opinion that the only possible way to save a fair propor tion of the trade was by tho abolition of the stock tax and a wholesale reduction in the freight chafes. In reply to the deputation, Mr. WOODS rather weakly attempted to make out that the diversion of trade deplored was the result of a combination between New South Wales and South Australia "to fence Victoria out"—an appropriate vindication of the selfish and suicidal policy to which, as everybody knows, the loss of business is really attributable. By their action in respect to tho wharfage charge and tho reduction of freight charges, however, the Victoriau Government have virtually admitted thejfolly of their pre vious action ; and taking the first step as an earnest of an intention to mend their ways, we may hope before long to see the stock tax done away with. This abolished, and some further concessions made on the carriage of wool and cereals, Victoria will perhaps still be able to command the bulk of the traffic of southern Riverina. In the northern portions of the district the trade is already gone; and in view of the rapidity with which the Albuiy railway is being pushed ahead, and the energy with which Sydney firms are forcing their way southwards, the Victorians will find it soon no easy matter to hold their own even in the country immediately abutting on their own frontier. THE good understanding usually maintained between squatter and selector in the neighborhood of Albuiy lias, we regret to say, no exis tence in the central portions of Riverina. At any rate it is the exception rather than the rule; many of the large landholders in the locality referred to availing themselves of every opportunity to annoy, harass, and, if possible, to ruin, every individual who has the temerity to select upon their runs. We have from time to time published so many accounts of the ingenious devices resorted to for the purpose of hunting out the conditional purchasers, that further illustrations are almost needless; but in order to show the persistency of the opposition which the selector has to encounter in some parts of this district, we append the following statement given to us by a person on whose word we can implicitly rely. We give the story in our informant's own terms, adding nothing and taking away nothing :—" I had not enough land for my stock, and I made an arrangement to lease a selection on station. On my way to take possession I met the manager of the sta tion, who had heard of my taking the selection He said he had just sent a telegram to me stating he had put G000 sheep ou the land. ] said I should go and put them off the land He replied that in this case it would be awk ward for him, as he had to go eight miles away, and he had no chance of sending a mes sage to the station. I said I would take any letter he liked to send. He wrote a letter in structing the people at the station to prevent me from turning the sheep out of the selection I delivered that letter. I then went on to tho selection, which is fenced in, and attempted to turn the sheep off the land. In the meantime thepeople from tho station had mustered; there were seven men and a lot of dogs. They barricaded all the openings in the fence, and stopped me from driving the sheep out. Some of the men were armed with tomahawks. The struggle between us—me trying to get the sheep out and the station men trying to stop me—lasted till night. We then agreed to knock off till morning. The station people were to do nothing, and I was not to try to got tho sheep out. In the night the station men wired up all the openings. When I found this out, I got my boy to cut all the wires. The second day I said to tho station men that I would drive the sheep into one corner and starve them. They threatened to tie us up. I meant to hire all tho swagmon I could find, and starve tho sheep. At last tho man I leased the selection from came up, and agreed to sell tho land to the runholder. If ho had not douo this, I don't know what would have been the end of it all. As it was, I M'as well enough satisfied. I had lent money on the selection, and was glad enough to got my money back without having to fight for leave to feed my stock on the grass I had paid for." WE publish in another column a letter from " A Householder " with reference to Ihe closing of Smollett-street, and we may admit that our correspondent makes out a bettor case for the objectors than has hitherto been advanced. We still hold that the objection might with a better grace have been urged before any expense had been incurred by tho Council, but that there is some force in our correspondent's argument caunot be disputed. At present, and for a long time to come, the portion of the street closed is not likely to be of tho least service to anybody, but in future years it is possible as " A Housholder " points out, that the increased business of the town may warrant the Council in laying out large sums upon all the approaches. Assuming that the traffic from down the river should swell to the proportions anticipated by our correspondent, it may be that the local body will even see their way to incur the heavy cost of bridgiug the creek and making the desired connection between tho Howlong road and SuiolletUtreet. The contingency appears to us rather remote, but still there is a chance of the thing being done some day, and perhaps it would be rather hard on the owners of adjacent land to deprive them of this chance. At the same time it would be a great mistake to fall to off-hand and undo the work that has just been performed. We would therefore suggest a compromise in the matter by which the gardens would be saved for the time being from mutilation, without the least injury to " A Householder " and his friends. The Council might agree to forego its attempt to pass a bill through Parliament for the permanent closing of the street: and, by resolution duly en tered on the minutes, admit the right of the property-holders to reopen the thoroughfare whenever the increase of traffic renders such a step • necessary. This course, it seems to us, affords a means cf settling the difficulty in a manner as satisfactory to all concerned as the circumstances of the case permit. AUCTIONEERS' LICENSES.—The annual meeting to consider applications for auctioneers' licenses will be held at the Court-house on the 26th November. NEW MAGISTRATE.—Mr. George Billson, one of the representatives of the Ovens district in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, has been appointed a magistrate for the northern bailiwick of that colony. PUBLIC HOLIDAYS.—Tuesdav, the 5th Novern ber, and Saturday, the 9th November, will be observed as holidays at all the Government offices in Victoria. The days named will also be bank holidays in Victoria. THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE.—The Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, held a Confirmation Service at Wodonga yesterday, and in the evening addressed a large congregation at the Prince of Wales Hall. THE UPPER MURRAY MAILS.—A correspondent at Tooma informs us that there has been no mail received at that place l'rom Sydney for the past four weeks. In the ordinary course of things, two mails should arrive by way of Tuinbarumba every week. BUILDING ACCIDENT.—Yesterday afternoon, as a large iron girder was being hoisted into position at Mr. Curley's new building in Dean-strect, the rope broke and the girder fell. Fortunately no one was injured by the accident, but the girder was bent by the fall. TUMUT.—Our correspondent at Tumut sends us the following telegram :—" Mr. Montague Marks, J.P., laid the foundation stone of a new post and telegraph office on Thursday morning in he presence of a good number of spectators, hough no notice had been given of the affair. ^ H E ALBURY RAILWAY.—We understand it is the intention of the Government to open the line section by section from the Wagga end as completed ; and it is calculated that all will be ready for opening to the Billabong by the date of next shearing—that is to say, in twelvemonths from the present time. THE WAGGA MAIL.—Under the time-table now in force the Albury dircct mail leaves Wagga Wagga at 10.30 a.m. on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday, reaching Albury half an hour after midnight. It will leave Albury at 1 a.m. on Saturday, Tuesday and Thursday, reaching Wagga at 2.30 p.m. ALUURY HOSPITAL.—The Treasurer acknowledges the receipt of ill 7s. from Mr. John Scarlett, Bethanga, being the contributions oftl„> 35°*The "StagSt P«ny. rhe superintendent acknowledges receint ACCIDENT AT BROCKLESUY.—Mr. Alexander kick in 0 ,h„ 0 nl l r0cki^bj ' 8ta ti°n, received a severe Vh ® abdomen a Iwrse, on last SaturlnL , Th Vm>tnms which followed (says the owl paper) caused some alarm to his friends, and m ft,?!*'! 8 - Cnt l01 M '- r " Anderson suffered 1 b , u , 1 16 M0W out of , danger, and progressing favorably towards P secovery. J j " ; F LMT TOR SYDNEY.—During the week a farmer at Germanton iorwarded the first S i ! ^that . La8 8° ne from tbis district to SnSTi, i ? understand, is worth 5s. frtiR™ w U Syin& !< ond tbe coat of ^ilway a?U LIT Y a P' 8 a!l • Thif > le *ves a clear gain i th P^bU8hel whit would b. realised if bourn! in Albury or sent to Mel- PERMISSION TO PURCHASE.-^ is notified in the frowmnwnt Gaulle that the undermentioned persons will be permitted to purchase, under the 2nd clause ot the Lund Act, the portions of improved land specified against their names :— Mrf™ 1 ' 1 l ,0rt,0 " fi 123 . 124, 126, and 122, parish ot \\\ elaregang, amounting in all to 495 acres; of Buckaiginga ' P ° rti ° n 84, ° f 118 acre8 ' parish PASTORAL AND AGRICOLTURAL.—'The appearance of the country is all that could be desired, teed is etui abundant in every direction, aud there is a plentiful supply of water. Stock on the whole are healthy, though a few cases of pleuro are reported. The crops are not looking quite so well. Take-all has made sad havoc with some of the wheat paddocks at Jindera, and an outbreak ot rust is also reported. IMPORTANT TO SELECTORS.—Mr. J. Reillv, Government authorised survevor, has now completed b, 8 survey of that portion of the Stanley btate forest, which was proposed should be thrown open for selection. He now intends proceeding to Bethanga to survey the township, and then , will go to the Upper Murray district, so that it would be well for any intending selectors to make early application for bis services. SUDDEN DEATH ON THE UPPER MURRAY.— We regret to record another case of death probably attributable to over-indulgence in liquor. The victim in the present instance is a man named John Gallagher, a selector living in the neighborhood of Tumbarumba. He had, it appears, been given excessively to drink for a long time past, and had frequently been warned that some day or other he would be found lying dead in the bush. Ihis prophecy was unhappily lulfilled on the 9th mst. Gallagher had been indulging in one of his accustomed drinking bouts, and on the day named was found lying dead on the road leading from the township to his hut. MR. ALPEN'S CONCERT.—The programme of Mr. Alpen s concert on Tuesday next promises a nch treat The selection from the " Bohemian Girl, with orchestral accompaniments, is sure to remembering how well it was done by the Philharmonic Society at a former concert. The second part comprises some good music, amongst which the duet for two pianos—rendered by such players as Miss Wigmore and Mr. Alpen—ought to be very successful. Then the Dramatic Society will play a capital farce, the whole making a programme which, independent of other claims that Mr. Alpen has on the public, ought to crowd the house. WOOL CROSSINGS.—The following lots of wool have crossed the river since the date of our last list:—J. Mitchell, 24 bales ; E. and J. Post, 10 do.; Hamilton and Co., 41 do.; J. Mitchell, 13 i 0 '! Halliday, 160 do.; S. Watson, 15 do. ; 1\. k. Waller and Co., 1 do.; James Mitchell, 24 do.; James Balfour, 52 do. ; W. Douglass, 52 do.; S. Watson, 20 do.; M'Kellar and Co., 169 5 Matc and C . o -> 11 ; A. Booth, 21 di.; WS over M, 5 do.; Gerogery, 24 do.; Tabletop, 26 do.; Brookoug, 260 do.; VV over II 24 do.; Walbundrie, 12 do.; Walbundrie, 23 do. ; Tabletop, 26 do. ; Gobbagumbalin, 61 do.; T Gibson, 18do.; Gerogery, 24do.; Hamilton, 111 do.; SB over WW, 91 do.; Tabletop, 27 do. ; E. and J. Post, 15 do.; Burrow Bros., 26 do.; Mornce, 10 do.; C P, 10 do. THE REDUCED FREIGHT CHARGES ON THE VIC- TORIAN RAILWAYS.—Hitherto there has been three rates according to distance, viz., 10d. per truck per mile up to 100 miles, 9d. per truck per inile up to 150 miles, ond 8d. per truck per mile over 150 miles. For the future there will onlv be two rates for sheep and cattle, viz., 9d. per truck per mile up to 150 miles, and 7d. per truck per mile, over 150 miles. The stock comiii" Irani Riverina will thus be charged Id. per truck per nule less than the present rates. The reduction is small, but the Minister is of opinion that it could not be made greater without interfering seriously with the railway reveuue returns, and he has also expressed the view that owing to the cheap price at which New South Wales can procure coal for her locomotives, it is impossible to compete with her on equal terms as regards railway rates. The new grain and produce rates (viz., lid. per ton per mile up to 100 miles, aud Id. per ton per mile over that distance) came into force at the same time. AWESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS.—A meeting in connection with these missions was held on Tuesday evening, at the Wesleyan Church, Albury, at which there was a large attendance. The Rev. J. Horsley, a returned missionary from Fiji, accompanied by Esau Ratu, a Fijian Catechist, attended as a deputation from the parent society. After the usual devotional exercises, the chair was taken by Mr. S. F. Blackmore, who in a short, appropriate address opened the meeting. The Rev. T. Augwin read an abstract of the Mission Report* after which the meeting was addressed by Esau Ratu in his native language, interpreted by the llev. Mr. Horsley. The native appeared to be a fluent speaker, and Mr. Horsley stated that he was a fair sample of the young men who have been trained for mission work. The Fijian spoke of the customs of his countrymen before Christianity was introduced amongst them, and the great change there was now in the manners and habits ot the people. The Rev. J. Horsley next addressed the meeting, giviug some account of tho mission work in Fiji, where he bad been stationed lor some years. Esau Ratu then chanted the tlie Lord s prayer, and the meeting closed with the benediction. EXHIBITION OP BILLIARD-PLAYING.—Mr. Kilkenny, the celebrated champion billiard player, gave an exhibition of his skill on Saturday evening last at the Imperial Billiard-room. His antagonist on this occasion was Mr. M'Gauran, one of the best amateur plavers in the district, who received 500 points from the champion in a game or 1000 up. The play at the outset was steady and good on both sides, without any particular display of brilliancy. Mr. M'Gauran did not, perhaps, appear at his best in the game, though he missed few chances and put together several nice little breaks by careful all-round play. It was evident, however, that he was no match for Kilkenny, who at the refreshment interval had gamed 259, the scores standing thus—M'Gauran, 803; Kilkenny, 561. On resuming play the champion gained still more rapidly on his opponent, and eventually won by 23 points. On Monday evening the champion encountered Mr. Jewell, the marker at the Exchange, who also received 500 points. This time, however, the champion got worsted, Jewell coming off the winner by 61 points. The highest break in the first 500 made by Kilkenny was 60, which included six spot strokes. At the adjournment the scores stood— Kilkenny. 501 ; Jewell, 751. In the second 500 the highest breaks made by the champion were 60, including 19 spot strokes and 68. Jewell's highest break was 39. The play of the champion was remarkably good, and the exhibition afforded a great treat to the lovers of billiards who witnessed it. The attendance was not very good. On Wednesday, at the Globe, the champion a^ain gave Mr. M'Gauran 500 out of 1000, and was beaten by 93. SITE OF THE RAILWAY STATION.—At the X^HE eeting of the Albury Municipal Council on Wednesday evening, the Council Clerk, in reply to a queiy from one of the aldermen, stated that he understood it was the intention ot the Railway Department to place the railwav terminus opposite the end of Smollett-street. " It was considered by the Council that the placing of the station on this spot would be prejudicial to the commercial interests of the town, and a resolution was carried to the effect that a memorial on the subject should be drawn up for presentation to tte Minister. It was also decided that the mayor and a few ol the aldermen should wait upon the Commissioner for Railways, who was expected to arrive in Albury next day. In pursuance of this resolution, on Thursday afternoon the Mayor, accompanied by Aldermen Adams, Downie, and Barrington, and Mr. Higgins, paid a visit to Mr. Goodchap a G,o t i b ? Hote '* The Commissioner received the deputation very courteously, but stated that it was not usual for an executive officer of the Government to be formally waited upon in this waj\ Properly speaking, "it was the Minister only that received deputations. As, however, the mayor and aldermen had come, he would not be so discourteous as to let them "0 without heariug what they lad to say, and he would also be happy to forward any representations they desired to make to the Minister, and, if in his power, to assist in furthering their views. The Mayor, after thanking the Commissioner for his courtesy, paid that the Council, as representing the townspeople, desired first to know the site chosen for r,he 'terminus, which was a matter of very general interest; they also wished to know whether it would be a large station. Mr. Goodchap said that wijhout stating the intentions of the department hfe might say that if any gentleman present had any suggestions to make on the subject of a site either for the station or sheds, he would be happy to represent them in the proper quarter. The Mayor said it was generally desired that the station should be between the ends of Dean-street and Wilsonstreet. At all events not 6outb of Dean-street, as otherwise all the traffic from the terminus would be diverted from the principal business centres. Alderman Barrington said that the adoption of the site recommended by the Mayor would be to the advantage of the department as well as to the benefit ofthetown. Placing the station where suggested, all the lower portion of the railway reserve would be required for shunting purposes, and for repairing sheds, &c.; that was if repairing-sheds were to be erected. The Commissioner said he thought there would be a repairing-shed at Albury. He had no doubt all these matters had been duly taken into consideration. Alderman Downie pointed out that the town was growing northward, and that to place the station south of Dean-street would be injurious to the traders. Mr. Goodchap promised to represent the views of the Council to the Minister, but suggested that the resolutions carried had better take the form of a memorial to the Minister. The Mayor and one or two of the aldermen subsequently accompanied the Commissioner to the railway reserve to examine the site of the proposed terminus. In the course of the interview it was incidentally mentioned that the probable amount of water required for the terminus would be 65,000 gallons per day, and that a plan had been suggested for raising the water by means of a windmill. JINDERA.—Our Jindera correspondent writes as follows :—" In my last letter I referred to Mr. bloman s winnowing machines, which I have no doubt will give every satisfaction to purchasers ; m " ow mentio11 that a local machinist— Mr. Molkentine—is also turning out agricultural implements of a very superior character. He has erected a foundry for the purpose of casting his own brass bushes and other small articles required in commotion with the repair or manufacture ot larming machinery. I am afraid, however, that the harvest will not turn but so productive as we anticipated a short time since. The mischievous take-all has made its unwelcome appearance in our midst, and has spread greatly during the post few weeks. Several 1 large and " most promising crops have been utterly ruined already, and the scourge is making its way steadily and rapidly iu various directions. At Burrumbuttock, the farmers are complaining of rust; and having visited the firm of Messrs. H. Piefke, IV. Piefke, Fisher, and several others, 1 am sorry to say the complaint is not by any means groundless or even exaggerated. The new goldfield in this quarter, by the way, is likely to become a substantial fact. Several specimens of quartz richly impregnated with gold arc now on view at Mr. Haberecht's hotel, and I fully expect that before long we shall have occasion for iheservices of the local goldfields' warden to lay down a base line. A company has been formed to work the ground, aud the shares are already taken up, so that there is every prospect ol the discovery being properly tested. A number of practical miners have visited the ground, and are of opinion that n rich goldfieid will be opened in the vicinity. Should this turn out to be the case, the miners will have to adopt some adequate measures for conserving the storm-water, as there is no natural supply from springs in the neighborhood, and the lack of water must prove a serious obstacle in the way of mining operations. I am informed that the police, or soms one else invested with authority in such matters, has laid an information against a respectable publican for supplying refreshments on the Sabbath day. It seems to ine that it would be more to the purpose* if attention were directed to some of the numerous wine shanties, where it is notorious that lienors of all kinds are retailed to the injury of the revenue of the colony as well as to the prejudice of the legitimate trader, who is compelled to pay £30 a year for a license and is bound down by numberless other restrictions. To my certain knowledge, some of these shanties have been in full swing (or the last twelve years—a fraud upou the Government in eich case amounting to £.'$G0. Aiul apart from this consideration, it is also to lie remembered that these I ilaces arc a nuisance in their respective neighhorloods. Dancing, &c.;, is carried on upoii Sundays and all other days, to the annoyance, of all people living in the vicinity. Sheep-washing, I understand, is still being carried on in the creek, to the injury of the water that we have to use for every purpose ; the only justification that cau be urged for the act is that the sheep-wash of the owner is in his own paddock Why this circumstance should entitle anyone to poison the running water from which we all draw our supplies, I am at a loss to understand. The Surveyor-General, having laid down the lines of the village, will, I hope, interfere to prevent any further pollution of the watercourses. I trust also that some steps will be taken at an early date in the matter of our village reservoir, though no sum has yet been placed on the Estimates for this purpose. A horee, with the reputation of being decidedly vicious, was left some time ago in Mr. Haberecht's paddock by a gentleman in Albury. The animal was taken in hand by Mr. T. Everitt, who has succeeded in bringing it so thoroughly under subjection that it is now led about by a boy. So much for a rational and humane system of horsebreaking. In my next letter I purpose furnishiug you with some further particulars of improvements recently effected at Burrunibuttock." CHANGE OF IIORSE-STEA LING.—At the local ml ice court, on Tuesday, Thomas Gately was E arought up on remand charged with horse stealins. Mr. Curtis appeared for the defence. Seniorsergeant Lenthall stated that the summonses for the witnesses whose attendance had been asked for by the accused had all been issued, but a report from the Adelong police stated that two ot the witnesses had left the district, aud their residences were not known; the other person was away from home, and would not be back before the 29th inst. The prisoner was committed for trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions ; bail allowed—prisoner iu £80, and two sureties oi £40 each. THU WAHGUNVAH BRIDGE.—A letter (according to the Fres Press) has been received for Mr. George Day, M.P., intimating that after consulting with other members of the Assembly, he lias decided upon presenting the petition regarding the Wabgunvah bridge (which was so numerouely 6 : gnedsomc time since) to the Minister for Public Works, and will forward his reply as soon as it is received. Subsequent to this, another letter was received from Mr. Day jhy Mr. Levin, in which it was stated that th a petition was received by the Minister for Public Works, and would be favorably considered. Mr. Daiy now proposes to bring the matter before the House, when it is expected that as far as New South Wales is concerned, the subject will be discuss 2d with a view of carrying out the objects of tin: residents in this district, HAY.—An occasional correspondent writes as follows:—" At the liite meeting of sheepowncrs it was resolved ' that car-cropping should have been abolished and made illegal; that earmarks should be left to the discretion of owners and district inspectors, as the proposed code of regulations is unworkable on lame stations; and that notice should be given of lut stock, as well as 6tore stock, going through runs.| A movement has been set on foot for the purpose of starting a local Pastoral Association. It is intended to hold the first meeting in April, and the next show in August, Over £5500 was realised at the last auction sale of Crown lauds." . WODONGA Pouon COURT.—At this court, yes terday, before Messrs. Iluon, O'Callaghan, and Bambrick, J's.P., the following cases were dealt with :—A tiumben of persons were summoned under the compulsory clause of the Education Act for neglecting to feend their children to school. The defendants were filled in sums varying from 6d. to lOd. J. M'Gill sv John Dent; claim for £2 16s. 5d., goods sold and delivered; verdict for plaintiff. Johii Mitchell v. John Waltho claim for £8 8s. 7£d. on a fteiud summons; to be mid by instalments of 30s. a month. John Bovden v. "German Jack;" claim for £4 19s. wS. ; struck out, defendant ^ J ^ Z X nioned under a wrong name. Elmuietii w iu»\\. George Dclane v.—Defendant, who was charged S using obscene language in ft public place, did not appear, and a warrant issue for his arrest. Joseph Pratt v. ilium No appeSce of plaintiff; struck out. John detention of * cow ; Mr. N agio for question of ownership in this ot a good deal of conflicting evidence, and the Bench ultiinatelv dismissed the case. held INSOLVENCY MEETRSGS.-Mcetings were be iu ,V the District Commissioner on Tuesday last i several insolvent estates. Ii. the estate of Thos. Jenner, of Albury, farmer, Mr. Bb-ckmore appeared for the insolvent. The meeting wa adjourned for a week. In ;the estate of lienry Stephen, the meeting was adjourned iw tl^ Mtteiidance of the insolvent, Maur.ce Bush, of Quat Quatta, farmer.—In this case Mr. Lmerson appeared for the insolvent. Mr. Rooiw proved a ilebt of £71 10s. Id. on behalf ol Mr. Levin, of Corowa. The insolvent was then examined as lo Ihe causes of his insolvency, and attributed ins insolvency to losses caused In' the drought and pressure of creditors. Examined by Mr. Koope, witness said that in March he had two blocks o land-320a. and 420a. ; the first ol these had b-en sold with the equitv oi redemption ol a mortgage of £360 to Mr. Bee by, of «;"rowa, h-r £25 ; the other block was sold to Mr. Cronin : that land was mortgaged to Messrs. Fleming and Bradley ; Cronin paid £200 for the land ; witness remembered signing an agreement ; that produced was the same ; witness in the agreement gave Mr. Pig-in security over the selections to cover a loan ol £300 ; the' 420 acres had been transferred to Cronin before this, but the understHiding was that Cronin was to return the laud ; witness did n<.t tell the examiner (Mr. H-oope) on the 2ot.li March that lie had sold the land to Piggin lor £-170 ; witness never agreed to sell the two Ji'iuore 1 docks to Mr. Piggiu. [An agreement was here produced and read over in which the witness offered to sell Piggin two 320-acre blocks for offe.u. — - - , £420.] Witness did not remember that document being read over to him ; witness still maintained that he had no bargain with Piggin for the purchase of the land ; in March witness had 19 head of cattle, 21 horses, 3 ploughs, &c.;, &c.;, besides household furniture, which he had giveni to Mr. Beebv as additional security ; witness did not know if he had this property when he made the agreement with Piggin ; witness had the horses, whi:h were mortgaged to Mr. Stewart as security for a loan of £108; the cattle and machinerv were now the property of Mr. Beebv, who had'paid about £200 for them; that was £103 of a debt previously owing to him, and £107 paid to Stewart to redeem the property ; m April witness sold some wheat to Graham Bros, for £."300 ; £100 ot this was due to that firm lor monev borrowed ; witness gave an acceptance for £101 to Mr. Beebv ; witness gave an acceptance of Graham's to Cronin to redeem another bill; witness sold some oats to Cronin at 3s. per bushel; the 320 acres and the 100 acres were transferred on the same day the acceptance was given ; witness gave every thing he- had to Mr. Beebv as security for £103 he owed him ; Beebv was not entered on the schedule as a creditor, because he had promised to help witness through this business ; he got 320 acres of land, 15 head of cattle, and witness's fanning implements for £125;, Beebv had since paid money on witness's acciiint; witness bad applied to Mrt Cronin for the sum of £136 10s., but this had not been paid ; witness once endorsed a I til 1 for £280 for the accommodation of John Foord ; the. bank was now suing on that; the hill was not, given in settlement of a debt due bv wituess lo Messrs. T. and J. C. Foord. After some further crass-examination by Mr. lloope, witness, in reply to questions from Mr. Emerson, said that when the land was sold to Cronin the improvements were not completed; the land had only baun used for grazing; it was not fenced ; witness did actually owe Stewart £100; ihe. horses mortgaged to Stewart were included in the sale to Bcuby ; Beeby had to pay oil' the mortgage ; witness believed that the promissory note signed for Foord was not for move than £100. CRICKET : ALBCRY V. MOORWATHA.—A match was played on the AHuny ground last Saturday between the Albury first eleven and twenty-two of Moorwatha, resulting iu a victory for the downriver men. The local team are evidently not yet in match form. The top score for Albury was made by C. Wilkinson with 36, J. Wilkinson coming next with 15 ; none of the other Iwismen ran into double figures. For Moorwat ha, Merrick secured first honors with 42. The following is the complete score :—Moorwatha.— \V. Bassett 7, 1, W. Pettiford 0, Shingler 0, Sawtell 1, S. Keid 3, J. Reid 5, F. Harrison 0, Hamilton 0, A. Sawtell 3, byes 1, leg-byes 1 ; total, 91. Albury.— Allan 2, Fnllick 2, C. Wilkinson 3G, J. Wilkinson 15, Brown 9, Warden 6, J. Day 0, D. Day 0, Williams 0, Holahan I, Dawson 0, byes 13, legbyes 1 ; total, 85. JERILBERIE.—From the local paper we learn that Dr. Lanigan, Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, arrived in Jerilderie on Satui day, the 12th inst. His lordship was met some two miles out of the town by a great many residents, who escorted him to' the Commercial Hotel. After welcoming the Bishop to this distant part of his diocese, the ladies of Jerilderie presented his lordship with a silver trowel, which was used on the following day in the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new Roman Catholic church, performed by the Bishop. An address of welcome was also read. After Mass on Sunday, a sum of £176 was collected in aid of the building fund. During bis stay in the town the Bishop was entertained at a dinner held at the Commercial Hotel. ALUORY POLICE Counx.-At this Court, yesterdav, the following cases were dealt with .J-f^Wj Coriiwell v. John Byrne.-The plaint IT (J case was head of the firm ol Comwell. Mimo aud Co., railway contractors. The defendant had been employed oil the line, and was charged with using insulting language. Mr. Emerson appeared for the plaintiff, Mr. Curtis ior the defendant Defendant was lined £3, to include all. costs. O'Sullivau v. Clarke ; claim for wages ; verdict bv consent for £14 10s., with costs. Sarah Paine was charged with keeping u disorderly house aud permitting the congregation therein ol improper characters for immoral purposes. Mr. Curtis for the defence. After some evidence ha<l lu-eu taken, the case was remanded until Monday. FIRE AT COROWA.—About 11 o'clock on Wednesdav night a glare was observed in the direction of Clavton's Brewei.v, Red hank, Corowa. A lew person's hastened to the scene and found the building in flames. All efforts to check the progress ot the fire were futile, and the place was completely gutted, leaving nothing but the bare brick walls. The premises were untenanted, and the origin or the fire is unknown. We {Free Pre**) learn that the proportv is insured in the Norwich Union office ior £350. DAUUN^TO.N POINT —A correspondent writes as follows :—" The i icketty punt ol which I wrote in a previous contribution has broken away from its rotten fastenings at last, and " gone floating .•nvav like a leaf' down the stream ; and may it never come back is the bcnisoii administered at everv turning. You would naturally ask what we are to do in its abselice ? Why do without of course ; and, at considerable loss of time, money, and trouble, have recourse to Gillenbah Punt, which is both safe and expeditious, though along distance from here. But better to go to any expense or distance rather than risk our lives and properly on the ricketty punt of Darlington Point. * There weie seven passengers on board when she broke away, some of whom were seized with a sort of panic, and as the punt passed an island in the Murrum'bidgee one gentleman, more nervous than the rest, jumped on lo it. The barge, 'with the rest of its devoted passengers, rushed madly on until it came in contact with the bank, where it remains. People at a distance from here can form no idea of the inconvenience and annoyance which this crossing-place gives rise to ; and the sooner it is remedied the better for all parties concerned. The post office is on the noith side, therefore those living on the south have to go for their letters and papers, aud words would fail to describe anything like the misery which crossing the river entails. What with waiting half a day or more to be put over, the danger and insecurity is something dreadful. As one instance out of many to show what may be expected to happen, I may mention that the other day a hawker named Mr. Coleman (well-known on the Murrumbidgee) essayed to cross his waggon, which was pretty heavily loaded, and in doing so, entirely owing to the great rise on one side and fall on the other of the approaches, strained one of his axles, the wonder being that the waggon was not smashed to fragments ; but add to this that he had to pay 7s. for punt dues (just twice as much as at Gillenbah, where everything is safe and convenient) and 15s. to a blacksmith at the Punt Hotel for straightening the injured axle-tree —which took about an hour to do—and your nailers may form a pretty fair idea of the dangers, delay, and extortionate charges of the Darlington Point- crossiug- place. We have had a good deal of rain here lately, and the country and stock is in splendid order, as also the scanty harvest. I am glad to be able to state that the presence of Mr. Gallagher seems to put a check to the constant scenes of ruffianism and debauchery which for a long time disgraced this place. Considerable speculation is indulged iu as to the identity of your humble correspondent, and it is not a little amusing (to me) to hear the various opinions which his phillipics give rise to. But by far the best of the fun i6 the fact that his remarks about the publichouses have so faithfully hit the mark that vows of vengeance are freely indulged in ; and the beauty of it all is, that they openly accuse a gentleman at Darlington, of whose innocence 1 am perfectly aware aud vet powerless to swear, without subjecting myself to a species ot martyrdom for which I scarcely feel lit. However—to use a rather slang expression I heard the other day—I can assure them all that they " are barking up the wrong tree." The persistent persecution of the selector Harrington by his apparently unsatiable enemy gives rise to a considerable amount of indignation about here, and I think there is a desire to assist him ; at any rate I hope so, for unity is undoubtedly strength, and as the case is one which touches the interests of every selector, I trust they will as a body come noMv lo the rescue. LARCENY.—At the Albury Police Conrt, on Saturday, Charles Lockwood was charged with larceny. Mr. Curtis appeared lor the prisoner. Constable Bracken deposed : The prisoner was given into my custody yesterday afternoon for stealing from a store by a man named Bolton ; I arrested prisoner lor stealing two pairs trousers, a hat, and a pair of boots ; prisoner said they were thrown out by a man named Martin, and lie (prisoner) picked tliem up and chucked them over the fence ; prisoner was under the influence of drink at the time. Edward Bolton deposed : I am in the employ of Daniel Tuomy, storekeeper at Vineyard Hill; the prisoner was at my employer's place yesterday ; he came about 11 o'clockand remained until he was given in charge ; he was drinking ; I served him with about a dozen pints or glasses of grog ; there is a partition between the publichouse and the store ; the articles produced were hanging on a line near the doorway ; I saw the prisoner pull the articles off the line and walk off; I followed him, and found one pair of trousers in his breast and the rest of the articles in a bag which he was carrying ; I told prisoner I would give him in charge ; he did not say anything ; prisoner was iu the habit of frequenting the place. Cross-examined by Mr. Curtis, witness stated that prisoner WOB staggering from the effects of drink and took the articles in full view of witness, whom prisoner 'must hav^: seen unless ho were blind. John Tuomy deposed : I manage the store and pumichouse for my father at the Vineyard Hill; prisonerhad no authority to take the articles produced, which are my father's property, from the store ; I identify the articles l>y my father's private mark rtlie boots produced I know because I brought wiem from Melbourne lor my own use, but they did not fit tne; I value the whole of the articles at something under £2 I did not serve the prisoner with any drink yusterday; I did not miss the goods. At this stage of the proceedings the Bench held that the prosecutor had been contributory to hisowu wrong. The evidence showed that the prisoner had got drunk at prosecutor's publichouse, and then, whilst drunk, had gone in jroad daylight and in view of the storeman to tako the things. Case dismissed. CONCERT AT GURMANTON.—We draw attention to an advertisement elsewhere announcing a concert to be held shortly at Germanton in aid of the Alburv Hospital. SHEEP rou NEW SOUTH WALES.—Six thousand good looking store sheep belonging to Mr. Rutherford, of Peechelba. passed through Wangaratta for a station on the New South Wales side on Mouday, and another 6000 from tho same flock follows. Also on the Monday afternoon one of the prettiest flocks of fat sheep and lambs, numbering about 350, and belonging to Mr. Flynu, of Estcourt, crossed the bridge in the other direction, being hound for Mr. J. Jones' paddocks on the Three Mile. They were in magnificent condition. THE " IuiusiRATED AUSTRALIAN NEWS."— The current number ot the Illustrated Australian Nem came to hand a few Jdays since. It opens with a view oi" the Williamstown Sailor's Rest, an establishment opened on the Queen's Birthday by the Chief Justice of Victoria. The next engraving is entitled " The City Flower Mission," and represents the ladies engaged in this charitable work about to start forth on their weekly visitation o! the Melbourne hospitals and benevolent institutions. We have then a view of Mandeville Hall, Toorak, the very handsome mansion recently erected by Mr. Joseph Clarke at a cost of £30,000. To judge from the representation before us, the structure must be a very imposing edifice indeed. The next illustration purports to represent the late latal encounter at Dubbo between Senior-sergeant Wallings and a horse- stealer whom he was endeavoring to arrest. The details of the pictnre are sufficiently exciting to satisfy the most exacting lover of the sensationaL To this succeeds "The South Melbourne Bowling Green," which in turn is followed by a series of sketches under the general heading of " Passing Events." The series includes the following:— "The Brenium Fish Torpedo," "Naval and Military Sport®," and " The' Battle of the Docks." 4 1 Lake Kinu from Eagle Points is a pretty bit of landscape, showing all the characteristics of Gippsland scenery. The other engravings comprise "Funeral of the late Mr. Justice Stowe," some bits of New Zealand and Tasinanian scenery, and an engraving of the new Theatre Royal at Adelaide, South Australia. This, we understand, was opened in March last, under the lesseeship of Mr. G. Johnson, of Melbourne. The theatre is said to be oneof the handsomest in the Australian colonies. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements appearing for the first time in the present issue, exclusive of those more particularly referred to in special paragraphs:—A reward is offered for a bay ponv strayed from Corowa. Jindera Mill Hotel is for sale. Cheap excursion fares will begin on the Victorian railways on 1st November. The Wonder of the Times is at Cheapside House. Morveu races will be held on 17th November. Sawyers are wanted, Mr. North has arranged to conduct Mr. Steel's auction sales. A reward is offered for a bay mare. Mr. Culley will hold a large auction sale at Urana on "Wednesday, 6th November. Messrs. O. J. Moore and Co. will sell at the Globe Hotel on Thursday, November 14th, a valuable farm near Mayfield. Jerra Jerra races take place next Saturday ; Tumbarumba races on Boxing Day. A tea meeting at Howlong on Wednesday, 13th November. £5 reward for a heavy colt stolen from the railway line. Mr. Perrott offers a larm ot 2-00 acres with 300 acres assri^ht for sale at Corowa ; an 80-acre farm at Wodonga is also for sale. Tenders are invited for a weatherboard house, also for redgum timber, and for labor in mowing an oat crop. On Saturday Mr. E. A. Hope will hold a sale of stock at the pound yard, Wodonga. Mrs. Whiteman, late of Moorwatha, has taken the premises lately occupied by Mr. Matthews in Olive-street, for the purpose of carrying on therein the business of a private boardiug-houBe. The races at Eight-mile Crei'k take place on 9th November; a full programme appears elsewhere. Mr. Hope announces that if certain goods bought from him on 23ri inst, are not taken away and paid lor they will be sold at the purchaser's risk. Mr. P. Griffiths announces bis intention to sell a mare left at his stables if it be not removed. Mudge and Another announce a sale by auction at TutLemill's Hotel, on Saturday next, of some valuable land at Mountain Creek. At Howlong, on Tuesday next, the same firm will sell draught horses, &c.; Mr. John M'Donald, butcher of Kiewa-street, advertises meat aud small goods of the best description. The funeral of Mr. James Reid will leave the hospital at 3 p.m. to-day. Anvicu TO MOTHEBS!—Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering ivith the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle of Mns. WINBLOW'S SOOTHING Sraur. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces nat ural, quiet sleep, by relieving' the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it soften the giims, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, arid is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arlsiug from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Sootliiug Syrup is sold by Mcdicine dealers everywhere at Is. ljd. per bottle. Manufactured at 493 Oxford-street London.—[ADVT,] THE WOOW-OOMOOLOO OUTRAGE.—The sensa- I'nna! account published l«Bt week in the Sydney FivrttfW of an attack upon ayounglady in an mnibus turnsout to be nothingtnorehorless than romance. The • Assays:—«;No such occurr- ' * took place. The affair was related AS given snitli all its glaring contradictions and absurdi- • The vouiig Jady in (question appears to have iventiw powers very fully developed or an im- ','A'on likely to be much excited by the frolics ![]iif jarlies. What was related was a disgrace lo the city, and we are glad it has been proved ''THE RBV. A. G. FRY.—The Herald reports tint the children's annual flower service was con- M«l, o" Sunday afternoon last, in the Balniaiii /vncromtional Church, by the ltev. A. G. Fry, S by the Rev. U. T. Hills. The church ft* crowded to excess, eveh to the gallery, aisles, mil pulp' 1 Bte l ls ' decorations adorned the building, and each young person carried a bou- (0Ct. Mr. Fry's address was based upon the characteristicsthe following flowers: The daisy, camellia, dodder, and a piece of thyme. At the dose of the service, at the request of the speaker, the children held up their bouquets, and from end en<i the church had the appearance of a very beantilul garden. The flowers were subsequently collected, in order that they might be sent to the Infirmary on the following morning. JUVENILE TEMPLARS, COROWA.—A very interesting meeting took place on Friday evening Ia6t in the Temperance Hill, l^nmu-n the nofminn jieinj the opening of I of Juvenile Templars, „ Lofce of the world. The instituting officer was D.D, G.W.C.T., Bro. Swindleliurst, assisted by the past officers of the Crusade Lodge. Fortythree members were enrolled, the members being from eight to sixteen years of age. The young templars seemed to be thoroughly impressed with tic importance of what they were doing, the interest reaching its height when the really liandfane regalia was fitted on the youthful officers, andcach was led away to enter on his or her new duties. The service was enlivened by vocal music, which was rendered in a creditable manner by the children. The Temple was effectively addressed by the instituting officers ; also bv Bro. Holman, P.C.T., and P.C.R., all the speakers congratulating the youngsters on tbe_ step they had taken, and urging them to keep the'ir pledges. WANGAUATTA POLICE COURT.—On Monday, before Messrs. Bickertou and Myers, J.P.'s, John Bromi was charged with lunacy, wandering at large in the shire of Tarrawingee. The defendant said he was perfectly sane. Edward Grilly, senior-constable stationed at Tarrawingee, deposed that he arrested prisoner on Friday the 16th, at Tarrawingee; he was almost in a nude ftate when I arrested him ; his feet were cut and bleeding; he said he had torn his shirt off to put oil his feet, and bis trousers were over his shoulders ; he said be had a conversation with Her Majesty the Queen about a quarter of an hour a?'i. The defendant said the latter portion of the constable's evidence was perfectly correct. The prisoner was remanded for medical examination. THE'VICTORIAN EDUCATION Brr.L.—On Tuesday Sir John O'Shanassy, in an able and exhaustive speech of two hours and a quarter, moved the second reading of his bill for amending the Education Act. The hon gentleman was listened to witli the utmost attention by a full House and crowded galleries, and. considering the admittedly hostile feeling ol his audieuce. the impression he made was complimentary to his earnestness and the clearness aud vigour of his statement The argument., however, though a masterly and comprehensive summary of the opinions of the opponents of national secular education, contained nothing original, simply because the question has previously been discussed to barrenness. The ton. gentleman, however put the case ot his denomination as forcibly and moderately as its merits admitted. The Minister of Education replied, and was emphatic in his defence of the act in its entirety. He challenged the hou. member for Belfast to appeal to the question on the question, and asserted, that tfa division were taken on the bill, not a dozen votes would be given for it iti the Assembly. As it was 11 o'clock when Major Smith finished, Mr. J. G. DuftY moved the Mjouraiuent of the debate until Wednesday, the J'Jth mst., which, alter some discussiou, was Weed to. ' / I.MEHCOUWJAL RAILWAY COMPETITION.—IN »aaarticle under the above heading a Melbourne contemporary has the following ;—The saving »flicli the Riveriua squatter can make—so Jong ^ the rates of carriage in the two colonies remain ^ tliey are—by. sending his stock to Sydneyin- «ea<l of to Melbourne mav be shown bvdetniliug tw particulars of two sales of sheep which were actually effected not long n-o, the one in Melbourne, and the other in Svdney—Uie station rom which they were sent being equidistant from ine two places. The flock sent to Melbourne numbered 2510, and were delivered there at a of £308 17s. The flock sent to Svdney numoeied 4829, and when the sheep were sold the marges upon them only amounted to £259 3s.— m other words it cost about £40 more to take « J sheep to Melbourne than to convey nearly uouute that number from the same place' to Svdli ,. charges on the Melbourne cluded in wfc. there was certainly a sum of £95 2s. 6d. for v i 5 ""Ruining that th«> larger number sold in Miney had been sent to Melbourne free of dutv, y transit would sti 1 (have cost the owner £415 2<. magainst the £250 3s. which he paid for their ^eyance to Sydnev—in other words bv selling -yiUeep instead of in Melbourne, he cxflctlv "1 £155 19s. Od.y irrespective of the dutv, the ^ obtainable in both markets at the" time I us nearly as possible the saine. A's a matter c t > however, there was nn import dutv in Vic- > at the time of the sale, at the rate of 9d. per which he also saved. . Had the sheep en- Uctoria he would have been called upon to lurther sum of £181 Is. 9d., by way of duty ttion to the other chaises,' so that bv pret«e market of Sydutsy to that of Melbourne he saved ^altogether 110 lcsstlmu £337 Is. 3d. bincei that time the duty on sheep has beeu reducud from 9d. to Gd.per head, but at the present time supposing the rating market price Were as it was then, the same in the two cities, the owner of the suoep would be a gainer BV £226 14B. if he sold thein. in Sydney instead of in Melbourne, WRETCHED LIFE ON A FREE SELECTION.—On Monday, the 7th inst. (says u correspondent of the Herald, writing from Brisbane Water) there was held an inquest at Wainberale, before Mr. Edward Reeve, District Coroner, touching the death of Mary Anne Blake, wife of Patrick Blake, bushman,, and heriufant child. It appears from the evidence adduced at the inquest that on the Saturday previous information reached the Police Magistrate, who was then about to proceed to the scene of the wreck of the Rebecca, that a newly born infant died during the previous night, anil that the mother was then lying in a precarious aud most deplorable condition at the free selections, Wainberale. The Police Magistrate, accompanied by senior-sergeant Malarky, at once proceeded to Wainberale, and dispatched a medical man, accompanied by constable Preston, lo the Rebecca. On the arrival of the police magistrate at Wainberale, he found that the mother had expired a few minutes subsequent to the departure of the messenger.. The scene that presented itself to the view of the magistrate on entering the house was one of the most deplorable and sickening that could be conceived. There was not an article of furniture to be seen. The bedding consisted of a few filthy old gunny-bags fit only to be thrown on the dung-heap. The husband had gone into Gosford,. ostensibly to procure medical assistance, but got drinking, and did not return until Sunday morning to find his wife aud child dead. The two bodies had been decently laid out by some of the neighbors. Mrs. Ann Crane (wife of Mr. W. Crane, free selector) stated that the eldest of Blake's children came to her (Mrs. Crane's) house aud said its mother was very ill, and that the babv was lwni. Oil her arrival at Blake's hut Mrs. Craue found the deceased (Mary Ann Blake) lying on the bare earthen floor with the infant beside her. The child, who was only a poor emaciated object, and never opened its mouth, expired in 12 hours after its biitu. Alter the evidence, which was very voluminous, the coroner carefully and lucidly summed up. The jury, by their foreman returned the following verdict: " That at her residet.ee, at the free selection, near Wamberale, Mary Anne Blake, on the 3rd day of October, 1878. being pregnant at that time, and for some months previous in a very weak and infirm state of health generally, it so happened that she was prematurely delivered of a male child, which said child on the following day—Friday, the 14th instant—from weakness and from natural causes, and from those alone, died about 12 hours after its birth. And further that the said Mary Ann Blake, after the birth of the said child, died on Saturday, the 5th day of October, of natural causes, and not otherwise; and the jurors further accord their strong condemnation of the disgustingly unfeeling and neglectful conduct of Patrick Blake, the husbaad of the deceased, during the last illness of his wife the said Mary Ann Blake." The coroner, who had issued his warrant lor the interment of the deceased, thanked the jury lor their attendance, and expressed his intention to endeavor to get the children admitted into one of the orphan asylum®. The bodies of the deceased were interred at the Catholic Burying Ground, Point Frederick, Gosford, on Monday, the 5th instant. Mrs. Blake was attended to and cared for by Mrs. Crane and other neighbors during her last illness. The free selection oil which Blake lives came into his possession through his wife, aud but for the cursed drink his home might have been as happy as any of the many happy bushmen's homes in the district, for he was an expert woodman, nnd could, according to bis own showing, earn £1 per day. Two of the children are now-at East Gosford, cared for by Mr. James Brown, whose hand is ever exteuded to the distressed and afflicted. THE BRISBANE SWINDLER.—Seth L. Peteison, late deputy-registrar at Brisbane, whose apprehension near Tenterfield we recorded in our last issue, sent the lollowing circular to his numerous victims just before he absconded :—" X am awaiting arrest for appropriating moneys belonging to the Mechanics' Institute, South Brisbane, ami I have beeu raising moneys upon fictitious certificates of title, of which you have one, the security held by you being only a copy. Several charges will be brought against me, and I shall not defend,'but I now write to ask you not to take action in regard to your matter. Years must ehpse before I can hope to help my unfortunate wile and family, but every further charge will lessen the chance of my ever doilig anything for them. In their behalf I ask you not to do anything. If you lodged your deed, it would be impounded, and the Crown might have to prosecute. (Signed) S. L. PETERSON." The inquiries that have already been instituted, and the rush that has been made by holders of land to ascertain whether they are included in the swindles, have kept the officials at the Real Property Office iu full work day by day, and far into the night, the result of their reseatshes being, to the present time, the discovery that something like the sum of £20,000 lias been fraudulently raised bv this man. Necessarily there is a considerable amount of discussion as to whether the Government Assurance Fund, " which guarantees a title," can lie held responsible for this gigantic fraud. That, however; is a'question of law with which we do not intend to deal at present. • Too MANY STOCK AGENTS.—A northern seaport town, which (says the Qtieenslandcr) need not be particularislid more than by' paying that it is not ript to hide its own light hnder a bushel, has lately budded'out into a perfect forest of stock and station 'agents. Now Mr. MacShorthdrn, a long- headed, wealthy, freehold squattier of Victoria, having, like many others, come to the conclusion that that minute southern colony was no longer a safe field for the capitalist, was taking a tour of the colonies, ill search of pastures new, and ill dlto tiltrt arrived at our northern town. A f«r n m 1,5,11 the d « a -V after ,lis arrival said, Well, Mr. MacShorthorn, are yon going to buv a station ?" « Nae, I am going to New Zealand by the next boat." « Why, how's that 1 You have not seen our fine western countrv yet." " I dimia mean to. 1 ha'e been round the toon, nnd Us a stock and station agents." "Well, that shows what a large trade we do with the squatting interest, and what a tine field we offer for investjnent in station properties." " Aye, man, ye may Uuiik soj hut to me it only shows what a lot of broken-aown squatters ve ha'e in toon." DETERMINED SDICIDK IN SYDNEV.—The following account of the recent suicide in Sydney is given by the Evening News of October 16 • A desperate attempt at suicide was made by a jnan named Walter Jnrvis, ut his residence in Gonlbiirn-street, a few doors off George-street, at about 8 <i clock this morning. Jarvis is a man 52 years ol a«e, ail enginelitter by profession, and the owner of a considerable amount of property. He has also a wife and a lamilv of seven children. Nothing whatever indicative of suicide was per. coivcd in his manner of late, excepting his great instability, and « grasping avarice lor money. Although a thoroughly competent tradesman, and m affluent circumstances, he aud his lamilv reside in a miserable house, which -is wretchedly furnished. Last evening his wife a verv respectable woman, complained to him of the poorness of their dwelling aud of his niggardliness in not affording herself and family domestic comforts in accordance with his meaus. This incensed him to such a degree of anger that she was foreed to fly Jroiu him and take refuge during the night in one of the neighbor's houses, not returning till she had been told the dreadful news. This morning he was missed, and one of his sons, to his horror, discovered a pool of blood in the underground apartment of the house. Traces of blood were also found leading to a back bed-room, the door of which was locked. On opening the window the son observed his father lying on the lied with a ghastly wound across the throat. Entrance was instantly effected, and Dr. Day, followed by Dr. Egan, were soon in attendance and dressed the wound. The gash had evidently been inflicted with a razor, which was found by his side bearing marks of blood. The victim muttered a few words, but they were unintelligible. It is believed that a fit of remorse must have succeeded his anger on the previous eveniug, and in that state he applied the razor to his throat in the cellar, afterwards proceeding up the steps to the bedroom to die." [We have since learned that Jarvis is dead.] DROUGHT.—South Australia suffered severely as her neighbors from the drought. The report of Chief Inspector Valentine, for the first half ol the current year, ending June, and the figures submitted tell a tale regarding the losses of cattle, sheep, and horses during the dry weather ; and, in cases, the equally severe losses that occurred after rain fell, and stock were injured bv the abundance of rich feed which followed so closely after the scarcity. Mr. Valentine's comments in this connection are worthy of attention as indicating a necessity of preventing stock from having unlimited run of rich young feed, after a time of senii-starvation. " Hove" proved very destructive, and especially amongst the sheep and stock of farmers. Poison plants are also blamed for considerable destruction, but the informal ion ^concerning ilu-m, beyond the mere mention, is vague, us such reports are usually. Fluke is reported as an existing cause of disease, but not as increasing. South Australia is reported free from M- ,b. PJeuro is rather prevalent, and again fanners' stock is reported as suffering most severely. But it is added that as a rule all parties are found de.-irons and industrious in cooperating with the Government officers in checking and suppressing disease. Mr. Valentine has a complaint against the New South Wales and Queensland overlanders who bring into South Australia supplies by the Barrier and Northroutes. They do not in all cases wait for inspection, but push on, and are not easily stopped owing to the weakness of the South Australian inspecting parties. " Three drovers had been arrested and fined, and this, it is hoped, will have a deterring effect upon otLers who may be disposed to evade the law. Wc trust the hint will be taken, and that the regulations laid down by our neighbors will be respected while they have the force of law. A TRIAL GALLOP.—A lively kind of scene was enacted the other morning in the vicinity of the Sr. Aloans (Victoria) training grouud. It had been rumoured the day before that there was to be a trial of speed between the racehorses Miletaand First King. This contest was fixed to take place at the break of day, in order that no one but those interested should lie made acquainted with the merits of the horses. A bookmaker who had gained considerable notoriety iu this district, he aring of the intended trial, determined to become possessed of all the earliest and most reliable information. Accordingly with a friend he repaired to the locality where the horses were to be tested, and under the cover of the early morning they secreted themselves iu a hedge commanding a view of the race-course. At the first streak or light on the eastern horizon the intruders observed with a considerable amount of nervous excin'iuent the cautious approach of Mr. James Wilson, senr., with a guu in his hand. Mr. \\\ ilson was evidently examining the hedge to see how the acacia bushes were growing. The touters had a long start of the well-known sportsman ; they felt suddenly impressed with the desirability of a nobbier to keep out the colli, and in a few seconds' time they could be seen hurriedly making lorlhe While Swan Hotel with the owner of the tiaining ground in full chase a long way astern. It is needless to say (writesthe Geelong Advertiser) that the men " in the ditch " succeeded in getting away unhurt, and that they did not return to St Albans. NEW ENGLAND.—A New England correspon^ deiit of the Herald says :—It is not generally known that at the southern extremity of these New England tin-fields there is also a diamond mine. It is situated iu the direction of the Lion's Den, towards Bendeiueer, and the mine wae worked about four years ago by three New England gentlemen of good position, who, having invested capital in oue of Hunt's Diamond Saving Machines, worked it themselves, and the number of diamonds collected by them withiu the space of a weeks time was as surprising as gratifying. The diamonds were sent to Europe to be disposed or, and were readily sold, as they are largelv used in many of the mechanical sciences. Yet, strange to say they did not pay as a commercial speculation; still the enterprise, as an experiment, was highly interesting ; certainly they obtained but very few of what are known as clear water diamonds adapted to jewellery purposes ; and these too, were very small; yet the dull and cloudy diamonds are equally serviceable for works in science and art; nor does color detract from their value iu this line, although they are found of every hue and shade. A veritable diamond mine can be described as a mere streak of alluvial seldom exceeding a few inches iu width, and generally found on the slope of a mountain or range. The gems are invariably surrounded by a peculiar aud very remarkable grit, or gravel, embedded in a fine graiued cement of a conglomerate resembling lime aud ironstone grit. Stray diamonds that have broken away and drifted are occasionally found by miners, especially while washing for gold. THE NOMENCLATURE OF CATTLE.—At the last annual general meeting of the Shorthorn Society of Great Britain, the council drew the attention of the members to the inconvenient practice adopted by many breeders of naming their bull calves after a bull of a well-known and valuable tribe that had been used iu the herd, thus leaving it to be inferred that the calf is of the same tribe as its sire, and also causing duplicate entries of the same name. We have noticed frequent instances of the same practice in our colonial herd books. There is another reprehensible practice in these colonies of copying names of living Bires; thus, for instance, in the Queensland portion of the herd book about to be published, we were shown several Grand Turks of Speke, and any number of Young Turks of Speke. Whilst on the subject we would suggest whether it would not be well for some of our breeders to strike out a new line of family names for themselves. As it is, a veiy large" proportion of the names in use give no cue as to the particular tribe to which they are related ; and in many instances, contrary to the English custom, the names of females are formed from the name of the sire. Several of our herds are old enough to have established " tribes " peculiar to themselves, and yet we do not remember to have heard of names such as " Duchess of Yandilla," " Rose of Buaraba," or " Cressbrook Gwynne." Again, some of our native nauies might furnish breeders with bold euphonious names for 6ires, both of horses and cattle, instead of copying English names over and over again, thus creating confusion in the stud and herd books. We wonder how often such names, for instance, as Whisker, Sir Hercules, aud Premier ajipear in our stud books and turf guides. A NOVEL VIEW OF SAN FRANCISCO.—San Francisco (6ays the Argonaut) calls itself a city ; but a city it is not. We delight to style ourselves cosmopolitan; cosmopolitan we are not A cosmopolite is a citizen of the world, one whose home is in every place and who is attached to none. We have no such population. Now and then a stranger comes and goes ; now and then are seen in our streets the strange garb of 6ome foreign person ; but the great bulk of our people are fixtures; some are fossils. Ours is a great, gossiping country village, smaller than a city and larger than a hamlet. Everybody knows everybody ; everybody knows the business of everybody else ; good society has only one circle ; business men are all cogs of the same revolving machinery ; the city has only one centre where loungers and loafers meet, only one place where business converges. Its press are cats and dogs iu the same basket. Its politicians flounder iu the same filthy pool. The l-eal fact is we are the smallest email-potato of a city in the United States of America. This come6 from our isolation ; we are so far from the world's great centre, eo removed from the great throbbing arteries of trade and commerce, that we have but little in sympathy with the bustling active world in which we do not live. Ours is a little side eddy in the great rushing stream of life where, like chips and bottles and apples, we swim around each other in eddying circles, exclaiming, " Behold how we apples swim 1" Every shower is a storm, every breeze a tempest, every agitation an earthquake, every incident a sensation. We go from the depths of despair to the dizzy heights of over- sanguine expectation ; to-dav we are in the doldrums, to-morrow on* tiptoe with exultant hope. Stocks are down, real estate declines, business is dull, aud long-visaged mourners go about the streets. Stocks go up, real estate advances, business improves, and in anticipation the town smokes two-bit cigare, every gambler buys a last team and drives to the Cliff. Like children we are tickled with straws, like school girls we are scared at ghosts. Some small scandal will amuse us for a day, but there is no scandal so small that it will not ripple through the whole circle of society from centre to circumference. One little sensation succeeds another in quick succession, each sufficient for the time to absurd the entire attention of the entire town. When we are in the dumps we are the bluest of the blue, and think then that San Francisco is goiug to be desolated and ruined by Frazer River, Goat Island, or Oakland, when we are not, we boast in tones of loudest exultation of our future glowing prospects, of the trade of the 'Orient, of gold ana grain, of inexhaustible resources of wine^ and wool, of huge vegetables, of a climate were flowers bloom every month in the year, of the apple and the pine apple; the olive and the vine, ot milk and honey, and nil I'B couUnr dc rose. 