) T H E P H A N T 0 M: M I-N-E E. )) ' if A ,itori/ of the old gold digflng ddj/s.) ( "TsLLyou a-.ghosfc story,"-. said niy 'uncle : Ned, a hale old J gentleman of 70 yc.ars. ' "Well, I 'will' rebate a peculiar f. affair that happened on Talltnans Gully, in 1859." \ We were .all attention, .and listened' to the' very remark - r able harrativb he related in the following m.anner : ) " You must know," commenced my uncle, " that I and \ \ four mates were living in .a tent on the b.anks_ of the / f' river — living, I said, I should have c.allcd it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. After our cvcryday's / t- t . 1.4., I I wuiK., yuu iHfiy ULisuru wo wore iiiuti j uuu ) cvciy night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick, about fifty yards from our canv.as home. This coufounclcd noise always commenced at midnight, and did I not cease until the break of d.ay. One night wc were k determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in (he r bright moonlight, and saw a figtirc in a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, h.ard .at work by an old .cl.aiin which had been deserted for many years. I w.as r chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noi.sy digger; ) but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, C tr.ansiixcd with horror, — for the wearer of tho diggei''s / clothes was no It ring man, hti.t a skeleton J " Uncle Ned 1 " wc all cried, " how fearful." C ; "One night, our tent was visited "by a handsome, well- to-do looking man, of about fifty years of _ age, who )> enquired for, a digger of whom wc knew nothing about. . He told us that in '51 he and a mate' of his deserted from ' one of Her M.ajesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans ) gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few . months", when the nevv'co.ine'r went down to Melbourne to r see .about some letters. -Before he ivciit, he said to his ) mate, 'Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the ' cl.aim for a d.ay .until I come hack.' Bob promised, , and r they parted, 'jwenb down to Melbourne,'- .said the ex- ) digger,- and there was arrested as .a deserter, and sent on ' board ;;. arid now that I have obtained my discharge, _ I r h.ave hastened up here to find my old chain.' 'You will > .see"'hiih-tofuight,' I said; ' but you'll find him very much ' chapged.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the ' pharitom'sqiick w.as heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah 1 ' I cried the . sailor, ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I am back. -Bob, spe.ak to me.' He rah to the figure, which I turned its hideous face on him. With a loud shriek the seeker fell senseless on the .grouiid.' The. gliBsb threw down its pick, .and v.anished. "In the morning' wc discovered the poor sailor a raving lunatic." . " Oh, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." \- " Well, yon asked mc to ' tell you a storg, and I have done SO;-", ? - X/i , . --j , ? "' Then," it is'hbt' true?" ' ' ' " Well, said- our uncle, laughing, " it is as tiaio/as many of the absurd yarnsdliab obmbout,; during the raging of the-.gold fcyef..,- All,, tho.so. were sti-angc daj's, when men would undergo any amount of i privation for a few ounces of.gold.. X.Hdw diffcrei how; for shpuld .a, man be pushed for, a larg''YQr,.smaII amount all that, he has to do is to havh ah inter view .with " . ' DAVID HENRY, 6f 52 Collins Street east. Who has froni, rfiu to,.ie,l,0;000 tblend'onhotesof hand.bills of sale..(wdtK; or without -security), salary orders, life policies,; certificates, ;clcb bill, of lading, legacies, goods, merchancliseV bh Cxperitecl reiriittances. or on moneys per sons m.ay be entitled.tp.from England and elsewhere, etc., re)-)ay.able to, suit the convenicrice of borrowers. Bills disco'uhtcci daily at the -lowest rate of interest, and mortgages from" G per cent. 