NEWS BY THE MAIL. THE WAR. 1 Constantinople^ December-19.- [From onr Constantinople Correspondent.] Puncheums np the position in a cartoon published a fortnight ago, '' Tightening the Grip." The month has beenoneof ahnost uninterrupted • progress for the Russians, the crowning success of the war. being of conrse the capture of Plevna. : "When my last letter went we.had jnst heard. of the fall of Ears. Private despatches to ^ the Embassies had brought the news. It was, however, so important, and implied sach a 'severe reverse to the Government, that thej not only denied, or, what was the same thing, stated that they had no news of it, bat stopped the- entry of all Greek newspapers lest the people shodld learn the news and the particulars of. the fall a few days earlier. The impression the news made when it became fully known was a very depressing one^ and the effect of the 'disaster was not exaggerated. ,- , '. . '-•- \- The fall of Ears gives the Russians' an enormously strong base of operations in Asia Minor. Without-going so. far' as some of the: English papers do, and saying that it means tho entire-- conquest of Armenia, there can he no doubt that' it makes that coiujuest mdeh easier than it would otherwise have been'.. MelikoS lost no • time in sending forward all the troops'he could spare to attack Brzeronm. '.A-'week ago all thecoh-espondents had left except Mr. OTtonovan,. who represents the Zknly lfetps, and his opinion is that this fortress : ,mnst' inevitably fall to the Riissians. The .one thing, which', coold have saved it would have been that the Turks should • have sent forward supplies to Trebizonde. They. made every effort to do sb, arid probably within - the last month not less than 15^000 mgn have been shipped to.Trehizomie for T the lrelief of Erzerbirm a^od of Mnktitai fash&'g drm; tally. Three days ago, however, we learned that- the 'Russians have taken possession of the road between Erzeronm ami Trebizonde, 'and have, fortified it In ,such a manner as to. make it next to -.impossiblefor the Turks to break tlWfr way through. Today it is rumoured that Mukhtar Pasha has left Eiieroum, and' riinngVi I have been unable t»' trace'the rumour to a trustworthy source I am. inclined to believe that it is true. If this be so the game cf Mukhtar Ghazi Pasha, the " Vlctorion8," is - nearly at an end. . Once Brzerouin. is in possession of the Russians the war ia Armenia may be regarded as at an end. ' Will Russia 'be allowed to take : poraeabi66 of Armenia > That is a questaoU wluch all of "ua are now asking. My imjKFession is that she will: certainly retain Batoom -and the. district roond about it, <possibly, though not X think prObably, even as- far ;-as- Ears.- Satoom and the district ronnd about it will be the latest portion Of the price Which Russia; wiH .exact for coercing Turkey. ItB cession does riot soimd vety great, but is pf real importance to' Russia. She has spent-an enormous snm of inoney 'in making _a port at Poti for communication with her As&tfy; possessions and Persia,' and, yet has entirely, fail fed in makingagoodtMreven a 'safe: one. Moreover, the back : country from Poti is of bo hilly a bature that even if l»r>bour had proved a success ; it could never have given Russia easy access the.places she wants to get at. The harbour of BAtoum is not -only the best, but the tonly harbour en the east or the jBouth of -the Bt&ck; Sea, whose jiioBpHablo shores play sad havofc every year with &e; hundreds of little Greek iand lazastai* vessels which trade around, them. Moreover, behind Batoum -is a natntrtd read ihtio tha- iuterier,- Which Siissia has probtely te^eMietea. : ihavehohteitetionmsayihg- ttit^ if shomd take Annie ma it w3l be-ama^cMiiae^ far the AzfawnSata.'' AJreadj* bmcaaffer- - tiMSdltan. m. 'Soeifi%ntMHs-'i»' going: imTuifei&fe;&nft;^'ttHDQb^ . : only trio j^Lppy W weima- fram their ish A^hliims m • Afrmeaia binkifcSii W m^ai iMimiaa -tkaPBan^een . . Tfc-kfej, bit «tefter Ito ooaditloa is, Wf of 1 Alifi^tfr' ^ " V M i L ' - .u fH TmiMIi'"! tnitawi : fk tai jiini'lfcij'l esUblldied Uugumht* is Italy, m Bfanwllea. and MwrWir. feindkk. «oov«her take high poritkws trmm their hriiw aptttades. Ia Sukej all that they ik to to let alone because they are Christiana. However, they have been subjected to every form of iniquity and oppression. Their wiv«.-s and daughters, their property, their very lives, have not been safe. It has .never been pretended by anybody that there 1MS been among them for many years any sign of rebellion. They are too far dispersed, have tod too many Kurds "planted among them, and lave been too long ground down even to enterlain the idea. In spite of this, however, when war was declared by Russia the Kurds and Turkish population was let loose among them, and perpetrated worse atrocities than aroused all England when they were committed last year in Bulgaria. The one crime of which this people were guilty—lb cannot be repeated too often because it is a key to the Eastern question—was that they were Christians. Pmlo-Iurks in flnglimd may talk as they like, but they can never alter the fact that the sole reason for the misgovernment of the races ol Turkey, the fons 4t origo mali, the reason both near and ultimate of the war is that' the Moslem conscientiously believes that the Christian ought to be oppressed in time «f peace, to he pat to death in time of war. For my own part I must confess that I should have been glad to see the Armenians invited into anautonymous province instead of being absorbed into the dreary despotism of Russia. X have spoken with many Armenians and find that all of them have the same idea. They have their own national Church, their own^ ancient literature, their own language and traditions of their once famous history, and they fear that in the course of not many years they will cease to be a distinctive naiionalty. When, however, the proposal is made to them of sacrificing all these things or of remaining under Turkish rule X have found none who hesitate. If Russia chooses to retain Ears there mil be this farther advantage. By so doing she runs awedge in between Asia Minor and the plains Of Cental Asia. The Turks would long since have died ont'bad they not been continually recruited from the prolific grass plains of Central Asia. The latest irruption of barbarians •which has come in to reinforce them is that of the Kurds, who ate already more numerous in Asia Minor than the Turks. Intercourse^ with their Ghristian neighbours has during six or seven centuries tamed down something no doubt of the original nature-of the Turks, but the Kurds are yet in all their origins! savage* ness. If Russia eats off the supply of these men she will give an extra chance to the Christian aborigines of the oountry, who even already notwithstanding every obstacle are yearly becoming more numerous than their masters. She will also confer the additional advantage of not swamping the Arabs of Syria, who {ram their intelligence and' industry might again under a decent Government, and notwithstanding their religion, contribute something to civilization. The crowning event of the month and of the war is of course the fall of Plevna. Just as we had all made np our minds that the Russians bad settled down to a regular siege in the oldfashioned style and to the belief that Osman Pasha, also proclaimed Ghazi or the " vic- torious," baa provisions which would enable him to bold oat until January at the least, came the news of bis surrender. When the month began the Russians were strengthemng the circle which surrounded Osman. Position after position WBS occupied until the iron ring which held him became evidently too strong to be broken from within. Thereupon the Turks reinstated the ablest soldier they possess, Mehemet Ali,» man of German origin, and dismissed to make room for Suleiman Pasha in the army which occupies the Quadrilateral because he "was a ghiaour. Mehemet Ali collected what troops be could at Sophia, and the Turks have been putting every Moslem they could get bold of into arms and sending them to him. The Russians meantime steadily workedout their plans for the capture of Plevna. The Roumanians, who, in spite of predictions from «very side to the contrary, have proved good soldiers, carried Rachova, and the Russians took Provitz and Etropol. The capture of the latter was of great importance, inasmuch as it enabled the possessors to attack an army coming to the relief of Plevna from the direction of Sophia, where Mehemet Ali had gathered bis troops. The latter shortly after fought for two days with the' Russians, and at the end of the first day 'sent to Constantinople a telegram from which we gathered that ho felt pretty confident about success on the morrow. This was a fortnight ago, but the telegram telling us of the result of the second day's fight has never yet seen the light of this capital. Up to the time of the surrender of Osman, which took pi ice on the 10th, he had been entirely surrounded and cut off for seven weeks. The capture of Gorny- Dubnik closed Plevna to all convoys. A week later the capture of Dolnv-Dubnik enabled the Russians to complete the investment. The Russians 'in carrying oat this last design upon .Plevna have displayed as much caution as the Germans did daring the last war. This conduct contrasts very remarkably with the want of caution with which they made their first attempts on that place. Every position was carefully occupied and protected. Telegraph wires have connected every point where Russian troops were etationed. Scouts were out in every direction, and for'the first time in the campaign in Bulgaria the Russian cavalry has played an important part. The line of investment was under the charge of Generals Goarko and Sbobeloff, and the result shows that the Russians have acted wisely in getting rid of their Grand ]>ukes. All the attempts of Mehemet Ali to relieve the place were foiled by the same care which bad marked the tightening of the circle of investment. When the Turkish General went to Sophia lie found the Turks in possesdon of the southern half of the road leading from that town to Plevna. He tried in vain to resist'the attempt which Goarko made to clear -the district south and west of the Orchaniesoad, and as I have said was able to take JEtropol, Provitz, and Wratza. The Turks quitted Orchanie and Retshesh, and the Attempt -which Mehemet made to effect a diver* mm altogether Soiled. The one chance which Osman Pasha had of relief lay in the effortsof Mehemet Ali. Daring the last three weeks it bad become evident that the Turks could not raise a sufficient army to enable him to recover the positions which Gourko bad taken. So hopeless indeed bad the Ctoramment become of anything which he ceold <lo that a week ago they ordered him to start for Montenegro; in other words, as the man of ghiaour origin could not save them they would send him out of the way. Upon the failure of liia attempt it-only remained to wait and see whether Qsaoan would make a desperate Attempt to break oat or would surrender. His -«wn oacountof what took place has been tele graphed to Constantinople to his brother-in-law 3Qza Bey, and was published two days ago in the '^Turkish newspapers. This is what he says, \--writing .en the r 13th" As you are probably ^awace, we were completely surrounded in :Plev®a fas- a month and a half. During the -wiufie of afchat tine we had received no aid —from «uteide, and «I1 our attempts to break -through wese. fruitless. Our provisions being ^entirely spent I felt bound to make a last effort to fcresfe through the circle of iron which girded ns round about. You know the result. 3 am »)pi»soner with tbe remnant of my brave jinny. SDhs bravery and the .dash of my soldiers jEvam glad ito say have, tbeen appreciated by the JSmpemr- ofJiussiaand his brother the Grand Duke Nicholas. A£1 our soldiezs taken prisoners are -taeated witfi kindness; oar wounded cared for -wMbbenevafence." The Tmfcs«ay that not only «teie dSmaiii/provisissia exhausted, bnt that his area (bad only fen sound* «f cartridge left J&adws; Jumself in thos position, be made his tamkJfKfl^, TheTvl*>le.of his army Jell upon the JFTMsfnn .corps -occagying the left .bonk of. the JBSser in ostler oat a passage through. d five iiouix. In the course of Oram was wonnded in the leg. The attempt -toteedutfaiMigb had apparently not the least 4fcfnn«f rfimrai.jmd Osmap, with the whole of surrendered. Everybody and every- -tMBgffp into tbe bssdsef tbe JJossians. The ftafat state tbatOsnaa bad fifty thousand men. Probably artless Jfeau faitf thousand prisoners have been *stvem by the RoisCans. It isto» 4N»*jwtto Deceive many details of the defeat* .amI tfbe Turks are naturally unwilling to allow tb« foil extent of theirdissster to become known; but its effect here has been enormous. The Government and the Turkish population were fairly Stunned by the news, and have not yet recovered from the blow. It has brought home to them the fact that they are not a match for Russia. Three months ago their victories had led them to the conclusion that they were. The careless, cruel blundering of the invading army had strengthened this belief. Moreever, the dubious voices of the English Government bad caused them to cherish the hope that if they could hold on England would at last inevitably come to their aid. Within a month all their hopes are cast down. Kars fell. Erzeroum and the loss of the whole of Armenia was threatened. If anything wonld move the English Government surely this would. The Turkish papers cried out that now England's road to India was threatened, now, therefore, they were sure of England's help. What would the English Government say ? Lord Derby did not keep the Turks long in suspense. A deputation, composed of nobodies, with Lord Campbell at their head—a man of absolutely no weight, insight, or ability whatever, who, on the ground of his having paid a short visit here two years ago, when be learned nothing and went the way to leain nothing, fancies that he understands the Eastern question—waited on Lord Derby to represent the danger to our interests from the Armenian conquests of Russia. Lord Derby not merely snubbed the members all round, but plainly told Europe and the Turks that in his opinion there was no immediate danger to British interests. What the deputation, assuming there was a thoughtful man among them, thought that the English Government could be induced to do it is a little difficult to gaess. Lord Derby's reply was, however, a most complete wet blanket for Turkish hopes. Lord Beaconsfield in his Guildhall speech had significantly dropped the word " integrity" out of his famous phrase about the integrity and independence of the Ottoman Empire, and the Turks had been dispirited at the omission. Bat they had convinced- themselves that if Armenia was really threatened would threaten in return. Then at last came the fall of Plevna. There are-signs that now at last it has dawned upon the Turks that it wonld have been better for them to have granted equality, or at least made some approaches to granting equality and the semblance of justice to the Christians. Meantime, while the Turks are still stunned by the blow, and have sent messengers to the Powers asking them to mediate, and if passible bring sbout peaoe, tbe Russians are putting forward their conditions of peace, but are also making their preparations to push on over the Balkans, and to dictate their terms at Adrianople., The "Russians have thus far disposed or two -of the three great armies which the Turks had sent out to oppose them. Mukhtar's in Asia Minor can hardly be expected to give much trouble; Osman's army is prisoner. There remains only the amy of Suleiman Pasha This was the most important in the field. It occupies tbe four fortresses which people choose to call the Quadrilateral and the surrounding country, its base being at Shumla, with divisions in Silistria, Rssgrad. and Rustchuk. The command of this army has been now several times changed, the reason for dissatisfaction being that nothing was done. Suleiman Pasha was sent to replace Mehemet Ali because in sacrificing 25,000 men in the vain attempt to take the Shipks Pass it was thought that he was a man who would at leaBt do something. Suleiman finds himself as powerless to operate as hispredecessors. AtagreatsacrificehetookElena, a small place, but of considerable importance, because it commands tbe road to Tirnova and Tirnova to the Shipka Pass. He has, however, only been allowed to hold it for ten days,and now Elena is again in the hands of the Russians, While on Saturday last the Turks were bringing the hundred and fifty prisoners, who they have to show as the trophy of their capture, their captors were being driven out. Suleiman finds himself up to the present time altogether powerless, because with a Russian army to the east of him under Zimmerman, who has 40,000 men in the Dobrudscha, and another to tne west of him under the Czarewitch, be dare not move. Now that the capture of Osman's army sets free at least 100,000 men, Suleiman will probably soon find himself attacked. His army defeated, Turkey is at the mercy of Russia and of the rest of Europe. We received word three days ago that Osman Pasha died of tbe wounds he had received in the last attack upon Plevna. To-day a doubt is ; cast upon this news. Whether living or not, he fought well and made a gallantdefence of Plevna, andtbougb defeated be deserved the eulogiums which the Emperor himself addressed to him. It is one of the pleasant incidents of this horrible war that the Russians had not only made preparations to feed the Turks who should surrender at Plevna, and were ready at . once to give them food and hot tea, to recognise them as soldiers who had fought well, but that they showed an especial kindness to their chief prisoner. I am writing without having seen any account by Europeans giving the Russian or an impartial description of the fall and the incidents which immediately succeed it; but the Turkish official journals publish the above facts, and seem greatly surprised and even touched by them. The Emperor, says the Turquie, a semi-official journal, sent his own doctor, visited Osman himself, raised bis bead, told him that his defence of Plevna would be remembered in history as one of the most gallant ever made, and promised him that he should go wherever he liked, giving his parole only that he should rot engage in the War. Neither Osman nor the Emperor seems to have imagined that bis wounds were so serious as they have apparently turned out to be. Five days ago the Servian Minister, Mr. Christich, left Constantinople. Servia has thrown off all disgoise, and has declared war. Her act will place 80/M0 men at the disposal of Russia, and will make the Russian march upon Adrianople much easier. Greece has not yet declared war; but X think there is every probability that she will do so shortly. Both Servia and Greece have been waiting for the fall of Plevna in order to declare themselves. Greece would like much to have Thessaly and Epirus; bat she fears what the Turkish fleet might be able to do against her. Her commerce is very large, ho* inland towns and villages are exposed to be bombarded, and it is by no means clear that tbe Turkish ironclads could be kept clear of tbe Piraeus itself. She is understood to have done a good deal in the way of torpedo defence, but she is naturally afraid to trust to thiB alone. The Cretans, who were understood to be waiting to receive tbe word to rise from Greece, have precipitated matters, and have Bent a manifesto to Europe, stating that again they must endeavour to obtain their independence. Their case is a clear and characteristic one. After the rising ten years ago, the Sultan consented to giant them a special Constitution. They were to have an Assembly of their own in which Christians were to be represented in proportion to their numbers, aod a variety of reforms were published, upon tbe promulgation of which Europe was content. Not one of these has been carried out. When a year ago the Cretans remonstrated, they were told that as the Sultan had granted a new Constitution for the whole of the'Empire it was unnecessary to speak any more about the old one. They were, in fact, treated- with contempt. Three or four Turkish regiments were sent down to Crete, together with a squadron, and they were threatened Things now,'however, axe changed. No sooner did the-new remonstrance come-out a fortnight ago than tbe Porte sent off in hot haste one of its Greek enjployfis on a special mission. No doubt be is authorized to nuke all kinds off air promises. Equally, of course, if they are accepted they will not be kept. ' If the Cretans actually take up arms, which np to tbe latest •coounte which have reached me they have not dooe, it.is difficult to see bow Greece can help declaring bersdf at once. She will, however, have to lose no,time if she wishes to come in for a diviiion of the spoil. Itmay be mentioned aa a significant fact that while tbe jRusgians-fcave now many thousands ol Turkish prisoners ; in their «rant^, tbe Turks cannot show alfcogetbor one thousand. The explanation is Jthat the flatter do .not ordinarily take prisoners. TheBashi-Jfrzouks, «r Turkish irregularft'wMcherer^hereaccompanyjQieanny, prowl about and Mil the wounded. 'When the attention of.Europe was called to this fact Wo o A ia given on either side. The fullest disproof of I this has, however, been given by the accounts from independent sources of the numbers of prisoners who have been sent forward into Russia and by the testimony of correspondents everywhere. Russia may be a barbarous nation, but ber Christianity has at least made ber sufficiently advanced to prevent the perpetration of this middle-age offence. Her recent example in the treatment of tbe prisoners of Plevna has already produced good fruit. Yesterday the .Sultan sent for the hundred and-fifty Russian prisoners whe^had arrived from Elena, spoke to them kindly, and gave them a small present each. One of the events which has most attracted attention during the month both here and in Europe has been the proclamation of the Sultan, by which be proposed to enrol tbe Christian population into a newly-formed civic guard. It made a certain sensation in England, and was intended to do so. It did so here also, but for an entirely .different reason. The proposal is understood to have been made by our Ambassador, Mr. Layard. The object in making it is twofold—to make Europe believe that it is intended to carry it out, and to extort money from the Christians. For many years the subject populations have asked to be enrolled in the Turkish army. Clear-headed statesmen like Lord Stratford de Redcliffe saw as well as the Christians of Turkey that military service would afford the best guarantee for the carrying out of reforms and for placing the Christians on an equality with the Moslems. Bat Turks know as well as the Christians that you cannot safely ill-treat a man with a bayonet in his hand. Though at the dictation of Europe they have promised over and over again to admit them to military service, their promises have all been broken. The famous Hatfc- humayoun given in 1856, glorified as the Magna Charta of the subject races and promulgated in the solemnest manner, carefully deposited in the most sacred reoeptacle of Turkish relics— that containing the Prophet's banner—contained this promise. It has since been repeated, and as lately as tbe Imperial decree of reform issued just two yean ago. No effect has ever been given to it. Still, the Turks have reason to know that there is a certain class of people in Europe who will still believe them, and they therefore again make the promise. It has not the slightest chance of being carried out during the present war. . Tbe Turks have no intention of carrying it out. They dare not carry it out. They would at tbe present moment commit suicide if they tried to carry it out, and of coarse they know this rather better than anybody else. But there are persons to whom it will be satisfactory to be able to say—" See, these Turks have no fear of the Christians. Ail these stories about subjection cannot be true, since tbe Turks are willing to trust them with arms." We all of us beard exactly tbe same kind of talk from exactly the same kind of people about the wonders the Confederates were about to perform when they armed the -slaves; just as we were informed then that the slaves were a long way better off than they would be if they were free, and as we are told now by the same people that the Christian races are not fit for selfgovernment and are better off than the peasants of Russia. So far therefore as Europe is concerned this new proposal is one more Turkish sham. It is not altogether a sham, however, for the Greeks and the Armenians. The former know perfectly well that their fellow-countrymen in Thessaly, Epirus, and Crete would only be too glad to have arms placed in their hands. Even in the capital there are not a few, and those mostly belonging to the better-educated classes, who would be well satisfied to be entrusted with arms. The Moslem population is armed. The Christians have been carefully disarmed. In case of the by no means improbable event of a Moslem rising it would be a satisfaction to know that the civic guard had as many Christians as Moslem in it, or even a smaller number. But in the capital the feeling among the Christians generally is against the proposal. The Christians feel that if it is seriously meant it comes too late, but that in all probability it is not seriously meant, even in the capital, but is a dodge to extort exemption - money. great opposition is being made to The Greek and Armenian nationalities are always communicated with through their religious assemblies, presided over in each case by the Patriarch. A fortnight ago when the Sultan's order was to be brought before the national assembly of tbe Armenian Church, a crowd of two thousand persons assembled outside the building, and held sach language that whatever tbe official beads of the community, most of whom are in the service of the Government, might have been disposed to do they were not able to come to any resolution in favour of the proposal. What the Armenians soy against it is that as they have paid a heavy tax all their lives for being exempted from military service the Government has now no right to call upon them to render it. What they mean, but dare not say, is, " You really want us to help to keep the Russians out, because they are the enemies now knocking at your gates. We do not regard them as enemies." Even, therefore, in the capital the scheme will not I venture to predict be carried into effect, and in the provinces it has not the shadow of the ghost of a chance of being realized. If it had, I believe the lower class of Turks would themselves rise in opposition to it. The old spirit of religious fanaticism is still strong among them. The bearing of arms is essentially a Moslem privilege, is strictly and expressly forbidden by their religious law, and any one who has seen, as I have done, how rigidly the religious observances of Moslemism have been kept within the last three days would have little doubt that no precept which forbids the granting of a privilege to Christians has much chanoe of being disobeyed. We are now in the midst of tbe week of Courbam-Beiram, daring which every householder sacrifices a sheep or a lamb with ceremonies very much resembling those of which the Jews made use in celebrating their Passover. Three days ago the Sultan himself performed this ceremony m the Church of the Divine Wisdom, the Agia Sophia, which after having seen nine hundred years of Christian worship has re-echoea the creed of Islam for upwards of four hundred years. But while the Turks regard this kind of religions ceremony and teaching, which involves loss of time and money, with rigour, they cling much more tenaciously arid naturally to a dogma which confers privileges upon them because of their religion and enjoins that these privileges shall not be given to unbelievers. The religious duty of not sharing benefits with your neighbour, whether the benefit be that of burial in an English churchyard or of bearing aima tor self-defence in Turkey, is one which there is always a strong tendency to fulfil. In conclusion, I think I may venture to predict that we have arrived at the beginning of the end, Of course, as is usual under such circumstances, we bear a certain amount of wild talk about fighting to the last man—about burning Constantinople, retreating to Broussa, and never giving in. The war, however, which the Turkish Oligarchy of Pashas thought fit to make cannot in all probability last much longer, and history shows that these Pashas are as little inclined as anybody -else to fight uselessly. They are beaten on their own theory by Fate, and they will accept Kismit as readily as any other, men. The important question is not so much what Turkey will do as what Russia will do. Turkey has already sent a circular uniting the Powers to mediate. Russia may consider that it is _ useless yet to ask ; her to entertain the terms which she will inevitably -exact, and may even think that an advance to Constantinople is necessary. I do not, however, imagine. that she will pash matters so far as this. It is much more likely that she will push on to Adrianople, and, as in 1829, will .sign peace there. Tbe^nd of that campaign -saw Greece recognised as a free kingdom. It is now all but certain that the end-of thiB will see Bulgaria torn away ixom under Turkish despotism and established as an independent principality. Telegrams from Vienna assure as that a programme of conditions of peace has been. drawn up by Russia, and bas been approved both by the -German and - tbe Anstnta Governments. These oo^ditions ape «aid to be, *he right of the JBoepborus _ apd the Dar- . for all ships el war, && cession of J Armenia^ the lndependeaee' of Bulgaria. uiider a Prinefe net connected with : ' Russia, 0^-ind^j^Buftafr . mS- .ftwrai^ 'Aa- «» increase of territory to Montenegro. These terms, though bard for Turkey, are in the interest of tbe population of Turkey, and therefore in the interest of Europe. Roumania and Greece have made wonderful progress since they got self- government. It will be well that the Bulgarians, the Bosnians, and the Herzegovinians shall have the same chance. I am not so sanguine, however, as to believe that peace will be immediately made, though, as I have said, we have arrived at the beginning of the end. P.S.—At the last moment—i p.m. of the 19th —the news has arrived that Osman is not dead. mistake seems to have been made by the Ottoman Minister in Vienna, who telegraphed the news here. So entirely was it believed that not only did the Government communicate it to Osman's wife, but they requested Prince Reuss, the German Ambassador, to ask the Emperor of Russia to allow tbe body to be sent here. Prince Reuss undertook this duty, and it was only in consequence of his telegram to the Emperor that the news was sent of the mistake. 