The Storyteller. Macleod of Dare.* CHAPTER XLVI. THE END. BY WILLIAM BLACK AUTHOR OF "A PRINCESS OF THULE." EST. "DUNCAN," said Hamish, in a low whisper— for Macleod had gone below, and they thought he might be asleep in the small, hushed state room, "this is a strange-looking day. is it not ? And I am afraid of it in this open bay, with an anchorage no better than a sheet of paper for holding on to. Do you see now how strange-kwk* ing it is V Duncan Cameron also spoke in his -native tongue; and he said — "That is true, Hamish. And it wm a day like this there was when the Solan w* atrft it her moorings in Loch Hoarn. Do yon remember, Hamish ? And it would be better for as now if we were in Loch Taa, or Loch.no-Keal, or in the dock that was buUt for the ateamer at Tiree. I do not like the look of this day." Yet to an ordinary observer it would have seemed that the chief characteristic of this pale still day was extreme and settled ealmt There was not a breath of wind to raffle the aurfaee of the sea ; but there waa a slight glassy «well; and thai only served to ahow curious opaleaoeot tints under the suffused light of the sun. There were no clouds; there was only a thin veil of taint and sultry mist all across the sky ; the sun wm invisible, but there wm a glare of yellow at one point of the heavens. A dead oate ; but heavy, oppressive sultry. There wm •ootething in the atmosphere that seemed to weigh oiTthe chest "There wm a dream I had this morafa*," Continued Hamkh, in the same low tone* : "It wm about my little granddaughter Christina. You know my little Christines Duncan. And ahtwaid to me : • What have you doaewith Sir Keith Maeleod? Be wm under yo«r care, grandfather.' I did not like th«t dream." i "Oh,you are becoming as bad aa Sir Keith Maeleod himself I" said the other. «He doe* not sleep. He talks to himself. You will beoome like that if you pay attention to foolish dreamt, Hamish." Hamish's quick temper leapt up. "What do you mean, Duncan Cameron, by saving * m bad m Sir Keith Maeleod' 1 Ybu^l you come from Roes : perhaps they have; riot good masters there. I tell you there is not) any ' man in Ross, or in Sutherland either, is as good a ouster, and as brave a lad, m Bir Keith Mac* leod—not any one, Duncan Cameron I" " I did not mean anything like that* Hamish," said the other humbly. "But there' whs a breese this morning. We could have got over to Loch Tua. Why did we stay here, where there is no shelter, and no anchorage f Do you know what is likely to come after a day Uke thisT " It is your business to be a sailor on board this yacht; it is not your business to say where she wiU go," said Hamiah. But all the same the old man wm beeommjc more and more alarmed at the ugly aspect of. this dead calm. The very birds, instead of stalking among the still pools, or lying buoyant on the smooth waters, were excitedly calling, and whirring from one point to another. M If the equinoctials were to begin now," said Duncan Cameron, "this is a fine place to meet the equinoctials ! An open bay, without shelter; and a ground that is no ground for an anchor age. It is not two anchors or twenty anchors would hold in such a ground." Maeleod appeared; the men were suddenly silent. Without a word to either of them—and that was not his wont—be passed to the stern of the yacht Hamish knew from his manner that he would not be spoken to. Ho did not follow him, even with all this vague dread on his mind. The day wore on to the afternoon. Maeleod, who had been pacing up and down the deck, suddenly called Hamiah. Hamfrh came aft at once. "Hamish," said he, with a strange sort of laugh, "do you remember this morning, before the light came ? Do you remember that I aaked you about a brass band that I heard playing T* Hamish looked at him; and said with an ear* nest anxiety— M Oh, Sir Keith, you will pay no head to that t It is very common. I have heard them say it is very common. Why, to hear a brass band, to be sure ! There is nothing more common *h*p that And you will not think you are unwell merely because you think you can hear a brass band playing I" M I want you to tell me, Hamkh," said he, in the same jesting way, " whether my eyes have followed the example of my ears, and are playing tricks. Do you think they are bloodshot, with my lying on deck in the cold 1 Hamish, what do you see all around ?" The old mao looked at the sky, and the shore, * The right of lepubliahin* " Macleod of Dm*" i* QqocMUnd hat bm pwhinrt by the proynion ef Ikt QtumMmmkr, and the" sea, It »« a marvellous thing. The world was all enshrouded in a salmon-colored mist: then was no s litte of horizoa viable between the sea and the sky. "It i B red, Sir Keith," said Hamish. "Ah ! Am lin my senses this time f And what do yon think of a red day, Hannah I That is not a usual thing." " Oh, Sir' Keith, it wfll. be a wild- night this night! And we cannot stay here, with thii <bad anohorage!" "And where would you go, Hamish—in a dead calm ?" Macleod asked, atill with a smile on the wan face. "Where would I go f said the old man, ex citedly. "I-I will take care of the yacht. But you, Sir Keith; oh ! you—you will go ashore now. Do you know, air, the shelling that the shepherd had T It is a poor place ; oh yes ; but Duncan Cameron and I win take some things ashore. And do you not think we can look after the yacht? She has met the equi noctials before, if it is the equinoctJafe that are beginning. She has met them bdrbre • and cannot she meet them now! Sot you. Sir Keith, you will go ashore !" Macleod bunt out laughing, In an odd sort of fashion. MDo you think I am good at running away when there ia any kind of danger, Hamisfe! Have you got into the English wayf Would you call me a coward, too T Nonsense, nonsense, nonsense, Hamish !—l—why, I am going to drink a glass of the coal black wine, and have done with it I will drink it to the health of my sweetheart, Ramish !" "Sir Keith," said the old man, beginniagto tremble, though, he but half understood the meaning of the scornful mirth, MI have had charge of you since you were a young lad." "Very well r " And Lafii Macleod will ask of me, * Such and such a think happened : what did you do for my son f Tfcei I will say,' Tour ladyship, we were afraid df the equinoctials ; and we got Sir Keith to go ashore ; and the next day we went ashore forhim ; and now we have brought him back to Castle Dare! 1" M Hannah, Hamish, you are laughing at me ! Or you want to call me a coward I Don't you know I should be afraid of the ghost of the shepherd who killed himself f Don't you know that the English people call me a coward r M Hay their souls dwell in the downmost hall of perdition I" said Hamish, with his cheek* be coming a gray-white; "and every woman that ever came of the accursed race I* He looked at the 'old man for a second ; and he gripped bis hand. «Do not say that, Hamish—that is folly. But you have been my friend. My mother will not forget you—it is not the way of a Macleod to forged—Whatever happens to me." ' • JBir Keith r Hamkh cried, "I do not know What you mean. Bui yon w"ilt go ashore before (he night t" ' "06 ashore !" Macleod answered, with a re> tun! lo his wild, bantering tone, "when I am ' going to 'see, my sweetheart T Oh, no f Tell Q&Sflnk;'■ViVrW. Christina to ask the young , Bnglls¥ladVioio6a» ttrto th* saloon, for I he/re something to say to bat. Be quick, HamishT Hamish want away ; and before long h# re turned with the answer that the young English lady was in the saloon. And1 now h* was no longer haggard and piteous ; but joyful;. and there was a strange light in his eyes. "Sweetheart," Ui* he, "are you waiting for me at lait't I have brought you a long way. Shall we arink a glass now at the end of the voyager ' *D 6 you wish to insult me ?" said she; but there was no anger m her votes): there was more of fear in hef eyes, as she regarded him. "You have no other message for me khan the one you gave me last night, Qerty P said ha. almost cheerfully. "It is all over thtofTou would go' away from me for ever ? But w« will drink a (lass before you tab t" Ac sprang forwart, and caught both her hand* in his with the grip of a vice. ' "Do you know what you have done, Oerty 7" said he, in a low voice. "Oh, you have soft, smooth, English ways; and you are Hke a rose, leaf; and you are like a queen, whom all people are glad to serve. But do you know that you have killed a man's Hf c t And there is no penalty for that in the Mouth, perhaps: hut you are no longer in the south. And, if you have this very hkht to drink a glass with me, you wil at* refuse ft ? It is only a glass of the coal-black She struggled back from him : for there was a look In his face that frightened her. But she had a wonderful self-oommand. " Is that the message I was to hear r said she, coldly. "Why, sweetheart, are you not glad? Is not that the only gladness left for you and for me, that we should drink one glass together, and clasp hands, and say good-bye ? what eke m there left I What else could come to you and to me? And it may not be this night, or to morrow night; but one night I think it will come; and then, sweetheart, we will have one more glass together before the end." He went on deck. He called Hamish. " Hamish," said he, in a grave matter-of-fact way, " I don't like the look of this evening. Did you say the shelling was still on the island ?" " Oh, yes, Sir Keith." said Hamish, with great joy, for he thought his advice was going to be taken after all " Well, no*, you know the gales, when they begin, sometimes last for two, or three, or four days; and I will ask you to see th«t Christina takes a good store of things to the shelling, before the darkness comes on. Take plenty of things now, Hamish, and put them in the shefl ing, for I am afraid this is going to be a wild night." Now, indeed, all the red light had gone away; and as the sun went down there wss nothing but a spectral whiteness over the sea and the sky. And the atmosphere was so close and sultry that it seemed to suffocate one. Moreover, there was a dead calm ; if they had wanted to get away from this exposed place, how could they ? They could not get into the gig and pull this great yacht over to Loch Tua. It was with a light heart that Hamish set about this thing ; and Christina forthwith filled a hamper with tinned meats sad bread, aad whisky, and what not And fuel was taken ashore, too ; and candles, and a atore of matches. If the-galea were coming on, as appeared likely from this ominous- looking evening, who could tell how mauy dayß and nights the young master —and the English lady, too, if he desired her company—might not have to stay ashore, while the men took the chance of the sea with this yacht, or perhaps seized the occasion of some lull to make for some place of shelter ? There was Loch Tua, and there was the bay at Bunes san, and there was the little channel called Pol terriv, behind the rocks opposite lona. Any shelter at all was better than this exposed place, with the treacherous anchorage. Hamiah and Duncan Cameron returned to the yacht. "Will you go ashore now, Sir Keith," the old man said. " Oh, no ; I am not going ashore yet. It is not yet time to run away, Hamish." He spoke in a friendly and pleasant fashion, though Hamish, in his increasing alarm, thought it no proper time for jesting. They hauled the gig up to the davits, however, and again the yacht lay in dead silence in this little bay. The evening grew to dusk; the only change visible in this spectral world of pale yellow-white mist was the appearanoe in the sky of a number of small detached bulbous-looking clouds of a dusky blue-gray. They had not drifted hither, for there was no wind. They had only appeared. They were absolutely motionless. But the heat and the suffocation in this atmos phere became almost insupportable. The men, with bare heads, and jerseys unbuttoned at the neck, were continually going to the cask of fresh water beside the windlass. Nor was then any change when the night came on. If anything, the night was hotter than the evening had been. They awaited in silence what might come of this ominous calm. Hamish came aft. " I beg your pardon, Sir Keith," said he, «* but I am thinking we will have an anchor-watoh to night" "You will have no anchor-watch to-night," Macleod answered, slowly from out of the dark ness. " I will be all the anchor-watch you will need, Hamish, until the morning." "You, sir!" Hamisk cried. "I have been watting to take you ashore! and surely it is ashore that you are going!" Just as he had spoken there was a sound that all the world seemed to stand still to hear. It was a low murmuring sound of thunder ; but it was so remote as almost to be inaudible. The next moment an awful thing occurred. The two men standing face to face in the dark suddenly found themselves in a blase of blinding steel-blue light; and at the very same insant the thunder-roar crackled and shook all around them like the firing of a thousand cannon. How the wild echoes want booming over the sea ! Then they were in the black night again. There was a period of awed silence. "HamisV Macleod said, quickly, *do as I tell you now ! Dower the gig; take the men with you* and Christina : and go ashore and re tuunjbjfee sheiling till the morning." v£ml not r Hamish cried. " Ob, Sir Keith, would, you have me do that!" Macleod had anticipated his refusaL Instantly he went .forward and called up Christina. He ordered Duncan Cameron and John Cameron to lower away the gig. He got them all in but Hamish. .." Hajnish," said he, M yon are a smaller man than I. Is it on such a night that you would have me quarrel wj* you ? Moat I throw you into the boat?" . The old man clasped his trembling hands to* gether as if in prayer; and he said, with an agonised and broken voice— " Oh, Bir Keith, you are my master, and there J§ toothing I will not do for you ; but only this one night you will let me remain with the yacht. I will give you the rest of my life ; but only this one night—— " "Into the gig with you !" Macleod cried, angrily. "Why, man, don't you think I can keep anchor-watch)" But then he added, very gently, "Hamish, shako hands with me now. You were my friend, and you mutt get ashore before the sea rites. MI will stay in the dingey, then;" the old man entreated. "You will go ashore, Hamish ; and this very instant, too. If the gale begins, how will you get ashore. Good-bye, Hamish— good-night." Another white sheet of flame quivered all around them, just as this black figure was de scending into the gig; and then the fierce hell of sounds broke loose once more. Sea and sky together seemed to shudder at the wild uproar ; and far away the sounds went thundering through the hollow night How could one hear if there was any sobbing in that departing boat— or any last cry of farewell I It was Ulva calling now : and Fladda answering from over the black water; and the Dutchman is surely awake at last! There came a stirring of wind—from the east, and the sea began to moan. Surely the poor fugitives must have reached the shore now. And then there was a strange noise in the dis tance ; in the awful silence between the peals of thunder it would be heard ; it came nearer and nearer—a low murmuring noise, but full of a secret life and thrill—it came along like the tread of a thousand armies—and then the gale struck its first blow. The yacht reeled under the stroke, but her bows staggered up again like a dog that has been felled, and after one or two convulsive plunges she clung hard at the strained cables. And now the gale was growing in fury, and the aea rising. Blinding showers of nun swept over, hissing and roaring; the white tongues of flame were shooting this way and that way across the startled heavens ; and there was a more awful thunder than even the falling of the Atlantic surge booming into the great sea caves. In the abysmal darkness the spectral arms of the ocean rose white in their angry clamor ; and then another blue gleam would lay bare the great heaving and wreathing bosom of the deep. What devil's dance is this ? Surely it cannot be Ulva—Ulva the green-shored—Ulva that the sailors in their love of her call softly 001-a-tta —that is laughing alond with wild laughter on his awful night > And Colonsay and Lunga, and Fladda—they were beautiful aad quiet in the still eunnwttme; bat now they have gone mud ; and they are flinging back the plungiug^ Bea in white masses of foam ; and they are ehneking in their fierce joy of the strife. And Staffs—Staffs is far away and alone ; Bb© is trembling to her core ; how long will the shud dering cave* withstand the mighty hammor of the Atlantic iurge ? And then again the eudden wild gleam utartlea the night--and one Bees, with an appalling vividness, the driven white waves and the black islands—and than again a thousand- echoes go booming along the iron bound coast. What can be heard in the roar of the hurricane, and the hissing of rain, and the thundering whirl of the wavM on the rocks? surely not the one glad last cry : Sweetheart! your health! your health in the coal-black wine ! The poor fugitives crouching in among the rocks : is it the blinding rain or the driven white surf that is in their eyes 1 But they have sailors' eyes ; they can see through the awful storm; and their gaze is fixed on one small green point far out there in the blackness— the starboard light of the doomed ship. It wavers like a wUI-o'-the wisp ; but it dees not recede ; the old Umpire still clings bravely to her chain cables. And amid all the din ot the storm they hear the voice of Banish lifted aloud in lamenta tion :— "Oh, the brave lad .' The brave lad ! And who is to save my young muter now ; and who will carry this tale back to Castle Dare? They will say tome: ' Hamuh, you bad charge of the young lad ; you put the first gun in bis hand; you had charge of him ; he had the love of a son for you ; what is it you have don* with him this night V He is my Absalom ; he if my brave young lad ; ob, do you think that I will let him drown and do nothing to try to save him ? tk> you think (that ? Duncan Cameron : are you a man? Will you get into the gig with me and pull out to the Umpire?" "By God," said Duncan Cameron,.solemnly, " I will do that. I have no wife; Ido not care; I will go into the gig with you, Hamish ; but we will never reach the yacht—this night or any night that, v to come." Then the old woman Christina shrieked aloud : " Hamish ! Hamish! Are you going to drown yourself before my eyes ?" He shook her hand away from him. "My young master ordered aw ashore,; I have come ashore. But I myself I order myself back again ; Duncan Cameron, they will never say that we stood by and saw Macleod of Dare go down to his grave !" They emerged from the shelter of this great rock -the hurricane was so fierce that they had to cling to one boulder after another to save themselves from being whirled into the sea. But were these two men by themselves f Not likely! It was a party of five men that now clambered along the slippery rocks to the shingle up which they had hauled the gig ; and one wild lightning flash saw them with their hands oa the gunwale ready to drag her down to the water. ' There was a surf raging there that would have swamped twenty gigß : these five men were going of their own free will and choice to certain death—so much had they loved the young master. But a piercing cry from Christina arrested them. They looked out to sea. What wsb this sudden and awful thing ?—instead of the star board green light, behold! the port red light and that moving! Oh, see! how it recedes, watering—flickering through the whirling vapor of the storm! And there again Is the green light! Is it a witch's dance; or are they strange death-fires hovering over the dark ocean grave? But Hamfoh knows too well what it means; and with a wild cry of horror and despair the old man sinks on his knees, and clasps his hands, and stretches them out to the terrible sea M Ohj Macleod, Macleod, are you going away from me for ever ; and we will go up ttte hills together and on the locks together no more—no more—no more! Oh, the brave lad that he was !—and the good master !—and who was not proud of him t- -my handsome lad ! and he the last of the Macleods of Dare !" Arise, Hamish, and have the gig hauled up into shelter ; for will you not want it when the gale abates, and the seas are smooth, and you have to go away to Dare, you and your comrades with silent tongues and sombre eyes ! Why this wild lamentation in the darkness of the night ? The stricken heart that you loved so well has found peace at last; the coal-black wine has been drunk; there is an end. And you, you poor, cowering fugitives, who only see each other's terrified faces when the wan gleam of tip light ning biases through the sky, perhaps it is well that you should weep and wail for the young master ; but that is soon over; and the day will break. And this is what I am thinking of now; whin the light comes, and the seas are smooth, then which of you—oh, which of you all will tell this tale to the two women at Cantle Dare? So fair shines the morning sun on the white sands of lona ! The three-days' gale is over ; be hold < how Ulva—Ulva the green-shored—the Oot-O'va that the sailors love—ia laughing out again to the clear skies. And the great skarta on the shores of Erisguir are spreading abroad their dusky wings to get them dried in the sun ; and the seals are basking on the roeka in Locb na-Keal ; and in Loch Scridain the white gulls sit buoyant on the blue sea. There go the Oometra men in their brown-sailed boat to look after the lobster-traps at StaflEa ; and very soon you will see the steamer come round the far Cailleach Point; over at Erraidh they are signalling to the men at Dubh-artaeh ; and they are glad to have a message from them after the heavy gale. The new bright day has began; the world has awakened again to the joyous sun light ; there is a chattering of the sea birds all along the shores. It is a bright, eager, glad day for all the world. But there is sileuoe in Castle Dare. (ths m] A gentleman once asked a deaf and dumb boy, " What is truth ?" He replied by taking a pfcca of chalk, and drawing on the blackboard a straight line between two points. Then he asked him, " What in a lie ?" The boy rubbed out the straight line, and drew a zigzag or crooked Hue btiweaa the same two potato. 