Country Correspondence. JAMESTOWN, March 24 The past week has been one of life and buBtle in Jamestown. On Tuesday night Messrs Rowland Rees and W. B. Rounsevell addressed the electors of the Burra district residing here in the Institute Hall. There was a very at tentive audience, and a unanimous vote was carried for -each, as candidates. On Thursday the annual races took place. Over 1,500 people were present on the coarse. As races, however, they were very indifferent ; the principal race — the Belalie Handicap — only two horses started. On Thursday evening the Jamestown amateur Dramatic Club gave an entertainment in the Institute Hall in aid of that, building. A very fair attendance met them on the occa sion. The pieces put forth, were — ' D'ye know me now ?' and ' Billy Doo/ with a musical interlude. Taken altogether the affair was .much below par, the acting not being ap to standard, and the pieces and sotrie of the songs ' unsuitable for such an assembly. Steady progress is being made with the rail way frQm Caltowie here; in another six weeks it may possibly be ready for traffic. \- There, is some talk of a second flour mill being built here near the proposed railway station. Farmera are setting to in earnest now on their farms, preparing for the ploughing 'and growing season. Business is rather dull, but money very plentiful. ALMA. PLAINS, Mabch 27i On Sunday and Tuesday, March 24th and 26th, special Services were held in the Prim itive Methodist' Chapel Scone Hill, to bid farewell to the Rev. H. J. Pope, who has labored four years on Gawler circuit, and is now about to remove to Two Wells. On Sunday Mr Pope preached two excellent sermons to good congregations. On Tuesday 25th, a public tea was provided in the chapel. In the even ing at 7 a public meeting was held under the presidency of Mr J Pointon of Ward's Belt, who said he was glad to have an opportunity of expressing the kind feeling which he cherished towards Mr. Pope. He referred to the success of the circuit under Mr Pope's Superintending, and hoped that he would be increasingly successful on this new circuit. The Rev. B. E. Davis spoke of his warm attachment to Mr. Pope, and his sorrow at his leaving. The Rev H. J. Pope then delivered an exceedingly interesting and profitable address. He did not believe in sentimental ism, and though he was going to leave, and was sorry in having to leave, he was not going to cry about it. He referred to the success of the past four years, and the pleasure with which he had labored on the circuit. He trusted they would welcome the incoming preacher, and heartily co-operate with him in His work, and felt sure that good would be the result. The proceeds, were satisfactory. NAIRNE, Mar. 14-. In electoral matters we are pretty busy. A meeting is to be held on Friday 22nd and the candidates in the field, are Messrs: Bundey, Henning, and Krichauff. As far as hearsay can be trusted their chances of success tun as follows :— (1) Bundey certain to be elected at all hazards, owing to the great impressions - he left and the services he rendered to the district during the short time of his represen tation of it— he will be at the head of the poll. (2) Hemming seems likely to beat the old member (Krichauff) who has seriously offended the German portion of our electors, and unless he can talk away present prejudices against him he will stand nowhere. The fact of Mr. Henning being a resident in the district and having large stakes in the locality, and being possessed of great common sense com bined with Teutonic shrewdness, are very strong arguments in his favor, although he may be new to fame. Had he not been a German I doubt if he would have displaced Krichauff. It is a pleasing and noticeable feature among the present nominations throughout the colony that they include a good sprinkling of 'new blood.' It is high time that the monopoly of some seats should be discontinued. Our 'ghost' has vanished, being a too substantial one to risk capture and castigation. The weather since the last rains is very cold, indeed, we reckon that the, winter has commenced in real earnest. Several nights we have had severe frosts. 