LOCAL N 13 W S . CB5i\T ll\ Hi B Bj i. IV A Bfc ES A. MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Saturday, August 17. Full Council, less Alderman Brown (indisposed). A letter from J. Stall' was read, directing at tention to the bad state of Flag Staff Road near Mr Polly's. A Finance Report for accounts amounting to. £57 9s. Cd. was adopted. i Reports from Alderman Thompson wero road — I 1st. With regard to fencos and bridges on 11 ore's Road. 2nd. With regard to the fencing of the new line of road between Sheaffe's and Euro's. i The Mayor reported that ho had purchased a iuvv uuuitr* iur me ijiurary since ino laar, meeting. Tho following two motions were moved by Aldermen Richards and Gritlin, and carried — ?' That a specification bo prepared and tenders in vited to next meeting of Council for repairs to O'Brien's Road.' ' That a specification bo pre pared and tenders invited to next meeting of Council for repairs to Farm borough Road.' Moved by Aldermen Richards and Smith and carried — 'That a specification be prepared and tenders be invited to next meeting of Council for repairing portion of main road from the foot of Cobbler's Hill to the top (north side.) Moved by Aldermen Richards and Evans and carried — ' That, the General Committee for Works bo empowered to have certain trees which over hang tho roadway at Cobbler's Hill cutting re moved forthwith.' Moved by the Mayor — ' That the Council re solve itself into a Uoinmitto of tho Whole, for the purposo of considering the letter received from tho Government with reference to Library By laws, and passing an amended code if necossary.' He said that having received from the Minister for Justice the correspondence read at last meeting, adverse to tho circulation of books from the Free Library, he had made inquiries, and found that all or nearly all Municipal Free Libraries in the colony circulated their books. Ho obtained copy of a correspondence North lllawarra Council had had with tho Government, in 1875, on the subject of circulation. By that correspondence it was shown that the Government in the first instanco objected to the circulation of tho books, but that ] on tho Council replying that the Library would bo I no use for the purposes intended without being a i circulating one, tho Government consented to the i books being circulated, as requested. And this took placo even beforo North lllawarra Council had obtained tho Government endowment for their Library. Alderman Jenkins seconded tho motion, which was carried. Alderman O'Donnoll moved to the effect — ' That the Library By-Laws be referred back to tho Committee, and that a new code be drawn up and forwarded to tho Government, accompanied by a copy of the North lllawarra correspondence on the same subject.' Alderman Thompson seconded tho motion re marking that ho remembered hearing Sir Henry Parkes say at some meeting in this district that Free Library books should bo circulated, whether or not such wero contemplated at the passing of tho Act. Tho motion was carried, and a report from the Committeo to that effect adopted, on tho motion of Aldermon Richards and O'Donnell. Moved by the Mayor— 'That tho list of books now suomitted to the uouncu oo rorwarcieci to too Government for approval.' Tho list of books was read numbering about 150 volumes, which it was stated would cost between £40 and £50, leaving about £50 or £60 more to bo expended for a similar purpose.: Seconded by Alderman O'Donnell and carried. Moved by tho Mayor, and seconded by Alder- i man O'Donnell — 'That the Librarian's duties I now submitted to this Council bo received and adopted. After sonio discussion, an amendment, moved by Aldermen Richards and Jenkins, to the effect that [the code of duties be referred, back to the Committee for revision, was carried. Moved by Aldermen O'Donnell and Evans/and carried — 'That a specification be prepared and tenders .invited to next meeting of Council for repairing Spring Hill Itoad.' Moved by Aldermen Gritiin and Thompson and carried — ' That tenders be invited to next meeting for repairs to culvert north of tho Farmers' Hotel.' Of several tenders received for tho following works, those bore statod wero acceptod : — - 12,000 foot of planking, &c.; — A. De Mestre, 13s., (id. per 100 feet. 400 yards metal. — John Hughos, 6s. 9d. per yard. Re-erection of Ghost Bridge. — Paino and Staff, £59 17s. Od. The lowest tender for spikes being that of D. M'Rae, for 4d. por lb., a resolution to the effect that 5 cwt. of spikes be obtained from Sydney was carried. There were two tondcrs received for the offico of Librarian, but as the code of By-laws for the Librarian's duties was not adopted at tho .meeting, tho tenders wero not opened. This concluded the business. 