Flotsam and Jetsam. Carving the Turkey. AN ancient Turkey, weak and gray, "In faucibus mortis" helpless lay By the banks of the dark Bosphorus, And gazed with feeble fading eyes At thu litftil light of tho Weston, skies That gleamed like gleaming phosphorus. A Bull and a Bear sat clo»e by his side. And wutched his life's blood ebbing tide With faoes sad and pathetic Tho BuU administered lotiqn loans, To brace Ids nerves and strengthen his bones; The Bear gave him Tartar emetic. He had been in his-time a game old cook, And stood 'gainst bis foes like a granite rook, As tnie as the truest Roman ; And now, though his life was ebbing fast, He raiuxl himself and he died at last With hia face to his oruel foemen. " Our brother has gono, I do declare," Baid brother Bull to brother Bear; " I almost feel'like crying. Our friend was so valiant, good, and meek, With only one failing, so to speak— He was rather too long in dying. «* And now, brother Bear, well cut him In two And divide his fleuh like Christians true, Ono half for me, one half for you, Carving him neatly and prettily Joint by joint, and piece by piece. Leaving the tail for sister Greece. And tho Pope's nose for brother Italy." So they ran the knife In up to the heft, They carved him right and they oarved him left And carvod down the middle : But they could not find a single piece Of meat or flesh, or fat or grease Sufficient to grease the griddle. It was a Turkey only in name, With no true inwardness, only a frame, Like a sth of July rocket ; It was thin as a wafer, thin as a ghost, Thin ns a diet of water and toast. Thin a*, a speech of a Congressman when Ue talks about honor and honest men, With both hands in bis Uncle's pocket Moral. For Miss Columbia's benefit. When you see a sister lying low. Like Canada, Cuba, or Mexico, And hardly able to hobble, Don't wait for the tedious hem and baw Of that slow old ooaoh the National law, But swoop like an eagle, on her pounce, Gobble her down and gobble at onoe While there's something left to gobble. — New Tork Sim. 