'OHE AMATEUR THEATRICALS AT .BOOLONG:. lie jests at scars mho never, felt a moiuul — Eomeo. ' ( One of the most awful .recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, of Boolong, had of his youthful daj's, he used to declare, ) was when he inade his first and only' appearance as |an ) actor at a private amateur 'theatrical enterbainirient abhis v own house irt'Boolbng". "He, for s.ome unknoyrri- reasbn, nad . Ullclu- JJU .-Wtlo'.UUl 11 l-U UUS . liXUclvL LUU ' boards like the great Garrick and the clder .Keari — Ijut it ) was, fdoli.sh'"notibri, 'soon kriockecVbrit'of; his-berid after his ) peculiar rZeJitf On finding the Melbourne and Sj'dney \ managers unwilling to give a. perfect novice" lyith blearing . red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " H.imleb" at any of .their several theatres, he resolved to "take the ' bull by the horns" and get:-np .a company of his own down ) at his place at Boolong. -He -went to enormous expense ) in building a small. theatre, : purchas'ing wardrobe, having ; \ sceneiy painted — for Banbuiy was determined to do the . thing well and in tip-top -style. Ha got together a kind of scratch conipariy, ,mariy of them like .himself, .raw am- : ' bitious amateurs, eagfr;".,to fret their hour upon the ) stage," and one or two see ty outcasts of the profession;; ) and he Iboked forward to the pro luction of his . pet play, \ " Harnlet," himself as the Pririce; with much excitement, ' not unallo3'ed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ) month's -Jconstiint rehearsal, wem, pretty perfect in their \ words before the curtain ymut . up," bub after it did most of : them forgot them. The' scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the.,,Aii/i..y l\kewise-;r>t7/;/t6'/ia, an amateur, ) burst into a nervous fit -of tears iiheOore she said. a dozen f linesiv Banbury was roared at by the local personages who ) assembled to'as'sist at the amateur performance. But this V was not the worst,; for Banbury found that when the bills ' came in the expense, Avas twice as large as he'hacl expected, ) arid; He 'cqutd not meet. them. "jThe fellbvA's;'' he used to say, V " allowed me .tp have whatever lAvantcd on credit, because ' they knew that inyh'ich-uncle in Adelaide, a sti'ict Method- ) ist, would' pay.'tliem,;biit i knevv very well he would do no . such thing wheri: he found jthej' were for"' theatrical trap- -pings; for -if there-was otte thing he'heid in abhorrence it ) - was the theatre. " ' What was he to do ? His uncle would disinherit hinij turn him put .of the house he had furnished ' for him, and send hM adiMft oh tire riVorld. What wa ( to do 7 His creditors would riot wait and- he - Ayould be ri miserable pariper.; ' But for all this be di'dinot lose bis ' house, .'and - his poPr imole's fortune' is in -the "Mrik -in bis ) nairie, -bhanks'to- the-tiiriely aid of bne'vy/tri-iv a fi-iead to the drama as moll as to the rest of tlie world, who advanced ' him the needful.n'Nded'we'-saybis nanie.- No; alLknow ( him 1 Bub" .Ave-iriay as well remark it rivas: the oUavipiom of the distressOdf : d) L' j;- V : . DAVID HENEY, of-52 Collins street east, ' Who has from,. ik5,to..:£, 1, 0,000. tplond-pnnotes.ofhand, bills ) of sale" (with or ' witiioufc security); salary order's, life : policies,- certi'fi'catesj dcecVs.\bill of lading,- legacies, goods, ) merchandisb,''On expe'c®ed- remittances,'or; on mbrieys per- \ .sons may be, entitled.tp from. England, and elsewhere, etc., . repayable to suit tte'cohvemenceiOf .honeweiP. ) ' Bills discounted, claiiy at the IoavgsI; rate of interest, arid V, mortgages from G .ijer cent, . 