The Sydney Morning Herald. MONDAY, MAY 13, 1878. THE report of the Council of Education has made its appearance a good deal earlier this year than it did last year, and this of itself is matter for congratulation. The report itself is in moro rospecta than one an improvement on nome of its prodecessois. It would bo onay to show that in pome pointa in which accu- racy is of considorablo importance there is room for still furthei impi-ovoment. Wo are told, for example, in ono of the opening sentencos of tho leport, that " The total number of pupils enrolled in 1877 was 117,259, being an increase of G983 upon the corresponding return for the previous year." This statement makes the increase in the number of pupils for the year just a thousand moro than it really is, as may bo seen fiom tho figures of the report itself. Tho total number of pupils last your was 111,200; this jear the number is 117,252, the difïciencQ being 6083, and not 0083, as here stated. Tho report goes on to say that of the 53,727 pupils who wero present at school on tho 11th December, "80-31 per cent, had attended but ono school, 16-91 per cent, had beon enrolled in two schools, 2*34 per cont. had attended three schools, and 0-37 per cent, had been four times enrolled during tho year. It may legitimately bo assumed that the same proportions apply in the case of children not at school in the given hour, and it thus appears that 11 per cent., and not 15 per cent, as hitherto estimated, is the t£ullest allowance that can bo fairly de- manded for doublo and treble enrolment." This statement, if considered reliable in any way, will probably convey the. impression that only 11 per cent, of the children in our schools aro enrolled more than once.' The figures themselves convoy the reverse of this, for if only 80 per cent, of the pupils present on the day mentioned' had attended but one school, nearly 20 per cent, must have attended more than one. We presume that what is wanted ^in an inquiry of this kind is to find how much the number of enrolmentsj ia above that of tho number of actual children, and thus to get at the real proportion of the population attending school. This may be done Tery simply. The figures above quoted give 122 and a decimal as the enrolments for every 100 children in actual attendance. Or, to put it, in another way, they give ^ a little more than 81 children for every hundred enrolments. This will make the multiple enrolments 'l8 per cent.^ instead of 11 per cent, and will give about 95,000 as the total number of actual children corrected for multipjo enrolments, and not 104,355 which is the number here given. Wo do not wish to enlarge on this any farther than to gay that it does not by any means appear from it " that 11 per cent., and not,15 per cent, ns hitherto estimated, is tho fullest allowance that can ho faiily demanded on the ground of multiple enrolment." TJnt it ia no very serious matter whether the figuies in this connection aro 05,000, or 104,000. Tile total number of emolmonts for any given year is a business of less relativo consequence than ia sometimes sup- posed. What is wanted ia to got at tho real number of cliildion who aie brought into echool, and who remain there ; and for this purpose the average enrolment and the avorogo attendance aro of for moro importance than speculations about the gross enrolment. Tho aveiago cniolmont for the past year as given in the repoit was 80,920. The overage daily attendance was 54,593. During tho September quaitex tho average attendance according to this repoit formed 08*1 per cent, of the number enrolled, the proportion being a higher one than was attained in any year since 1872\. Tho increase for the year in the number of pupils in Public schools was 7380, but in Denominational schools thoro was a decrease of 850. Tho total number of schools under tho Council at tho close of last year was 1117 ; the total number for the year piècoding was 1073: the increase therefore is 44. The increase in the number of Public schools is 58, in the Half-time schools 2 ; in Provisional schools there is a decrease of 13, and in Certi- fied Denominational schools a decrease of 3. A considerable propoition, however, of the ^increase in ^ Public schools con- sists of schools which previously existed under some other name, tho Num- ber of Public schools opened last year for the first-timo was 28. Further, the decrease of l8 in tho number of Provisional 'schools ia a net decrease only ."During tho year there has been on addition of 45 now schools of this kind. The deoreaso' is' caused by the closing of 31 of these * schools, the conversion.of 2 inro'HalMimé schools,'and of 26" inîto Public schools. ~ Tho sura roceiv'cd last year in tho simpo of school fees was £06,540 12s., being an increase for, tho j ear of a littlo under £GO0O, Tho amount at the disposal of tho Couuoil for tho rear in tho sliapo of grants was £321,640 8a. Od.; this added to tho sum îceeivûd in tho hhnpo of fees matlo tho educational revenue for tho >ear £387,100 0s. Gd. Tho total expendí-I turo, exclusivo of school fees, which uro hold I to bo tho property of the teachers, w.is £270,040 11s. 8d. During the year (tlio report sayB) tho Council has seen it right to maleo some additions to tho salaries of tenclicis. | This lins boen, dono to meet tho increased cost I of living, nnd to brtajr tho emoluments of i school toaoheis into harmony with tho genuial i ndvnnco in tho rolo of wages. We nro glnd ¡ to'find that tho Council lins addressed itself Ip tho propriety of increasing tho emolument» of teacher?, and that tho J.etriHlatuio has given its saction to the action that lins boen talton. Tho next hopeful sign in tho ropott is tho i movoment which tho Council lins made-, both in town and country, to lcruh. tho poitiou of tho cltildion of tho colony who aro out-vide our1 schools. We liavo already spolcoji in piaibe of thi_ action, nnd shall liavo moro to' BOY of it hore.ifter. Wo «io further glml to find that in the chainctei of some of the schools, in tho Provisional schools especially, n gi eat improv cment is lcportcd. Tho correctness of tho cúticisms which liavo hoon made on thobo schools is hero fully confirmed, hut wo are told that " a considerable impiovoment in tho oilicicnoy of I'tov isionnl schools was effectod j hi 1877." Theo, together with tho increase in tho number of schools and scholars to which wo hayo ah cady referred, uro all hopo ful features in tho present report, Wo legrot, however, that tho rcpoit supplies ' us with nine-, that cannot bo logaidcd as paiticularlv hopeful. On somo of tho points referred to there is much that needs to bo said. Wo- will now simply nanio a fow of tho drawbacks in tho otherwise encouraging document before us. First, there is the matter of school sites. Tho Council tells us that in numbers of places schools cannot bo built, because sites cannot be obtained, either from tho Government or from privnto individuals. This is a matter that requires prompt consideration, and one that Parliament should take up and net upon. Second, thoio is tho question of local supervision. Tho burden throughout this report is that little or no interest is taken in schools hy those who aro supposed to shale with tho Council in their management. This also is a subject that will demand inquiry, and possibly some ùuthoi legislation. Third, theio is the systematic irregularity in school attendance, which is complained of on nearly every pago of this report. This irregularity is accounted for, as the Council explains, partly by the epidemics we have had, partly by the droughts of recent years, and partly by poverty. But the inspectors clearly show that uncontrollable circumstances account for this evil to a small extent only, that the most serious causes of it are the greed or the indifference of parents and guardians, and that nothing short of stringent legislation will prevent it. Fourth, the report supplies abundant evidence that tho accounts which havo been given of the number of children outside of our schools have not been exaggerated, and that nothing short of some compulsory enactment will meet the case of the non-enrolled children of tho colony. On this feature of the repoit wo shall have to speak again. Wo may remark, however, that tho Council itself now confesses that " in the case of children deprived of education through tho other causes above stated, while some improvement may undoubtedly be made by repeated visits and remonstrance with parents, it must be admitted that a thorough and permanent reformation cannot be effected by any means now in the Council's powor.1' Nay, further, the Council calls attention to the fact that there is no law to prevent the loitering of children in parks and elsewhere during school hours, and wo need not say that such a law would be one of indireot compul- sion. This is a change of sentiment in a direction that we have been long contending for, and we need not say that we welcome it With the utmost satisfaction. > DuBiNO the short debate on the Electoral Bill in the Legislative Council, Mr. SAMUEL asked the ATTonNüY-GKNiRAT, whether the bill was not a money bill ; to,which tho latter replied that it was in some respects, but not to that extent which would prevent the 'House dealing with it. The answer was not an unreasonable one, for the effort which has been made in some quarters to deny to the second Chamber tho right to touch any measure which in any way involves financoä would, if cariied out, piac tically make a second Chamber useless. Wo have seen, even in the Assembly itself, how a rigid inteipretatidn of the phrase, "money bill," acts as an >oinbaigo on the in- troduction of private measuies which involve any kind of appointments or expenses ; or at any rato compels ovory member wishing to introduce a bill to get tho assistance of the Goveirmiont in the first instance. It must be clear to o\ eryono that this distinction about money bills wants íovising and defining, and that a ligorous interpretation carries the purpose of tho constitutional piac tico to a really ridiculous extreme. In fact, that principle, inherited out of the struggles incident to tho growth of the English Constitution, is now being turned into a sort of fetish, and is being worshipped idolatrously. When tho House of Commons was battling with nrbitraiy kings, and at other times with a somi-feudal landed aristocracy, tho claim to the exclusive control over the purso had a very important prac- tical meaning, and the safeguards thrown around tho passage of money bills wero necessary to tho protection of tho people's purso. But now wo have nothing to fear from kings, and no landed aiistocraoy to fight with ; and yot every measure, however tiiüing, that involveB any expenditure, however simple, has to bo embarrassed witjh. al} tho provisions that i elate toa bill imposing the heaviest taxation*. According to a rigoious interpretation, if a bill involves the appointment of. a man who is paid flvo shilling feos, it is a money bill ; and as tho secular work of the world is not carried out on the voluntary principle, it ia very difficult now-a-days to do anything without paying somebody something. -Taxa- tion, in the real sense of the word, it is proper enough, should bo carried out under tho strictest rules, and new taxes ought only to be proposed except under the authority of responsible 4 government. But ,it is an absurdity to call everything ..taxation .which involves a, snuill feo, or a small fine, and for practical purposes it is desirable to hayo the line drawn with more discrimination than c.vists at present. Wliat has boon fonnd'inconvcnicnt in tho Lower House itself, lins also benn found in- convenient in tho lclationa of the two Houses. . A second liou«o of Legislature must, tç bo thoroughly efficient, liavo adequnto powers to deni with nil public questions of publie policy ; but if any new clause that hoiv evor slightly sounds , of monoy ia to act na a . stopper on the Couucil dealing with the mensuro that ombodies it, then it will bo very easy, by a little amount of cun- ning, to nuilco every bill a monoy bill, and to î iiiert smile elati6o or other that should involve I some line or a ft.o. It is obvious that tho | tinto is coming when tho whole question of j money bill-, should bo reconsideicd, mid tho ¡ tino principio on which tho old practice has Tested should bo disengaged from unnecessary ! und troubleaomo accessories. t j I THE Legislativo Council is co restricted in its functions that it is a pity to soo it doprived of I any useful work it takes in linnd. Although 1 tho alleged maltreatment o£ prisonois in gaol \ was first brought under public notice in the Assembly, tho Council took tho lend in making inquiry, and appointait a select committei< to sit on tho mnttor. Hut no sooner was this dono than tho Government announced a Royal Commission for tho sauio purpose, and toole the work out of tho Council's hands. If tho commission will consist of abler men than tho Council's committeo-if it will bo a morn economical or a more efficient tribunal, or moro thorough or impartial, thon there is nothing to say against tho course adopted. Hut Sir ALFRED STEPHEN, Sir GroKGi: INNKS, and Messrs. MASKS, FOSTER, SAVUKI., DALLEY, DOCKER, {DARLEY, J. WniTr, and G. II. Co\, constituted a body of-gentlemen that might liavo been safely trusted with such nu in- quiry. Tho question is not a pavty'one, but even if it were, the members of the committeo woro taken pretty fairly from tho nomi- nóos of recent Governments. "We havo always rogretted tho limited activity of tho Council in tho matter of in- quiries by fiolect committoo. Thovo aio many matters that the Assembly! in its excitement and eagerness overlooks, and which yet ought to bo investigated. The | Council, with plenty of time on its hands, and undistrocted by party tactics, co_ld do a good deal of service by attending to neglected matters. Wo aro bound to say, howover, that thero is not much encouragement for it to make' itself useful if it is to bo snubbed as soon as it sets its hand to work. If thfe Royal Commission was not a sudden af tertlioupht, the action of tho Council might, by a timely and courteous intimation, havo been anticipated. As it is, tho action of the Government bears tho air of an unwillingness to trust the Council with tho inquiry. Public opinion has been somewhat prejudiced by the very impro- per action of tho member for Parramatta, who has, without authority, questioned prisoners, malting accusations, and who has dono so without any opportunity for tho accused to bo present or to cross-examine. It is droll lo «co what notions of justice and fairness Homo ilaming democrats have. But if the mem- bers of the Royal Commission are at all worthy of their position, they will commence their investigation quito unhrfiueneod by any _uch prejudices. If there aro abuses they will bring thom to light ; if the charges aio untrue or exaggoiations, they will show in what they have originated. OUR CAUL» NEWS.-Once more the overland line and calila aie in w«brking order, and -we are placed in possession or a batch of overdue messnges. The general tenor of the information we publish in another column is undoubtedly more pacific than that con- veyed by the cablegrams of last week, though there are «till grounds for crave apprehensions. England and Russia have entered upon more direct negotia- tions, and there seems now some reason to hope that a congress of the European Power« will he held. No one will question the propriety of England desi- ring io remove all chances of misunderstanding before entering such a congress ; and if reports may he relied on, the St. Petersburg authorities appear inclined to concede to Britain's demands, or, as it might otherwise be put, yield to Britain's suggestions. The message having reference to the strained relations between Russia and Turkey has had much of its significance removed by a subsequent telegram, which states that tho Porte has decided to comply with the demands of ¡Russia for the eVhcuattpn of the captured fortresses, providing the Czar's troops îetire from Adrianople. Much will depend upon Russia's acceptance or non-acceptance of this proposal Ii she is resolved to adhere to her position at Adrtanople fresh complications may arose, as the Turl.s aro evidently taking fresh courage, and have 80,060 men 'guarding the outer lines of dqfence around Constanti- nople. And then a fresh danger present« itself, for it is feared that should a revolution break out at Constantinople, it would pre- cipitate a collision between the British and Russian -forces.' Tho insurrection on the part ox the Mussulman population is also an clement of danger. The insurgents now number 30,000, and arc posted in the Balkans. With regard to the Fenian scares, we have had so many of them, and the rebellious spirits haye been so speedily and easily subdued, that fresh outbreaks are not likely to end in much more than the capture of a few Fenians by the police, and a hasty retreat into places of security on the part of the others. THE LATE MB. T. S. MORT.-Wo learn that the funeral of this lamented gentleman took -place at Bodalla on Friday afternoon with the utmost ¡privacy, in accordance w ltli his known wishes on the subject. The body was interred in u spot which Mr. Mort had himself chosen for that purpose. SUPREME COURT.-Business This Day.-Jury Court : Conn v. Robertson (part hoard), Kenny v. Ijaraher, Way v. Jauncey, Mnunsell v. Proctor. Banco* Couit : | Enies v. Brown and another (part heard), Collier v. Caswell, Mitchell v. lethbridge,M'Garriglo v.¡Miller. Prothotiotury's Office- (for taxation) : Maxwell \\. Forlongc, at quarter to li o'clock ; Couch v. Kinshela, at 11 o'clock; Jtlcnhng v. Barnes, nt quarter pRst 11 o'clock ; Commercial Bank v. Stevens, at quarter-past 11 o'clock; Menzies and "another v. Smith and another, at quarter-past 2 o'clock. DISTRICT COURT.-Monday, May 13.-Jury Causes : 1491, Vider v. Spenia ; 1408, Francis v. Couinussior.er for Railways ; 183», Whiting v. Bennett. PUBLIC SCHOOL AT DARLINGTON.-A handsome Public school has just been erected at Darlington. The exterior of the building is marked by a spire, two verandahs, and a balcony, thus affording ample shelter for the children. The interior is light and well ventilated. The large school- room measures ,62 feet by, 22 feet, the infant bchoolroom 30 feet by 17 feet, and classroom 20 feet by 14 feet. There are two lavatories and a large playground. The building waa formally opened on Monday last by Mr. Wilkins, the secretary to the Council of Education. The chair was taken by Mr. Hargreaves, the Mayor of Darlington, to whsse exertions tie school chiefly owes its origin. The chili- man, Alderman Ma/e, and Mr. Wilkins then addressed the meeting, and the proceedings ter- minated with cheers for the Qu»en, Mr. Wilkins and ! othtn. Mr. Salier, who has for fji-cen years bpon in charge of the Bourke-street Congregational school, has been appointed headmaster of the new school, which, it may be mentioned, has been opined with a school-, rou of 176 children. THE MUSEUM AND THE PUBLIC LIBRARY.—Notwith- standing the magnificent weather with which Sydney these institutions. The Museum was, indeed, if pos- sible, moro crowded than on the preceding Sunday and it ii stated that ninny went away unable to nbtam ;ulmis!.icin. The greatest order was auttve'd. Attie Free, Public Library tho number of readers v»_ slightly under that of last week, when 'JOG pq»,"dt_ tiirnslilcs. Yesterd'iy lol attended, vvhichtliussriii'vi a diminution of Iß. Thero were fcw of the oni'tntr« readers, the inajoiity being strangers. In the lau!, ing department nine hooks were issued. Tho LojrU. Intivc. Assembly has on three separate ocr._£_ decided by largo majorities .thot tlie'Museum »ni 'Free Public Library bhall be opened to the publie ou Sunday afternoons ; and discussion muy be> »aid _ b, closed for the reason that it cannot alter the rauh! It is due, however, to those who do not approve ol the fiten which lins been taken, that their twoiest should be recorded, and we accordingly pubfijrt tht following petition signed by 3S3II members of _» Wcslcyan Methodist Church of Now South AVMe» which has been oidercd to ho printed by UM» EtgU¡í¡ ti vc Assembly:-''That jour pelitionris haw lew« ' with no small surprise that resolution.« have been passed by your honorable House deelai ing that, in ¡w interests of society, it is expedient to open the Pree Public Library nnd the Museum on Sundays, _j that the Government ought to take steps withott .delny to provide for such opening. That your pen. tioncrs see very gravi» objections' to the course thus proposed to be adopted. 'Hint your petitioners regard ,.is ii first and fundamental objection, that it would be a violation of the divine law on tho Sabbath, and that it is inconsistent with the welfare of the peopk That your petitioners nro fully persuaded that jj these public institutions are thrown open on t_ Lord's Day, the effect at no distant pciiodwill be tie prevalence of greater laxity of principle in regard to j eligious observances, and an increased desire for tie establirhment of other places of public amusemem, which it will be di fHeult to resist, when the example and sanction of the Government'are regarded., That your petitioneis further consider that it would be unfair to lay such an increase of responsibility til anxiety upon the oilircrs and servants employed ta these institutions its would be occasioned by tlirowisg open the institutions with which thoy arc connecte»«; which would bo only partially lessened by thp employ. ' ment of an additional stuff on that day. That TOM pctitioucis ure fuitlicr appichcnsive ol' .1 serious effect upon the Sunday bthool« in the city, by a diminution oí the number» attending and ol' the i eligious ¡r,. «tim-tion thus impaited to the lising generation, Your petitioners, therefore, pray tiltil your honorable llouâc, having regard to these premises, will be pleased to reconsider the resolutions referred ;to above, nnd to rescind the vote by which they «in adopted." IMPROVEMENT OF THE CIRCULAR QUAY.—The mercantile community of this city will learn,' «¡ti unqualified gratification that n definite proposal te improve the wharf accommodation nt the Uiiculti Cluny is to be proposed by the Hon. John Sutherland, in the Legislative Assembly, on Thursday evening next. We belle« the plan which the. Government submit toi the approval of Parliament is that which has be» laid on the table of the Assenibly'by former ParUa ments, nnd has hud the approval of Mr. Lackey, Mr. Hoskins, and Mr. Combes, successive .Ministers foi Works. It is for the construction of an iron wharf on the plans submitted by the EnfMnci-r-in-Chiel for Harbour* and Rivers, und makes provision fot berthing live vessels, each 400 feet long, of the elm of the St. Osyth, and throe berths for vcsiels the size of the Sobraon, the berths being placed according to what is known as the echelon p'lan. The head of. the cove will bo re- served for the steam-beat traffic of the harbour, Four select committees of the Assembly have taken evidence on the subject, and have directed reuet attention to the relative cost of iron, stone, and wood; and the plans recommended are submitted under the full conviction that they provide the largest amounted accommodation at the minimum of Cost. The state- ment inadvertently made in the Herald on Saturday that the Government proposed to deal with the ques- tion of railway extension to the Circular Quay wat prematuro ; but ive hope another session of Parliament will not be suffered to pass without this importint work, the policy of which Parliament has already affirmed, being agreed to. CHURCH OF ENGLAND, COONAMBLE.—The usual Easter meeting of the parishioners was held on the 23rd of April. Mr. Sterglin, the people's church- warden, stated briefly the financial position and other matters in connection with the church. " It appeared that during the past year the parsonage had been built, pews obtained, and a pulpit nnd other necessary fittings plated in position ; »Ho that /t boil hld been obtained and erected. It was dec-Mod that for the | ensuing year the oll'ertoiy should tA>a handed to the incumbent, and that \ nrious addition* shoald be nude to the pnisonAge. These expenses «ill louro the church about ¿300 in debt-a .ííunrv\hicli it i» hoped will soon beieduied by the liberality of the paruh* ¡oners. Mr. Sterglin was re-elected people's viardta Mr. Hill minister's warden, and Mr. M'CuUougl trustees' warden. THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE.—On Friday, the clerical and lay members of the Conference resume their labours at their usual place of meeting. The discussion on the trcaiurer's repprt on the Super« nuation Fund waa brought to a termination, and i was arranged that the bubject should be brought u, again for purposes of new legislation. The debated the report of the treasurer in connection -with ti. Children's Fund wa» commenced, and continued fun considerable- time. On Saturday there was no meet ing, and, according to previoü* anangement, tit clergymen and large numbers of their friend« pur ceeded by steamers to Clontarf, tu'wtjoy a menu The weather was fine for such a putposf-, nná eren arrangement in connection with the outing ro perfect, that a most agreeable day was spent. EFFECTS OF DRINK.—A seaman, named Archibald McCully, belonging to the ship Carnegie, lying off Dibbs' wharf, was on board the Haddington tt 9 o'clock yesterday morning, when he fell down and re- ceived a severe scalp wound. He was at the tim under the influence of drink. He was taken toft« Infirmary for treatment. THE LATE ACCIDENT AT MILSON'S POINT.—The man, Keene, who was so badly injured and nearly drowned at Milson's Point, on Thursday, is progress- ing towards recovery. He had got into the wheel to effect some repairs, and the shafting being on the centre, his weight turned it. The exhaust steam in the cylinder caused the wheel to make two révolutions and one of the floats inflicted a severe wound on his forehead. RECENT DISCOVERIES IN AUSTRALIA.—We notice by advei tiseraent that the Rev. J". E. Tenison-Wood* F.G.iJ., F.L.S., wilHecttiro on "Recent Diecoveiiei in Australia," in the Oddfellows' Hall, Newtown, this e remng. The proceeds of the lecture are to g> tovvanÏB paying for the recent impro.cments mide * St. Joseph's Church, Newtown. The lecture *ü doubtüess be very interesting. y MR. BRADLEY'S ACCLIMATIZATION SCHEME.—In pursuance of his plan for the introduction of English birds, Mr. Walter Bradley received another consign ment from Auckland by the Hero last week. They consisted of eighteen pairs of goldfinches, linnetts, greenfinches, and yellow-hammers, in excellent health, and were liberated on Friday in the Botara Gardens. If the Legislature were as ready to prevent the capture or destruction of imported birds as Mr. Bradley has been in expending time and money upon them, there might be some better guarantee that he has not laboured in vain. COLLISION BETWEEN AN OMNIBUS AND A DRAY.—On Saturday morning, at twenty minutes past 9 o'clock opposite Messrs. Holdsw/orth's cstaoliihnienti ?» United Omnibus Company's omnibus 2*0. "6( on U* v»ay to Glebe Point, cai- jcinto collision with, a hiiniing the mime of T. Gnle, of Oceaii'lW* M ool'ahra. There w*ro two men in the «h"!''.'?1: Fcvvrnl passengers Jo/i the omniou«-. The coUwj» wast so violcnt'tliat'')thcdrAy was turned over on * side,« and the men were thrown out into|the street, t» farti tnatriv they appealed not to hnvelbeen »w**j huit., Whether the accident came .".* to the «'7 door of the policeman, or whether', the fee* *r been sharpened into unusual activity, we kiiownov but th,?re was " an nc.tive and intelligent", e»BH»»» on the spot immediately. FATAL ACCIDENT.—Edwin G. Parker, a constable attached to No. 2 division of police, died at the Infirmary, on Thursday evening, from shock to the system, following an operation which he had pre- viously undergone. It appears that about «iX/W" ago,'Pinker want out on a fishing excursion, H01****. Ligh. He did not pay much attention to « »»"7 time, anfl was able to pursue his usdal vócaüoww» wf*k or so "after the occurrence, but the "tJS be/came very painful, until at last he was compta» t« go into Hie Infirmaiy for relief. He, howe,^'S worse, and it was found necessary to ""-PH .'i-| I'limb, which was accordingly done on Th«*,?,i¿¿¡ 1 the poor fellow gradually sank, and died«*. *.»"' aiter,theopei¡ation. ' ' MURDEROUS ATTACK.—Early yesterday morning Mr. Frank Lopez, captain of the schooner Rebecca, (ÍLTtno C.ledonin Warf, whoa proceeding on boSThivçJicl..sswa»on behind a wist p«tc TnÄSscdsome words to him. which, now SCfennhcodc'd.- «ho'captain went on his way, V,CA not «OHO moie Ulan about a do/onpaues whin EAïSmendo«. blow on ti., head v.l. kh Sï" down and rendered Mm tai.n_blc. He ^2 "mungee', with couside.ablc difficulty,' W*3 KlÄ" " .uiuVsko' up tho mate. His iniu ^rtwtînueatotctnporarilrby those on board, 'imfoÄn of the n^oult wa, given to the police a5q irnVvvclEhtwas discovered where the captain SÄÄJ T oonsldered to be of such 'C L'ous ¿«ure that his îçmovfll to the h_2_W Reined advisable, nnd he w f ." /onvovctl there, »r. Mntsdcn examined linn tf ^_f Au«- tho back of his skull fiacturc-.l ÄÄ ¿recinche, ; bat although tbewott-id ?^ dan "nous clmtacter, hopes aro entertained Of hiíímniate recovery. J&t; alter tho captain got on board constable Cornish passed the wharf, and saw a man named John Cassidy hiding there. As he could ii,«,,nv satisfactory amount of what he was doing, tiMc Au Win andto6" him to the Central ffistaüom On tho road Cassidy took something Hito his pocket and endeavoured W throw it *WBJ. t wa. öund to ho a certificate for a taigo ot coals the _r_Sn «ad received from Mc» w. Woitattim- and Sons, of Pyrmont, and which he had on him when he was asaulted: Sub- inspectcr Anthon and.a detoc Äk Cassidy to the Inliriuaiy, where Lopez, on ee?n7him,idûnt,hcJ hin. as the man-A ho spoke to h,n on the wharf. Cassidy is well known to tho oÔHccVas being cbnncctcd w th a Snns of ruihm» who Et he waterside, 'flus i» Lo third outrage which has occurred iii the'neighbourhood ictcntly, nnd Um Bfcei,-lty for additional police supervision tltero is urv apparent. FIRES.—About half-past 3 o'clock yesterday morn- ing the reflection of a fire was observed in the direc- tion of Sussex and Goulburn strccts. Hie bogado «'nd other engines were ic-tnntly equipped lind pro ce-i'td thither, when it wat, discovered thntp.irtof theprcavsesof Mr. Dunk, fuel m-rchsnt, of lhxon-» luvet, wa» m flames. The fire was confined lo a shed in which were a steam- engine and n stack of hievroctd which had been recently cut ; tho latter na*, indeed, enteioped in ilnmci, and the firemen, theicfote. tumed tlicir attention to this first in order to save the maclunery from damage. Tiley fortunately suc- ceeded in rxtuiRuishmg the fire before it could spread lurther. The saw benthos weio injin ed, and tho engine also was damaged to the extent of about £30 or £10. Six firc-enaincs vscru on the spot, of whick tit*'were used. The loss will amount'to'£100 or £120, but the plant is not insured. l The premises belong to Mr. Bell, of Pitt-street. It is supposed that the fire originated near the saw benches in front of the entine.1 As the hot nshes «ere carefully extinguished it 1 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, pud there was no ligns of anvtliing bun.ing some hours later, it is behoved that some vagrant hod made use of the shed, ?nd had probably lit his pipe mid dropped a spark on to the sawdust.-Shortly after noon one of the chimneys oí No. 42, GippJ-street was found to bo on fire, which, however, was easily extinguished by raejniof hand pumps.-Between 8 and 0 o'clock in the evening some clothes belonging to seamen on boord the steam-collier Ende, lying off Ilowntree's wharf, Kent-street, where discovered to be ort'iire. The free use of buckets of v. ater_ prevented much damage being done. DASTARDLY ASSAULT.—The friends of Mr. J, W. Smart, J.P., will be sorry to learn that he was made the subject of a very cowardly attack as he was pro- ceeding horns on Saturday night. Ho was .passing 'own »lane near Dow lmg- street, Moore Park, when s saw a man crouching in the Shade. Ho had no /»lier noticed the man's presence, than he received a Mow in the face with what ho believes was a piece of blue metal. This knocked him down, but lit shortly (tt«rwards reached his residence and got his injuries, nhich are of a somewhat serious nature, attended to. THE PRICE OF COAL.—Our Newcastle correspondent irrites.:-" The price of coal formed' a subject for dis- cussion at an important meeting of delegates from the sariou» mining lodges in the Hunter distriot," on Thursday last. The standard price is 1 _. per ton, ind as rumours have'been abroad for some time that tome of the colliery, proprietors were selling their coal 'or* less tKnn I4s.,it was thought desirable thnt the Batter should bo consideretl by the miners' delegates, .specially as a general reduction in the price of coal Hint result in a reduction of wages. Tho proceed- ings at the meeting on Tmirsday were not open to the public, i but it has transpired that after an animated discussion, the following lcsolution vi as passed : 'That If it {should como" to'the'knowledge of the delegates that anycolliery is under-selling, action be taken through tho men, "and that' the 'proprietors of luch colliery have fourteen days' notice that the men will cease vv'ork until the price" of coal be raited to the standard rate.' Some of the delegates, uu'pir ently not desiring to pass a resolution of^ so arbitrary S character, put fonvaid an amendment proposing that s conference be held between the colliery proprie- tors and the officers and delegates of thetiUnion, with the object of bringmg about a classification of the coil/and proving that only coal not vVorth 14s: per ton should be sold for less; but the amendment was rejected. The resolution which was passed appears lo be contrary to thespiritjc>t_one of the Coal Miners' association rules, whieh states that j'in every, case before a strike is determined on, the Board of Dele-* e,ates shah offer to the employer or employers the »ption'of settling the dispute by'arbitiatioh'dr con- ciliation." THE LATE EXHIBITION.—Miss Florence Batty, in stead of being highly commended for a woolwork picture of "Bolton Abbey in the Olden Time," as previousiy stated, received a first prize. POISONING IN NEW ZEALAND.—An extraordinary, case ii «sid by the correspondent of the Otago d\,ncs » nweoccurred in Wellington, on the 28th Aplil. W. O'Connor, an ex-sergeant of police in Cantcrbuiy, Um custody charged with attempting to.poison Mr. Light, the proprietor of Barrett's Hotel. It appeai-3 that about 11 o'clock lost night' "Mr.' Light and 0 Connor,w ere taking a parting glass together,-bcfore retiring. Mr. Light left the, room for a minute, and on Mtuming w as about to drink from his . glass -vvhen tiehoticed that tho liquor lind a singularly-- Coloured ippearunce'. He dipped hts'hngcr'in the "glass, and ¡m toui'hini» it with his tongue was confident tliut the liquor had been tampered with. .He placed the glass oiioncndo.'and this morning foundld thick sediment, julius confirmed the' bbspieions he entertained, ho S? i Vo .cniu ino tsHcinist' stated he believed tile Sediment to be morphia, but he advised Mr. Light to hive it analysed jy the Uovei_ucnt.An.d-,st.. The liquor wa* there-, façfo-uarded to I5r. Hector, biit"as Mr. Ske'y,' the ?nalTst, wa» out of town, the analv-is could not be tt,aSetc-d«y With referen co to the whisky suppose'd » be urugged./Bf.-¡Hector', in answer'to'the-letter »'Hop. tim to analyse tho- liq\ior, s-irs thnt-ao'far as no ,can judge it contains stochnincj'but further examinaüon will be made. A DISTINGUISHED LEPER.—The death of a remark- able man, William Ragsdale by name, late governor of the leper settlement on the Hawaiian island of Molokai, is announced by the San Francisco Chronicle. UrA ÄF' H**P?5-«on»^*o Kingdom was very £!tU,?wH'^'-d't voluntary whoa he realised »0terrible blqw which nature had de,»lt1hi-n.»-Tlhc ïïïX;«^ hc.di3'°^'l l-Vwos'onTst tnc Ü»M_?. tó i,nt*rc?'I"í; ma scientific setiM»..*UV Lwi Un?beïoï y«*»* on the island ,of Hawai, ".Sa,i°n\oeat«ilo, tho capital. 0"o nightlhe .ïïtft_1_«îMntl,he,IMT|,CI,the I'iclicH .' uPand veueSè- tr -°?Uil0,uí »Pewencmgtlie least incon Sfe îr"iî dlscorcrihe least 6iSn tbat .* bad SteX ;Ä,t".V00k ofi ani1 Put on ti* o'1»1'1»"* »Si' Mld -Wth,tho sauie Vertes* result. 'This fcSoSipí ÂtM,^0 m oommui,icating,vvitli ttdheiSfc' -A medlíal «amirtntion "as made, ho _liint.riï. ^ v *»aTl0 saspectea Iciiers; but fastaiiXr e" Uo W1s t!lcn sont to Molokal. and *taeoj\^>.ld 'or a .number of yeaW up to the to'ion ,5 faffaÄ;*9 da-v- BurinS WS adminis PoBular ovf w ? *** .as rocMssful as he wai ftfeT*5« f.001^T on the settlement; «Wl. « cheerful fZFvT** m the fa?e of 'b° KOPO to _Tn* V? ,hflPP>'a'.*»»cli.pcaplecould »«ry refoL _>tÄe th?,e, ?T&T;<* «»de FALL OF AN ASPIRANT TO ROPE-WALKING.—An amusing illustration of the ambition M. Blondín has communicated to .coloninl youths is reported by the stdnrtUcr to have taken place on the 7th instant, at the top end of Williatn-streot, Sandhurst, where' a score rtr two of boys were lost in wonder nnd admira- tion at the bjld feats performed by a youth upon ft" lopo a h ßlundin. To make as close an imitation as limited moans would permit of the entertainment given by the Australian Blondin, the venturesome youth had a rope stretched-from a fence top to about twenty feet into the centre o£ a v acant piece of ground ; a few tallo v.* candles were stuck' on sticks, and by this dim and uncertain light a boy- of about ten years,of ,age, bootless, -hatless, and coatloss, walked backward» and forwards on the rope, balancing himself with n long pole-a rudely hewn sapling. The youthful audienco were muan, taken with the »li?«-, and applauded the peiformer to tlie echo, who, stimulated to still more daring feats by the sweet soupd of applause, allbw-ed his young fiery ambition to outrun his prudonce, for prcseñtly.tiie tin whistle, to the doleful tunes of which Monsieur Le Petite Blondin was performing, ceased its dulcet strains, the lights wera extinguished, and a deep darkness enshrouded the fallen performer as he lay, not smiling, upon the ground. '1 he " fixtures " hail given away, and, n» tho aspiring youth had not yet learned how to walk ^mid-air without a rope at all, of course he fouqd his' level by the very simple laws of gravitation. Ho was, however, not. huit, and the scene altogether was about as comical a one as could be imagined. PIGEON-FLYING.—A pigeon-flying match in connec- tion with the Now bouth Wales Pigeon and Canaiy Society came olf last Saturday. It liad been looked forward to hy n great many who take pleasure in this pastimo with somo degree of interest, Some two .months ago a gentleman presented a handsome silver cuti to the society to bo flown for, his object being to bring into competition the best birds we have of this very peculiar and distinctive class known as Antwerp cnirieis. The conditions under which the mau-he» wore to bo flov.n in order to win the,cup vero, that.three matches should take place-one iron Mount Victoria to Svdney, a distance of se.-enty-eight miles on the western line of rail ; one from Moss Vale, eighty-six miles, on the southern line;'and the last match from Goulburn to Sydney, one hundred and thirty-four miles ; the first, second, and third birds in each race to receive'a certain number of points, the winner of most points to take the cUp. The inntclicn wore accordingly flown,- The Mount Victoria match was first, and was won' in excellent time-seventy-eight minutes-by Mr. Allcrton's bird. The icipnd vi-as ii om Moss Vale, when Mr. Crane's bil d did a very good fly, doing the distance in ninety minutes. 'The third match, as has been already stated, was flown from Goulburn to Sydney on Saturday last, when the distance was flown in very quick time. Four birds, all that had scored sufficient points to make them eligible to start in this race, were sent to Mr. Turner, of Goulburn, who kindly under- took the starting. The biuls were tossed at intervals of fifteen minutes. The first bird, Milich belongs to Mr. Davis, jun., of Newtown, was tossed at li sharp, and although it was not long in discovering in which direction its home lay, still some few minutes were lost before he finally struck for Sydney, flying high and strong, The second bird, belonging to Mr. Allerton, was tossed punctual to time, and lost very little time in enioying the salubrity of the Goulburn climate. It made for home very quickly. The third (Mr. Man's) bird loitered some few minutes; the fourth (Mr. Wright's) bird) shaped splendidly. Time-takers were at the homes of each bird, and when notes were compaied it was found'that Mr. Marr's was the winner, his bird doing tlie distance in 133 minutes ; Mr. Davis's second,' only losins by two minutes/ /The weather wa» repoited by ,tho starter to have been overcast and windy when the birds were tossed. MDLLE. CHARBONNET'S CONCERTS.—On Saturday evening Mdlle. Charbonnet (of the Conservatoire of Paris) assisted byMrs. Rosenberg, Mr. Jules Me "han, Herr Krctschman, and~Signor Steffani, gave a second concert at the Masonic Hall. There waa a large audience, including members of- the Governor s family, the concert being held under the patronage of Sir Hercules and Lady Robinson. .The principal features of the programme were, of course, the piano solos by Mdlle. Charbonnet, and the gifted young pianistc's performances were again a source of "unbounded pleasure to her audience. The selections played by her were .Concerto (Hummel) ; rondo, "La( Gaíté" (Weber) ; and " Quatuor diRigolctto;'.' and her skilful instrumentation' of these varied specimens of high-class music was for her tlie most flattering mark» of commendation. She received a number of bouquets .and was repeatedly encored, and had to bow her ^acknowledgments or respond to the compliment by a further performance. -Two piano duets by Mdlle.' (Jhiirbonuct and Mr. J. Mcilhan elicited warm applauä3. One of the most-pleasing- items in the evcning'scntertainmeñt was the violin and piano duct, Beethoven's "Grande Sonate," by Mdlle. Char- bonnet and Herr ¿Kretschraan. The ^instrumental portion of the concert _ -was completed by a couple" -of string'- quartettes by : Messrs. Krctschman. Moilhan, and gentlemen amateurs, bqth .crcditablo performers. - The vocal part of the Íirogramme was exceedingly well filled by Mrs." losenberg andSignor Steftarii. The beautiful music in Donizetti's aria "Ah non avea piu lagrime" was íendeied with the most telling effect by big'nor Steffani, .who was deservedly encored, and Mrsi .Rosenberg's singing of AróUti's "Bolero" was equally acceptable, and met with an encore. Mr. Charles Huenerbein performed the part of accompanist' most efficiently in this, one of the best concerts held in Sydney. THEATRE ROYAL.—Saturday night being the last of the Opera Boufe Troupe, there was a crowded house. The programme consisted of tho extravaganza of "Conrad and Medora," tlie "Tournament" scene .from the burledqueof " Ivanhoe," and the old favourite musical farce of "The Waterman," in which Miss Lydia How arde tookjthe patt of " Tom. Tug," intro- ducing all the orjginal songs,, as well as the stirring! ballad "The Bay of Bisçav," which, of course, brought down the house. Tlie whole of tho per- formances' vveie; given with great spirit, eliciting alternately the laughter and the applause of the audience. To-night the dramatic season under Mrs. Scott-Siddons will commence. QUEEN'S THEATRE.—The best that can be said of Messrs. Baker and'Farron's entertainment is that hundreds of people leave the Queen's Theatre without witnessing it. ' This may aeeman ambiguous'proposi ,tion, but the fact is that' the establishment is much' too small tq accommodate all the applicants for admis-, sion toit:-'-On Saturday night there was the'usual state of things, and many persons' stood for want of sitting ropru. The pi^ce offered for tho-delectatiomof bthe "audience is of the old melodramatic type,"with some modern innov ations that make inacceptable to all wjho. see it. It is wiitten evidently for the purpose, of ¡exhibiting the talents of Messrs. Baker and Furron, hut lincitlentnlly its arrangement offers opportunities for dispTavin'g the histrionic attributes,of Jheiespective members'' of the"'largo company who support those gentlemen! Of Mr. Farron's qualities as-an imper- sonator 'of [putch female eccentricitiesj nñd 'as the representative'6f the çoinic Irishman, it is not ncçca súty"'tousny líiorc than as Lizette he is extremely interesting," and as-Tim O'Flaheity- he keeps the juitlicnco in a high' state ot amusement while he occupic» the stage as cthat amusing personage.,. Mr. Baker, his able coadjutor, is an e'xtrein^lv" facile and ÇlQabingxielineator. of the comic aspects of the cha-, rnctcr of an Anglo-Dutchmnn. Both sing and dance ii'cllf- togqtliei, and -notwithstanding the- frequent epeijtiou of their entertainment, it has, in the'eyes of, many persons, sutiicient freshness nnd vigour to tempt th^nl to 'jo to witness it again and again. BILLIARDS.—The celebrated billiards player, Mr. John Roberts, announces his intention of displaying his skill before the pubhc nt the Masonic Hall. .His hrst'match -w ill take place on Thursday night next, when he,w,ill play Mi. Frederick Shorter, the "third best player,in the world/' giving his antagonist 250 points start for 1000 up. THE BLONDIN BROTHERS.—The brothers Le Grande gave another elitertainment on the tight rope across Middle .Harbour on -Saturday afternoon. They ihiishod .thpir hazardous journey in u successful man- ner, and. generally lepeated tho clever performance given on several previous occasions. AMUSEMENTS.—If tho attendance of people at places of entertainment be 'ah indication ot prosperity', the citizens of Sydney must be in, a most enviable' con- dition.-They attended in veiy laige numbers at-the various centres of amusement on .Saturday night. The,Guildhall was full, and the programmeroffere4 thoie'by Mri ïtead ceatainlv deserves put'ionage on account of its unique character, The mechanical' arrangements "under which that gentleman produces I ghosts in plentiful variety are .very porftct, and'tho ghosts nre ¡a'most interesting and well-behaved lot. At the' School df AiwTthè"proprietary of the Dioiama could not w iih for a better attendance. The gallery was particularly crowded,,and its occupants were extremely fervent in1 their expressions of approval of }he various scenes infolded tor their- gaze. Spencer s Polytechnic is securing a very fair amount ot patronage, and the articles and automatic groups of human being«,'birds, and animal* exhibited there I are well worth attention. 