Slade-ism, and. What Is It ? A correspondent in onr contemporary, Tho Age, who signB himself Pyrrho, has recently recorded his experiences of seances with Mr Blade, and in so doing has noticed onr account of a similar exhibition asboing" in,- conclusive, " and " evidently not the work of an expert in tho study of evidence.1' Pyrrho'e letter having been oubmitted to ono of our roportera "for any remarks he may have to make on the matter," we have received the following communication Melbourne, 10th Septombor, 1878. Sin, — What Dr, Blade did for Pyrrho and his "orthodox friend," I know not. Bnt what ho did for us, was fully and fairly reported.' Our instructions were to report honestly all wc saw, " to nothing extenuate nor set down aught in malice." ThiB wo did, If Dr, Blade treated Pyrrho ae a believer, and did greater marvels tor him than for ue, the fault is not onrs, Though we strongly expect that Pyrrho merely saw what we saw, bat was mora impressed than we were. By the way, his "orthodox friend" has not given his account of what he saw, and, if rumor speaks truly, his sobor version of tbe gteat manifestations are sadly at vnrianco with that of Pyrrho. Pray let him speak ont and declare whether or not he was favorably impressed with what he saw. During each of onr aeanccBl'r Slade wore slippers. At each of them one of ui held a slate, bnt the spirits invariably declined to write on it. With us the bell came up from the floor exactly as though it wero thrown by means of same- thing attached to the accordion, which was being ewnng by the medium under the table at the time- At no time, ex cept on the last occasion, when we were favored with the " text message," did we receive more than bIx words of spirit writing, and when on our slates, the writing was so hurried and bad that, though not unnsed to queer manuscript, we could not decipher it without the aid of the medium, On the last occasion, when the medium's slates were need, the writing was better. Ae to the , presumed fact that conjurors only act on a stage away from the audienco, and by means of machinery, the extract given iu yesterday's Herald— from Forater'a Life of Dickons — completely answers that question. Besides, who can say that there is no ma chinery in the room where Dr Slnde sits, I do not eay there is, but he would be a bold man who would offhand declare there is not. The room may be as full of machinery as any conjuror's stage, andj- thejdispositiou shown by Pyrrho to assume that there is no decep tion, and to believe all he is told, at oaco proclaims him sb unfit to undertake nn inquiry such as that on which he has embarked. The valne of Pyrrho'o testimony is, to my mind, full shown by his statements as to what the medium does with yonr slate at yonr own table. But Pyrrho does not say he saw this done, nnd I conclude that he takes it for granted that the medinm can produce manifestations under Bnch conditions be cause he says he can. Is it not true that at the seance given to Pyrrho and others in a pnblic room in- Melbonrne very little was done ? Bopa being the principal, if not the only manifestation. If this be not so, let ua know what waa done. As to Pyrrho not being able to find any strings on Dr Slade, how verdant the medium would be to let Pyrrho find them. Pyrrho wonders why, if Dr Slade be a coDjuror only, he fails sometimes. I fear Pyrrho is rather too gullible for an inquirer, if he docs not see that this is part of the business, adopted in order to oonfonnd Bceptics, by inducing them to believe, ns Pyrrho does, that there must be something in it because the medinm does not always suo- ceed. Besides, if the medinm fails occasion ally when there are no strict tests, it affords him an opportunity to do so when it would be impossible to succeed, and gives him an opportunity of referrisg to his failures nt other times as a proof that he cannot always command the intelligence. These occasiouul failures are a vital portion of the perfor mance. The more precious, as they necessitate the practice of those valuable qualities of cau tion, patience, nnd self-denial by tbe medium. With respect to tbe assertion that occasion ally manifes-'ati;m3 occur under the eyes of the visitors, 1 can only say that they did not occur with us, and when we asked Dr Slade to cause an; special manifestation, and he tried, but failed, be told us that wheu his mind or that of others was concentrated on the performance of any particular demon stration it did not oocnr. This, in plain English, I take to mean " When you watch too closely, the medium cannot perform as frpely as when you are Igbs observant of his actions," Ono gentle man, who declares himself qualified to speak with authority on tho subject, and to whom I suggested that a looking-glass should be so placed . that the boll under the table could be Been iu it and.watcbcd, remarked; " Do yon not know that when the human eye is directed towards ihespirits, it discon certs them?" I replied that I did not, but that -I knew from experienoe that tho human eye steadily fixed on the medium fre quently prevented manifestations, and that 1 felt sure, wore the human eye fixed on the bell, it would not move, nor would the pencil write in similar circumstances. When Pyrrho writes: " I know the lifting power is an invisible imponderable aura, tbat moves the otherwise inert mass of flesh and bone," I congratulate him upon the poseesBion of a depth and extent ot " know ledge" whioh no real scientist would lay claim to. This knowledge, however, I submit is probably of the same consistency as the aura itself, in bo far as it iB imponder« able and imperceptible. It will be observed that I have care, fully refrained from dealing with the question as to whether or not spirits of Brntns, Caesar, Moses, Bonaparte, Wellinga ton or Shakespeare do prowl round and smash fnrnitnre and hand in chamber utensils at Beances, and that I Blmply aver that nothing done by Dr Slade in our pre sence could not bo as well or better done by a clever juggler, As one of the inquirers having gone so far with this snbject, 1 now wish to mention a fact which came within my own knowledge, and which should cauBe us to receive with great caution reports of wonderful seances, In passing, I would remark that of ths religion of Spiritism I say nothing, because I have not inquired into the subjeot so as to enable me to give my opinion on it, I am perfeotly ready to admit that if it conld be demonstrated that tbe departed spirits of dear friends were over at our el de aiding ns, and endeavoring to strengthen us from temptation, nnd that our innermost thoughts wero known to them, this know ledge would tend to prevont many Becrct vices, and would be a great moral agent, I am now, however, dealing with a number of so-called spirit manifestations. The circum stance to which I wishod to call atteatioo, as shewing how persouB are unintentionally deceived ns to what thoy really sniv, is as follows : — At the Town Hall, during one of tho Davenport entertainments, Mr Hnrwood, then of the Theatre Boyal, was on tho Btago, and just before tho dark teanee, when ProfesBor Fay had been bound, Mr Hnrwood was requested to take off Mb coat and place it on the Bmall table beside Fay, He did so, The lights were turned out, and on being re-lighted in a few seconds, a ooat was seen, in the air, ae though thrown, or, perhaps, bb Pyrrho wonld say, watted, in tho direction where Mr Harwoed sat. This was ProfeBsor Fay's ooat, and on the back of the Professor wns found the coat whioh Mr Harwood had placed on tho table. Fay's hands were fonnd bound bb before, the seals on the rope knots being unbroken. From wlint I have said it will be seen that ull the business, whatever it was, was done by Fay. lint, on the front seats at tho Town Hall, sat soveral ladies and gentlomen, of irroproaohable character, who would not willingly utter an untruth, some of whom informed me that tho wholo party were prepared to mako an oath that what was done, was this : Daring the dark eeauoe. Mr Harwood's coat was taken off his back and put on Fay, ond Fay's coat was taken off hie back and put oa to Mr Hnrwooe, Many of the wonderful manifestations of whioh we licnr are( I fear ns wide of the mark as tho account given by tho ladies and gentlomen referred to of tbe Fay performance. Pyrrho to-day essays to answer the quotation Irom tho life of Dickens, given in yesterday's Herald. The difference between Dr Slndo and the conjuror mentioned by Dickens is, that the former performs in his own room, having made his own preparations, and under his own table. That with ns no writing appeared on the Blate except when it was held by the medinm, ond that tho latter performed in pnblic; and stood in the centre of his audience. I think that any impartial man who reads what waa done by Slade, and what Dickens says was accomplished by tho French conjuror, will admit that the latter ia the cleverer of the two.' What John Wesley saw or felt is foreign to the discis sion. The Herald quoted Dickens in' support of its assertion that nothing whioh Slatle did while the members of its staff were present conld not be done equally aB well by a clever juggler, and it has proved, on Dickens's testimony, that even Slada's great feaf,that of slate-writing, was better done by a B'reuoh soldier, nearly a _ quarter of a oontury ago. I will not qhota the Humor ous persona of Btanding who were ready to vouch for the truth of tho Oook- lano ghost, becaucc it would be as little to tho point as the John Wesley episode. I havoneither denied nor affirmed the possibility of disembodied spirits manifesting them selves. 1 have kept strictly to the Slaile manifestations, and intend, at present, so to uc. It may be of valne to those who take an interest in these manifestations to mention one or twooircnmstances which arose at the trial of Blade in London. In the first place, his counsel declared that bis client never professed to hold communion with the spirits of the dead. Again, a gentleman, who announced himself as a believer in spiritualism, went to Dr Blade with a locked Blate, and Baid: " If you will cause tho epirits to write in this slate, it will not only convince mo, which ia not hecesBary, but it will convince the world." The reply was characteristic. I quote at the moment from memory: — " The spirit of my wifo, Alee, who aids me, having being subjected to a number of chemical and other tests in America, declared tbat she would never write in a locked slate." The following account of what took place at one of Blade's seances was given on oath by Professor Lsnkester at the trial referred to : — Slade then said to me, "Borne of the spirits of your relatives wero here last time." I said " Yes," and he said " We will see whether they are here again." He com menced the manoeuvring with the pencil and put tbe Blate under the table. When he brought the slate up it had on it "Samnel Lankester." Dr Donkin looked at it and said "I think it is Edwin." Blade then said " perhaps it iB," and rnbbsd the name off tbe slate remarking " we will try again." Then he got the Blate under the table after the usual preliminary, and said the spirits were a long time ooming to me. He said "The spirits wrote to yon on the last ' occasion," I said "Yes," and he said "if yon will bold the slate perhaps they will write more distinctly." I held ont my hand and dragged the slate from him directly he pat it in position under the corner of tho table. I drew it from him before it had bsen in position tbe fraction of a second, and. I got up from tho table and held the elate up and said "Yon have" already written upon it. I have watched yon doing it each time, Yon are a scoundrel and an impostor." Dr Donkin got up from the table and used rather a strong expression. He said to Slade "You area liar." I then carried the slate into the waiting-room, where there were five people besides Simmons. Slade said, nothing at ail. He appeared much agitated, fell back in tbo chair, and became white. He made no: explanation whatever. As soon as 1 got into the other room I said to the persons who were there, and in Bimmous's presence, "I have taken thia slate away from Slade, when he professed that it was free from writing, and you see bare ie a meBsage already written upon it." I told them that I was convinced it was a trick, and that I had come to die- cover it, I then turned to Simmons and said, " I shall write to the newspapers and expose you as an impostor." Simmons said, "It is not the first time this sort of thing has happened- to ue. Yon will do ns no harm, Wo have had two hundred poo tile here who will all. come back to see if they havo been imposed npon." At the time he made a movement of his eye lid, very much like a wink. (Laughter) Meanwhile Slade had followed me into the snte-room, and then he said twice, " It aan all be explained; If two gentlemen will come into the next room, I will show them the manner." I waited some twenty minutas to see if he would come out again. I then left with Dr Donkin, and wrote a letter to the Times newspaper the same day, I sub sequently applied at thie court for criminal proceedings against Blade ond Simmons. I am proceeding in thia case in the public interest, I have no private interest or feeling whatever, in the matter. Nothing occurred in my presence, whichh&vingregard; ts where the defendant Made sat. and to his moving his seat and position, waa out of his reach to perform ; nothing uaenrred in my presence that he could not have performed. The movement of the tendons of the wrist I observed on tho occasion of the first writing; in tbe second, I saw tbe upper part of hie arm moving, and I could hear sonnde of writing. E5In answer to the question, 31adeism,whnt is it? I reply — Hnmbng and Jugglery. Simply this and nothing more. In this view I am confirmed, not only by the gen tlemen named above, bnt also by the other members of The Herald Btaff, and, I believe, by Pyrrho'e " orthodox friend," four ont of those five being with me. Now, a word of caution in conclusion. Let not any person be so verdant as to imagine that there is not more than ono way of doing the several tricks shown by Mr Blade. He would be a poor conjnror indeed who conld not perform his feats more than one way. Hence, when sne method of doing his work is exposed, he ostentatiously calls attention to the faot that tho trick conld not ba done tbat way, and performs it, or somo similar one, in a slightly different manner. The conclusion to which the members of your staff arrived, and to which they gave expreBBion, was thiB; That nothing waa done in our presence by Slade whioh could not be done by a clever conjuror, and that when Mr Blade professed to hold communion with the spirits of tho dead, he was an impostor and a humbug. I think we have proved the soundness of the position assumed by us. Beyond this we have not travelled. ONE OF YOUK 1NQUIUEBS. 