STEAM TO ENGLAND. Things are very different now from, the time when the Great Britain was the sole representative of the steam fleet trading between England aud Aus tralia. The old ship had it all her own way for many years, bad luck appearing to attend every attempt to compete with her. The wreck of the London for some tune deterred shipowners from sending their steamers on a voyage of 70 days to Australia; but at last Messrs. Money Wigram started the Somersetshire, and for some time these two steamers ran regularly between London and Melbourne. The Queen of the Thames then appeared, and made fine run to the sister colony; but the return voyage was disastrous, and she became a total wreck near the Cape. The passage of the St. Osyth, Wliampoa, Zealandia, and Australia showed that the voyage could be made under 45 days by large, full-powered steamers, and, although the experiment of Messrs. Devitt & Moore in dispatching the Glenelg to Adelaide was not saccessful from a pecuniary point of view, it was simply on account of the size of the vessel. The owners of the Orient line were the next to try the experiment, and they commenced in June last to send out fine full-powered steamships. The Lusitania made the passage to Melbourne in 40 days, and f t was followed by the Chimborazo in 42 to Adelaide. The Cuzco arrived in 40 days, and the Stad-Amstcrdam, smaller ship, made the run in 44 days. The experiment was successful, and we now learn that Messrs. Green & Co. and Anderson<& Co. have arranged for a monthly line of steamers. The fleet is to consist of the Aconagua, 4,10G tons; Chimborazo, 3,847 tons; Cuzco, 3,845 tons; Garonne, 3,871 tons; and Lusitania, 3,825 tons. This will probably revolutionise the passenger service between the colonies and the old country, and we shall soon find it as rare for passengers to travel by sailing vessels as it is between Great Britain and the United States. When the run home an be made in 40 days people will ob ect to be a hundred on the passage t will soon be passible to go home and eturn in the samo time as the single assage would take by a sailing ship, Great praise is due to the owners for heir plucky endeavor to make the steam servicc a succcss. The OrKNixc of the Gawler Sonooj,s.— It is now definitely settled that the new schools are to be opened on Thursday January 24. A meeting of the Committee was held in the Cominittec- room of the Institute on Tuesday evening, Mr. H. E, Bright, jun., in the chair, whey it was resolved to celebrate the occasion by holding a cold collation in the Institute Rooms Messrs. J. Thornley, E. Totter, and J. Jones were appointed a Sub-Committee to act with the Town Council to arrange the dctaifs, alodother Sub-Committees appointed as follows - —Committee on Decorations, Messrs. D. W. Dufficld, J. F. Martin, T. Neville, L. Harcus, and C. C. Thomas. Programme Committee—Messrs. T. O. Jones. W. Malcolm, J. Thornley, J. Rudall, and E. Potter. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings. Flee.—On Sunday morning last about quarter past 10 the inhabitants of Gawler were startled by hearing the fire-bell ringing, and it was discovered that the rubbish heap at the rear of Messrs. W. J. Jones & Co, chaff' mills, had by some means become ignited. It was some time before the engine got to the spot, and after its arrival it was not got to woyk for neavly half an ljour, owing to the fact that the hose would not fit the pipes. Wlien, it was at last fixed, it was found that the supply of water was inadequate. The foreman did not arrive on the ground for about throe-quarters of an hour after the fire-bell was riyjg, a;wl on hjs arrival demanded who was going to them for putting out a rubbish heap, and said he thought they had better go home. It was, however, represented to him that there was danger to other buildings, and the fire was ultimately subdued^ The result, was not such as to inspire the townspeople with much faith in the value of the fire-engine case of a serious conflagration. This fire broke out again about 3 o'clock on Thursday morning, but as the engine was engaged at the fire at Mr. Martin's it was allowed to burn itself out. Several people were present, but could do nothing. On Friday Inspector Neville had his men on the ground, and the heap was well covered up with clay, &c.; thps preventing further danger. The Gawler IIefles.—The following are the appointments of non-commissiotiedofficers in. -connection with the H Company of Rifles, Gawler: — Color-Sergeant, James Taylor Sergeants, J. Crump, C. W. Niquct, and It. Pinson. Hobse Drowned.—What might have been a very serious accident happened to Mr. T. Engelbrechi of this town on Friday last, It appears that lie had driven over to Two Wells, and on his return missed the track The. weather being- very hot he jot very thirsty, and on coming to. a watcrholc, drove into, it, intending to give the horse a drink, as well as to get one himself. He found, however, that the hole was 11 feet deep, and immediately on entering it the trap was upset, and he was thrown into the water.. The horse was drowned ; and we understand tb#t Mr. Eagelbrceht had a very narrow escape, having in some way got entangled the gear when the trap was upset. The School Enrolment.—We learn that nearly 500 scholars were enrolled on. Monday and Tuesday, last. It ib expected that the total number will in a week or two reach 600. Tar. Magjstracv.—We learn that Mr. Ebenc^er Keynes, late of Angaston, has been appointed Special Magistrate for the Streaky Bay District, vice Mr. O. K. Richardson, deceased. h c b r a w t o SUNSTROKE:.—On Saturday afternoon information was received at the Police Stationthat a man named Edwin Austin was lying at the back of Fotheringham's Brewery, He" was taken to the Station, and Dr. Dawes was called in to see him, and he recommended' his removal to the Adelaide Hospital, as he* was suffering from sunstroke. P.C. Thomas accordingly took him down by the nighttrain. The man, who has been an inmate of the Destitute Asylum, has recently been engaged as a shepherd. Serious Accident.—On Wednesday afternoon as Mr. N. McNeil, jun., was driving down the hill at Kingsford, with Miss McNeil and Miss Baxnett, the horses bolted, and the seat of the trap, an express waggon, got loose, and Mr. McNeil wasi thrown out. The two ladies followed shortly afterwards, and Miss Baraett was somewhat seriously injured, being thrown out on her head, and sustaining a slight concussion of the brain. Miss McNeil and her;brother were less seriously injured, as they •escaped with simply a few cuts and bruise;;. The trap was subsequently capsized, and somewhat damaged. We are happy to htar that Miss Barnett is recovering. Boyai, M4X10NETTES.—This company will make their first appearance in Gawler nest Monday. Those who have already seen them need no invitation to repeat their visit, and those who have not seen them cannot do better than seize the opportunity. The troupe will remain three nights in Gawler, and propose to give an afternoon perfonoanc* on Wednesday, i Fibes at Nappeeby.—Ne\iT3 has been received in Adelaide, stating piat the Post- Offiee at Napperby has been totally destroyed by fire, and that all the letters have been burnt. The Post- Office was in Keightly's store, whioh, it will be seen from our telegraphic columns, was "completely destroyed. On Wednesday- evening Goldsey's Hotel, situated in the same block as this store, was destroyed by fire, and it is : supposed that it was caused by embers of the firo from the store being blown to the * ' The Overland Telegraph.—Communiation on the Overland Telegraph Line has een interrupted beyond Daly Creek. Drainage of Adelaide.—Mr. W. Clark's eport has been presented to the City Council, nd will be considered at a special meeting, hen the Council will feit in Committee of he whole. His acoouats amount to £1,1G5, f which amount thu Government ha§ to i pay £500. The report recommends deep , drainage, and estimates tb* cost to the'City : at £140,000. ' j The Cutteea*>7> Kino Concert Com- j tasv.—It will be: seen from an advertise- j uvent in another column that this town is to.] be favored with a visit from this Company,;! which is now performing ia Adelaide. - hear golden opinions of all the .members of; the company, ehd. we bave no doubVthsy ", will be highly /appreciated, intGawier. -Mr^ D. George, tVe active advance agent, ha ftli^xl- fowluc. . and secured th Institute for IA10 28th and 23th ii»t. ~ The Drought in Victoria.—A gentleman who owns 'station property in the Benalla district, Victoria, informs the Ararat Advertiser that the loss of sheep in that district, from drought and other causes, has beep something enormous, as returns from the following; stations show :—Katandia, 9,000; Cobram, 4,000; Yariawonga, 5,000; 1'cechelba, 5,000; Benalla, 3,000.; Tallagaroopna, 8,000; Pine Lodge, 3,000 ; Emu Plains, 3,000; Karimba, 8,000; Ulupna, G,000; St. James' and Yabba Yabba, 3.400. Total, 57,400. A "Lucky CRiMiNAi.—A curiops instance has recently occurred in France! of a grearf; criminal- owing his life to the bad spelling Of the Foreman of the Jury. Haas, a desperate convict, who killed a gaoler at Poissy, was. found guilty; but the Foreman, in handing in the verdict, according to the law, "Yes, by- a majority"—in French, "majority"— spelt the latter word "margoritg." The Court of Cassation held that th«: misspelling was a fatal objection, and granted a new trial. The Jury,, from a feeling of compassion, more natural than -logical, for a manj who had endured the agonies of so long a' suspense, now gave Haas extenuating circumstanccs, and he is sentenced to penal servitude for life. Vegetarianism.—The memY-cra of the Vegetarian Society celebrated thjiir thirteenth anniversary on October 24 fry a soiree at Manchester. In the evening a. : meeting, attended by about 500 persons, fihieSy members of the society, was held. l"he Gkajrmau. having briefly opened the proaieediiKS, the Secretary read a report of the yiear's proceedings, from which it appears tliiit since 1S70 the number of members has increased from 125 to 1,458, and the amount <>f the annual subscriptions from £68 to ten times that amount. Resolutions, advocating the increased cultivation of fruit aji an auxilary' food supply, inviting the co-oj eration of all humane people and friends of; sobriety, and urging the adoptam of a simplt: and natural deit, were carried unanimously. The anniversary is said, to have btSJn the most successful ever held. Ignorance is Canada.—IT is staAicd, on the authority of the Monti* ail Star, thaji thirteen out of seventeen Freach CanadiaiJ Grand Jurors 111 Montreal, at a. recent session of the Supreme Court, could -not write their nar/wsf The Star says:—"It is to the csedifc of the English-speaking; jurors op the panel that not one labored unjer such disgraceful drawback. There U probably not another section of the whole i .inerican continent where anything like sup!i a proportion of the native population could be fouijSd unable to write as in this old settled province of Quebcc. It is only a few days since we noticed that the census returcu; of the State of Massachusetts showed l«;s than 2 per cent, out of the whole natj ve population unable to read, and write. lit is terrible to think that the lives and 3il>erties of the people arc placed, at the mcs> -y of ignoraiii men." RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—About 8 o'clock 011 Thursday evening last a young man named Brian King met with a sad accident on the Gladstone and Jamestown Sail way. The Northern Argus says:—"While loading sleepers he fell under a loaded truck, the wheels of which passed over his left knee and'crushed it in a frightful manner. Dr. McGowan was soon in attendance, and concluded that amputation was necessary. A message was dispatched to Laura for Dr. Fofsyth, who arrived late the same night, and Dr. McGowan at once performed the operation. The patient, we are informed, is THE COLONY AT HOME.—Mr. J. C. F. Jolmson, of the Register, has made a proposal to the Government to take charge of a panorama of the colonial views in the United Kingdom. He proposes " to procure a good set of Chadburn's or HJghley's lanterns for dissolving views, furnished with the oxyhydrogen light apparatus, which can ~ 1)e obtained at a reasonable sum now, ahd exhibit prepared photographs of the views. Hie cost 'would be very moderate, and the whole apparatus could be easily transported from one part of the kingdom to another." The views are to include Adelaide, Port Adelaide with the shipping, public buildings, factories, farms, some of the prettiest villages and townships, sheep stations, general scenery, farming, pastoral, and manufacturing operations. Maps also would be displayed, and pamphlets and handbooks distributed. Mr. Johnson very reasonably considers himself, from his knowledge of the colony and aptitude as a speaker, qualified to give the accompanying lectures, while his Press experience would necessarily be of great advantage in carrying out such a service. The Government have, so far, taken no notice of his offer except by a formal acknowledgment. THE SravEr OF PALESTINE, -T- MR. W. Hepworth Dixon, Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Fund, writes as follows to the Times on October 2:—"I have great pleasure, in the name of the Committee, to inform yon that a telegram has this day been received from Lieutenant Kitchener, RE., announcing the completion of the scientific survey of Western Palestine. When that officer took out the party in January there remained to be done about 1,000 square miles of Northern Palestine, including the greater portion of the province of Galilee and iSOO miles between Gaza and Beersheba. The northern piece of country begun on the 27th February last was finished on the IGih of July. The survey was commenced in January, 1872, and with the exception of 15 months in 1875-76, spent in home work, had been in active progress during that time. Its history, which remains to be written, and which we hope to present to the world before long, abounds in records of events, adventures, and escapes, as well as of solid and uninterrupted labor. At the very beginning success was imperilled by the iil- 3 jlie •fttftt. affioer "Mr feom-- mand, Captain Stewart, to return to Eng- . land. Bis place was taken by Mr. Tyrwhitt Drake, who carried on the survey "until the arrival of lieutenant Conder. In the third year of the survey Mr. Drake fell a victim . to climate^ exposure, and hard work. After bis death. lieutenant Kitchener went out to .join the party as second in command. In the fourth year occurred the attack on the expedition. at Safed, after which the parly came home, and remained in England doing the mecessaiy office work until last January, when lieutenant Kitchener went out again to complete the task now happily accomplished. We hold in our hands, therefore, the materials of a map which will give the world for the first time such a geography of Palestine as will make the topography of the Bible completely intelligible. The map, which is on the scale of one inch to a mile, will consist of 26 sheets, each to be accompanied by its own memoir. These contain thousands of names, very many those of places in the Bible not yet identified, together with many found in Talmudic, early Christian, and Crusading histories. There are special detailed plans of all important ruins, and there is a vast mass of information on biblical subjects, which Lieutenant Conder is now reducing to shape." AJT ESTKAORDRFAER FREAK.—About 8 o'clock on a recent Sunday evening the pedestrians crossing Blackfriars Bridge were not a little startled to see sitting on one of the centre abutments a young woman only partly clothed, her hair en deshabille, and her face whitened all over with what seemed to be flour. An English paper says:—"Ona crowd gathering around her, and one of the number asking her what she did there dressed in'' that fashion, she promptly ' answered, ' Fm a ghost,' and began rolling about her eyes in a most unearthly fashion. Thereupon a gentleman, taking her by the arm, threatened to have her loeked up for disorderly conduct if she did not get down and go away; and this Lad the desired effect, for, with a wild slrnck of ' Don't touch me ; Fm a ghost—Fm a ghost!' she took to her heels, and ultimately disappeared up one of the passages off Lower Ground-street, to the amusement and bewilderment of quite a couple of hundred of pursuers." MAEETE BOAED TEEP.—The steamer Governor Musgrave returned to Port Adelaide on Monday evening, January 14, after taking the following members of the Marine Board on their annual inspection of the lighthouses on the south-eastern coast:—Captain B. H. Fergusson, S.M. (President), CaptainsTapley and J. W. Smith, and Mr. Formby. The Advertiser says "that the lighthouses at Capes Jaffa and Northumberland were inspected, and Eivoli and MaeDonℓ Bays were visited. The latter port was left at 5 o'clock on Sunday evening, and Glenelg reached at half-past 6 on Monday evening. About 8 o'clock on Monday morning, when 36 miles east of Cape Wilkmgliby, a brig was passed bound for Port Adelaide, In addition to the members of the Marine Board, the following gentlemen returned in the Mustrrave: — The Hons. W. Morgan, G. C. Sawjicr. and L. Glyde, and Mr. A. Il^rdy, SUPERSTITION.—A late trial for murder in Pennsylvania terminated in a verdict of not guilty. This verdict was received with great surprise by the Judge, who had charged against the prisoner. The reason for the unexpected decision of the Jury is said to have been found in the utterance of one of the jurymen, who said after the trial, " We were afraid that Rosser's ghost in the after- lifetime would haunt us if we found him guilty." AN UPRIGHT JUDGE.—Some young men in the town of N having " cut up " one Bight to the detriment of certain windows and bell-pulls, were lodged in the calaboose, and in due time the next morning were confronted before the Police Magistrate, who fined them $5 each, and administered an admonition. One of them foolishly remarked —"Judge, I was in hopes you would remember me; I belong to the same lodge as you." " Ah, is it so J Truly this is Bro. . I did not recognise you. Excuse me for my dullness. Yes, we are brother Masons, and I should have thought of that. Mr. Clerk, fine our brother $10. Being a Mason, he knows better the rules of propriety than any other man. Fine him §10. You, will pay the clerk, brother. Good morning. Callthenextcase." We (Canada Casket) can vOuch for the truth of the above. The upright Judge referred to was that good man and true., Judge Storey of Cincinnati, Ohio, ENGLISH DBFNKENJTESS.—It is not pleasant to read an extract like the following from the Daily Telegraph, a paper which is not famous for temperance proclivities:— "We are the most ehronically drunken people, we will not say in the world, but in Europe. There is no use beating about the bush in the matter. England is preeminently the country where people get "mad-drunk," and where delirium tremens is rife; and out of six murders it is quite within the limits of moderation to say that four are committed while the murderer is more or less under the influence of strong drink. Every year brandy,, gin, whisky, and rum send their hundreds, if not their thousands, of more or less incurable victims to the madhouses, the number of whose inmates,, as also of the asylums for idiots, are steadily recruited from the ranks of congenital lunatics and imbeciles, the normally mentally diseased offspring of drunken SPIMTCTAIISM.—Spiritualists, if there are any in this part of the world, will doubtless be glad to bear that the celebrated " medium," Dr. Slade, is intending to pay a visit to Australia, He is expected to arrive in Melbourne about May next, and it is proposed that he shall pay a visit to Adelaide. HARNESS.—We have seen at the saddlery establishment of Mr. H. Caire, a veiy handsome set of buggy harness, wliieh lias been completed by liiai for Mr. D. Thomson, his predecessor in the business. It is handsomely mounted, and of the best workmanship. - 