"FOR PERCIYAL." CHAPTER XLIX. HOW TEE SUN BOSS IN GLADNESS AND SET THE VALLEY OF THE SHADOW OF DEATH. IN The Wednesday which was so white a day for Judith and Percival had dawned brightly at Fordborough. Sissy, opening her eyes on the radiant beauty of the morning, sprang up with an exclamation of delight. Kie day before had been grey and uncertain, but this-was golden and cloudless. A light breeze tossed the acacia boughs, and showed flashes of blue between the quivering sprays. The dew was still hanging on the clustered white roses which climbed to her open window, and the birds were singing - among the leaves, as if they were running races in a headlong rapture of delight. Sissy did not sing, but she said to herself, " Oh, how glad the Latimers must be!" She was right, for at a still earlier hour the Latimer girls had been flying in and out of their respective rooms iu a perfectly aimless, joyous, childishly happy fashion, like a flock of white pigeons. And the sum of their conversation was this, " Oh, what a day ! What a glorious day!" Yet it sufficed for a babel of bird-like voices. At last one, more energetic than the rest, in her white dressing-gown, and with her hair hanging lcose, flew down the long oakpanneiled corridor, and knocked with mightand main at her' brother's door. " Walter! Walter! Wake up, do! You said it would rain, and it doesn't rain! It is a lovely morning! O Walter!" Walter responded briefly, to the effect that he had been awake since half after three, and was aware of the fact. Henry Hardwicke, who had been to the river for an early swim, stopped to discuss the weather with a labourer who was plodding across the fields. The old man looked at the blue sky with an air of unutterable wisdom, made some profound remarks about the quarter in which the wind was, added a local saying or two bearing on the case, and summed up to the effect that it was a fine day. Captain Fothergill had no particular view from his window, but he enquired, at an early hour what tbe weather was like. Ashendale Priory was a fine old ruin, belonging to the Latimers, and about six miles from Latimer's Couit. Sissy Langton had said one day that she often passed it in her rides, but had never been into it. Walter Latimer was astonished, horrified, and delighted, all at once, and vowed that she must see it, and should see it, without delay. This Wednesday had been fixed for an excursion there, but the proj ect was nearly given up on account of the weather. As late as the previous afternoon the question was seriously debated at the Court by a council composed of Walter and three* of his sisters ODe of the members was sent to look at the barometer. She reported tbat it had gone up in the most extraordinary manner since lun- cheon. The announcement was greeted with delight, but it was discovered late that evening that Miss Latimer had had a happy thought. Fearing tbat the barometer would be utterly ruined by tbe shaking and tapping which it underwent, she had screwed it up to a height at which her younger brothers and sisters could not wish to disturb it, had gone into the village, and had forgotten all about it. There was general dismay and laughter. " It will rain," said Walter; " it will certainly rain. I thought it was very queer. Well, it is tco late to do anything now. We must just wait and see what happens." And behold the morrow had come, the clouds were gone, and it was a day in a thousand, a very queen of days. The party started for Ashendale, some' riding, some driving, waking the qniet green lanes with a happy tumult of wheels, and horse-hoofs, and laughing voices. Captain Fothergill contrived to be near Miss Langton, and to talk in a fashion which made her look down once or twice when she had encountered the eagerness of his dark, eyes. The words he said might have been pub-.' lished by the town-crier. ' But that functionary would not have reproduced the tone andmanner which rendered them significant, though Sissy hardly knew the precise amount of meaning they were intended to convey. She was glad when the tower of the Priory rose above the trees. So was Walter Latimer, -who had been eyeing the beck of Fothergill's head, or the sbarply-cnt profile which was turned so frequently towards -Miss Langton, and who was firmly persuaded that the Captain ought to be shot. Ashendale Priory was built nearly at the bottom of a hill. Part of it, close by tbe gateway, was a farm-bouse, occupied by a tenant of tbe'Latimero. His wife, a pleasant, middleegt d woman, came out to meet them as they dismouiitedr»iiu a rosy daugnter of 16 or 17 lirgered thyly iu the little garden, which was full to overflowing of old-f jshioDcd flowers, and humming with multitudes of bees. The hot sweet fragrance of the crowded borders made Sissy say that it was like the very heart' of Bummer-tima. " A place to recollect and dream of on a November day," said Fothergill. " Oh, dont talk of November now. I ha f e it." " I don't want November, I assure yo",* he replied. " Why cannot this last for ever Y" " The weather ?" " Much more than the weather. Do you suppose that I should only remember that it was a fine day ?" " What, the place too ?"' said Sissy. " It is beautiful, but I think you would soon get tired of Ashendale, Captain Fothergill." " Do you he said in a low voice, looking it ber with tbe eyes which seemed to draw he -« to meet them. " Try me, and see which will be tired first." And, without giving her time to answer, he went on, "Couldn't you be content with Ashendale ?" "Foralways? I don't think I could. Not for all my life." " Well, then, the perfect place is yet to find," «aid Fothergill; "and how charming it must be." " If one should ever find it!" said Sissy. "One!" Fothergill looked at her again. " Not one! Won't you hope we may both find it?" "Like the people who hunted for the Earthly Paradise," said Sissy hurriedly. " Look, tbev are going to the ruins." And she hastened to join the others. Latitat r noticed that she evidently, and very properly, would not permit Fothergill to monopolise her, but seemed ratiier to avoid the fellow. To his surprise, however, he found that there wss no better fortune for himself. Fothergill bad brought a sailor cousin, a boy of nineteen, -curly- haired, sunburnt, and merry, with a sailor's delight in flirtation and fun," and Archibald Carroll fixed his violent, though temporary. affections on Sissy, the moment he was introduced to her at the Priory. To Latimer's great disgust Sissy distinctly encouraged, him, and .the .two went off together during the progress round the ruins. There was some old fishponds to be seen, with swans, and reeds, and watier-lilies, and- when they were tired of scrambling about the grey walls, there was a little -copse hard by, the perfection of sylvan scenery on a small scale. The party speedily dispersed, rambling where their fancy led them, and was seen no more till the honr- winch had been fixed 'for dinner. Mrs. Latimer, meanwhile, chose a aspace of level turf, superintended the unpacking of tampers,_ and when the wanderers came dropping in, by twos and threes, from all parts of-the compass, professing unbounded readiness to help iu the preparations, there was nothing left for them to do. Among tbe latest were Sissy and her vquire. a radiant pair. She was-charmed with her saucy sailor boy, who had no serious intentions or hopes, who would most like be gone on the morrow, and who asked nothing more, than to be happy with her through that happy summer day. People and things were apt to grow perplexing and 8a' 1 , when they came into her everyday life, but here was a holiday companion, arrived as unexpectedly -as if- he were created for her holiday, with no snch thing aa an afterthought about the whole affair. Latimer sulked, but his rival smiled when the two young people arrived . For—thus argued Ray mond Fothergill, with a vanity which was so calm, so dear, so certain, that it sounded like reason itself—it was not possible that Sissy Langton preferred Carroll to himself. Even had it been Latimer, or Hardwicke—but Carrollno ! Therefore she used the one cousin merely to avoid the other. But why did she wish to avoid him ? He remembered her blushes, her shyness, the eyes that sank before his own, and be answered promptly that she feared him. ' He triumphed in the thought. He had contended against a gentle indifference on Sissy's part, till, havirg heard rumours of a bygone love affair, be had suspected the existence of an unacknowledged constancy. Then what'did this fear mean ? It wss obviously the self-distrust of a heart unwilling to yield, clinging to its old loyalty, yet aware of a new weakness, seeking safety in flight, because unable to resist. Fothergill was conscious of power, and conld wait with patience. CIt would have been unreasonable to expect him to spend an equal amount of time and talent in accounting fbr Miss Langton's equally evident avoidance of young Latimer. Besides, that was a simple matter. He bored her, no doubt.) When the business of eating and drinking was drawing to a close, little Edith lAtimer, the youngest of the party, began to arrange a lapful of wild flowers, which she had brought back from her ramble. Hardwicke, who had helped her to collect them, handed them to her, one by one. A green tuft which he held up caught Sissy's eye. " Why, Edie, what have you got there ?" she said. " Is that maiden-hair spleen wort ? Where did you find it?" "In a crack in the wall—there's a lot more," tbe child answered, and at the same moment Hardwicke said, " Shall I get you some ?" " No—I'll get some," exclaimed Archie, who was lying at Sissy's feet. "Miss Langton would rather I got it for her, I know." Sissy arched her brows. " She has so much confidence in me," Archie explained. " Please give a leaf of that stuff, Miss Latimer, I want to see what it's like/' " My confidence is rather misplaced, Fm afraid, if you don't know what' you are going to look for." " Not a bit misplaced. Yon know very well I shall have a Bort of instinct which will take me straight to it." *"Dear me! It hasn't any smell, you know," said Sissy with perfect gravity. " Oh, how cruel! " said Carroll. " Withering up my delicate feelings with thoughtless sarcasm! Smell—no! My what d'ye call it— sympathy—will tell me which it is. My heart will beat faster as I approach it. But Til have that leaf all the same, please." !" And it might be as well to know where to look for it." '"We found it in the ruins—in the wall of the refectory," Baid Hardwicke, Sissy looked doubtful, but Carroll exclaimed, " Oh I know! That's where the old fellows used to dine, isn't it ? And had sermons read to them all the time!" "What a bore!" some one suggested. " Well, I don't know about that," said Archie. " Sermons always are awful bores, ain't they ? But I don't think I should mind 'em so much if I might eat my dinner all the time." He stopped with a comical look of alarm. "I say—we haven't got any parsons here, have we?" "No," said Fothergill smiling. "We've brought the surgeon, in case of broken bones, but we left the chaplain at home. So you may give tis the benefit of your opinions." " I thought there wasn't one," Archie re- ; marked, looking up at Sissy, " because nobody said grace. Or don't you ever say grace at a pic-nic2i' " I ion't think you do," Sissy replied. " Unless it were a very Low Church picnic, perhaps. I don't know, I'm sure." " Makes a difference being out of doors, I suppose," said Archie, examining the little frond which Edith had given him. " And this is what you call maiden-hair ?" What should yon call it ?" "A libel!" he answered. "Maiden-hair indeed! Why I can see some a thousand times prettier, quite close by. What can you want with this ? 1'ou can't see the other, but FIl tell you what it's like. If s the most beautiful brown, wjth gold in it, and it grows in little ripples, and waveB, and CUTIB, and .nothing ever was half so fine before, and it catches just the edge of a ray of sunshine—Oh,' don't move your head!— and looks like a golden glory " . ."Dear me!" said Sissy. "Then I'm afraid it^ very rough !" • - _« And the least bit of it is worth a cartload of this green rubbish!" " All! But yon see it is very much harder to get" "Of course it is," said Archie. "But exchange is no robbery, they say. Suppose I go and dig np some of this, don't you think—remembering tbat I'm a poor sailor boy, going to be banished from ' England, home, ana hearty,' and that I ehall most likely be. drowned on my next voyage— don't you think -" . " I think that, on your showing, you must get mc at least a cartload of the other, befrfrd you bave the race to finish that sentence." "A cattload! I feel like a prince in a fairy tale. And what would you do with it all ?" " Well, I really hardly know what I should do with it" " 1 here now!" said Archie. " And I could tell you in a moment what I would do with mine, if you gave it me!" " Oh, but I conld tell you that!" "Tell me, then;" " Yon WOHM fold it up carefully in a neat little bit of paper, but yon would not write anything on it, because yon would not like it ro look business-like. Besides you couldn't possibly forget. And a few months hence yon will have lost your heart to some foreign\oung lady—I don't know where you are going—and you would find tbe little packet is your desk, and wonder who gave it to you." "Oh, how little you know me?" Archie exclaimed, and sank back on the turf in a despairing attitude. But a moment later he began to laugh and sat np again. "There iras a bit once,"he said confidentially, " and for the life of me I couldn't tbiak whose it could be. There were two or three girls I knew it couldn't possibly belpDg to,, but that didn't help me very far. Tliat lock of hair quite haunted me—see what it is to have such susceptible feelings! I used to look at it a dozen times a day, and I couldn't sleep at night for thinking of it. At last I said to myself, ' I don't care whoee it is—she was a nice, dear girl any how, and I'm sure she wouldn't like to think that the bothered me in this way.' So I consigned it ip a watery grave. I felt very melancholy when it went, I can tell yon, and if my own hair had been a reasonable length, I'd have sent a bit of it overboard with hers, just for company's sake. But I'd had a fever, and I was cropped like a convict, so I couldn't." " Yon tell that littie story very nicely," said Sissy when he paused, "Doyou always mention it when yon ask . " " Why, no!" Archie exclaimed. "I . thought you would take it as it was meant, aa the greatest possible compliment to yourself. But I suppose it's my destiny to be misunderstood. Don't you see that I couldn't tell that to-any one, unless I were.qnite sure, that she was so much higher, so altogether apart, that she never—never could get mixed np with anybody else to my mind!" " She had better have some veiy particular sort of ctirliiiess'-in her hair too," said'Sissy. " Don't you' think it would be sifer ?" " Ob, this is too much!" he exclaimed. " It's sport to you, evidently, but you don't consider that it's death to me. I say. come away, and we'll look for this green stuff." Fothergill smiled, but Latimer's handsome face flushed. He had-made a dozen attempts to supplant Carrol. aild had been foiled by the laughing pair. ^What was the use of being a good-looking fellow of six and twenty, head of one of the county families, and owner of Latimer's Court and Ashendale, if he were to be set'aside by a beggarly sailor-boy? Wbtt did Fothergill mean by bringing his poor relations dragging after him where they were nut wantrd ? He sprang to his feet, and went away with long strides to tha^ke violent love to the farmer's rosy little daughter. " He knew thit he meant nothing at all, aud'tbat he was filling the poor child's head and heart with the vainest of hopes. He knew that he' owed especial respect and consideration to the danghter of his tenant, a man who had dealt faithfully by him. and whose father and grandfather had held Ashendale under the Latimers. He felt that he was acting meanly, even while he kissed little Lucy, by the red wall where the apricots were ripening in the sun. And he had no overmastering passion for excuse—what did he care for little Lucy ? He was doing wrong, and he was doing it because it was wrong. He was in a fiercely antagonistic mood, and as he could not fight Fothergill and Carroll, he fought with his*own sense of truth and honour for want of abetter foe. And Lucy, conscious of her rosy prettiness, stood shyly pulling the lavender heads, in a glad bewilderment of vanity, wonder, and delighs, while Latimer's heart was full of jsalous an^er. If Si6«y Langton could amuse herself, so could he. But Sissy was too happily absorbed in her amusement to think of his. She had avoided him, as he had avoided Captain Fothergill, from a sense of danger. They were becoming too serious, too much "in earnest, and she did not want to be serious. So she went gaily across tbe grass, laughing at 4.rchie, because he would; look on level ground for her maiden-hair spleenwort. They came to a small enclosure. " Here you are!" said Carroll. " This is what somebody said was the refectory: It makes oue feel quite sad and sentimental, only to think what a lot of jolly dinners have been eaten here! And nothing left of it all!" " That's your idea of sentiment, Mr. Carroll ? It sounds to me as if you hadn't had euough to eat." "Oh yetf. I had plenty. But we ought to pledge each other in a cup of sack, or something of the kind. And a plrce like this ought at least to smell deliciously of roast and' boiled. Instead of which it might as well be tbe chapel." Sissy gazed np at tbe wall. " There's some maiden hair! How was it I never saw it this morning ? Surely we came along the top, and looked down into this place." No," said Archie. " That was the chapel we looked into. Didn't I say they were just alike?" " Well, I can easily get up there," she said. " And you may fctay down here if you like, and grow sentimental over the ghost of a dinner." And, laughing, she darted np a steep ascent of turf, Blackening her pace when she came to a rough heap of fallen-stones. Carroll was by her side directly, helping her. " Why, this is prettier than where we went this morning," she said, when they reached the top ; "you see the whole place better. But it's narrower, I think. This is the west wall, isn't it? Oh! Mr.Carroll, how much the sun has gone down already." " I wish I were Moses, or whoever it was, to make it stop," said the boy; " it would stop up there a good long time." There was a black belt of shadow at the foot of the wall. Archie looked down as if to measure its breadth.- A little tuft of green caught his eye, and stooping he pulled it from between the stones. " Oh! how broken it is here. Doesn't it look as if a giant had taken a great bite out of it ?" Sissy exclaimed, at the same moment that he called after her," Is this right, Miss Langton ?" She turned her head, and for a second's space he saw her bright face, her laughing, parted lips. Then there was a terrible cry, stretched hands at which he snatched instinctively, but in vain, and a stone which slipped and fell heavily. He stumbled forward and recovered himself with an effort. There was blank space before him— and what below ? iJS" Mr. John Stewart,, the American Advertising Agent, has just received by the steamer Victorian from Melbourne seven thousand Bristol's Almanacks for the year 1879, which he intends to distribute publicly. Any person desiring, one will be supplied on application to Messrs A. M- Bickford and Sons, who have been appointed agents to Messrs. M. Moss & Co., of Melbourne and Sydney, who are the sole wholesale agents throughout the Australian Colonies for Bristol's Sarsaparilla snd Pills, Murray and Lsnman's Florida Water, and the Great Oriental Hair Tonic. x iS&T; Messrs. Green & Co. have requested us to ' draw special attention of Speculators, Persons about to Build, Members of Building Societies, and others to tbeir Sale this afternoon, on the gtound, of Allotments in the Township of Woodville Park, being that portion situated nearest the Bailway (hitherto reserved), which has been subdivided, and comprises without exception the beet building sites now to be obtained in this pleasant locality. Woodville Park is easily reached from Adelaide or Port trains now every 45 minutes from both places. Note.—This Afternoon, at 3 o'clock, on the ground. Trains leave Adelaide at 2 o'clock and 2.45, and Port at 2.1S and 2.58. FBOFBSSOBSZ&HICH;, the Eminent Aurist, begs to notify to the residents of Adelaide and district that he will arrive in Adelaide next week, where he may be consulted upon all affections of the Ears. Professor Stanich has just returned from a most successful New Zealand trip', and on his arrival will publish some of the numerous Testimonials from well-known citizens of Victoria and New Zealand. 271-5 . WORTH KKOTTIKQ.—That the Largest Clothing and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the -Best, most Stylish, and Cheanest Selection of Men's, Youths' and Boys' Clothing and Outfittings. is at G. and W. Shierlaw's, Glasgow Bouse, 11, Hindley-street. 1'iiof is the test; try them. cv 