THE THEATRES, PTC. By " .Adagio." " No Name," iu which Mr. Wybert Reeve appeared for the first time on Saturday night, is a dramatised version of the novel with the Bame title, the work of adaptation having been jointly performed by Mr. Wilkie Collins and Mr. Reeve. Like "The Woman in White," the dramatisers have departed from the original story, although the divergence is not so wide a one as in the former case. The result, however, is hardly so satisfactory, for there is a con spicuous want of sequence in the diatna, which appears to have been written for the purpose of a stage presentment of the more interesting phases of the novel, rather than with the object cf producing a really coherent and ab sorbing play with an interesting plot. The. drama commences after the decease of Vanstone, who, dying intestate, and only a few months subsequent to his marriage with the woman with whom he has lived for twenty years, leaves his daughter Magdalen, not only to poverty, but with the shameful brand of illegitimacy upon her. Incidentally, the death of Michael Yanstoae, the next in succession to the family property, is mentioned, and the formation and completion of the plot between Magdalen and Captain Wragge, whereby the weak-minded Noel Vanstone is induced to marry Mag dalen, under her assumed name of Bygrave, is really the point where the piece begins. Tho audience is shown the death of Noel Vanstone just after he has added a codicil to his will revoking the marriage settle ment he has made upon bis wife, the consequent d< feat cf the plot, Magdalen's sub sequent relinquishment of her design of getting back her father's incuey, the re- appearance of Captain Wragge upon the scene as a wealthy patent-medicine vendor, and ultimately th8 happiness of Msgdaien in the love ef George Bartram, the heir to the Vanstone property. With these slender materials the whole fabric ia constructed, and if it has met with any great measure of success, it must be due to the acting &f; Mr. Wybert Reeve iu the part of the good-for-nothing and self- appointed captain c£ militia. In his in terpretation, Mr. Reeve dispenses with strong emotion, and relies for effective- ness upon his extremely natural portrayal of the class of characters who are broadly denominated "adventurers." Possessing no- thing but an unlimited amount of impudence, a fluent toDgue, asd a thorough sympathy with and liking for rascality of all detcriptions, he throws himself into tho scheme for entrapping Noel, heart and soul ; and his offer, upon purely moral grounds, to pick that weak young man's pockets, is the more racy because it is evidently dictated by his genuine conviction that he is doing right. Of course, he is not all bad— no man ie— and thus, although he treats his poor crooked wife wiih comic brutality, the wrongs of poor Magdalen stir him up to a generous sympathy, and when he exclaims, in answer to her query V ill you help me, er will you cheat me ? N®» I , if I'll cheat yon," he has no doubt but that he has C- me to a fine and noble resolve. His sage rcfl cticrss upon the course he pursues, bis de- fei C3 of hirr.se: f as one who preys upon society, the a or ur illy quaint expression < f the regret re feels for the part he has taktn in briogiog ar-etit the mini age of Magdalen, a»e -« oa carefully -wi ought up points, ii&d; commend themse ves to favour by the merit they poaseas. His development into ariph patent- piU-maker is only another phase of his peculiar Bohe- mianism. It is seen at once that, although he has obtaiued that much-coveted article, money, he is the more happy, because, instead of acquiring it honestly, it has been made by galling the public with his nostrum. Hi3 belief in Lis own theory that dishonesty is the best policy i3 as intense as his vanity. In every respect Mr. Reeve's rendering was a very good one, and if his Captain Wragge does net rank fully with his Fosco, it is only because of the differences in the two parts. He was called before the curtain several times. Miss Solange Novaro wasalittle too self-contained and unyield ing as Magdalen. Miss Watt, as Mrs. Lecount, Noel's strong- minded housekeeper, was simply admirable generally ; and in the details of make up and accent, Mr. Taylor, as the peevish, shifty, and cunning Noel, was consistent throughout. Mr. Vincent's George Bartram was as good as it - is possible to make one of the modern severely virtuous young men; Miss Ella Carringtofi's Mrs. Wragge was full of a merit peculiarly her own ; Mrs. Edouin Bryer's Miss Garth quite in keeping with the dramatic necessities of the part ; and Mr. Stuart O'Brien's Pendril, the solicitor, one of the least successfai of Mr. O'Brien's impersonations, There are two good scenes in the play — the exterior and interior of Noel Vanstone's house at Aid borough. After "No Name," Mr. Reeve appeared a3 Plumper, in "Cool as a Cucumber" — a come dietta with which the-name of the late Charles Mathews is inseparably associated. Mr. Reeve played with a light, easy insouciance extremely pleasant to see and listen to, and generally in a manner which pleased the audience immensely. With the exception of the Wiggins of Miss Jenny Bryee, who is nearly unapproachable in soubrette parts, and. who, oa this occasion, played quite up to Mr. Reeve, the support he received was of the slightest. Mr. Reeve was to take his benefit and make his farewcii appearance last (Friday) night. This evening Mr. George Rignold will re appear as Henry V. He is to give iive repre sentations of his famous historical play ; and one night is to b8 ski, apart for his benefit. I have been informed that, on the latter eccasion, he will show that- his capacity is not limited to the play in question by appearing as William in the old nautical drama "Black-eyed Susan." On Saturday night a new version of " Oliver Twist" was produced at the Academy of Music. It differed from the twenty others that have from time to time been produced in Mel bourne, in that it was less coherent, more atrociously coarse and repulsive, and was com pressed into four acts, the few redeeming points ia it having been carefully eliminated, with the view probably of showing the prominently fear ful incidents recorded in their naked barbarity, the dreadful thing would not be worth notice, only that in the marder of Nancy Sykes the worn-out tricks of the lower order of Len- don theatres were used to enhance the horrible realism of the crime. Thus, Nancy was dragged off tke stage by the hair, a number of dull thuds, to represent tk<? crashing of the skull, being heard behi&d; the scene. Immediately afterwards Nancy dragged herse'f in, one side of her face covered with blood, tbe mock fluid bespattered over her face, neck, handi, and clothing, the ensemble being simply disgusting. As there is no venerable, bat at times useful Lord Chamberlain in this "most advanced of &U; Great Britain's democratic colonies," there is unfortunately, no legal remedy ; and while the morbid tastes of gallery boys and other people of but little more intelligence are pandered to, there can be no improvement effected in the drama, except what can be done by respectable actors and actresses. Mr. D Orsay Ogden, who played Bill Sykes, gave a rendering as opposite to the real London Bill Sykes as that individual was to Beau Brummel. There was plenty of broad melo drama and attitudinising, and if it were not that I know Mr. Ogdcn is capable of better things, I should unhesitatingly state be is not an actor. I am of the few who believe that, with earlier training and educatio n, Miss Beatrice would have been ere this occupy ing a good position on the stage. I a as also one cf the minority who hold that, in at least one of the few pieceB ia which she has appeared, she displayed qualities which warrant the hope that she may yet become identified with the profession ske is now s'udy- ing, but I am bound to say that her Nancy Sykes was crude in design, ineffective in produc tion, and untrue as regards the type of woman she was supposed to represent. Mr. F-;cm% who is iu 'v an-to-smd 3.3 'xtf the Jjri IC'P" i L'JQditfl id «(i« % &ppu;<tri'BC.A a. Cf tV hub of " - he . principal London theafctea" appro va of Mr, Ffome's Fa&itif; it must be upon the principle that has brought into being " Chinamaniacs" and other odd and fanciful creatures. The audience at the Academy did not apparently recognise any distinctive merit in Mr. Frome's interpretation, but it does not follow that he may not be an excellent actor, especially as he comes from the principal London theatres. At tho Princess's, " British-born," with "The Warlock of the Glen" and "Spectre Bridegroon" as affceroieces, was played up to Tuesday eight. Ga Wednesday and Thursday Mr. Morton Tavares gave representations of Richelieu. I regard Mr. Tavares as one of the best RiehelLus I ever saw, and as I have previously set out at length my reasons for making this sweeping assertion, there is no need to recapitulate them. Mrs. Tavares looked a handsome Julie de Moztemsr, and supported her husband ably. A version of "Flying Scud," under the name of " Fiying Back," has been in rehearsal for Boma time at this house, and will be represented this evening. " Macbeth " has been played all the week at the Opera house. On Monday night his Excel lency the Governor was present at Mr. William Ores wick's represent.- ion of the ambitious Thane of Glamis. Oa Thursday .evening he played Master Walter ia " The Hunch back." This evening the veteran actor will appear as Virginias, tho play iu which he was first seen in Melbourne, Mis3 Helen Ashton will play Virginia. Following up the mode of procedure adopted last year, Mr. Creswick will, during the coming week, play a round of characters, a fresh piece being advertised for each night. Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost 13 being patronised by the children of Melbourne. Not to be too sententious, where thtie are children there are mothers, where there are mothers there are fathers, wheie these are there is a crowd. A crowd meat's a success ; success, money. Sim plex munditils. The United States Minstrels are synonymous with fun and laughter, and I apprehend that duriDg carnival week there will be the customary over- rush ©f visitors to St. George's-haff, Miss Rosina Carandini, artist and lady, is to take her complimentary benefit at the Town- hali to-night (Saturday). She will have able support in Miss Lucinda Blackham, Mrs. Cutter, and a host of ether celebrities, who have spon taneously tendered their assistance to an es timable and high minded woman. If I had any dc-ubt of the Town-hall being crowded, it would be dispelled by the fact that the tickets are going off with unwonted rapidity. Lady Bowen is to be present. EDWARD KELLY, Murderer and Bushranger. (fjrom a photograph taken in pentridge.) 