NEWS SCHAPS. Matthew Burnett-is still.in.Gippslnnd. English"army officers in Canada have received orders to join their regiments. Melbourne has again been fully supplied with water. The Siam carried away a freight of gold and specie valued at . £419,000. Charles Westwood hanged himself in Melbourne on Wednesday after a debauch. . His Honor Judge Fellows is much improved in health. The Daylesford Hospital Fete, held on Thursday last, was attended by 2,000 persons. Thomas Warner, an old settler in the west for thirty years, died at Colac. The unfortunate Warmambool Woollen Company has been-finally wound up. Richard Hickling, rate collector, committed felo de scatter embezzling £70 of the public moneys at Richmond. Melton cattle are said by the Telegraph to be affected by a peculiar disease of the eyes, causing blindness for days. The Copenhagen students, by 2S0 to 220, have refused to admit their. female competitors 'into their fclub. A 2few Tork firm langs out this sign— " In Providence we trust—everybody else cash." — •-••--•'• The death of Mr Robert Allen, one of the very earliest colonists, is announced as having taken place at Buninyong on Friday. Tenders are to be called in above three months for the construction of the. Geelong and QneensdiSc railway. It is calculated that liter the conclusion of peace, the Black Sea and Sea of Azov ports will export 5,000,000 quarters of wheat. The Southern railway of New South Wales will be opened to Bethnnga by the end of the month. Police Snperintendent M'Cclloch, stationed! at Kilmore, is -abont to retire on a pension,! after twenty-five years" active service. 3Xr J. B. Henderson, late resident engineer J of the waterworks, Sandhurst and Castle-[ maine, has been appointed to supervise the waterworks at Town Grille, Queensland. The strike of the masons in London has. terminated, the men recognising the hope-" lessness of 'the struggle. The strike cost 1 £30,000. ' i The Cleopatra obelisk will be placed on 1 the" Thames "embankment, at the Adelphi steps; between Charing Cross and . Waterloo Bridge • The rumor thai "Lady Bowen had taken her passage for England is contradicted. She had only been making a complimentary visit to the Siam. A Mrs Cresswell has made a declaration that a lunatic in the Paramatta A^vhim, her husband, is the veritable Arthur Orton, son of George Orton, butcher, of Wapping. Dr. Clark, of the Ararat Hospital, died on Tuesday. This is, we believe, the third resident surgeon of the Hospital who has expired there within a very few years. The celebrated steeplechaser. All Fours, has changed owners, Mr W. Bailey having disposed of him to Mr' Herbert Power, lor Mr Sullivan, for £500. A patient named James Bradley, an old resident of Barker's Creek, died at die Castlemaine Hospital on Saturday, of cholera. He ' had only been a few days under treatment. From the Argus, we learn that a postal ; convention haf been concluded through the instrumentality of Mr G. C. Levey, between . the United States and Victoria. ! Goulburn is said to have a ghost in the shape of "a "light" Yhich~ careers-about an. unfinished rtone house, and eludes approach. So says the Heratif. ; ; At Hope Station a long while ago a State school was ereceed at a cost of £500. It has stood empty ever since, but the Minister is about to appoint teachers at on». j A great-demand has set in for ProfeRsor Pearson's education report, aud it is probable the boofc'trade wfll publish-'si. edition'for sale. ' • -'<"' > j v_.-53ie according to rule itli' .connisctiOT^o^ Pearson with* "tte : ; Eaufcatinn Depaitmmt Governor. <}ji<fyyt^Jjji *"*'" .Gasllanawe^ M^resputatireMiaieB that r6.'Gi«?nhiU,%n(^tScandi4ate at tW K ad: -general. «IectiRii, has been appointed of-stock for this 'colony at & featary f £-450 peraimmn. ! , ! l s *nie JjohceyietA ^Teratry • hears • ihat- Mr h nlmeB,lateEit,Kilmme, and who in;at P present-in New 2ealand,- ^eclines to accept theh»nor.(f^ !of reinEtatemBnt at ithe/hands of theBerry.Ministry.. " " ,, f v ^ 1 states that Aere .is: a probabil^ cf Mr J. Gogdonr late police ^ trate'fairthe'Bendigb district,fesonnng a candidate for Mandurang in the event of a dissolutaonJ - • " " | ' .. '.A'lpssfas beerisuBtained-to the oause of education ^in ASctoria by the deatii of Madame Vfens^uijWhich tookplace jatJber.residehce, Oarendon- stieet^ East Melbourne, on M!on> ;-1 (if Edncation contemplates issuing T a . circular directing parents {and jasarasf'«» 'iattendabts ' at -'ni^it- schools must send their children to the school thirty timeB^it∈ <tlie v guarter .to Escape prosecution. '•• . . • ! .AtJIaryboroii^ij an Italiatalmiatic named Bionro .^Silyeelrio, . CTmshed tte oonrtht door lioto g^i^ers witb iui axe, and thr ie police seigeant. Three constkbles ° niaii, and tiie Bendi omt bi^n' to "education jn : Pict6ria, aiid suggestionB M 'to impioringS, Iras >lud on the Mile ^iot '^i'AtaemUy on Tntfiday iriflititih he intimat^'ttiat the pnhlic fnanoeS tstkb in anything but a fiatiBfectoiy condition. Hie Treasmy, he eaid, wasnot full, and eo far from anticipating s euiplus, lie looked forward with anxiety to the time yrhea he would have to mafce'lils finanrial •tatpjnent. 