1 of tect The Schoolmaster Abroad. half) Scenery Great Statcman's Snuggery. au; ? .-,,? Interlocutors.?Bizzy AMn nice Bizzy. (blowing a cloud) : Very pleasant sitting I Dizzy : Extremely so ! Gortschakoff, though, didn't quite seem to relish my complimenting him on his apparently robust health. Bizzy : Looked more bilious than gently, on Well, it would be hard if a valetudinarian might not play " lc Maladc Inwjinairc" for the benefit of his country Dizzy drily): Or even to cut short dangerous discussion, or keep down rising temper, of ? Bizzy : Well, I really feel very seedy, you know. Dizzy : Awfully sorry, I'm sure. Now your Berlin airs seems to agree with me. Never felt better in my life. Bizzy. : Happy to hear it, Hope your health may not receive check or chill when you get back to London. I hear the temperature there has changed considerably since you left. Dizzy : Oh, ours is a variable climate, but I'm used to it. Long experience of mutability teaches one adroitness of adjustment. Bizzy : Doubtless. Change of them I? costume may sometimes be as essential to the hero as to the Mslrio. Dizzy : Ayo I as needful as occasional change of air. Even constitutions of blood and iron may Sometimes welcome, for many reasons, the transition from Berlin to-shall we say Ki's singer ? Dizzy : My post is, at all events, a trying one to an enfeebled constitution like mine and this supplementary Congress business has, I confess, a little bit knocked me up? not possessing your own splendid powers of recuperation, you know. Dizzy: You scarcely do yourself justice, Prince. I must compliment you upon being a " judicious bottle-holder," as well as an honest broker." You keep the Bing splendidly and your cry of "Time !" is ever put to the moment. Bizzy : I do not know much about your Prize Ring, but is not the comparison a little mal A propose ? Duty calls me' to this post, in the interests of Peace, but I should not be inclined to sag myself out for the furtherance of War. Dizzy : Precisely. You keep us in order capitally. Dizzy': Oh I I make no pretensions. Dizzy : Of course not. Fulminations are out of fashion in the political Olympus. Where the ancient Jupiter would have flourished his thunderbolts, the modern Love fingers his watch and consults his time-table. Bizzy aside): Very fair? for a pleasure. is smart speech and sound statesmanship were BynonymoiiB I Aloud.) Well, I suppose the worst of it's over. The small fry, I hope, will take their scraps thankfully, and their snubB meekly for the time being, at any rate. But, entre nous, I don't think your friend, the Turf, likes it. Dizzy thoughtfully): Ah ! that's another party that will have to be educated. Well, I have dealt with pupils as intractable at home. Bizzy : By the way, your own more extreme worshippers may require a little tactful tuition, eh? Dizzy : Oh, the Jingoes 1 Doubtless ! I hear they're rather on the rampage at present, some of them. Like speedy non-stayers, good only for forcing the pace, they must" come back " to the leaders when it's a case of real racing. Nothing like the " Dissolving View " system to deal with these people The " Glorious Triumph" slide will gradually merge into the " Satisfactory Settlement" one, you'll see ; only a few Jingoes will detect the difference, and they will feel bound to swear there is none. Bizzy {swjycstivcly) : Gladstone 1 Dizzy : A voice crying in the wilderness. Let him shout. The walls of the Tory Jericho will not fall to the trumpet and lamp of that political Joshua. Bizzy The " status quo ante Vellum" and " territorial integrity." Dizzy: watchwords of the past that have served their turn. Public opinion deals with results, and is impatient of retrospective criticism. Ask the Times, Bizzy : Humph ! The Times, has asked me several things, I hope it has been satisfied with the frankness of my answers. Dizzy : Who could object to your frankness, Prince ? It is so refreshing after a surfeit of transparent finesse and transpontine dissimulation Capital cigars these. Dizzy : Glad you like them. Here's success I Drinks.) Dizzy : Success is a fortress most surely taken by what you would call " a siege of patience." Bizzy : That depends upon the besiegers, and his resources. A coup-de-main sometimes succeeds. Dizzy : When patience has prepared the way for it. It is true that patience may sometimes with advantage keep a coup in reserve. Bizzy : Like a card up the sleeve ? Dizzy blandly) The comparison is tant soil open " malodorous." Drinks.) How sweetly the nightingales sing! These untaught choristers of Nature Bizzy : Would hardly make good Tories, or tractable Turks, for I understand they are very difficult to them educate. Both : He I ha ! ha ! [Left lauyMng. In the good old times when Ireland had a Parliament of her own, one honorable gentleman said pleasantly, in the course of debate, of another honorable gentleman: "The house of the honorable member are and have ever been political and personal hirelings, from the white livered hound that is trembling on the fire to the painted bag that is grinning in the gallery," After the duel some one asked the speaker how he came to know that the sister of his adversary, the " bag " of the peroration, was to be present in the House. " Sure, I walked down with him, and he tould me himself," answered the orator. In a provincial theatre, where " Macbeth" was recently played by a clever man, who was also a great favorite with the audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, "Hence ! hence I hence !" when he dropped on his knee, covering his face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Just as the applause was over a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting, cried out, " It's all right now, Smith; he's gone." 