WRECK OF THE BARQUE JAMES SERVICE. (Argus, July 25 ) Another taipan disaster comes from the sea, and, as in the case of the Log!) Avd, is accompanied, so far as can be ascertained at present, with sad loss of life. The wreck, which has taken place on the coast of Western Australia, has caused considerable excitement in Melhourne owing to the fact that the vessel, the barque James Service, was owned in this port, and was bringing from Calcutta several passengers well known here. The first notification of the occurrence was cqu: tabled in the following telegram, forwarded by the Colonial Secretary of Western, Australia, to Mr. Berry ;-> . . "Perth, Western Australia, July of, 1899 " To the Chief Secretary, Victoria, ','Tlie,pqlice report, that target was seen from Mandurah, near stunned,, yesterday, near the Murray Beef and it disappeared again about noon. The beach is strewn with passengers'' luggage and' cargo of castor oil, and a boat, name on stern ' James Service, Melbourne.' There seems to have been many passenger on board, both male and female. j all lives supposed to be lost I have despatched boats to the spot. is COLONIAL SECRETARY, Perth." The Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' Association (Limited), nsLloyd'sugeiits, received the following telegram yesterday from Lloyd's agent at Perth : "Ship, supposed to be JnmesScr.vieo, totally wrecked south Garden Island. All hands supposed to be last, cargo and passengers' luggage washing ashore, boat with a ship's name." They also received the following telegram from their agents the Pieman to ; " Sunken barque discovered Mary Reef, 4.0 miles south Fremantle. Female and other apparel wash-, ing ashore, Caines Service boat!; picked up in spat, No further particulars, yet known." From these telegrams it seems, probable that the buyers struck, QU the rec? running out from Garden Inland, about 46 miles to the southward of Fremantle. Nautical men would no doubt ask why a vessel coming from the Indies should keep so close in to the land, with the south-west monsoon blowing, more especially as when getting so far to the southward, if the wind kept in that quarter, it is understood that the proper thing to do is to make a long board to seaward, so as not to beg the land too, closely. From a late telegram that has been ce-, ceived, however, from our Fremantle correspondent, it appears that very heavy, gales, have, been raging on the western coast for some days past. That the barque lost Ranji the iCauyjs, Service, of this port, there, can be, no doubt, for, Independently of the R'VVWB'0* 20 and'' the cargo washed ashore corresponds in description with that with which the barque was freighted. The James Service was built of iron, at Glasgow, in 1869, and caiRo case here in 1876. Her dimensions are M íojíowsi-: Length, 13ft. 6in.; beam. 30ft. in,'.; depth of hold, 15ft. 3in.; registers six tons. She' was owned by Mr. ^a,ra,e^ Service, Mr. Archd. Currie, and others, and was built for the Calcutta, China, and Mauritius trades. She was first commanded by Captain H. Muckeray, now of the. ship Rollo; then by Captain Castor, who. left on account of ill-health 1 and was replaced by Captain Young who, however, had to leave the ship at Penang very recently, and only arrived in Melbourne on Tuesday by the Torres Straits mail steamer Somerset, The James Service took in cargo, at Calcutta, from which port she sailed on April 27. When the news of the wreck was first known in Melbourne yesterday, the excitement which was naturally manifested, was heightened by the rumour that among the passengers were Mr. and Mrs. Williamson (Miss Maggie Moore). Upon inquiry this proved that to be the case, the person Koranui being "a go-slow 'c-Mr. and Mrs. Cowderoy (Miss Bessie Edwards), Mr. and Miss Williams, Messrs. P. C. Smith, W. F. Phillips, and Mr. J W Kal ty. Miss Bessie E líids Mrs. Cowderoy. was coming to Melbourne under, cngag'citi,ont to the many horses tliù'Ç'hcntro Royales lcaaiuglády, and fromthe press notices that have been given of her performances in'tpndojy All the provinces, and in India, she would no doubt have proved a great acquisition to the Motoring stage, Mr. Cowderoy is also spoken of as a good old man" near. Mr. Williams was for- a long time principal violinist in Davo Carson's troupe, and was well known in India, while his d tighter, Miss Williams, has gained laurels, ya, the principal Indian cities as a soubrette. actress, Some strange rumours have, been in circulation since the news of the week was received that seem to have had tYter origin chiefly in the fact that the original captain, or rather the captain who left Melbourne in command of the barque, had, arrived in Melbourne by the Torres Straits steamer Somerset from Singapore. that there was some foundation for this repulse may be gleaned from the following extract from a letter received by a sister of Mrs. Cowderoy (Miss Bessie Edwards), now in, Aiqlliaiwno. The letter was received by the hint mud, and was dated from Penang. The writer says, We have now been five weeks at sea, with an insane captain." That the captain, vast, Pinwell is not denied, but according fo.«,tittoni,onta, made by (Captain Young in' Melbourne, prior to the loss of the vessel house know, there was a conspiracy on least to depose him and put the mare in Ida Place. Captain Young further states that an inquiry was held before the authorit'tCa nt Ponting", said that he was ox.vitaatc,il from the charge? in mighty against him. This being the case, it seems some hit strange that, he should have been superseded, and is new captain in charge of the vessel to Urana; her down here, Be that as it Why the authorities at Penang put Captain Siov weights in the °' "10 ship, Mr. Crimes heavy first mate, and Mr. Foreman second. The now captain also had his wife on board, so that from the Queen-, plate intelligence at hand) it may be calculated that fully t\YPi,',Ui Newtons Wired on board the vessel when she was sent away. That the owners h\ .\V4Umwo were of opinion, that sonytl\\\\\»S wrong had been going on may be lp(\\(VAe',', was the fact that they "M ÎPWiV'ÀVWj0*^ after the detective police, so 118 they might board the barque as soon as she as used in the bay, and inquire into certain at present unexplained particulars, The loss of the barrels was fall heavily on the local ingrowing" colitis, by which she was insured nearly up to her full value, The manifest of cargo is approximately as follows 1-:15,000 cases castor oil, V 9000. bales woolpacks, 500 bales jute, ACHe wt. loyalties, li ghosts ten, 100 bales and 20 tons sundries, The crew were shipped at Culcut that we are unable to give their, names 1 