TURF NOTES. BY CENTAUR. IN the multitude of councillors there is said to be wisdom, and by a parity of reasoning a score or so of officials should ensure a successful race meeting even at Isisford (late Wlttown), where the ''Westward Ho Jockey Club " hold a couple of days' racing on the 26th and 27th December, under the auspices of not lew than twenty-one stewards. Fire events come off on the first, and four on the secood day, the added money coming to £260. With the exception of the Opxh Handicap (competition limited to grau-fed hortu, by the way), and the ." Westward Ho " Handicap of £60, all the races are weight-for-age journeys. Numerically, the entries for the handicaps at Launoeston and at Hobart Town are satisfactory, and though the quality might be better the race committees hare little to grumble at, for you can't get anything very much better than Wood* lands and Wellington, and Bwiveller and Strathearo, and so on, in a handicap entry out* aide Flemington. For the Hobart Town Cup thirty4hree subscribers are down, and Richmond is in the field; thirty for the Alexandra Plate; twenty-nine for the Weld Btakes. For the Launoeston Gold Cup there are twenty-six nominated, and for the Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap twenty-five. The Two* year-old Stakes have scarcely filled as well a* usual at either of the " Van Demonian" | gatherings. The racing at Flemington on Thursday and Saturday was of more than average interest, though the absence of First King, Bosworth, Vulcan, and Woodlands robbed the sport of some of Its interest The principal events on Thurs* day were the Royal Park Stakes, the Oaks, the Flying Stakes, and the Four-year-old Handicap. In the, first of these, Warlock appears to have made his own running, having Chester beaten all the way; and, unless some excuse can be found by the "crack's" friejids for his defeat, it looks as if the three-year-olds of 78 were a cut above those of 77, though, of course, the difference in the weights in favor of Warlock must be taken into account; and also,, that' Chester, with weight up, docs not quite like his two miles, in first-rate society. War lock's success in the Royal Park Plate was only th'o preface to his performance in the Canter* bury Stakes, two and a-quarter miles, in which ho beat Monta and Cap-a-pie ; and these two victories materially enhance* the merit of Wellington's four lengths Derby win — a brilliant performance indeed, whose lustre is scarcely dimmed by the Derby hero's subsequent defeat at the hands of His Lordship an 4 Roodee in the Hares' Produoe Stakes, one and a-quarter mile—a distance over which His Lordship is almost invincible ; and the Panics are not sprint* random as a rule. The notion that the Marquis cannot get a stayer, though apparently confirmed by the suc cessive failures of Newminster, Waterford, and His Lordship, wa| upset, pro tan. at least, on Saturday, by the victory of his son Czar in the All Aged Stakes, one mile, beating that very pro mising colt Sunshine, by Maribyrnong, who nad dressed him down in Thursday's Flying Stakes, three-quarters of a mile; and a two-year-old who can finish well among other good horses at the end of a mile in November, gives sufficient . proof of his present ability to stay, and ample promise for the future. In the Four- year-old Handicap, Swiveller, giving away lots of weight, ran a great hone, and had he been " all right" at the meeting, must have finished nearer the front in the Cup raoe than a modest but honorable fourth. Snowden, his sire, was a rarely-bred horse, having Whale bone himself in the third remove, his dam being a daughter of Stumps (brother to Peter Fin) — twice winner of the Goodwood Stakes—by Whalebone. On the sire's side (Pyrrhus the First), the strain is a generation further back, and comes through the channel of Defence, whose daughters are as famous as those of Lot or Lear. Unless Emily be but a ghost of her former self, Melita's hollow victory over the black filly, and Prattle (a daughter of Talk o' the Hill and Majesty), in the Oaks race, shows there must have been some grounds to justify the stable support accorded to Melita, all through, for the Cup. It is just possible there was something wrong with the trying tackle, though the filly's second to Warlock, in front of Cap-a-pie, in the Canterbury Plate, looks like more than ordinary form. It would have been little or no surprise to those acquainted with Columbus' antecedent*, on the score of pedigree and performances, to see him beat Calami* for the V.R.C. Handicap, when in receipt of 841b. from the Cup hero, for Mr. Johnson- Boe'a old horse can go under weight up to between lOst. and list, and win handi caps with that in the saddle in good time, and m good company too ; moreover, he is bred to race, being by Smuggler out of Alioe Drew, by Athoa out of a Kelpie mare. Athou, foaled in 1857, was by Prime Minister (son of Melbourne, and sire of Knight of the Garter), out of Peasant Girl, whose dam was a daughter of the famous Waxy Pope, son of Waxy and Prunella, Penelope's dam— otherwise Waxy's mother-in-law, and Whale bone's grandmother. Smuggler, bred by Mr. C. B. fisher in 1862, was got by Fisherman (imp.) out of Midnight, by the imported horse South Australian (who used to carry Mrs. Osbaldi stone's colors, though rarely to victory after "t'auld squire's" death, out of Young Moonshine. The conclusion I come to with respect to the two-year -olds of the season, not one of which has confirmed his or her exoellenoe by a second victory, is that they are moderate. They have run so in and out that there can be nothing at present of superlative merit amongst the lot we have seen in public, though the Czar and Sunshine, by Marquis and Maribyrnong, seem to be so far the best of their year, for I place very little reliance in four and five furlong races where • lot finish close together. Lone Hand's performance in the Steeplechase confirms his reputation as one of the few good horses at the work, in public, that Australia can boast of. I think I have now touched upon all the prin cipal features; of the late Flemtngton meeting, and there is nothing of importance now ia the racing world until New Year's Day, except at Kensington Park and Bendigo. The Sydney Ama teur Turf Club meeting came off on the 9th, bat it was a comparatively tame affair. The Victorian sister club's meeting at the end of October was, however, of more interest, both local and general, for the Sapling Stake* introduced us to a very fair field of two- year-olda, including Bonnie Bee, the winner ; Astute, a sister to Richmond and Bosworth: Caractacus (who would probably have won had he not lost a good deal of ground at the start), by Captivator (imp.) out of Loyal Devoir ; and Brisbane, an own brother to MeU bourne, by Panic, out of Myth. 