QUANTITY NEWS. (FROM OVA OWN CORRESPONDENTS.)' BRISBANE WATER, DEC. 10. "t "towards '»»'íí-n-ed at Blackwall, on Saturday last, a very substantially built schooner for Mr. James Shaw, Balmain. The swear such k tale name given the craft, measures 85 feet over an, 18 feet breadth of beam, and 7 feet depth of hold. She is coppered and copper-fastened, and has hurricane deck. She will carry about 62 tons on a draught of six feet, and will be emplaced on the coast. This is the sixth new vessel launched within the last 12 months at this thriving township, which is supported entirely by Mr. Rick Davis.. According to the custom of the district, and more particularly of the Blackwall establishment a launch is made an occasion or event of festivity, and Mrs. Davis issued a general invitation, to which from 150 to 150 of the youth and beauty of the district responded, and were hospitably entertained in Mr. Davis's establishment, and passed the evening in indoor amusements, the draughting shed being laid with a substantial floor, and tastefully decorated with flags for the occasion. NEWCASTLE, DEC 10. Evidences of the dryness of the season are not wanting in and around the district. Nearly tho whole of the swamps and waterholes are completely dried up, and in many instances householders are put to considerable trouble in obtaining their necessary supplies of water. We have had a deal of very hot weather within the past month, many of the days being almost unbearable in that respect. Latterly, however, the heat has produced a grateful remedy in the shape of the usual summer thunderstorms, but though by this means the air has been rendered much cooler very little rain has fallen. The wind has now backed into the south, and hopes are entertained of liberal rains following. For several weeks past now all public interest seems to have been sunk in the general agitation which has taken its rise out of the dispute between the A. S. N. Company and their men, in regard to Chinese immigration. The subject seems to have attracted the attention of the whole of the working classes of the district, who have apparently entered into the matter impressed with the conviction that, unless some decided steps be taken by them for their protection, a serious result would follow in consequence of the continued and marked introduction of Chinese into the colony. For this reason the cause of the A. S. N. Company's workmen was the more readily and earnestly taken up and therefore, we have at the present time associations which have resolved themselves into firm anti-Chinese bodies, formed for the protection of their own individual interests, emanating out of the original movement for the purpose, as members of the working classes, of expressing sympathy with the action of the men recently employed by the A. S. N. Company. It is true," of course, that in all this these associations recognise the principle which is involved in the above struggle, and that by lending their aid to the Seamen's Union they assist in striking a line blow at the root of the imagined evil and therefore, one of the fundamental rules of their constitution is for the providing of regular support to those who are now standing out in Sydney. It cannot but be expected that, with all this agitation of Dot concerning John China- men here as in Sydney, that meek and appin costly objectionable visitor to our shores has fallen in for a great deal of humiliation at the hands of his white brethren. Several disgraceful instances of this nature have of late taken place, in which brutal violence has been resorted to against the unfortunate wretches and their property wilfully destroyed. Quite recently a number of Chinese dwellings in Main-street, opposite the Bullock Island Bridge, were assaulted with stones and other missiles, resulting in a great amount of damage being done to the houses and the goods of the occupants; and only on Sunday last, in broad daylight, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, an inoffensive Chinaman was openly assailed in the public street at Honeysuckle Point, and brutally beaten about the head and face. The unfortunate creature would doubtless have fared far worse but for the intervention of a clerical gentleman, the Rev. W. Bain, who happened to be driving past at the time, and seeing the outrage jumped down from his buggy and beat off the assailants with his whip. However objectionable Chinese may be as citizens, and whatever valid reasons there may be for keeping them UTI day from the country, it is surely not by such conduct as this that any desired end should be reached. It is quite clear that the working man generally takes no direct part in any of these outrages, which are apparently confined to youths of the, larrikin type, who avail themselves of a popular cry to exercise their- cowardly natures. At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Newcastle Borough Council, held on Monday evening, the subject of a public cemetery for Newcastle again cropped up, and a motion was passed that the town clerk be instructed to write to the Government, urging the necessity of dedicating the land lately purchased for a general cemetery, and appointing the Municipal Council as trustees; also, for taking immediate steps for closing the burial grounds within the municipality, and providing the necessary railway accommodation for the general use of the cemetery. This matter has now been the subject of agitation for years past, and in the interests of the public health it is really necessary that the present internal burial grounds, which are greatly overcrowded, should be at once closed, and proper provision made for future burials outside the city. PARKES, DEC. 9. The tX-L reaping-machines have been brought into use this season in this district to very great satisfaction. The outlay for the combined reaper and mower, is only about £50, delivered in Parkes, and within the, grasp of any farmer of ordinary means. Only about seven have as yet been distributed, but the general satisfaction resulting from their operations will ensure a larger sale for next season, unless sup "needed by the reaper and binder machines. ' At a meeting of farmers in Mr. Woods's paddock last week the IXL were put under trial under the direction of Mr. Denny from Bathurst. The. greatest enthusiasm was manifested at the successful operations of the machines. Mr. Woods's M'Cormick's reaper and binder was also set in motion. This machine accomplished its work for some time with remarkable completeness. Some defect, however, either in the wife or some other minor detail, produced a frequent break in the wire, and while the M'Cormick, as' seen, was admitted to be a success far the farmer when perfected, for the present necessity the disposition of the farmers was in favour of the I X L's. I have heard since that Messrs. Woods expect a gentleman from Sydney to rectify the defect in working their, machine. Our crops are coming in well. The hay is housed, and much of the wheat cut. Hay will be from two to four tons per acre ; wheat, from 20 to 30 bushels per acre. Some little is affected by smut and rust, but not' a large quantity ; it is in the first case traceable to want of proper care. The daily mail, via Molong, will commence running from 1st January next. Mr. J. Hill is the successful tenderer. The present contractor, Mr. Toohey, will run the mail between Forbes and Grenfell. We congratulate the good folk on that route with having as- good s mail conductor as can be found, and a most considerate and obliging whip." The weather has been very hot and dry, particularly opportune for harvest. The glass to-day has ranged from 90 to 104 in the shade and 159 in the sun. A cool breeze blowing. COMET, DEC. 9. The weather remains dry and hot. To-day the thermometer registered 98' in the shade. Graziers in this neighbourhood, whose paddocks are not over- stocked, have still an abundance of grass ; stock generally could not be in better condition even working bullocks are rolling fat. Rain is not desired at present for pastoral purposes, as it would have the effect of bleaching the feed, without producing any fresh green growth, Rather bad accounts reach us of the state of the country in the Monaro district It appears that our friends there were not visited with a very good spring, consequently very little summer grass is to be seen, and squatters in that quarter are on the look-out for country near Kiandra whither to send their flocks and herds. Indeed our local commission agents are receiving applications for summer runs from various localities. In Monaro there is any quantity of stock offered for sale, but buyers are few. The hot weather is rapidly ripening the grain in this neighbourhood. Reaping is going on vigorously among the early crops; some ore'cutting very well, while others are sadly affected with rust. I am informed, by competent authorities, that as the result of rust the total wheat crop in this district; notwithstanding the extra area under cultivation, will be at least one, third less than the yield of last harvest. The crops most affected with rust are those growing on low black soils ; but then there are exceptions to this rule. Very close to town are one or two wheat paddocks where the situation is hilly, and the soil a red clay, that have rust badly. ' Some of our farmers are, perhaps, too indifferent in the matter of selecting their seed wheat, while others make it a study as to the kind of grass best adapted to contain soils.' The " white Lammas" type long'been"the'most esteemed variety for moist alluvial flats, and ""purple straw" has found favour with those who have dry chocolate soils in elevated localities. However, the last-named wheat it appears, is very liable to rust. One of our Bombowlee farmers procured some seed from Adelaide; supposed to "be of a superior quality, and sowed one of his paddocks with the same. Adjoining this, he sowed white Lammas." The former crop is very' rusty, while the latter is almost free from it. There will be a grand crop of oats this season. The presen- price for oats -ore is 2s. 9d. per. bushel. Corn is offered at 3d. per bushel, but is not "kelJ'to'remain long at this figure. The corn crops around here look healthy, but to preserve this appearance they will shortly need more moisture. Our farmers are gradually becoming aware of the value of machinery in gathering in the crops.' Reapers and mowers' are getting common amongst us, and capers and binders are coming to us. On Thursday last several of our leading, agriculturists attended at' Mr. Robert Wilson's farm, at the Gilmore, to witness the working of a McCormick reaper: and hinder. A practical person from Messrs. Lassetter and Co.'s, Sydney, was in attendance for the purpose of starting the machine, which did its work' most satisfactorily ;' Mr. "Wilson has" lGOTíeres of wheat of his own growing to operate upon. On- Wednesday next an Osborne machine is to be put in motion slap of, the Gilmore, and our farmers will have on opportunity of judging of the relative merits of' these machines. Mr. Stephen Waters is about to work the latter reaper and binder. During sack a i hot season as this machinery that will quickly cut and secure the" crops much needed." When the grain ripens rapidly, the low price of hand- reaping is attended with great loss of wheat. According to statistical returns, the harvest of 1877 yielded of wheat 48,825 bushels and in found figures of oats, 10,000 ; maize, 48.00; barley, 1000 bushels, renee ely. The wheat was the produce of 2175 acres, giving an average of over 21 bushels to the acre Tumut, therefore, on the list stands next to tamworth, without doubt one of the finest wheat-producing districts in the colony But are these returns, which are collected by the loco) police, reliable ! Our farmers unanimously agree that these returns cannot be depended upon, certain good judges inform me that we should come nearer to the truth if one fourth of the quantity given in as the actual A field was deducted there from The fault does not he altogether TV 5th the police sheeny perform, and in this quarter they have performed their task to the best of their power,, but they have no means of checking the amount given to them, the yield is usually guessed it and no doubt in most instances more or less exaggerated then the returns are collected too early The latter end of March would be the be" time for collecting them, and certainly some new system of collection should be devised We here in Tumut about seven threshing machines, two worked by steam and the others by horse- power for the or hears of those various machines, when the season is concluded, could from their books make up a very correct statement of the actual annual yield of wheat in this district A public meeting was held at the Commercial Hotel on Saturday evening last, to receive the l report of the tin asters of the" Recreation Ground Mr A Emanuel occupied the chair Mr L G Brown read an account of the past doings of the trustee. and of the various sums received by them for the re- it of the ground also, the amounts disbursed for improvements It appears that £100 9s8diomiin!, to the credit of the trustees and ¿lOljshm to be received as lenton the 31st March next Ino reported deemed satifactory v by the meeting, and a balanc- sheet. was ordered to be published The ti used as nominated Mr A Emanuel as their comrades in place of Mr L Mander! on if he had ceased to reside in the colony Huges and results u. etc to be drawn up forthwith to the futuiemanagemcntol the Recreation Ground Tenders are shortly to be called, as soon as the plans are Prepared,, for a new grand stand on the racecourse on. the cost not to exceed £300 WAGGA WAGGA, Dec 9 The past week has been one of great heat the nights being particularly oppressive claim is now much looked for, as the country around is beginning to have a due i ip look despite the generous rainfall of the flood time or a month back this morning was ushered in with a sky overcast with heat j black cloud., and a show or of a few minutes duration tell but I fear that the chances of bcneCcinl man are not immediate as there is every md cation that a clearing off will be been before the day closes I je i ml weekly meeting of the Railway I Extension Committee was not exiled on Monds A evenly", as it is felt that in the present aspect of political matters, there is no h ng for the committee to do but v- at Considerable interest is left is to the probable suc- css out of the Farnell-Vfnusti >- much merchant usu ably manifested in this part in the colony in Ministerial change The general feeling is one of the most earnest hope that we shall not have a Robertson Ministry, is in Sir John Robertson the southern route is said to have one of its most steadfast opponents One of the bits of information dropped from the deputation to Sydney in thi'-m.ittcijirot reported, is that bacon lersition with Sir Henry Parkes, that post able Premier of the future expressed himself as being so fully impressed with the importance of the southern route that Levi would, if Minister, go out upon the question Are all know that expressions of this sort given in this way out of office, are selling and to be of binding import when office is entered on And it is extremely likely that, Issue It Par Les should get hold of the being in a he too would be found to follow the "same will rule However this may be, the railway extension people at least put the tin trust in him just now, and the wish therefore that the tele-, land may bring he news that he has succeeded informing a Ministry in it be found to be pretty general, at any late in the town for the life of the Minister who have just given up the ghost, There is, I think, on the whole some feeling of regret in this district A good many are concerned to think that their retirement just noT 119 put off some indefinite period a great many useful measures, for which the country has much need, and with those the thought is that it would have been much better had they confined themselves to the endeavour to force legislation on these matters and electoral! reform, with the declaration that they held that the magnitude of the land question, and the necessity for a thorough reform of the whole of the dimmest action of the land Ira s would be sufficient justification, for putting it off for the deliberations of a reformed representation. of the country if the fashionable tell gence column has not exactly become a local lines institution is, we have it my late a fair sprinkling of announcement of the arrival of people who iionoubilities u not precisely of what might be and the fashionable world During the week we had the Victorian Lille leads, and on Friday we had the Vu til li in Eleven who were must c in cell} gipsies, and is correctly cheered by an admiring crowds who he has cabled to do honour to the world renowned t ara Some efforts were talked of to get them to sent me du tuUownig day (Saturday), to visit the cricket ground, when a in match was to be p m ed by the Goulburn men against an elect co of V agga I cannot say if the request was pressed, but if so it was not granted, and the Australian Eleven went on the r way No doubt you will admire the canny idea to draw these celebrities in cachet to the ground during the match, when I tell you that the Wagga, club now goes m for the gate-money system With the news well-spread about, as if would have been by the Saturday morning s journals, that the ground would be v is ted by the Mis to loan Eleven, there would hive been a great attraction and they would inseminated ed to an increase in the Wagga club's funds In the most mine cut manner possible Butot course it was all done out of the purest and most enthusiastic admiration-a com- modity, by the bye of which I should thin the Austrians were by this time getting rather sick People seem to be quite incapable of learning that there may be possibly a great deal of its sitting and fatiguing mono on, even in the most sincere head of admiration, when you have them So we U up hot where ever you may go, and in every show of the tw emy -JOUI In our cricket matters we are keeping rather lively The match for the Cox Cup but just over, and last week rain finds the Wagga club at work with a Goulburn team this time as their opponent'. The match was pulled on Sa today, a number of spectators being present at dtuuigthedi\ The Wagga men were decidedly the teenagers who had seven wickets to spare Wagga scoring 74 in the last illness, and 21 in the second Go fours ran up 82 in their iii s innings and in the second seeded the recently 13 to win, with the us, of three w slut-. In the evening there was a dinner, us in the close of the match between Cootamundra manager for the Cox. Cup in he pi colony week, at which there was the usual amount of china use and speeches, amid which it was announced that Mr A O Jones, a very stead- fast portion of cricket in the-, district, whose purchasing in the matter of the Jon District Cup has kept the game alive There, had promised a cup, value of, four series of matches between the Goulburn and Waggiineu Ii out matches are to come is thickly us that we in to promise I think the V. ae. men would do well to consider the propriety of dropping these dinners, vice appear to be gentle _ quite the rule i lit great Aust allan team for whom all cricketers pills, such admiration, did not get their laurels an indulgence in and by the way of junketing for all the purposes of course, a luncheon on the ground, with the toast of " Our "A 131 of and its return, would be quite sufficient for any hitch The lot of! prices makes, it is more than in p clubs, will soon begin to look with disfavor upon the cricket proclivities of his loving hopefully it becomes-, the understood ton. that every match played with a stronger team is to be followed by a hotel jollification, let this jolliffe ation be ever so mild The week has been created for the homing C ithohe portion of the community by a spiritual retreat, which was opened by Dr Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, and conducted by Rev Mr Kelly, is I A very far a number of wor shippers have taken put in the religious exercises of the time, and thesicrvmentol confirmation was administered by the Bishop on Ci due to a great number of the youth of the Roman Catholic fi ith Li this district. There was some talk of a lift from the Rev. Mr Chiniquy about the 12th of 16th instant, but asset the announce rent of his visit has not been published An application was, I believe, made tothelreunasons Hall company to the use of the seasons Hall for the rev gentleman a lecture as , but it is said that it is extremely doubtful that the directors will let the building for the purpose and it is thought that the lectures will be held rather Wesleyan Church Alterations aicpiocecdrngto the M agga courthouse, and we are promised extensive changes in the Wagga gaol As the presence of the latter in the centre of the town is one of our pet grievances, for the removal of which there has been some imita- tion, it will be understood that we are not sibilant over the news that the Government are about to spend a lot of money on it. The hope of removal seems, from this move of the Government, to be. pushed farther off than ever There is some sort of a revival of the half-holiday movement on foot just now, the proposal of the Early Closing association being that all places of business should be closed on V, Wednesday afternoons It is said that the banks have consented to this, and those of the storekeepers who have as yet been dcpi^at.orri¿ed on the subject appear to be willing to make the concession, but a few have yet to be waited on Business in the local stock market has been tolerably brisk the week, the following sales being effected -by Wilkinson, Almehu andLaiendei-7200bieedlngevves for Messrs Hebden, Goldene MO runs for Sir Samuel Wilson, 4000 fat wethers and 'H' ewes, for Mr E Patterson, Piie«.awidgi-, tedious mf7H¡. > and 2500 4-tooth wethers for Barber and Burcher, of Eurie of (Mr. J End of Tabratong By Land and Thonip¡Jon-54 }' , cattle and 32 calves to J J McNickle 1600 2-tooth wethers 1 1 Mir- Wellman, to Mr E Sproule, 000 fit wethers for ski Wilson, to Mr W W Fish, 2000 0 and 8 tooth wethers for Mr Lyne, to Mr h C Pearson, of Sandy Creek, GOO ewes and lambs and 3000 fat wethers for Mr Thomas Newton, of Urana, to Dunn and M'Kinnon, 50 store bullocks for J Mason t< Toohey, Brother. By Elliott, Fosbery and Co -2200 pure merino stud ewes to Mr E J Gilman, of Mittagong, 63 head fat n bullocks for Mr T Chisholm, 2500 maiden e ves for Mr C B Fisher, to Mr T Gordon Mr R G Goodisson (P K. and Co ) sold 60 cowsforEieLaidsonBiotheis to Mr Vf Sawyer Mr G. Mair (E E , and Co ) sold 120 fat bullocks for Mr E M Horsley, of Yabtree, and 50 fat cattle 101 Mr Chas! olm, to Dunn and McKinnon Mr G Mau, jun , M under, cold 118 fat bullocks for Mr J Cochran to Dunn and McKinnon The following selections were taken up at the land office on Thursday -J J Donnelly, GOO acres, county of Clarendon, parish of Hunlugan, James Lucas, 640 acres, county of Bourke parks of London, George Reid, 46 acres 2 roods, county of Clarendon, parish of Dura , Fauna Maua ation, 120 acres county of Wynyard, parish of Gregadoo, John H Nixon, 120 acres, county of Wynyard, parish of Gin egi doo W T Tilden 41 acres, county of Mitchell, parish of TJianguntv, Thomas Fitzpatrick, 145 acres, county of Clarendon, parish of Warrie Warren. 