) THE P I-I A H T 0 M MINER. J C A stori/ 0/ the old qnld digging dage.) / " Tblu you a ghost stoiy," said my uncle Ned, a hale old J gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar affair that happened on Tall mans Gully, in ) We wore all atteiitioii. .and list, cued to tkc very remark - ( able narrative ho related in the followitig manner ; > " You must know," coinmcnced my uncle, " that I and \ four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for J we were most unfortunate, only finding sufticiont golil to \ keep US in the commonest tucker. After our everyd.ay's / work, you may be sure wo were tired enough ; but we were ) every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This r confounded noise alw.ays commenced at midnight, and did J not cease until the break of day. One night we were X determined to see who it was ; so we s.n.liicd forth in the r bright moonlight, and saw a fi-gure in a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an V old claim which bad been deserted for many years. I was ' chosen spokesman, to cxpostul.ate with this noisy digger; ) but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, . transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's ' clothes w.as no Uring man, hnt n .tkeleton ) " Uncle Ned I" we all cried, " how fearful." v " One night, our tout \yas visite l by a. haudsomc, well- to-do looking man, of .about fifty years of age, who ) enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. V He told us that in '51 he aud a mate of his deserted from one of Her Majesty's ships, and s'.arted for the Tallmaus gold fields. Tiiey worked with pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to r see about some letters. Bsforc he went, he said to bis S mate, ' Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the claim for a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and / they parted. ' I went down to Melbonrne,' said the "cx- \ digger, ' an-d there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on . board; and now that t have obtained my discharge, M ) have hastened up here to find my old chum.' 'You wili see him to-night,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the / phanto-m's pick svas heard, aud we all turned out. ' Ah ! ' cried the sailor, ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I aur back. Bob, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which > turned its hideous f.acc on him. With a loud shriek the seeker I fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its pick, .and vanished. In the morning we discovered the 1 poor s.ailor a raving lunatic." , " Oh, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." " Well, you asked mo to. .tell you a .I'toi'//, and I have done so." ' 1 ' i ' I . i i . i I " Then, it is not true ? " " Well, said our uncle, laughing, " it is as true jas many I of the absurd yarns that got about during the raging of the gold fever. Ah, those were strange days, when men would undergo any amount of privation for a few ounces » of gold. How different it is now ; for should a man be pushed for a large or small amount all that he has to do is to have .an interview with I DA YID "HENRY, of 52 Collins street east. Who has from £5 to .£10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without security),' salary orders, life I policies, certific.ates, deeds, bill of hading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from England .and elsewhere, etc., I rcpay.able to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discounted <laily at the lowest rate of interest, and mortgages from () per cent. 