EUTHEEGLEN BOEOUGH COUNCIL. " SioirbAY,;' 20xir AubOsx! l '' ' u Prosont : Tlio Mayor, and Crs. Iluntor, Booth, King, Nott, nnd Moohan. (jJy.;V,,|;j T, ; | minutes. : Tlio inmutos or tlio previous moot ing, wp'ro read and conflrined. g a iii iCSrinUBl'ONliENdBf- 1 k'. 1 Tho only corrcspondonco woro two lottors, 0110 from tlio OlTico of Lands and Survoy, and ono from Mr. Goo. ;Sharj)o,f . M.L.A., . bptli, roforriug,.to) tlio |5r6po(scd rcsorvatibn' of a pbttibh of tho public gardens wator supply resorvo, for a polico paddock. Thoso lottors caused considerable discussion, tho Councillors present expressing! tbeir strong disapproval of .any'., por tion of tho reserve being takon, for Bucli a purposo. According . to tbo tracings oncloscd, tlio, part proposed to bo taken was. ono; of tho very host sites in tho, rosbryo, nnd soyornli hundred pounds had Leon expended by. tho Council in impl'oving tlio: yo-, sorvo, by planting troos, forming and grnvolling footpaths, erecting seats, &c.;, and ns'thoro nro sevoral liundrodv acres of unnlionntcd Crown ' Lands in tho Borough, in close proximity to tho polico camp, so that uo '-difficulty would boexporionccd in solccting a suitnblo placo form polico paddock, Without encroaching on tho resorvo. ' It was docidod, on tlio motion of Cr. Booth, isccondcd by 1 Cr. Hunter, that tbo Town Clorlc writo to tlio Hon. ,tlo Miuistor for Lands, nnd in-: form him that tho Council objected to, any .portion of tlio, .resorvo .being, taken for tl.io purposo named,; finance. Tho following'aecounts woro pnssod for pavmont : — W. Boyd £t IV.; Elliott, £7 5s.; Day Labor, £3 Os. Gd.; G. Burning; £9 Is.; Deputation Ex- ponses, £12s.; Eyo nnd Ear Hospital, £1 Is. ' ! It was decided, on tho motion of Cr. Booth, seconded by Or. Mooliau, that, two oiuus bo presented to tho Cliiftcrn Shiro Uouucil for'tho ' Chit- torn Public Park. — Carried. l:i ; It was nlno resolved 'that tho noivly appointed Bcccivor mnd Pay master nt Kutliorglen bo aUowod tho uso of tho Council Chninbprs two days in each wook. to ;recoivo pny- nionts, &c;, i , , Tlio Mayor , brought undor tho notico of,, tlio .Coupcil that it was proposed by thp.Eailway Dopartincnt to divort tho main Chiltorn road from ,its prosont courso, about qnof quarter of a milo from Euth'orglon, and to .Carry it along, by My,. Fortune's paddoctcj so! iw to form j a junction- with Br'odn's ' Plains 1 road ""nt thnt- ' point. This altorntion was proposed to bo mado,:and tbo Council: had not been consulted in tho uinttor. | Cr. Boojih movod, nnd Cr. .King, sopfih'dod, that tlicr ToVviiiOlork coiii- municato with tho Hon. tho Com missioner -of i Bailways.i.-stating /that tho Council objected to tbo altorntion proposod to be mado in diverting tho course pf jtjip said, road, :yt -(wos- / p- 1 1 cophupljion of. tTjio.jiimin oq',', \ TENDERS. .n-bflC ) ssllil' I Cr. Hunter moved, and Cr. Nott i seconded, that the tender of Mr. C. Sohwouzol, for renting tho rnqecourso : fosorvo, 1/d accepte'd; 1 ; Cr. jil'eoluvu jniove|; apppcL, mbnt, arid Or'. King seconded',' that' fresh toridorsi bO: called 'foil .renting tho paddock, to bo iuby .ipxt mooting. ;. | Tho, voting for tho motion and tho nmondmont being equal, tbo Mayor gavo'his casting vote in favor of tlio nmondmont, which was/carried, i The Council tlibri SdjburAbd.; i | mx! Aepeeii Tennyson Dickens, of Hamilton, son of tho Into Charles Dickons/'tho celebratod novelist,, has 'boon appointed roturning-officpr. for , tho Westorn Provinco. ' -, ; Boyle and Sfoffobtii's Bowling. — Of tho boivling of tho Australian Eloven'r. th'o ./.Daf'Zy News (Lbridou) 'speaks in the. following: torms " It . was" siiggostod "by orio .or two critics, that tlio i .colonists hail 1 some;; now ' system' in- their bowling',. but jt ia' tobi Into to hopo to .invent .anything 0f that sort. No new trick, but n tho rough miist'ory of all 'tlio- Old moves of tho .bowler; malco Messrs. Boylo and. Spoffdi-tli po'hiir'd to play. Tboy havo ..tlio 'accuracy1 and nstutonoss. of . pro-: fossiohals, witli tho' froshuoss: and ' doyil'.lbf 'tlio .mmatour who';, lias'.iioli bvorpraotised, whoso porfoi'manCps : aro ..nqt, tho;;o0of a moro ;machinp.v . 8trafgjyei|s) ; j udguien t .pf long tli,., and. groat , variety of, pace .aro thoir opp'u Becroti.,1 Tlio victory, therefore, of tlip Englisli' goutlbiiibn agairiht thbsbuin-;, togbriists is more crpditablo." : . Kleptomania;— A elbvor 'piuco 'of' work has > llCbn: aocomplishod.i'ii/'tho Lauds department, an orriug oflicor. of long-', standing being tlio. victim, 'Kleptomania docs not corifino its victims to '. valuables iu , sbapb , of . moiioy or jcwollory, but pormits -of oporatibus on swootmeats.oiv :inithoir; absouco, ou tho oxeolleut faro pnjoyed by civil 'servants 'at' tho half - hour forenoon interval. " Iu' ono branch of tho Byduoy Lauds olllco a day 'has , novor passed over without coiriplaiuts- of Bomo unscrupulous liaud .boiiig laid on tho lunch baskots. One- gontloman was victimised four timos succossiyoly ridt'a wook ago, arid tlio horrible prosoutimont camo , .to liiH mind that tho Chief of tho branch Was tbo culprit! A conforoncb ivas hold, and it was docidod to bring tbo, offoridor to justico. Tlio" "whole.' of'- tho lunchos noxt day wore liborally. served with tartar omotio. At mbtfut 1 the. cliiof folt disinclined lio dino, and at 2 was suro ho was attackod.; by cliolora or typhoid. Half an hour later tho real syuiptems woro apparent' uud tlio symiiatbios of tbo oikcors of; tlio Dopartmont increased as tlio. tabloau draw nigh. Ho was suro ho was going to givo up the ghost (as lio had had a. fearful dosoj, but instead of tbatgavo up tlio dinner! 'Ho .l|as; since potitionod for tiro rcujoy'al.'.itjs said, of tljo chiof oon'spira tor oq ,tftO; ground if insubdrdinatiqrir , .. 7 