iVA'IVS OF THE DAY. The Fabian policy of delay Which 1b the favorite resort at the Czar of Russia and his statesmen whenever complicntionsof an unto ward charaoter arise has been used once more. The recently develoued nurnose of Russia having arouecd several powerful nations and led to their forming a combination to resist the progress of Muscovite encroachment, has compelled the Russians to stop their hand. The Czar's health is said to be bad, and that is assigned as the ostensible reason for inaction. Count Schouvaloff has been ordered to Loudon, and it is to be made to appear that the Rnssian ruler is anxious for a paailia solution of thu difficulty which his operations ore solely responsible for. But while this appearance is presented to other nations, there is not the least relaxa. tion in the Russian empire in preparing for a renewal of war on a large scale. A further conscription is being made, which will add nominally 70,000 troops to tbo armies of the Czar, and will probably droit a far larger number of men into the ranks. Meanwhile in the Punjaub, which U where the British Indian forces are being massed, in order to operate against Afghanistan, an epidemic of fever has broken out, and the mortality is described as large. The Pnnjanb, forming as it does a triangle, of which the river Sntlej is the base, and the other sides aretheSoliman Monntainsandthe Indian Caucasus, is also intersected by a number of small streams, including the Indus, into whioh they foil, and the country is therefore a favorable spot for tho spread of infections diseases. The cold weather that is now rapidly approaching will, how ever, probably arrest the progress of the fever, and restore health to the districts that have been attacked. Business of great interest and importance will oconpy the attention of Parliament during the present week. To-morrow even ing the debate on the additional estimates will be resumed in committee of supply, when probably a decision will be arrived at in reference to the vote of £5000 for the proposed embassy to England, Mr. Monro's amendment, binding the delegation to cer tain speoifio proposals, will be further dis cussed, after which Mr. R. Clark, of Sand hurst, intends to move his amendment in favor of the subject being decided by the country. The Government are confident of a large majority, and hopo to close the session by tbe end of the week, consequently a number of measures which the Assembly has not yet sufficiently dieoussed will have to be dropped. Amongst the innocents to be slaughtered are the bill providing for tho Sebastopol Drainage Scheme, the Supreme Court Judicature Bill, the Mining Statute Amendment Bill, tho Mining on Pri vate Property Bill, passed by the Legislative Council, and the two reform bills passed by that chamber. The Postmaster-General, having completed his arrangements in the postal branch of the central offioo, is now directing his attention to the improvement of our telegraph system, with a view to extension of its use beyond any previously- conceived notion in this co lony. At a meeting of the society of tele graphic engineers, Mr. H. Preece delirered a lecture on the American Telegraph System. Here is one short quotation : — " They carry their telegraph system to a pitch of perfec tion that we cannot understand. There is scarcely a private house in New York of any pretensions, or indeed in any town of over t!0, (KjO inhabitants, which has not its call- box iu tbe ball or in the office for the transmission of orders. Supposing you want a messenger to fetch you tobacco, or a car riage to take yon to the theatre ; or sup posing you are ill and want a doctor, or are attacked and want the police, all you have to do is to put an index to 'dootor' or 'mes senger' or 'police,' and start a handle. It immediately rings a bell at tbecenjral sta tion, which indicates the street and the number of tbe honso, as well aa the message. In this way the telegraph in America is made subservient to the comfort and conve niences of social life." If Mv. Patterson will apply his usual vigor to reform and purfeot our sleepy telegraph system, he will still further add to his reputation as an administrator. Tho diamond drill was. got to work at Castlemaine at noon on Friday, when, the bore being through the rubbly quartz vein that bos caused tho stoppage, boring was proceeded with rapidly, and 20 feet was got through by four o'clock. The Jicpresentative says that on Saturday morning it was down 115 feet, and in hard saudstoue, intersected with small bands of ironstone and quartz. .In this tbe drill is working smoothly and satisfactorily. Mr. Bent, M.L.A., has determined to hold a meeting of hie constituents at Brighton this evening, for the purpose of justifying his stonewall taotics, which have caused so much aunoyanca and inconvenience to all parties in the Legislative Assembly, and elicited such a strong expression of opiuiou from the Speaker. How far Mr. Bent's constituents will support him in his extra ordinary conduct iu Parliament it is difficult to say, but the faot should bo borne in mind tbat it was not only the Speaker who lost all patienco with tbe hon. member, but the whole House, and so emphatic was the mani festation of opinion on all sides that Mr. Bent withdrew his motion for his resolution contingent on going into committee of supply to have precedence of one brought forward by Mr. Dwyer. The present month's issue of the Austral asian Jmurance and Banking Jlecord has an article dealing with the report of the Com missioners of Savings Banks, commenting upon the reductions in tbe largor sums held by individual depositors, and the increase in the number of smaller depositors. It says : — "The combination of these experiences leads to tbe conclusion that the decline in the net amount of deposits is due, not to a diminution in . the savings of tbe humbler classes, but to withdrawals instigated by the higher rates of interest offered by banks, finance companies and building societies." The position taken by the Record is precisely similar to that adopted by The Age, and exposes — if further exposure were needful — the absurdity of the attempt made by the extreme Opposition journal to trace the diminution in the aggregate amount of money in the savings bauks to political causes. With regard to our building societies, the Record considers their present position an indication of satisfactory progress, whioh "feeling of aatisfaotion is not decreased when a comparison is made with similar eocieties in the mother country. From an ofiioial investigation it was ascertained that in 1872 there woro 2000 societies in existence iu England. Their total assets were esti mated at about £17,000,000, and their annual income at £11,000,000. Taking the population of Viotoria at 850,000, and that of England at 25,000,000, it appears that the assets and income in Victoria are £3 8s., and (say) £1 os. per head, while in Englaud they are 13s. 7d. and 8s. 9d. per head re- spectively." The Mayor-olect of Melbourne (Cr, Story) took hie seat as Mayor for the first time on Saturday, at the quarterly meeting of the City Counail. In the evening the inaugural dinner was given, there being upwards of four hundred goutlomen present, including his Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen, Mr. Berry andeoveral members of tbe Ministry, as well as a large number of members of Parliament. Party politics wore carefully avoided by every speaker with the exception of Sir John O'Shanassy, who with questionable taste made allusions to them when responding to the toast of the Parliament of Victoria. The majority of the speeches, however, were pleasant, and an enjoyable evoning was spent. The eighteenth annual competitive meet ing held under the auspices of the Vic torian Rifle Association was virtually brought to a close on Saturday, the only orent re maining undecided being the Parliamentary Matoh, which will be fired to-day. Tho weather, as on tho previous days, was fine and warm, but the wind again interfered with the shooting, and greatly iucreased the difficulty of making. goud scores. .Notwith standing this disadvantage, however, the re sults obtained were vury satisfactory, as a reference to the prize lists will show. The meeting as a whole, although not satisfac tory iu point of numbers, has served to demonstrate tbe fact tbat Victorian marks men are fully maintaining their reputation. Captain Christopherson, who has had charge of the etatistieal department throughout, made admirable arrangements for the iesue of prize lists, tbe despatch with which they have been prepared being attested by the faut of every list being furnished on the last day of the meeting, instead of two or three days afterwards, as on previous occasions. During the firing of the Snrgood Cup on Saturday one of the markers narrowly escaped with his life, as a bullet penetrated hie shelter-house in a most peculiar manner by passing through the mortar between the hluestone blocks of which it was constructed. To prevent any possibility of the recurrence of such an accident, the inner walls will now be lined with brick. The work of cutting down and refitting the Nelson will bo completed about the end of next week. The event will be celebrated by a trip down the Bay and a luncheon on board, at which several members of tbe Government are to be present. It is currently reported that if the Go vernment proposal to send a delegation to Englaud to confer with the Colonial Secre tary upon the reform question is carried out, tho Opposition also intend to send home representatives to state their views upon the subject. Amongst those whose names have been mentioned aa being likely to be aeked by the Opposition to proceed to England on their behalf are Mr, Gillies, M. L.A., and Mr. Langton. The destruction of rabbits on the estate of Mr. J. L. Currie, of Larra, Dcrrinallum, by the sulphide of carbon proeosu, is going on satisfactorily. The Vamperdoian Chronicle says : — " it Ua3 advanced beyoud the experi mental stufctj, and is now being proceeded with iaru.ay and systematically. Any per sons allowing their property to be destroyed by these pco.ra in future will, therefore, have only theitoetvea to blame." Our contem porary niint have added that the act for tbe suppression of the rabbit nuisance will not only ofd the efforts of landed proprietors like Mr. Currie, but it will also compel their neighbors to clear their lands also, and ,thu prevent them again stocking tbe adjoining and cleared properties. The ex-mayor, Mr. Pigdon, hsa received from the honorary treasurer of the Pearce Testimonial Fund in Sydney £475 12s. Cd., which, with the local subscriptions, is to bo invested for Mr. Pcarce's benefit. The Chimborazo, one of tbe Orient Line of steamers, arrived last evening from Sydney en route for London via Adelaide and the 6uex Canal. She is to leave Hobson's Bay on Friday, when a mail direct to Ply- month and one tna Brindisi will bo made up to go by her. An unfortunate fatal accident occarrod on board the Bhip Theophane, whioh arrived on Saturday from London, whersby one of the . apprentices, named Henry Farlen, was lost overboard. The ship at the time was going about fourteen knots per . hour, and the night was very dark, so no assistance :oould possibly be rendered. No blame is attributable to anyone but the unfortunate youth himself. Charles Johnson, tho prisoner who escaped from the gang working on the Militajy.road on Tuesday lost, was yesterday afternoon ar rested in Emerald-hill by Sergeant Rut- ledge and Constable Cawsey. He will be brought up at the local police court to-day on a charge of having escaped from lawful custody. Johusoo, who wss sentenced to three years' incarceration on a charge of robbery from the person, would have been set at liberty on tne 21st of next month by the expiration of his term of imprisonment. The new mayor of Geeloog, Aid. J. H. Connor, was duly invested with the robes of office at the quarterly meeting of tbe town council held on Saturday at noon. The council determined (writes our Geelong cor respondent) to accord their support to M r. G. F. Belcher, M.L.A., in his movement to get a clause inserted in the Amending Police Offences Statute, which will give power to the polioe to prevent the congre gation of persons on the footpaths and at the corners of the streets of tbe town. The Government astronomer reports : — The weather during the past week was gene rally fine. During the first few days bois terous and very warm, with occasional rain- showers ; on tbe 6th and 7th cool and plea sant, and towards the end of the week again very warm, with heavy dew during the nights of the 7th, 8th nnd 9th. Tbe highest temperature in tbe shade was 81.9 ; tho lowest 47.0. The highest reading of tho barometer wbb 30.269 inches; the lowest 29.432, and throughout the week tho barometer was unsteady, rising and falling rapidly at short intervals. Rain fell to the amount of 0.21 in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 24.95 inohes, as compared with 22.24 during tho same period iu 1877, aud on average of 22.30 inches during tho last twenty years. The Baptist Association of Victoria will commence its oighteeath annual session this evening, when tbe chairman, the Rev. W, Poole, will deliver the annual address in tbe Collins-street Baptist Church. The chair will bo taken athalf-past seven o'clock, Tbe following cases of accident were ad- mitted into the Molbonrne Hospital on Satur day : — Bernard O'Farrel, forty-five years of age," residing in Collingwood, suffering from a fractured knee-cap, caused by being thrown from a buggy when coming from the raaecourse ; Frederick Hill, twenty-one years of ago, residing in Little Lonsdale- street, suffering from braises in tho abdomen, caused by being thrown from a horse on tho Flemington raoeoourse. Tbe body of the woman found in the river Yarra on Friday night was on Saturday iden tified as that of Jane Patcrson, who has been missing from her home at Emerald-bill for .four months. Mr. Burnett's temperance operations of last Saturday began with a proaeesion of obildren, headed by the Emerald-hill band. Tho orphanage reserve was reached by three o'clook in the afternoon, where the children were formed into a large open.air meeting, presided over by Mr. J. Nimrao, M.L.A., who, together with Messrs. Burnett, Mao- gregor, M.L.a., and Hiddlestono, delivered exoellent addresses. At eight p.m. Mr. Bur nett's last mass open-air gathering, previous to his departure tor Sanaridge, took place, preceded by the usual torchlight proces sion. The meeting was presided over by Mr. Dow, M-.L.A., who said that although, owing to Mr. Burnett's suc cess in some gold mines, he was enabled in addition to the severe physical and mental labor connected with bis temperance work also to bear tho heavy pecuniary .charges connected with it, still it was not creditable to the various tomperance organisations of tbe oolony that they allowed him to do so. Mr. Burnett delivered a stirring address, and tho proceedings were interspersed with musio. At nine o'clock an adjournment was mado to the Mechanics' Institute and Wes- loyan schoolroom, where large meetings, pre sided over respectively by the Rev. W. P. Wells nnd Mr. Edwards, were addressed by Messrs. Burnett, Nimmo and Hiddlcstone. The signatures to tho pledge for tho week have been 835. Mr. Rignold appeared for the laBb time at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, taking the principal characters in Alone and Black-eyed Susan. HiB acting was excellent in both pieces, and the audience was very enthusiastic, insisting on several occasions on his appearance before the curtain. To-night Mr. Emery, an actor of high reputation, recently from England, will make his debut before the Melbourne pablio, when he will take the part ot Peggotty in an adaptation of Dickens s David Copperfield. The Vagabond of Sandy Bar, or, as it was called when produced at the Princess's Theatre, Two Men of Sandy Bar, was pro duced at the Academy of Musio on Saturday evening, with Mr. Doreay Ogden and Misa Beatrice as Sauny Mortou and Donna Jovita Castro respeotively. The piece was well put on tho stage, and was acted throughout in a manner that found favor with tho audience. The cast included Mr. and Mrs. Herudon, Miss L. Dixon, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Froine and other members of the company, amongst whom the minor parts were more or le3s judiciously distributed. Mr. Crcswiok repeated his excellent per formance of Macbeth ut the Opera House last evening, with Mre. Steele (Miss Ade laide Bowring) as Lady Macbeth. To-night Richelieu will be presented. Tbe Flying Bock was again successfully produced at the Princess's Theatre on Satur day evening, The Derby scene and tho jockeys' hornpipe were received with special favor, and the pieue, as a wbole, went smoothly and well. The United States Minstrels' entertainment at St. George's Hall was a great source of attraction on Saturday evening, aud the varied programme of songs, musical selec tions aud negro comicalities was greatly enjoyed. Mr. ICohler's clever instrumental specialties were a feature in the perform ance, Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghosts wore well patronised on Saturday evening, at tho Athenseum, and the clever illusion was tbe means of amusing, as well ss mystifying, tbe audience. A large number of persons patronised the living bust illusion known as Fatima, now being exhibited in the ante-room to St. George's Hall on Saturday evening. The de ception is very oleverly managed, and is well worth a visit. The people's conoort, under the manage ment of tho committee, of the -Melbourne Total Abstinence Society, was well attended on Saturday evening at the Fitzruy town hall. A good programme was provided by Mr. Alfred Silvester, Mdlle. Naomi aud M. Ernest Voltaire, ventriloquist. Mr. Frank Richardson acted as conductor. The popular eoncert at the ProteBtant Hall on Saturday night was orawded. Tho programme included Miss Lane and Miss Head, with Miss Stewart as pianists Mr. Kinder, a basso sinner of great compass of voice, who mode his first appearance in Melbourne ; Mr. P. Gill, in his Irish cha racter song ; Mr. J„ Mayer, oomic singer ; Messrs. Simmonds and Frazer, clog and step dancers, and Messrs, Dyson and VVilkiason. Dr. Bulrncr was in the chair. Wo have received No. 1 of tho Australian, a weekly journal started at Brisbane, to collect and puolish Iriett and Catholic News. 'Iho jqnrnal is com piled .In accordance with that anuouuccmiut, aud it Is tolerably tvoi) printed. At the quarterly meeting of tho Euieraltj-hill nodoo. No. 205, 1.O.G.T., tho followlug otticois wuro installed hy Bro. Hogg, L.U., assisted by Bro. Doucult, ot Mutual Help bodge, and Bro. Dawson, of Good intent Lodge, as G.W.S. and G.W.M., respectively, viz.: — W.O.T., lira. Seoley; P.W.C.T., Bro. Towns: W.V.T., Sister Gould; W.T., Bro. Held: VV.F.S., Bro. Mooru; W.T., Pro. Mitchsucr, re-elocteu, seventh term; W.C., Bi.-tvr Folks, re-eloctcl ; W..U., Sister Reid j tV.l.G., Bro. Jew ; 'V.O.G., Bro. Porrett, tV.li.ii,, bro. H. Seeley : W.A.S Bro. M'Gill, jun.; W.B.S., Sister Gould; W.L.S., Bro. Jones. Tne fine weather on Saturday tempted a good many holidny-mnkera to take s. trip to the Heads. The favorite steamer Williams, aprchd'J laid ou for tho occasion, made a start from Sandrldge at an early hour, vith about 160 excuraiomets, for Qucenscllff and Portsca. The trip was an exceedingly pleasant one, and from the rush mado on arrival at QueensciiS to view the now batteries, it would seem the public intereat is again awakening on the queetion of the safety of our ports from foreign ettaek.' Chapman's band discoursed street sounds on tbe trip, and dancing was nut for.'ulien. 