HbEA,THOO{'PE POLICEt COURT. Fridag 30th December, 1878. (lefore E. Field, (presiding), and YW. Von-der-Luft, Esqs. J.P.'s) Police v. Charles M'Carthy. Charged on remand with being a, lunatio, Dr. Robinson, sworn, stated in evi dence that it was diflicult to get an swerstto questions from defendant, who said the devil had come to him in the bush; that he had seen the devil fotur times, and the last time he came there were two of them, That he got rid of them by telling ther, to go about their busiues. He.did. not think it safe for defendiant to be at. large. There was no.reason to believe that Ihe was dan gorous to otheis, but hI- was eyi dently not fit to take care otfhimself. Dr. Scobell gave evidence to the effeot that defendant was suifering from chronio mania, and was continually under the impression that the devil was after him. Defendant was unfit to be at large. Mary Anln M1,farthy, wife of defen dat, sworn -nstated that hbel husband was a farmer at Major's Creek. In April last she noticedt something strange. in his manners He left his ltorseg and plough ant ran away into the hush, and was away-four days. The childlien foundl:him, and li he said' tihe devil lihad een to.hiam. He went away agisin on Friday boefore last, and. they did. not: find hni till the following Monday. ' Constable Salts, who arrested de. fondant, said he found him in a pad dock. He asked defendant the road to Nagambie, and he pointel to an old'road. Hoe then asked him who lie was, and lie said he was the Holy Ghost, Defendant was ordered to be sent to the Kew Lunatic Asylum. A few days ago (says the "Dubbo Despatob) a strange adventure befel Mr. Richard Ridge, superintendent for Messrs Richardson, at Moonageo, He was re turning fromn an inspection of some coun try atand beyond Cooper's Creek, belong ing to Mr, W. W. Richardson. In his buggy were two. cattle puppies, a number of charts of the country he had been ex amining and taking over, 125 revolver cartridges, a pouiu!d canister of powder, and a five-barrelled revolver loaded in all the chambers. Whilst driving along the Warrego, 2i miles or so front Cu.nnamulla he heard one ot the dogs growling and looking downi discovered the buggy wss on lire. He jumlped out at once, unhar nessed the pair of horses, alnd ied them away troll the vehicle. Coining back to the buggy, lie found that while he was taking the horses out the puppies had been burnt to death. He then attempted to save some of the luggage but just as he was leaning over the buggy the car tridges woent ot righlt and left Bullets were tlyiiig about in all directions, and he was hit in three places--on the shoulleor, shin all thllmb. The wounds were not severe, tisrtunately only breaking the skirm; but under this circumstances ?Ir. lidge was remarkably fortuniato that lihe was not dangerously or niortalle wounded. About this tiiue ir. Robert Neal, of Cooper's Creek, who was travelling in company with IMr. Ridge, callos up in his buggy. rht Ridge waved his hand for hlim to keep back, but Mr. Neal did not understand what was iueant, and the first intimation he received of the state of ahtairs was froe a bullet wsluie wincazed last his ear. Tise revolver had by this timse coini nced to dischargeo ts leaden load, ind in the meanwhile Mr. Ridge (who went to the horses) had to renlain in close proximiity-tlhe anlimals being too frightened by the report of the cartridges to move. The canister of powder now exploded, and shattered the body of the buggy, pieces of it flying in all directions. Nothiung was noiw left but thlie wheels and undercarriage, and MIr. Ridge had to travel the remainder of his journely in MIr. Neal's buggy. Fr.oautiel - FPo Tinc TE Irui .ti ll.I't'tr.-- f'ew drops of the liqulid " Florilino " sprinkled oil a wet taothl brush produees it pleasant lather, which tloroutghly cleanscs the teetli t'irolu all parasites or implrities, hIardncls tlie gutile, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth ma peculiar peuiarly-whiteiess, and a delightful fragrance to thle breath. It re. moves all unipleasanlt odourl' arising t'rol decayed teeth or toblacco snoke. ' The Fragrrant Florilite," beiiug couiposed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, i:; delicious to the taste, and the gr'eatte.t toilet discovery of the age. Price, 2s, tid. of all Chnmists and 'Prtiuiners. Pre'pahid by HIenryC.c4lLLt'U!.193 Ox!iud,-s t I lUtdotu 