Tai VALUE OF Ax OLD PIerunE.--In the Romance of Biography, by Edwin Paxton Hood, recently published by Clarke and Co., London, there occurs the following : " In an old number of the Quarterly Re view there is a story of a picture which still adorns the walls of Strathfieldsaye, the seat of the Duke of Wellington. A great many years since, when the wars of Napo leon had thrown all Europe, as well tas France, into commotion, a Mrs. Forbes, whose business it was to pick up old curio sities and articles of vertu, wentinto a shop in Paris, at which she sometimes made purchases, to inquire the price of a dingy old picture. It was five francs. Mrs. Forbes was fond of bargains, and she said it was too much, mentally resolving, as it afterwards transpired, to call the next day and purclhase the dingy old tiling. But the next day Sir Colin Campbell, an aide de-camp and friend of the Duke of Wel lington, was caught in a shower of rain, and took shelter in this very old curiosity shop. Sir Colin had a fancy for old pic tures, and was somewhat of a judge of them. Our dingy old friend attracted his notice, too. He inquired the price. The shopmlan, beginning to imagine that it was, perhaps, of a little more value than lie had supposed, asked eight francs. Sir Colin paid the money, acid the picture was sent home to him. Next he sent for a picture dealer of some eminence; lie got it cleaned and renovated, and both agreed that it must be the work of some very old master. But the thing was to trace its history. It had been sold to the owner of the shop by some monks for all inconsiderable trifle; before that, as was proved, it had belonged to the French government. It had been got rid of in the time of the revolution. Finally it turned out to be a portrait of Edward the Black Prince (who died in 1876), and was supposed to be the only one lie ever sat for. These circumstances created a great stir ; Sir Colin was offered eight hundred napoleons for the picture, which hlie refused. A deputation from the French government waited on him to re present that this was a government pictureo; they had no objection to give him any re muneration, but lie must relinquisll his prize. He stoutly refiused to do so, declar ing that it was ia fair purchase on his part, and they had ino right to deprive lhim of his property. Then the French government called upon the English government to in terpose, and the English ambassador waited upon Sir Colin with no better success than the French official, so they had to give up their point. Sir Colin re tained his picture, and lie shortly after presented it to the Duke, and, as we have said, it still adonis the walls of Strath fieldsayc." TAsmi , A Fism.-" While living at Dur haml," says Dr. Warwick, "I took a walk one evening in Lord Stamford's park. On reaching a pond, in which fish were kept ready for use, I observed a line pike of some 6 lbs. weight. At my approach lie darted away like an arrow. In his hurry hlie knocked his head against aui iron hook fixed in a post in the water, fracturing his slkull and iniuring the object nerve oil one side of his head. He appeared to suffer terrible pain ; lie plunged into the mud, floundered hither and thither, and at last leaping out of the water fell on the bank. On examination a portion of the brain was seen protruding through the fractured skull. This I carefully restored to its place, using a small silver toothpick to raise the splinters of broken bone. The fish remained quiet during the operation; when it was over ho plunged into the pond. At first his suffer ings appeared to be relieved, but in the course of a few minutes lie began rushing right and left until lie again leaped out of the water. I called the keeper, and with his assistasce applied a bandage to the frac ture. That done, we restored him to the pond and left him to his fate. Next morn ing as I reached the water's edge the pike swam quite close to the bank to meet me, and laid his head upon my feet. I thought this an extraordinary proceeding. Without further delay I examined the wound and found it was healing nicely. I then strolled for some time by the side of the pond. The fish swam after me, following my steps, and turning when I turned. The following day I brought a few young friends with me to see the fish. He swam towards me as before. Little by little lie became so tame as to come to my whistle and eat out of my hand. With other persons on the contrary lie continued as wild as ever." Tne HEaIIT OF CASTLEsAUuNE.-1Tho desire for seclusion or quiet retirement from a busy world engrossed in a maddening struggle for wealth, power, or fame is very strong in some natures, as history shows. The impulse is not uncommon, but the moving causes vary considerably. We recently, gave an instance of a man in this colony taking to a hermit life, revolting at the meat-eating practices of society, and de sirous of restricting himself to vegetable diet. The Herald (Melbourne) now records the death of another singular character with a like disposition for isolation. That journal says :-" On Saturday week a man, aged seventy-seven years, died in the vicinity of Castlemaine, who had been living the life of a recluse on Mount Alexander for the last twenty-one years. It is presumed lie felt his end approaching, as some five' months since he left his hernmit's home and went to reside with some relatives, with whom he died. During his long residence on the mount lie appears to have led any thing but an idle life; he has built a hat and a number of small outhouses for goats, and fowls, all roofed with stone and earth, and made a road leading to his place which must have cost him years of labour. His garden was also surrounded with a stone wall. He also took great care to protect the primeval forest kings near his residence from the axe of the woodcutter. Mamny years since hle twisted two stringy bark' saplings together, and so they grew, and now present the appearance of an enormous rope. These are now the only trees of any size left standing, as notwithstanding the short absence of their protector, every tree of any dimensions has been felled. His wants were but few, and were supplied chiefly from his live stock and garden. He is evidently a man of good family and education, and it is not known why ihe was induced to leave the busy haunts of men. His hut and its surroundings may in a short time disappear, but the road which lie has cut through the solid rock will always be pointed out as the work of 'the Her mit.' " A CLAIMANT TO TIIE TIIsONE OF CmmNA.-Ai curious personage, in whom some little in terest is taken by the Chinese, has arrived in Canton as a prisoner, together with his wives, mother, servants, and suite, num-. boring twenty-one persons in all. His ilame is Wong Sam-yee, a Chinamani hail ing from Chau-chau-fu, in Kwantung. About two months back, it appears, he took it into his head to imagine that lie had a claim to the imperial throne, . and pretended to have the power of healing the sick. He now asserts that he is the rightful Emperor of China, and has several hun dred adherents in Chau-cliau- fu. The authorities took no notice of this fanatic for some time, until his assumptions began to " attract attention among the natives, when they had him and his family arrested and..) brought to Canton, where he will be tried by the provincial judge. His crime is one that will find no mercy, and he will in all probability find his pretensions nipped in the bund by a sentence of death by the lingering process. Wong Sam-yee is des cribed as a rather fine-looking man, dressed in mandarin garb, and with an imposing presence. He has few believers among the Cantonese, and there is not the ghost of a chance of any demonstration being at tempted in his favour. - North China Herald. As ITALIAN FANATIc.-Ldondon, August 21.-The Rome correspondent of the Times gives an account of Grosset, the fanatic, and the circumstances of his death. Laz zaretti declared himself to be Christ come again, and had chosen twelve apostles. On the morning of the 18th instant this pro-, phct, at the head of about two thousand five hundred followers, started for the vil lage of Arcidosso. His purpose, it is said, was not peaceful. One hundred believers dressed in white tunics like ancient Jewish priests led the column. At their head walked D?avid, attired in a half-regal, half pontifical costume with a diadem on his head and an iron-studded club in his hand. The procession sang ii hymn with the re- - frain " long live God and the Christian republic; praise be to Christ come a second time on earth." The mob was met half-way by a delegation of the police, accompanied by nine carbineers, who in vited them to disperse. Upon this David cried, "I am ling," and ordered his fol lowers to disarm the soldiers. As he spoke the police were fired upon, and a shower of: stones followed. Again the delegate gave the requisite warning to disperse, which was followed by the prophet aiming a blow at him with his club. The police then, finding themselves surrounded, opened fire, and among the first to fall was the prophet, shot fill in the forehead. His followers, seeing their leader fall, gave way. The danger of children carrying crotchet needles in their pockets was shown the other day when a little girl attending the public school ran one into her thigh. Mliss; Ramsay, with tile aid of a penknife, extracted it, but not without some difliculty.-Gun dagai Times. A had marriage is like an electric mnaclhine; it makes you dance, but you can't let go. Max Adder says :-" We - are surprised, to read in an exchange that 'the corn of Mr. Redman of Lycoming County is 7 ft. high.' AWe pity Roedman. We cannot imagine how he gets his boot on over such a corn as that." : PADR. DAL('s Ineu-ssioNs or AMnssi?s.-I The Nineteenth Century, the Rev. Dr. R. W. Dale of Birminsgham, England, con cludes his paper on popular education in this country. Ie says : - " The worst buildings that I saw are those in New York. **, * Some of the class-rooms were so crowded that I wondered how it was pos sible for the work to be done." Speaking of the opening exercises at the New York Normal College, Dr. Dale says: -" The young ladies were asked for decla mations: as there was no response, they were asked for quotations. Instantly one lady rose after another in every part of the hall, and without leaving her place, recited a brief passage, sometimes in prose, some times in verse. They were chiefly from English and American authors; but, if I remember aright, a few of the quotations were French. On the whole, the selections ,were creditable to the judgment and taste of the students. The eagerness of the young ladies to quote seemed almost as keen as the eagerness of honourable usmem bers to speak during an exciting debate in the Bouse of Commons. There was not a moment's pause frocn first to last. Then, as a matter of course, came the ominous formula, which has now begun to sound quite humorous. The person disguised under the flattering alias of a distinguished stiranger had by this time become accus tomed to the manners of the country, and was not taken unawares. : The ,average American teacher has an intelleet "ual freedom, refinement, and elasticity .which are rarely foundc in the ex-pupil teacher, anid which are not very common even among masters and mistresses who have spent two years at a traiinng-college, although there are some masters and mis ttesses in English public elementary schools who are quite equal, in every respect, to the best masters and mistresses in tile pri mary and grammar schools in America. 5* * As far as I could judge-and I speak with considerable distrust of my own competency to form a very trustworthy opinion on the question-the actual know ledge of an elementary kind possessed by ithe children in American schools, know ledge that can be definitely tested by ex amination, is not much greater than that of children of the same age in our own schools. * * * In mere grind the American teachers are not umuch more 'successful than our pupil-teachers who are in the third or fourth year of their appren ticesehip, but their higher and more liberal 'culture-to use a word of which I became rather tired while I was in New England has a very obvious effect on the children. Children of thirteen in ani American gram mar school may not know very much more than children of the same age in our own public elementary schools, but they seemed to me to be superior in general intelligence, and in what the Americans call brightness. * -: In some of the more wretched districts of New York and Boston, I saw schools in which all the children were ex tremely poor; but generally the children of worling men were sitting on the same forms with children belonging to families that in England would suppose themselves under an obligation to send their children to private schools. :: The presence in the common schools of a large number of children accustomed to the refinements of a pleasant and even luxurious home must have an influence on their less fortu nate schoolfellows which is not easy to estimate, and must greatly aid the work of the teacher. Very much of the teaching which I heard was, in a sense, too good. Everything was made so plain and so easy that there was no hard work left to tile scholars. This struck me again and again in' the schools of every grade. -If the teachers did not teach quite so well, the results would, I believe, be better. : * I will close this paper with ex pressing a rough judgment on the relative position of elementary education in Ame rica and England. When addressing tihe fifteen hundred young ladies in the Normal school of New York, I said: ' In your ele mentary schools you are in advance of us, but so far as the results of your teaching which canl be definitely tested by examina nation are concerned, not so far in advance as I expected. Ten years ago we were a long way behind, but we are improving rapidly, and if you intend to keep before us you will have to work.' " .I INIHoUAN CRUELTY.--Fro1n tie Braidwood Dispatch we learn that a selector at Goora maddu has had'two valuable draught mares shot dead, being riddled with bullets. Both mares were in foal, and when found the entrails of one were protruding. By the loss' of his horses the owner (a Mr. Hum lirys) is prevented from cultivating his and. A general state of insecurity pro vails in the district. SSWIva lNGa AS A FEMIALE ExnsCISE.-h-fr. ifames lMacgregor says that " hundreds of young girls in London are learning to .swim ; but many hundreds more would gladly learn if teachers could be had." With regard to tile great saving of human life that would result from daughters learning to swim as well as sons, the Medical Press and Circular observes :-" It is not within the prbvince of a medical journalist to say muchl on the subject. But there is one aspect of the question on which he is entitled to an opinion, and that is, the effect such a practice would Ihave upon the health of women, particularly at that period of lifo when the human frame has not completed its full development. The advertisements in the newspapers are continually remind ing the public of thIe numerous contrivances, suDpports, stays, shoulder- straps, &c.;, and Sthe various exercises that are best calcu lated to prevent round slhoulders, a stooping, awkward gait, contracted chests, and so forth; but perhaps there is no kind of exercise for girls more calculated to attain tiese desirable objects than that of swim miung. During tile act of swimming tile head is thsown back, the chlest well forward, while the thoraic and respiratory muscles are in strong action, and loth upper and lovwer extremities are brought into full play. Indeed, in a health point of view, females would often have an advantage over tIhe stronger sex, as, owing to the large amout of adipose tissue covering their muscles, and the comparative smallness and light ness of their bones, they not only hIave greater powers of flotation than men, but, as a rule, can continue much longer in tihe water. They are therefore naturally quedi fledto become good swimmers." 