::'': : HOME ' AiAffi 7oJ™. ENGLAND. RIGHT. REV. DR. VAUGHAN. BI SHOP OF SALFORD, ON EUROPEAN . SOCIALISM. The Bishop of Sal ford recently preached in St. John's Cathedral to a crowded con gregation, His Lordshid said tlic Holy Ghost was soni upon the Apoviles and upon j the Church by the 'Father and the Son in j order that the Church and the world, which the Church was appointed to teach, might be sanctlied according io the maxims of the Gospel. The Apostles received the Holy Ghost in order that they might be enabled to spread the Gospel and cleanse the world, which was plunged into wickedness. The salvation of the world at all times depended upon the action of the Holy Spirit. That action must be expected by man, for if man knew and received the Holy Spirit, then would Christianity flourish in the world, and man would become sanctified and raised to a higher condition than merely the natu ral one, and in the end would be eternally happy. At this time we had many trials and sufferings, social and national, not merely here at home, but abroad, and as much or much more abroad than at home. We had recently been told that the whole of Berlin had been in a state of panic, and we had been assured —and there was abundant guarantee for the assertion— that Socialism in Germany was making rapid and disastrous advances, eating its way into the whole popu lation, so that those that were at the head of affairs, those that governed, and those who had anything to lose in the country, were in a state of the most serious anxiety. What had caused this great perturbation were the doctrines were that were involved in the word Socialism. The doctrines of Socialists were that all men were absolutely and in all things equal, not merely that they had the same nature and the same end set before them by God, but that they were created to be socially equal, and any inequality was looked upon by them as an injustice which they themselves were called upon to remedy. This was the Socialism of Germany, and, like the Social ism of France, it maintained a war that was not only a war between capital and labour, but held that between the capitalist on tho one hand and the operative on the other, there must be, and ought to be, antagonism ; that they had no common interests, and that the duty of the operative class was, as far as possible, to take possession of the capital of the country, and divide it equally amongst all men. Socialism maintained, most em phatically and unhesitatingly -and it made no secret of the doctrine held — that the labourer must be paid not only for his labour but that he has a right to a full share in the capital of his employer. And not only so far as capital was concerned did they claim an equal share, but also as far as inilucnce, authority, and position. So far as any kind of superiority was found to exist amongst men, they held it to be their sacred duty to level that superiority, and they proclaimed, that they had no duties to authority, that obedience at the best was only a necessary evil, and that in course of time all men were to be upon the level. The consequence was hatred of authority and rejection of all Gospel precepts of submission and obedience. If they would seek to understand what was the rapid progress these fatal doctrines of Socialism had been making in Germany, they might gauge it by the simple fact that nine years ago there were known to be but ten Socialistic journals published, and in the present day there were fifty which were pro claiming as openly as they dare do, and which insinuated in almost every column, the doctrines he had alluded to. And not only were there these journals, but there were pamphlets innumerable, fly sheets of al manacs, and printed matter scattered up and down the country, with over 100,000 propa gandists spreading those principles amongst the people. This was no doubt a grave reason for apprehension, as it was well-known that in the' private meetings of Socialists, rebellion, robbery, and assassination were spoken of as commendable measures if legal measures failed, and might without scruple be adopted in order that the creed of Socialism might be spread as Mahometanism was spread — by force and the sword. Who could therefore be surprised when they read in the papers the other day of a state of panic at Berlin, and that the hearts of Prince Bismarck and those who had been the perse cutors of the Catholic Church had quailed under the apprehension of what might sud denly happen to the empire ? The leaders of Socialism traced the origin and cause of the spread of these principals of the breaking up of Christianity. They said that Christianity had been 'broken up into so many hundreds of sects that men ceased to believe in it. Only the other day they read in the Times newspaper that most of the Socialistic leaders pointed out that the churchgoers in Germany were in an exceedingly small minority, and that Christianity was dying out. Another of the chief writers of the Socialistic school, Edmund Scherer, now deceased, said that that which was imperilled was not Protes tantism ; it was Christianity, it was religion itself. A year or two ago the population was stated to be 1,126,000 and in course of a year there were 20,000 burials without even a semblance of any kind of religious rite, the people being buried like dogs. The same statistics showed that out of this population of a million and a quarter, only 35,000 regularly went to church, so that the great mass of the population of that large and intellectual city were without any public worship of God. Professor Bracken, in a lecture delivered at Leipzic, pointed out that in Berlin there was only Church accom modation for 40,000 persons, and he said that thai was a great deal more than was required. Another writer said it was almost as much again as needed by the people. Since the new laws of marriage came into operation, it had beer, ascertained that at least a quarter of the population had been married without any religious rite whatever, and the great mass of the people were unbaptized. If this was anything like a true representation of the condition of religion in Prussia, how could they be surprised that Socialism should make such rapid advances ? The schools which had been established had for several generations certainly shown that they had been entirely incapable of supplying the population with a love and reverence for order and authority or with a spirit of self denial. If men were openly to reject the doctrine of salvation, if they were to laugh at hell and put aside Jesus Christ as having a mythical existence, how could we be sur prised that men should refuse to subject themselves to authority, that they should look upon obedience as humbling, that they should consider every one above them as their enemy, that they should refuse to un dergo any self-denial, 'and that they should simply seek their own convenience, wealth, luxury, and happiness in this world. With such a state of things they need not be sur prised that there should be cause for great fear and alarm in the German Empire. Therefore we naturally asked ourselves if these principles of Socialism which we saw working themselves out so pointedly and so remarkably in Germany had any adherents in England. Was there no hostility arising between labour and capital in this country r Were there none who looked upon all those who were raised above them either by birth or education, the circumstance of birth, or wealth, or capital, or property — were there none who looked upon all these as their natural enemies ? Did we not from time to time in this country hear the mut tering of the thunder which sometimes pre ceded the storm, although it often happened that the storm did not follow the first mut tering of the thunder, but died away ? Had we not some cause to look around us and examine into our social condition, to take the veil off the face of things and to ask ourselves honestly whether there were not numbers of persons in fhis country who looked upon capital as their real enemy, who were un willing to suffer the position in which God had placed them ; who gave obedience most grudgingly, and who would submit only to external force and to the presence of the military power. He was very far from hurling condemnation and rebuke at the working classes of this country. He was very far, indeed from wishing to insinuate that the masses of the people were adherents to the doctrines of Socialism. He believed there was a sreat deal too much eood sense among them, and that Christianity had not yet departed from their midst in such a manner as to make Socialism in all its hideous doctrines and precepts acceptable to them. But if we looked over the length and breath of the country and examined into the condition of the masses of the people, not in Lancashire merely, but in London and other towns and centres of the population, we should most certainly find that there was a very fair leavening of Socialistic doctrines, and that there were certaiuly organs in the press and writers of leaders in the newspapers who propagated more or less deliberately the doctrines of socialism from which France had suffered in. the past, and from which Germany had begun to suffer in a terrible way in the present. Before such doctrines should make headway amongst us, it was meet that we should have our eyes opened, and that those who associated and lived amongst the masses of the people should be upon their guard against the stealthy entrance amongst them of the principles which were totally subversive of civil govern ment and the Gospel of Jesus Christ. If it should happen in years to come that horrors should be witnessed in England . such as France and Germany had witnessed ; if in this country in generation to come there should be an organized conspiracy of labour against capital; if there should be a deter mination to pursue the passions of man even to the use of violence— if such a state of things were to come, to what; would it be attributable? It would be too late in genera tions to come to rebuke Socialism for its excesses. {To be concluded.) 