MUSiHTS, ' An adaptation of Mr. Wilkie Collins's novel, No Name, the joiut produotioa of the author and Mr. Wybert Reeve, was presented at the Theatre Royal on Saturday last, the object being to give Mr. Reeve tho oppor tuuity of appearing as Captaia Wragge. The drama, as compared with the novel, iB weak and superficial, to such an extent has it been pared aad remodelled to suit the exigencies of stage representation. The whole of tho interest is oeatrea m uaptaia Wragge and Magdalene Vanstone ; but some of the best situations ia tho career of the headstrong young lady, who Bacrifices herself ia order to be revenged upoa the man who, by right of British law, had deprived her of her father's property, have beea ruthlessly ex punged. The noble-hearted captain of the merchant service, who is the guardian angel of Magdalene, ia not ono of the characters. The heroine is made, after the death of her feeble-minded hus band Noel, to accept the hand of one George Bartram, his heir-at-law, and couaoquontly tho iuheritor of the Van3tone property, of which Magdalene and her sister were deprived on the score of illegitimacy. We miss too the refined cynicism of tho older Claire, aad tho vacillatiug calf love of his sou Frank. No Name, as played at the Theatre Royal, gives one but the bare outlines of the novel, and these serve only to give a faint idea of the author's coacoptiou, and the working out of the plot. The character of Captain Wragge is by no means an original one. The geuteel swindler, who lives upon the credulity of hia fellow men, has often been portrayed, but Wilkie Collina haa ia veBted the militia captain with attributes not generally ascribed to hia class. He ia not ashamed of hia questionable pro fession, nor doea he hide his light under a bushel. On the contrary, he glories ia being an adept in the art of manufacturing begging letters ; he boasts that the bank upon which he drawa his cheques is tho weakness of hia fellow creatures. His manners and costume aro not to be gauged by the barometer of hia exchequer ; compara tive wealth does not mean arrogance, want of funds dooa not mean whining and Boediness. In deportment and speech he never offends socialistic conventionalities, and his dress is alwayb the outward and visible sigu of re spectability. Mr. Reeve thoroughly under stands the character he has to assume, and the various points are strongly brought oub without being overdone. There is a jaunty ras cality about hiB Captaia Wragge that is quite refreshing. Ho takes you into his confidence, and with tho utmost Ion hommie tells you he iB a owindler. He amuses with his rougery, and propounds a scheme of villany with aa off-hand frankness that almost robs it of its offensive aspect. In the seeno where he promises to aid Magdalene, under an assumed name, to marry Isoel Vanstone, hi3 acting was natural, and he lot it be vividly appa rent how consonant with his nature waa any scheme having for its object the deception of a fellow creature. Tho one good spot in his crooked humanity in his admiration for Magdalene's courage, and his determination that ho would at all ovonts refrain from cheating her was mado to contrast Htrongly with his normal con dition of flagrant dishonesty. His attempts to engage tho attention of Mrs, Lecount ia order to give Magdalene and Noel the op portunity of making arrangements for their marriage were amusingly natural, . . and the display of his ecientifio knowledge, gained from a perusal of Joyce's Scientific Dialogues, is characterised by humoristic power. In the last act, where ' ho appears as the well-to-do proprietor of Beveral patent medicines, he waa the affable, , patronising vagabond, wrapped up ia his own self-importance. His harsh oonduot to , hi3 meek and long-suffering wife was made a strong contrast to hia general genial do ineanor. Mr, Reeve makes Captaiu Wragge aa amusing vagabond, whose predatory in stincts are well and effectively worked out. Magdalene Vanstone waa played by Miss Navaro, who succeeded. fairly in depicting the mercenary side of the character. Ia the play she iB introduced after the death of her. parents, aad when, she is proclaimed as haviog 'No Name,' wheu she is deserted by her affianced husband Frank Claire, and when the womanliness of her nature dies out of her for the time, and she hardens her . heart and thinks only of revenge. The mer* cenary spirit that ruled her was pre sented ia strong colors, but waa toned, down by the refining touches of womanliness. ' As George Bartram Mr. Vincent had not op portunity of rising above the level of the conventional stage lover. Mr. Taylor made Noel VauBtone a weak, half- witted invalid. He failed ia iavesting the character with , those traits of captious suspicion, querulous obstinaoy and mean-spirited tyranny ' that belong to it. Ia the small parb . of Mr. Pendril Mr. Stuart O'Brien ; waa quietly poaderous. Mrs. Lesouut was well played by Miss Jenny Watt, but Miss Carringtou failed in depicting the , author's couceptioa of poor Mrs. Wragge, who never got over the buzziag in the head caused by tho multiplicity of orders given to her while a waitress ia a public dining saloon. The character of Miss Garth is a charming one, but as played by Mrs. Edouin Bryer it waa anything but the Miss Garth of Wilkio Collins. The scene of Aldborough ia a well painted marine view by Mr. John Hennings, in' which perfect color and perspective make a charming picture.. Mr. Reevo has also appeared as Plumper ia the comedietta Cool as a Cucumber. With out instituting comparisons between Mr. Reeve and the Plumper of onr youth, it may be said that his impersonation is full of vivacity and humor. Mr. Sterling Why te made a fair Barkins, and Miss Jenny Bryee ; a lively Wiggins. Under the name of Nancy Sykes, a new ver sion of Dickeas's Oliver Twist has been per formed at the Academy of Music. The drama of course deals with the ciroumstantial de* . tails of degraded crime. The adapter, how- ? ever, not content with exposing the evil doings of the Artful Dodger and the villany of Fogin, haa endeavored to heighten the. effects by the introduction of horrible real isms. ThuB we hftye the revolting seusatioa ,'' of Nancy Sykes, after being immolated upoa the shrine of Sykes's brutal suspicion, crawl ing about the stage covered with blood, aad - with a shrieking appeal for 'one kiss' dying at the feet of her murderer. Again, the sight of Bill Sykes, in tho last scene, hanging by the neck ? from a rope fastened to a chimney, and by means of which he expected to escape, . created a feeling of disgust. Such plays as Jack Sheppard and Oliver Twist should be banished from the list of theatrical produo* tions ; but as long as public taste runs ia that ' ? direction, managers with aa eye to treasury receipts will put them on the stage. To those, however, possessed of refined and sensitive instincts, plays like Nancy Sykes can only be productive of feelings of .in« tense horror and disgust. Some of the part3 wore well played, and it is a pity that artistic skill was wasted upon Buck a production. Aa Bill Sykes, Mr. D'Orsay , Ogden waa a success. His every word and action were redolent of villany ; he waB brutally coarse, sulkily vindictive, cruelly ? relentless. His horror when he sees thab his uncurbable passion has caused the death of Naucy waa effectively assumed. The Nancy Sykes of Misa Beatrice was an im« personation in which dramatic power aad artistic pathos were displayed. She depicted the woman, true despite all oruelty to the fiend ia the shape of a man to whom she had given her heart, aad the womanly desire to ' repent and lead a better life, her love for Bill Sykes and refusal to quit , him, aad the terror evinced when it dawns upoa her that her life ia ia danger, were admirably depicted. Her death struggles were terribly realistic ; aad it is a pity that bo much talent should have been be so misdirected. Mr. Frome, an actor who is said to have recently arrived from London, gave but a weak rendering of Fagin. Mr. T. J. Herndon was amusing as Bumble, and the Artful Dodger, was well played by Mr. H. Powor. As Grimwig, the get-up of Mr. Veraon was effectively original. Misa Lizzie Dixon acted the part of Oliver Twist in a commendable manner ; and Mr, Ryan was sufficiently vixenish as Mrs; Bumble. On Thursday evening the performance waa for the benefit of Misa Beatrice and Mr. Montagu Scott. A sensation piece, called Honor Before Wealth, a weak adaptation of a French play, was produced. Mr. D'Orsay Ogden gave a good, representation of the Marquis de Chainpery, a nobleman in reduced circumstances, who accepts the poat of steward, and whose straightforward con duct is rewarded by the hand of his master's daughter. The charaoter of Marguerite afforded Miss Beatrice but little soope for the display of dramatic talent. Mr. Herudon, as a French doctor, was amusing ; and Miss Pelham appeared to advantage as Madame Aubrey. During the week Mr. Moutagu Scott has continued to produce his lightning sketches of well-knowu characters. \- At the Princo of WaleB Theatre Mr. W. Creswiok has repeated hiB intelligent iniper sonatioa of Macbeth. Ou Thursday evening Mr. Croswick appeared for tho first time ia Melbourne as Master Walter ia the Hunch back, and gave a most intelligent and care ful impersonation of the character. Miss Helen Ashton assumed the character of Julia ^j moBt successfully. Mr. Ireland made a good Sir Thomas Clifford, and Mr. Thome's act« ing as Fathom was exoollent. Mr. H. Phillips was not happy in the part of Modus, and Mrs. Horndon's Helen was marred by certain mannerisms of elocution. To-night Mr. CreBwick will re- appoar as VirginiuB. During the oarly ' part of tho week tho sensational dr.tma of British Bora hold its place on the stage of the Princoss's Theatre. A melodramatic and BeuBational drama, called Warlock of the Glen, has also been produced. Th4 scone is laid In tho \- highlands of Scotland, and the plot Is made up of an' attempted murder of s nobleman, the abduotion of his supposed widow, the stealing of his son, and the appropriation of his property. These crimes are done at the instigation of a wicked brother. The Laird supposed to have been murdered puts in an appearance just in time to prevent his wife being forced to give her hand to his brother; the son is found, the property_is restored, and all enda happily. The prin cipal characters were' creditably played by MeaarB. W. G. Carey, W. H. Wallace, S. Poole, Mrs. Wooldridge and Miss Kate Foley. On Wednesday Richelieu was produced, Mr. Tavares^ giving an impressive, careful and artistic rendering pf the Cardinal. Mrs. Tavares made a charming and gracefully natural Julie de Mortimer. The other characters were fairly represented. The U.S. MinBtrels continue to prove attractive at tit. George's Hall, both the musical portion of the entertainment and the sable eccentricities being well carried out. At the Athenreum Hall D'Arcy Read is still exhibiting hia Ghost and his clever epeotral illusions. At the popular promenade concert in the Town Hall on Monday evening, Miss Ada Willetts, the juvenile pianiste, gave several selections upon the pianoforte, and succeeded in exciting the admiration of the audience'in a high degree. Mre. Cutter, Miss Rosina Carandini, and Messrs. Furlong and Bnsat also contributed to the evening's entertain menfc. Several organ solos were skilfully played by Mr. Charles Sykes. A presentation was made on Tuesday fore noon to Miss Ada Willetts, the juvenile pianiste, by the Mayor of Melbourne, in his private room in the Town Hal), on behalf of the committee of the Monday Popular Con certs, in recognition of her services and talents. The presentation took the shape of a gold watoh and chain, the former bearing the following inscription :—' Presented to Mies Ada Willetts, aged ten years, as a small acMfentVof appreciation of her great talents as a pianiste, by the committee of the Mon day Popular Concerts, 28th October, 1878.' The first of tho series of People's Concerts given under the management of the com mitteo of the Total Abstinence Society during the alterations to the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, was held in the Fitzroy Town Hall on Saturday last. The Misses Olive and Clara Barber, Professor Hcnnicke, illu sionist, and Mr. Glover, comique, were the performers engaged. A sooial entertainment for gentlemen was given by the German Liedertaf el at Hookin's Assembly Rooms on Monday evening. The andante and allegro movements of Mendels sohn's quartette for violin, violoncello and two performers on the piano, were admir ably played by Messrs. G. Weston, Hart, Vogt and Hunter. Ab a violiu solo, Mr. G. Weston played the allegro maestro move ment from the Concerto Heroique, by Prume, displaying great execution and expression. A trio for three flutes, played by Messrs' Siede, Rudall and Moerlin, elicited great applause. Mr. T. B. Moroney sang a couple of songs in good style, and several part songs / were given by the Liedertafel with good \- effect. An entertainment was given on Thursday evening by the members of the German Turnverein, in the large hall of their club, in Latrobe-street. A number of vooal and instrumental solos were effectively rendered by amateurs, and-a variety of well-selected choruses were ably performed. Herr Elr eassor officiated most ably as conductor. 