Sydney Letter. ! (reOSC ; OCR OOKÏtSsroXSENT.) " j ' : . . .' - : . April 1st. j . "THE predictions of ? those who, all through ; \ . the lato -conflict in the Bast, haye declared that England most eventually be drawn into 'the^War,.seem likely tb Hé fulfiled, and how ;."will .it effect'us in Australia 5 is natui ally a -.. .question of great interest. Should even ' England (which it is most improbable), stand .alone, her sons will not fear the issue of ike 'struggle, and we believe tiutt America will ?îfiive her both sympathy und sapport Tho I Rev. .bo Witt Tal mage, of New York, ' -speaks in the following terms of the position ' -of England in'tho present crisis of affairs : - '"I will not 'hide -thefact that my deepest ?sympathies are at this moment for England. < Siro hos not always acted kindly to flus nation, but what is tho use of keeping old f-udges, while the fact is certain that nglahd and the United States stand side by . sido to-day in the great cause of Civilization and Christianity. . When England. is humiliated, the Church of God and the Cross of Christ is humiliated. Look at her Churches, her Biblo and' Missionary .-Societies, Sher 'Universities. Look at her Throne, tho purest in Europe, if not in nil , the world. Tho girl Victoria kneeling with her ecclesiastical tad visor on" the night before 1 her coronation-made vows to God, -and . . .-promises to England,;,not.one,of , whick has ?tihwoüorxiiroken." -During "tho'discussion, on; $he» small ironi ? of £728, as an allowance iti'Jiei Of quarters '-. for 1 colonel, 1 lieutenant, ¡ and .27 .marriod men, a singular statement wast made'-by--one of tho members, that some of ; tho nor.-wm- ' missioned- officers in the barracks took in io wing girls as lodgers. Young i ladies have often been accused of 'feeling-- toa?great an admiration for rod-coats, but one -would (îiardly have thought would, hava .carried this, .passion so fat OJÍ-ta lodge in a barracks. The ; .'? "item was pwd,< two members only voting against it /\ A'.'day or two ago, when the house of ..business, of Mason Brothers, was oponed in tho morning, a man was found in tho passage \- dead drunk. He had secreted himself in a . new building next door, and when it was dark, he got up a ladder that the workmen thad deft, rand into the -window of the store, ' . there he i found himself surrounded with samples St whiskey. . Ile pucked up some " bottles lp'..?carry away with - him, but, .unfortunately'for him, he drank so deeply that he was unable to got further than the passage. This was not the first time that a thief, from too freely ¡ indulging stolen delights, hos placed himself in a condition which led to his capture. A gentleman and hts wife rosidiug iu the country took » trip to town for a few days, leaving a well ifumishod house supplied with every comfort, : . Tinder tho charge of a servant girl. Tho latter slept at a neighbor's", "and wont every morning. to tmpn the windows and air' thp. . 'house. ? In gm^ig into tho drawing room, she .found a pacKago^made up of the valuables in "it, und saw that ono of. tho windows .liad 'been forced open, nnd fancied that the . ? burglar must have been alarmed and left his ' .booty behind. When she went into the dining room, she found from the appearance of that apartment that ho Lad not left before . he made ' a good supper, and found "his way to the collar/VÍ ust; as. she was going to run ; .. out to tell thAnelghbors her ears caught tho , ??f. .;c souuds of snoring. .. She stepped gently ä'fr.Aupstair«, aud discovered that they cameirora 4$«. 'tho spare bedroom. The door was opon, and ¡.¿Í'.V» she", peeped in, and there she saw a man U:'i¿' : comfortable asleep, with his dirty boots on, '. c, lying on the mistress's best bed; The moid . croft softly down -and out of. the house, and sent for the police, and the first objects that . lino .unhappy slumberer's eyes rested upon were those he/least desired to see. ? Sir, Edward Deus Thompson has resigned *his 'position as Chancellor of the University. It is supposed that Sir. James Martin or Sir . - . William Manning will take'His place.. Oar- .-Australian.- riflemen will' have an ?'? .^opportunity of again distinguishing them-' 7 selves, as tho Secretary, of -the-National Rifle Association of America Urns written to invite them, to compete for the . Centennial Tropliy, . which will be contested for next September. - ' Those who have time, to spare and money to spend, in evening entertainments, .were ? ? ... never better catered for than at the present timo. At the Victoria 'theatre we have Mr, -Creswick ; at the Royal Mi's. Darrell ; and at tho Queen Mrs. Scot-Siddotis:is attracting, ? .in " Our Boys," .large audiences. Then we . "haye again with us the popular lecturer Me.,' / Clarke, and our'young folks are as delightful as ever with Marionettes; and for those " -who like. " their flesh to creep" there is D'Arcy Road's Ghost. 