TIMOTHY WARE, ESQ. Mb. Timothy Ware stood at bis garden gate and looked down the road. Yon. might have noticed him, perhaps, as you passed along — a wrinkled, keen-eyed, elderly man. Now elderliuess, I take it, is farther off from the sweet ripeness and flavour of old age than youth itself. To be elderly presup poses some thiuness of blood, some sort ol inexpressible poverty of nature, such as there seems to be all about this region where T. Ware's house is located— a range ol leng, low-lying, uneasy hillooks that could never settle themselves to anything ; a sandy, incapable stretch of threadbare grass and stunted woodland. It was not an easy thing to imagine just that over the south ridge lay a smiliug and fruitful country, a thrifty settlement of Quaker farmers, who held themselves, per haps, a little too much aloof from this inhos pitable neighbourhood. It was a chill October afternoon, and the low slant rays of the setting sun looked furtively out from a blue-black ridge of cloud over the garden and the garden's owner. There had been a frost overnight which had wiped out almost every lingering vestige of summer-time. A few elderly beans clang shrinkingly to their poles in the bleak back ground ; a scanty patch of corn rnstled its sere leaves forlornly in the wind, with here and there a pumpkin ripening sparsely be tween, and turning out its yellow rotundity to the snn, as resolved to put the best face on things that was possible ; while, tail and stark, a row of Bunflowers, flapping gauntly above the edge, overlooked the desolation. As old Wave stood there at his gate and looked about him, with his faded red cap on his head and his lank dressing-gown clinging about him, he seemed verily a part of the frost-bitten scene, illustrating it feebly, like an ill-cat frontispiece in a badly printed volume. Yet there was a tradition that he had. once upon a time been the chief figure in a great concern somewhere in town, and that in some forgotten period loDg ago the old weather- beaten house had flaunted gaily in a new coat of paint and bright green shutters, and was bright with new carpets and curtains to welcome a coming bride. But all that was so far away now that people had forgotten the date, and could not recall that they had ever been interested in any thing concerning old Ware. Tin Ware, Esq., the boys called him— a nickname based, perhaps, on a floating legend of miser-made wealth stowed some where awayin the loose clap-boarding of his tenement, or perhaps intended briefly to bear testimony to the value set upon him in the community — Tin Ware, Esq., was not a popular man among the lads of the village. They had a persistent inclination to hoot him, to gibe at him, and to torment his lean, ill-tempered dog, which followed his master everywhere with a snarling and objectionable faithfulness. The boys, considering all these things, felt themselves called upon to vindi cate the claims of justice by robbing old Ware's orchard and breaking into his melon patch. Things in this way were brought to a sort of balance. I myself saw one day, as I passed his fence, a huge charcoal placard, reading thus : B. Ware of the DAWG. Ana many a bare-legged youngster, I have no doubt, hid snickering in the hedge at the sight of old Ware slowly deciphering the scrawl in wrathful spectacles. But very few besides the boys ever troubled the old man with attentions, either for good or ill. He seemed to have slipped from the mind of both men and fate — an elderly, shrivelled old figure wlom Time had forgot ten to dignify with grey hair. He looked up and down the road keenly with his frosty blue eye, not as a man who expected anything or anybody, but simply because it was bis habit to look sharply. And yet as this north-easterly glance swept the road, there came along it something far from unpleasant to look upon — a grey fignre in a Quaker bonnet. There would have been a smile of welcome in almost anybody's eye as the plump quiet Quaker face of Rebecca Rhodes approached, but not a spark kindled in old Ware's flinty grey orbs. Rebecca's well-kept acres lay just beyond him, over the south ridge, and all about her farm-house was trim and tidy, clean and wholesome, as Rebecca herself. It must have been the love of contrast that bro ght her in range of Timothy's dilapidated surroundings ; but of all living things in the village Rebecca alone had a good word for him, and stopped of an odd afternoon now and then to wish him good-day over the gate. " I have brought thee a loaf of sweet bread, neighbour," said she. " I'd an uncommon good baking this week, and I thought thee might not take it amiss to try a loaf." She held forth in her white plump hand a snow- white napkin, opening its folds temptingly as she did so. " I'm wanting naught," was the gruff reply. " Week-old bread's good enough for me, and I make no doubt it might be far better for some other folk than the dainty trash they're set upon — women-folk least ways." The blood came into Rebecca's calm face, but there was no vexation in her answer. " Thee'd never set aside an old friend like that, neighbour," she said. " Nay, nay ; I recommend thee try the loaf. It's spoken well of, is my sweet bread, the country round. Thee will not shorten thy days muoh by just one trial, and if thee likes it not, I'll never trouble thee again." Even the imperturbable face of old Ware shows a slight smile at this miDgling of acerbity and sweetness, but he makes no demonstration. " I'm on my way to see old Betsey," says Rebecca, quietly extending her hand and placing the loaf on the gate post. " She's cue of the town poor— or rather one of the Lord's poor, I think, for she doesn't belong to this township. Poor old Betsey 1" One might have imagined that old Ware gave a sort of start just now, as if an invisi ble electric shock had struck him. He was not used to hearing sympathetic talk of any kind. It tried his nerves, probably. " One of the wretched vagrants that are pauperising the commuuity, wandering bithpr and yon," growled Timothy. "Ay, ay, neighbour," says Rebecca, softly and wistfully ; " a hard time tbey have of it, poor things 1 And this many a year has she been a wanderer and a vaga bond on the face of the earth, has poor old Betsey." She takes the white- covered loaf absently with her large shapely hand, looks up and down the road with thoughtful grey eye, sighs softly, and goes her way, leaving loaf and napkin capping the gate-post. And there yon might have seen it at night-fall, and long after night-fall, if you had chanced that way ; for hadn't Timothy told the woman he didn't want it? And was he the man to demean himself by removing it after that ? And your speculating on the singular 8 bornness of the human heart would not have-been lessened bad you caught sight of him, by the flickering candle in his upper window, sitting there motionless, with an eye on the gate below. Perhaps he expected Rebecca back after her gift. I do not know. "She's one of the town poor, is old Betsey," said Rebecca, meekly, and said it meekly year after year, striving to allure the vagrant old woman into feeling at home on the charity list of the good towns-folk, and to rest her aching old bones in the town poor-house. But old Betsey was not to be trapped. If one'must be poor and ragged, at least let. one have plenty of freBh-air leisure, says old Betsey. To be a pauper and a drudge both is a little too much. And to be preached to and prayed over and hedged in right and left, and to scrub work- house floors and scour work-house knives, a'l for a bit of brfal — bah 1 t; at is nil unbearable, says old Betsey, shrugging her bony shoulders under her rncged shawl, and setting our wari'y on her everlasting tramp. She is .in incorrigible vas-raut, utterly irreclaimable Perhaps Rebecca thinks a half-fledged thought like this when she finds her prejr has escaped her and is fairly on the read again. On the road again, untamable, ragged, hnngry and free. She walks at a rapid, uneven pace, her thin shawl flattering in the wind, her untidy slippers flapping at her heels. It grows dusk as she steals along; the road is dreary with cloud and shadow, and with a mocking moon that gleams out now and then, dodging viciously after this grey old ghost of a woman flitting below. There is a white object there ahead of h6r — something tall and queer, with a round white head. The vagrant swerves a minute out of her way, surveying it furtively. Then she puts forth her claw-like hand and clutohes greedily Rebecca's sweet, dainty loaf. Aha ! what a good providence is here ! Ah ! can it be that fate should come, for once in a way, with sweetness and luxury in her hand for an old pauper, and night and darkness to devour it iu ! Bewildered with pleasure, old Betsey hugs, the dainty under her faded shawl. There is a crash then, as if the heavens were falling ; a shout that curdles her thievish blood ; a rough hand is laid upon her with vyce-like grasp. Law and justice seem to have come down bodily npon the marauder ; bat it is only old Ware, who has been watching from his window." His hand is raised to strike the thief — the thief with vagrant and vagabond written all over her; in her vulpine eyes, her Jong bine nose, her skinny, claw-like hand. The woman shrinks back, cowering against the gate post, with a . wheezy oongh ; the old shawl falls away from her face. Out comes the moon, and sails along with a sinister ray pointing right down on the shivering, cronching figure- and on the countenance that for one instant npturns toward the assailant. " My God !" cries Timothy. And that is all. His hand falls at his side, he tarns and walks back to the house, leaving the wretch to ber plunder. The wretch is a mere animal, after all — a hunted animal, it is true, with all the greed and cunning" of such. She makes her way somewhere with her prize— it doesn't much matter where. But there comes up a storm at midnight, a blinding, blood- chilling storm, that might make the veriest tramp tbankfnl for shelter. Old Ware, sitting motionless in. his upper chamber, hears the rafters shake overhead. He listens : perhaps he is afraid the old house will come down over his head. The wind raves and shrieks abont window and doorway. He gets up hy- and-bye, and lifting the dripping sash, looks out into the road. He sees nothing ; no boys will rob his melon patch to-night, and no beggar come whining to his gate. Afar off, where the road circles toward the south land, old'Betsey has crawled into the shelter of a wayside barn. No, there is nothing to be seen anywhere abont. Timothy shuts the window with a shudder, and crawls to bed. A week after this, Rebecca, sweet and tintless as a snow- drop, stops at the gate once more. " Old Betsey, my poor old vagrant, left us last night, neighbour," she says. " The blankets and pillows thee sent were a very great charity, but she needeth our charity no more.' " No more?" repeated old Ware, vacantly. " She died last night," answers Rebeoea, and her lip trembles a little. There is no reply. Rebecca doe3 not break the long, long pause. She is used to the old man's moods. Finally she sets her face to the road again ; it is gettiDg late. "Rebecca," says the old man, abruptly, placing his bony hand upon hers — " Rebecca, you— you needn't put her in Potters Field. She mightn't rest easy, you know." " I have no such superstitions, friend," said Rebecca, smiling sweetly. " It can make very little difference to her now where she rests, poor nameless wanderer." "She had a name once," says Timothy, standing erect, with a strange flush on his face. " A bright and beantifal woman onoe was my wife, Elizabeth Ware." A long and weary winter has passed ; a summer has brightened and faded ; the autumn twilight is settling softly on bloom and barrenness, as old Ware stands at his gate once more, looking down the road. In his hand is something wrapped in white, which he sets upon the gate post as a grey- clad, graceful figure comes walking up the road. " Rebecca," he says, " I return your napkin." " Nay," says Rebecca, recognising her own initials — "nay, friend, I have an abun dance — " " Open it," interrupts the old man, abruptly. The gentle Quakeress is used to humouring his moods, and as she unties the linen, a diamond ring rolls glittering ont upon its edge. There is a box of shining trinkets within, and a small gold watch. " They were all hers once, in the old times," says old Ware, huskily, " before she left me. You may keep 'em for her sake, an' ye will." He pauses ; there is no an swering movement from Rebecca. " Or," he adds, with irritation and sudden energy, "I'll just heave 'em overboard when I quit here for good and all. Yes, I'll quit here for good and all. I never bad no home nor no friends — she spoiled all that — and I may as well finish it out that a-way,'' Rebecca clears her throat. " It has long been borne in upon me, Friend Timothy," she says, in a high, constrained voice, as one who delivers a difficult message — "it has long been borne in upon my mind that thee is living too much alone. There is none to look after thee, or fix thee up a bit comfort able for the winter ; and I have had a clear leading from the Lord which I have suffered hitherto to be hidden in rny heart — it is that I should offer thee a home with me, Neighbour Timothy, if so he it seems good in thy sight." " A home !" said Timothy, looking up query ingly at his weather- beaten old man sion. " As how, Rsbecca ?" As how, Rebecca ? There was a group of small boys hidden just below the hedge, in the opening where the great apple-tree dropped its fruitage on either side the rails. Tom and Jim and Dick were there, bare legged, and sly as weasels. Of course the apples belonged to them on ihat side the fence ; but then night was the safest time for getting them. There was no withstand ing the logic of old Ware's dog by any argument of justice and fair play. The twilight had quite faded now, a pale moon shone in the heavens, and there at the gate stood Rebecca, with her hand in Timothy's. "Whist, fellows! whist! ye needn't to run," cries Tom. " She's goin' to have him for her ole man. Bully for herl Shc'H never set the dawg onto a feller." And with full pockets and beating hearts the youngsters file off past old Ware's very gate. Tom gives a loud whistle when the feat is achieved, and stands a moment Jooking back with an eye of approval. " I knew it all along back," says Tom, oracularly — " course I did ; didn't I see ole Tin Ware looking down that 'ere road time an' agin arter her? Why, she could sweeten a crab-apple, she could 1" And I think that she did, for the boys of the village had a grand dinner one day, at which Mr. Ware and his Quaker bride walked down among them, smiling right and lerc, and Tom and Dick ik<T el know ingly to each other and said, " 1 told you so." . '-rr-.-, ,«T 