OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your Entertainments." Victoria Theatre. Shakspere's ever- green comedy of ' ' Much Ado About Nothing " was well received by a crowded audience on Wednesday night. Mr. Creswick's Benedick is another distinct success. His appearance in the part, as a marvellous specimen of the art of " makmg-up is worth by itself a visit to the theatre. The veteran of the stage seems to have no difficulty in becoming the brisk gallant of thirty summers. His Benedick is not a callous, satirical, cold-blooded mortal, abstaining from the folly of falling in love from an innate dislike of women, but rather a man who despises the tender passion from the fact that his pursuits, and a half serious, half humorous resolution have prevented" him from feeling its effects. If space allowed it could be shown, without much difficulty, that this is the true interpretation of the character. At the same time it must be admitted that actors of some fame aud ability have made Benedick more of an in-born cynic, but there are few careful and intelligent students of Shakspere who can sympathise with such a view of the part. Mr. Creswick was loudly applauded throughout his perform ance. Miss Ashton is at present overweighted in the character of Beatrice. Messrs. Bartlett and Jones were good as Hon Pedro and Leonato respectively ; Miss Austin made a very satisfactory Hero ; Mr. Holt was as good as he ought to have been as Dogberry ; Mr, Tolano drivelled fairly through Verges ; the rest of the company were indifferent, and Professor Hughes' orchestra was bad. Theatre Royal. This (Friday) evening the popular author and actor, Mr. George Darrell, makes his final appearance in a farewell benefit tendered to him. The piece de resistance is to be Charles Reade's celebrated play, " Masks and Faces," in which Mrs. Darrell sustains the cha racter of Peg Woffington. " The Mysteries of the Stage " conclude the performance. The Queen's Theatre. The very popular comedy, " Our Boys," is having a most successful run at this theatre, and Mrs. Scott-Siddons, supported by a very excellent company, is attracting large houses. Mrs. Scott- Siddons is to be congratulated upon her finished and artistic performance. A matinee is announced for Saturday, at 2-30. School of Arts. At the Hall of this institute is an exhibition and sale of various works of art and ornamental designs in Florentine and Roman mosaics, Swiss carvings (of a highly finished and elaborate character), and a collection of porcelain paintings and photographs ; altogether, I the exhibition is well deserving a visit of inspection. I Rev. Charles Clark. The King of Lecturers pursues his triumphant career, people being frequently unable to obtain admission. But having arranged to make his re-appearance on Easter Monday in Melbourne, whither he will proceed overland, his last fpur nights in Sydney are announced. The farewell programme comprises two new and two old lectures, including three which many people consider Mr. Clark's best brew — " Charles Dickens," " Thackeray," and " Westminster Abbey." The " Merrie Monarch of the Good Old Times," which has been selected for the popular lecturer's last appearance, has not yet been given in Sydney. The public are much indebted to the manager, Mr. R. S. Smythe, for the very perfect arrangements of the auditorium during these lectures. The Guild Hall. Mr. D'Arcy Read's " Ghost " still walks at this Hall for the delec tation of the public. The illusion is very complete, and the enter tainment altogether is highly amusing. 