To the Editor of the Y. P. Adrertiner. Sin—Working some sixty miles from Moonta, I do not see your paper very often. I ncHd. ntally went into a tent and heard Mr. Rumcup's letter read. He puts himself u » to lie a mm of science. I should like to see him use it. Hi says that the miners do do not live sn lone as other men. This is dying by retail, bol he would like to see them dying by wholesale. He puts me in . ni » I of a n m tiling another to put his hand in a nand-vice, and when it is squeezed preUy flat the beholder can tell the man if he can fe*>Kt or not. It seems to me the miner should be another such fellow, and have all the sense of a m in *que< zed out of him, and be a laughing-stock foreveryone. I will give Mr. Uuincup to understand that I know a little about lithofracteur. The first time I and my mate used it we missed the bole. Wc w- nt up and ate our crib. Then we went down a/ain, and I pulled, out the fuse, bored out the hole, and blasted it again. After that we sent up the dirt from the bole and came up. I had a fit of vomiting and lay ou the floor half- lead for some time. When I came hom« my wife wanted to go for the doctor, as she thought I was dying. Can Mr. Rumrup make anyone believe that b1afitmg-i»..wder would do the like to anyone ? After that I went to the Callington mine, but to my sorrow there was hthofracteur u ed by wholesale I had to come home ted rJ ifirlew U eern5 A i iealeTt or gitri up the ghosT. I ft wSmjfite to hafe committed suicHe through thi«, I ask—What mining company would f<n>d mv wife and family ? Why, they wou'd say—"What matter about a few men dying through, litho. fracteu«* ? The great i nmi-/»ation c mpany of .South Australia will get a plenty of men, if they give £16 a hea 1 f-.r them, and we can get them for nothing." Tshould l ; ke for Mr. R to take a little b!a«ti!ig-po-.v!ier. wr. it, p it it on his forehead, and set Q:e to it, and see if it will give him a pain in the head. lean say it will not. B.it let him tiy lithofracteur. and he will snori hr:ve to go to bud with an awful pnin in the head. He would find that he would bit more crazy ih:m at. the present. Mr. Rumcup talks about <ns. Hi* gas doesn't «eem to give auy lig;jt, but id like a dark lantern. I am, Sir, &c.;, A MINES. 