St, Mary9 Cathedral, Tho 8ormon dolivoroil by His Lordship the .Bishop of Sandliursi on Sunday, on tho occasion of tho consecration of tho above church, which wo' wore compelled to hold ovor, wo publish ns ronortod : — Tlie Bishop of BLutlanp then do-; livored tlio usual address, choosing for his toxt tlio words of 19th and 20th verses of 28th chapter of St.' Mattlio'wV Gospol, "Go out and touch all nntions that, I am with you always, oven to tho ond of the .world," said ono of tho principal oflccts of the descont of tho Holy Ghost was most plainly soon in tho founding, and ostab- dishing of , the church of Jcsiis Cliriai. Tho church in its beginning scorned like a groin of mustard seed in sizo, and was confined in its limits during tho lifotimo of our blessed Lord ; Jjut after his death, nud his nsconsion into' Heaven, so groat was its progress' that its branched spread forth in ovory land, and throughout tlio wholo earth was its sower nnainfluenco folt.' Tho mighty tniths rovealed by Jesus Ohrist had ;bocn carried by tlio preaching of his servants, through tho agoncy of spirits, sinco that timo to tho utmost bounds of tho earth. At first tlio Apostles preached to tho Jows only, and such wes tho success of thoir 'mission, though smnll it appeared when' compared with tho results of thoir labour among tho Gontilos that ns was read in tho Acts of tho Apostles. St.' Peter sonvortod in two Bormons ovor . 8000 souls to tho faith of \- J osu8 Ohrist Thou under - tho divino guidance, they turned from tho Jewish nation and earned tho faitli to tlio Gontilo world. Thoro tho church to which thoy bolongod took root, gained strength, and was established among tho nations of tho onrth, and this was dono ' through tho obedionco paid by his fol lowers 'to tlioso words of thoir Master. " Go yo among tlio nntions of tho onrth and teach all mon, and lo I am with yon atway, ovon to tho ond of tho world." In those great words wo behold tho commis sion ontrnstod hv tltn Altnirdif.v fn flm apostles and tlieir successors to iUumino tho world, which tlion lay in darkness, with tho light of thu Gospel, and proclaim the groat truth rovcalod by God to man. Would the apostles have fulfillod tlie com mission given thorn— would thoy liavo preached with suoh zeal and such assi duity in opposition to tho powers of earth and hell, in doliance of pcrsocution and of death itself, tlio gospel tlioy had rccoived for men, would they havo carried tho faith of Christ, which gave salvation to a perishing world, had tlioy disboliovcd tlioso words of our Lord said when address ing the chief of His disciples — " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church, and tho gates of holl shall not prevail against it" — and had thoy.bo- lioved they wero the mombors of a falliblo Church ? Tho answer that suoh a ques tion would rocoivo would bo that tho com mission our Lord gavo to His disciples was not ono that was givon to a falliblo but. to an .infallible church— tho Church founded on a rock so strong aiid so sccuro as to defy, the attacks of timo and tho drobd powers of holl. Tho commission bequeathed to an infallible church still existed. It ceased not witli tlio death of the first apostles of tlie religion. For what tho mcssongors of our Saviour could not do in thoir lifo time wrs takon up by thoir successors, and now in like manner descondcd to thorn, and by thoni it should bo borne, to tho hands of tlio noxt generation, so that the words of tlio text Bhould not lose tlieir force, but bo as applicable now. as in tho days of tlio early apostolic times. Whilst performing duties horo, whilst propagating tho faith of Ohrist, tho doctrino of tho church, wo could not assert that sho ovor did, or that sho could proclaim any doc trino, ordofmo any dogma, ordecidoon any rule of faith but what was rovealed by God. Sho is tho tribunal, tlio judgment place appointed by God to teach and ox- plain authoritatively the truth, of salva tion, and to her these words aro said as woro said to tho ' disciples, "Go yo and teach all nations1, and lo I am with you always even to tho ond." This doctrino enunciated in those words is so clear, so intelligible to tho humblest capacity that we must either admit or ropudiato it with our blessed Lord. There wero no denomi nations of Christians bcliovingm Jesus Ohrist who received theso words, this declaiatioii of Ohrist ns true, who could deny tho infallibility of his church in teaching. .If thoy doubtod thoy .voro the same as those of whom , tho Saviour said, "If thoy liavo despised you they havo despisod me, and him that sont mo. "From this consideration it was imperative on all to obey and respect tho supromo authority of tlio ' church, and to sub mit to"1' o its docision ns mfalHblo' in explanation of doubtful points, ' and in every way to contribute to tlio promulga tion of its doctrino and to its glory. Not| only to teach was the . mission of tho Church, but to decido on points of doc trinal fnith; and it had for its encourage ment, ho would Bjiy for its powor, for its authority to cWJthis tlie words of Christ, " Lo, I am with you alway." Did Ohrist promise his presouco to a falliblo Church? No, it was to nninfallible ono, founded oh tliat rock against which the powors of tho world and darkness would bent iu vain. Her infallibility wosboliovcdin by thoso who ad mit Christ as tho Head of Ins Church/ami beliovo His words whon Ho endowed her , with .tlio -high privileges she onjoved. : But wliat was tho meaning of tho term Church ? It meant tlie great congregation of Christians scattered throughout the' world, ami' those, whatever may be their language, whatever tlieir govonimont, tlieir maimers unci oven thoir opinions hold tho same faith, received the sumo doctrine, and wero lien's to the same sal vation. Tlie OJmfch founded and estab lished by tlio blessed God was tho same to-day as it was in' th# apostolic times. Wo confess how .the same faith, hold tho same doctrines, as those entrusts ;by God to tho first pionooih of tho faith, the first members of the C)iristfiiu religion;, And through all the vioissitudes of timo tho samo glorious infalliblo churohbad lieou by the Almighty God presorved, amid the. declino of nations; the fall of' mighty Quipircs,the decay of systomsof religion and Government, pure and spotless as undofilocl. as whon it was first handed by tho great Si. Poter to bis successor. In every ago , sho has mot with opposition, but sho has over proved, hovsett. a match fur her foes. Governors and mighty r monarchs havo conspired against her. the great WIP3 of the earth havo plotted against her, hp t what has been, thoir fate ? They have signally failed, they have perished, and thoir name has passed away, but sho stood, tho unhurt, undivided, tlio ono tnip piut living church. Though hoi' servants have been slaughtered and a ' long roll .of martyrs cansliow), though lioybjshops and; priests have booh imprisoned,-1' and luu supporters boon subjected, to cruel perse cutions, ovcil though many of her pontiffs havo boon oxiled, oyer put to dentil, still intact, her faith remains, and stronger than wo remain rooted the .principles and Dogmas she assorts. Tlioso tilings are not only things of the past, for in - this day lior servants have beoii subject to mocking and injury/ Tho prescnt-'pouliflV, whoso roign lias bocn a most benign and a nibst illustvous one, lies been tho victim .of porsocntion. If liin pnnrificiito hns .linnn remarkable for its contests with, and its \- Victories ovor the powers of darkness, it has boonromarkablo for troublos that havo mado many fall victims for a timo to tho machinations and dosigns of wicked men. Tlio prcsont lias boon, banished from liis tlirono, and many would romonibcr how tho enemies of Ohrist and liis cause re joiced ovor tlio bvont, nnd predicted tho downfall of tho church... But these- pre dictions liad been ' falsified; tho joy .was of short duration; and in tlio most of mis fortunes what hod tlio position of tho church, and how hud it been affected ? Ho would say, and ho '"would say. boldly that never sinco tho' birth of Christianity, has sho displayed; ,'sucli' vitality, such strength. < 1 This may scorn an assertion, 'but recont facts provo its-truth. Tho last gathering of many prelates, whon was aflirmod tlio doctrino of infallibility, formed a great epoch in tlio affairs of ; tho Ohurch. Passing ovor tho othor ovonts in -this pontificate, this shed over it a halo of gloty, and rondorod it alono worthy of commomoration. Novor from tho Council of Nicca, hold in tho 4th contury, to tho last great ono of Trent, 'hold in tho lGth con tury, was thoro suoh universality of repre sentation displayod, such strongth, such sign of vigour exhibited in thu Church as at that mooting when tho ropresoiitativo Bishops from, all parts of tlio globo, tho. delegates of a divers nations,, sat and deliberated under the lofty domo of St. Peter's. Tho Bishop thou compared tho number of; prolatcs at previous councils with that attending this ceoumoni- isal gathoring, and drow from tho superi ority of numbors wealth and station of tho mombors, who composed it, tho de duction, that tho Ohurch: was, in a pros perous and liighly flourishing state. . This grand assemblago, tills wondorfiil. unani mity of thought and fooling, was . a con vincing proof of tho infallibilty of tho Ohurch. Thoro was novor a more im posing, nor a more instructive spcctaclu than tlus conforenco prcsonted, of a wholo body of a clergy submitting to ono Bishop, ami moving as ono man in obedionco to his command. Tho question ihiclit arisu and it fruniiQnt.lv did, why do you believe in tho Trinity and tho mysteries of the Incarnation ? You would say, because God has rovealed them to tho church ? And how did you know Hohas rovoalod thoni ? Because tho ohurch has taught yon, so you would I'oplv. Tho quostiou of its infallibility might bo answorod in tlio samo manner, but ho would rofor thorn to tho woi-cIb of St. Augustino, who says " I would not beliovo ui tho Gospel of Clirist Jesus, only I was drawn to it by the authority of the Church, So whatever may bo dono at tho Vatican, whatever tho Ohurch may onact, His notour business to inquire," but to recoivo her infallible decision, and believe that they will bo promulgated to all lands buforo tho coming of tho latter diws. It was our duty to givo thanks to God for the mercies wo enjoy, for being partici pators in the bonofits of tho church, for alio was a fond and affectionate motlior. Whon Bcarcely born sho washed us with the holy water of baptism, and in aftot lifo sho strengthened us by tho adminis tration of othor sacraments, and when our last hour had come was thoro to proparo us for our eternal rest. Innumerable as woro tho advantages enjoyod by Christians it was not enough to bo called childron of tho church totako part in hor ceremonies, and rocoivo hor dogmas with implicit obedionco to sccuro salvation ; but in order to bo savod our lives must corres pond with our (outward profession— our profession must be security for our lives or olso though being called children of tho church wo cannot ontor into tho benefits of redemption. It was not onough for any professing Christian to say "I am a child of tho church," but ho must abide by libr commands, practico her procopts, boar in mind the words sho addresses to him. If ho refused to respect lier authority ho lmivod that of Christ, and if ho rcceivod not hor commands byaliko infcroiico ho rofuscd tlioso of .Tcsus Christ. Such then being tho case, ho would exhort thoni to be always ready to hear her words as! coming from hor great founder, and abide by. hor commands, for tlioroby otornal lifo will bo gained. Furthermore, ho would entreat thorn to oboy tlio words of tlio pasters as thoy would oboy tho voico of, God, sinco thoy woro put over them to diroct and guido them to tho way of otomul lifo. In theso words he would specially romind them of their duty to thoir Bishop, for tlioy had many reasons for paying obodi- enco to his authority. TJioy ought to thank God for tho blossings thoy enjoyed through his administration, and for tho many churches and schools that had been rcarod during his prolacy. There woro many souls onjoying paradiso who would not havo been saved had it not boon through tho watchful caro and solicitude for tho safety of tho ilock displayed by this prolate. Among tho many good works that had boon achieved throngli his ngoncy, tlio building of churches and schools was "tho least; buj; tho-fuot of 15 new churches having boon roared and do- voted to tlio Borvico of .God during the prolnoy of this vonerablo Bishopfwos a me morial tliat redounded to his fame, and to that of. tho Clntroli to which ho belonged. Tho preachor thou mado an appeal to those .prcsont for . contributions in aid of the building fund of tlio church, and in conclusion said tlioy had been assisted iu this groat work by a strange coincidence, tho highest representative of tho temporal and spiritual powor. being presout at this ceremony, which lie hopod would bo now concluded by liis auditors contributing generously tlieir mite to thu general fund, : and working co-oporutively and assiduously in the future to defray whatever expense may bp incurred in ro-building tho Cathe dral Church. ' Subscriptions woro then reeoivod, and with such succoss was the appeal of His Lordship attondod that oyer £230 was laid on tlie foundation stone before the largo assomblngo dispersed. His Lord ship the Bishop of Hobart Town headed the' donation list with £2o, and his p,\"Uinplu was followed by their Lordships the of Sandhurst ami Maitland, wliilo tlio qihor clergy mid laymen contri buted out of tlioir necessities their quota to tlio general fund, Tho singing of " God bless tho Popo" by tho juvenilo attendants at tho ceromony brought tho proceedings to iv close at 5,40. ; 