[?] MACLEOD W DARE.* By WILLIAM BLACK,. Author pf 'TnE'ExiiN'OES3..bF Thule,'.&c.; CnAPTKR XXXIV.— TiiK'TTMnnB. : Next morning, with all this wonderful world iof sea and islands shining in the earJy sunlight, !Mr. Whito and hia daughter were down by the shore,- walking along-tfae -white sands, and chatting ?idly as they .went. -Fxom timo^to time they looked iacross the fair summer seas to tho distant cliffs ,of Bpurg,; and- each-time they looked 'a certain rrchitospecksuemed .coining nearer, ijOhatwas tho ^Umpire ; andKeith Mableod was on board of her. iHe had dtarteuatan unknown hour of ;the ai»ht ,to bring ihe yacht over from 'her anchorage. Ho, .would not havo his boautif al Fipnajhal, who'had': come. as a strarjger to.ihese far ianda, go. back to, ?i)aro in aconimon open'boat with- stones for bal' last; . i -' This is the loneliest place I have ever seen,' Mian Gertrude White was saying on thi3 the third morning after her, arrival. ' It seems scarcely in tho world at.all. Tho soa cuts you olffrom everything you know; it would have been no* thing if vreliad como by rail.' iThoy walkeil on in silence, tho blue waves be 'Published by special arrangemeut wish tho author. All rights rcnorved, \ . eiao'them, cuYling a : crjap -white; on' the Bmbcih : BanaB^. ''...? '- ? : '?' : ' ]'' ??''? . ??![ . ?;',' 'f.Tfl'ppf,' saidshe all6ri(jth,l'r,Bnriposd'i£.ilive^ [ hero -for ais months, no onQ.in'.Engkmd , -would - *e- . member -.anything i about vrne? (If J.-woro moa iibned at; alljtheyvwoulu* think L;was:.dead. ,!Pet- : haps^omodayLmight'meetiomefonojfroTQ Eog land jland%i »wduld Jiave.Jto-:say, ''Bbtffc jyouv knDwwho ^rnm??' 'Bid 'you ?nevor%ear'i6'f',«no : called Gertrude White ? I was ?'T'{JerttDMo- jWhito.'' /;? ? ? ' 'N-ydo«bV'fiaidJier;fatb,eT,^autioHa!y.' J 'And when Mri'LomuBfa'portrait of meap« poaTairi the A'Cadomy pedpl6vwou|d '-be: saying, ?Who'isthat? 'MissQer1;iude'1-WhU8tasSJ'»lliSWi 'A4i/.theroiwaaan actrosa-'of'tbat namo.( IQr^as ? Blie anmmateuT ? i She anarrtedcBOTnebody'.in -'tua ; ?HighlanUs. -'Lsuppo3o:BhB;is''deauVnow'TT' ...' . M ,','It.«is]one of the most -.gratifyiBg'inatancoSj'; Gprfcy, of^thoposition^pu-hava raadQ/'her father . observed,- in his.slow.and.sentontioaa .way, *f,fcbafc j Mr. Lsmuol.shottld ljo-wiUiuff,r after bavpg..re« fused. to [exhibit \at tho Acadomy 'for, so irianj^ ?years, to make an exception id the,caao df youc^ portrait;' ? .' , ; ' ' ; ' J ' 'iWel|,-I hopeimy.face will not get- huraediby . the sea«air,and the suni'ahe said. '.Yoa.know' -ho -wants-two or ithree -more '.sittings,, .^nd do: you know,pappy,:I- have aomotimes thought fo£ asking -you to-toll mff.honcstly-— not to ? dncourago me with flattery, -you know— whether- my.tfacoha9 really that high-strung- pitch of exprasslon ;wueu- I am ?about -to drink ltho poison in the xell.: Do I really look like Mr. 'Lemuel's ,portrait o£ me'.?'- . , ' ;'.' '-, ' : ]' It 4syour very self,- Qerty,' her father. said, -with decision, ' But tbon.Mr. ,-Lsrauel is a man - ofjgonius, Who.but himsolf could have caught' the very soul of your acting aud\fixetl itoa 'canvas ?' ? - ' . ? ' ? : 5She hesitated for a momcnt,and tlien'fctiere w*b aBush of genuine -enthusiastic .pride .mantling 'oil' herforfihead'as she'saidfrarfkiy — , ' ':'. 'Well, then I whh I could-Reo myself .1'. ; 'Mr. White said nothing. Ho had wiitohea' tb'ia, daughter of 'hia, through the long, winter' months.- . Occasionally, when heheard her -utter ? santimaats such as.-these— and when ho jsaw fhor' koenly!sonsitive;to the flattery bestowed upon horf by the people assembled at Mr. Iiemuel's little gatherings, ho had asked himself -whether it was possible she could ever ?marry 'Sir Eaith; ?MacloooV. But hi3 was too wise' to -risk ro-aw'akohiug hor; rebellious ' fits by any enoouragement. r'In any', case, ho had some experionceof this young lady.'; and 'what was tho -uso of combating, ono of her' moods at nv.e ^o'clock, jwhen at six o'clock eho wfluhl he arguing. in the contrary diroetion/antt: at.seven convinced .that the via mediaovtaa ribs, atraiglit road? .Moreover, if tho -worst camo to the worst, there woulfl be -aomo compensation in1 the 'fact of 'Miss White changing' her /namo cfor'. ihat of Lady Madeod. ''';'', ?' '? .'Jast as quiokly.she chaDged Ibor' mood off 'lho\ present oocaaioh. .She ^a's looking again ioc-oyw. the darkly-blue and /.ruffled, .seas io wards ttho, ?white-sailed yacht. : ; \\-,_t- r,\r.-!, -.,.?,.'? 'Hemusfc have gone away in, the 4ark-tovgefct *? ithat boat -for xa'' oaid she, -.musingly. 'i£api- if allow; how very generous 'And kind lie is! .Some-. ?tmiea-^sball I make tho confession, pappy?— t wish ? he Tiad ? .picked out someone who 'cpulil- 'better'have rofcumedhis/warmih of ^feeling.''' ; 'Sho called it a confession ; ;but it was a qiioa-; tion. And her father answered more bluntly ;than,Bhe.had:(iuito expected. ''?',.? 'Lam not much of an authority -on such ppintB,' .said ;he .with. a dry smile.. ' But f ahould have said, (Jerty, that you :have n6t :been quite so effusive towatda -Sir Keith Macleod ae some young ladies would .have been on -meeting their sweetheart after a long absence.' ^'. ' Iho pale face flashed, . and she answered hastily-r- ' '^ ' .''?'. ; 'But you know, papa, when you ate khocbdd' about from one boat to another, and -expecting - to be ill one' minnto, and . drowuad ithe next, yoa don't have your temper improved, ihave you?? And then perhaps you have beon Bxpedting a Httle too mudh romance — and you find youc Highland chieftain handing down loav.es,- with all the peprilein the steamor staring at him. But! ?really mean to make it up to him, papa, jf I couli only get settled down for ;a day or two and'get into riay own ways. .Oh, dear.me t— -t^bis sub— J itiis too awfully dreadful, .' When-I appear before Mr. Lamuel. again,!; shalltbe:a .mulatto'?' : ;; ;? -iflcudus they walked along tho ; ahittipg;aand8, with the waves'3 monotonously breaking :ttio wTiUe-saile'd yacht camo' nearer and more'near;;' and indeed the old Umpire, broad-boamed and ?hoavy'as sho'was, looked ;quite.sta.tdly and awaai 'like as Bhe. came, over the -blue water. And they, saw the gig lowered,; and the /four oars'. kooping' rhythmical time,; and presently; ,-they,.. could mako ,out the browned and; glad face ; of Macleod. : ':Why did you :take -so much (trouble;?' .said shoto him— and-she toot bis hand in a- very, kind wayasho stepped on shore. ' We/coulfl ryqry ?well have gone back iu the boat.' ; -': f ? 'Oh, but I want to take .you round by Loch; Tua,' said he, looking with great gratitude into thoso friendly eyes, '-An& it was.no trouble .at all. And will you step into thegig n,ow?', ' .He -took her hand and .guided 'her /along the rocks until sheToached'the.boat:,'-and'he .assisted her father too. Thon they pushed 'off ; - and ib ;waswith a good -awing 'the mon sent 'the'bodt ithrough the 'lapping -waves. : And ,hoi;o vwaa ' iHamish standing' by tho'gangway to receive them; ^ land.ho was, gravely r^pecttul to Ithp atranger 'lady aa he assisted her to get-up. - the small wooden stops, ; but.thore was no light o£ wolcomo iiathe keen. grey oyos, He quickly - turned ia way from her to give bia orders ;ifor .Hannah ..was- on ;tbia occasion skipper, and had Idonned -a amatt suit of blue -with brass buttons. -\Perlraps 'ha woUld have been , prouder of his ; bnttons, 'arid of 'himself, and of tho yacht he' had sailed for ho ?many years, if it bad .been any other, than Gertrude ,Whito ,who r had now stepped - ou boavd., . . : . But on thaother.Miss White wa3 quite charmod with this.shapely vessel and, all its contents. If tho frugal ways and commonplace dutios and con., versaiion of Castle Daro had somowbat dieap pointcd her, and bad seemed to her not quita in accordanco with the heroic traditiona of tho clans, here, at least, was something which sho could recogniso as befitting Jier notion of tho namo and position of Sir. Koith, Macleod, Suroly it niu3t bo with a cortain masterful sense of posHOB eion-tfiiitF^^^ indepondonb'otdUHhatworldCljfcwaeB, witQ those; ' Binewy^Bun'brownedj'handHonurfoUowBTeady to' go any whoro with him, at'liis'bidding'?' ? Itfia farno; that Macleod, in--'Bhbwiiig . her' over the yacht, ? seemed to know far too much, about tinned i moata ;; andhoi exhibited' with ;somo pride a can ' Brag d'evjeefor tb.9 stowage , of fsoda^watar j.arid; ho oven wont, the length of: explaining to .hep the1 ca^clllie3ortho-lin9h-che3tvj butihenshe could iiotfaiLtoseo that inliiB.eagernosa tb.i'nterest and amuse her,;he was1' aa; garrulous 'as ? a; schoolboy; shjotirpig (io Jiia.companida anew toy. :Mis3. White eat down; in tho saloon ;; and: Alacleo-Ji- who ihad' ]ttat' Httlb.'e^eriencb: in attending on ladies; and* knew/plbubone thing that it was proper.toi re-; jpommendjjraidj'— ?? !'' '? : ; ; ,. ' ?''AiiuF will you have a cup' of tea now,; -Qerlrudff?' ~ Johriny' will-got it* to you in a jrioiftent.' ?';,' ';[.. ' ''' , , ', ' . ; 'tNoj'thank you,' -said Bho with aiamile; for .She Knew not how often. ho hadroffered'her a' cup; of tea since her arrival in. the Highlands. ' But ? do you knowj Keith', youryachfi; has ' a-terrible ' bachelor' look about it?. AU'the. comforts. of it are in this saloon and iq those two* nice1 little 4 jJtate-rpDma. . Yoflr lady's cabin Idoksvery empty; j it is tooelogantand fine, as if you were afraid- to 'leave a'book-or a matchbox- in- it'' Now' if you ! Wore to turn this into a ladyte yacht),, you would 'havo=to removo that pipe-rack^and the guns and 'Irifle3 and:bag9.!' .; ' Oh,' eaid he anxiously, 'I hope yottdo nob ?Bta611d.ny tobacco?1'' . ?. 'Not at all,' said she, , ' It was only a fancy. Of course you are; not: likely to iura your yacht .into alady/s yacht.' ? i ,? He Btartod-and looked ? at her. Bat. she had spoken quito' thoughtlessly/ and had now tamed to her father. Whon they went on ' deck again they found! that the Umpire, beating up in- theiaceof :a light' northerly breeze, had run out for a loDg tack: 'almost to tho Dutchman's Gap ; and from a cer tain distanca they could seethe grim shorea.of this desolate island, with its faint tingo of green , grass over . the brown of its plateau of rock. And! then Hamish called ? out, ' '? Eeady, about !' and. presently they: were slowly leaving, behind that ? lonely, Dutchman and making away for the' di3- 1 tant- entranco to Loch- Tua. The: breeze1 was slight | they made but little way.;, far on the blue v waters- tboy.' watched the white 'galls sitting 'buoyant ;,and the sun was hot on their hands. -Whatdid they talk about in- this summer idlo ' ness? Many a time ho had dreamed of his thus sailing over the clear seas with the fair' Fionaghal fromtho south, until at times his heart, grown Jaick with yearning, was roady to despair of tho finpossibloi And yet bore she was sitting on ,a ' ' deckistool' near him— tho wido-apart^ long ? lashed eyca. occasionally regarding him— a ne glected'book open on her lap— the small* gloved . Lands toying, with the cover,. Yet there was no 1 word of love spoken. There was only a friendly conversation, and the idle passing of a summer . day. Itv/aa something to know that her breath ing waa near him. ' . . Then tho breeza died away altogether, and- they ^crfrleft altogether motioQlessonJtheglassy blue sea. Tho great sails hung limp,- without a single ? flap or quiver in them ; the red -ensign clung to '.the jigger-mast ; HamisJi, though ho stood by the ?tiller, did not oven put his hand on that bold and 'notable representation in wood of the soa serpent, . ? 'Como.now, Hamisbi' Macleod said, fear. ing this, monotonous iaionesa would weary hia fair guest, ' you willtell us now one of the- old Btories that you used to tell me when I was a boy.' Hamish had indeed told the young Macleod : many a- mysterious tale of magic and adventure, bat ho was not disposed to repeat any one of these in broken English in order to please this lady from, tho south. ? 'It'isno more of the stories I hef now, Sir Eeitb,' said ho* ' It was a longtime since I had tho stories.' '*? Oh, Tcould' construct' onb myself,' said Mibb White lightly; ' Don't I know ' how they all begin? 'Thero was once a king in Erin, andhe hadva' soir; andthiason it~was who would tako -.the .world for. his pillow, But before he sot out on his travels, ho took counsel of the falcon, and tho hoodie/and* the ottar. And the falcon said' to Lim, goto the right ,* and the hoodie said to him, you will be wise now ifyou go to the- left; but the otter said to' him, now take my adJ ' vice/'icc, 'Sic.' ..'You1 have been a diligent student,' Mac. leod Baidi laughing heartily. ' And indeed you might go on with ithe story and finish it ; ? for who knows now when we uhallget back to Dare?' It.was after a long teriod of thus lying in dead -salin— with the occasional appearance of a diver on- the surface of the shining blue sea— that Maoleod-'s sharply observant eye was attracted by an odd thing that appeared far away at the horizon. 41 What do you think is that now?' said he with a smile. They- looked steadfastly, and saw only a thin lino of Bilver light, almost like the back of a knife, in4he distant dark blue. 'The track of a seal swimming under water,' Sir. White suggested, ' Or a.' shoal of fish,' his daughter said. 'Watch!' The sharp lino of light slowly spread ; a trem bling; silver-grey took the place of the dark: bluo ; it looked ae if invisible fingers were rushing out ? and- over the glassy surface Then thoy felt a cool freshness in the hot air ; tho red ensign swayed. a bit; then- the great mainsail flapped idly. ; and finally tho breeze came gently blowing over the sea, and on again they went through the now rippling water. And as the slow time passed, in the glare of tho sunlight, Staffa lay on i tho still water a denso mass of shadow ; and they ' ?went: by. Lunga ; and they drew near to tho point of Gometra, where the black skarts were . Bitting on'tha exposed rocks; It was liko a dream of sunlight, and fair colors and summer quiet. ,'? I'cannot believo,' said she to him, ' that all Ihoso fierco. murders and ' revenges took place in such beautiful scenes as these. How could -tKey/?' . . ? , , .And'tbon, in tho broad and Blill watera , of \- iIiQch-Tua, with tliolonoly rooks of Ulva close by v ?-???' ?tuemr tn^wefeTftga^';b^ waa decided^ifl'at ! they* shouldt-:lesTo£tho yacht i there-at-certairt- moorings-j- and- should- get into i the gig and be palled thro'ugB-tho shallow chan- ? nol between Ulvaancl Mull that connects Loch-; Tua with Lqch-na-K^al. Macleod had been* gr?atly-i faVored by theVday i chosen afr hap'hazard; for this water. promenade'; :at the end of it ho waa: ghiddenqd to hear 'Mtas- \Vhita4 say that she had1 'never eoen anythingso' lovely on the' face of' tho; .eartbi- ?- ? . u- i.-.;.-.' -? ? -? '- '? :- ^. And yet it waamerclyA question' of wbath'er. To-morrow they' might- come l)ack* and find the! ? water- a- ruffldd leadonHjolor ; the waves Trashing' over the' rocks Y Ben-More invisible behind! ?driving.clouds. But now, as thoBajthree satin: the stern of the gigi and; were gently pulled along; by the sweep of -the cars; it' Eeemed to on9 at least of them that Bhe' must' have got into fairy-: '.land. ,. The rooky. Bhorea of Ulva lay on one side of thia broad1 and winding channol; the flatleri shores of Moiroa the other ; and between lay.; a ^perfect mirror of water in:; which everything was rsoaccurately reflected that it waa kquito impos sible to define the line at which the water and the land met; In fact so ; vivid was. thoroflection oE 'the blue and white sky on* the sarfttco.of tho ?water that'it appeared to her as if tho boat was ^suspended in mid-air : a sky belowj; a sky above. And then tho beauty of tho landscapo' that on-, 'closed this' wonderful' mirror— tho soffr green ?foliage above the.Ulva rocks ; the brilliant yellow brown of tho sea-weed, with- here and'therea grey heron slaadingsolitary and Bilcnt.as.ft ghost over tho pools ;. ahead of- them, towering abagtf this flat-and shining- and' beautiful -landscapo, tR awful majesty of tbb mountains Ground Loch-na-: Keal— tho monarch- of thorn, Ben'Moro, Bhowing .acono ? of dark and: thunderous' purplo undor a Jong.and heavy swathe of owud. Faraway, . too,; on their right, slretchod the splendid rampart of the Gribun cliffs,, a soft sunlight on the grassy , greens of-. their . summits ; a pale- and brilliant blue in the shadows of the ? huge and yawning 'caves, And sb still it was, and the. air bo ?fino- and sweet : it was a'-day- for tho idling of ^happy, lovers, ' What jarred, then? Not the silent- ap -poaranco of- the head of a seal' in that' shining iplaia of blue and white;,- for tho io r old .fellow only regarded' tho boat for a socoad or two with1 his ' large and pathotic eyes, and' then quietly disappeared. Perhaps it waB this— that Miss White was leaning over tho side of tho. boat,', and ad miring, vory. much the wonderful, hues of groups of seaward below, that wero all distinctly visible in tho marvellously clear water. There were beautiful green plants that spread their flat fingers on Iho silver- white sands; ' and huge rolls of purple and sombre brown ; and long strings that cama up.- to the Burface— tho traceries and decorations of these haunts of tho mermaid. ' It is like a pantomime,' she said, 'You: would expect to see- a burBt .of limelight and Neptune appearing with a'teilver trident and crown. Well, it only, showa that the scene- painters, aro nearer nature than- most-people imagine. I should never havo. thought thove was any thing so beau tifulin the sea.' s .-'.-. ' : And- then- agaitt' she Baidi when, they had pounded Ulva,.and got a glimpse of the open At lantic again, ' Where ia it, Keith, you proposed to sink all ,the theatres in England, for the benefit of the dolphins and tho lobsters Y' Ho did not like .these, references to tho the atre. ' It was only a picco of nonsonso,' said ho, ? abruptly; , But then sho beggedhim eo prottily to get tho men to sing the boat-song that he gobd-humoredly ..took out a sheet of paporand'a pencil And' said \- to her — ? , 'If I write it down for you, I must ' write it as it is pronounced. For. how- would you- know that F, hir a hliatw, ncthoro die is pronounced Feer-avahta na hora ailya}' \- ' And perhaps, then^' said she with a1 charm, ing smile, 'writing ib down. would spoil it alto* gether? But you will- .-ask thtjm tOBing it. for 'ine.' ' . ,^ . . :' , ? He said a word or two in the Gaelio to: Sandy, .who was rowing stroke ; and: Sandy answered with a ahort,' quick- laugh of 'assent. '1 have asked themif they would- drink your health,' iTacleod said; ' and they have not ' re« fused. ' It would be a great compliment to them if you would fill out tho whisky, yourself ; here ia my flask.' She took that formidable vesjol Jin her - small hands; and tho men' rested on their oars; and then tho metal cup wa3 passed along. Whether it was the dram, or whether it was -the old'fami liar chorus thoy struck up— Fhir a Ihafa (na hbvo die) FJdr abhatafna horo die) ..' , Fhir a Ihata (na Iwro- die) Cheadsoweslannleidgetholh attiddu, 'Certain it is that the boat swung forward- with a new strength, and ere long, they beheld in- the distance tho walls of Castle Dare, And hero was Janet at the small quay,Y greatly distressed be cause of the discomfort to which MisB White must La/o been subjected, ' But I have just been telling Sir Keith, ' Bho Baid with a sweet smilo- 'that I havo comb through the most beautiful place I have overseen -in the world.' This was not, however, what' she waa; Bay ing to hbraelf when she rcabhei' the- privacy, of her own room, Hor thdnghts took1 a different ,turn. . . . ♦' And if it does seem impossible'— this was her inward speeoh to herself—' that those- wild mur ders should have been committed in so boautiful a place, at least there will boa fair chance of one occurring when I tell him that I have signed an engagement that will last till Christmas. Eat what good could come of being in a hurry 5' Ci/AriER X2S V. —A Cave' ih Moll. Of lovo not a singlo word had so far been said betweon theso two. It was a high genso of courtoBy that on his part had driven him to oxer, ciso this severe celE-reatrainf; ho would not in vite her to be hi9gU03t, and then tako advantago of the various opportunities afforded to plague hoc ?with the. vehemence and passionato .yearning of his heart. For during all those long winter months ho had gradually Teamed, from tho corroa poadonco which, he. so carof ally studied, that ob'o i&lh;'et'fflalikcd:prot8Stati^ that he'tho'tt'ght dter letlcra to him Were: somewhat cola-,;afib 6nJS'.'aiis,Tr-rga;^t^;.- i^lay'f ul l!huft^; and- whoa ho; tried' to prosj-her1 to some -declara- tion about her'leayitigjthS'stago or abovit'thb tinJoj of their marriago, , she ovadod'tuo point with, auj extreme cleteiJncs8; which^wos' so, good-Eaturedj and'frlQ&dly;,,th'at'ho could' Ecarcely. complain.! pccasiorially''thore wbroroferenccs in these letters that awakened in hiabrOast a' tumult of. jealous! suspicions'andfeara; bub then again ho consoled himself by ldoking^fprwanl totho time 'whenihej should ba /released ^f tons all -those len.vironincnta that-ho hated- and'drcaded. He-would: have no more fear when he pould tako.her hand and look! into hcreyds, ??-?'? ? . ? - - ' i And now that MissiGertrado Whito was actuJ ally inCaatle Dare— no w that ho could walk with. her along thelonbly mountain-slopes' and shew hbr ' tho-wondera of tho. western seas and tho- islands— what was'it that still ocooiioned the ?? vhgco un-j rest ? .' Hia ;ner vous ' anxiety . that -she should . bd pleasod with all sho saw ??- Or a certain -critical coldness | in her glance?'1 Or thb conscioushess that he was .onlyentor^aininga passing visitor ;— aheautiful bird: tlfat h'adaljghted on'hishand- and that the hextV?mea'! would . bo winning its 'flight' away 'into tho silvery south? j ? 'r'Y6u'aro becoming a' capital saUbr/' he sixid to her ono day, with a proud .light on his facw ' Yon haveno'fehr' at allof- thesoa now.' Ho and sho and*- the cousin Janet -Mr. Whilo had'some letters to answer, and had stayed at homo— we're in the stern of. tho gig,. and they ;wbre being rowed' along the i coast below the giant cliffs of1 Gribun. ' Certainly if Miss Whitb had cdnfessdd' to being, a' little nervous, she' might have been excused. It was a beautiful,; froshi breezy, summor-day'; but tho heavy Atlantic swell that slowly raised' and- lowered tho boat aa the hien'rdwed along, passed'gently andsmoothly1 on, and ' then wont . booming and roaring arid crashing over tho-flharp black' rocks that wore' .quite close at hand.. ' Ithink'I wouldisoon- get over my fear of tho; ,sea;' said- she, gently. . ' ? Indeed it was notthafcthab was moat likely, to impress her on this bright day— it was the awful loneliness and desolation of the ? scone around her. ' All; along the ^summit of the great iclifTa iay,noavy banks «f cloud that moved and wreathed-.themsclvds togothor,, with mysterious patches of darkness hero and/there that suggested iho entrance into far valleys in the unseen 'mountains Behind. And if the outof surface of these precipitous cliffs was brightened ? by sun lighti1 and if there1, was a sprinkling of grass on tho; ledges, .. every .few; minutes: they -. passed ? the yawning arch way of a hoge cavern, around which the sea was roaring with a m'uflled and th'underi ?ous noise; ? Ho thought she would bo interested in tho extraordinary, number and vavioty of Jtho sea-birda about — the solbmn cormorants sitting . on the/ lodgesi the -rock-pigeons- shooting ; out from the cavesi tho sea-pyota whirring along the rocks like lighlhing-flashes of color, tho lordly ospreyi with his great wings outstretched and motionlosa, sailing slowly, in :tho far blue. over- head. And no doubt she looked' at all- these !thingswith a forced interest ;, and she herself now- could name the distant islands out in1 tho tossing' Atlantio ; and sho had-in a groat measure got acoustomed to the amphibious life at Darei But as she listened to tho booming of the waves . around' thbso awful recesses;, and aa she Baw the jagged and angry rocks suddenly appear through tha liquid mass of the falling sea; and^as aho , looked abroad on the unknown distances .of that troubled ocean and thought ^of the life on those remote and lonoly. islands, the spirit of a BUmmor holiday forsook her altogether, and sho ..was silent, : \- ' And you will have no fear of thebeast when .you go -into Mackirinon's cave/' said Jane); Macleod 'to her, with a friendly smile, ' becauso no one has ever heard of it again. Do you know it was a Btrango thing ? They saw in ? the- sand the1 footprint of' an animal that is not known to ' any one- aboat hero ; even Koith himself did not know whatili was^ — ' ' ' ' ' ?; ' I think it waa a wild -cat,' said he^ ' And tho men they had nothing to d6 then; and they went all' about the cavoa, but' thoy couldiseo nothing of it. - And it has never como back again.' . ' ' And I suppose you are- not anxiouB for it coming back?' Mies White-said. ' Perhaps you will bo very lucky and seo it some ?day/and I know-that Keith would h'ke io shoot it whatever it is.' '?? ' That- ia 'Tory likely/' Miss White said, without any apparent sarcasm. . By-and-byo'thoy paused; opposite the1 entrance to ? a 'cave that J seemed even larger- and blacker than the others ; .and then Miss White discovered that they wero considering, at whafr point they could- most Easily- effect a landing. Already ' through the- singularly clear water 'she could mako-out vague;green masEcs i that told-of the' presence of hugo blocks of yollow rock far below them ; and ' as they ' cautiously went further towards the shore— a man at the bow calling out to them— these blocks of rock became clearer ,until it scorned aa'if thoso glassy billows that glided under the boat, and then went crashing in -white foam a few yards beyond, mustrinevitably^ transfix the frail craft on. one of these jagged points. But at length thoy managed ,tj run tho: bow of the gig into 'a sombwhat sheltered place, and . two of the men, jumping knee-dcop into the water, hauled the keol, still further over the grating shell-fish of the rock ; and then Macleod, scrambling out, assisted Miss Whito to land. 'Do you not come with us?' Miss Whito called back to tho boat. ' Oh, it ia many a time I havo been in tho cave,' said Janot Macleod ;. 'and I will havo the luncheon ready for you.' And you will not stay long in tho cavo, for it is cold aud damp.' Pert. — A Now-Hartfotd four-year-old desired to accompany her mother upon a ritlo, but was told if sub would fitayat home and not cry sho should have something nice. Upon tho mother's return tho child was rewarded with sovornl gum drops which were soon disposed of and more de manded', the demand loiog denied. After con sitlerablo teasing she mado nao of tho followiijfz: caustic remark : - ' Mamma, if you don't give me; another gnmdrop- I'&ball;'be - Borry I didn't cry when you wentcway.1'— Hartford Post. \ 