% terrible Ctmc. A New Zealikd Stoet. ! BY ROBERT P. WHITWOETH. j ? * ? We live this life, travelling over a! broader or narrower ledge, between two, vast abysses— the past and the future. Of, the past abyss we know something, what we are taujht, not of our own knowledge ? : ? . «f IX-ia fuftirA nhvfl3.' or experience , 'i *-'D .*.«—« --j--. . nothing. Is the present life the be all and the end all? Is it, as religion teaches us, a mere precursor, a stite of probation to another and a never endin? life? Or is it, as the ancients taught, one step in the never ending staircase of time, one rung in the ladder reaching to eternity ? Who knows? Let schoolmen argue as they may, they are .still no nearer the great truth. And yet, for tb» bo:t»r Comprehension of the somewhat mar vellous story I am abort to tell, it is neoessary to raise the question. Was it a dream ? Neither at the time when the incidents I shall relate took place, nor now, do I. know. I never could remember dreaming such a dream. I Or was it one of those dim perceptions of a paBt state of being which sometimes, rarely though, occur to us, when we sea a place for the first time, ond yet which ..5_= =fr..,.r,olir familiar when we perform an act which recalls a mysterious and imperfect memory of having done the same thing before? Spiritism, and other similar supernatural mountebankery, I ignore ; witchcraft and its attendant diablerie, I despise. I would account for the phenomena by natural laws alone. And yet I cannot. I Nor is this a ghost story, or a record of the wild imaginings of a fevered or diseased mind. It is the truth, strange and weird as may seem some of its sur roundings, the-simple truth. ? It wa! in the early part of December, ! 1864, that I, Philip Massey, started from 1 ouTcamp on the Shotover river for the Molyneux township, or as it is now called, CromweU, in order to sell some KoWTand to bring back some stores, of whSl we should soon be in need. I was I w'''\ ? ._ . (_„. _,i,o had workel SSZF-E^ diggings in New Sduth Wales and Victoria, and who had bteT about linear in New Zealand, to^todon CarnSchaeVs Creek, near the haadof the Bhotover, and under the lottv Mount Hyde, a spur of the Ham, mountains. We were much further up Sn^rthau most of the diggers, and ^elooatedin one of the wildest spote j ST«b»t%»ild and almost inaccessible WgioT Our workings were on the side of* not very large terrace, on the creek, shtttinneSlyafl round by 'PWJ-™ cliffs and mountains, ''^.^ J^f timber. Wild as was the landscape, STe was a savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, wnen tne rau* flower blazed in its crimson glory on the. bin-side.; and in the winter, ^?° M snow-fields glistened in the sufcsbme, or toe black birch forest wept in fte xam Xms of that gloomy aud inhospitable | rTwas a wild freeUfe, an erkin a m^n's 1 existence,,which, once experienced, can never be forgotten-a hiej the. memory Si which comes back with a .trange vearning years after; and when a man mav have settled down into a «Oiu, mechanical rate-paying merchanUaw ve7 dootor, or what nol-a Ufa withal, runcertainty, of hardship, of .constant neril-^peril of waters, when the rbgmg SoodsTme boiling and scwanjing down Jhe gorges, bearing huge trees, boulder^ ay and too ofton.numan bemg«i onward S'their resistless force, WV hasfor ^tten the time when ? 'tW 1 whole TZ lower parb »V'%^Olffin vaUey was submerged, when H'ee= men were drowned,, amongst them' the three, brothers Lynch, PerJs of Unfl. as when the entire .side of b, hUl tumbled bodily into the SMtoverji uuj ing I know not, nor was it ever known, how many unfortunate diggert ,in,ohe gigUTtomb. Perils f-f .?W^onPj |Sng shut up by the 8now,as it a huge orison. PerilsfromtheknlfeandpiBtdl fhot of the skulktog 'thief '«ttUMta°. or the ruthless. biishranger. .A wi^d, rr ? a._s_.. n^»mtiLnt{fo-r,to-daypoor, io-mo^'richTST^t ,TOsh:.«fc Its often fruitless toil, -^0, ^ay'ng once lived it, would not gladly live it again ?' As I said, I started from my 6amp for dromwetl to seU our gold and get supplies. Wo were on a good spot, and haa got over a hundred ounces,' and were?? course in high nbttj 1 at our ] look. Passing our camp, at *- iktanoed «l nuarter of a mile, was the regiilrtr take, partly beoause the weather was fine antt promUed to hold up, and the snow had not yet begun to melt and so flood the creeks, and partly because there were some suspicious characters tewer down the river whom it would bo &.JW&1 to avoid, and who, had they seen 'mei^lng, would, perhaps, have guessed tafjrrand. There was a blazed track leading over a saddle in the Harris range, round the bend of the Arrow, acrosB the Motatapu and tho Oordrona, over the shoulders of Mount Pisa and so iuto.the Molyneux valley andpn to Crom well, a track which two of my matealiad boen over, although I had not, and wuicn .they.pronounced quite safe and.^|SS;^to Jflnd and keep1.-1 The ^istauoe1 Sfras) some fifty miles, aud although . the way was rough f mig'ht (easUy . do it In two I We had eat up gather late the night previous to my starting, arranging what stores I was to purchase, what money to deposit in the bank, and so on, andi when I and my tent-mate, George Moseley, rose to turn in 'it -was nearly .teao'claotc. It washalf-moon, and a .cold, olear, calm, cloudless night. Not a eoundnros lito bo heard -except the hoarse butnot uninelodious hum of the creak over its sbiugle bed. iWe wer6 both struok with the Beauty of the scene, and George, who f was somewhat poetical, was just remark ling on the almost unearthly loveliness Df I iJZ ~iiof ^i^o. o-lnfior-cliid double peakot Mount Auruin, whioh soars ahjft in the west, when I suddenly interrupted Bfin with ' Hush ! what was that ! ' We stopped and Ustened. Not a sound save the murinuringstreamand the queru lous piping of the distant kiwi.' 'And yet I could nave sworn 1 heard the crackling of twigs, as if a footstep had trodden on thtm at the rear of the tent. I darted quiokly W-ond, but «w, nothing. I went a few steps into the^bush, bat still nothing/either to see or hear, antt 1 [returned, fancying I must ; have been mistaken. George, laughingly, said he supposed it was a Kanapu. , «« » ~ ka, feeding on tho tutuf berr.es, and we turned into our bunks, thinking mo more of the matter. .. Next morning I wasupatdaybreak, had breakfast, humped my swag, and was away before the bell birds had ceased their morning hymn. The gold I Hdd safely secured iu my belt, «f £-npau | was in my pocket, and my faithful D4t ringer hung at my hip. . . ' U was a glorious morning. Nothtag i have ever ? seen can compare, for ebrgeous colouriug, f 6r bright yet solemn beauty, with a summer sunrise in ttie mountain district of, New Zaal*nd.;; Far above the dim blue gray haw tnftt envelopes the earth, shoot luto theugper »ir the pure white scalps 6f the glatiiei: tnpped peaks, whioh stand in confused profusion on every hand. Then rtOwTy the dull sky is striped, with flakes of purple turning to re.l and amber, and Ln to floods as of molt*. 6°ld. -The white ice peaks and snow fields are tmtw with a delicate pink-the pink of the nautilus, which creeps apace down the slope, gUuting brightly on the sharp proininences, and turning the dark shadows into ncn purpie x'C? -r peak, glittering Uke scattered masses of diamond, spring into huge tongues of urisinatic fire. ? ? Such a scene as this I saw on^that early December morning, as I stated Mount Hyde, with the giant Motatanu on my left shoulder, forcing my way through the tangle of suppte- jaok, tern, and flax, of the low-lyutg bush, and then up, up through the thick wdblos , «omed?;tu'thedark birch andmaplfe. and the bright-leaved veromca, aud ettll up. over the beds pf moss, box ?«»» «™» snow grass, to tho bare BUmmitjof ^the saddler 6000 feet high. Then, ^'*^a view! Far away in the norjih-west , tne .lazzline glaciers of Mounts Earqslati, 9oToS!fana Aspiring. lO.OOOit. .£**- tude, and around on every hand a vast seaof mountains, of every possible variety of shape aud ruggednesB, the clouds and mist floated far beneath m*- Ae prospect was most bewildering, and ?y*n to my practised eye the possibility^ of except those with which I was 1 atiWiar, seemed almost hopeless. ., Up to witUin a few. hundred (feet; of the summit ther^ had been » fllearfy defined and well W^^k' J&1£ one frequently ™edbytrave11ertbrtwepn the Shotover and the Upper AtrOW^d Cardrowa diggings, but at the .ppmt where I stood there was notnwgoas bare rock, and therefore nought to!griae my course was nearlydae e*«i}|J« 8ee the Motatapu riyer rushing n^rfti ward at the ' foot of the mountain a coupleof thousand feet below to*. WO* out a moments hesitattpn. therrtttre, I descended, after consulting W5# makingin the direction of a distant tofty mountain, which, from. its ''^tag, I T:fnnk to'be Mount Pisa: I soonteaouea Le timtr. bufwas quite.unabWtp , find any sign of the track,, although I, nSust Save lort-many miles by ^ravBllmgW a Zig-Zag Jirectioil m -order tareoover foe blazed, line. Uieany ??. ,w-. «- -j course, but . that caused ««' ™Mr S«, as thecountry, aUhpttjgh;rugfe*d, was open; and I was travelling eastward. By noon I had left the last timber behind T me, had crossed thejlotrtapu and several other smaller streams,, and hoped to cross the Cardrowa ere night fall But as I advanced further into the solitudes the country grew mose and Sore rugged, and more than once I Bad which I afterwards I-™*. *?? ^M Middle Peak,l was brought to, a dead stttttdsfcill by arriving at the edge of a niecipice, overiooki^ A, *«?&&& ravine', surrounded, s6 far as I could Bee, bv inaccessible joliffs.. ? . ' [,. yHoweverunpleaSant,therewas nothing foritbut to turn' back and trywfotber route. 'Sometimes' slidinfe,-toetimes scrambUnftl arrived^at .the -bt cA ^ the range, *nd skirting it, .found mystOf at Iffivranoe of a wide gorge w;.^ between two lofty walls f ,prMp£ous r6ek. As I entered the gloomy pWtals a singular feeling of W^TOjSrf over me, a vogue sensation of dread of something, I knew not wfaat.^ - vf '' . ?RpRidps the phioe seemed; strangely famfC I had certainly neWbeentfiere bXe, and yet Hound *»/**« I'JjM'- sctbusly i^ognisjng the.vario^eatares of the «en^itheaeavage » *9n»?*. the position of;a huge boulderj _^e fcreo uo«l bf * dry watercourse,, ,»u« «»™' otecumsta*C6Sfevento,»lattert«fdeted. The tether t advancedHhe m«e f amihar did the plade become, and I found Syself inUdtivelyfoUowingwhatseemea to be a practicable route amongst the huge and ptted up iAmBM oF fallen 'where, or how, or when, could I have seen this phvoe before f or even * £^.-JTh8 Aptetfx, a winglau bird of New Ibntiw. any place like it P I carried my memory back to the plaoes I had been in. 'Totheohaenis and gullies of New South Wales and Gippsland, the ravines of Shoialhaven and the Blue Mountains, add flier: Murray Gates. Further back to the ptnong and quebradas of Mexico. Still further, : to the mountain passos in Derbyshire' 'and Wales. No, nothing likstb'is, any of them. 1 Could I iavo dreamt itP It seemed impossible. . Was I dreaming now ? No, I was wide-awake, and every sense on the -alert. 'Was it glamour f Pshaw, non ?wheo} besides, the holders and masses of broken rock were real, as I could feel. I paufjodirresolute for a moment, but, although my heart was knooking at my ribsiinanry whole frame shivering with a nameless. terror, something seemed to impel me onward, as if I wore seeking something, but knew not what. Yet there appeared to be something lacking. ,vThe place was the same as I seemed to have seen, before and yet different. I soon knew how.- Even as I thought, a gentle sough of wind sighed down the ravine, the sky darkened, a light rain .began. to fall, and, as is frequently the case in these mountain districts, a thunder storm cAijie on, peal on peal reverberating amidst the solitudes with a hideous Clang. ' That was it. If I knew the 'place before, how much better did I know it now, for every flash of lightning, every burst of thunder, seemed to be ' * , aforely the reflex of what had been scared ? into my brain at some remote period, ages ago, perhaps. And with all, and through all, came a vague consciousness, an idea which I could not form into shape, of crime, a dim foreshadowing of terrible evil. Still, and although I would fain have retraced my path, an invisible power forced ine forward in my search for the mysterious something of which I knew nothing, but which I had a pre sentiment I should find. iAt last it came. The gorge or chasm down which I was proceeding grew narrower and still more narrow, more gloomy and savage, until it opened out into a nearly circular pit, perhaps a hundred yards across; Yes, there was what I (sought, and my heart gave a ?bound of terror as I recognised it. To my left, and not twenty yards from me, yawned the mouth of a wide cavern in ? the rooky wall. Gladly would I have fled from the spot; but my trembling linibs still bore me onward. I was fasci nated, and passed within. Yes, exactly the same. In the dim half light I could distinguish the charred embers in the makeshift fireplace, the huge block of stone that served for a table, the smaller boulders that had been placed as seats. The floor was covered with a bind of fine shingle of disintegrated granite and quartz, but here and there were patches and splashes of black, which I felt were the stains left by human blood. Had this then been one of the sacred caverns of an extinct tribe of Maories, and these stones their sacrificial altars ? No, no, a thousand times no. I knew, I had the conviction burning in my very soul, that those stains were the signs of a still more terrible crime. But what crime ? I seemed to have a consciousness, a dim, faded out, and yet eU~.il;- .u.iu.i;.u-r! «..?« ...i.utlu.r as a spectator, or as one concerned, I could not tell. Whether, as I have said, it was merely the iudistinot remembrance of a dream, I did not know, but that there was more beyond I felt assured. I looked round the cavern fearfully, as if I expected my 'eyes to be blasted with a new gorgon.' The thunder rolled sullenly without, the wind screamed down the gorgo in fitful gusts, and the rain fell with a constant and dismal plash, but all within was as still as the grave. The cavern narrowed off at its extremity into a kind of natural gallery, which again shot off into two openings, or inner caves, and into the left hand one of these I felt that I must go. I went, slowly, cautiously, unwillingly, step after unwilling step, over that rocky floor, until I entered. Then my dream, or foreboding, or foreknowledge — call it what you will — was out. There, prone ou the ground, lay the skeletons of two men. The bones and some vestiges of clothing were there ; the rats had done the rest. With a wild ecreaui of horror I turned and fled, the outer cave seemed to spin round me in a mad whirl, and I must have fainted. When I recovered consciousness, the storm was over, but it was growing dark. I sat up on the floor and tried to collect my thoughts. Suddenly I remembered where I was — what I had seen — and I sprung to uiy feet in order to rush from the accursed spot. I had almost reached the entrance, when I was suddenly startled and stopped by hearing the voices as of men in loud dispute coming down the gorge. My first impulse was to hail them, but it as suddenly flashed across my mind that I was alone, and that I had a valuable lot of gold in my belt, and what oould honest men be doing in an out-of-the-way place like this P True, -they might, like myself, have lost their way ; still it was better to be safe. I was armed, and if — great heavens ! I all at once remembered I had, a week before, taken my revolver to pieoes for the purpose of cleaning it, had found the centre pin somewhat worn, and had put it on one side, intend ing to have sent it down to Dunedin to be repaired, and had put the imperfect, and consequently useless instrument back into the case and forgotten all about it. I was unarmed. What was to be done f : Shuddering as I passed the left hand oavity, I darted into the right hand one. I found myself in what seemed to be a narrow passage or gallery, sloping up ward, so far as I oould distinguish in the semi-darkness, into the rooky heart of the mountain. Stumbling over the un even floor, I proceeded about a dozen yards forward, When further ingresB was blocked up by a huge mass of granite, which Boomed to have been rent from the roof by sonic ? convulsion of nature. Crouching behind a large fragment of stone, I stopped and listened. Presently, I heard the tramp of footsteps entering the outet-cavi,-.and the ..voices of men loudijtt dispute. The dome- like roof -oyuseo^H Wipes,*0 have a singular dis sonant sb'mid, and yet, in comui6n with wWt'ihSve1 soen of the gorge and the fPftiftni;, th#; appeared1 tote,; i**-™* rfflmplte'^affier; familiar, nbt 'only xhe f[. boomed to have heard before. r niVitiuite/dai-k ?:jfbt: ianfl, as 1 ?Mwtfwara from V'beniha ' toy ^iH't saw four triloulenMoolc uaiis ; three of them seated on the fa, I have mentioned and the lighting' a fire with a heap of 'Wild Irishman,* Two fit fatom I jSeWlhey. belonged tothe'pi&ty; oatobed lovrer down the Shotoyer than we Were; ' theb'ther'tWo were strangers! . . They were at high words, and 'the oatbi ana Dlasphemy with ^biob. their '?? ' '*' 'i Wild IrWunU,' a tiriolilr frliiit ttrowliw'ln UrtwUiimtff'UiiBtrteliSBttgioii Itia&a;^Mftul br £g|«M l&A; athan in thwc 4irtdoti. ' language was interlarded were terrible to hear. At first I oould not catch their conversation, but, as they calmed down somewhat, I soon found that I was the subject of it. The one who spoke most had a slight impediment in his speech, and him I recognised as a suspicious character, known as Stuttering Harry, a recent importation from Viotoria, who, if report 'spoke truth, was not entirely unacquainted with the interior arrange ments of Pentridge. ' I tell you I heer'd 'itn plain enough arrange to start this mornin', an' to go by the Mount Harris track. Very well, that's the Mount Harris track, ain't it P and there ain't no other.' ' Maybe he might have passed us,' suggested another of the ruffians. 'PatBy Carroll, you always was a fool,' was the savage retort. ' How could he pass us P Didn't we wait for him at the South Branch ford since mornin', and he oouldn't git acrost any where else, could he ?' 'Maybe he wint th' other way, or maybe he didn't start at all,' persisted the one addressed as Patsy Carroll. ' Maybe this, maybe that,' was the reply. ' I tell you I was list'nin' out side the tent for half-an-hour, and heard it all. A hundred ounces he was to take, to come this way and no other, and to start ateutirise.' This then accounted for the footfall I had heard behind the tent the previous night. From their farther conversation, I found that they had started from their camp at midnight, and had waylaidmeata narrow pass near the fordof tbeMotatapu ; their object being not only robbery, but murder. They had waited for me all day, and had come for shelter to the cave at night, believing that I had got hushed and had camped, and knowing that I must pass that way next day. I learnt, too, that this place, which was a quarter of a mile or so off the track, was a haunt of theirs, and that the remains I had seen in the other chamber were those of two of their victims, their rule being to spare no one whom they robbed, but to take both gold and life. What an escape I had bad, or, rather, had I escaped at all? No doubt they would leave early in the morning, so as to be ready for me, as they thought, a the ford, but how was I to pass the night * I did not dare move, and my constrained' position begun to weary me. Had I not better make a dash for it. Nonsense ; they were all armed to the teeth, and I whs defenceless. As I thought, my eyes had become a little more accustomed to the darkness, and I saw on my left hand what seemed to be a narrow opening in the rocky wall. As I strained my eyes to peer into the gloom, I slightly altered my position, and, in doing so, moved a stone, which rolled noisily down the passage into the main cave. In an instant every man was on his feet. They stood for a second, and then with a wild yell, rushed for the gallery where I was. Unhesi tatingly, and without a thought of con sequences, I darted into the opening on my left, and plunged madly foiward into the thick darkness, regardless of fulls over the rough footway, or bruises fl.2-ttinst.the lagged walls. One, two, three pistol shots were sent after me, and I heard the flullets flatten against the rook, but I was not hit. Deeper, and still deeper into the unutter able blackness I fled, along a tortuous path, sometimes to my right, then to my left, feeling my way with bleeding hands and arms. At last, completely fagged with my exertions, I stopped to rest and to listen. Not a sound. I had rushed madly on, I knew not how far, into the bowels of the mountain. It was enough that Iwas for the present beyond pursuit. But would the sleuth hounds abandon the chase ? Would they not follow me, were they not then warily but surely track ing me to the death? Or, still more probable, would they not wait for me at the entrance, whither starvation must sooner or later drive me. I had provisions which, taken spar ingly, would last me four or five days, but what thenP Besides, I' had no water, and I knew by bitter experience the pangs of thirst. Again I listened, laying my ear to the ground to catch the slightest distant footfall. The darkness and the silence were profound — a darkness that could be felt, a silence that seemed to render audible the voiceless stream of time. Strange to relate, but I suppose my worn-out physical endurance oould stand no more, in the midst of my dismal re flections I fell asleep, at first into a broken and troubled doze, but afterwards into a sound, refreshing slumber. I have no idea how long I slept. It might have been minutes or hours. I had no means of judging. There was no day; no night. The same dense, impenetrable blackness ; the same insupportable silence. It was' as if I had been hurled into oblivion; been precipated into an eternity where there was.no life save in myself; no time .save that whioh fleeted past me. As I awoke I started up, the whole incident flashing across my brain-i-the start, the loat track, the double memory of the cave, the bushrangers, and the flight. What was to be dona ? Should I go on still further along this fearsome path, or should I return and brave my fate ? But stop 1 Which was forward, which was backward ? My heart gave a sudden bound as I remembered that I had turned round more than once in the dark, and had nothing to guide me as to which way I had come or was going. For the first time I struck a matoh, and looked about me. I was in a narrow, but rather lofty, and apparently very tortuous (for I oould only see a few feet beyond me on uither Bide) gallery or fissure in a dark, purplish, granite rook. I consulted my compass, and saw that from the spot where I stood the oave ran north-west and south-oast, but that told me nothing. At a venture I took the former course. But ore I had gone many yards I per ceived a new and undreamt of peril. The gallery branched off nearly at right angles into two arms; and, as I still proceeded, I found that the whole inte rior of the mountain was a network of subterranean chambers and corridors, leading from and to one-no.ther, like the meshes in, but without the regularity of, a spider's web. This, then, accounted .for the robbers not having followed me. They kne\v_ that to have ventured into the intricacies of this network of caverns ijras to be lost, andl— w,hy., then, and I— I was lost. As the truth ; flashed aoross my brain, I almost staggered with terror. Iwas lost, buried alive in the heart of this labyrinth. I hurried on in the dark, reoklessly and at random, sometimes striking a matoh to aee if I oould identify a path by whioh I had gome. No ; the same grim and gloomy rook on either hand, the same unending darkness be* fore and behind me. Ok but this is loo terrible ; and I felt my heart knook at my ribs, and the oold perspiration start from every pore as I contemplated the future. To linger in this dismal prison-house, to wander through these endless cells, for per chance two or three days, and then, when nature can bear no further, to lie down on the Btony floor, and wait for the end. Would it not be better to finish it at once than endure this living death, this torture of suspense ? No ; life was still sweet, and there was at least the chance of escape from this awful doom. But no time must be lost. Like the accursed Hebrew, I must go on, on, on ; no rest, no pause. Hour after weary hour I pressed forward, taking a snatch of food as I wandered. Hour after weary hour in the darkness, for I had expended my last match, and still no sign of deliver ance. Was it day or night P I knew not. Was the sun shining brightly over bead outside, while I here? Oh, horrible ! And in a day or two would uiy mutes be expecting me, looking anxiously for the one who would never, never, never come — who would be lying, t-trieken to death perhaps, in this dreadful place. The thought was madness, and I felt my brain reel under it. Still I went on. I screamed, I shouted, I bang, I prayed, I blasphemed by turns, yet kept ever on, walking, and frequently stumbling and falling, in my short snatches of sleep, but I seemed no nearer to the end of this interminable maze. A faint, dreamy kind of feeling of progression came over me. I felt no hunger, no thirst ; I experienced no fear, no anxiety, no fatigue. In the darkness I saw visions of houses, castles, green fields, wide foreBts, noble rivers ; and yet through all was the never-ceasing feeling that I must go on. Was I then going mad, or was this indeed madness ? Waking, as from a deep sleep, I looked round me ; for a time unconcernedly, as if it were too much trouble even to think. Then I began to muse wonderingly on what I saw. A nicely furnished room, with a clock ticking cheerily on the mantel-shelf, and a row of medicine bottles on each side of it. A bod, with hangings of mosquito net, and myself lying in it, and disinclinod to move. Who, then, was ill ? Was it I ? It must be so, and if so, what was the matter with me ? Let me try to think. No, I give it up ; I cannot-remember. Three days later dear old George Mosely is seated by my bedside. He has told me all he knows. I was in the Bridge Hotel, Cromwell, where I had been for over a week, and Jack Marsh had taken all sorts of oare of me. It had been a near squeak, though. A party of diggers prospecting on the Lower Curd rowa, near Mount Alpha, had come across me mad with brain fever, but still making onward, shouting and singing as I went. How I had got there they could not imagine, for I appeared to have come from the direction of the ranges, where there was neither track, nor, as they said, the possibility of finding one. They had taken me to their camp, and had kindly enough, and at no little trouble and expense, brought me down to Crom well for medical attendance. I had been talking the most outrageous nonsense ever was heard about caves, and murders, and bushrangers, and— but there, what was the use of talking — it was all happily over now, and in a day or so I should be able to bo up. When I grew stronger, and as the dread incidents I have related became more and more clearly imprinted ou my memory, I called George and the doctor together, and, as connectedly as I could, told them my story. They humoured me by pretending to believe it, but I could see that they put it down as the mere sick fancies of a fevered brain. I was still too weak to argue, so I let them have their way, determining some day to convince them. But I never have. I have sought in vain for the gorge and oave (for my mates have even humoured me so far as to go with me in search), and sometimes am inclined to believe with them that it is a fevered dream. Still it is singular that the party lower down the river should have suddenly disappeared when it was rumoured that I had been found, and that Stuttering Harry and Patsy Carroll were never again heard of in those parts. That is my story, and that is how I ani grey, nay, white, at forty. 