A ^gfefced Wrong. *? B3C EDSHIND SATES. Tlien she would force hersw-lf to think of the dead man, and wlua bs bad suffered, to realise that he had actually been living, and her husband, wiiila she was on her royase to fiuciaad, while she was living uer peaceful life at Chayloigb, while — and at this' poiut in Uer thoughts she shuddered, and a deadly coldness lay upon her— while she had loved and married another man, had filled a high position, and enjoyed all that wealth, station, and consideration could give. The full horror of bet position swept over her then, and Afterwards came tbe tieadoess, the confusion, the vain helpless weeping over her child, the natural shrinuing from what tho morrow was to bring, the strange wondering sense of a totally fata position, of an utterly new and disturbing element in her life, making all that had gone before seem unreal. Tho hardest of all was to know, to malm herself believe praetieallj', that she, bearing Fitzwilliam Baldwin's name— she, the mother of hischiJd— was not his wife. She knew how innocently, how unconsciously, she had done tliis wrong ; tuey bad made it plain to her how small its importance really was ; but she was oppressed with a sense of shauie and anguish in reference to it, almost in tolerable, even when sins did not turn her thoughts towards ber child. When she did not ! That was seldom, indeed, for, underlying all the vest, there was the agony of tlio wrong her child had sustained, never to be assuaged, and many times during that dreadful night she uttered aloud to the unconscious infant some of the burden of her soul. The injury to her child, the possible touch of disgrace on the stein less story of Baldwin's life; he who, us she said to herself over and over again, had lived in unblem ished honour before the world, ha who never needed, never wished so hide thought, or word, or deed of his, ha who eo loved her— these constituted the almost unbearable imony of the crief which had come upon her. They bad told her, whence the remedy for all this evil wns to be looked. If the child to b» born three months hence should prove to be a son, the wrong would be righted ; little Gerty would be no worse than jf this bad never happened, for it was not in yjjy reason to be feared that the secret ehoviW. ever transpire. 'And if mylchild should not i-e a sonP' she h».d asked them simply. 'Then there would he two to ebare Baldwin's savings, and the unentailed property,' Hayes Meredith had answered licr, ' and you would have to wait till tbe son and heir really did arrive.' She had said uo more then, and now, as she musod over ail that had been said, a passionate prayer arose iu lwr heart, that the child for whose birth she now hoped, with feelings so widely, so sadly different from what they had. been, might be a sou. If ic were so, Baldwin would be satisfied ; the sting would be taken out of this calamity for him, though for her it never could be. James Dugdale was right in the estimate be had formed of her feelings, little as she supposed that they were within any human ken. She did lora little Gertrude wonderfully, nnd to know her to be illegitimate, to know that she mutt owe her name and place iu the world to a concealment, a. false pretence, was a wound in the mother's heart nerer to be healed, and whose aching was never to be allayed. So the hours wore away, and with their wearing there came to Margaret an increased sense of un reality. The ground she bad trodden so securely was mined and shaken beneath her feet, and with the stability all the sweetness of her life had also passed away. In her thoughts she tried to avoid the keen remembrance of that beautiful, pure summertime of lovo and joy, over which this shadow had fallen, but she could not keep away from it; its twilight had to newly come. With keen intolerable swiftness and clearness a thousand memories of lier beautiful, stately home catno to haunt her, like forms of tbe dead, and it was nil in vain that she strove to believe, with the fnemls who bad endeavoured to try and console her, thai the black shadow which had (alien beuveeu tltat home and her could ever be lifted more. ) When the wintry dawn had fully come, she lay down ou her bed, with her child in her arms and slept. Onu tiny infant Jmud wns doubled uji against tlie mother's neck and her tear-stained cheek reatod on the soft brown curls of the baby's hair. Margaret's .slumber did not last long. She awoke long before tba lime at which eho had told Baldwin she would be ready. When she drew back the curtains and Jet in the cold gleaming light, there wns as yet but little stir or noise in tho ftreot, and tho shops opposite the hotel wcro but slowly fitrueulin'r in their full-dressed nnd busjiiess-liko appearance. Site turned from thu window, and looked at lier face in the glass. Was that faca the same that had looked out at her only this time yesterday? Sue. could hardly bolieve it wns, bo ghastly, so worn, so old it showed mow. She turned away abruptly, ond took off her dress, which tbe replaced by a dressing-gown, and shook down her rich hair about her ueek and shoulders. Presently the child awoke and cried, and Margaret carried her to her nurse.. She did not kiss the child, or look at her, utter she bad placed it in the woman's arms, but went away at once, with her teeth set. How horrible, {how unnatural, how shameful it seemed to Margaret as she dressed herself in the plainest garnjeiits lier travelling trunks supplied that this should bo her wedding day, iuid she was dressing for her mar riage! All the painful feelings which she bad experienced were concentrated nnd ex pressed in those terrible, almost iucrediblo words. She went through ber unaided task steadily, only avoiding seeing her face in the glass ; nnd when it was quite done, when her shawl, aud bonnet, and gloves were on, Ehe kuelt down by lier bed, with her face upon tbe coverlet, and her clasped bands outstretched, and there she pmyed and waited. At 0 o'clock James Dugdale knocked at the door of Margaret's room. Slio opened tlio door at bis eummoHS, and silently gave him her baud. '.Baldwin is in the fitting-room,' lie said. ?] eee you are quite ready. Are you feeling strong?' ? 1 am perfectly well,' she replied. They went downstairs, and into tlio room which the party bad occupier! on tho preceding evening. Preparations for breakfast wens in active urogress, aud two waiters were conducting them with as much fuss and display of alacrity as possible. Haj'es Meredith greeted Margaret with n cheer ful aspect. Mi'. Baldwin merely set a chair for her. Their % good-morrow ' was but a look, and what a pang tliis caused Margaret ! The servants were not to know they bad not met till then. To tbe practical, business-like mind of Hayes Meredith tbe painful matter on hand bad not, in deed, ceased to be painful, but had advanced so far towards a happy termination, which should etid its embarrassment positively, and in all human probability its danger, tbathefelt able to be cheerful without much effort or affectation, aud took upon himself \bo task of keeping up appear ances, to which his companions were much loss equal. He really ate bis breakfast, while the other three made the poorest pretence of doing so, aud he did the talking about an early shopping ex pedition which had been proposed over night. At length this pnrliou of the trial came to an end in its turn, aud Margaret, accompanied by .lauics.nnd followed by Meredith and Baldwin, left tbe botul ou foot. Tho two waiters witnessed the departure of tbe party. * A precious gram lot for a party wot iswistin' the metrop'Hs, eh, William? said one to the uther. ' Ain't tbpy just, Jim 1 They are swells though, From wot I hear. When tliey reached Piccadilly, Meredith pro cured a hackney-coach, and the silent little com pany were driven to the city. Margaret sat back, eaning her head in tbe corner with closed eyes, rhe three men hardly spoke. Tue way seemed rery long, and yet when tho coach stopped, in ibedience to Meredith's directions to tbe driver, n n crooked, narrow, dirty littio street, which she iod a confused notion was near tbe great river, ifargnret started, and her heart, which had lain ike a lump of lead in her breast, began to beat 'iolentljr. A few minutcs's walking, but by a tortuous way, brought them to a shabby little old church, damp, mouldy, and of disused aspect, and into the presence of a clergyman whose appearance matebed admirably with tbnt of tbe building, for lie, too. was shabby, little, and ottl, and looked as if lie were mouldered by time and seclusion. An ancient clerk, who nitd apparently combined tbe darkly ofSe» with tbo»B of the pew-opener sod the1 vetK». =?« the only other person present. Not ?**?» «t»w tafe** wr. » *w»M~E-rl out on an errahd.or a nurse-'mlua urine her'chargeB in the* damp, haajjaen' tempted, by ttB rarfe spectacle of an open church dpor, to enter the b'uHding, -A' litUs'wWspered conversation with the shabby little old clergy man, a paper shown ibyMereaitii, and ,i ghost-like beckoning by the clerk, will! in tent to Marshal the wedding-party to their places and all was ready. The words of the solemn mar riage service, which it was so dreadful to those two to repeatj which they had spoken once with such' Joyful hearts, were Baid for the: second tune, and nothing but the signing of the register remained to be done. As Mr. Baldwin, with his wife, followed the shabby little old clergyman into the vestry, he wnispered to Margaret, *3t is all over cow, dearest; nothing can ever trouble or part us more but death.' She pressed tbe arm on whitth ete was leaning very close to ber breast, but she answered him nevsr a Word. 'Sign your namelwre, it you please, madam,' said tbe clerk, putting a dirty withered old linger on the blank space in the large book which held in such trite record so many first chapter of humttn histories. Mr. Baiawln had already signed, and was look ing at his wife with eager attention. He saw the spaBm of agony which crossed her face as she wrote 'Margaret Uuiigerford.' James Dugdale Baw it too. Tfhea Aferedith and IDugdula in their turn had signed the register, and Mr. Baldwin had astoni shed the clergyman, to a degree unprecedented in his mild and mouldy eiistenoe, by tho magnifi cence of tbe sum with tvliica Be rewarded, his ser vices, all was donej and the wedding r-arty left the'ehurch. Mr. Baldwin and Margaret got into the coach, and were driven to a shop in Piccadilly. There tlie driver, who was rather surprised at the novelty of a bridal party being ' dropped' at a shop instead of being taken home in orthodox style to breakfast, was dismissed. Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin returned to the hotel, as they bad left it on foot. 'Let me see — what's the name of the church and tbe parson I' said Hayes Meredith to James Dug dale, as they stood in tbe street when the coach had taken Baldwin and Margaret away, and tlie church-door wsb shut upon them. Ho had an old fashioned red morocco- leather pocket-book, with Si complicated clasp, composed of brass wire, open in Ins lmnd, aud lift carefully noted down James's reply, heading the memoran dum with the initials, l'.M.B. M. H. ' What do you write that down for ? ' James asked him. 'Partly from habit, old fellow, and partly be cause I never was concerned in eo strange an affair before, and I hai-e a fancy for reminding myself of it.' He had put up tbe pocket-book ae be spoke, and they were walking slowly away. 'I remember irel],' said Meredith, ' when I said good-bye to her on board the 'Boomerang, I won dered what sort of fate awaited her in England. It is a very enviable one on the whole, in epite of tbis little clond, which I look upon as quite blown over. It might have been an ugly business if that poor wretch bad pulled through in the hospital. What.i comfort that it has been so capitally managed, isn't it T ?Yes,' said James absently; 'how very, very miserable she looked 1' 'Never mind that — it was natural — it w»s all so awkward you know. Why, now that it is over, I can hardly believe it. But she ?will be, all right to morrow — (be journey had something to do with ber looks, you must remember.' , When they readied the hotel they found Mr. Baldwin alone in the sitting-room. Hayes Mere dith had recovered his spirits much more than any of the party. He was quite chatty, and inclined to enjoy himself, now that it was possible, in the delightful novelty of London. Besides, he judged wisely that tlie lens difference the event of the morning should be allotted to make in' tbe dispo sition of tlie day the better. Mr. Baldwin was ready to devote himself to bis guest's pleasure, and a pleasant programme was soon made out. On reference being made to Mar garet she Enid eIib would remain at home all day, with the child. James, too, pleaded fatigue, and did not leave the house. And when the other two were gone he thought, - No one, not even be, knows what this is to her so well as I kuow it.' 