LIGHT BY NIGHT-THE HOLY TRINITY. A SERMON BY REV. C. J.. VAUGHAN, D.JJ. " It wag a cloud and darkness to tnem, ou«. gave ugiu by night to these."-EXODUS xiv. 20. Tho antithesis, which it seems natural so strongly tc emphasise, to them, to these, ia not indicated in the original. All that is there is, It wes a cloud and darkness, and it gave light by night-or, it lit up the night. It may be, therefore, that we have here nc record of a separate miracle-such that Israel saw as a guiding light that which to Egypt pursuing was a confusing darkness- but only the repetition of that record ol a preceding chapter, By day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them the way ; and by night in a pillar of Sro, to give them light. This matters little to the use which I would to-day mate of the text. In either.caae we.have tho closing word3 "So that tho one came not near the other all the night." The guiding cloud severed the camp of Egypt from the camp of Israel. It marched between them. Tc tho one it was God's presence, cheering despondency, comforting weakness, guaran teeing victory; to the other it was a perplexing, baffling, vexing apparition, betokening they knew nob what, yet this at all events that Israel hud a Friend, had a Guide, had a Com forter, and they must drive after him their chariots oi earth, with such' hop« and such might as earth fight ing against heaven can muster. This pillar of cloud and fire has in all aires, I sup pose, been used as an emblem of the Divine Word. More or lena clearly wo find that uso of it everywhere. Tho Psalmist says, "Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path." And the Apostle gives us a glimpse of the double aspect of God's truth, to them and to these, when he speaks of a Gospel hid den to the lost, minas .blinded against it by the god of the world, so that the glorious light of Christ, God's .' image, ahinoo not, cannot shine, for them. Bright, brilliant, to tho oyo of Israel, it is ali cloud, all darkness, to the hostile, the proud, the indifferent, tho scoffing. *. * * * It ia quite possible so to present the doctrine of the Trinity as that it shall simply repel. There is much on. its "¡surfaco to provoke objection. It sounds illo gical to say, Each one of Three Persons ia God ; yet not three Gods, but one God. Many persons will hear no more. To them the magnificent old Church hymn the " Quicunque y ult"-no ver heard to greater advantage than in the solemn music, this Sunday,and last, of our own venerable Temple Church-is a jargon of unmeaning or offensive sounds, of far-fetched anti thesis and unchristian challenges. The impatience of the ago, intolerant (in religion at least) of all that de mands study-insisting, when it condescends to the ology, that all shall be made plain not merely to the passing but to tho running reader-feels a natural^ re pugnance to an exposition which is at the same time an. exploration of truth, and which opens itself thus far to attack, that the language of some two or three of its clauses is harsh to the ear and antiquated in the tone. The doctrine of the Trinity has been damaged no doubt, with the modern multitude, by echoes, in , dustriouslv reverberated, from the Athanasian Creed. And let us say, my brethren, with all frankness] Perish any Creed, may we bub keep.the Faith! Il is not necessary that this form of words, or that, should be introduced into, or persevered in, our wor : ship ; if tin's Creed or that is a stumbling-block to one brother, let it go, in the name of charity I The Ame rican. Church has discarded the Athanasian Creed, and is a Church still : honoured and panegyrized, here in England, by the very men who brand with every stigma of heresy their brother Churchmen who would do likewise. We may part (if it must be so) with the old form of words, and yet think aright of the Trinity. Nor let us doubt-it is a comfort to believe it that there are men to whom not a particular Creed only, but the very term Trinity is an offence, who yet in their hearts believe in the Divinity of Christ, and in the living grace and power of tho Holy Spirit. To auch mon, not always accurate thinkers, but jealous in their way for God's honour, it seems perilous to import, into a province so sacred, a phrase of which they sue not the peculiar force and beauty, as the equi valent to Tri-unity-a protest alike against Deifin and Polytheism-against the chilling baroness of the Socinian, and the utter fundamental unsoundness of the practical Tri theist. We can understand, though we share not, au unwillingness to utter the solemn in vocation of the Litany, " Ü holy, blessed, and glorious Trinity," on the plea that no inspired writer, no Scrip ture saint or apostlo, literally consecrated it-that it introduces dogma into the region of devotion, and makes worship itself more difficult to the uueducated believer. But it would be idle to deny that, deep below the questions of Athanasian Creed and enunciated Trini tariamsm, there lies a real dislike, in many, to the truth itself thi3 day commemorated. ' They do not refuse to Jesus Christ any title of honour or reverence short of absolute Deity. They will even speak of Him as su perhuman, a3 Lord, as Divine. But, if they are pressed to say whether He is God, they decline or , they evade the question. In liko manner, they speak with hesitation of the Holy Spirit as God's power, or grace, or influence, or energy-they confess their need of Him-they will even speak of Him as Divine. But > if they are urged to tell their whole mind con cerning Him, you will find that they demur to tho Personality. He is a grace, He is a gift, He is a pre sence-He is not a Person. Thus in two points, vital to it, the doctrino of tho Trinity is, for them, halt and defective-tho true Deity of Christ, and the real Per sonality of the Spirit. They will uso any vague general phrases concerning eithov, but it is plain that they nre not recoivers of the Church's doctrine. "The Father is God, the Son is God, and the Holy Ghost is God ; and yet they are not three GoJs, but one God." _ My brethren, knowing, from personal pastoval expe rience, m how many hearts this doubt lies as a trying lifelong distress, let us see whether it also may not be initicuted or cleared away by a tender reverent haud lmg. Ëvevy word of God is at onco a cloud and darkness to Egypt, and a light by night to Israel. To the cavillor, to tho sceptic, to the trifler, there is no one revelation (strictly so called) which does not teem and bristlo with difficulties. Tho doctrine of gvace and tho doctrine of inspiration-tho revelation of re demption, and (certainly not lesö) tho revelation of creation-each has its difficulties. Around every thing, whether in Nature or Providence or Spirit, there hangsa thick voil of unexplained mystory. The lamp of Divine disclosure Berves but to make the reinaiuing surrounding darkness moro obscuro. Tho foot of knowlodgo penetrates but a step or two into the uncleared forçât, »nd i» confronted oyerywuçre by a l'angle of insoluble enigmas which defy its progrese* This is so everywhere and in all things. But we deny that Revelation creates difficulties,* So far as it goes, it is, to the believing, what it call« itßelf-a light and a lamp. The real mysteries of ou* being were there before revelation : the mystery of life, the mysteryof death-tho mystery of an Omni potent God resisted, and the mystery of a Holy God coexistent with evil. Whatever Revelation doos, in reference to these aboriginal mysteries, is in the direc tion of explanation. Feel the weight of mystery, andi Revelation will lighten it. Kneel before God with the Bible open, and the light will spring up amidst, il not in place of, the darkness. Trinity Sunday is, in an especial sense, the Festival of Revelation- The Unity of God might be-St. Paul seems to say that it ought to be-tho inference of na« tural conscience from the observation of nature and the experience of life. One hand mado all these thing«. One hand holds the threads of this complex being. But no conscience and no reason, no observation andi no experience, could possibly divine the secret of th« Trinity. Therefore, nrst of all, whatever else it be, the feast we koop to-day ia "due to Revelation, to th« GoBpel, to the Bible, alone. We observe, not without wonder, in the authentïo pages of Scripture, side by side with plainest asser» tkras of the Unity of the Godhead, intimation», equally plain, of a threefold agency, a threefold per sonality. Take but one verae (many might be added to it) of the great discourse closing the earthly minis* try of Jesus, and see whether you can read it other wise than in the senRe given to it by the Catholio Church. "But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, eveu the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, He snail teatify of me." Christ the Saviour, on tho eva of Hi« Passion,, speaks on earth to His disciples ; speaks of another Person whom He will send to them from th» Father, whose office it shall be to bear witness con cerning Christ. The whole doctrine of the Trinity lies in that verse. What could the Church do, what alternative was left to ifc, but either to shut the Bible: or else to assert the Trinity ? Trinity 'and Unity are not contraries. The word Trinity was invented to preserve the Unity. Trinity is Tri-unity. Tho doctrine of Trinity Sunday ig thw -that Holy Scripture, while tenaciously clinging ta the Unity, does m-esent to us our Lord Jesus Christ as very God, and does present to us the Holy Spirit of God, not as a thing, but as a Person. These are tht simple elements of this day's doctrine. First, our Lord Jesus Christ is very God. That fr» every attribute of God, every power and quality which goes to the definition of God, is ascribed to ou» Lord Jesus Christ in the Gospels. For, if you ar« asked what is God, you can but answer, A living Being to whom belong certain attributes and qualities which belong to no creature-eternity, omnipresence, omnipotence, emniscience, self-existence, origination of being, perfect holiness, infinite love. It is no ques tion of words or names, which may have various shades of meaning, or which may depend altogether upon n version or upon a manuscript. What we say is, that, besides and almost apart from passages in which Divinity or Deity ia ascribed by name to ou» Saviour, the wholtf tenor of tho Gospels and Epistles implies the ascription to Him of powers and preroga tives which are our idea of God. When our Lord says, " Before Abraham was, I am"-when.He pro mises to be with His Church alway even unto the end of the world-when He saya that wherever two o» three are gathered in His name there is Ho in th« midst of them-when He promises to Bend into His . disciples the Holy Spirit, and says that because He ? lives they shall live, and that He and His Father will come and make their abode with any one who keep» His word-in all'these expressions we cannot but gay '? that He does claim for Himeelf, not divinity onlyin a loose popular sense, as when we speak of a divin« I day or a divine poem, but literally and strictly (els« , Ho misleads and blasphemes) true, proper, incommu . nicable Deity. And therefore, having already learned to believe in Him as the Teacher come from God, ) I having the words of God, and none else or less, foi - , the everlasting instruction of mankind, .we must find I room in that Unity, which is the first principle of all , religion, for the Divinity, for the Deity, of Jesu*--» , which is the first element of the Trinity. In like manner, when we read concerning the Holy \- Spirit, of whose Divinity none can doubt, such ex I pressions as we can only interpret by Personality ; such expressions as the Comforter, the Spirit of I truth, followed by the relative (not which but) who, i or the pronoun (not it but) He-such expressions ar, s He shall come, He shall teach, He shall testify, He > shall reprove, He shall guide you into all truth-then i we say, that, although we admit the inaccuracy of all i language, and especially of theological language-ad I mit, in other words, that phrases like .Person and t Substance are necessarily inadequate and incorrect in r application to things Divine-yet wo should i be guilty of blindness and deafness, irreverent and \- wilful, if we refuse to recognise types of eternal veri I ties in such terms used by the Divine Master con \- earning the Holy Ghost-we should be erasing and b expunging for ourselves whole lines, clauses, and sen« I tences, of Revelation, if we declined to speak of Him I as Christ has spoken, or to adhere to the doctrine^ of the Personality of the Spirit, on the same reasoning } and with the same earnestness which aBRerts th» \- Divinity, the Deity, of tho Saviour. And this ia th« i second element of the doctrine of the Trinity. If any one should contend that, though tne pro mises or elements may he tine, the conclusion or (at least) the combination is presumptuous ; we remind him of the formula of Baptism, resting upon the ex press sanction of Jesus, " Go ye therefore and coach all nations, baptising them iu the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghoßt ;" or of th« solemn words of Apostolical benediction, " The grac« of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you alL" Wherever grace and peace are invoked upon ä Churob, [ from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ, ther« is the assertion of the Saviour'n Deity : wherever th« Spirit is said to search hearts, or to make intercession, or to help infirmities, or to know the things of God, there is the assertion, in personal"experience, of thai which has no doubt UB ground in verities and exist eucios deeper than man's words, but which, for lack i of, or waiting for, a more accurate phrase, tho Church I throughout her generations calls the Personality of th« Holy Ghost. It may not bo without its usa-God grant it-thvui¿ on one great Festival in each year, to sketch briefly beforo you the proof of the Trinity. But wa will not end with auch arguments-no, not if they be, as wa believe them to be, the simple utterances of God'« Word. Bather will we urge^upon you, in conclusion, the thought suggested by the text-that thia revela tion, like each one of God's secrets told, although il may be dim darkness to tho contemptuous arguer, ha« over given light by night to tho camp of tho journey ing, struggling, militant Israel. . Leave out of sight for one hour the Divinity ol JesiiB, and darkness Bettles again upon the soul wnicBi He died, which He lives, to redeem. When th« stroke of death comes-aa it has come, with startling suddenness, in these last days, to an old and faithful, Borvant of this Churoh-what shall support, what shall strengthen, thea, but faith in » Saviour abao ' Intely Divine? He has borne our griefs, and " carried out sorrows-He hath taken away sin and brought in everlasting righteousness- how ? by what title ? by Än immaculate human virtue? by an obedience availing for Himself, and leaving (something over for eons and brothers less exceptionally meritorious? Hay, but for a higher, deeper, yet simpler cause because He is the Lamb of God, One with the Father, able therefore to abolish death, and to bring life and fmmoitality to light for all who believe. Leave out of sight for one hour the Personality of We Spirit, and darkness sotties again upon tho soul of which He is the Light because the Life. When the call of duty sounds aloud in hearts conscious of weakness-as it Bounds, on this day of Ordinations, in a thousand self-inisgiving sin-accusing hearts-bid ding us awake to a;life of devotion,- or buckle-on God's armour for an unequal, a life-long conflict with mar shalled hosts of ovil-what then shall be our stay, our hope, .our courage, if it be not tho living life-giving grace of a Spirit searching the heart and interceding for it, within it, with a yearning inaudible to man but omnipotent, with God ? Yes, we may listlessly dream or purposely loiter-float down the stream of time, wantina neither rudder, nor compass, . nor liaven-for these things nature may suffice, or chance, or destiny : but when a work ia proposed to us, and -we must do it or die, then wo want that help, and dust have it. which only a Trinity in Unity can sup ply-the presence of an Almighty Father, assured to .tis by the sacrifice of a Divine Son,, aud brought .home day by day to the anxious, drooping, throbbing heart, by the near, tho conscious indwelling of a Divine, an Eternal, a Personal Spirit. 