A WINTER'S TALE. n. That night, while the great log was blazing in the broad chimney, and gilding every piece cf furniture in the reom with its ruddy glow, I sat watching them all for a time, and began to think eerioosly of how things were going to be. Mr, Wilby, our grey old parson, and Mrs. VfliDy won bU6lti| putjtug nutew w»wi wvuci ouu Aunt Deborah, who came te live with us and :kept house when my poor mother died; and eomehow my father always gave np to her in everything. She was a stiff, starchy old lady, in a widow's cap, mid as a boy I used to- think she had atarriisd her neck, for she never used to bend it, but used to torn all round at once every now and then to look across at Cousin Lizzy — who came with her, and had been like a sister to Tag and meever since— and frown or smile, as the ; case might be, for Lizzy was playing chess with Snell, and kept her eyes bent on the board, bis bring more often fixed on her. ' r As for Harry Forrest, he was playingat back- gammon with sister Tag ; and they looked as happy as could be there in the far corner, with only one candle on the little table ; mid I kept them pass the dice cup backwards and forwards. - There were two, but they liked to play with only one; and it took such a long time to pass it from one to the other, just as if their fingers got entangled, and then Tag used to look ap at Harry, and then look down again snd Mush. If she didn't, it must have been the dire shone mi her very warmly just then. I was getting fidgety, for I seemed left out in tbecrid, when I was called to attention. V on t lom, saia .unc xreooran, I pulled out my pocket-handkerchief, and tried to blow my nose like my father, when Anat Deborah turned round and looked daggers at me. Your play, Mrs. Burnham,' said the parson, And my aunt, whose attention had been called off, played in a hurry, played wrong, lost the | odfl - trick, mid looked swords at me now, to Bnril's great delight, for I saw the wretch smile. ' TO serve you out for this,' I muttered to foysdf; and soon after I did it inadvertently, I for I began watching the game, and saw such a bad move made that I said, excitedly — Oh, you were a muff, Mr. Snell 2 Why didn't you bring np your queen ?' Tom !' exclaimed Aunt Deborah. 'Bat it would have been mate, aunt,' I re- uaaustrated. X£ you cannot sit still and lGokon, Tom, you ' will have to be sent off to bed,5 said my aunt. Snell looked at me, with his thin lips pressed together, as if he would have liked to bite me ; but I didn't care much, for Harry Forrest gave me a sly look, and I saw him squeeze Tag's band, and she looked up at me and smiled. ' By-and-by, after looking at the fire till I could resist the temptation no longer, for the log of wood looked full of soldiers, I got softly hold ef the poker, and gave the log a bang, when the Sparks flew np the chimney like twenty squibs let off all at once, to my great delight. <Put down that poker, this instant, Tom ! eried my aunt. . . . - fiTift I retreated behind Co asm Lizzy, and began to watch her sweet, sad face, and wonder why she did not smile as she used. And then |t seemed to come upon me, like a kind of revela tion, that she must still be very fond of poor jack Frost; our parson's nephew ; and I remem bered now that she used to be a good deal with when he was staying at the vicarage ; and then I began to stare at the fire, and to try and teeall face, and his nice, frank, handsome luck, in Ms uniform, when he came to bid us all ,, good'bjs ; and, Of course, I went idto the little tpgea, and saw him holding Iizzy in hi an&8, Sl Wrt fA »p» wftwt win Wfc \ \- . t T -remembered, too, all about how the AyakfVhst wftg in sailed from Plymouth, and'Was never ksard of again ; and, as far -as I could make out, it was four years ago, if it was not five. just while I was thinking of all this, Sally came in to say that supper was ready ; and father took Mrs. Wilhy into the dining-room, while parson patted my head as he went by with Aunt Deborah. Then Harry went next, with sister Tag ; and as he was going I pulled .his sleeve; and pointed to a piece of mistletoe I had hung over the door, and he took the hint, and Tag didn't shrink away a bit, for I'm sure she let him take a kiss off the rosy part of her cheek. Next came Snell, smiling, with poor Lizzy, and he did the same, putting his arm round her; mid hissing her. She didn't shrink away neither, but stood quite still, .and I heard him whisper, f My darling I' and frit as if I should like to kick him ; and then I was left alone. j ' Might have asked me to come to supper to night, as it's so near Christmas 2'Iaaid. ' If ever mind. HI go and ask old Sally to give fate a tart. TO kiss her under the mistletoe.' | _ I was just going, .when Iizzy darted back into the room, not seeing me, mid threw herself on & chair, crying and sobbing as if her heart \fouId break. I was ready to cry,, too, as I went up to her. Oh don't cry, Liz.' I said, putting my arm roundher. And she broke out into, a fresh burst of sobs, as she flung her arms round me, mid hid her face on my shoulder. Oh, Tom, Tom, Tom !' she wailed, ' I pray to Heaven you may never be so unhappy as I am.' ' I know what it is,' I said, angrily ; it's because that beast tried to kiss you. I wish I'd knocked his head off this afternoon.' Hash, Tom 2' she said, wiping he? eyes hastily. You must not speak so. Mr. Snell is going to be my husband.' She glided away like a ghest, and I stood there thinking to myself. ' He's a nasty, cold, icy wretch,' I said to my self. c I know , what I should do, if I was Liz. ft hen I was married. I should always take two bottles of hot water to bed with me, for he'll be cold as an eel,' Just then I -started for the kitchen, when I was waylaid by Harry Forrest. Come on, Tom,' he whispered — Fve coaxed your aufat over, Come in to supper.' 4 Oh, I say, Harry Forest, you are a good one,' I said ; and as I followed him, it was with the longing hope that I might grow up such a mas as he, I didn't enjoy that sapper, though, for Lizzy looked so wretched, and Snell sat opposite1 to me, aad I could see the two nasty red pimples on one side of his nose, and they aggravated me ; while there was Aunt Deborah calling Mm 4 Dear Philip,' and begging Mm he would, make a good supper, till I bit at my bread viciously, EULU BSbUJL MJ lUJfWJU— Ah 1 she wouldn't be so fond of him if he hadn't got two thousand a year. If I was Liz, £ wouldn't have him if he was made of gold.' HL That night when I went to bed, I went te the window, and could see that it was snowing very fast ; and in the morning I found that it was still snowing — not a gentle falling of great flakes, bat a rush ef snow that was borne on the wings of a hurricane, filling np the porch, nest ling in the corners of the windows, and bearing down the branches of the evergreens. TJndei the front door it wss filtering in like a fine wMte powder, and the same at the keyhoie ; while on going into the diningroom, it was to find that looking quite dim, the snow was so piled-np or the window-sill and on the lead work of the lattice panes. 4 Isn't it jolly, Tag !' I said to her, as she came down to make the tea. 4 No, it isn't,' she replied pettisMy ; 4 it's cold and doleful, and everybody's miserable, and ' What else I never knew, for Tag began to cry, and I saw a tear foil into the sugar-basin, and then in the tea- caddy, while how many went into the bread and butter I cannot say. ! I set it down to a quarrel with Harry Forrest after I had gone te bed, but soon found that this was not the case, for- it was on account of poor Lizzy, who— now that the time of her -wedding was drawing so near — seemed to grow more and more melancholy. I That morning I overheard a little bit of con- versation -between my father and Aunt Deborah, while I was sitting behind the curtain in the big bay window, munching a lump of cake, for it was quite eleven o'clock, and I had had nothing since breakfast. X Tl _1 L 3 A e IT T ... L/eooran, saia my nrener,— i aon t quite like the look ef Lizzy. Are you sure you are right in letting this marriage come off?' „ 4 My dear John,' said Aunt Deborah, with austerity — and as she spoke she began to arrange a horrible brooch she always wore, one out of a bit of pink faded coral — just the rough little branch set in gold — and always looking to me like a piece of a dead worm, found drowned after a storm on the gravel — 4 my dear John, you are an excellent former, and the best judge of stock in the country, but your management ef children is beneath contempt.' 4 Thanky,' said my father. 4 If I had not come here te take the manage ment of your house; I don't know what would have become of your children.' 4 You've been very kind, Fm sure, Deborah, and done your best,' said my father; wnilinp ; for I could see him through a little hole in the curtain. I have, John,' said my aunt, complacently ; 4 bat that boy, Tom, is getting quite beyond I me.' 4 1 was not talking about Tom,' said my father, : 4 but about Lizzy.' ' 4 Surely, John, I think you may allow me to manage my own affairs myself. I gave way to you about Agnes, and her engagement to that rather rough young man, Mr. Forrest.' 4 As. -fine, a young fellow as ever stepped i said my father, warmly, 4 Ye-e- es, ' said my aunt, playing with her brooch, 4 but wanting in refinement." 4 Refinement be ' 4 John !' 4 1 beg your pardon, Deborah ; bat you irritate me,' said my father. 4 The young fellow loves rry girl, and she loves Mm. They are pretty well ofij and what mure do yon want 44 Oh, nothing," said my aunt, 4 only to be left to govern my own child, and to see that she does not make such a mzsallimce.' 4 Misalliance 2 said my father, making plain English of the word ; 4 well, I like that. Why, jour Mr, Sarii— 'Bwfet in my presence,1 e&id; my sunt ' He is w 6.1 thy and refined, and I consider him a suitable match for my child, whom he adores.' 4 So he ought, -said my father, hotly, 4 but she don't care twopence for Mm.' 4 My daughter has been properly trained, and knows what is her duty, 'said my aunt, austerely. 4 She is like all girls Should bt-very diffident and modest before her intended husband. _ 4 Humph ! that's sis good as saying Tagis not, said my father. 4 1 say nothing of the kind, john,'-said my aunt, speaking with provoking coolness. If you have called me in here to quarrel, prey say so, and 111 leave the room.' 4 Now, what's the use of getting in a temper, Deborah ?' said my father. 4 1 only spoke to you on behalf of your own child, so as te try and induce yon to act for the best.' 4 Oh, Fve thought of all this,' said my aunt, with a ftfeiHing smile. 4 1 do not act at random, John.' 4 But do you think it is for the best F 4 There, there, there,' said my aunt ; 4 TO hear no more about it. You foolish man S how little you know about women and their ways I' 4 1 suppose I don't know much,' said my father te himself, ss he took down a pipe, and began to smoke, filling it from the little old-fasMoned leaden tobacco-case th&t; stood on the sideboard — for my aunt had sailed out of the room. But he had not been smoking five minutes, keeping me still a prisoner, for I did not like to show roys«?v when who sboutd come in out Lizzy, looking very pensive and quiet, when my I fa&Oc; r jumped up and caught her hands. Lizzy, my girl, ' he said, I wanted to say a word to you about this wedding.' 4 Yes, uncle dear,' she said, sighing as he drew her to Ms breast, and she nestled her head against Ms cheek. 4 I'm not quite satisfied about it, my girL I'm afraid — I'm — I'm — well, there, hang it, I must speak out. I'm afraid you are not very fend of this Mr. Snell.5 4 1 shall try te be a dutiful wife to him. uncle,' said Lizzy, sadly. 4 Hang it 2 yes, girl ; but then men don't want dutiful wives. No, no ; I don't mean that, for of course they do. What I mean is, I don't chink you care for him as you ought.' 4 1 try to, uncle, dear.' 4 Yes, yes, my pretty,' he said, kissing her affectionately; but. that's not alL You're a good girl, Lizzy, and I want to see you happy, 5 4 1 know, I know, uncle; dear ; and— and — I wish— oh, what shall I do ? — what shall I say V she cried, bursting into a passion of tears, and sobbing reedy to break her heart, while my father kissed her and soothed her, and tried all he could to make her claim. 4 There I' he exclaimed, at last, 4 1 won't have it — the wedding shan't come off,' 4 Oh, hush, uncle !' she cried, hastily drying her tears. Don't say that — don't notice me 2 I'm a foolish ungrateful girl, that's all, and mamma knows best.' I .inn't: tnnw en mnc'n &mnf; that 5 rrra mWewl my father. 4 Oa. yes, yes, yes !' cried Lizzy, smiling in quite a piteous way, as she tried to look cheer-. iul. 4 I've been very foolish, uncle, dear ; and it's all for the best' 4 Look here, Lizzy, my girl,' said father. 4 You tell me flat and straight out that you don't want to marry Mr. Snell, and the wedding shan't come off' 4 Oh, no, no, uncle, dear, I musn't say that,' she cried, hastily. 4 Fve been low and nervous, that's aiL You must not say a word. Mamma knows best, and — hush 1 here's Mr. Forrest.' She darted away, as Harry Forrest was seen coming by the window, and, glancing in, he saluted my father with a cheery Yoicks.' 4 Yoieks.' I cried, starting up. 4 Harry 2 snowballs 2' Wny, you young dog,' said my father, catch- ins me by the collar — 4 why, you've been biding there and listening.' 4 1 couldn't help hearing, ' I said, iu am injured tone. 4 1 was in the room first, and you and Aunt Deborah and Lizzy came and talked.' 4 What were you doing there, sir?' 4 Eating cake,' I replied. And I believe I should have had a severe box on the ears but for the entrance of Harry Forrest, who came in after a deal of kicking and brushing the snow from his boots.' 4 Snow still, Harry ?' said my father. 'Coming down tremendously, sir, and means to keep on. I had a fine job to get here ; its up to your middle in places. Snell wouldn't face it, and has gone back.' 4 Good job, too,' said my father ; 4 he'd catch cold.' 4 Come, Tom,' said Harry Forest, 4 how about the church ? Young ladies going, sir ?' 4 1 sunoose sn. FTarrv 13 ati mv f&ftioi; — C j 7 J 7 "J Awwuwai You'd better ask them. The result was that we all set off for the church. I'm afraid I was given to listening in those days. But what could I do, if people came close by me and talked ? And so it happened that, while I was busy filling the -brass candlesticks on the pulpit with the best sprigs of holly I could find, and Harry Forrest and Tag were twining boughs in and out of the communion rails, Mr. Wilby took Lizzy's hand, that was clasped full of ivy, and said to her, in a low voice — 4 Lizzy, my child, it seems to me only the other day I held you in my arms, by the font there that you have filled with greenery, and iooked down in your pretty baby face ; and now, ia a day or two more, I am to stand yonder in the chancel, and make you Mr. SaelTs wife. Ah, my darling, I had hoped to see you the wife of poor Jack — God rest him ! my poor boy 2 my poor boy 2' The old man sank into one of the pew seats, covered Ms face with Ms hands, and bent down, sobbing like a child ; while Iizzy threw barlf at his feet, clinging to him, and whispering in a hurried, excited, imploring way — 4 Fray, pray, don't speak so, Mr. Wilby— dear Mr. Wilby 2 she cried. 4 It is like killing me. 4 My poor child 2' he said, tenderly. 4 It is very cruel and thoughtless of me. But you did love Jack?' 4 Yes, yes, wailed Lizzy, more than spoke. And she hid her face on the rid man's 4 Well, well, well,' he said, sadly ; 4 man pro poses, but God disposes. My dear child, I hope you will be a happy wife, Iizzy tried to speak, but failed, and, getting up, - she busied herself in finishing the decora tions, for we did the best part of t.bftm. The way in which those two lovers idled was shameful ; and so it came about that at last Cousin Lizzy and I woe together busily twining ivy in the iron railings cf my lord and ipy lady s grand tomb in the corner, when I said to Iizgy-« I Wf X4i| 341 M 9Mb- Tom I she gasped, staring at me with wonder 4 1 say don't have Mm ; never mind Aunt Deborah. T like you ever so much. 4 1 know yos do, Tom,' she said, kissing me, 4 Well, look here— you wait seven or eight years ; they'll soon slip away, and I'll marry you — I will, honour bright.' 4 You foolish boy !' she said, smiling through her tears. 4 Dorit laugh,' I said, earnestly ; 4 1 mean it. You don't suppose I'm always going tobe a boy, because Fm going to grew up just fike Harry Forrest ; and I tell you wbat, sooner thai! you shall marry eld Snell, TO run away with yon now.' 4 Tom, Tom, you dear, good, foolish boy / she said, throwing her arms round me, and kissing me ; 4 promise me, for my sake, always to be kind and respectful to FMlip Snell, and don't call him old. You know he's only three years older than Harry Forrest.' 4 Then what does be cuddle up like an eld fogey for ?' T said, passionately. 4 Couldn't even come through the snow to see the lady he's going to marry on Saturday, for fear he riiould melt or make his cose red. Yah I 4 Tom, dear, you are hurting me. Mr. Suril is going to bo my husband, and it will grieve me eo much if you talk like this.' . 4 He hates me,' I mid, spitefully. 'Because you have played him su6h tricks, Tom.' 4 Well, I-ccuidn't help it,' I said. 4 As soon as you look at Mm you feel as if you wanfced to stick pins in Mm — a booby. Don't you, Lizzy ? ' 4 No, no, Tom ; and I must beg you to be kind and considerate, and, in return, I promise that Fii make Mm love you.' 4 No — don't, please I' I said, ingenuously. 4 1 shouldn't like that. I wonder how you can bear it.' Fear Lizzy shuddered in spite of herself, and a little sob escaped her. 'I'll do what you like, though,' £ said; and our conversation ended. While, later on, as Harry Forrest carried her back through the snow, in the dark, I remember thinking that she looked as pale and sad as a little ghost, never once smiling when Harry said how light she was, though he panted under Ms load; for the snow was growing deeper and deeper, and I nearly got stu>?k fast; but thought it the best of fun. — Ortcc a Week, (to be coamxciB.) 