? IRELAND. CHRIST CHURCH, DUBLIN, (Sligo Champion, 13th April.) Christ Church in Dublin is said to have been founded in the year 1038, when Sitric, one of the Danish princes of Dublin, gave the site to Donat, Bishop of Dublin, for the erection of a church in honour of the Blessed Trinity. In the reign of Henry VIII., and the year 1538, this church was utterly despoiled. As we stated some time ago, the present possessors of this church have no claim whatever to it except what might establishes over right. We do not, think any bill of sale, or receipt for the purchase money is to be found in the archives. The Catholics maintained it for 600 years while it was left in their possession, but those who despoiled them of it did not understand the propriety of keeping it in repair, and it was evidencing signs ot decay, when Mr. Roe, the distiller, proposed to expend several thousand pounds in the restoration, and leave was accorded to him so to do. He has been for some years carrying out his purpose, and no objection was made to his expending his money, until a few days ago the faithful were horrified at discovering that a large cross and an Agnus Dei were engraved on a stone screen which is placed between the choir and the nave, whereupon " William Marrable," 1 first canon, writes to Archbishop Trench that this large cross and Agnus Dei were actually there, and worse still, that there is in the east window a representation of our Saviour on the cross, and that these things " make it as like a Romish altar as possible." The canon also apprehends that such things may tend to introduce here "the Romeward tendency and sad mischief done by the same in the Sister Isle." The canon further informs his Lord Archbishop that " all these distinctly Romish symbols were abolished at the time of the Reformation." The canon concludes by saying, " I assure you I thus convey my sentiments not in a factious spirit, but with a single eye to the glory of God and the good of the Church." The Archbishop merely acknowledged receipt of this letter. Here now is a church founded 840 years ago, in honour of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and after that length of time it is objected that anything symbolical of the three Divine Persons should be seen there or heard of there! Here is a good ground for leaders in the Orange and infidel organs. They can join " William Marrable" in protesting against the crucifix, an Agnus Dei, or a stained glass representation of our Saviour on the cross being lodged under the roof of Christ Church. THE O'KEEFFE HEIR TUND. A correspondent of the Boston Pilot, writing from Limerick on the 16th April, says:—A few months ago I informed you of the wonderful luck of the Limerick Buckleys in being discovered as the true heirs of about £250,000 in Australia, left to them by a poor boy, who, a criminal, left this city some forty years ago. In Clare, a poor shoemaker was also discovered as the heir to about £100,000; but these chance hits of fortune "pale their ineffectual fires" before the latest case of "good luck." Yesterday Mr. D. P. McCarthy, a native of Cork, architect, of Barrington-street, received a letter signed G. A. Stanley, New Square, Lincoln's Inn, informing him as follows:—"I am directed to inform you that the first instalment of the O'Keeffe legacy has come to hand in your favour for £500,000. The whole or the greater portion of the £5,000,000 left by the deceased will come to you (except the portion allotted to your brothers, about which the Crown will decide." Mr. McCarthy received the intimation with great equanimity and quiet thankfulness that his first cousin, Charles Robert O'Keeffe, late of Allahabad, India, who died a bachelor, had left him such a splendid fortune, which made him a millionaire five times repeated. The parents of the deceased Mr. O'Keeffe resided in Cork, and carried on a respectable business there as general merchants. His father and mother had occasion to visit London, and there, contrary to all expectation, his mother was suddenly confined in a hotel, and gave birth to the founder of the colossal fortune. Both Mr. O'Keeffe's parents died before he reached his majority. He had one brother and one sister, but both are dead. The brother died in Australia, to which he emigrated many years ago, and his sister died in Cork. The chief heir in Limerick was often invited by the five-millionaire to go out to India, but he had to decline the tempting offer in consequence of a naturally delicate constitution, unfitted to stand the torrid zone. He had also to decline a similar offer from the, deceased's brothers to go out to Australia, to both of whom he stood in the relationship of first cousin, the mothers of the heir and the deceased being sisters. After a time spent in Cork with his father, and while yet only about eighteen years of age, Mr. O'Keeffe made his way to India, where he enlisted as a private soldier. Here, in this new sphere of life, his old habits never forsook him. He studied men, manners, but, above all, business. By assiduity and, good conduct he at last received a commission, but, he did not retain it long, believing that commerce was his real forte. Service in the East during the year 1842 naturally suggested to his mind that he could make money by engaging in the opium traffic and other great branches of trade carried on in the East, and so he went into the opium trade, some said as an agent of the East India Company, others on his own account. Be this as it may, by close attention to business and good luck he soon acquired a colossal fortune, which will astonish many a modern Croesus—five millions of money in ready cash and an income of £150,000 from landed and other property! Mr. O'Keeffe died, unmarried, in February 1876, when Messrs. Carrington and Whigley, solicitors, of Calcutta, advertised for heirs, of which,' apparently, there was no lack, no fewer than 175 applicants putting in claims as the next of kin of the deceased; but they were all put aside on investigation in favour of Mr. McCarthy, of Limerick, who has four brothers, each of whom will come in for a twenty fifth part of the money and estate, but Mr. McCarthy will be the recipient of the great bulk of the fortune. The first intimation Mr. McCarthy had of deceased's death was through Mr. Maurice Lenihan, J.P., of the Limerick Reporter, handing him a paper in which the heirs were advertised for Mr. McCarthy at once placed his case as heir in the hands of Mr. Isaac Butt, member for the city, who, having interested himself on Mr McCarthy's account, has had a good deal to do with the recognition of the latter's claims as the real heir to this immense property in conjunction with his brothers, 0 Mr. McCarthy being the eldest. The heir is a very industrious and energetic man, and had just completed the building of a terrace of houses on his own account, which he named Barrington-terrace, when the letter " On Her Majesty's service" proclaimed to him his unprecedented good fortune. His father is an independent farmer residing at Abbeyfeale, where his mother died, and all the family are in comfortable or even independent circumstances. The heir served his time in Cork, where he was born, with the building firm of Messrs. Dickson & Taylor. At an early age he started business for himself in Newcastle West, and after several years of close application to business was selected as architect to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners up to the period of the disestablishment of the Irish Church. Since then he has resided and carried on his business in Limerick with accustomed good business habits, and was in receipt of a competence, if not more. Mr. McCarthy has a family of ten young children. SERIOUS EMBROGLIO. (Dublin Freeman's Journal, 9th April.) It would appear that the Queen's writ does not run on Clare Island, although the bearer of it is very well pleased to be able to do so on occasion. A most mirth-provoking incident whioh lately came before the Judge at tbe Castlebar Quarter Sessions Court shows that there are pans of the Western circuit where the salutary operations of the law are as little appreciated now as they were a hundred years ago, when a bailiff durst not show his face across the Shannon if he would preserve his bones whole. It was narrated by Mr. Madden, an official of the Court, who suffixes to his proper cognomen the mystical letters C. B. O. As these might prove to some of the unlearned laity no less puzzling than were to the scholiasts the three mysterious characters with which Mahomet usually commenced his Koranic books, we hasten to explain, in order to clear away all doubt at the beginning, that they mean only "Civil Bill Officer," vulgarly rendered " process-server." This is a genus of the human family towards which the insular Galwegians, as wild in many places still as they were in the days when Grace O'Malley exercised her sovereign rights over them, bear an instinctive antipathy. The gulf chat separates Ormuzo and Abrimanes is not greater than that which gapes between a Clare Inlander and a Crown process-server; and this sentiment is not confined to the adult or male population of the place, but develops itself with phenomenal vigour even amongst the juveniles of that strange terraqueous region. This interesting fact in natural history is strikingly brought to light in tbe experience of Mr. Madden. He went the other day to Clare Island from tbe mainland, carrying with him about sixty processes, a number of poor-law writs, and other stock-in-trade of a like character. On his landing, a deputation of juvenile Clare Islanders waited upon him, and out of their excessive politeness would not allow him to carry a single article of his luggage to his destination. They divested him of his "bageen," as they irreverently styled the receptacle in which the precious documents were stored away, and intimated that his farther stay in the region was unnecessary and might he productive of misunderstanding. On manifesting a desire to explore the interior of this archaic locality, Mr. Madden was informed by a male islander that if he persisted in his intention "his head might be softened," and a stout female islander, armed with a trident, took entire possession of his bag and marched off with it defiantly. Mr. Madden went away, but returned with, a posse of twenty policemen, accompanied by whom he attempted a second landing. But the Roman legions, when they descended upon the coast of Britain, were not met by half as desperate resistance as Mr. Madden and the Peelers. The inhabitants mustered on the beach in great strength and received the invaders with a desperate volley of stones. A party succeeded in landing Mr. Madden in their midst, but were soon surrounded, and in order to preserve their base of communication were obliged to to fix bayonets and cut their way through this strange aboriginal mob. They managed to regain their boats, but the processes are still unpublished in Clare Island, and the inhabitants are jubilant with a strange delight. The traditions of their race are still proudly vindicated and upheld, and the vanity of the law and all its works and pomps defied and derided. Meantime the important subject is to addle the brains of the Castle; so we may be content to wait for further developments. The Connaught Telegraph of 6th April says: "Fifty members of the Royal Irish force, drafted from the different parts of the county, and ten direct from the reserve corps, Phoenix Park depo, commanded by the County Inspector, Mr. Annesley, Sub-Inspector Beeves, and Mr. Blake, R.M., Tuam, left Westport quay at seven o'clock on yesterday morning, on board a gunboat speedily sent round from Galway for the purpose of taking them to Clare Island. There are conflicting rumours as to the provocation given to the Government for such a military display. According to the allegation of the civil bill officer, Mr. William Madden, of Westport, as will be seen by our Quarter Sessions report, when recently on the island, was rather roughly handled by the daughters of Granuaile, and eased of his " bageen" and contents, which were civil bills and collectors' warrants, &c.; Whether the inlanders had cause, real or imaginary, we don't, intend to presume. But they allege that the island has been three times sold and resold within the last twenty years to the detriment of the sturdy inhabitants, who, it must be admitted by all, are a peaceable and peace-loving people, from the fact that they have for the last thirty years paid all lawful debts and demands without the interposition of any military force, and they say they are willing to do so still. There must be something radically wrong in the whole proceeding. The most practical proof is that people who have lived peaceably and settled all their disputes for the last thirty years without having a policeman on the island would not all ol a sudden become so insubordinate if strong provocation was not given them. " KILDARE'S HOLY FANE." {Irish Times.) Among the fluent relics now left us of old Irish architecture is the Kildare Cathedral, which has fallen sadly into disrepair, and, to put the matter shortly, is at the present moment in ruins. We are sincerely glad of having an opportunity of saying a good word in aid of the restoration of one of the grandest old cathedrals in Ireland; and it speaks well for the people of Kildare that they have set to work so energetically, and contributed so liberally, towards its restoration. For upwards of two hundred years it has lain a mass of ruins, and a standing reproach, not only to the people of Kildare, but to the entire country. The spot itself is hallowed by many associations which bring us back to the earliest and purest ages of ecclesiastical history; and the round tower is not only peculiarly national in character, but even now is one of the most perfect extant. The precise date of the building of the cathedral is unknown, though Mr. Street—probably as good an authority on a question of this kind as we could have—places it in the thirteenth century. But, however this may be, we know for certainty that it has been consecrated ground ever since the time of St. Patrick; that it was originally built by St. Bridget, to whom it is dedicated; that it shared the sad fate of so many other Irish buildings of the kind in the Great Rebellion ; and that the choir was reconstructed "on St. Pet. day when I was ordained Deacon, 1686" (Bishop Wilson). Already the people of the diocese have made great progress towards the restoration of their grand old cathedral, but the work is one of great magnitude aud proportionate cost, and they find themselves compelled, much against their will, to ask for assistance beyond their own boundaries in what may he truly called a national work. That assistance, we feel confident, they will receive, and Irishmen of all parties and creeds ought to contribute towards the restoration of a building rendered sacred by the associations of centuries, and thus preserve, ere yet it is too late, one of the few existing monuments of our connection with the past. That the public will respond liberally to this call we have no doubt; and, already, in the persons of Mr. and Miss Trench, who have contributed respectively £500 and £200 towards the £2200 required, we have a splendid instance of public feeling in the matter. We sincerely trust that many more will aid so good a cause in a similar way. INTERDICT ON A HOSPITAL. Considerable indignation has been caused by the treatment of the bodies of those who die in the Galway Workhouse hospital. In the case of a Mrs. Gannon, the chaplain, Father Carolan, writes:—" I found the coffin lying open, with nothing in the form of a human body to be found, but instead a bundle of some disgusting matter." Next day the Rev. Mr. Carolan received the following letter from the Lord Bishop:—" College House, Galway, 23rd March. Dear sir,— Until adequate reparation is made for the shocking outrage on your sacred ministry as chaplain of the Galway workhouse—an outrage which everyone will pronounce to be disgraceful to humanity, putting religion out of the question—you will not, on any account, offer up the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass in the Galway workhouse. Has this been the first time that a similar shocking occurrence, or, as it has been insultingly insinuated in some quarters—a similar mistake—took place in the Galway workhouse ? Are the dependent poor to be repeatedly maltreated with impunity ? Your faithful servant, JOHN M EVILLY." A very unfortunate and horrible affair recently occurred at Galway, Ireland. Two paupers having died in the workhouse, the relatives claimed the body of one, and the other corpse being unclaimed, was given over to the medical school connected with the Queen's College. In removing the remains at night the wrong body was taken and dissected before the blunder was discovered. The relatives came to have the body of their kinsman buried, but only some fragments remained, which were put into a coffin and given to them. While the funeral was proceeding it was remarked that the coffin was light, and the lid having been removed, the truth was discovered. The daughter of the deceased, in the frenzy of her exasperation, took the remains in her apron and flung them at the gate of the workhouse! The excitement and indignation of the people were intense. Bishop E'Evilly, on learning the facts, prohibited the celebration of Mass in the workhouse, and has expressed his intention, if proper reparation be not made, to insist on the medical school of the college being excluded from the workhouse. On 2nd April, an investigation was opened in the Galway workhouse, relative to the scandalous desecration of the dead which was recently brought to light in that establishment, and which has caused the Bishop to place it under an interdict. The guardians have been in the habit of handing unclaimed corpses to the Queen's College for use in the anatomy school. It was proved that the Queen's College porter, who is a man of intemperate habits, came late to the dead-house of the Union, where two coffins were lying, wrenched off the lid of a coffin which had been previously claimed by relatives for burial and took the body away in a hamper to the College, leaving in its place a bundle of intestines. The horrible occurrence was discovered just as the coffin was being lowered into the grave after the burial service had been read. The evidence was to suggest that such occurrences are by no means exceptional. The guardians decided to continue supplying bodies to the College, but under more stringent regulations, and the Catholic chaplain stated that the interdict will be maintained as long as the resolution continues in force. 