?' Miscellaneous. An iNDt^K ' Cause Celebee.'— The j ? Tiffies '(jjalcutta correspondent, telegraph- \ ibg;on .Sunday, says : — Another case of j a sensational character has lately formed the subject of .a judicial investigation at Calcutta. Some natives were battling at a ghaut in the Hopglily, when a body IB was seen floating down tbe river and ? tossing its arms. A cry immediately f arose that the body was possessed of a ghost. A native doctor- who was present [ appealed in vain to' the bystanders to I render assistance, but even the water r men refused the use of their boat?. E With great courage he plunged into the i- water and, with mnch difficulty, brought £he body to land, ft was found to be a r yburgJ wonian, about 24 years of age. £ ' After restoratives had been applied, she C stated' that she had been an invalid for ? tiSnf&'time, that herrelatives had brought ber, stupified, but sensible, to a burning ? ghaut; that fire had been applied to her Alduth -as to that of a corpse ; and that ^ she had been thrust intp the river as if i; clf^'dV , The unfortunate woman was I taken, to an hospital, where, after linger ? - ihg-15' d:ijrs, she died. Her relatives & were' prosecuted, but were acquitted, f; : Caution to Editors. — Editors of ^ fiapers publishing recipes for home aud household use cannot be too explicit in their directions. A man down bouth a few days ago came across the following \- _n-« t0 Cure Chilblains. — Rub the fest / Well for six successive nights with i petroleum.' He was never, unfortu ffl\ 'irately, able to teBt the experiment satis M&.y faotorily. He never got beyond tbe fir«t-euccessive night. Owing to being j .jfe*,; an -bfebitnal smoker, bis feet kft him in kflpfv company with a match- box and three Hp'.' - on the fir6t nigl t of rubbing. Hk . &B;, memory ia much respected. Ear more tfcaia y6u would have anticipated mmlj&i-; liad'^ba 4cdowa bim before be got ruess with petroleum. ' H.B.' (Majorca) says : — ' One very simple plan Pf finding your way when, lost in hillv or undulated country is always togo down hill. By that means you follow the watershed down to the streams or permanent water, where homesteads are. sure to be found if followed far enough. This of course cannot be done in flat countrv. There, if you are on horseback, drop the reins on the horse's neck and let him take you home ; if you are on foot, sit down directly your' head begins to twirl and you are uncertain vhich way to go, and do nothing and, think of nothing for a quarter of an hour, to get your brain straight ; then begin thinking quietly of home, of a leading road or stream, how they run, according to the j points of the .compass, and the direction I you are out-, from . -them.; then, if. the: j wind is blowing, how it blows in relation to them, or, if the sun is shining, how it rises and sets, &c.;, in relation to them. Then, your eyes being shut while : ybii are thinking, set yourself in relation to the sun or wind, facing in the right di rection for home. iS'ow stand up, find out where the sun or wind is, and set yourself in the position you imagined yourself to be in before, and go straight forward, keeping the wind or sun always in that position : then you will have a very good chance of finding your way, although the appearance will be very strong that the wind is blowing- the wrong way, and theiSun has got to the. wrong side of the sky. They . will . come right if you keep on — that is, your head will get right, and enable you to see them in their right places.' A veey amusing episode in one of \ the' last sittings of the French Chamber of Deputies is recorded in a recent continen tal paper. A radical member, who had possession of the tribune, was praising Queen Victoria at the expense of the -French President, Marshal MacMahon. Iu comparing the political conduct of these two great personages, the speaker went onto remark, in reference to the Marshal's projected cou d'etat , that the Queen of England never attempted a ' sixteen' of May,. and added, -'.I, an old republican, whom nobody will suspect of a tendency to royality,may well be alio wad to say that she (Queen Victoria) has done good service to her country in another way — a service that should be a lesson to *the higher classes in our own land. A mother of nine children, she suckled them all at her own breast. Here the orator was interrupted by another mem ber, who cried out, ' But, surely you could not expect 'Marshal Machon to do that.' (Hoars of laugh ter, amidst which the radical deputy sat down). My lady friends, says the London cor respondent of the S.M.Heralil gives me little news from the world of fashions, except that there is .a little more— what shall I say ? a little more reserve in even ing costume. 'I am sorry 'we have seen so lii tie of you lately, Miss M * * ' Ah ! ' replied the artless fair one, ' that's because mamma doesn't like me to wear low dresses.' Speaking from observation as one of the unlearned, I should say thaftl never remember'the time when such variety of dress was visible among the ' upper ten thousand.' Any colour, any material will do, though their preference isfor. strong tints and startling contrasts.- Even as to cut and shape, there is a considerable latitude. I saw, the other day, side by side at Hurlingham, one young lady who expressed every line of her bust in vivid pea-green, and another who wolre .a white great-coat with tbree capes, like a Jarvey of the old time. But trains are indispensable, being too absurd, costly, and inconvenient to be given up. Draggled in wet weather, dust collecting in dry— hampering the movements and. making the mere act of turning round a difficult manoeuvre, they are cherished as the greatest triumph of that dominant sex miscalled the weaker.' But the men, though helpless for direct resistence, know something of milliner's bills, and the triumph dear- bought in more sens^ than one. M. Noble the inventor of dynamite, has recently discovered a new explosive substauce still more explosive than that. He has given it the name of ' explosive gelatine,' on account of its aspect, which closely resembles gelatine. The substance is composed of 94 to 35 per cent of nitro glycerine, and six. or five per cent of collodion mixed together. It is viscous, but can be easily cut with a knife or scis sors and placed in cartridges or shells. The new substauce does not give the least symptom of exudation ; impermeable to water, which does not at all affect its explosive properties. It is inflamed in the same way as dynamite, audits power is' at least 50 per cent, greater. Several nations — notably Italy and Russia — have, it appears, already adopted this sub stance for charging bombs, torpedoes, and mines. In 174-2 Williau Pulteney, who the year before had been one of the most popular patriots of modern times, and distinguished , in Parliament by his powerful opposition to the measures of Walpole's administration, dwindled into the Earl of Bath. Sir Robert Wal'pole, whom he had driven to the helm, laid this snare for him, and Pulteney fell into it. Oil the first meeting of these cele brated men, after their respective falls up stairs, Lord Orford said to Lord Bath, with malicious good humour. ' My Lord, you and I are the two most insignificant fellows in Europe.' Some time since a friar came to a French town in order to preach-a sermon npon a certain occasion. His sermon went off tolerably well, and the friar was hospitably received. The next day, to his great dismay, he was . told that it was a holiday in honor of the patron saint of town, and that all the congregation were assembling in the church in order to listen to the new sermon he was expected to deliver. The poor friar had brought only one sermon with him, and that was already delivered. What was he to do ? He got into the pulpit, and looking very solemnly round the church, 'My brethren;'^ said . he, ' certain malignant persons have said' there was heresy in. the sermon j delivered to you yesterday ; and, in order to show how.; false is this accusation, I propose toLdeliVer it to you all over again.' Luncheon' in Banks.^— It E. is . not generally 'known that at one. bank in London,., luncheon is provided gra tuitously to the entire staff of managers anil clerks. The Baroness Burdett Coutts heard one day of the difficulties attending going out to lunch at Coutts' Bank, aud she at once ordered that a diniugroom should befitted and luncheon served in a becoming style. Fifteen of tbe staff sit down together, and so on until every man in tbe place has par taken of the meal. The clerks calcu late that by this act of kindness od tbe part of the Baroness they save £50 a year out of their salaries, which are liberal. The oldest soldier in France, and the senior of her . Marshals — Baraguey d'Hilliers is dead. He was 83 years of age, and commenced his career under Napoleon I. Despite his advanced age, he was as tall and as strait as a rush, and -wore his frock cock-buttoned to his chin, after the fashion of the First Empire. He entered the army as private dragoon in 1806, and it is that uniform, not that pf Marshal, which has been placed on his coffin. He lost his hand at the battle of Leipsic in 1812. Napoleon punished his father, and this unmerited disgrace made d'Hilliers a Legitimate. The many, excellent qualities Jie possessed were marred by his terrible severities. He. commanded the expeditionary force at Bormasund in 1854, tor which he was made marshal, but in the succeeding Austrian 'War, he made sad blunders, and the useless sacrifice of life was only pardoned by the soldiery for the readiness with which he exposed his own. He was incorruptible, his life abstinence itself. He resigned his command rather than take part in the Coup d'Etat, and told Prince Napoleon, he ' could never bribe a soldier who was happy to live on one sou of milk, and one of bread per day.' His advice was asked by the Emperor at Magenta : ' Sir, when I command, I never solicit council ; and when I obey, I never give it.' Though having only one hand he was an excellent boxer, and his ' stumping'' was peculiarly famous. Cebtaxn statists on the subject of marriage fees, published by- one of the j New York papers, incidentally afford some data on which to gauge the com parative wealth or liberality of bride grooms of various denominations in that city. The ' Episcopal marriage service, with its ricg accompaniment, fine music and poetic and historic attractions, being generally preferred by those who desire to start in life under fashionable auspices.' Episcopalian clergymen probably reap a larger revenue from marriage fees than those of any other Christian denomination. The next largest amount is contributed by the Bomau Catholics, who are exceptionally prompt and liberal in proportion to their means. Th9y are followed by the Methodists, Baptist?, Congregation aliats, and otber Protestant denomina tions in the order of their numbers and wealth. AmoDg the Episcopalians fees of 20 dollars, 50 dollars, and 100 dollars are not uncommon ; and these figures are often exceeded by the offerings of Hebrew bridegrooms. The gratuity offered to a priest at a Roman Catholic wedding usually amounts to 10 dollars, but the'poore8t mechanic gives 5 dollars, so that the aggregate of fees received is high. It is found, at any rate among the members of minor denominations, that the proportionate size of the fee decreases on an average ratio with the wealth of the contracting couples — a man in receipt of an annual income of 1000 dollars being willing to pay 10 dollars, while one with five times as much means objects to' giving 50 dollars, although in the opinion of tbe clergy themselves, 1 per cent of tbe bride groom's income represents the proper amount of tbe marriage fee. In the Protestant 'churche marriage fees are usually considered the perquiste of the minister's wife, who appropriaites them as pin-money. Clover. — In reward to sowing clover, I must say that most of the farmers do not pay enough attention to it. Many of them through this section put their clover in too deep. Now I think the shallower it is put in the better. A great many will sow it when they are sowing wheat and bats. Then it gets two harrowings, which I think is too much. I think the best way is. to sow your small grain, and then, after you hare got it harrowed, sow your clover, then roll it. I think you will not miss many times of having a good stand. — T. D. S. R. in the Prairie Farmer. Fresh and Preserved Meats. — The Fresh and Preserved Meat Agency (Limited) reported on June 6: — Not- withstanding that fresh meat has been dearer during the past month, than at any time for the past forty years, the general sale of preserved meat continues exceedingly small, and (excepting for 6ib. mutton, which has been taken to supply exceptional requirements) prices remain stationary. The imports of fresh meat from America, continue to increase weekly, all arrivals meeting with a ready sale at high prices. The arrival at Havre of the Paraguay from South America, with 5500 carcasses of mutton, has attracted much attention to the freezing process, owing to the exceptional diffi culties which were encountered and suc cessfully overcome. In consequence of a collision off Cape de Verd Islands, the vessel had to put into St. Vincent to undergo heavy repairs, and seven months elapsed from the time the meat was put on board until it was landed. Its con dition was perfectly good, but opinions vary as to its saleable character — D. Tallerman, Manager. ' This suspense will kill me,' as the man said when he was being hung. The peculiarity of the fly is that he always returns to the same spot ; but it is the characteristic of the mosquito that he always returns to another spot. Thus he differs from the leopard, which does not change its spots. This is an im portant fact in natural history. Wheq Jonah .in terrie wed the whale And haunted his internals, As erst it is recorded in The tralhfulest pf journals, What monarch did he symbolize ? ( A far-fetched joke you'H style it) It seems to us he might have been A sort otgaunch's pilot. 