THE NOVELIST. A MODERN MINISTER.* . voLuaiE ii. CHAPTER V. A DBKAM IN MARBLE. . It was down in the London Direct,ory-r-, Gbeville LOVELACE, SCULPTOR. It was a plain, unassuming-looking house, jji a genteel square, west. He was a shaggy, pale, stalwart, man, of restless movement, with a splendid face, and the brow of an idealist arid poet. Artist and poet both, in colourless marvel. Everyone knew him by sight, pronounced' him eccentric, and stared, as Is the custom of ^Hiswindows were admired, nevertheless; his flowers, and ferns, and lace, and bijou elegancies brought from Florence; were of a type of taste altogether unconventional. He had the credit of it all, for they knew there was no Mrs. Lovelace in the background; they thought that rather a pity, as he gave them the idea of a man who required talcing care of. Within he had a superb house, and people were satisfied that he lived the life of the dog in the manger. Somewhere in the house, it was known, was an atelier, filled with such studies as duchesses raved about and schemed, but generally failed to secure, for Greville Love face chiselled for love, not wealth, of which he had abundance; nor fame, which he rated at the price of cheap champagne. Yes, eccentric, the gossips thought; of an isolated turn of mind; and, as the spirit of dwelling apart is one of dead fashion, the tea-table verdict resolved itself " an un doubted genius, but peculiar.". Society saw Mr. Lovelace in the season at two or three leading houses where one meets everybody; but he infinitely preferred not going out at all, while people calling to see him troubled him more than a little. Upon certain counts Mr. Lovelace was a lion, and everybody made a point of sending him the tiny perfumed compliment, although a refusal was invariably the result. Still, when the mood took him, Mr. Lovelace, sculptor, strolled through the rooms once, with a bow here, a gracious smile there, ana the never absent composure more becoming than a coronet. He had written a volume of poems : rather good, somebody said; another body said there was nothing in it; the majority of people could not understand it; one coterie searched industriously for its political sig nificance-he hated politics like the pest; an old maiden lady, whose one living hope it was to have her weird curls reproduced m stone, startled her intimate friends by pronouncing the book " A Revelation!" What with these and the critics-who, although he had never sent out a copy, reviewed the work, -and politely declared the writer mad as poor' Slake-Mr. Lovelace rather regretted having printed those choice, chaste thoughts. He Tecalled every copy? from the bookshops; went out in an old brown coat, and bought up his own books with indefatigable perse verance; locked them all in a strong cup board, and thenceforth avoided that track like a snake's nest. He had spent 20 years upon that book, shaping, moulding, making it sculpturesque, until, when it became so ideal it even pleased Ms exquisite taste, he permitted the launch ; and then to hear the clatter at the distance over the five minhtes' reading, and the -grotesque decision upon his.idyls dead and unknown! This man had been so long softening stone to pathos he was of finer marl himselrheart wards-one of the sensitive -Bott, whoni the brusque schoolwould call a fobl. lived a . double life-one of fine breeding and'+fue i oourtesy, as ahEngliBh' gentleman:; the'other half music, half poetry--alone with his ideate in the cold and' stately world of atone. j More enthusiastic men, -with souls like ! foiling kettles, had rushed off to Rome and Athens, while he was behind and alone in the dull square, the dim, shadow-wreathed studio, the quiet-house where only the old housekeeper and the grave servants made cat-like echoes. He did not envy the ehthltr I siasts, he did not care; cities were a bore to* I him, the travelling world a menagerie. In his younger days he had travelled, but qeen. little in anything save sham, had returned.^ his lifeless progeny more in love with thejE* white limb rhythm, and passionless, ex-.' quisite faces, than ever. . People had plotted finely to obtain the ?entrie to his studio, but he was rather nice in this matter, and without being rude, con trived to decline the honour of these little nose-poking explorations; so they turned to and called him " A Bear!" Other epithets also in plenty. Young ladies, sentimentally inclined, named him Phidias, and would have eaten the chips from the rich man's chisel. Elderly ladies cajled him. Pygmalion, and twined their lithe angles caressingly as, thinking of the sweet conceit of their shape liness in marble, they tumbled into bed. He was Zanoni, Manfred, Aram; and, when not at home to visitors, , Lucifer! . His composure under aUthis-for somehow it all came back to him-was characteristic: sometimes a .half contemptuous smile arid low word to the fairest of his creations, that was all; and still keeping to work, feature by feature and limb Dy limb, the dazzling studies crowding the little gallery, until it be came difficult to pass without hurting the "dignity of one or another of them. In the atelier he was peculiar also. The walls were draped with the richest, blackest velvet, his figures reposed on the same dense sable; folds of itfonried the background to othere; the floor wajj of blackglazedtiles; such a veritable black irid white world never fras seen: the foil to the splendid parity, of his family waa perfect He did .all cently, artisfteally, withneyeradescent fcom the loftiest standardof.purify,'frdm snow-' <woptime tolatestroses. ? Where we should have beeh upon fchefidgefc this insensible old. Greek was atony &s; lne> rest. Always in the midst of the IdeaJfcfed human it was jio ino^e to him. than to' an anatomical student iri Hie weWmtweups at Berim. One day Greville Lov? ~ >>y surprise :a. new afetviaht-c of impropriety.' 'TK&t; to commit errpr of iu< occaaionshe * wh o mis took tod wanted h, green. r Another " JjPon this, domestic: T«nyjthaia( ®^dof »'Titan.,Tii-.vci , Take it alt <ud not'loro*, cordially «oitwa* Whi whbiiint .Wok! s.'.j Waal a .tribe '6* i til. 'w ent; upon ahother " ilnffyotuv^faimer astonemason, for'Keni&l; Mr< .LoveiaQecame hthe drfHeal* . U'hi/r-i ill ,theg®ntiemaa *culpiot aom«i metaberah® OQ0I mpilika a / His tenderness was wonderful neverthe less, and hiB charity exceeded the tenderness. The poor, the sick, the sorrowing, and those having no friend in all the wide waste of : faces,"these could testify to that we need not make public, since he desired the death of' each good act the moment born. All one night he had sat with the old ! mother of the man from whom he bbught his ? stone,, bought it dear, for there was a struggle ; to live in the smaU house by the marble-yard; they of the quarries monopolising the trade. The man was away in the stone country when , Lovelace called, and his mother taken ill | since he went, the girl said: the old lady lay. a-moaning for her son when the sculptor en tered, as cold but so different to those of his usual handling, he spoke soothingly and with more than the tenderness of sonship. He hadj once, an old mother himself, before I hia fossil days. | Another time he saw an old man drop at a crossing, from hunger, fatigue, or some- I ? thingj quite one of the vulgar ailments, and | the civilised crowd were-kicking him aside pending removal by the police. With one of his great, serious strides, however, he was by, liad the unfortunate man lifted to his carriage, and drove to a quiet, clean lodging, where he kept the old man until he was quite restored. ,. These acts were talked of, they lived their , little day, and died under the great London sky, remembered least of all by him.. People next door thought Mr. Lovelace might have walked occasionally, in the .back garden. They would have ogled him from 1 behind the dimity, and have stared as they stared on Sundays at the bear. But the ; anchorite never stirred out there, he knew each of the prim windows with its netting of pompons represented that useful but to him singularly objectionable article- the human eye. People either side were not in the least curious, but would have just liked to know whether he locked his tea-caddy, where his washing was done, what were the antecedents of his housekeeper; was there a crest on the plate or simply initials; were his manners morose, did he keep a cat, had he ever been engaged, was he addicted to intemperance, ana other highly important social items of which calendar iskejit on all sides of us. The girls were set to do it over the broomsticks, but making 110 progress went indoors, and painted him very black indeed. And the subject of it all, adamant. Sublime in the dim and dreamy atelier, over a nostril that breathed fire below the snow, a mouth that wreathed like the innermost curve of the water lily. And the solicitous-were not interested, but he really ought to marry; he would soon be cured of all that (the traits as retailed). One day an advertisement appeared in the papers: ' To Parents and Guardians.-A refined and well-educated youth of unexceptionable respectability can be received in the house of a gentleman sculptor as an apprentice. No premium required. Apply personally at 27 Monmouth-road, Islington, between the hours of 11 and 1 on Tuesday next." The sculptor at times experienced a great yearning for something the eye could rest upon, when lifted from the wintry beauty of the atelier, something that should be warm sunny, of equal beauty if that could be, but the beauty of living and loving youth; some other music than the endless majesty of the ring of steel on stone-a voice youthful and sweet, attuned to the devotion of eye. Was this to be found he wondered? With his fine artist-sense, beauty only of the highest order, and grace to parallel that beauty, dare hope for welcome in the sacred precincts of that chamber. For gentleness he would have had a girl, made boy by garb, but this'in > London squares is delicate, and he hoped to "find one as fair, thrice constant, ampng the flower-like of his sex. When Mr. Lovelace arrived at Islington; where he had arranged to' meet the appli cants, an unexpected reception awaited him. It seemed, indeed, as though the parents and guardiar^ of J^onaon had united to offer him ovation> The hospitality of the people of the house had been sorely taxed, and. refined youth w#re stowed away with the dams in every niche but "the coal-hole. Spite of which the review Vas of the plain school, mediocrity "was upon the face of it. An ordinary roan' might have picked from this hpftliiuufr lot and returned thanks, but fas |.tytwus to a point, the artiBt's whole soul rebelled at the outrage, the bare thought offended his esthetics of beauty. He dis liked a narrow brow in boyhood, and differed upon principle from socket- eyes; warm coloured hair was an aversion, and freckles, pimples, and such small fry significant as a board with " No Trespassing; as though he would find the lily purity of nis own! He affected the courtesy of inspecting the popu lation, and came off the ground with ghastly recollections. One had & cast in the eye, the second a twitch at the trousers, another a horrible boldness of look that would have played the dickens in the studio; if the nose was right it waa red, and if the mouth was red it was cavernousJ Here the hands were coarse and thick, there the ears overlapped upon elephant plan. A charming smile was broken to bits of its sunshine by irregular teeth; where there was beauty there was 110 refinement,'and gentle manners were accom panied by ornament that would have failed of success at the ^Masque of Venice. He dis missed the lot, paid the expenses of such as had come long distances; and it was asto nishing how many lived the country; and departed, with the conviction that adver tising was humbug. The assembly retreated like out- patients from a hospital. Now comes the atone merchant with whom he dealt, upon the scene-with diffidence; he knew a gentle ltid-the best boy of his Sunday-school-in service as a doctor's page, but who wogld be glad, to change the life; and above all for this, his father having been a sculptor, and the boy's thoughts having long turned in the direction of the art. He believed Mr. Lovelace wonld be yery pleased, and he was sure the boy was apt and willing. Should he send to> him, Jthat it might be seen if anything could be done? ; The sculptor had narrated his experience and his want, and the;kind and grateful man hadiieard his patron's atory without a smile; he lei* for-.him-, in the majestic loneliness, and revolVBd a planof two. but came back to his scholar ?with: t)ie .fairyQung face and gentle .manners1; u »' .< ]: Mr. JU>v$»oe beard ;*t <^utedt<^' fcj.a a -itni £S;J' i'.O iii iliiiiiii -OifUii *i it In jrereirfe over his ftiend &il;»on'# *! Ctlpik and Psyche," of which the Art Journal had said in 1849, " The divine, ardent boy-the tender, innocent girl, riot yet translated to the heaven she bought bo dearly,"-and shortly afterwards tarried from Mb taping with tiny mallet Mid chisel, at sound of a little cough, to where there stood blushing at the threshold the original of the picture, cap in hand and hesitating; for the domestic, even yfet untamed, had failed to announce the pretty-headed stranger. He stood there like a prince at bay in a lairy Story, yet melting to capitulate; the sculptor enjoying the de licious confusion with all his mind oh rack how to turn it to account. Perhaps he had looked up rather indiffer ently, prepared for another of the young of the Huns, and this had come as a surprise, when his large, piercing eyes went swift from thewhitetotnefacelikeaflower,with theraven velvet for a frame and a foil: its fresh young beauty and blushes took him all by storm, and his artist soul gaye in<at once; he spoke kindly and gently as the boy came forward with that deference bo engaging in the young, with quick perception taking to the man whom, albeithe thought him king-like, he was not so very much afraid of after all; and they were friends forthwith. _ TJhpn in spite of his nicety Greville Love lace was not so hard to please! Nay, but this boy seemed all that the most exacting of idealists could have yearned for. We cannot account, for the greater beauty of this than other boys, unless it was that the mother, herself a sculptor's wife and all her days gazing on the Greek, had imbibed so much of its beauty that this sequel was natural^ Any way there he was, and Lovelace quivered lest he had come to say he would not like a sculptor's life. Thus we do plague ourselves delightfully. He was carelessly brushing aside the chips and flakes, and dallying with the chisel, sole bit of lustre in the gruesome chamber. , , " So, sir, you think you would like to be a scnlptor ? You will find it dull dry work! And there are wine and spirit stores your I father can apprentice you to, of picture shops with something ever pleasing to the eye, and the gaudy mercers with _ their silks and velvets, and pretty girls tripping in and out. It is well to weigh these things, you will find it very dull and quiet here, and myself-I am ho pleasant companion, cross and taciturn. You see, I am candid with you !" He stooped to adjust a fold of velvet, craning his ears to catch the answer, and hearing nothing, looked up stern and frown ing. He was en d6sluibill6, and very bear like that morning, with the shaggy hair dis hevelled, and the coarse, grey working gown ? untied at the cord; all was out of fashion, and that forbidding frown was very chilling. The boy came up to the form of iron, side by side with the cold blocks, and- laid a warm, small hand in his. The sculptor would not let it be seen but he felt thrilled. to the heart whilst he clasped the soft texture so con fidingly entrusted to his keeping. "Inave come to stay, if you will have me! the boy said, simply. The sculptor led him into another room and placed milk and biscuits before his guest with a perfect courtliness that might nave amused the etiquette-mongers. It was a tasteful chamber, bizarre and original, With all sorts of gem trifles, and cunning work in ivory and alabaster and bronze; with studies from or by the great Canova, and some of Flaxman's lovely work, and Westmacott's sublime Greek " Euphro srne." Over the mantel, itself a work of wondrous art, forming a plain, spotless pageant of the glory of the ParthenonMetopes, was a portrait in oils of the matchless Dane, Thorwaldsen. Upon a tiny table of malachite one Bmall bust surnamed the " Morning Star," a child in tera-cotta, one of Christian Rauch's sweet idyls : and two other children by Mrs. Thorneycroft upon marqueterie of fabulous value. No old paintings, or paint ings of any sort for that matter, save the Dane's "head above the mantel; .no old china, no antique wood carving or old furniture, no illumination -and excess of elaborate orna mental work; no bric-a-brac or virtu, or exquisite Italian craftsmanship; Mr. Love lace did not make these a hobby, and dispensed their equivalent amongst his poor; but all else was so. good, so chaste, and for the most part so classic, the absence of the stereotyped modern interior was unnoticed. Those bronze " Hours leading the Horses of the Sun" were of infinite -beauty, and alone transfixed the eye, so much so that the well worn carpet passed unnoticed, and the dingy suite of faded splendour (obtained long since to please the eye of a heartless Circe, the sole piece of his marble treasures to which had happened accident) was pardoned or politely looked over, as we cannot pardon or politely look over anything. Upon a slender tapering pedestal was a vase, graceful as a lily-cup, wrought by Cellini's delicate hand. Further, some crude but promising 'work of his own, done in boyhood when a student in the Via della Fontanella, and flushed with inspiration; he loved the work for old time s sake, the clouds were all so rosy and so golden then; later hiB heart had been keeping rhythm with this colder land; the outcome of adherenoe to Art, maybe. Perhaps one would have felt relieved by a few Cupids and Nymphs,, or even those Nereids ana Tritons Rubens has disposed with the shells in his harbour i .it. is possible the owner himself had come ,to tire of the change less repose and beautiful dignity meeting the eye at every turn throughout his house; cer tainly his eye this day rested with ill dis guised pleasure upon the curl-pated urchin nibbling at the biscuitB, not fourteen years at most; and there were studies of 14 centuries; he had been living so very much back in the periods. He watched the boy's admiring glance with interest, first at amaguiticent copy of Ghiberti's bassi-relievi which adorn those gates of the Florentine Baptistry, of which Michael Angelo s&id; they were worthy to he the gates of Paradise; from this to re productions of WiChmanft, the able German: to specimens of rare Etrtuia, and bronzes of Perugia; to one of Hiram Power's beauties in statuary porcelain, and a group by Theed; resting finally.,on Chanter's " Sleeping Children," at which he Btiredhard over the milk tumbler. Then back to the atelier ; and under the fair, clear Jightwhere his eminence worked, the beautycame opt in,finer detail { am the -sculptor lookpfl ^apout him with: a vacant gaze, .aB1 the consummate art seemed wanting* ,iri_ . ;swm©d suddenly imperfect.,; It was .colour, And life, ^And wiije ih? the graft and ideals ui.the fgtone, the bor walked round with reverent softness, ajud he arrived first, for young sir had been loitering on die way. Ana the deed w&B;' drawn that day, and the blushing boy w^a made a sculptor. Mr. Lovelace did not set him bweeping up ,the chips Or polishing his implements, bitt topk him as something dearer: disciple, pupil, friend; of a tttith he began thus late to learn-' the lesson of all living/that hearts vjill cling, that souls will make idols, other than or stoife and ivdry. . Of course the child loved him; all -with whom he came in intimate contact did' that, and far too truthful to conceal his gratitude. , the motherless boy gave him such wealth of' | hourly affection, Greville was well-nigh beBide himself. It was new and unexpected, and caught him in tender and sensitive chambers, making him captive both heart and souL The boy never presumed; never offended; was ever respectful, and invariably delicate. So the face grew to be a charm in the room, and seemed to warm the stately troupe to sympathy. At his work the scnlptor would look up to where the beauty shone within the vista of his marble; his eye would wander to the black to rest, then back to the beauty again, while a proua, pleased, satisfied smile played to the thought of the prize he had caught. There was much quiet enjoyment derived of the one fact of its being so simply his own. No running about streets for wanton eyes of stranger girls to rob the treasure. Nobody ever taking the atelier in with the round of morning calls, or if BO, the boy was sent to another chamber. A jealous guardian of his fair young change he became indeed, and took right watchful care of this companion of his 8<Mitude. The boy had no desire to stray; liberty was his, had he cared to take it, but the servitude was a very joy, and the life a realized, fond hope. That the education should not falter, the guardian carried it forward, and developed every good talent by moral teaching. The classics, and the charms of history, be came the pleasant converse at the work, and their leisure was devoted to the loftiest reading in the languages. It was a dan gerous age, and peculiarly susceptible nature, but the mentor steered with admirable dis cretion, and all his pains bade fair to mould a character of inestimable qualities. One trait alone was worthy of the super-tact bestowed -the whole- hearted undivided love it yielded. This was a never-ending charm; the love was a beautiful devotion. The sculptor's life is the life of still passion. The art-sliapixig poetry of marble is one of rare sensitiveness-to beauty of form or of character. And these men think much re flectively ; with a deal of quiet, deep intensity. The embodied thought that has peopled our houses and temples, our grounds and cities, with a pale, chaste, lovely race that, un changeable, seems to mock our imperfect humanity, has written a language of sensitive ness that earth will never willingly let die. " Had Raphael handled the chisel," says Lamartine, "he might have created a Psyche of Canova." But as a fact it is not every man's property-model, this classic ideal of the soul.. Greville Lovelace attempted a Psyche, and never artist went to the work with more devout ardour, but the block was barren, and the substitute would have served equally for one of Charles's beauties. He lived a life of homage to the Rhodian art, while his apprehension of the poetry in the antique was perfect, yet was he incom petent to render the spiritual head for over expression of the physical- This had an noyed him, the feeling now became merged in involuntaryism, the face of his boy stole forth in the grouping, and the youthful beauty became ideal in the atelier. Other men might crowd their galleries with those who, as Pope has written: Heroes in animated marble frown, And legislators seem to think in stone but his desire was of an infinitely more tender type, and the sensitiveness to the love gave shape to the thought; his boy came out in the pure, colourless form around. Unknown to himself he got fashioning it when he thought to do a Cupid, or a Mercury, and the long mornings saw quite a succession of these unconscious copies, until a stranger coming in would have read the story of the sculptor's love fully illustrated by its ideal artist. Now somewhere, in years gone by, Mr. Lovelace had seen a splendid Paul, from Bernardin de St. Pierre's romance; and he set him to carve of stone another Paul, that, it seemed, if only by reason of the model, should exceed in beauty the one remaining as vivid upon his memory as when beheld. So, the boy bared to the breast, beautiful curls all a tangle, loaded with flowers and ferns, and supposed to be lifting Virginia across the stream, became the next fine work in the studio ; and this gave sublime promise; the great sculptor would eclipse himself! But the thing came out in mistake. Soul, ideality, beauty, were upon the execution, yet the study was imperfect, it was more than lifeless, for that it lacked companionship. Then the sculptor bethought him. As beau teous a Virginia, as graceful, and what life might not the study achieve! But where was the girl whose comeliness would parallel this boy's, or make a mate for such a Paul ? Then he remembered a sister, worldly and wise, who had wedded a banker; not for love but the bank. A fair girl had come of it, turned at this time of twelve strong, healthy years. He did not believe in sisters, save in stone; and there had been little kin ship ; but once they had allowed his niece to do duly of courtesy, and stay awhile at the lonely man's large house. As he was not skilled in amusing little girls, the visit was a failure, and she went home declaring she would never go again; the white things had frightened her and made her dream of ghosts, ana the grim, echoing corridors had caused her many a scare. Well, then, as she grew, older, the sister, who like most wealthi wedded folk, was a bit of a prude, thought it better not; there was something rude; some thing improper, about the idea of a house full of nude figures; not quite the school for a banker's daughter; besides, Greville was so peculiar! Thus it came about that he and his niece were almost strangers. But he wrote such a touching and uncle-like letter, and he mast by this nave jmfc by so much, to qay nothing of her befog now a competent judge of good and of evil ; so she ,was.p«v mitted to visit, with special injunctions pn behaviour and* bell&t; lettrts, and ^lirectidns not to look at the statuary when any on^ waa present. J The boy loekedshy at fiisL did hot baK like tins inroad,. or approv.e the baisteijWi& *n1rth Rmfayit'thft quiet one*,; bat Ote- unclfe was verjlclever; and what hfc jtas about; »» frould mlbmit toalitfla aanoyaripft for^si^Gf , ujj&jihft; i'.ti, -i all 53? vd V.'ii r.uiuu) mo'h'i intyrbi was not quite at ease, and piti4dU$faja, and' was doubly kind; seeing which the g«i* would glide up and woo his , dark eyes to smiles, looking hard to; his soul with her In §ieBetonc^toek the ifrdf, were placedtnt tableau, arms and shoulders' fairaiia bare as the company. Thegirldidnotmittdiforsjie; want&J; to ate my lord without 'His jacket: but he blushed fetid trembled, tofche^hihlcpf-' steel on stone; . '. . 1 r The' clever ' sculptor worked away' de lightedly, inbst innocent of the three,, tossing! hw head back ever tod anon to new the progress, and^ven thus sparing- iadmiration' tor his boy, who itmustbe'confessed liadj never looked more 'handsome, fretting un easily as Borne, lion-cub in leash. Lovelace," who was more Gr?pk than Skxon in the atelier, may have recalled the ' youthful' ministers to Jupiter in the Temple . of* iEgiurn, Archai, who were all receivers of prizes for their beauty ;jand'these boy con tests were some of the most interesting estab lished by the beauty-loving Greek. The youthful prieBts of the Ismenian Apollo were likewise chosen for this possession. A fcraver record is extant (Paus. ix. 10, 22; vii. 24) of' the wondrous loveliness of the boys who took part in the procession of Mercury at Tanagra. To such excess was this adoration of the human beautiful carried, the Thebans had a law which subjected artists to disgrace who represented objects less beautiful thi^n. they were in reality (^Elian, Far. iv. 4). Thus grouped, the beautiful children pre sented a picture of rare poetry, and a tender ness of design in perfect harmony with the: theme. Well might the pair have stood for that superb piece "The Birth of the Rose," taken from one of the few lyrics handed down to us from|the Lesbian, in which, "The Rose " Sappho sings, "Oh, Jupiter if thou de sirest to give a Queen to the flowers, a throne to Beauty, I recommend thee the Rose, daughter of thy first love!" The sculptor should have attained by this to matchless excellence over one at least of his models, seeing the exquiBite repetition of that face." Yet the work seemed strangely difficult. He had selected a block of his purest stone, from the vineyard-crested quarry between Massa and Carrara, pure and dazzling, of the finest grain, as befitted this the exquisite crowning work of his studio: no veins, or blue-grey spots, or streaks of yellow, the common finding in the stone, but surely the crystal flower of that duchy in the west. Even the ancient Parian-warm,. creamy, sensuous : or the grey-white majesty of block from Mount Pentelicus-alas! ex hausted, but thus rendering the world's academy thrice valuable-was not more chaste. What was now wanting, when ob jects and material were not to be surpassed ? The boy had to support Virginia, so long it time that he plucked up courage and glanced aslant upon his burden, and all in a flash a new light shone in his eyes and upon his face; it was instant, but it was lighting of fire upon the altar; the sculptor caught that - glow, and with it the inspiration of his theme; and the boy caught the sculptor's absorbed glance, and his eyes drooped. The girl made a grimace at the boy, and asked er uncle for a sponge-cake ! It broke the rhapsody, and the sculptor ceased for the day. But on the morrow it was repeated, and every day until the time allotted for her stay came to its end. Boy and girl were both dull that last day together; and the mighty artificer came upon some whispering behind the snowy statuary, but was so enraptured with his work be took no notice. He bade his niece adieu with courtly quietnesss, giving her a sovereign for sweets. All day he worked away, scarcely miaainpr the child; but then he had his boy, whose lovely face yet thrilled the room with warmth, and light and colour. Still it struck him the tone and tint and hue was a trifle quieter; he. placed to the. credifcof the white ones, whose dead, calm flitter was of course reflected upon his face. Next day at break fast Mrs. Housekeeper came to him to say young master had the headache; she had taken him tea, and he would come down* stairs after breakfast. Mr. Lovelace sat roasting his toes and reading something about the transit of planets, until, enter the boy, when the grave-faced looked up with a happy smile and gave him welcome, bidding him sit beside the fire; and, remarking the paleness, said the confinement was telling upon him, and he must get out more. They would have the carriage,- and go to a morn ing performance at the theatre-anything to restore roses to that face. Midst of which . came post-rap, and a letter from the nieoe, to say she had arrived home safely (he knew that, for one of his servants had accompanied her), and how much she had enjoyed the visit; a tiny flower dropping unseen by uncle, whd did not believe in nieces., And when he turned round to address his boy again the colour had returned, and he felt glad he had proposed that holiday, and just stepped up^ to take a peep at the troupe while the boy . swooped to find the flower on .the carpet.. They had the holiday* and on the day that followed returned to the atelier. He had set his heart on a piece he would call THE DREAM, and the boy would counterfeit slumber,. the attitude one of rest. There would be no strain on his strength- for that, and the sculptor planned in his soul a masterpiece of poem-like work. Day after day he wrought at it, and splendidly it grew beneath the in spiring touch ; but, somehow, when lie eame to the face and, brow, and .down-closed eyes, and sweet-shaped temples, and all contour of the soul-part, he could not translate the life into slumber nor the slumber into life; his cunning was, all, at, fault, his grand Hellenic craft a myth; lie could not limit the boy'a soul to the marble, for the soul was no lohgep there; it wandered with. the girl who d flashed like a star, but,had taken his young fresh lpve in her wake. . The sculptor tapped his chisel, and wondered why the DREAM would notvome forthl.ltiras no mors than block, ', despite tike bfimty and the youth; he spoke kindly ta.his model; he was to think pleasant things-of tfaiiagB.li* loved tthus said .the sculptoftosltfei a.wtt&ftedi; smile, thinking of self, you ans*-<* -came ;'. he. w»it.: 4oIth®jcd6«|ir andi foujad-r-the model h«4 * " " ' i% tight-down, earnest to lu«»8elfrefle«tiv6lS'; toRiwulating the | : iftgw^wamswaal But now Mr. Gievj : %'wflil, anpa%i chamber^-thsiwh' the.] Ml <\ w then -i- that lion before the ' dismantled pedestal melting all on the sudden, falling upon his knees with clasped hands jnat below the marble Paul, while the passionate cry betrayed the bruised anguish of a life " My God, not even this, but it is lost! Is there nothing human it is safe to love?" " Yes!" murmured a little voice, and he looked swiftly up, to where beside him tearful beauty stood all eager to embrace him. Why, it was sweeter idyl than all his marble dreams, and, looking from the chaste copy to the boy, he took the hand half sadly. "Our love of these, my dear, can never suffer, love them as we may." "But then cannot love back," whispered the little one, very tenderly. Then, seeing his friend looking strangely upon the broken fragments, " It is broken," and he drew the troubled face down and kissed it. The sculptor understood. After that, Mr. Lovelace attempted no more grouping. It was sculpture still, but alone. It was Adonai, son of the Star-beam; Mercury, nurseling of Seasons; Hyacinth, the splendour of Flowers; Empedoclea, the girl-boy ideal of old transmigration ; Endy mion, whose beautiful sleep on Latmos won Diana from the chase; and other classic youth, as beautiful and famous; but it was always ALONE. And the sculptor found his joy herein. That white world with its exquisite realism was all-Bufficieiifc. He had in past times known the mighty longing for the vast which comes once in a way to such ; for breadth sufficient for the soul, wide spaces and open tracks, great shining seas, illimitable plateaus and mountain summits piercing fleecy clouds, broad forests, far stretches of verdant prairie, shores and sloping downs, heaths and wide odorous commons, clouds and blue spans, space-space-space; the cry had been " Room ! Give me room! Give loneliness and air f' But not now; there was content at last And it is astonishing the little room, small space, demanded by the soul when some thing is found to love. Verily it is contented with a nutshell with that love for kernel. So much for the finite, which abandons its vast yearnings, its soaring unto breadth, and uprising into azure, for little wall-girt bounds that seem for some idol of clay a complete paradise. And the boy loved the life, so chaste and still, save for that ring of 6teel on stone; loved the white world into which he had glided as by spells woven of phantasy; learned of his friend the language of the grander day; grew splendidly pensive, and felt the poetiy of which his soul was full pervade his life with its calm seclusion; and he was happy as never before. Sometimes he thought of a father whose young gifted life spent upon this thing had burnt itself out with feverish brilliancy in a foreign land ; of his mother, of whom he had seen so little, and whom he would not now even know, but who was beautiful, too beautiful, and whose love of the theatre ruined his father's happiness. And more often than of these he thought of his grand father, loved with a love passing the love of boyhood. .CHAPTER VI. LADY FLORA. One morning in November, Lady Ellerby I returning from her drive, called upon Lady Comdarlmgton. The Countess was at home, and sincerely pleased to see her friend. After the compliments-"I understand, my love, you have been to hear our minister; I am dying to know what you think of him ?" Lady Flora looked grave, a deeper colour dyeing the lovely face. " I scarcely know how to put into words the opinion I have privately formed to myself. Frank, as you know, is enraptured-" " Yes, but what do you think of him ? Lord Ellerby is a great art-critic, a most adequate and accomplished judge of beauty, but when it comes to ministers of the Gospel, I value your own opinion more highly-1 know yon to be ultrafastidions!" " " Oh, I don't think so; before marriage my life was so very secluded, I positively had no opportunity of gratifying my fondness for at tending the ministry of our best preachers. I have formed an opinion certainly," added the speaker modestly, ''but it is of little moment-" " Yes, dear-nowdo let me hear it ?" " Weil, to confess, he realises my concep tions of goodness-of culture-of refine ment !" " In other words you think him a darling!" " Hush, dear! Not quite the term." " Bless you, the Earl always hears me call him that, quite looks for it, I assure you." "I have not got into the way of such familiar phrasing, nor do I think it pretty." " Goodness, Flora! I hope you are not going to become a prude, and forswear words of affection. Ah! I understand, you preserve these for your husband!" "The proper person, I should imagine." And Lady Flora's exquisitely pure face was lighted up with enthusiasm kindled by her Ipve. " Yes; I do so admire your sentiments, they are new to me; I don't know whether old-fashioned, or new-fashioned, they are i certainly new to me. But I am glad you called, I was wanting to see you." "Toseeme?" "Yes, I want yon to tell me about this] prcUgie of Lord Ellerby's; who iB she ?" Lady Flora looked rather bewildered. " 11 don't know what you mean, dear i" "No, I suspected it, then I ought not to I tell you! If I were torn to nieces by wild | horses, not a whisper should escape me likely to mar the happiness of a newly married pair like your pet of a self and your darling of a husband ; as I said to Lady Pepper, ' these things are best found out alone. *' -? -With startled look- the young wife rose from her chair, ahdcrossingto the Countess, . .afc.dcwn beside her upon the couch. Whatis this, dear? Tell toe, what do jr«m mean?" "Hon. Mrs/Glover and Hiss I v" ®16 see, do you knowihem? No; I thinkl?^mysaid she did not know you; Any way, they aive ftt Kensington* you are dsMj Driving the "other morning. ' "No, I don't!" said Lady Flora simply. " Well, BO much the better ; but you will do! As to tryinjg to keep a handsome fellow in like your darling of a husband, it can't be done. Lived in Paris too 1 Spoil any mail!" "But what is it, dear?" asked her lady ship, becoming seriously alarmed. ' Nothing, my dear child, I do assure you nothing!/They are all alike, you are no worse off than I was, and we make up for it by adoring some darling of a fellow like this Garland, all tenderness, all sympathy. When one's husband takes to driving pretty models about the town it is high time to look for sympathy; at least I think so, and you know I am not one of what you may call the advanced Bchool!" Gradually something wonderfully ^horrible was dawning upon the young wife's mind. Lady Comdarlington's motives were harmless in the extreme, she was but faithful to ner instincts. But this rendered the conununica tion none the less hurtful to her innocent friend. She turned with infinite astonish ment and pain to the Countess for an expla nation. "Well, I had it of Miss Glover, you know; quite an exceptional thing for Dear Fanny to see or know anything! But it is as Lady Pepper said to me this very day, ' It is not for well-wishers to make mischief!' Ah! its & wicked world, a delightfully wicked world, my love, but what are we to do ? One can't get out of it, that's certain, and yet to re main in it is fraught with so much peril; the men are so naughty, but your darling of a husband is a regular rogue. So sly of him! And you really didn't know of it? But of course you did not, you are so unsuspecting, and yet I almost wonder how it is you never objected to his being so much away from ^ Flora felt as though a good cry would be a relief, but she was not going to give way if she could help it, for this charming Countess to entertain her friends withal. " Frank has been away some few days, but I know he has a studio near town, and when taken with one of his painting fits he retires thither, he tells me, until it is over; you will admit to good purpose." And the devoted young wife even at that moment thought proudly of his lordship's paintings. "This sort of retirement gives men too easy facility for the indulgence of their hobbies! Comdarlington wanted to retire in the same way-only not the same plea; billiards or something in that line; but no, thank you! I kept close in Comdarlington's shadow, and the consequence is the Earl has been wonderfully good. It was I who trained him to love his church, and now look at him! When do we miss ? Why, my child, we even go upon Christmas Day!" Flora bowed her head before this august admission, feeling sadly without the pale; sometimes she had not been on Sundays. " But your ladyship has not yet told me what all this is about." " Coming to the point immediately, dear, is so essentially a business qualification I do not study its principles, besides it's brutal and low; but I will be candid, I will indeed, and, if I pain your feelings, don't blame me, blame my candour. Yon must know that Lord EUerby drives out with a most lovely creature, quite young, younger than yourself; pays this young ana lovely creature marked attentions ; is keeping this young and lovely creature at his studio; now is it correct ? That's retirement from the world! Of a truth I don't know when they are naughtiest, in the world or out of it! Take my word for it. Flora, the sole confidence is the Church." Yes, she was even thinking of that man with the wondrous pityj him whose every word vibrated with his intensity of feeling. She did not know whom to turn to in this hour of trial, she only knew people of the Comdarlington order^ and their _ compli mentary commiseration but pained the deeper. She was sitting so forlorn and so unlike her usual self the countess kindly took the small hand in hers, saying " Do not let this trouble you, it will all come right, I dare say. These artist-gentle men, you Know, do take a fancy now and then to some striking face which-looks well upon their canvas; but, bless me, if it was a serious matter, what imbroglios it would entangle them in!" " I am much obliged for all your ladyship has told me; possibly it.is as you say: but I am sure my husband will-tell me aU when he returns: till then I have faith in him I" " Dear child!" murmured the countess, supremely affected, adding " Of course you will not mention my name, nor dear Lady Pepper's, nor Miss Glover's. Fanny is so sensitive to the least approach to a scandal!" " All you have so kindly told me is in strict confidence." "Thanks, sweet, I knew you would ; and now promise me the pleasure of your com pany to tea to-morrow, a relaily quiet, five o'clock tea, one Mend to meet you, no ceremony, just a little enjoyable chat; wiU you? I shall think it so kind! Now do dear!" And her friend promised, although feeling far from in the humour, but it was not Lady Flora's nature .to refuse anything that would give pleasure to another. It was a comfort to arrive home, to retire to her chamber, to kneel beside her bed with the beautiful face buried in her hands, with tears making them moist, and sobs echoing through the solitary chamber. And all the. strangely romantic and un usual nature of ther courtship flashed upon her in that moment. A mere beauty quest! And might not thiB lover of beauty, when ever ana-wherever found, pursue a similar quest again, should his fancy be taken as it had been in her own case ? She shudderedL . Their acquaintance had been of but brief dura&oii; before marriage, for EUerby was not the man to wait for asythiAg, least w all for a wife : but their love had teen sincere, and Flora ttiedto think herhufibandtrue. ' . ? 'Whom to turn to in 'this emergency knewnot.^et felt she would give tnuch for a friendly word of iadtdce orcomfprt., Of 'aU the select circ& of tiheir visiting acftuaSnfe ance, she did nm" know one yhom she could \- abeh. her lifeart tib upon a subject BO detica*^' hfle to dress and fashion, jeweUery and'flowefraS ^t!oK, no|fpttb4s;!. . 7 and her ladyShip knewmor people dp the ..generality, -1-' ? yegr. T wmjxw the thick of a splendid study, which he should bring home with him for her accept ance. And she had been perfectly content until this disturbing event occurred, and Lady Flora rested content no longer. Her ladyship's carriage drove up to the Countess Comdarlington's slightly before time by etiquette, and her ladyship was shown to the drawing-room, but had scarcely crossed the threshold when she started and fell back a step terribly confused, for there rose to meet her with courteous ease the other guest-Westley Garland. Lady Flora knew this to be a heinous, if playful intrigue upon the part of the lady of darlings, and, with hand on door, she murmured her half apology, " I beg your pardon - I thought - the Countess-" " Has but this instant left the room to search for a book of photographs. Permit me to summon the maia to take your bonnet?" He touched a silver gong while saying this, and, with thoughtful regard for her confusion, placed a chair for her, and, immediately returning to his own, was apparently ab sorbed by the book over which he was bending. And Lady Flora thought him ex cessively kind, or excessively careless; she inclined to the former. His voice thrilled, it was so unlike the wide chorus of compli mentary, flattering, insincere ones to which she had lately been accustomed. But he took so little notice of her presence there she quickly regained composure, and even stole a half-timid glance at the cause of her em barrassment. She could observe him better thus leaningover the volume than when in the pulpit All faces thus bowed in attitude of study possess a charm unlike that worn at any other time, when intellectuality becomes sculpturesque, austere with the soul-majesty men trace in stone. Yet it was no hard face, no rigid and unfeeling expression, loveless and cold ; rather full of a melancholy more striking than any of the emotional aspects, and so manifestly tender and compassionate, Flora felt attracted by it, and drawn towards it as never by a face before. Still she thought it singular he neither looked up nor spoke. Stay,-" The maid seems a long time ; could not have heard surely 3" and he again touched the bell upon a side-table near by. Lady Ellerby thought this minister singu larly cooL Further speculation was ended by appearance of the countess's tire-woman, who asked if it was her ladyship's pleasure to accompany her to the boudoir of the countess. Mr. Garland at once held open the door with affable politeness for Lady Flora to pass out, and, while doing so in thanking him, her eyes met his, and they were strangers no more. Not a word was said, but she knew this man to be her friend, to be the friend for whom she had prayed in her trouble: genuine, staunch, true. -In the boudoir the countess, charmingly effusive, having kissed her friend, took the hands captive, looking deep in the quailing, hazel eyes. "Am I forgiven? I did so want you to know him! You'll be very pleased with him upon better acquaintance." " Possibly,;but I felt dreadfully confused, it was too bad 2" Her friend laughed merrily, and, tapping a book of photographs in her hand, said " Blame this, please don't blame me, I can't bear it, really! But take your bonnet off. What a duck it is! So glad the minister Baw you in this And he will have to escort you home, you know, dear. Don't be nonsensical about it, he is walking, poor man ! And he so soon takes cold; it is some distance, and only yourself in that elegant carriage; you are not inhuman, you were never unkind, you won't resist my plea ?" And Flora, as usual, assented, for the comfort of others, and at the expense of her inclinations. After that they returned in company to the drawing-room. Still bent over the book, he might not have moved, he seemed collected as though in his own study; but upon en trance of the ladies he gravely closed the work, with evident interest in its theme. " I am sorry," apologised the countess, " to have left you for so long; but there, you know what the ladies are J My friend, Lady Ellerby, whom you have seen before; Flora, Mr. Garland. "Lady Ellerby and I are widowed for a while, thus your graceful acceptance of my informal invitation is thrice welcome." " The earl is away from Brighton?" bowing slightly in acknowledgment of her com pliment. " In Ireland! And dear Lord Ellerby is, -we don't know where!" Then the sad eyes read pain upon the fair face before him. 