THE TARCUTTA DISTRICT. -, , June 24, une passing rem ur K upon the somewhat sudden demise of the estimable proprietor of this journal. Throughout the whole of this district tho mournful intelligence was received with unfeigned sorrow and regret. The Town and Country newspaper ls essentially and emphatically the organ of pro vincial circles, and tho removal by death of Its enterprising founder is felt far and wide as a personal loss. Your corres pondent has many warm friends amongst the aspiring literati of this colony, and ono nnd all speak of Mr ."Bennett as a generous patron of rising merit in the spheres of literary toil, who, having himself experienced tho sorrows as well as tho triumphs of authorship, know how to .' speak a word in season to him that is weary." Of all classes into whioh the human family is divided, tile literary class ls perhaps the most faulty and unmanageable, and it speaks woll for the splritand character of the late Mr. Bennett thut by his kind words and still kinder deeds, he could win and retain the affections of a class so singularly errutic and hard to please. Peuce to the memory of tho groat journalist, nnd muy his sudden depar ture! honce impress upon us nil tho great lesson of llfo's fleet ingness and uncertainty, so that when tho "shadow feared of man" falls, as fall it must, upon our earthly destinies, we may bo found, as Samuel Bennett was found, in mld-caroer of activity, usefulness and honour. Tho sorrows or an up-country correspondent are not, par haps, equal, in point of heart-break, to tho immortal "sor rows of Werther," but they boar a speciality and an uniqueness that a modern Goethe might weave into a highly edifying and affecting story. A perpetual baptism of hot water is tho sure doom of the luckless individual who under takes to " chronicle tho small beer" of a limited and not over civilized community. Dr. M'Donald has fashioned an ex quisite fiction out of what he terms, " Tho Annals of a Quiet Neighbourhood ;" but if Dr. M'Donald's lot had been east In tho " quiet neighbourhood " of Tarcutta, even his beautiful introspective genius could hardly have created anything destined to live, out of tho dull and orosalo material that forms the warp and woof of life in these parts. If people will not do deeds worth recording, then gone is the occupa tion of the recording ungo! of journalism, and tho " chlel that takes notes" must either relupso into criticism, or Irre levancy, or silence. That which an upcountry community evidently wants nnd expects from Its Press representatives fa a perpetual eulogy, and this surely is not possible, unless a correspondent compromises his character and position by " damning" everything and everybody with what Pope calls " faint praise." Here let us leave the unpalatable subject, knowing full that even these few brief hints will find an eolio in many hearts. Ghost stories aro commonly rejected by the sclentifio and sceptical mind, and aro supposed to be credited only by the superstitions and tho vulgar ; but ns a matter of fact, it will bo found that tho common mind and tte uncommon mind have many things In com mon, and amongst these many things, a " fearful" belief in supernatural phenomena. It is not necessary to cito the testimonies of Archbishop Whately and Slr Wultor Scott, to provo that between incipient intellectuality and consum mate intellectuality, thcrois a meeting-place which, perhaps, Forrier or Herbert Spencer may bo able to determine, butcer tuinly not your humble correspondent. And now to tho story t -About 30 years ago, a certain individual, connected with a f;reat Arm in Sydney, was thrown from his horse, and died n theso Lower Tarcutta Plats. Ever sinoo that time vague rumours have been afloat that the place was haunted, and even strong- nerved bullock-draymen hesitated to " camp" la tho supposed ghost- haiintedspot. During all theso interven ing years tho pluce hos been shunned nt tho " witch ing hour of night," and tho legends of tho district declare that the " sheeted drud" " gibber" in these same Tarcutta Plats. But these legends were not to be believed until a. certain oducated friend of ours solemnly asserted that he lind actually seen tho apparition of the un fortunate man, habited cap-a-pie precisely as he is reported to have departed this life. Now, our friend Is neither a tipsy nor a superstitious, nor even an imaginative subject,- and his testimony, therefore, must not bo insulted or detracted from by receiving it cum grano salis. There boing "more things in Heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy," lt is a fair presumption that, amongst tho " millions of spirits who walk the world unsorn,:both when we sleep and when wo waite," a few of tho vast disembodied host may, undorcertain mental und physical conditions, stand revealed to the gaze of mortui and corporeal oyes ! Tho manifest diminution and decay of tho typical " Mur rumbidgee Whaler" is gradually removing a somewhat objectionable colonial institution. Those poor wandering " loafers," who have elevated " cadging " into a species or science cannot fail to elicit our pity, especially when we seo them groy With misery and the weight of years. Som* of them are honestly poor and helplessly usoloss, and should Snd their wav into our benevolent asylums forthwith, whilst those who can work und will not should bo taught a sharp lesson within the precincts of our gaols. It is a comfort, howover, to find that the name of the " Murrumbidgee Whaler" is no longer logion. Multitudes of the class navo reached " that bourne from which no traveller returns," and tho remainder of the once formidable hostia gradually melting away, partly under tho Influences of better moral principles, partly under tho terror of tho police, but principally through tho altered circumstance* of the colony. The signal defeat of our splendid Australian team by th* ohampion amateurs of England has read a salutary and greatly-needed lesson to certain of our '* bumptious" colonial youth. The" blowing" tone In theso ports has abso lutely sunk to zero, and there is a soreness felt about thia cricketing disaster which will be only partially healed by the victories which are sure to come. After all. then, Australia cannot meet and vanquish tho strength of England. Tho homo of thenoblo gamo Ja still ..tho home of its noblest champions. The old country cannot be conquered in detail much less when she arises in ncr might. Btrango to say, tho nows of this disaster is exorcising a reflex iniluonoo on the Jame of the redoutable Trickett, and the " coming man" Higgins is, in thia district at least, gaining many backers in view of the ooming struggle on the Parramatta waters. It is not of tan that any mishap occurs to our well-organized, orderly mall- service, and this is the more extraordinary from the fact that somo of tho lines are worked always and only by night. Nevertheless, we have been apprised that the mail running between Albury and Tarcutta met with a series of break- downs in aud nour the small township of Kyamba, thereby imposing on Jimmy Heatherood, our local Jehu, the arduous necessity of performing a journey of over hf ty miles to the Adelong Crossing in little more than six hours. This foat be successfully accomplished, and as he is one of the beat whips in the service (and very careful withal) there was but little delay and disappointment, either in the transmission ef parcels, passengers, or mails. After quito an overdose of the favours of Jupiter Pluviua, and a consequent material accession to the natural wealth of the squatter, the heavens are again propitiously serene and sunny. lambing is going on apace, and with a marked increase over the returns of last season. Late ploughing and sowing are almost finished throughout tho district, and an exoeptionably favourable season ls helping to mitigate the meteorologic misfortunes of years. In the hilly districts, snow has fallen to an alarming extent, and 7000 sheep, the property of Mr. Cox, of Mangoplah Station, has been looked in the embrace of the winter king, but there ia every reason to be'ievo by this time that the sun has prevailed against the snow, and the flock released and saved. 