NEWS BY THE MAIL. .TJTE WAR. rProm nnr. Constantinople Correspondent.] Constantinople. December IP-. ,-.r J'uncnBWSQS up tne position m a carcuou piju lished a fortnight ago, ' Tightening the Grip.' The month' has been one of almost uninterrupted rrosress for the Eussian3, the crowning success of the war being or course tne capture oi Plevna. * 'When my last letter went we had just heard of the fall of Kara. Private despatches .to the Embassies had brought the news. It was, how ever, so important, and implied such a severe reverse to the Government, that they- not only denied, or, what was the same thing, stated that they had no news of it, but stopped the entry of all Greek newspapers lest the people should learn the news and the particulars of the fall a few days earlier. The impression the news made when it became fully known was a very depressing one, and the effect of the disaster was not exaggerated. The fall of Ears gives the Eussians an enoi- monsly strong base of operations in Asia Minor. 'Without going so far as some of the English papers do, and saying that it means the entire conquest of Armenia, there can be no doubt that it makes that conquest much easier than it; would othorwise have been. Melikoff lost no time in sending forward all the troops he could spare to attack Erzeroum.' A week ago all the correspondents had left except Mr. O'Donovanj who represents the Daily Nhos, and his opinion is that this fortress must inevitably fall to thft Eussians. The one thing which could have' saved it would have been that the Turks should have sent forward supplies to Trebizonde. They made every effort to do so, and probably within the last month not less than 15,000 men have' been shipped to Trebizonde for the relief of Erzeroum and of Mukhtar Pasha's army gene-; rally. Three days ago, however, we learned; ?that the Kussians have taken possession; of 'u the road between Erzeroum and .Trebizonde, and have fortified it in such a. manner as to make it next to impossible for the Turks to break their way through. To day it is rumoured that Mukhtar Pasha has left Erzeroum, and though I have been unable to trace the' rumour to a trustworthy source I am inclined to believe that it is true. If this be so the game of Mukhtar Ghazi Pasha, the [l Vic torious,' is nearly at an end. Once Erzeroum is in possession of the Eussians the war in Armenia may be regarded as at an end. ' 'Will Eussia be allowed to take possession of Armenia? That is a question which all of us are now asking. My impression is that she will certainly retain Batoum and the district round about it, possibly, though not I think probably, even as far as Ears. Batoum and the district round about it will be the largest portion of the price which Eussia will exact for coercing Turkey. Its cession does not sound very great, but is of real importance to Eussia. She has spent an enormous sum of money in making a port at Poti for communication with her Asiatic possessions and Persia, and yet has entirely failed in making a good or even a safe one. Moreover, the back country from Poti is of so hilly a nature that even if the har bour had proved a success it could never have given Eussia easy access to the places she wants to get at. The harbour of Batoum is not only the best, but the only harbour on the east or the south of the Black Sea, whose inhospitable shores play sad havoc every year with the hun dreds of little Greek and Lazistan vessels which trade around them. Moreover,_ behind Batoum is a natural road into the interior, which .Russia has probably long coveted. I have no hesitation in saying that if Eussia should take Armenia it will be an advantage for the Armenians. Already she has a number of Armenians equal to those under the rule of the Sultan. A continual emigration is going on from Turkish to Eussian territory, the people .being only too happy to escape from their Kurdish neighbours and their Turkish Go vernors. Armenia being in Asia has never at tracted po much attention as the European provinces of Turkey, but I am not sure whether its condition is not more characteristic of Turkish misrule than that of either of those . occupied by Bulgarians or .Gresksj The Armenians are model subjects. The poor among them are the most industrious and frugal I have ever known ; they are trustworthy and intelligent. The educated Armenians rise everywhere where a fair field and no favour is given. ? In Eussia they are found in the highest positions. In Vienna some of the best houses belong to them. In late years they 'have well established themselves in Italy, in 'Marseilles, and Manchester. In India, too, they take high positions from their business aptitudes. In Turkey all that they want is to be let alone because they are Christians. However, they have been subjected to every form of iniquity and oppression. Their wives and daughters, their property, their very lives, have not been safe. It has never been pretended by anybody that there his been among them for miny years any sign of rebellion. They are too far dispersed, have bad too many Kurds planted among them, and have been too long ground down even to enter tain the idea. In spite of .this, however, when war was declared by Eussia the' Kurds and Turkish population was let loose among them, and perpetrated worse atrocities than aroused all England when they were committed last year in Bulgaria. The one crime of which this people were guilty — it cannot be repeated too often because it is a key to the Eastern question — was that they were Christians. Philo-Turks in England may talk as they like, but they can never alter the fact that the sole reason for the misgovernment of the races ot Turkey, the fons et origo mali, the reason both near and ultimate of the war is that' the Moslem conscientiously believes that the Christian ought to be oppressed in time of peace, to be put to death in time of war. *.*'?-. ' For my own part I must confess.that X should have been glad to see the Armenians invited into an autonymous province . instead of .being absorbed into the dreary despotism of Eussia, I have spoken with many Armenians and find that all of them have the same idea. They have their own national Church, their own ancient literature, their own language and traditions of their once famous history, and they fear that in the course of not many years they will cease to be a distinctive nationalty. 'When, however,' the proposal is made to them of sacrificing all these things or of remaining under Turkish rale I have found none who hesitate. If Eussia chooses to retain Kars there will be this further advantage. By so doing she runs a wedge in between Asia Minor and the plains of Central Asia. The Turks wonli long since have died out had they not been continually recruited from the prolific grass plains of Central Asia.' The latest irruption of barbarians which has come in to reinforce them is that of the Kurds, who are already more numerous in Asia Minor than the Turks. Intercourse with their Christian neighbours has during six or seven centuries tamed dowa something no doubt of the original nature of the Turks, but the Kurds are yet in all their original savage ness. If Eussia cuts off the supply of these men she will give an extra chance to the Christian aborigines of the country, who even already notwithstanding every obstacle are yearly becoming more numerous than their masters. She will also confer the additional advaniage o£ not swamping the Arabs of Syria, who from their intelligence and industry might again under a decent Government, and notwithstanding their religion, contribute some thing to civilization. The crowning event of the month and of the war is of course the fall of Plevna. Just as we had all made np our minds that the Russians had settled down to a regular siege in the old fashioned style and to the belief that Ostnan Pasha, also proclaimed Ghazi or the ' vic torious,' had provisions which would enable him to hold out until January at the least, came the news of his surrender. 'When the month began the Eussians were strengthening the circle which surrounded Osman. Position after position was occupied until the iron ring which held him became evidently too strong to be broken from within. Thereupon the Turks reinstated the ablest soldier they possess, Mehemefc All, a man of German origin, and dis missed to make room for Suleiman Pasha in the army which occupies the Quadrilateral because he was a ghiaour. Mehemet Ali collected what troops he could at Sophia, and the Turks have been putting every Moslem they could get hold of into arms and sending them to him. The Eussians meantime steadily workedput their plans for the capture of Plevna. The Eoa manians, who, in spite of predictions from every side to the contrary, have proved good soldiers, carried Bachova, and the Eussians took Provitz and Etropol. The capture of the latter was of great importance, inasmuch as it enabled the possessors to attack an army coming to the ^wA'r1?6''1* fTom the direction of Sophia, Sfl»« dle?eLAli had gathered his troops. 2rfrt fl^V1'?*1*' ^^ ^ught for 'two days with the Eussians and at the end of the fir^t day .sent to Constantinople a telegram from which we gathered that he feU pretty confident about success on the morrow. Thi3 was a fortnight ago, but the telegram telling us of the result of the second day^s fight has never yet seen the light of this capital. Up to the time of the surrender of Osman, which Uok t-Uce on the 10th, he bad be«n entirely surrounded and cut off forseven weeks. The capture of Gorny-. Dubnik' closed Plevna to all convoys. A week later the capture of Dolny-Dubnik enabled th,e Eussians to complete the investment. The Eussians in carrying : out this last design upon Plevna have, displayed as much caution as the Germans did during ? thfe last war. This conduct contrasts very, re markably with the want of caution with which they made their first attempts on that place. Every position was carefully occupied and pro tected. Telegraph wires have connected every point where Eussian troops were stationed. Scouts were out in every direction, and for the first time in the campaign in Bul garia the Eussian cavalry has played an im portant part. The line of investment was under the charge of Generate Gonrko and Sko beloff, and the result shows that the Eussians have acted wisely in getting rid of their Grand Dukes. All the attempts of Mehemet Ali to relieve the place were foiled by the same care which had marked the' tightening of the circle . of .investment.- ? 'When the -Turkish ? General went to Sophia he found the Turks in posses sion of the southern half of the road leading from that town to Plevna. He tried in. vain to resist the attempt which Gourko made to clear the district . south and ^est of the Orchanie road, and as I have said was able to take Etropol, -Provitz, and TFratza. The Turks quitted . . Orchanie and ? Eetshesh, and- - the attempt which Mehemet made to effect a diver sion altogether failed. . . The one chance which Osman Pasha, had of relief layin the efforts of Mehemet 'Ali.' .During the last three weeks it had become evident that the Turks could not raise a sufficient army to enable him .to recover the positions 'which Gourko had taken. So hopeless indeed had the Government become of anything which he ceuld do that a week ago they ordered him to start for Montenegro; in other' words, as the man of ghiaour origin could not save them, they would send him out of the way. Upon the failureof Ma attempt.it only remained to wait and see whether Osman would make a desperate attempt to break out or would surrender. His ownoccount of what took place has been tele graphed to Constantinople to Ms brother-in-law Eiza Bey, and was published two days ago in the Turkish newspapers. This is what he says, writing on the 13th : — ' As you are probably aware, we were completely surrounded in Plevna for a month and a half. During the whole of that time we had received no aid from outside, and all our attempts to break through were fruitless. Our provisions being ? entirely spent I felt bound to make a last effort to break through the circle of iron which ' girded us round about. You know the result. I am a prisoner with the remnant of my brave army. The bravery and the dash of my soldiers I am glad to say have been appreciated by the Emperor of Eussia andhisbrothertheGrandDuke Nicholas. All our soldiers taken prisoners are treated with kindness ; our .wounded cared for with benevolence.' The Turks say that not only were Osman's provisions exhausted, but that his men _ had only ten rounds of cartridge left. Finding himself in this position, he made his last effort. The whole of his army fell upon the Eussian corps occupying the left bank of the Eiver Vid, in order to cut a passage through. The battle lasted five hours. In the course of it Osman was wounded in the leg. The attempt to break through had apparently not the least chance of success, and Osman, with the whole of his army, surrendered. Everybody and every thing fell into the hands of the Eussians. The Turks state that Osman had fifty thousand men. Probably not less than forty thousand prisoners have been taken by the Eussians. It is too soon yet to receive many details of the defeat, and the Turks are naturally un willing to allow the full extent of their disaster to become known ; but its effect here has been enormous. The Government and the Turkish ?population were fairly stunned by the news, and have not yet recovered from the blow. It has brought home to them the fact that they are not a match for Eussia. Three months ago their victories had led them to the conclusion that they were. The careless, cruel blundering of the invading army had strengthened this belief. Moreover, the dubious voices of the English Government . had caused them to cherish the hope that if they could hold on England would at last inevitably come to their aid. 'Within a month all ' their hopes are cast down . Kars fell. ' Erzeroum and the loss of the' whole of Armenia was threatened. If anything would move the English Government surely this would. The Turkish papers cried out that now England's road to India was ; threatened, now, therefore, they were sure of England's help. What .would the English Government say ? Lord Derby did not keep the Turks long in. suspense. A deputation, com-, posed of nobodies, with. Lord Campbell at their head — a man of absolutely no weight, insight, or ability whatever, who, on the : ground of his having paid a short visit .here two years ago, when he learned nothing and went the way to learn nothing, fancies that he understands the Eastern question— waited on Lord Derby to represent the danger to. our interests from the Armenian conquests of Eussia. Lord Derby not merely snubbed the members all round, but plainly told Europe and the Turks that in his opinion there was no immediate danger to British interests. What the deputation, as suming there was a thoughtful man among them, thought that the English Government could be induced to do it is a little difficult to guess. Lord Derby's reply was, however, a most complete wet blanket for Turkish hopes. Lord Beacons field in his Guildhall speech had significantly dropped the word ' integrity' out of his famous phiase about the integrity and independence of the Ottoman Empire; and the Turks had been dispirited at the omission. But they had con vinced themselves that if Armenia was really threatened- England would threaten in return. Then at last came the fall of Plevna. There are signs that now at last it has dawned upon the Turks that it would have been better for them to have granted equality, or at least made some approaches to granting equality and the semblance of justice to the Christians. Mean time, while the Turks are still stunned by the blow, and have sent messengers to the Powers asking them to mediate, and if possible bring about peace, the Eussians are putting forward their conditions of peace, but are also making their preparations to push on over the Balkans, and to dictate their terms at Adrianople. '. The Eussians have thus far disposed of two of the three great armies which the Turks had sent out to oppose them. Mukhtar's in Asia Minor can hardly be expected to give much trouble; Osman's army is prisoner. There remains only the army of Suleiman Pasha This was the most important in the field. It occupies the four fortresses which people choose to call the Quadrilateral and the surrounding country, its base being at Shumla, with divisions in Silistria, Easgrad, and Eustchuk. The command of this army has been now several times changed, the reason for dissatisfaction being that nothing was done. Suleiman Pasha was sent to replace Mehemet Ali because in sacrificing 25,000 men in the vain, attempt to take the Shipka Pass ifc was thought that he was a man who would at least do something. Suleiman finds himself as powerless to operate as his predecessors. At a great sacrifice he took Elena, a small place, but of considerable importance, because it commands the road to Timova and Tirnova to the Shipka Pass. He has, however, only been allowed to hold it for ten days, and now Elena is again in the hands of the Eussians. 'While on Saturday last the Turks were bringing the hundred and fifty prisoners, who they have to show as the trophy of their capture, their captors were being driven out. Suleiman finds himself up to the present time altogether power less, because with a Eussian army to the east of him under Zimmerman, who has 40,000 men in the Dobrudscha, and another to tne west of him under the Czaxewitch, he dare not move. Now that the capture of Osman's army sets free at least 100,000 men, Suleiman will pro bably soon find himself attacked. His army defeated, Turkey is at the mercy of Eussia and of the rest of Europe. 'We received word three days ago that Osman Pasha died of the wounds he had received in the last attack upon Plevna. To-day a doubt is cast upon this news. Whether living or not, he fought well and made a gallant defence of Plevna, and though defeated he deserved the eulogiums which the Emperor himself addressed to him. It is one of the pleasant incidents of this horrible war that the Eussians had not only made preparations to feed the Turk3 who should surrender at Plevna, and were ready at once to give them food and hot tea, to recognise them as soldiers who had fought well, but that they showed an especial kindness to their chief prisoner. I am writing without having seen any account by Europeans giving the Eussian or an impartial description of the fall and the incidents which immediately succeed it; but the Turkish official journals publish the above facts, and seem greatly surprised and even touched by them. The Emperor, says the Turquie, a semi- official journal, sent his own doctor, visited Osman himself, raised his head, told him that his defence of Plevna would be remembered in history as one of the most gallant ever made, and promised him that he should go wherever he liked, giving his parole only that he should rot engage in the war. Neither Osman cor the Emperor seems to have imagined that his wounds were so serious as they have apparently turned out to be. Five days ago the Servian Minister, Mr. Christirh, left Constantinople. - Servia 'has thrown off all disguise, and has declared war. Her act -will place 30,000 men at the disposal of Eussia, and- will make the Eussian march upon Adrianpple , much easier. Greece has not yet declared war;. but I think there is every probability 'that she will do so' shortly. Both Servia and Greece ?have been waiting for the fall of Plevna in order io declare themselves. Greece would like much to have Thessaly and . Epirus; but, she fears what the Turkish fleet might be able to do against her. Her commerce is very large, her inland. towns and villages are exposed to be bombarded, and it is by no mean3 clear that the Turkish ironcladscould.be kept clear of the - PiKeus itself. She is understood to have done a good deal in the- way of torpedo defence, but she is naturally afraid to trust to this alene. : The Cretans, who were understood to be waiting- to. receive the word' to rise from Greece, have precipitated matters, and have sent a manifesto to Europe, stating that again they must endeavour to obtain their independence. Their case is a clear and characteristic one. After the rising ten years ago, the Sultan consented to grant them a special Constitution. They were to have an Assembly of their own in which Christians were to be represented^ proportion to their numbers, and a variety'bf reforms were published, upon the promulgation of which Europe was content. Not one of .these has been carried out. When a year ago the Cretans re moEstrated, they were told that as the Sultan had granted a new Constitution for the whole of the Empire it was unnecessary to speak any, more about the old one. They were,, in fact, treate'd with contempt. Three or four Turkish regiments were sent down to Crete, together with a squadron, and they were threatened. Things now, however, are changed. No sooner did the new remonstrance come out a fortnight; ago than the Porte sent off in hot haste one of its Greek employes on a special mission. No ' doubt he is authorized to make all kinds of fair promises. Equally, of course/ if they are ac cepted they will not be kept. If the, Cretans actually take up arms, wtdch up to the latest accounts^ which have reached me they' have hot done, it is difficult to see how Greece can .help declaring herself at pnee. She will, however, have to lpse no time if she wishes to come in for a division of the spoil. It may be mentioned as a significant fact that while the Eusaians have now many thousands of Turkish prisoners in their country, the Turks cannot show altogether one thousand. The ex planation is that the latter do not ordinarily take prisoners. The Bashi- Bazouks, or Turkish irregulars which everywhere accompany the army, prowl about and kill the wounded. When the attention of Europe was called to this fact two or three weeks ago the reply of the Philo-Turks was that this is a war in which no quarter is given on either side. The fullest disproof of this has, however, been given by the accounts from independent sources of the numbers of prisoners who have been sent forward into Eussia and by the testimony of correspondents everywhere. Eussia may be a barbarous nation, but her Christianity has at least made her suffi ciently advanced to prevent the perpetration of this middle-age offence. Her recent example in the treatment of the prisoners of Plevna has already produced good fruit. Yesterday the Sultan sent for the hundred and fifty Eussian prisoners who had arrived from Elena, spoke to them kindly, and gave them a small present each. Oneof the events which has most attracted attention during the month both here and in Europe has been the proclamation of the Sultan, by which he proposed to enrol the Christiin population into a newly-formed civic guard. It made a certain sensation in England, and was intended to do so. It did so here also, but for an entirely different reason. The proposal is understood to have been made by our Ambas sador, Mr. Layard. The object in making it is twofold — to make Europe believe that it is intended to carry it out, and to extort money from the Christians. For many years tlie subject populations have asked to be enrolled in the Turkish army. Clear-headed statesmen like Lord Stratford de Eedcliffe saw as well as the Christians of Turkey that military service would afford the best guarantee for the carrying out of reforms and for placing the Christiaas '. on an equality with the Moslems. But Turks know as well as the Christians that: -you t cannot safely ill-treat a man with a bayonet-in I his hand. Though at the dictation of Europe | they have promised over and over again -to ' admit them to military service, their promises ; have all been broken. The famous Hatthpma j youn given in 1S56, glorified as the Magna ;Charta of the subject races and promulgated ! in the solemnest manner, carefully- deposited in the most sacred receptacle of Turkisn relics — : that containing the Prophet's banner — contained ? this promise. It has since been repeated, and as lately as the Imperial decree of reform issued just two years ago. No effect has ever been given to it. Still, the Turks have reason to know that there is a certain class of people in ;Europewho will still believe them, and they therefore again make the1 promise. It has not the slightest cnance of being carried out during ?the present war. The Turks have no intention of carrying it out. They dare not carry it out. They would at the present moment commit sui-' Icide if they tried to carry it out, and of course they know this rather better than anybody else. But there are persons to whom it will be satis factory to be able to say — ' See, these Turks have no fear of the Christians. All these stories about subjection cannot be true, since the Turks are willing to trust them with arms.' We all of us heard exactly the same kind of talk from exactly the same kind of -people' about the wonders the Confederates were .about to per form when they armed the slaves ; just as we were informed then that the slaves were a long way better off than .they would be if- they were free, and as we are told now by the same people that the Christian races are not fit for self government and are better off than the peasants of .Eussia. . ?? - . So far therefore as Europe 'is concerned this new proposal is one more Turkish sham. 'It is not altogether a sham, however, for the Greeks and the Armenians. The former know perfectly well that their fellow-countrymen in Thessaly, Epirus, and Crete -would only be too glad to have aims placed in their hands. Even in the capital there are not a few, and those mostly belonging to the better-educated classes, who would be well satisfied to be entrusted with arms. The Moslem population is armed. The Christians have been carefully disarmed. In case of the by no means improbable event of a, Moslem rising it would be a satisfaction to know that the civic guard had as many Chris tians as Moslem in it, or even a smaller number. But in the capital the feeling among the Chris tians generally is. against the proposal. The Christians feel that if it is seriously meant it comes too late, but that in all probability it is n^-t seriously meant, even in the capital, but is only a dodge to extort exemption - money. Accordingly great opposition is being made to it. The Greek and Armenian nationalities are always communicated with through their religious assemblies, presided over in each, case by the Patriarch. A fortnight ago when the Sultan's order, was to be brought before the liational assembly of the Armenian Church, a crowd of two thousand persons assembled out side the building, and held such language that whatever the official heads of the community, most of whom are in the service of the Govern ment, might have been disposed to do they were not able to come to any resolution in favour of the proposal. What the Armenians say against it is that as they have paid a heavy tax all their lives for being exempted from military service the Government has now no right to call upon them to render it. What they mean, but dare not say, is, ' You really want us to help to keep the Eussians out, because they are the enemies now knocking at your gates. We do not regard them as enemies.' Even, therefore, in the capital the scheme will not I venture to predict be carried into effect, and in the provinces it has not the shadow of the ghost of a chance of being realized. If it had, I believe the lower class of Turks would themselves rise in opposi tion to it. The old spirit of religious fanaticism is still strong among them. The bearing of arms is essentially a Moslem privilege, is strictly and expressly forbidden by their religious law, and any one who has seen, as I have done, how rigidly the religious observances of Moslemism have been kept within the last three days would have little doubt that no precept which forbids the granting of a privilege to Christians has much chance of being disobeyed. We are now in the midst of the week of Courbam-Beiram, during which every householder sacrifices a sheep or a lamb with ceremonies very much resembling those of which the Jews made use in celebrating their Passover. Three days ago the Sultan himself performed this ceremony in the Church of the Divine Wisdom, the Agia Sophia, which after having seen nine hundred years of Christian worship has re-echoed the creed of Islam for upwards of four hundred years. But while the Turks regard this kind of religious ceremony and teaching, which, involves loss of time and money, with rigour, they cling much more tenaciously and naturally to a dogma which confers privileges upon them because of their religion and enjoins that these privileges shall not be given to unbelievers. The religious duty of not sharing benefits with your neigh bour, whether the benefit be that of burial in an English churchyard or of bearing arms for self-defence in Turkey, is one which there is always a strong tendency to fulfil. In conclusion, I think I may 'venture W' pre dict that we have arrived at the beginning- of the end, Of course, as is usual undue such cir cumstances, we hear ; a certain amount of wild talk about ; fighting to the last man— about burning Constantinople, retreating to Broussa, and never giving inr Tire \v;ir, however, which the Turkish Oligarchy of Pashas' thougiiCfit to make cannot in all probability last mucli longer, and history shows that these* Pashas are as little inclined' as anybody else 'to- fight uselessly. They are beaten on their own, theory by Fate, and' they will accept Kismif as readily as any other men:. The important question is not so niucJi: what Turkey will' do as what Eussia will ' do. Turkey has already sent a circular- - inviting ? the Powers ' to me diate. Eussia may consider that it is useless yet to'a'sk her to entertain the terms which shej will inevitably- exact, andmay even thinkthat; an advajice to -.Constantinople;. is necessary.! I_ do not, however, imagine that slie| ?'will -push matters- so far as this.' It isj much more likely that she will push on to! Adrianople, and, as in 1S29, will siga peace ! ?there. The end of that campaign fsaw Greece recognised as a free kingdom. It is now all but j -certain that, the end of this will see Bulgaria j torn away from under Turkish despotism aud established as an independent principality. ? Telegrams from Vienna assure us that a pro- : gramme of conditions of peace has been drawn J up by Eussia; and has been approved both by , the German and -the Austrian Governments. : .These conditions are said to be, the right of passage through the Bosphorus and the Dar danelles for all ships of war, the cession of Armenia, the independence of Bulgaria under a Prince not connected with Eussia, the ; inde pendence of Eoumania and. Servia, and an increase ' of territory to Montenegro. These terms, though- hard for -Turkey, are -in the interest of the population of Turkey, and there fore in the- interest of Europe.' Eoumania and Greece have made wonderful progress since they got self-government. It will be well that the Bulgarians, the Bosnians, and the Herzego vinians shall have the same chance. I am not so sanguine, however, as to believe that peace will be immediately made, though, as I have said, we have arrived at the beginning ' of the end. ..''?': P.S. — At the last moment — 4 p.m. of the 19th — the news has arrived that Osman is not dead. A mistake seems to have been made by the Ottoman Minister in Vienna, who telegraphed the news here. So entirely was it believed that not only did the Government communicate it to Osman's wife, but they requested Prince Eeuss, the German Ambassador, to ask the Emperor of Eussia to allow the body to be sent here. Prince Eeuss undertook this duty, and it was only in consequence of ' his telegram to the Emperor that the news was sent of the mistake. 