Boma Police Court. Monday, February 18. (Before the Police Magistrate.) FAILING TO TRAVEL REQI7IBED DISTANCE. John Wienholt -was summoned by the Roma g^own Clerk for failing to travel his sheep the dis tance required by lav. £? Mr. Salmond appeared for the Town Clerk. I- Defendant was fined £5, professional costs £2 2s., ghosts of Court 3B. 6tL, to be recovered by distress, tin default one month's imprisonment. e Edward A. Bees, Town Clerk, summoned - Epleid for failing to travel bis sheep the required dis pfcance. p/ Mr. Salmond appeared for the prosecution, p- Fined £5, professional costs, £2 2s., costs of PCourt3s. 6d. I: DEPASTURING SHMEP. The Boma Town Clerk summoned- Reid for depasturing sheep a greater distance than one half utile from the road. Mr. Salmond appeared for the plaintiff, and asked that the minimum penalty be inflicted with costs. Fined Is., professional costs £2 2s., costs of Court 3s. 6d. LARCENY. Michael Cronin was charged with the larceny of .. a shirt. Sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Soma Gaol with hard labour. A carrier's license was granted to Samuel Fuller. Tuesday, February 19. (Before the Police Magistrate.) VRUWroiLT OCCUPYING CROWN LANDS. F. G. Warner was summoned by H. T. Macfar lane for unlawfully occupying Crown Lands. Mr. Salmond appeared for the plaintiff. William Peake deposed : I am the overseer at Blythdale; defendant is the owner of about 1300 or 1400 sheep; I saw these sheep on the homestead areas on Blyth's Creek on -the 15th January last; lie was then camped on the homestead areas; he had a couple of tents there, and had utilized an old yard for his sheep ; he also had a place rigged with boughs which formed part of his camp; saw the sheep there three days after ; saw the defendant on the 18th January and asked him what business he ' had there, he replied that he was going to select. Fined £2, professional costs £2 2s., costs of Court 3s. 6d. nXB&AI;, DETENTION OF A DOG. Michael Hanley was summoned by Henry Babske for the illegal detention of a sheep dog. Case dis missed. Mr. Salmond appeared for plaintifE In the two cases of Imlay o. Thorns, and Rielly v. Thorns under the Diseases in Sheep Act, \fcMr. Salmond who appeared for the complainants, nated that he withdrew the cases ; defendant had consented to pay all costs. Wednesday, February 20. (Before the Police Magistrate.) On the application of P. Cartwright the country publican's license now held by hiin for the Bnnge worgorai Hotel was transferred to John Myers. DEPASTURING SHEEP. . George Donald was summoned by the Roma Town Clerk for depasturing sheep more than half a mile from the road. Mr. Salmond appeared for the prosecution. Edward A. Bees deposed : I am Town Cleric of Roma; I saw some of defendant's sheep more than one mile and three-quarters off the main road; they were on the only piece of ground reserved for the use of the people of Roma; the grass has been entirely cut down by these sheep. The Bench inflicted a fine of £10, professional costs £2 2s., costs of Court 3s. 6d., to be recovered by distress. A carrier's license was granted to James Megan. Thursday, February 21. (Before the Police Magistrate.) SLY-GROG SELLING. Ah You was charged by the Police with the above offence. | Mr. Salmond and Mr. Thompson appeared for the t defence. The case was adjourned, on the application of Mr. Salmond, till the following day. Carriers' licenses were granted to William Free stone and William Sanderson. Friday, February 22. (Before the Police Magistrate.) SLY-GROG SELLING. The adjourned: case of Regina v. Ah You, for the above offence was again brought on. Mr. Salmond, who appeared Tor the defendant, objected to the information on the ground that same had been added to, and submitted that the case should be dismissed. The Bench upheld the objection, and the case was therefore dismissed. TRESPASS. P. G. Copeley summoned John Goffage for tres passing on enclosed land. Mr. Salmond appeared for the defendant. It appeared from the evidence of the plaintiff that he was driven into town with his family in one of Cobb and Co.'s coaches, and that the coachman had driven through the plaintiff's pro- perty, the defendant having taken down the rails to allow the coach pass through. Case dismissed, with £2 2s. professional costs. HAVING LIQUOR ON UNLICENSED PREMISES. Ah You, a celestial, was summoned by the police to show cause why and for what purpose he became possessed of seventeen bottles of spirits which were found on his unlicensed premises. Mr. Salmond appeared for the defence, and ob jected to the information, on the ground that it did not disclose any offence under the Act. The Police applied for leave to amend the infor mation by substituting the words, "certain liquor was sold " for " certain liquor for sale." Mr. Salmond objected to the information being amended, and the case was therefore dismissed, the spirits being returned to defendant. 