NEWS OF THE DAY. The reported Bticking-up of Mr. Wooda's Hhanty, between Nagnmbio and Murehlaon, led to a revival f interest in the move ments of tbo Kelly gang, it boing supposed tbnt some of them might be the offenders, From our telegrams it willbe seen, however, that none of Kelly's party had anything to do with this outrage. We regret to loam that his Honor Jadgo Bindon is seriously indisposed, and will be unable to undertake tho duties of the County Courts in Mb district this month. The duty of County Court judge in the conrts usually presided over byjltr Bindon will be temporarily discharged by Mr Skinner, The following aro the deliveries ot wheat floor, and other produce, forthe weok ending 17th of November, at the Spaucor street station of tho Victorian Railways : — Wheat, 5730 bags ; flour, ; 5101 bags ; bran, 1630 bags ; pollard, 228 .bags ; oats, 271 bogs ; barley, 37 bags; potatoes, 55G0 bags; chaff, 21)13 bags. Total, 21,702 bags, Martin Wiberg, the late carpenter of the steamer Avoca, and who is implicated in the £5000 gold robbery, appeared to-day on re- mand at the City Police Court. Mr Inspect- tor Montfort applied for a further remand of seven days, and said that the Polios de- partment had received no official informa- tion with regard to the arrest of Ellison, the mate, in England. On leaving the dock Wiberg applied for bail to be granted, an application which Mr Panton, P.M., said he would consider. Tbo Land Tax Commission sat again to day, in the old Treasury-buildings, but little business was effected. The appeal of Charles H. Barber, againtt the rating of 2212 aoresio tbo county of Bogong, placed by the Crown In the first -class, was considered to-day. the Government classifiers, Messrs Harvey and Say, wero examined as to tho carrying capacities of tbo estate, and gave other evi dence in support of the Crown classiflcatioo. There were no decisions or withdrawals an nounced, „ Tbe Edncatlon department has appointed Miss K Patterson, State school teacher, an instructress in the art of swimmiag for the Borough of Williamstown. With each a splendid beach as this district possesses, no doubt a number of tbo rising generation attending schools will avail themselves of the opportunity afforded. An old vagrant, named William Hamilton, whs brooght before the City Beneh this day, on a charge of vegraocy. The old fellow pleaded hard to bo let off, and said he would go up the country ; but as ho hud made similar promises to go to Kilmore and other plnces, Mr Panton thought if he was housed for six months in gaol it would be a obnrity lo him. Two respeotably-dreBjed yonng woment named Ellen Armstrong and Lucy Wntsoni were charged this day, at the City Police Court, with insulting behavior nnd obsosne language. Tbey admitted the charge and were fined lOr. John Cot tello was brought np on remand to day, stiheOity Police Court, charged with as saulting his wife. Mr Btephen appoared for tho defence, and brought evidence to corro borate the statements made by tho defen dant laBt Saturday, with regard to his wife being given to iotempernte habits. Tbe charge of assanlt was then dismissed. l'bs contractors for the Oakleigh Railway put about twenty men un to work yesterday, uavvyiug, in Prahran; This attracted the notice of a great number of citizens, and mnch iudigoation wbb expressed, culmina ting in a visit of several gentlemen to Ssr- gennt. Parkin60U, requestiug his interference. The sergeant went and saw the chief ganger, Mr Youug, and pointed out that a breach of' the law was being committed, bnt the ganger refused to take off tho men. Soma members of tbe Rev. J. Wolfeo- den's Baptist Church then waited on the Hon. Graham Berry, who said ho could only refer them to the police authorities, but ho would bring the mutter under the notice of tho Chief Commissioner of Polioo this morniog. Tho workers wero not stopped. Mr Barry has communicated with the Police depart ment, and we understand that tbo contrac tors are to be summoned at the Prahran Conrt. The travellers to St. Kilda by the return church trains, yesterday, had a very narrow escape from a disastrous accident. About 100 yards from the Saudiidge road crossing, some boys bad built up on each rail a pile of heavy stones, either one of which wonld most probably have proved sufficient, bfid it been allowed to remain, to disturb tho equilibrium of the train. Fortunately, the gatekeeper at the crossing had oocasion to walk up' the line to tho point at whloh the obstructions bad been placed, and be of course removed them. In the meanwhile, tbo police have been set in motion, with a view to the discovery of the offenders. Quite a Bcene wbb enacted to- day at the City Police Court on a caso of a number ot neglected children being called on. Five of them were placed iu tbe dock, and tbo parents of tbe respective yonng hepofnls wero brought in to reoogniao thoir offspring. Tbe first mother asked to give au aoconDt of the doingB ot her son was Mrs Herbert, but she did not appear to recognise tbe lad, and craved permission for a closer inspection. On the reqoest being granted, Mrs Herbert wont np to tho dock, closely scru tinised ail tbe lads, and suddenly threw her nrmsronnd ber eon's neck, kissed him and then burst out crying; tbe cryiDg was taken up by the other mothers and the urchins in the dock, and for some time it caused a little stir in court, Herbert was sent away on the promise of his sister taking care of him in Bale. Tbe reBt of the boys, except Mrs Trotter's young hopeful, were discharged, and young Trotter was remanded for seven days. At tho Footecray Police Court thie morning a case of Rogers v Mrs Peterson was heard, in which tbe complainant snmmooed the defendant, a married woman, for £10 damages, for assault. Mr Hitoheos ap peared for Rogers, and Mr Harcourt was for tbe defendant. After tho closing of com plainant's case, Mr Harcourt raised the de fence that, as the defendant was a married womaD, and it had not been shown that she wse possessed of separate OBtnte, aho could not be hold liable for damages for assault committed by ber, The bench upheld this view, and dismissed tho case. A spooial general meeting of the share holders of tho Colonial Mutual Firo In surance Oompnny was held to-day at noon, in the office of the company. Tha object of tho meeting, whiolt was a purely formal one, wbb to confirm tho resolution passed at a special meeting on the 30th of October, rescinding tho second call of 1/ five eliilliiigs per shaye. . The ohaif was taken by Mr Ilop.ror/ ohairman of the company. Tho advertisomoot convening the mceliug and tho minntes of the iaet meet ing hnving beon read, tbo chairman moved tbe confirmation of the resolution, Mr Clark seconded tho resolution, whiolrwas carried unanimously, The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to tho chairman. A caso ot sudden death oocurred yesterday to a child named PnrHv, whoso parents re side in John street, Williamstown. At first it was thought necessary to hold a post mortem and inquest, but the circumstances of tho esse being ropoited to Mr Candler, ho did not oonsidor suoh n course necessary. Hotel-keepers should be reminded tha'' the 10th of December will be the nnnual licensing day for Molbonrno and suburbs. It iB advisable tboreforo that applications for transfers or otherwise should be put in at once, ae next Saturday is the last day oa which tbey can be received. At the Williamstown Police Court this morning, a woman, named Ellen Bnrke, who has made her appearance previonsly at the same court, wbb fined in the aggregate one pound, or imprisonmont, on obarges of insnlting behaviour, and assaulting Ooustablo Armstrong. The steamer Warhawk has hauled along side the south wharl for repairs she having been considerably damaged in her late encounter with tho entrance of Mossra Wright and Orr's dock, For some days whilst she lay in that position her bottom bumped on the sunken pontoon on tho gate of the dock, where she reoeived considerable damage. On Friday last her machinery, having been severely strained, began to givo way, and finally tbo main crank shaft broke near thcoentre, which necessitated her going up tbe river for repairs. The floats taken off the port paddla wheel show by their battered appearance with what force they must have struck the sunken pontoon, every one having large pieces splintered off tho edges. Tbe repairs will probably cost over £1000 before she is in good trim again, and those of tho Griper, moored a sbort diBtanco farther np, will probnbly come to a great deal more, which, in addition to tho money already expanded in tho dispute, will amount to n very considerable eum before thu disputed boun dary is settled. Harvceting (says tbe Bacchus Marsh Ex press) will commence in the Baochus Marsh district at once. Already a good deal of wbeuten bay haa been made, some of it in con sequence of signs of mat, or of frost-bitten hends. We also hear of takoall. The barley oropB seem to be the beBt, tho only thiug they suffer from being want of rain to bring out nil tbe beads from tho sheath whioh en velopes tliem. Oats promise to yield well. An interesting phenomenon in naturnl history (writes tbo P. O. Nows) ie at present exhibited at the Little Nowington Com pany's claim we are informed. Sinking operations were resumed some time since, in order to prosecute which work it was found necessary to dnm tho water back at about 380 feet from tbo surface. From this dam the water, whioh bis been coafiacd for some time, is being pumped, and, along with tbe water, we understand, hundreds of small fish are bciog brought to tbe surface, some of them fully 3 inches in length. The little finny strangers are unmistakably in the water, and the question srisos as to how they came there. We learn from the Ballarnt Star that the testimonial to bo given by the agricultural community of tbe colony to tbe boo. W. j. Clarke, in recognition of his many charitable and publlo acts, is to bo a bandsomo one, coBling about '10 guineas., Tbe movement was initiated by the WcBt Bourke Agricul tural Society, but thirty-four other societies cooperated as soon as the matter was laid before them, and though the intrinsic valuo of tho gift is not largo, tho fact that so many agricultural bodies esteem him so highly as to take part in subscribing for the testimonial will doubtleBB cause Mr Clarke to value it very highly, The presentation will bo mada in a few days. No offioial report has boon received within tbe last day or two concerning tbe diamond drill operations at Oastlemnino, so it may bs concluded that boring is going on satie- factorily. The second drill is at Preston, near Oreswick, and it is expeoted operations will be commenced to-day. Tho ono at Sandhurst, although in readiness, will not start work nntil a few men, somowhat ac customed to ite uee, can be drafted from Oaetlemaino. Tho Ballarat Courieratatesthatthe diamond drill at tbe claim of the Lougbtin Company, at Kingston, whs got to work on Friday evoa- " ing, and worked moat satisfactorily. Having then put in 2 feet iu rock, operations were resumed on Saturday morning, and 16 feet were bored hrough blneatone. Some of tha coro pieces brought t > tho surface were over a foot in length, and it was found that the drill at one time bored 2 feet in one minute. Tho present depth of the bore is 30 feet. The Molbourno correspondent ot the Gae- long Advertiser writeB : — Allhough the rac ing excitement Iibb ton great extentsubsided it will be interesting to mention that the one j net passed has been about the most euc- cessfnl season whioh has approved the enter prise of the carefully managed V.R. Oiub. Tbo net profit on the four days' meeting amounts to over £7000, and we may bo well assured tbnt such good fortune will inc.ito a freBh liberality on the part ol the Club. The Ballarat Star mentions that thore is now and then a big plum picked off the tree of mining speculation. Some of them are being gathered off the Oreswick stocks now. During the race week Mr Rossell, of Kingston, who held a thousand Riotoii shares, met Mr Stoddnrt, tbo share-broker of the Corner, at an hotel in Melbourne, and eold him the thousand shares in ono parael for £5000, Mr Bossoll bought the jtanr. s a few months boforo at lis cacb, and thus made tbo tidy lit! Ie fortune of £1500 at one stroke, Sinoe then tbo shares have risen to £G lOf,. which onables Mr Ktoddart to sell at £1600 profit, but as he believes in n more golden future for Ristoris, ho holds tbe shares for "bigger licks." Mr T. P. Hill lectured to the teachers and pupil teachers at Spring street, on Friday, on the Laws which guide and govern tho As sociation of Ideas. A proper understanding of, those InwB lend a man to reason upou tho iuductlvo method from nature up to nature's God. Tho infinite and all-wise Creator bad laid down certain fixed rules for tbe government of tbo human mind in all; its diversified mitnifestations as certain and as unerring in their ope rations as tbe laws which hold tho planets in their spheres. To thoso, therefore, engaged in tho instruction of tbe young, a knowledge of those lswa was indis pensable. In a variety of popular il lustrations, drawn from history, geo graphy, literature, science, nrt, and tbo "eommit al of written language to memory, tbe lacturer demonstrated the great advantages whlob would accrue to ten chore if thoy would study nnd act upon the principles to which ho had drawn attoution; Tbe present method of imparting instruction was too bookiBh nnd monotonous, and was, therefore, open to great improvement. It was tbe duly of an educator to toaoh a boy biB lessons in tha sohool-room. A lesson was never given nntil it had boen reoeived. When received it should be repeated at home, nnd reproduced in tho Bohool-room the next day. He, the lecturer, heartily agreed with Dr Caldorwood, the well-known Pro fessor of Moral Philosophy in the University of Edinburgh, that children ehou'd not bo over-tseked. Quantity was not the boBt test of quality or of success, Uudno pressure, instead of promoting and ensuring goo I nnd profitable results, would retard them. As a general rule, it might be taken an boyond dieputo that it wnB undesirable that the wholo evening, sf I er school hours, should bo set apatt for learning lossons, which, under a wise end sound system of impniting information, might be, and ought to bs, taught in tho school. Overwork, tho nbaeoco of nny plan for detecting and cultivating tho naturnl nbility of cnoli individual mind, ncodles9 nod injuriuns competition wero not caioulatod to increase brniu-powor or keep tho body in good honltb. A knowledge of the laws which govern the association of ideas in every department of human knowledge would do much to overcomo tho ovils com ' plained of. At the close of his lecture Mr Hall strongly deprecated the present By si em of cultivating tho memory by rotn rnther than by thought; and by a simnla exporiment showod how easily, rapidly an accurately poetical pnssnges could be trans, ferrod from the black-board to tho brain Throughout, Mr Hill succeeded in interesting bis audience. He was listoned to with close attention. A match was arranged this morning be. twoen Frank Howitt and O. Hinmnn, to 'run 100 yards pn Saturday next, for £50 a side Great interest is felt in tho result of tire contest, as the ohnmpion Is considered ost of form. Hinman is snid to be a greater wonder than Harris, Tbe last of a series of matches ot handball for a valuable trophy, presented by tha Prahran Handball Olnb for competition, oame off at Blordan's Prahran Oonrt on Saturdav aftornuon between J. Canterbury and T Harnett against J. Riordan and J. Baldwin the latter winning two final gameB, after a hard contest, by only two aoee. Mr J. Phelau aoted as umpire, and gave general aatisfac- tron. At the Theatre Royal this evening, Heart's Dough t, a dramatised version of Dickens', novel, Dombey and Son, will bs produced w;th Mr Emery as Captain Outtle, ' Mr D'Arcy Read's Ghosts still tenant tha Athenoeum Hall, and appear co have taken up a regular abode there with the unanimous approval of the public. These ghosts, how ever, are highly amusing fellows, aud quita devoid of mischief or devilment. The Popular Concert at tho Town Hall this evening ought to be very largely atten- ded, as tbe programme, as announced by advertisement, is an unusually attractive one. There is to be a great bill at the Academy of Music tbiB evening, when Mr D'Orsay Ogden is to take his farewell benefit. Mie Beatrioo will appear as Medea, 'sever originat recitations will fellow, and tha tertainment will conclndo with tho last of Our Amsiioan Boys aud Girls, On Saturday evening, at the Princess' Theatre, a sensational drama, entitled Fleeced or, tho Vultures of the Wombat Ranges, was produced to the apparent satisfaction of a very considerable audience, Of the drnma itself very little can be Buid in commen dation. In tone and in style it is aliko objectionable. The acting, however, was in every respect admirable, aud tbe scenery and rffoita were all capita). Siill we. should like to 6eo Fleeced replaced by something mora healthy in sentiment. 1'rofeESor and Mrs Olara Baldwin will mske their first appearance in their anli- spiritualietic entertainment at St. George's Hall this evening. From tbo private bsb-jco given by Profeesor Baldwin, it is evident that be is wonderfully clever and reproduces the tricks of tho so-called mediums in an eminently satisfactory mnnner. In all pro bability St. Georgo's Hall will be crowded to-nig'nt to witness tho mysteries introduced by tbe professor and his lady, and beyond question thero will be muoh food for specu lation afforded by tho bewildering illusions produced. Wo call attention toan advertisement lathis croning Ilorald from tho Insurance agents. The object, no doubt, is a good ono. It appears they flud it nocci snry to protect thoir interest, tho same as other branches of business. 