TOWN GHAT. Br YOUR CHATTERER. Here stop, aud spend a soeial hour In harmless mirth and fun ; Let friendship reign, be just aud kind, And evil speak of none ! ADELAIDE, October 31. On Tuesday a Select Committee was appointed in either house to confer and report upon the best site available on which to erect the new Parliament Houses. This is step number one in the right direction. Of course, the members of the Lower House are unanimously in favor of the new buildings being proceeded with without delay; but the lion, gentlemen of the Upper House are far from holding the same opinion. The latter, perfectly content in their own more commodious chamber, revelling in ever so many more cubic feet of air to each man than the uufortuuate members of the Lower House are blessed with, and freed very early iu the afternoon from theirobligatious, can't understand why the former are one and all so anxious for new buildings ; but metliiuks had they been compelled to sit on the floor of the House of Assembly on the stifling evening of Tuesday last till past 11 o'clock, breathing the same vitiated air over and over again, as the gentlemen of this House had to, their opinions on this point would have undergone a radical change ; aud they would have then promised anything aud everything if they might have been but allowed to escape from this "black hole" of Adelaide. More guns still! The worthy Colonel at the head of our local Military Forces is apparently troubled by a spirit of unrest. Fearful for the fate of his pet scheme, a standing army for South Australia, which is at present under the -consideration of our legislators, aud in order to keep his faculties from flagging, he has seized upou a new project. Those at present under him are not volunteers, neither do they form a standing army in the strict sense of the terms. They enrol of their own free will; but are paid so much for every drill or parade. But now the Colonel wants a Volunteer Force, pure and simple, on the same footing as the volunteers of the old country ; no services to be paid for by gold. How many will enrol; how many are there who will be ready to sacrifice the freedom of their Saturday afternoons for the honor of wearing a red coat, after having beeu warned by the unsoldierly discontent, disgust, and weariness which reign on not a few faces of our present military gentlemen? I notice the good Colonel commences his advertisement, which has appeared in the dailies, with the word "Gentlemen." There is something very significant in this. But why does it conclude with words to the effect that members of the present force are prohibited from enrolling in the proposed company ? There's the rub ! Wait awhile, and we may know. Even under the present system it does not pay to be an officer—I mean so far as the pocket is concerned. But who is there that would regard honor of any worth did not that honor cost him a good round sum to maintain ? If ambition leads you on to be saluted by subordinates in rank, you must pay for the salute. "But how about their pay?" asks some one. The handsome sum which aCaptain receives for a year's services will nearly cover (mind ! not quite) the cost of his undress uniform. How about messes, then, balls, and all the thousand other gaieties of a military gentleman's life ? I merely mention this fact as a warning to any who may be stinting themselves in order to invest every available farthing, but yet be seized with ambition to become an officer. Who's to be the new Mayor of the City of Adelaide? Mr. Scott, the present occupier of the civic chair, declines to stand again. Of course, were he but to consent, no other candidated would have a ghost of a chance ; but then he isn't going to, aud so we must take the choice of those whom ambition goads on. Amongst the gentlemen yet announced, Mr. P. B. Cogliu seems the luckliest man. I must confess that I should very much like to see this gentleman, the poet of the House of Assembly, seated iu the civic chair, robed in the becoming robes, with his classical face beaming upon the Councillors, and himself keeping their too-oft unruly tongues quiet by reason of his own highly-original, over-po wiring, long-worded oratory. And so " Modern Athens" has gained for herself another reputation! In the future lectures of the Rev. Charles Clark she and her people will not be forgotten. He ought, indeed, to thank his lucky stars that he was induced to pay Gawler two farewell visits, for on either occasion he found some new matter for two lectures. But the stupid people of Adelaide can't and won't accept last week's interruptions as the outcome of an utterly ignorant mind, and want to know if the gentleman, who had so great an aversion to being taught English history, was not, if the truth were kuown, tipped by some witty ones to act as he did just for the fun of the thing. If such were the case, what a pity that the fellow forgot where the joke was appointed to come in, and blurted out what he had been taught to say anywhere. One day not very long since a gentleman, who was travelling over the colony, was desirous of seeing the wondrous workings carried on underground in one of the Moonta Mines, and accordingly was granted an order and lowered down the shaft. While examining below he came upon a gentleman, whom he soon found out to be the Manager of the mine. During conversation the Captain suddenly halted, and looking at the visitor full in the face for a minute or two, said—" Is not your name, Mr. B ?" It must be here stated that the questioner had never heard the visitor's name, and more than all had never before seen him. The visitor, with an astonished look, replied " Yes ;" and forthwith asked the Captain how he had come to make so good aguess. This was the answer—" Fifty years ago I worked under your grandfather, I suppose he must have been, at mine in Cornwall. Your face is not exactly like his ; your hair is brown, his was jet black; but there is something about you which unmistakeably tells me you are a B Now how can we account for this ? For the truth of it I am prepared to vouch ; aud here beg leave to commend it to the notice of the?" Society lately formed in Gawler for the investigation of phenomena, alleged to be spiritual in their origin.'' At a masque ball to be given iu the Town Hall on the evening of the approaching holiday a first aud second prize are to be given to the two best character-dressed ladies in the room. We have heard of competition prizes being given for the best specimens at horse shows, dog shows, cat shows, pig shows, baby shows, aud all other innumerable kinds of shows ; but the abovementioned kind of show is a novelty, I believe, in South Australia.. How keen the competition may be remains to be seen, but surely it is keeu enough already, when the only object in life for some few of our ladies seems to be the vieing with one another in matters of dress. But a certain public entertainer, the proprietor of the Glassblowing Exhibition, now being held iu oue of the smaller rooms of the Town HalL is determined not to be outdone by the above. On Monday last he offered a prize to the gentleman who should bring most ladies to the Exhibition with him. Guess if the above state of affairs is going to continue I shall be inclined to charter some ladies' school. Oh, ye caterers for public amusement, to what will ye not descend in order to gain patrons ! At a dinner party one evening this week a smart lawyer of our City, well kuown as a constant aspirant after Parliamentary honors, was unexpectedly asked the following question by a gentleman sitting opposite hiin, whom he had noticed in deep discussion for some considerable length of time with the gentleman on his right:—"Mr. , my friend aud I should deem it a favor if you would kindly settle this knotty point for us. Is it lawful for a man to marry his widow's niece?" Called upon so unexpectedly the lawyer did not grasp the gist of the query all at ouee: aud consequently begged to have it repeated. Which done, he rapidly went over in his mind the whole table of " kindred and affinity, wherin whosoever are related are forbidden to marry.' But no mention was made here of the case 1 he wanted; and as a last resort he took to telling upon his fingers what relationship the said person would bear to the said man. But now lie saw it; a weasel had beeu caught nappiug ; and he joined in the laugh at his own expense. There may seem to be nothing in the above to the reader, as he leisurely peruses it, but let him just go aud unexpectedly propose this question to the first person he uievts, and then reckon how mauy seconds elapse before an answer is forthcoming- 