FELLING -THE UPAS. (STAWtrLL CH3EO-CLE2. I don't know what you may think of it, ladies and gentlemen, but I am quite clear,as to my belief that we are going to lose the services of a worker who has worked for love,- and -fr the best in terests .of~this .community. Tlere:is, in some circles, a kind ofshrinking from any iprpnunced course! and from, any downright work,.as if labor was not prayer?and,'of all things, most honor able. The rugged, manly work that Mar. Burnett has undertaken and carried out here, will be a beaded string in his history, jewelled,: let us trust, with lives reformed and men and women saved.. I know it to be the custom, after a poor and decrepid manner, to sneer at all things having, in the least, the, garb of religion; but, so long as we can point to one man or woman whose feet have been placed "on the king's highivay," we, in such a case, contemplate a work accomplished that is hard to be borne, and one which means the bearing of the true burthen and heat of the day. We, in our emi nence of respectability, think little of all this, perhaps; but does it ever occur to' any one that it is in this direc tion the sparrows fall ? Is it not here the weaklings of the. race cluster, and where the hand should be lifted that relieves the load ? What has this fighter with fire-water done ? He has given his time, his energy, his health, in the one cause. He is possessed of but the one sentiment; and if but one out of._'every hundred clings to the resolve that plants him above tempta tion, is there not a home made happier, and does:ndt a prospect dawn to him or her likei to that first Christmas day when the angels came with healing on their wings ? I am not sentimental, but this work does seem to me to be brave work. It means the conferring of happiness and. peace on those who have been desolated by the ghosts and demons that seized and held then ý The picture is always the same. and always painted in the chaos of madness and the wildness of afri;ght. Who of us can see the man clothed and in his right mind without recognition of the value of the labor done ? Torch bearers and singers will die out of re collection, but the life that is saved and snatched away from destruction is some thing that will live. The example so offered is one that will permeate and spread Footprints that perhaps another, Sailing o'er life's troubled main, Some forlorn and shipwrecked brother Seeing, may take heart again. Such is the work that has been going on amongst us, and such the doing that is about to quit us. Can you or I point a finger at one who is drawn back from the border land of unreason? Are there not many with the fresh and altogether new atmosphere of heart and intellect around them-those who see the feverish past as such ? Are there any, behind whom the temptations lie wrecked and powerless? Where has the struggler stamped upon the crave? Show me the one instance in which the calm, new life has been entered upon, and I will show you a work for man to be proud of. You and I are not of those who can roll up and hide the web that is being woven ; we cannot pretend that its warp and woof are not made up of the very best and dearest con siderations 'of humanity. "Peace on earth and good will to men" is now said to a wrong translation, but nothing fitter was ever uttered than at. that time when the shepherds watched over their flocks by night; and they who utter it every day by yoice and labor are the apostles of our time. 