) THE P H A N T 0 11 N E R,. ) - TA.ftoi'i/o/theOldffolddvff/hiffdai/x,) " Thll you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old ) geutlemau of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar i affair that happened on Tallmana Gully, in 1859." S We wore all attention, and listened to the very reinark- ( able narrative he related in the following manner : / . "You must know," commenced my uncle, "that I and , \ four mates were living in a teat on the banks of the i ( river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ) we were most, unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to \ keep us in the commonest tucker. Alter our cveiycuy s work, you may bo sure we were tired enough ; but wo were ) eveiy night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink N of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This ( confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did J not cc.asc until the break of day. One night we were \ determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the / bright moonlight, .and saw .a figure in a coarse red flannel ' ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard .at work by an \ old claim which had been deserted for many yc.ars. I was / chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; J but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, \ transfixed with horror, — for the weaver of the digger's / clothes was no linhif/ man, hat a xjuiloton " Uncle Ned 1" we .all cried, " how fearful." C "One night, our tent wiis visited by , a handsome, well- r to- do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who N enquired for a digger of whom wc knew nothing .about. C He told us that in '51 lie and a mate of his deserted from / one of Her Majesty's..ship3, and started for the Tallnians S gold fields. They wj3rkod with pretty good luck for a few ( months, when the new comer wenii down to Melbourne to / SCO' about some letters. Before lie went,, lie said to bis S mate,. 'Bob, vyhatcver you do, never stop working tbe C claim for a day until I come b.ack.' Bob pi'omiscd, aii-l / they parted. ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the e.x- \ digger, ' and there was arrested as a, deserter, and sent on C bparcl ; arid now that I have obtained my discharge, I / h, ave hastened up kcre to find ray old chum.' 'You will \ see him to-night,' I said; 'but you'll find him veiy much changed'.! At midnight, the everlasting clink of the ) phantomls pick was beard, aiidw'e all turned out. ' Ah I ' \ cried th6> sailor, ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I am ( b.ack. ', Bob, speak to me.' He ran, to the figure, which / turned its hideous face 6a bim.. With aloud shriek the seeker \ fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its pick, .and v.an'ished. lii the mdrning .we discovered the .poor .sailor a raving lunatic." . ; : . \ " Oh, uncle Ned, what a , fe.arful story." ' ; "Well, iyo'u 'asked ".Kio to tell! yoir'a Affby, arid I have ) done so." , J " Theiv,fit'is'riot:true , v .'.'. Well, sfiid ouiMinclc. laughing, ",it is as true 'as many ) of;- the .absurd yarns th.ab got! about during the raging of V the gold fever. Ali, those were strange days,, when men would undergo any amount of . privation for a few- ounces ) of gold;-; iHow.differ'ent it is now; for should a ni.aii be pusheil for a l.ai'ge or small amount all that he- ha,s to do is to have an interview/with ' ! '> < ' . ) DAFID HENRY, of ' 52 . Collins street east, V Who h.as-froin :(15 to £10,000 to lend onnotesof hand, bills of.; sale, ;(-wiDh- or without security); sal.ary orders, life ) pbiicics, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, V merchandise, ou'e-xpected remittances,' or, on moneys per- ;; ' sons may Ire entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., ) repayable to suit the couvenionce of borrowers. V Bills discounted d.aily at the lowest rate of interest, and morfgagcs from G per cent; 