ITALY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 'HOME, JULTS. I Increased wealth and luxury, combin with increased facility of locomotion, h produced an annual autumnal exodus in the cities of Europe to a degree which was to known 30 or 40 years ago. But here Home the phenomenon may be observed in very much more accentuated degree than an where else in the world. Here not only there an absolute cessation of all public are almost of all social life during the months July, August, and September, but the end aspect of the city, and the mode and habit of life of those who remain in it, are striking different from anything that those visits are cognizant of who frequent the stern City during the rest of the year. Of course the special circumstances of the climate Home are the fundamental causes of the phenomenon in question. Homo is know to be unhealthy during the months I have mentioned, or at least during the latter ty of them. And it is far more certain that not unhealthy, it is hotter than is pleasant But these facts would not produce the rest in question in anything like the same degree in any city not characterised by a special peculiarities of the ordinary denizens of this entirely unique Rota It would not be possible for so large portion of the inhabitants of any other end to absent themselves from their homes during so great a part of the year. There is large autumnal exodus from London every year, and we are accustomed to hear in a stereotyped phrase of the fashionable word that " there is not a soul in town." But, a fact, those who go from London are as padre in the ocean compared to those who stay i it. The little world of the upper ten thousand and the haunts patronised by them may present a changed appearance, but the great hall of London rolls on with a constancy and un formity only to he compared to the ebbing and flowing of the ocean tides. Ear other is the change that comes over the Eternal City as soon as the Parliament he separated for the long summer vacation. An no doubt the recent events which have met morphosed the fortunes and fate of Rome have contributed to make the phenomena am speaking of more marked and striking No sooner has the President of the Chamber announced that the members will receive notice of the reassembling of the House a their own homes which means in Italian: Parliamentary language that the session is man end-than the deputies and senators rush out of Rome like schoolboys a the breaking up of school for the holidays. The official world though perhaps not quite so hurriedly makes it best haste to go " out of town." The King and the Court have already gone. Now the Pope and the cardinals, in the days when they and their surroundings made up the official and Court life of Rome, did not go away. The foreign visitors, it is true, but then as they do now. But the sudden change was by no means such as it is now. The usual phrases employed to indicate the desertion of a city by a large part of its hills bitants that the city is dead, that it is a desert, and the like are by no means fitted to describe the change that comes over Rome as soon as the July sun begins to shine in earnest. In a certain sense the city is more alive than ever. It must be remembered that it is a foreign element that has been with drawn from it-foreign in the sense in which that word is still understood by the Romans. Whether the strangers within the gates which have made so large a portion of the ordinary population have come thither from the banks of the Thames, or the Hudson, or the Po, they are all foreigners to the native born and bred Roman. It must be remembered, also, that to a greater degree than in any other place in the world, the ordinary daily occupation, the usual work a-day business of the native Romans, consists in providing for the accommodation, the wants, the amusements of the foreign visitors. The months during which they are in Rome are the working time of the Romans the period during which their means of subsistence is gained The time of their absence is the Roman holiday. And they forthwith proceed to enjoy it by living after their own fashion, as they do not live while they have the Northern stranger among them. There comes over the Eternal City a sort of derailing air as soon as the foreigners have taken themselves off a kind of dressing gown-and-slippers ease and idleness, and a sort of general understanding of each other and intimacy of behaviour as one may call it, which seems to say, "There, thatisdonelThey are off and we can now live our own lives." Nobody any more is in a hurry. Everybody takes his ease. Long sleeves are the order of the day. If you were to ring at a man's door at any time from noon to 4 in the afternoon, the servant would look at you much as you would be looked at in any other place and time if you came at 3 o'clock in the morning. During those hours the streets are absolutely still silent, and deserted. But about 4 o'clock in the afternoon there comes with almost unfailing regularity a delicious breeze from the sea, some 18 miles distant, and Rome begins to awake from her midday sleep. And from that time for about the next 12 hours a stroll in any part of the town will show the exploring visitor a series of scenes of Italian life such as those who draw all their ideas of it from the aspect offered by the city at other times never witness. Here is such as I am able to give it to you, a sketch of one such scene, an intensely Roman bit of life, witnessed beneath the light of a Roman moon, which completed all the circumstances of the time and place into a wonderful homogeneity of poetic perfec- tion. Everybody who has been at Rome remembers the " Temple of Peace," and everyone who has seen engravings or photographs of the Roman antiquities must have been struck by the enormous masses of the colossal ruin so called. Of course every learned archaeologist declares that all the other learned archeologists know nothing about it, and that the huge fragment in question was unquestionably this, that, or the other, but certainly not a " Temple of Peace." I believe that the latest fashion is to call the same, ratio ruin the Basilica of Constantine. But the Roman popular world and tradition turn a deaf ear to the learned, and continue to call it the "Temple della Pace." Those gigantic arches are backed by a monster wall, which shuts them in so as to form what might be described as three bins of a wine cellar, magnified some fifty millions of times 1 Close at hand on one side is the Coliseum, on the other the Forum, and in front the Via Sacra and the Palatine-hill. You are then in the very central heart of old Imperial Rome, and of the grandest of its remains. The modern city, with its hum, and its rattle, and its vul- gaieties and splendour is far away on the other side of the hill of the Capitol, out of sight and out of hearing. This was the spot which a little society of the lovers of the old national and popular music had selected for a sort of tournament of their favorite art form grand "Mandoli made," a festival of Mandolines. It was impossible to have chosen better, either place or time. Of the former something has been said, but not half enough to express all the charms, the poetry, the especial appropriate- ness of the locality. The time was as lovely a moonlight night as ever shone on that marvellous fragment of a colossol.vvall, the work of the ancient kings, who were before the Republic was, which supports the Capitol I -a Roman moon, the vividness of whose ] light causes the outlines of the shadows to be as sharply marked as those at midday. And wonderful was the picturesque effect of the vast line of those masses of shadow. The huge curves of the enormous arches of the Temple della Pace, so high above our heads that they seemed to be suspended half-way between them and the stars in the firmament, where I designed on the flags of the Via Sacra and the open spaces between the Arch of Titus and the Coliseum. The former of these standing white and ghost-like in its isolation was bathed in the silvery light, and a great part of the grand curves of the Collseurr had their mellow brown turned to gold by it. The audience, collected by the notice that had been very informally given of the intention to hold such a festival, streamed in very promiscuously, peers and peasants being mingled in very fraternal style, and very leisurely, that some five or six hundred persons were gathered together. The performers who were about to give a specimen of their skill were seven players on the mando- line and five whose instrument was the guitar. They were stationed in the central part of the vast space covered by the ancient vault, and were grouped around a director, 01 conductor. The remainder of the space was filled by the audience, placed very much as libitum. There was no notion it must be understood, of producing a performance to be paid for. The entrance to the Temple della Pace was as free to all as it always is. Indeed it could not well be otherwise, seeing that the entrance consisted of one entire side of the once enclosed building. A considerable number of chairs had been brought thither, and these were almost exclusively occupied by the ladies. The rest of the audience disposed of themselves as they liked and as best they might. Had it been otherwise, one special feature of the picturesqueness of the whole thing would have been lost. There are a great number of fragments of the world of architecture that has perished here lying about in all directions shapeless masses of brickwork, huge fragments of marble columns, gigantic bits of cornice frieze, or other ornamental stone- work, which have been hurled from the places assigned to them by the builder some 50ft. or 60ft. above our heads in the day of ruin and have remained ever since, for who shall say liOYv many generations, in picturesque confusion here and there about what was once the floor of the temple. All these were put into requisition for seats and points of vantage for the seeing as well as hearing the players. This freedom of entrance was very essential to the character of the whole affair. It might have been expected perhaps à priori that in so large a city as Rome Buch total absence of exclusion might have led to the filling of the place with roughs and the Arabs of the streets. But no such apprehension would have occurred to those who know Borne. There was a great mixture of classes among the audience but no portion of it belonged to quite the lowest. A good many seemed to be " campagnol!"--country folks-and they were by no means the least critical among the audience. But though it was free to everybody to walk in at their pleasure to the huge cavernous arches of the old temple, it had seemed good to some to establish themselves on the roof ! There are some holes in the vaulting, made probably when the building was first ruined. At all events they have been exactly as they are now time out of mind ; ragged-edged, round holes, looking as if somemightystonefrora the roof, or from the exterior ornamentation of the temple, had crashed through the solid brickwork, breaking it like an egg-shell. These holes in the roof are fringed about by the growth of grasses, and weeds, and even shrubs, with which at Rome Nature so quickly and so assiduously clothes all man's ruins. And admirably as this growth of nature's unassisted gardening adds to the picturesque appearance of the hoary rain, it looks as if it might render it considerably dangerous to approach from above the holes which have been described. And in the beautiful and beautifying, but uncertain and deceptive light of the moon it seemed quite within the limits of the probable that anybody selecting that commanding position for taking a view of what was going on below might arrive more rapidly than agreeably among the assembly of dilettanti so far beneath him. Nevertheless, with that persistent determination to lose no fair opportunity of breaking their necks which characterises the rising generation in all parts of the world, a number of the Speranze della Patria had perched themselves up there on the roof of the ruined temple and their faces could be seen peering over the edges of the chasm, and among the bushes, at the assembly of their less ambitious elders below. They had some papers, too, which lighted up their faces and gleaming eyes, and the edges of the old brickwork, and the growth of weeds around them, in a manner that, if possibly objectionable to their parents, was at least exceedingly picturesque. As is invariably the case in every instance of such gatherings everywhere, but more especially in Italy, and most so of all at Home that portion of the assembly which belonged to the higher strata of the social Pyramid was by far the least interesting. The summer night toilettes of the ladies were many of them very pretty, as well as the wearers of them; and the effect of the bright-coloured and delicate tissues against the stern old walls and cavernous back- grounds, and the dark eyes flashing out of darker corners, was by no means bad. But the main interest-the psychological interest, if I may be pardoned for using so grand a word centred in the popular portion of the audience, and especially in those from the country. Quito in the front, and not far from the little circle of the 12 performers, sat on the recumbent fragment of a marble column, a chocolate, as judicially intent on the performers as ever was a critic whose need was fame and whose frown damnation in the stalls of a theatre at a first representation. Do you know what a coccinea is If you have been at Rome, or if you know Piranesi's engravings, you know the man, though you may not know the name, which you will not find in the ordinary Italian dictionaries. A chocolate is so named from the peculiar dress in which he values his legs, the same, beyond a doubt, that his remote ancestor used when the column on which my coccinea is sitting was the place. Above the sandal of untanned sheepskin which is bound on to the foot by a multiplicity of ligatures, -a swathing of linen is tied tightly round the log by things, which cross and recross each other all the way up to the knee, so as to divide the surface of the limb into a number of diamond-shaped spaces. Above the knee a pair of homespun blue woollen breeches, and above them a sheep- skin jacket, and on high days and holidays a scarlet waistcoat and a peaked felt hat, with a bit of coloured ribbon and perhaps a feather in it complete his costume. Artists of all sorts and all climes, since the time when first the nineteenth century invented the picturesque, have known the value of him. At home on his native Sabine or Latian hills, or in the further mountains of the Abruzzi, he tends Ina flocks where and as his fathers have tended them for the last 2,000 years and more, and after the methods and maxims still to be read in Virgil's Georgica. Thus his music is rarely other than that of the world-old come- intense, the Campagna, as it is called in these parts, on which my friend on the column under the arches of the Temple della Pace is doubtless himself a performer. And he feels that his skill gives him the the right to be critical on these city minstrels, of whom, if the truth were known, he has not a very exalted opinion. He sits bending forward on his seat, with his broad-brimmed hat shading his gleaming eyes, while the long straggling black locks escaping from under it hang wildly to his shoulders, with one foot raised in advance of him on a high footstool formed of a broken capital, and his long stick lying between his legs and against his shoulder. His head, and occasionally every part of his body, moves in time to the market! is) that of the mandoline, which isgivingavvoH. known popular melody that he has doubtless often played on his own Campagna. The monoplanes is playing it doubtless, far better than he CY or heard it played before. And he is probably, in reality, well aware of that fact ; but he would not for the world allow anybody to' suppose for an instant that he was listening with any other feeling than that" of indulgent superiority. Further back, in the remote obscurity of the cavernous arch, might be described four or five girls in their bright-coloured red or blue bodices, short petticoats, and square-folded white handkerchiefs on their heads, sitting in a row together on a bit of low brick wall. No doubt each one has her darn her sweet- heart-and knows, probably, well enough that he is somewhere among the audience. If they were town folks lad and lass would be together. But such are not country manners. And a nature-taught feeling of shyness would make it more unpleasant than pleasant for each of the pair to exhibit themselves as a pair in public. The girls are no critical hearers at all events. They are simply in ecstacies of delight with the music and one must be blind not to see that the longing To dance is making every nerve in their bodies vibrate in time to the tune. The " genteel" portion of the audience is, of course, more composed and less demonstrative. Nevertheless they also are evidently much pleased with the evening's entertainment; and a very decided "by! his!" demanded a repetition of three or four of the pieces. Thetruthisthattheplaying was remarkably good, and produced effects from the instrument which those not acquainted with it would have been surprised to find that it was capable of. The selection of pieces ployed was by no means confined to the popular airs of the streets and surround- ing hills of Rome, Several pieces of classical music were excellently well given. And take it altogether, I believe that none of those who witnessed the Mandolinata under the arches of the Temple della Pace will soon forget the evening when it took place. 