OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] All Melbourne is laughing at the proposal on foot to ridicule the embassy to England by sending home black Harrison as a burlesque ambassador. For the benefit of your readers who may not be acquainted with the name and fame of Henderson Africanus I may explain that this ebony gentleman is a kind of political hanger-on of low caste and for some years past has figured prominently as a political agitator at all public meetings of "the people's Melbourne. As an enthusiastic Berryite he has made himself notorious for his readiness to assist in I howling down conservative speakers and displaying his fervent admiration of politicians on the other side by throwing up his tattered hat or clapping his dirty hands after the most, approved fashion, In return for these valuable services he has been rewarded with cast-off suits of clothes, etc. and occasional commissions to collect accounts (for small accounts, of course). Some years ago he used to parade the streets of Melbourne and haunt the Civil Service departments with a band round his hat bearing the conspicuous words "Debt Collector." When a tradesman wished to annoy a long-winded creditor he would employ Black Henderson, and the latter would accordingly dog the steps of the unfortunate creditor, particularly when other persons were present, until he succeeded in getting the amount of the claim or received such a thrashing that he had to retire discomfited. It happened that these thrashings were very numerous, and as there was no commission allowed for personal chastisement received, or insulted dignity, Henderson found it advisable to alter His tactics and devote more of his time to the regeneration of the political world and the advancement of the great liberal party. And I dont think that a single day's sittings of the Legislative Assembly has been held during the past year or two at which he has not been present. But alas ! for political probity. Some of the members of the conservative party (with more money than sense, perhaps) have hit upon the expedient of sending home Henderson Africanus as a mock ambassador, to travel in the same vessel as Berry and Pearson; visit the Colonial office in London ; go through all the ceremonies of a duly accredited and important embassy, and, In general, dog the footsteps of Messrs. Berry and Pearson like a ghost, (a black one, of course). A semi-public meeting was held the other night at which the chairman and various speakers, some of them holding good commercial positions in Melbourne, went through the solemn farce of making speeohesinadvooaey of Henderson's mission, and sub mitting resolutions in support of it. It was agreed that subscriptions should be obtained (professedly from working men, but really from men chants and others) for tho purpose of paying the expenses of Henderson's trip. An application was made to book him for a saloon berth in the R.M.S. Assam, the steamer by which the Chief Secretary is going to England, but the captain declined to take the coloured ambassador in that part of the ship, and so he will have to be content with a second-class cabin. He will be given a few pounds in cash, to pay the incidental expenses of the trip, and arrangements have been made for him to draw so much a month while he is executing his mission in England. Henderson himself is jubilant. Rigged out in a new suit of clothes, he parades the principal streets of the city with great dignity, nods familiarly at " my friends Sir ; the honourable Money Bags, and other distinguished men; button-holes reporters, and generally asks the most popular and prominent conservatives to "have a drink." It's a great farce, altogether, but most people hardly know whether to feel annoyed or amused at this audacious practical joke. They intend to give the ebony ambassador a farewell banquet to-night. In my last communication to you I mentioned a difficulty which was felt by the Supreme Court judges in admitting Mr. J.H. Shaw.aNowZealand barrister and attorney, to practise as a barrister in Victoria. In New Zealand and Tasmania the two branches of the profession are amalgamated, but not so in Victoria, and one of the Victorian Supreme Court rules, directs that a person applying to be admitted as a barrister shall " have been admitted as a barrister in any British colony or possession, subject to the condition that the admission in such colony or possession is as a barrister solely." It appeared that Mr. Shaw had been admitted to the bar in New Zealand, and afterwards admitted to practise as an attorney, and the Victorian Board of examiners, who were disposed to put as liberal a construction as possible upon the rule, decided that the admission in New Zealand was " as a barrister solely, " and therefore gave Mr. Shaw his certificate. The judges appeared to be desirous of acting in the same spirit, and the Chief Justice is reported to have said that the board occupied an analogous position to that of the benchers of the Inns of Court, and the judges would not interfere with their decision unless there was an appeal, and no appeal had been lodged in this case. At the same time both the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Barry stated that they were not to be considered as having given a judicial decision on the points involved in Mr. Shaw's application, and if any application of the same kind was made on a future occasion, and the question should be brought before them in such a way as to necessitate a decision, this case was not to be taken as a precedent. Mr. Shaw was accordingly admitted. December 20th, 1873. 