THE REV. CHARLES CLARK'S LECTURE. The Rev. Charles Clark made his first ap pearance before a Gladstone audience on Saturday evening last ; and met with a most enthusiastic reception. Mr. Clark has won an enviable position as a lecturer, botli in the Australias, America, and even in ' mother land," and his advent in Gladstone was hailed by all lovers of the beautiful, with unmistakeable feelings of delight ; and if pos sible that feeling was enhanced when it be- , came known that Mr. Clark would deliver that grandest gem in his brilliant "repetoire" — " Westminister Abbey." The hall might have been more crowded ; but the interest in the lecture was sustained for nearly two hours, and the general expressions of pleasure and delight, demonstrated very el early, that such lectiuvs as Mr. Clark delivers — which not only please, but educate — would produce a complete revulsion of feeling, in favor of this much despised and neglected form of enter tainment. "Mr. Clark's personal appearance is exceedingly preposessing, and there is an indescribable something in his intellectual, yet withal, open, manly face that compels at tention ; and the witchery of his clear, reso nant voice, his beautiful imageries, his purity of diction, his unlimited flow of chaste lan guage, holds that attention withoiu break, and without the aid of notes during the whole delivery. It is no easy matter to stand, unaided by nr.y extraneous or supplementary adjuncts, in the shape of music and song — to excite an audience, win and rivet attention, as does Mr. Clark in his in imitable orations. There is a bond of aym pathy established between the lecturer and his auditory as soon as the delivery com mences, aye even before — for the eloquence that is in him sparkles from his expressive eyes. The beautiful, chaste, fascinating, loveable " Westminister Abbey," presented by Mr. Clark, with all the fervid eloquence of this great orator, is a thing not soon for gotten. We referred to Mr. Clark's " Tower of London " lately, as an historical poem ; we now say that " Westminister Abbey " is the grandest historical poem we ever heard or read — poetry in every line. Clothed with rich and inestimable associations, this " loveliest and most loveable thing in Christendom " was presented as only Mr. Clark could present it. A history of a grand, noble structure — the pride of every Englishman — is given us so powerfully, so expressively, and painted in such beautifully brilliant colors, that the noble structure in its noblest, grandest and sublimest aspect, is vividly displayed to our enraptured gaze. We live in the years of the past — participating in the joys, the conviviali ties, and the sublimity of a dead age. We see, by the aid of Mr. Clark's magic eloquence, the heroes of centuries in all their chivalry and glory ; brought face to face with them — revelling in the pleasures of their society — admiring spectators of their u deeds of glori ous valor," spell-bound by their impassioned utterances, or their astute, philosophic propo sitions. Pictured to the very life, the heroes of dead centuries live again their lives of heroism. To attempt a description of this " grand oration" in our columns would for sooth, do Mr. Clark :m injustice. Even were we to produce a verbatim report of the lee- ture, it would hick the magic touch of Mr. Clark's eloquence. It must be heard, to be appreciated to the full. The beautiful chaste introduction, where the orator spoke of " the indescribable fascination possessed by the antique, alike in nature and art," was indeed aomethingtoberemeinbered. The elocutionary abilitiesof the lecturer , vrereshown at their beat when, the times and ''follies "of FalstafT and Poins and Prince Hal " were sketched ; and the Prince raised to a kingship, threw off his old associations, became the brave and loved leader of his armies, and reached the acme of hisbraverybefore Agincourt, where hegavethat stirring address immortalized by Shakespeare- Mr. Clark's rendering of this address was without excep'ion the finest piece of elocu tion it has ever been our lot to hear. The climax was reached when the lecturer gaye utterance to the cry "God for Harry ! Eng land ! and St. George !" and thunders of ap plause burst from every part of the house. In pathos Mr. Clark is unrivalled, and he is. no less a humorist, his happy and apt allusions were greeted with delighted expressions of pleasure. An -actor of sterling quality, his characters are made real living personages and not mythical creations of the imagination. Mr. Clark has left an impression behind, that years, will not efface, and his name will be treasured by many as that of a great teacher, whose mission must result in- ho9>r, and incal culable good- He is a teacher di mm and an unrivalled teacher too. May he long be spared to instruct, delight and exercise a re fining influence upon his fellows. The Rev. Charles Clark, delivered his highly entertaining lecture on " fflmrlqft Dickens,' in the Institute. Hall, Laura, |bu Monday evening last, to a large auditory. The lecturer's sketch of the great novelist, was unique, and his rendering of "Bob Sawyers Party," and " Sairey Gamp and Betsy Prig," were received with delighted ex pressions of appreciation. His interpretation of the well loved, and renowned author's writings was a splendid success ; and the at tention of the auditory was rivetted through out the hour and three quarters Mr. Clark occupied the platform. It was a rich treat. " This is scarcely the season," says the South-Eastern-Star, " at which newspaper readers expect to meet with snake stories, nor agriculturists to receive injuries from the progeny of that wise one who so exci ted the curiosity of Mother Eve as to make her eat the forbidden fruit and entail upon mankind the necessity of incurring tailors' bills ; yet even in those chiUing days of August his snakeship has manifested him self, and that to a resident of this district, in a painful manner, In the hot weather which succeeded last harvesting operations: Mr. E. Boneham, of Kalangadoo, became aware, that a haystack upon his premises harbored a spake, and several ineffectual attempts were made to dislodge the reptile. As time wore on and wintry weather pre vailed nothing more was thought of the matter. On Thursday, August 15, how ever, Mr, W. T." Boneham, a young man about 19 years of age, and son of the pro prietor, was in the act of cutting out a por tion of the stack for forage purposes when he was suddenly bitten an his. left knee by the snake. Mr. Bonehem, sen.., who was at once informed of the circumstance, im mediately tied a tight bandage above the wound, made an incision into the flesh where it had been bitten, sucked the poison exploded a few grains of gunpowder upon the scarified place, and with as little delay- as possible drove his son into Gambierton and consulted Dr. Jackson. The marks of the fangs of the snake were clearly dis cernible when the surgeon looked at the- wound, but the proper remedies having been applied the patient was soon out of' danger. He is not expected to suffer any further inconvenience front the mishap, but, Dr. Jacksen recommends that in-all cases, of snake bite the bitten flesh should be- cut clean out. We regret to say that the- snake which bit Mr. Boneham, jnn., made- good its retreat." "For heaven sake," exclaims the Syd ney Evening News, " let us Call a spade a, spade, and when a member of Parliament is fined for being drunk, and remanded to. prison for medical ..treatment, don't let us. indulge in maudlin ittJIMfeatoafctlke hon.. gentleman's illness rendering it likely that he will resign his seat' If some poor- Billy Smith is brought before magistrates: ami fined, the fact is recorded without any reference to the poor fellow's feelings ; and when Mi. William Teeoe, member for- Gonlbm-n, disgraced himself, the Assem bly, and the colony, it is right that every one should know it. How can we expect, the standard of character and manners in the Assembly to be raised except by the electors being informed of the deeds <" their chosen representatives. Mr. Teece was fined the other day for drunkenness,, and subsequently was arrested for the- misdemeanor in a church at Prramatta, and; was remanded to gaol for medical jreafc- ment. This worthy member of Parliament now says that he is quite well, and does, not intend to resign. For his own sake, and that of his excellent family, we trust, he will resign, and endeavor in the future, to justify the high hopes that were once- formed of him. Perhaps the good people- of Goulburn will not take the same view that he does of his. recent Mlness,' but will demand his resignation in no uncertain terms. A clever piece of work has l>een accom plished in the Bands Department, an erring officer of long Standing bpmg the victim. Kleptomania, does not confine- its victims to valuables in the shape of m.oney or jewellery, but permits of operations on, sweetmeat , or in their absence, on the ex cellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half-hour forenoon interval. In one branch of the land office a day has never passed over without complaints of some unscru pulous hand being laid on lunch baskets. One gentlemen was victimised four times successively, and the horrible presentiment came to his mind that the- chief of the- branch was the culprit. A conference was held, and it was decided to bring the offender to justice. -The whole of the luncheon next day were liberally served with tariic emetic. At about 1 the chief felt disinclined to dine, and at 2 was sure he was attacked by cholera or typhod. Half an hour later the . real symptoms were apparent, and the-ayn>p&thiea.; of the department increased a& the> tableau drew irgh. He was sure he was goang to give up the ghost, as he had bad .a. fearful (foae, but instead of that gave up .the dinner. Traces of many, a laraented--.rtit-bit were forthcoming, and the chief -itidue course vM led bck Absd ' lighter mafi. He baa since petitioned for the removal, it is- said, of the chief conspirators On the ground of insubordination. 