ITALY. {From the London Tablet, January 153.) THE LAST MOMENTS OF VICTOR EMMANUEL. Out of fcho oonfl.icfciuf5 accounts respecting the administration of the laot Sacramonts to tho King the truth begins to shape itself. On the Monday, aa soon ao the Pop-T heard of hio Majesty's dangerous illness, his Holi ness sent Mgr. Marinelli to inquire, investing him with full powers to deal with hio pace. Mgr. Marinelli, however, wa3 not permitted to see the King, on the pretest 'chat his visit might have v.u unfavourable effect on fcho health of the, patient. The next day, Tues day, the Pope again cent him, and with the Game result. But about eleven o'clack in the forenoon of Wednesday fche physicians in attendance intimated to the King that lie must prepare for death. Hio Majesty was seated' in 'on armchair, and when the doctors wanted fco carry him to bed, he said, ' Let me die my own way.' A little before noon he sent for hio chaplain, Canonico Anzino, and made his confession. Either before ov af tei1 receiving it the chaplain went to the neighbouring parish church of SS. Vinceazo and AnasfcaVio'fco aok for the Yiaticum and fche Holy Oils. The parish priest, or his substitute who was in charge, thereupon went to obtain special permission horn, the Cardinal- Vicar, who immediately gave i_fc5 and, it is said, brought the priest back in Ma owe carriage. 'The Viaticum was accordingly ? cidzniniatered to She dyinp; King with great pomp, the Prince, the Ministers, and the Cousfc- officials bearing fcapexn. Soon after the King's communion Mgr. Marinelli arrived for the third time from the Vatican, and was immediately introduced into the Eiag's foo333 and hjo Majesty, cordially shaking him by the hand, begged him to 'ohank the Holy Eather and bid him good bye. Immediately afterwards Extreme Unc'don was administered, and then the King began to trika leave of those about him. All were much affected, and seeing the Princess Margaret in team, the King eaid to her, « Why waep ? Bo you uofc kaow, figliola mia, thafi we mu3t all die'' ; and to the others, ' Do not weep, even Kings themselves are mortal.' JKq then asked to be left aloae with Prince Humbert and Princess Margaret, and during that solemn interview left his last injunctions with bio successor. What these wore nobody knows with any certainty, but according to the Gazzeita d' Italia ifc io believed at the Quirinal that the dying King earnestly recommended fco his son the interests of Italy and of 'religion. The Prim© Minister, the Chamberlain, General Medici, and several officers of tho household, together with the physician and the King's vclefc, were then ro^cdmited, aad the King seemed io be better. Soon afterwards, however, he sank back exhausted in his chair, and was carried to the bed. on which be was propped up with pillows, and soon afterwards expired. It is impossible to help being struck with the contrast between this death-bed and that of others, who perhaps have not done greater harm to the Church, hut have always remained outside her pale. The difference which the possession of the faith makes is oimply incalculable. TEE ADMINISTRATION OF THE 3ACEAMENT3 TO THE KIN&. Dr. Bruno had attended the King in a violent illness in 1869, at San Rossore, and on that occasion had advised his Majesty to prepare for death by seeing a priest. On this occasion, likewise, Professor Bruno un dertook tho unpleasant duty of reminding the King that his religious duties ought to be considered. His Majesty then made hia confession to his private chaplain, Canon Auzino, and received from him the Viaticum and Extreme Unction. The Blessed Sacra ment was introduced into the King's chamber by Canon Anzino, the torches being carried by Prince Umberto, Princess Marghorita, and other .personages,' who knelt reverently round the bod while hiajMnjesty received the sacred particle with fervent devotion. lie was pallid, but showed little external trace of approaching dissolution, and lay on his bed dressed in a plain shooting coafc. Canon Anaino had brought the Eucharist from the parish Church of SS. Vincenzo and Anaatasio at the fountain of 'JCVevi. The King had pre viously, in his confession, showed tho ueees*' sar-y disposition for the due reception ol~ the Sacrament; and had demanded pardon for the wrongs which he had oauEed to the Pope, Tho Cardinal' Vicar was applied to by tho parish priest of SS. Vincenzo and Auastasio | (the parish in which the Quirimd lies) for | leavo to supply tho Sacraments, txud his [ Eminence made no delay in granting the required- permiaoion. The Liberal aewc papers all stated that every due courtesy bad passed between the Courts of the King and the Pope. Bufc_it was not mentioned by them ihafc his Jrioliuosa, the moment he heard of the danger of the King'o lifo, aonfc a distinguished ecclesiastic to request an interview with the sick monarch and to minister to the King's spiritual consolation. This ecclesiastic was not; then admitted to the presence of Victor Emmanuel. The ecclesiastic sent on this occasion was Mgr. Mannelli, the Sacristan to hia Holiness, and a Biohop in partibus. Than Mgr. Marinelli ao milder nor gentler envoy could be selected for such a mission. Prince Umberto, it ia D&id;, was responsible for the non~ admission of Mgv. Mannelli to the King's chamber, being afraid the visit of a messen ger from the Pope would have an unfavour able effect on the health of his father. The King's fuaeral is to take place ia the PantheoD. Count Sclopis hag begged fco be encGOQcl, and will not come to Sonir, The Princess Clotilde has also declined to come. THE LYING IN STATE. Pour Franciscan monks watched by the body, in addition to the chaplain, aide*de» camp, ojc.j &c.; The effect of the lying in state was mot imposing, if; bore traces of the hurry in which ifc had been . go'c up ; the satin damask was somewhat faded and creased, and many of the candelabra were little better than theatrical ' properties.' Compared with the magnificence, e.g , of the lying in state of the Duke of Wellington at Chelsea, it was n very poor affair. A meet ing of the Municipal Council of Some was held at the Capitol. After an address made by Emanuele Ruspoli, the Syndic, a sub* scription was opened for the purpose of erecting a grand monument to the late Kiag. The sum mounted up ao once to fcho sum of 3200 lire. On the 'afternoon of the 10th the well-known painter, Vanutelli, made a sketch for a painting of the King a3 he appeared immediately after death, and another will be made of the lying in state. Oa the 10th the Count Mii'afioi'i left Rome suddenly for Mandria, where his mo'chev, the Contessn Miration, lies ill, and she had aofe foeaa in* ! formed of the deafch of her 'husband, She . King. ' IL ED GALANTtfOMO.' We are Hot disposed to carvy on5 over tho bie? of the Italian Kiog, a discussion con earning the acts of hio life. But the English papers are do extravagant ia theiv eulogise on what they conoids? fche absolute uprightv neas of his public conduct that we aes bound to remind them of the deliberate engage- [ mentc into which he entered to respect the Pontifical territory, engagements which, at the very first moment thafc it was possible to violate Shem with impunity, he hastened £o break. . When nearly all the non°Catholic world io eager to bestow on Victor Emmanuel the title of Cl Be Galantuoaio,' it is necessary to remember that it was only with the Italian Nationalists thct he kept faith, and never with iho Holy See. Having said fehis by way of reservation, we cannot do better than quote the words of the Oaservatore Somauo : ' History in its own time will record its judgment upon King Victor Emmanuel, and what he did, and posterity will give its pronouncement. Catholics, and particularly iho Catholics of Some, learning the magnanimity of the Common Eather of the faithful, and obedient to the example which he has given them, will have but one word beside tho grave of Vicijor Emmanuel— that of -condolence and peace.' The Vocc dell a Verita, the other Roman paper . which takes its tone from the Vatican, writes in the same strain. MISCELLANEOUS. We regret fco learn that Don Carlos, who ia travelling incognito in Italy, has been robbed of his Collar of the Golden FJeeep, which is not only of great peaaniary value, but io believed to be the ornament made for Philip Duke of Burgundy, in 1430. on his founding the Order ia celebration of his third marriage. It is uncertain whether the theft was committed in Venice or at Milan, but ifc was discovered at the latter place. Don Carlos, who always carried it about with him, and had recently placed it in his fcmnk, found the case empty. j The Italian Parliament, has voted, with a large majority, the abolition of death as a punishment for crime. And the son-in-law of the Minister of Peace and Justice (Pier antoni, married to a daughter of Signor Mancini), has proposed that in future no murderess shall be given up to tho authori- i ties of foreign countries under the extradi tion laws, unless a pledge be given that tho j life of tho criminal shall be respected, A Capuchia friar in Turin has constructed a large and complicated work of mechanism!, by which the passions or cuiierings of the Saviour, fVom His condemnation before j Herod to His death on fcho croati, are mar- ' vellously represented. On a constantly receding platform the iigurea appear and tho scenes change. Not only are tho movements of tho automata lifelike, but tho figures aad scenery are master-pieces of art. The crowd clamouring for His death are represented by a very numerous group of iigures, which ;iro wonderfully distinct ia action and appear ance. The falling benoath tho cross on fche way to Calvary is painfully graphic. To rondo? quite audible the .lr.slung.of'-.bo whips of tho soldiers is ono of tho fune'dons of tho machinery. The scones at the plsco of e~o eufcioa and the death of the Saviour aro aaid to bo beyond praise, and a wariter ia a Turin paper declares that the extraordinary me- , chaniom-haa but one imperfection— tho capa city of making the figures articulate intelli gibly. This imperfection 'is chiefly evident when the v.oirdo are exchanged between the Iledeemei' and tho penitent thief. The sounds emitted from the figures are in ibis instance ludicrous ; but the .friar hopes to remedy this defect, and his mechanism will _ in all likelihood bo aa object of wonder at the Paris Exhibition. AMERICA. . THB CHAMPION e(T7IITG- SHOT.' {Irish American.) Oq Thursday, 3rd January, Captain A. H.v' Bogardas, the celebrated American 'wing shot,' accomplished, at Gilmore's Garden3 the unparalleled feafc of breaking five thon^ sand glass balls, sprung from traps, ia less than five hundred minufce&y; fair shooting from the shoulder. At forty zaiautea past two o'clock p.m. he entered the arena, end at thirty-one minutes past ten o'clock p.m. he had accomplished his task, having nineteen ' minutes twenty live seconds to spare. Such an exhibition was unique in the sense -fchat it combined great physical endurance with phenomenal accuracy of aim. The glass globes were sprung from two traps placed at eighteen yards rise. They ware about the size of an orange, of a dark b?owa colour, hollowj . with a small aperture'- ia one end, fitting into a 'cup t to which ia attached a string, the latter being held by a man seated j by the side of the marksman. Men were stationed at each side of tlie traps, who were kept busily engaged putting -the globes in . place as each double detonation pi'oclaimad fchei? fate. The markoman. appeased thEOughV ' ? out divested of coat and vest and as lie ' rapidly manipulated his piece and put it into I position, the terrible strain upou Ms nerves and muscle was apparent io t-he manner his sturdy frame was shaken afc each recoil. His . body was completely swayed to .and fro, and at times he barely succeeded . iu retaining a stationary position. Between the loading and firing there was scarcely any intermission, except when an exchange ol babels was , deemed advisable, and then the space eon* .' named' rarely exceeded move fchaa half a : , minute. i At the breaking of the 2000fch glaoa globe, Captain Eogardus rested foi' 47 minatee aad 15 secondG for refreshments, and Fecotn-' mencsd shooting at 5h. 46 aa. 153. He rested . again at tho end of the 3000fch score, at 6!s. 54m. 153., fo? 20 minutss and 15 seconds, and reaunied at 7k. Maa. 13s.,-mo3fc of the time being taken up in 'adjusting the stock of hJ3 ohofc-gun and iu oiling the barrels, which were of Scotfc's manufacture, the weapon weighing ten pounds, the cartridges used being charged with 3g- drackms of Wit : mar wood- powdofj and 1£: ounce's of No. 8 ? shot. At the second recess, it was found neces sary to rehabilitate the wooden partition which prevented the discharges doing damage to the Fourth avenue side of the building by intercepting the shot. It was draped with whito sheeting to throw the dark brown balls, as they were spun into the air from the trap, into bold relief. Imme diately to the rear of the marksman a large calcium light was situated, which throw its brilliant rays in the direction o£ the sheet* j ing, marking the course of the flying balls. Captain Bogardus showed painful traces of his laborious task as the blackboard recorded the score by the thousand. His right arm was swollen and pained him very much. His'aasiotants bathed and rubbed the injured member 5?ifeh arnica and brandy, and he again resumed his work with great spirit, while his indomitable will was traceable ia every line of his strongly-marked features. After he had broken 4000 balls he took another recess, and expressed himaolf as feeling very much fatigued. Ee was ohag j riaed afc the .frequency of tho misses of his favourite weapon, but accounted for it on the principle that from too long use ilie point ; which pierces the end of the cartridge became blunded, and so, in several cases, failed to explode the cartridges. lie completed the breaking of Ms first 1000 I hallo ia lh\ 5m. ; Ms second 1000 in Ik. 2m. 30^., when he rested for 47 minutes 25 : seconds at 5h'. -iQai. 15s. He continued Lis labours with slightly slower results to the end, making six rests of short duration ia the last 1000 sooro. lie vies ' so exhnu'siod towards the end that he was' obliged to com-. I pleto the teat 500 points sitting oil' a, chair, | He finally completed his tas-k at lOh.'-lOm. j 353., thereby having lUm. 35s. to spr.ro. Iu j the total gcoi'o, only 163 misses wero recorded against him. A TOUCHING SPECTACLE. Haw Father Lncombe, of the Congregation o'i: tho Qblatoss ol: Mary, a missioiitivy in the Arctic regioiiM of North America, lately received through liis Bishop, Mgr. Gran din, a parcel of letters among which was an autograph one of the Holy Father. While he was engaged iii reading the precious document, £the chief of his converted iiicliaiia'j pdbri£orp,us Herb,- approached and said to iinh : ' Father, the letter you are reading contains good news, you look bo pleased.' ' Yes,' answered the missionary, ' this letter comes from the great chief oi the iaith f ul, who represents Jesus Christ ' on earth ; his words cause joy and consolation every where.' 'What is his name1?' asked the neophyte. ' His name,' answered Father Lacombe, is 'Pius IX.' ' I suppose,' con tinued the chief,' ' that the pure lips of the faithful alone are allowed to utter such a name ; we dare not do it.' 'Not so,' rejoined the missionary, ' you may pronounce it also. You are catechu mens, and are about to become the children of Pius IX. ' 'If that is so,' said the ehief^ 'please repeat the greats . ntuiie of the eliiei of religion once iiiorej so that we may be able to remember it. ' Father Lacombe repeated several times, in a voice full of emotion, tile august name of Pins IX. ' Theiij*' lie' says, -s I beheld 'Cilc of tliQ nio' si touching spectacles tif. niy life. y£\iq old Indian chief rose to his Fihll height, as did also his companions. His tace seemed to be transfixed, whilst he shouted, at the top of his voice, ' Pius IX,' his companions following his example. After this, Odoriferous Herb said : ' Father, please show me the place where the eliifei of the faithful ^frt Ms viand to sign his name.' jfathes? liacombe then pointed out to him the St^Mture of the Holy Father, which the Chief kissed with affectionate respect, as did also all the rest — a sublime spectacle. All nations and all tongues unite in rendering a tribute of love and devotion to him whom God has placed over His Church. A TERRIBLE FIllE ON THE FllONI'IEK. Fort Walsh, Cypress Hills, B. F. W. Ter ritory.— West of the White Mud River, from the 5O5th to the 550th stone monument marking the d9th parallel, a hilly plateau rises, from which, ordinarily^ vj'ail be seen afar ofl* on the sky- line the Three Buttes of Sweet drass Sills, the Bear's Paw and the . Little Rooky Mountains. Just now, however, the whole of that region is filled with smoke. From Belly River along the frontier to Wood Mountain, northward at least fifty miles and south as many more, prairie and mountain tires are raging with unexampled fierceness. A month ago the deep snow passed away-, and winter was startled by the appearance ttf the ghost of Indian summe?* wliiell still holds sway. The prairie grass is dry and brittle, and 1he silver spruce and stumpy pine, which ?cover the hills are fit to blaze like tar-barrels. The fires began on Belly River, at the foot of the 'Rocky Mountains, in the middle, of November, swept eastward for a hundred miles, then reached out north and south, and are now rushing further south and further north, and still to the eastward with marvel ous swiftness. From the plateau of the White Mud looking towards all the land of the plain the eye can see notliing but clouds of smoke charged with the incense of burn ing balsam and sage brush rolling over the earth or going up 'us the smoke of a fur nace.' The prairie sod is as black and lifeless as an irisn scraw, ana iviotner i^arm gene rally is in a high fever. At present the smoke seems to grow thicker, while now and then, when the running scourge seizes a hill top, flames suddenly burst out and as sud denly die away. The buffalo is, to use a hunter's phrase, 'on the stampede. -; Thou sands of them, tens of thousands, have jessed between these hills and th i Buttes since the fires broke out, going in every direction at a mad gallop. The herd starts from the lire in good order and retreats in masterly style for two or three days ; but after that it breaks, scatbers and runs, 'the bulls bellowing ! COHVEKTING THE LAND OF THE PUHIT/.NS. | That the New England States — or some of them — are rapidly becoming Catholic, is an aosertion often made of late, more frequently, I however, by LJro!estanfc than by Catholic I observers. The last witness to this effect is the Manchester (N. 11 ) Mirror, which says :— ' Gut. observation teaches ua that the land of the Puritans is passing into the bauds of the Catholics by processes more rapid than it is pleasant to admit.. A few j years ago our foreign and Catholic popular | tion was confined mainly to our cities, and j one miQ-ht ride a week without finding a j follower of the Pope owning a farm. _ Now, I any of us can point to school districts peopled almost; entirely by them. In the country, aa in the city, they arc clannish, i and when one buys and settles on a farm | others follow, and in a few years they pos« j t-ess the whole neighbourhood, aud thus one 1 by one the old homeateads, tho nurseries oi | New England ideas and the cradle of Nev/ ; England sony, are slipping from the grasp of I the Yankees. Wo have said this is_ not a. | pleasant fact to contemplate, for while the j settlement upon our laod of n, Catholic I family brings to ucj much-needed boao and | oinew, and' often industry,, frugality, aud ! perseverance, it ia nn almost unerring sign ; thttt the daya of the Yankee community in | _ ? . that neighbourhood are numbered. For some reason the Catholics and tho New- England Protestanfcc do not make plca?aufc neighbours. They do not ?fratornisij, aud from tho start there is a marked line between them, and in the end ono folda his tent and departs fco seek more congenial neighbours. As wo have seen, it is generally tho Catholic who uiays and tho Prcleslaut who goes. This natural antagonism is not so muci tho result of their religious beliefs as of their central characters aud ways of living, which are vastly dif ferent.'' 