Pocketbooks are worn shorter this season. A Real Helpmeet.—The carver. The First Dim* on T.—Don't forget to cross it. Proverbial Philosophy.—It's a wise bird that knows its own feather. Motto for Sporting Gentlemen.—Never give offence in the hunting field, but take a fence. The " aerial quickstep" is what they call a hanging in Kansas.—American paper. "When does a wounded soldier resemble a war horse ? When he's hors de combat, to be sure. When a rider is thrown over a horse's head the horse becomes the power behind the thrown. The Season.—The lightning-rod swindlers will soon begin to operate. Spare the rod—but kill the agent.—Danielsonville Sentinel. Melancholy Reflection.—The sluggard is I bidden to go to the ant; but alas ! how often be goes to his uncle.—Fun. • A Long Lane.—" Economy is the road to wealth," and we begin to suspect that it is one which has no turning. Strawberry short-cake has made its annual spring debfit. As usual, it is nothing but the straw berry that is short. Sand is so scarce in some of the interior counties the people are obliged to boil up " new maple 6ugar" for building purposes.—Burlington Hawkeye. Not Missed.—"Do they miss you at ho me?" he asked, as she folded and put away a letter she had just received from her mother. "Never," she answered; " they call roe ' sis.'" " Down here in summer-time we take life easy," says a Texas paper; and then, as if to confirm the statement, there appears in the next column an account of " Three Men Killed at Camp-meeting." An Inference.—Doctor—Thomas, did Mrs. Ponjoy get the medicine 1 ordered yesterday ? Thomas— 1 believe so, sir ; 1 see all the blinds down this morn ing. A Californian philosopher extracted from a schoolboy the following reply to the query, " How is the earth divided, my ladf" "By earthquakes, sir." A Problem.—A door-knob fitted to receive and exhibit the photograph of the head of the house has been invented. They will probably have a slow sale until families can determine who is the head of the house.—New Haven Register. Long Ago.—There was h period of over one thousand years in the history of tills world when doors had no keyholes, and a citizen oould be seen feeling all over 'the door without exciting the least suspicion against his social standing. Bad Advice.—An indifferent actor was playing Cassio at a country theatre. When he came to the passage, " Oh, that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains," a sten torian voice roared from the gallery, " All right, old fellow, drink away; you're safe!" Reserved Judgement.—Lord Polkemmet used to describe his judicial preparations in a character istic manner: " Ye see," he would say, " I first read a' the pleadings, and then, and then after letting them wamble in my wamc wi' toddy twa or three days, I gie my ain interlocutor." The American Communist.—The " Balti more Gazette" describes the average Communist as an " ignorant man, with warts on his nose, a vagabond from birth, who hasn't made up his mind to take to the country as a tramp, and who lacks both the nerve and ingenuity to be a burglar." An Extreme Case.—A German professor, while lecturing on momentum to a junior class, related, in illustration of his subject,'an account of an explosion of gunpowder in one of the army'trains during the late war, on which occasion he said the horses were blown off their shoes. " But this," he added, "was an extreme case." Gayer Subjects Wanted.—Two French ladies were looking at the pictures in - the Paris Saloh. "So I hear,"said one, "a celebrated pointer has .finished a picture for yon.' "Yes,-he has - graciously consented to paint the portrait of my husband for my drawingroom." " Indeed," said the first speaker. " Well, for a room- like that I think I should have chosen a gayer subject." - Air Orphan.—An old darkey was en deavouring to explain his unfortunate condition. ' You see," remarked Sambo, "it was in this way as far as I can remember: Fust my fadder died, den my mudder married agin; and dtn my mudder aied, and den my fadder married agin; and somehow I doesn't seen? to have no parents at all, nor no home, nor nuffin." A Fellow Feeling.—A crocodile watched a small boy who sat injudiciously near him on the • bank of the river. The small boy was eating a piece of bread. He was hungry. The crocodile was also hungry. On perceiving this sympathetic bond be tween their natures the crocodile was moved to tears. " Poor boy," he said, " you want your breakfast. So do I. Yet, why should I deprive you of your bread, which you eat with so much relish ? I will not. But your legs—you cannot eat them. I will eat them for you." The Power of Kindness.—It has been ascertained that a book agent can be won by kind ness. One day last week a West Hill man tried it on one of them. He beat him with a bludgeon and broke his arm, poured kerosene over his clothes, and set fire to it, shot him through the lungs, and finally locked him up in a room with a mad dog, and the agent, deeply affected, whispered through the key hole that as soon as the dog got through with him, he'd let him have a copy of " Moody's Anecdotes " for 65 cents., which was 30 per cent, off.—Burlington Hawkeye. Encouraging for Mac.—In a provincial theatre the part of Macbeth was being recently played by a clever actor, who was also a very great favourite with his audience. In the banquet-sccne he had delivered his closing words to the ghost of Banquo, " Hence, horrible shadow ! Unreal mockery, hence!" when he dropped upon Iris knee, covered his face with his robe, and shuddered convulsively. Carried away by the intensity of the acting, a youth in the gallery, on seeing Banquo disappear, cried out, " It's all right now, governor—he's gone !" Tough Swearing.—'" Gentlemen of the jury," said a Tusuarora lawyer, " what kind of swear ing has been done in this case ? Here we have a physician—a man who, from his liigh and noble calling, should be regarded as one who would scorn to stain his soul with perjury, or be guilty of giving utterance to an untruth ; but what did he testify, gentlemen 5 I put the question to him plainly, as you all heard, ' Where was this man stabbed ? And what was his reply? Unhlushiiigly, his features as cool as though cut from marble, he replied that the man was stabbed about an inch and a half to the left of the medial line, and about an inch below the diaphragm, and yet we liave proved by three wit nesses that he was stabbed just below the Young America Hoisting Works." A Novel Advertising Thick.—Some years ago we obtained from Mr. John N. Genin a sketch of his successes in advertising. He would have as soon believed that man could live without air, that fish could live without water, that a bird could fly without wings, as a hatter could live without placing his busi ness properly before the public. With him advertising was a science, and he carried it on upon scientific principles. When John N. Genin put his name in the papers, or his goods in the market, people read it. Sometimes the intelligence to be given to the world was done up in a poetical effusion, at other times in plain prose, but the principal feature of the advertisement was—John N. Genin. It is the same principle that has been so successfully carried out by Barnum and other men who have made colossal fortunes. "Come aud see me,and then I'll show you my goods." There is the whole thing in a nutshell. Mr. Genin said this was just the argument he used when Barnumbrought Jenny Lindto this country. The first choice of seats in the house were to be sold at public auction. Genin ran to sec Barnum, and said—" Barnum, I want the first seat sold, and I want to pay a good price for it. How shall I manage f " Send down a couple of your clerks with instructions to bid against each other," was the reply. Hastening back to his store, he called his . confidential clerk to one side, and said, " How much do you think the first choice of seats to the Jenny Lind concert will sell for ?' " About lOdol. or ladol." I was the reply. "Well, I want you to attend the sale with another clerk, and bid until it has run up between 200doL and 300dol." The programme was carried out, and the ticket was knocked down to the clerk at 225dol. " What name T* inquired the auc tioneer. " John N. Genin," was the answer. Mean while, the exuberant crowd seized the suppositious Genin, and, lifting him upon their shoulders, bore him in triumph to Genin's store. The news had pre ceded the crowd, however, and before they had reached the store it was filled with a shouting, excited mass of congratulating friends. Genin was the hero of the hour. The telegraph flashed the news over the country that " the first choice of seats to the Jenny Llnd concert had been sold to John N. Genin for the sum of 2,500dol." (a mistake of a figure), and the deed wis done. Mr. Genin made an arrangement with the news editor of one of the morning dailies to clip out and hand to him every article be could find in his exchanges in relation to the matter. These he care fully preserved, making a calculation at the regular rates ef advertising per line, until it had reached the enormous amount of 80,000dolj) when he ceased longer to keep an account, quietly remarking to some of the doubting Thomases who had questioned the wisdom of the investment, " See there! I have already in my possession 80,000dol. worth of advertising, for which I only paid 225dol., and I don't know how much remains to come in." Up to the tiuie of his death he continued to receive letters from different quarters of the world, asking him to decide bets that had been made as to the amount paid for that ticket. The original ticket is in possession of his sou, and he shows it with a commendable degree of pride.—New York Clothier and Hatter. Consoling the Widow.—An elderly man with peaked features, large watery eyes, and an attire of dilapidated respectability, called at a Daubury house last Friday morning for a " lunch." He said he was travelling from Boston to Buffalo, at which latter place he had great expectations. He sat down at the kitchen table, with his long legs coiled up uuder it, and his long arms spread out upon it, while his poudcrous nose stood out like a grease spot on a pair of white pants. The woman of the house brought him a plate of bread and meat, aud a bowl of coffee. While she was placing the things, he noticed that she wore a black dress and a look of pallor. " Had a death, madam ?" he softly inquired, as he squared himself for the repast. " Yes, sir." " Lately ?" " Last Tuesday," she answered, faintly. " I was sore of it. Father? mother? sister? brother?" he asked, taking up a piece of meat with one hand, and slapping it appetiziuglv upon a piece of bread in the other. "My husband, sir," she said; drawing out a hand kerchief, while her lips quivered. She looked so white and sad and drooping as she sat there, that his heart was touched. " Did he die a natural death ?" he asked, softly chewing on the food, and beuding the full glance of his large eyes upon her. " Yes, sir." " It's a bad tiling in one so young as you to lose her protector. But he died a natural death, and there is oomfort in that." He slapped another piece of meat upon another piece of bread, and quietly put his teeth through them. "You know, he presently added, "it might have been much different, and far worse. He might have been run over by a train of coal cars, and cut into pound lumps stuck full of gravel." "I know," said she, with a shiver. " Then, again, he might have been blown up in a defective saw-mill," said the stranger, taking another bite of food, and gently closing his eyes, as if the better to picture the irredeemable honor of this proposition, " and only about two-thirds of him, and that badly bandaged, ever returned to your agonised sight. Oh, there are a hundred ways he might have died," he went on, taking a sweep with the knife at a fly, in the exuberance of his delight that things were as they were instead of as they might have been, " He might have perished in a fire, and been dug out of the ruins next day with a pickaxe. He might have fallen off a two-story building, and struck'on his face, and had to have gone though the funeral on his stomach, with weeping friends pressing the last fond kiss on the hack of his head." Here the narrator shuddered hiinself at the 'awful prospect of such a catastrophe, while the bereaved woman agonisingly protested against his proceeding. " You'll admit it might have been worse?': he asked, with undisguised "»?lety. "Oh yes, sir," she replied, wiping her eyes. I'm glad of that,' said be, exploring liis under jaw with a forte " Afflictions Will come, but if we try to think of those which we greater that have not come to us, then We are better able bo bear those that do. It's been my object to teach you that a natural death is not a thing to despise in these times of rush, crush, and splutter, and if you, have teamed the lesson my mission Is accomplished, and' I go my way. I don't want to Intrude, of course, en toe privacy of deep grief, but if.the deceased was about my build, and left behind a vett, not too gaudy in pattern, I should.be pleased to take it along with me as a souvenir of-4e partted worth." He paused an Instant, and then added with touching Solemnity, "These were.his victuals, and It would' seem appropriate as well as beautiful to have them held by his vestures." When he went away he hud a souvenir of departed worth.—Daubury News. 