DOGS AND GHOSTS. A GENTLEMAN named Romanes has been anxious to find out whether dogs are believers in ghosts and spiritualism, and has been making experiments accordingly, with results for a knowledge of which the world is indebted to the New York Times. Mr. Romanes began his researches into these mysteries with a bone ; and this, the critic says of him, " is alone sufficient to show the heartless and irreverent character of the man. ???th?? is anything which a dog holds as ????????????? it is a bone. A terrier will ?????????? deluded by false representations ?????? e are eligible cats in the coal-scuttle, or that the piano is full of rats, but he feels that bones are too sacred to be made the subject of jest." Mr. Romanes, however, took the bone, and tied round it a thin silken thread ; and just as the little Scotch terrier with which his investigations were conducted was in the act of seizing it, his master slowly drew it away. The poor dog regarded the moving bone with an amazement which found expression in erect ears and a tail gradually thrust between his hind legs, and becoming convinced, as Mr. Romanes supposes, that it was but the ghost of a bone, incontinently fled, howling dismally. On the whole, the New York Times considers that the dog behaved much more sensibly than many men would have done under a similar belief. "In all probability," the journal says, " had Mr. Romanes ever seen a piece of roast beef in the act of cruising unassisted around the table, he would instantly have asked it preposterous questions, and would subsequently have let his hair grow long, and have become a con- firmed Spiritualist. His intelligent dog did none of these things, but as soon as he decided that he had seen a spiritual bone, he refused to have anything more to do with it, and con- tinued to wear his hair of the usual length, and to cling to that faith in which he was educated." Mr. Romanes was not yet satisfied however. He took a pipe, got some soap and water, and began to blow bubbles along the floor. It took some time to convince the terrier that these airy nothings were not a new kind of particularly dangerous rat, but presently he put his paw on one, and it of course collapsed. He tried a second and it likewise vanished, and then, recollections of the ghostly bone overwhelming him, again he fled. Still Mr. Romanes was not satisfied. He proceeded to " make faces " at his victim, and the grimaces he made were so hideously ugly that we are told the dog mistook him for the worst ghost he had ever seen, whereupon he crept under the sofa and tried to die. Lovers of dogs will sympathise with the poor little terrier ; and if Mr. Romanes continues his investigations will hardly regret to hear that he has had to deal with a larger dog which pursues a more spirited policy with regard to ghosts.—The Evening Standard. IRELAND OBSERVANT.—The Dublin cor- respondent of the Times writes :—Ireland remains a silent but watchful spectator of the various phases of the political situation. With the exception of a few meetings in Downpatrick, Lurgan, Armagh, and other small places in Ulster, to express confidence in the Government, no further demonstration of any kind has been made. So far as may be learnt from the Press, however, the tone of feeling is in favour of peace and loyal to England. Journals of a certain class, which claim to be the exponents of the national will, write no doubt in a bitter and spiteful spirit, glorifying Russia and disparaging Great Britain ; but they do not speak the sentiments of any but the extreme irreconcilables and the very lowest classes in the country. Their influence with the masses has long been on the wane, and they betray their disappointment that their advice on questions of " national " policy is disregarded. They are surprised and scandalized at the conduct of the Irish members who either openly by their votes or covertly by their absence supported the Government in their demand for the vote of credit. A TRAGIC EVENT. —A very sad and tragic event happened in Newcastle harbour on Sunday night last, on board the British barque Dunkeld, which arrived in this port from Adelaide on Saturday last. Two of the apprentices on board the ship, named respectively Thomas John Evans and James Berry, both youths, had a dispute over a fish- ing line, and eventually commenced struggling on the deck. In the midst of the scuffle, and whilst they were locked in each others arms, they tripped up over the combings of the hatchway, which had been left uncovered, and both were precipitated headlong into the hold, a distance of about twenty feet. They were immediately brought up on the deck from below and Dr. Richard Harris sent for, who ordered their removal to the hospital, whither they were carried on stretchers. Evans was found to have sustained a fracture of the skull which rendered his recovery hopeless, and Berry had his thigh broken. After lingering through the night poor young Evans slowly sank, and finally expired at 11 o'clock this (Monday) morning. Berry's thigh was set by Dr. John Harris and Dr. Walker, and he now rests tolerably well. An inquest will be held upon the body of the lad Evans at 9 o'clock in the morning. Exchange. 