TASMANIA. DIOCESE! OF HOBABT TOWN. T H E , r L A T E C A B D I N A 1 A B O H B I S H O P , i i '.I. V" .. . CPlLEir. ,,.,' .J r , (Hobart Town Mercury.) I&st; evening at Sti Joseph's' Church, at seven o'clock, the oQice 'for the dead' was'recited,'" for^'^epoa'e of .^lie fpul of His Euainence. the late Cardinal Ar^h-' bishop ojP Dublin. PiiDaate of Irelanl,! Panegyric being .pronounced immediately after the office. The church was decorated suitably to the occasion; the Oratory draped in mourning, as also tne Catafalque, which was surrounded with lighted candles, and surmounted with Choice flowers and a scarlet hat, to represent a Biretta. .The priests in attendance-were the fievs. Fathers D.F.X. Beechinor, M. J. Beechinor, C. P. Woods, P. B. Hennebiy, M. W. Gilleran (New Norfolk), and Martial Mary, a French Priest. Fathers Woods and Hennebry officiated as Chanters. The obsequies were similar to those which took place on occasion of the death of Pius IX. At the conclusion of the office, the Bev. Father M. J. Beechinor ascended the Oratory and pronounced the Panegyric, taking for his text, "I have laid help upon one that is mighty, and have exalted one chosen out of my people."— Pfl.'lxapsviii., v. 20. He said— A great sorrow haB come upon the Church. His name wbs known and honoured - in every lsnB. He Was a man not of words, but of works—of works whose rffeots are felt, and will live long m the new world as in the old, beneath the Southern Cross as npon the soil of St. 1 Patrick. He was a man after God's own heart—simple, humble, -unassuming as a lamb,: yet mighty and firm as a cedar of Lebanon. Chosen from ampagst the people lie was exalted to a/plaee among the Piinoes of the OBuroh. ' As a TABtor pf souls he was watohful, and toiled in season and out of season. As an advooate of that' eduoation which the mind of God •approves, he was as a tower of strength vrtiioh no storms oould move, or he was as a lighthouse plaoed to guide and to warn, on what, in his day, was a vast and'tempestuous ooean. His oounsel was prized and deemed prudent, eren jn the Privy Connoils oi Popes. He revived devotion to the Madonna, even in the "Island of Saints." He was mighty and ohosen from among many. " I have laid help on one that is mighty, andhave exalted one chosen ont of my people." You know I refer to the resent and lamented death of His Eminenoe Cardinal Cullen, Archbishop of Ddblin. A few days ago the wire brought u« the sad news that he was no more. We hesitated to believe it; we. hoped he still lived, But a day later, and that newB was confirmed by the additional item that about 800 priests and thirty bishops had assembled round his coffin and his grave to offer prayer and saorifipe that God may grant him " eternal reBt." But a month ago we read of his being present in Marlborough-street Cathedral with many priests and bishops to chant the funeral dirge on the mortal remains of the young bishop whom Pius IX. had selected as 'his own representative to go and give peace (and he gave it) to Canada. Who- would have then - thought that within one short month,they would'be assembled again in far greater numbers and with sadder hearts, but without their great High Priest, to sing another funeral song, this time over himself, their father, and well-beloved pastor. Death often comes in batches. Perhaps you have noticed that those who are closely united here in faith and friendship, sometimes die together. Bishop Conroy was the spirtual child of Cardinal Cullen. They laboured hard together for God in the land of their birth, and God willed it that within almost the same month they should wiug their way togetuer to the better iaDd. Paul Cullen WBB born in the beginning ot this century, on 29ih April, 1804, almost beneath the shadow " of Kildare's holy shrine" of parents who were full of faith and fall of virtaes. We are informed be ever afterwards loved to pay a quiet visit to'the old home of bis fathers. He received his early education in a school where the famous Edmund Borfee was also educated, at least, in his young days. Ho next prooeeded to Carlow College, that nursery of learning and piety, where be imbibed much of the spirit of the illustrious J. K. L., and: where his unole, Father Maher, spent many years. The centre of the Church has always bad great attractions for those whom God destines for high and glorious tbings in His ministry. The young heart ot Paul Cullen yearned to visit the limma Apostolorum, the "shrines of the apoBtles." God granted his wish. He entered the halls of the world-renowned Propaganda in 1820, while yet a youth of tender .years. This sent of learning now became the fond home of bis youth and early manhood. . The simple, humble, Irieh boy, gifted by God with an iutelleot ot the highest order, soon made hia mark among the students gathered together from " every nation under Heaven." In the time of Leo XII. he was selected to make a publio dispute or defence of the Faith in universal theology and canon law. Theologians from all parts of Bome were invited to come and make 'heir objections. So satisfactory was the[defence, so complete the answers of the' young student of Ireland, that all who heard him eaid new renown was given to the Propaanda, and Leo XII. placed a crown—a wreath of laurels on his. head—the highest honour conferred in ' that city. Gregory JLVI. was at this time Cardinal Prefect of the Propaganda. When he became Pope 'it'was his delight to visit that institution. He even did so sometimes in disguise, prayed with the students, conversed with' them, and then<would.maJce himself known much tp the joy of his young friends. The Camerata of Paul Ciillen was his favourite. Tt is aaid that one day on leaving the college he turned suddenly:to the students of that'Camerata who were about him and jBaid, .". Is it not delightful to think .that . all who are 'here /will . one day be Bishops I*.' The words were .,a pro. pheoy. They did all become Bishops. Kenriok, Archbishop of Baltimore; Hassoun, Pitriarob of Armenia; HeSBer, Archbishop in partSnu; O'Connor, Bishop pf Pittsburg. It is also related that oertain Boman theologians having prepared matter on the snbjeot of the Immoeulate Conception, not yet defined, and having presented it to Gregory for examination and approval, the Pope 89ked had "Don Paolo" seen and approved. They answered in the affirmative. "Tben,"said he, "that is enffioient for me. I desire no better authority." Paul Cullen was ordained priest in .1826, and now rapidly rose through all grades to (he highest in the Propaganda—Pref«et of Camarata, Professor, Vice-Beotor, and Beator. It should here be said that np to this time the Propaganda was partially in the hands of priests of the illustrious Society of Jesus. The Bevolntion of '48 compelled them to fly. That Bevolution shook every throne in Europe. Bome was in peouliar danger. Pius IX himself had to fly and eat the bread of exile in a strange land. Bat what of the Propaganda? It is one of the most important institutions of the Church. It is the hope of the foreign missions. It is one of the great< st glories of Bome. Pins looks ronnd, where shonld he find an ecolesiastio with ' courage, prudenoe, learning to place at the head of that college at this hour. He oasts bis eye upon an Irish prfest, Paul Cullen. Yes, he was the man selected to take the reigns of Government at that perilous hour wben Garribaldian hosts were at the gates, and the kings of the earth knew not how they would fare on the morrow. Paul Cullen would, under other cironmstaooes. hesitate to accept of so high an ofSce, but not this day. He accepts it, and right bravely did he discharge, its perilous duties. When the Revolutionists threatened it he flinched not. When t^e danger was greatest he once or twice unfurled the British flag. He saved the oollege. What wonder, then, that two years later, in 1850, he is appointed to fill the See of Patriok and Plunkett, the last martyr for the faith in the British Isles. In 1852 the benevolent Archbishop Murray was summoned to {us reward. The See of Dublin was vacant. Where will the bishops now find a spirirttal chief ? They pray, they oonsult Bome, Peter lives in Pius, and once more Pius points to Paul. " You are my man," he says, "or rather you are the man of God. Gk>, then, asoend still higher in the Church; go, fill the chair and wear the mitre of St. Lawrenoe O'Toole." On the 3rd of May, 18S3, the finding of 1he Holy Cros8, he found his cross in the See of Dublin. A heavy cross it was indeed, could the eye of man but see it. However, he bore it bravely till the other day, when merciful death gave him his first and his last rest. And now let us consider him as a Bishop. He devotes all. the resources of his great mind to the education Question. C)h, how far-seeing, uncompromising, and persevering that mind is on this vitel subject. Primary and University education receive hiB attention—the humblest school, as well as tbe highest, is the Object of his tender solicitude. Soon, throngb his .zeal, teaching orders extend their branches east, west, north, and south. Convents and colleges multiply till Dublin becomes a "little Bome." Tbe British Government eee it ; a mighty effoit is made to counteract, .or frustrate. The Queen's Colleges are established, one in each of the four provinces, with many inducements to ensnare the youth of Ireland. But the great Pastor Paul sleepeth not, gently but firmly he appeals to the country. The foe is a strong one, the bait is tempting, but fear not, he says, they who are with ub are more numerous than they that are against us. Invisible. armies combat at onr side. An* gelic spirits are in our rear and lead the van. He marshals his goodly host. He then appeals to Bome. Pius condemns the " Godless Colleges." The Queen's University in Ireland is now struck by God and smitten with barrenness. From that day forth its halls are partially abandoned, and if the members of that day's British Government were this day to visit the grave of Paul Cullen, they oould truthfully point the finger at it and eay, " O thou whose ashes are here in -the sleep of the tomb, thou bast conquered." He ounded the Catholic University, and before the Bleep of death closed his yes they could see that already it could lmost rank with the Sapienza, the Soronne, Louvain, or Salamanoa. Already ould they see that All Hallows had sent its issionaries to tbe " uttermost bounds of the arth," that Clonliffe was supplying nigh ufficient priesta for his beloved Dublin. But t is not' Ireland or Dublin' alone that are ndebted to the departed Cardinal. Not a chool, or convent, or college of the many ow existing in Maitland, Bathurst, Brisane, New Zealand, the Cape of Good Hope, obart Town, and the Canadas of America, hich does not owe much of the educational pirit, that , animates it (if it have the right pirit) to the: spirit that has .so lately taken ts flight from our earth to the home ,of ngels. Where discipline had beoome relaxed among the secular or reenlar clergy, or in the con vente pf tepid monks or foolish nuns, it was again strictly enforced. Devoion to Mary was revived, *«nd bcaroefe gr^at festival of the "Qneen af Heaven" recurred that a Pastoral -was not, issued; prdering a triduum or a novena, or a iniasion ; ,<ih. a word, he ' in .nis' day "renewed the faoe of the' earth' in . his diocese. Those _ who werfe ' favoured to him in ' the' private or '-sdHa! i ' v «nride o»n testify t h a t they hever s a w s - t o r e childlike amitbility and hnaiitity. It was'kny Kopd foriune .jonse to >spetiti tai- week'abder the , B a m ? rool, . M a y n o o t h ^ College, v a t a n n u a l x e t r e * * . ground, I saw him in the reieotory, I eaw bim in (he chapel, I saw him clothed in hii Cardinal pnrple, leading about 800 priests from one place to. the other. I saw him listening with the attention of; a green student to a lowly Vinoentian friar who preached to us, and 1 can say that, each gesture of tbe body, each feature of the face, spoke to me that the simplicity of the dove and the prudence of the serpent were united in the mind ot that High Priest. When I lead the other day that he was dead, I searched amoog letters I had from old and valued friends, and fonnd one of hie, and oh, how like himself—concise, simple, humble, yet thoroughly baninees-like. Well do I remember tbe day he examined and gave me, with another priest here present, our first mission. " Pay attention," said he, " to your preaohing, and yon will find how thBnkfal the good people will be." > Never shall I forget that conn eel, and that Bishop, and that people. In 1866 be was raised to the dignity of the purple. He was now " a Prince in tbe House of the Lord." And we have it from the lips of Pins IX., who never spoke a word to signify be himself had any special favourB from heaven, that when he made Archbishop Gallon a Cardinal he felt it was the result of a direot inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Ton bave now seen him as a student among the students of '< every nation under heaven." Ton have seen him as ruler of one m the greatest seats of learning on earth, and as Arclibixhop of two important Sees. Consider him now as a lawmaker in the Supreme Council of Ood's Kingdom among men. To exaggerate here wonld be to spoil my Bubjeot; I shall therefore carefully avoid it. The Vatican Council was, whether we consider the place where it was assembled, the President (PiuB) who watobed over it, tbe character and the learning of the men met tbere, the questions debated, and the results t» future ages of those debates—was without any doubt at ali, the most august and important assembly that ever met on this planet. I have it from an eye- witness, ene whose acouraoy. in statements of this kind all know, our own Bishop, that there were some ten or twelve fathers whose arguments and eloquence produced an irresistible effect. Foremost among even those was the Cardinal Archbishop whose loss we mourn to-night. His oration changed to some extent the whole modus agendi of the Council, and gave to the discussion more the character of a debate, but to his time each iather who spoke treated the Council to an elaborate, carefully prepared, and carefully delivered address. Cardinal Cullen, instead of following in this path, took note of the objections of the " wopportunists," refuted them in such a masterly manner that suoh great men as Swarzenberg, Dupanloup, McHale, and Kenrick appeared but as children in his hands. So great was the effect of that addresB, that for days afterwards the street leading to the residence of the Cardinal was blocked with carriages of dignitaries going to present their felicitations. So great was its effect that Bishops of Ireland, England, Scotland, Australia and America soon after presented to him a special address of congratulation. Other works of his it is not mine to tell. Angels have recorded them in God's eternal book." Canada Pacificator," or" Canada Paoified," the Americans tell ne, should henceforth be the epitaph on th« tomb of the gentle Bishop Conroy. Bat who selected him? Pius IX. Bat under what advice? That ef the Cardinal, now dead, whose spiritual son he was. Of Peter's Penoe, in one year, abont £19,000 went from Dublin to the Treasury of the Pope a few years ago. Whose work was it? That of the generoos people to be sure, bnt more so of their Chief Pastor. When'the late Pope died, he sets out for Borne, that be may give his voice in the election of the new one. The weightof years and the "cares of the mitre," worn well for nigh 30 years, are telling upon his constitution. He bad to travel slowly, and when be arrived Leo XIII. was in tbe chair of Peter. He swore a new fidelity to him, then shed a tear on the grave of PiuB, and returned to die, it would appear, in harness, and in the midst of bis flook. I bave done. O may his spirit still keep vigil over the flock he ruled and loved so well; may it watoh over every school, oafrvent, and college in the wide extent of tbe Church. May it influenoe eaoh one of ns—people, priests, Bishop—to be like unto bim, meek, bnmble, unassuming, yet ever firm, fearless, and uncompromising in the discharge of our duty to God. The oration of Father Beeohinor, which was one of the most eloquent ever delivered within the. walls of St. Joseph's, took five and thirty minutes in the delivery, and was heard with profound attention by the congregation. - This morning, at nine o'clock, a solemn Requiem is to be celebrated at St. Joseph's, the most Bev. the Bishop of Hobart Town to preside; after which there will be solemn. Absolution, super twmulut. 