Chapter, XIV.—Conscience. In spite of Dick's coldness—nay Eliza beth sometimes thought his shuddering aversion to her now—she tried to do her duty to him as a faithful wife in the dark days after his father's death. She felt indeed such intense pity for him that she was ready to forgive all his shortcomings. "If I had done it," she would say to herself, and shiver at the very thought of what must be Dick's miserable, feelings now. During a sharp attack of illness, which was undoubtedly brought on by his exces sive drinking, Elizabeth attended on him with untiring devotion, and by doing so drew even some expression of gratitude for her kindness from the miserable man. "You are very kind, Lissa," he said one night, as she was sitting; watching him; and Lissa rose, smiled, smoothed his pillow, and gently laid a fresh cold water bandage on his acfiing burning browi As she did 'so Dick caught her baud in his, and pressed it to his lips. " Oh! why were you not.always like this to'me," he said;—"why did you not love me long ago, Lissa—we might have been so happy then—" Dick almost whispered the last few words, but Elizabeth heard them. "We .must try to be happy now," she said gently,il, or at least content, Dick." ,V"No, it; cannot -be," said Dick, turning .restlessly on his bed," it cannot, cannot be." i • ''But let us try, Dick," urged Elizabeth; but ithe; young man only moaned and hid his face impatiently away from her. Still • Dick was gentler after his illness, arid for a time at least was more temperate in his habits, and Elizabeth began to hope that the, dark cloud might pass away from him—-nay, leave him, perhaps, a better and more thoughtful man. So the autumn crept away, and the early winter, came—heralded in by a snow storm; the first snow which had fallen at Wendell since the fatal • storm when Harry' Tyrell's body had been found, and when all Eliza beth's' bright hopes of happiness were ended. The sight. of the white flakes again floating downwards not unnaturally pain fully affected lier, and prevented her noticing the dark gloomy looks with which Dick also regarded the falling snow. All through the day he drank heavily, and at night had to he half-dragged, kaff earried to his room, sinking into a heavy and apparently undisturbed slumber when he got there; and after watching him for a little while, Elizabeth, wearied with the emotions of the day, lay down on a couch near, and presently fell into a light sleep. In the middle of the night however— about midnight—she suddenly awoke. The moon was shining in at the windows show ing each object more distinctly from the re flection of the white surface on the ground outside, and when Elizabeth opened her eyes she had the startled feeling that she had been roused from her sleep by some noise in the room. Wondering and half afraid she looked up, and even as she did so, a hollow, un natural voice near her said— "Harry Tyrett!" It is almost impossible to describe the horror that Elizabeth felt as the name of the unfortunate murdered young man in the dead of night thus sounded in her ears, and a suppressed cry broke from her pale lips, while her face grew white and clammy. " Are you come back ?" went on the same unnatural voice; and then there was a violent movement, apparently in the bed, and Elizabeth starting up with a shriek ran towards it, and then saw Dick dis tinctly by the moonlight lying with ghastly face and upraised arms as if in some frightful dream. " Dick ! Dick!" she cried, rousing him, and after a while his heavy slumbering senses awoke. " What is it ?" he said, and then he shud dered. " You were dreaming I think," said Elizabeth, still terrified. " Have you been dreaming ?—you were talking in your sleep, Dick." Ay what did I say ?" he asked a moment later. , Oh, some folly," answered poor Eliza beth, ' but you startled me," and then she jay down on the couch again, hiding her head undei- a coverlet—unable to forget the ■ awful sound of^ the dead man's name. Alas, this vision of Dick's was but the beginning of a frightful attack of brain delirium, for again in the middle of the following night Dick began to call aloud 011 ,ny Tyrell's name, and apparently to struggle m the most violent throes with some invisible adversary. &ick; and pale Elizabeth rose and called his brothers, but Dick did not know them, but ?at up m the bed and shrieked and gazed with terror-stricken, wide open eyes, ata ray of moonlight which crept in between he blind and the window; apostrophising it as if it were some living, fearful thing. ° «\v?0mi6 °n !" Le crled> saving his arms." Why do you stand there ? my do you beckon me, Harry Tyrell, to follow you' through the snow P" i^r?1" it s. HariT Tyrell's ghost," said Hal Horton m a frightened whisper m Elizabeth's ear. " "He's got deliiium tremens," said Bob more coolly; "we had better send for the doctor, Lissa." • Ic°>' answered Lissa, shrink mgiy. ^ Let us watch him ourselves—let us keep it a secret between us." " He was sure to take it," went on Bob, going on as he's been doing. He drank a bottle of brandy yesterday, I'm certain." 'Let us put in the shutters, and li4t the gas, said the practical Hal, recovering his presence of mind and natural sharpness. Its the moonlight on the snow that makes him think of ghosts, for it shone iust like this the night after Harry Tvrell was murdered." * • . ' es> said Elizabeth shudderingly," nut in the shutters Hal—light the gas and the fire—keep out the moon." "Are yougone ?" said Dick in the same .unnatural voice, as Hal dashed in the shutters. "Gone beckoning-beckoning' still—. And he sprang out of bed, and endeavored to leap out of the window, but was forcibly held back by his two youna brothers. ° His delirium changed in character after the gas and the fire were lit, and he fancied that he was picking grain off the bed, and reeding some tame pheasants which he had kept when he was a boy. It was easier to manage him" when in this mood, and all the rest of the night Elizabeth and the two young Hortons sat up with him; Elizabeth soothing and humoring him. as best she could.. D He was so exhausted and feeble in the mornmg that Elizabeth grew alarmed, and dared no longer resist sending for the country doctor near, who when he arrived sbookhishead, and tapped his forehead. Ah, he said, u brain, brain—an over wrought brain What has he been taking, Mrs. Horton ?" S"10,6 my poor uncle's death," hesitated Elizabeth, < I say that poor Dick has been taking too—much." " ' thought," said the doctor, shaking bis head again, and having all the time a rult and complete knowledge of the fact from the gossip in the neighborhood. Nervous excitability unduly developed by the over use of stimulants. A sad case bat not uncommon—every excuse in the case of Mr. Richard, after the unfortunate accident when his poor father lost his life." All day Dick continued very ill, but towards night he grew quieter, and when the doctor came in the evening he thought that the attack was yielding to treatment, and prophesied that Dick would soon bp well. . ' . , .Elizabeth and Boh agreed to sit up with him, and as the night wore on Bob grew weary, and slumbered in his chair, but towards midnight a violent attack of horrors once more seized the unfortunate Dick. Again Elizabeth heard Harry Tyrell's name shrieked forth in tones of intense dread and fear; again with starting eyes Dick seemed writhing with an unseen foe while great drops of dew broke out on his' ghastly face. It was "Harry Tyrell, Harry Tyrell"' always, until Elizabeth grew sick with fear; fancying even that she too saw a pale shadow in some dark corner of the room resembling the form of the young man who' had been carried into the dining-room on the morning that his lifeless body had been found. . . :; : " Ob,- Bob.!"'she said, going •' up' and waking, her sleeping brother-in-law, "who started up and rubbed'his eyes. ■ "What is it?" he said. "I declare I ^ammg-dreaming of Harry Tyrell's "He is calling on him again," said Eliza beth, shivering and creeping nearer to Bob. "Don't beckon, don't beckon any more!" shouted;Dick from the bed. "Ill come." And again, as on the previous night, he sprang up, and again had to be forcibly re strained by his brother and Elizabeth. Night after night.for nearly a week these dreadful attacks came on, until Elizabeth was utterly worn out with watching, while a vague dread and suspi cion began to creep into her mind. In the morning, and during, the day, Dick was always quieter, but at night violent paroxysms shook him from limb to limb ; and he invariably addressed the same spectre that he fancied was in the room. Then little by little, his delusions grew.less violent, and gradually yielded to the doctor's treatment, and in about ten days after his first seizure fDick, pale, stricken, and changed, was once more able to appear down stairs. Sir John Tyrell called to ask how he was during his illness, and saw with real regret, how dreadfully it had told upon Elizabeth. She was nervous to an alarming extent, and; started at the least noise,: and her state left a very painful impression upon Sir John's mind. - "I join my son in Paris next week," he said in his quiet voice. " Is—is he .well ?" faltered Elizabeth. •' Not very well I fancy," answered Sir John. " I do not think that he has ever been very well since he went to China." "No," said Elizabeth, and a choking spasm rose in her throat. Strange doubts indeed were beginning to oppose and dis tract her mind. Why did the memory of Harry Tyrell haunt Dick's disordered brain with such* strange pertinacity ? Was there any reason other than his father's death for his settled gloom, his sullen and determinate remorse P These thoughts had recurred again and again to Elizabeth's mind during the dread midnight hours when Dick held his ghastly converse with the dead. His brother Bob too had looked at Elizabeth once or twice with uneasy fear in his glance, when Dick repeated and re peated in tones of thrilling horror Harry Tyrell's name, always fancying that he was beckoning to him, "or calling on him to follow him through the snow. .At last Bob spoke. "Lissa," he said in an awestruck whisper, " can there be anything in this—canDick—." And his looks told the rest. " God knows," answered Elizabeth, and the two sat still and silent, not uttering even to each other the doubts and fears which involuntarily had struck them both. They never mentioned it again. Dick got better and came down stairs looking the ghost of his former self, and nervous and irritable to a frightful degree; but ap parently had got a fright about drinking; the doctor indeed, who was himself a little red-faced man with strong alcoholic pro clivities, had warned him of its fatal conse quences. " Another such attack, Mr. Bichard," he had said, shaking his head as usual when he wished to be very emphatic, "and I dare not contemplate the consequences. Epilepsy, my dear sir, lunacy, idiotcy, death—all might be produced. I do not on principle object to stimulants" (people said the doctor certainly did not) "but when the desire for them (is overpowering, unre strainable in fact to a reasonable quantity, then I say my young friend iibst,ain. Yours is a case that requires total abstinence—be wise therefore and use it." And having given this advice the doctor left, calling at the nearest ale-house on his road to have a glass of hot brandy and water, as the morning was chill. One of Dick's great horrors after his ill ness was to go to bed, and he used to beg and pray them to sit up late, falling asleep many and many a time through pure ex haustion in his chair. . It was difficult to spend the long winter nights, and so Elizabeth proposed whist (though she disliked cards) by way of amusing Dick, and the three elder cousins used to sit and play very sedately and soberly, Hal being the only lively one of the party. "'My belief is," said this boy one night, " that if I were prematurely cut off, that the proverbial ditch-water would be spark ling in comparison to the liveliness of my remaining sorrowing family. ■ Lissa, my dear, if farming gets worse, don't you think Dick and Bob would make their fortunes as , mutes P .Yes, the undertaking business is certainly open to our family." Only a very feeble laugh was raised in answer to this sally, and it was no doubt true that the family circle at . Wendell farm was now a very dull one. Every day they missed the farmer's cheery goodnature, who ever ready "with his \ jest and his laugh had made small grievances seem lighter, and large ones easier to bear. He was gone now; and his honored name could never even be mentioned in his household. Dick was to be kept quiet and amused, the doctor said, and " father" therefore was a word now never heard at Wendell-West House. As the anniversary of poor Harry Tyrell's death drew near, Lissa felt a little strange but perhaps not unaccountable dread of its approach. Dick since his recovery had had no more frightful dreams or visions appa rently, but he often talked still in his rest less sleep, and had twice given Elizabeth a terrible fright by wallring in it. Each time when she awoke and missed him, the idea of suicide had occurred to her mind, but on her rousing Bob and Hal, Dick asleep, with half-open, fixed, expres sionless eyes, was discovered once near the door of an unfrequented large attic room in the rear of the house, and another time trying apparently to undo the fastenings of the house-door. Everyone in the hoiise remembered what day it was when the pale winter morning dawned at Wendell on the anniversary of Harry's murder. Elizabeth had watched its first beams of light appear with deep, emotion, perplexity and regret stirring in her heart. She scarcely dared to look at her husband's face, though when she did his knitted brow, his pallor and restless and excited ways, added not a little to her pain ful curiosity, to her unsatisfied and anxious doubts. No one spoke of it at breakfast, no one, until Hal, with boyish carelessness said— "D'ye know what day this is?" " Yes, yes," said Elizabeth hastily. "The seventeenth of December," went on Hal, " The day. when Harry Tyrell was—" " No use mentioning disagreeables," said Bob, interrupting the irrepressible boy, for his eyes, had fallen on Dick's white and clammy "face. "A great deal of use, I think," con tinued master Hal. " Be silent," said Dick, pasionately, " be silent," and he started up from the break fast-table, and Bob and Lissa looked at each other with one glance of mutual fear as be left the room. " My belief," said Hal the next minute, " is that Dick knows more than he chooses to tell about the murder. D'ye remember when he had the D.T., Lissa, how he always fancied Harry Tyrell's ghost was in the room ?" " You'd better~take care what you say, I think," said. Bob. " You'll have Dick ill again with your folly, if you don't mind. You know he is not the same fellow since poor father's death." " Weil, if I'd had the D.T., and I'd been Dick," answered Hal, who always had the last word, " it would have been poor father's ghost and not Harry Tyrell's that would have haunted me. I don't blame bim—nobody can, but for all that I shouldn't like to have the old. man's- blood upon my hand." (To le continued.) 