The graciousness of tho Hoitao of Assoni- bly to tho insulting doininatioti of tho Lcgishitivo Council lias encouraged the irresponsible membors of that august portion of the Lugislaturo to placo tho last" featuor ou tho already overloaded back of both Ministors and tho represen tative llouso of Parliament. Tho persons soloctod for completing tho humiliation of tho Government, as well as of tho Assem bly, aro just tho very best that could hare been chosen. No nioro lib men for tho work coiild be fouud among tho 100,000 inhabitants of tho island. Opposed to cvory popular' intorest and right— tho consistent enemies of all that is liberal ami enlightened— notorious fvir the inten sity and anlicpiity of their prejudices— and remarkable for tho tenacity with which they cling to every abuse and proved wrong of which the public party complain, the choico of agents for effecting the selfish objects of a monopolising domineer ing class of oligarchs, could nob havo fallen on more fitting instruments than tho Grubbs, Oamerons, Aikouhoad», and Chapnians, who ornament tho benches or the Legislative Council. It was really amusing to witness Uio appearance at the bar of tho House' of Assembly yesterday of Mr, W. D. Grubb, to doliver into the hands of the Speaker " a message from Uio Legislative Council," of a nature so insulting to every member of tho Assem bly, that had tho Speaker ordered his removal from the bar, through tho help of tho Sorgeant-afc-Arms, lie would have receivod the almost unanimous applause, as well as support, of tho House. Wo arc' not sorry to find our representatives and Ministers invited to sup occasionally from tho cup of humiliation, prepared for their acceptance by the petty tyrants ami flinty-hearted usurers and iniaora who havo been clioson to represent the must narrow- minded aiul selfish class that over gan grened tho vitals of any community. Wo could havo given hearty expression to our thankfulness while listoning to tho venor- 'able'nttornoy who oarricd the mossago to tho bar of tho Houso of Assembly yester day, which substantially told Ministers /that" they woro such acoundrols, their 'honors of- the Legislative Council could not trust them to pay any respoct to tho laws they aro hound to oboy ancl to up- 'hold, '"and ' ordered tho members of tho Assembly to prostrato themselves bofnro Hoik W. D. Grubb ns the representative of their masters/to lick tliodnst off his boots, to pay him fealty and homage, aud to bo 'spat upon as a fitting recognition of their degrading subsorvioncy. Tho Executive ! was ' cotmnauded to acknowledge them selves to bo rogues unworthy of trust, aud tho Assembly ordered to proclaim themaolvea slaves. Had this bearer of the insult, plauticd in tho Legislative Council - by the sumo mon who conspired to cheat tho working classes of our two principal seats of population out of their franchises, been summarily ejected from tho bar .of the House and committed to the coal-hole, thuro is not an independent, honeat-prineiplcd 'individual, who would not havo blessed tho men who Had tho spirit and moral courago to resent tho impudout attempt to trample in tho dirt the liberties, tho honor, aud the dignity .of that branch of Purliamont which re presents tho pcoplo, and to whoso keeping the pcoplo havo specially confided the cousorvatiun of their rights and interests. In making these observations we mean no persoual disrcapoct to tho Hon. W. D. Grubb. It is only as a legislator, and a very active and illiboral oppuser of evory proposition and measure having tho slightest tondoucy to popularise our Ho puts himself forward as. the champion of a system that is a standing reproach to tho community which tolerates it, and his advocacy is always at tho scrvico of por- sons as.narrow-mimlud aud prejudiced as himself. Ho decs, no doubt, that winch ho heliovcs to bo best calculated to pro- moto ilia own particular viows, and it is quilo possible that ho luis porsunded him self .that tho interests of the colony aro best served wlion his own particular pur poses aro realised. Like all other men, lie has his icUosyncracies, and wo as. journalists should nevor feel justified hrcrLticising or calling attontiou to thorn, but for the unfortunate accident of his being 'allowed to gratify, and exhibit them to the groat damngo of tho general welfare, by boing taken from hi» buiiuess of litiga tion, .and invested with authority to legis late upon tho same principles that governed his action as an attorney, a bill dis counter,- and monoy grubber. Hnd tho Assembly imitated the action of the Houso of Commons, led by. tho Speaker, in 1772, when the House of Lords ventured to insult its members by attempts to usurp its privileges, we should never havo anothor such humiliating exhibition as that made at tho bar of tho Assembly ysitordsy afternoon, by tho tone of the insulting message of which Mr. W. D. Grubb was tho very well isloctcd bearer. On tho occasion referred to, tho bill transmitted to tho Commons was first unanimously repudi ated by tho Commons, then tossed over tho 'iablo. by tho Speaker (Sir Fletcher Norton), and, as tho report of tho debates inform us, " was kicked about the floor by members - from both sides of tho House." - Mr. William Gollibrand, who moved that the bill transmitted through Mr. Grubb should bo read a first time, appoared.'somewhat mortified because tlio Premier proposed as an amendment "that; it should be simply laid aside." AVhat /'would lie havo thought, or how 'would hi) have acted, had tho members, led by the Speaker, followed tho spiritod example . of Sir .Flutclior Norton and those who " kicked" tlio offensive message of tho Lords about tho floor of tlio Houso, of Commons 7 According to our own view of tlio . circumstances connected with the preparation; tho adoption, and presentation .of the bill carried to tlio liar of the Aasombly 'by Mr. Grubb, wo 'feel' assured, a, most appropriate oppor tunity was ullowed to pass for mnkitig such a response to tho Lcgislativo Couucil as would prove to these obstructives to all legislation and offenders against tho first priuciplos of constitutional govom- raont, that they might not calculato any longer upjn that forbearanco aud ro- .luctanco to como into collision with tho Lcgislativo ' Council which havo em boldened its menibors oven to exceed tho limits of ordinary doconcy. Soino very decided steps must bo takon bofore mon so utterly indifferent to flie privileges and rights of tho popular branch of tho Legis lature can bo effectually checked ; and it is to be regretted that the inessongor who carried tho insulting bill to tho bar of tho Assembly was riot receivod by the mem bers seated and thoir heads covered. It . would havo boon woll, too, 'if the Speaker had refused to riso, or to leavo his chair, and that ithe Sorgoant-at-Arms had been instructed to ortlor Mr. Grubb 'and his attendants to retire from a placo and from tho presence .of those he had boon deputed 'ib;inault./,r ' ' ' . ' /./ ( k'-TEMWRArnio. -The" 'South' Australian department yesterday forwarded a memo, to ;'tlie local office; stating' that communication briHthc ;lVrt Darwin line was restored at '8,30 the previous evening. - leothlatrvk Council.— In the Legislative Couucil yesterday, tlio Volunteer Bill and tho Military Discipline Bill were advanced a stage, after considerable discussion." A stand was taken by sovcrnl .members with regard to the advisability of allowing the volunteers tlio right of electing their own captains, as well as their non-commissioned ollicers and subalterns, lb was eventually agreed that tho power of electing tho captains should he vested in the members of ouch corps. Tlio further consideration of the resolution of tho llouso of Assembly, with reference to the Beecroft ami llnrdingo claims, was postponed for a week, as tho Council was of minion that tboy were not in the proper form to admit of tlio Houho dealing with them. Messrs. Innes and Chapman animadverted in strong terms upon the mode and manner the Executive adopted in placing the ques tion before tlio Council. The postponement was agreed to to allow of the Colonial Score-, tary to communicate witli his colleagues ou the subject. The petitions presented ou tho previous day woro ordered to be printed, hnd Dr. Crowtlier's motion postponed till to-day. The House, ut 2o minutes past 3, adjourned till 4 o'clock this afternoon. The .Holme uy Ahhi:m»lv. — The business transacted in this branch of our Legislature last night was not quite in keeping with tlio talking, tho main object of many of the Go vernment supporters' boing to' show that they had no intention of patronising a. certain little affair going on at tho 'lawn Hall. Never wore heard more stupid propositions and objections to anything and everything— all being for the ugly purpose of gaining that time which was being lost by others. The consideration of the Council's amend ments on the Railway Interest Bill was post poned to next day. Messrs. Grubb and Gcllibraml brought down a message from the Council explaining a supposed mistake that had been made hi tho bill lb provide that no notice of the purchase of the Main Line should Im) given without the sanction of Parliament. Mr. Gcllibraml, of tho Assem bly, moved that tho measure he read a first time, but the Premier, who was sup- : Hirted hy nearly all other members of he House, carried an amendment that it should he laid aside. Tho Gaum Bill was discussed in committee, until the Attorney-General was nonplussed and the Premier nauseated ; yet only a few clauses were passed. Most desperate at tempts were made hy thoniiti-railroad people to introduce im\v and very important busi ness ; hut they signally failed, the Opposi tion, and not a few who sit on tho right of the Speaker, living decidedly of opinion that the unusual display of zeal must bo attribut able to motives not 'too clearly avowed by the would-be workers. The Premier ob tained a select-, committee to draw!- up brio of those iiciicb congratulatory addresses to Her Majesty that do not at nil stop blood-v shed ; and tho same hoii. mcinbcr intimated, in reply to Mr. Kcilwy, that he would next .day toll when tho financial' statement would be delivered. The Houho adjourned, to the usual hour this afternoon. Tub Late Mouton Ai.i.roirr. — When the lion. Attorney- Genera! was proposing the second reading of the Game Act last even ing, ho paid a .graceful : tribute to the memory of the late Mr. Morton Allnort. We have seldom heard tlio lion. Mr. 'Dobson to better advantage, than whcii lie referred to tho toss the colony had to mourn 1st his late ! friend. Tho hearty -manifestations of assent which he met with, showed that he hnd the sympathies of the House with. him. Truly, the lion, gentleman's lament, that there was no one to take Mr. Allport's place as a student of natural history was not with out reason, for in imiuy ways shall we miss his wholesome advice. Tub Ouchbsthal Union.— The secretary announces that the first practice will take placo this evening, at the Freemasons'. Hall, .Murray-street, commencing at half-past 7 o'clock. Attention is directed to two of the rules of the society. Mu. Roiiert CIayer. — This gentleman, with his family, left for Melbourne yesterday afternoon, por s.s. Tnmnr. A number of his friends assembled ou the wharf before lie left to hid him farewell. Clark's Gatkty Ghouil — This excellent company was fairly pntroniscd last night at tW Tuvmnnftin .lfnll Ti,» m her usual dashing style, that beautiful Irish ballad, "Come hack to Erin." Mr. Sylvester next astonished and mystified those present by his wonderful Casket of Necromantic Gems and his beautiful En tranced Lady, Mr. Ernest Voltaire was also extremely-good in his vcritriioquial perform-' anoe. The remaining portion of tlio enter tainment was far above tlio average, and everyone seemed to be highly delighted. The company will appear overy evening until further notice,' ami wo would advise thoso who wisli to pass a pleasant evening to patroniso them. ' ' Theatre Royal. — There was a large attendance at this place of amusement last evening, to witness tlio reproduction of Boucieault's grand sporting drama of ! " The Flying Scud. ' The elmraetars were admi rably sustained, Mr. Whcatleigh again earn ing tho greatest approbation for his capital imporsunatiuu of Nat Gosling, the old traiuor. The remaining parts were faithfully por- trayed by Messrs. Byrne, Barry, Brown, Humphries, and Xowtnn. Tlio only change in tho cast was the substitution of Miss Kate Dillon for Madame Legrnnd in the character of Julia Mortimer. Tin's evening will l»o the groat ono of tho season, when Mr. Wheat- loigh will take a benefit. There is a highly- attractive bill prepared for the occasion, including the comedietta of "Two Can Tlay at That Game," and Boucieault's new comedy, "Forbidden Fruit," In both of which Mr. Whcatleigh will appear. As 'the Hobart Town public are always . ready to appreciate truly, legitimate merit, and enjoy a really good piece well represented, wo arc sure thoy will accord Mr. Whcatleigh -what he deserves— an overflowing house. 1 The performances will lie under tho especial patronage of Captain K. L. Crowther and the officers ami members of the Volunteer Artillery Corps. If begging a good house for an excellent artist, like Mr/; Wheatleigli would get it for him, wo.would .willingly do so; but we dop't tliiiilc.tliat anything-of the kind should bo necessary. Wo consider, it enough to ' advise' those who.. wish. seats to go early for them; and' keep thorn. The Main Linb DnTictn/nv— Tt is cur rently reported that proceedings have licen instituted by the Mam Liiio Railway Com- pany in tlio Supremo Court against the' Government to tost the legality of tho claim for interest, from the time the lino was opened in March 1S7(>, to November 1. Licuteiiaiit-Colonel Grey will 'return to England ou Friday, Mr. Davison remaining for a short time longci% Social Gathbuinu.— Wo understand that Lieutenant-Colonel Grey ami Mr. Davison entertained about 100 guests at the Town lull, -last evening. There was a private exhibition of Mr. D'Arcy Roid's Ghost, after which tho company partook of a supper prepared by Mr. John Webb, in his accustomed perfect style.' The hall having been cleared in tho interim dancing was kept up till an early hour to the musib of Messrs. Dcntith and' Fowler's hand, Tenders 'are invited by tho Minister of Lands for the construction of a bridge over tlio River Jordan, for works on the roads from Detention River to Circular Head, and from Tnhlo Ciino to Detention River; also for the erection of a now dormitory, Hospital for Irisauo; New Norfolk. : Thero is to be a meeting at Trinity Church schoolroom this evoniog, under tho auspices of tlio Church of Euglauu Temperance Society. The programirio will consist of music, read ings, otc, Thero 'will ho a dramatio reading In tho Goulburn-fltreot Bchoolroom this evening, com mencing at 7.30. ' I ; < The Grand ' Lodge' of Tasmania, 'I.O.G.T.» advertiso for a' lecturer for a tour- of two or three months. Further particulars - will i be found by reference to the advertisement. ' It is notified In bur advertising columns that .tho.llobart Town portion of ihb itifle ltbgimont will parade at tho Military Barracks. on Satur; day, at 3.30, for marching out. We are requested to'draw attention to' tho sale of Deddrick pressed hay. ' by. Roberts and Co., tliis day, at 11 o'clock sharp, at tbe New Market. " ...... ,t(l: 