Nobelist. "HE WINS WHO WAITS." BY GROSVENOR BUNSTER, Author of "John Horton's Ward," Mark Felton," "The Best Man Wins," "Caleb Thornton," &c.; CHAPTER XXI. (Continued.) "SHE don't act now, I tell you," cried the stout actor. "No, she writes tales and plays, and all that," cried Mr. Todd, eagerly. "Then you know her ?" "No, no ; but, as I tell you, my friend Harrington got mixed up with some annoy- ance about some jewellery. There was a certain ring— an antique—" "Very large, plain stone. I know it," said Mr. Todd, proud to be able to take a large share of the conversation. "You know it ?" echoed Vickers. "Tut— nonsense— it was stolen !" "Well, all I can say is that if it was stolen she's got it back. Maybe," went on Mr. Todd, with a nod of sagacity," the spirits got it back for her ; for she's a great medium, they tell me, and a leading card in the pack of nonsense that's the fashion nowadays. Why, what's the matter ? Surely you don't believe in that humbug ?" Mr. Vickers had fallen back in his chair, his cheeks pale, his eyes distended, and staring at vacancy. "D— me," said some one, "the man's going to have a fit. Here, Vickers, "swal- low this," and he forced some wine down his throat. "Did you see nothing ?" asked Vickers, in a hollow voice. "Ha, ha ! well done, and well acted ! By George ! any one of us might have been proud of the performance," cried the stout actor. But that Vickers was not acting, others saw. "Pshaw !" he presently muttered, in answer to Mr. Todd's inquiries, " 'twas a passing delusion. I could have sworn I saw a shadow passing slowly through the room." "Oh !" shrieked the ladies. "Lord ! don't say so ?" said Mr. Todd, junior, whose naturally sub- stantial and practical order of mind scouted such impassabilities as impossibilities." "You've been eating lobster salad, re- member. That's your shadow, take my word for it. Chumple, hand Mrs. Visavis the claret; and Mr. Todd set himself to put matters in their natural order. So far he was successful that presently everybody even Vickers himself, seemed to have for- gotten what the tragedian in the company aptly called the ghost scene. But, when Vickers had departed with the rest of the company, Todd, junior, smoking one of his remarkable pipes, reflected on the matter. "Deuced odd," said he. "But I've a happy thought. I'll run down to-morrow and see Miss Bertha. It will be a capital excuse to intrude myself upon Miss Laplace. As being a piece of information in the spiritist line, she can't but think me welcome." And full of this brilliant idea, Todd, junior retired to his couch. Next morning, or rather afternoon— for Mr. Todd now slept far into the day, both as a matter of fashionable custom, and also because he needed the refreshment after his dissipations— he attired himself with great care, and rode down to the house in which Miss Laplace resided. The lady received him with a significant smile, for it was not unknown to her that Todd, junior, cherished a secret passion for her pretty clerk. "Well, Mr. Todd," said she, for Mr. Todd had long managed to secure an introduction to the authoress, "how do you do ? Do you bring me any news of the gay world, or your visit intended for Miss Bertha ?" "Oh, come now," cried Todd, junior, wag- ging, his flexible nose. "Don't now, really. Of course I shall be delighted— charmed to see Miss Barnaby. But the fact is, I have a little news. Something I've thought that you can 'work up,' you know, in your clever novels." "Indeed ; you are doubly welcome. Sit down, Mr. Todd, and tell me all about it. And here is my fair amanuensis ready to take down the particulars." As she spoke Bertha, charmingly dressed in summer dress and hat, entered the room. Mr. Todd rose and bowed pro- foundIy, wagged his nose vigorously and trusted that Miss was well— as well "as you look, you know"—suddenly struck by the idea of this handsome compli- ment. This inquiry being satisfactorily arranged, he sat down again, cleared his throat, and, with great elaboration and emphasis, repeated the conversation which had taken place at his supper- table on the previous evening. Miss Laplacce listened in- tently, Bertha with growing excitement. "It is an infamous lie," cried the latter, when Mr. Todd touched upon that portion of Vickers' remarks as referred to poor Har- rington's troubles in connection with the murder and robbery in Melbourne. "It is an infamous lie ;" and she turned upon Miss Laplace with eyes blazing with indignation, her slight form drawn to its full height. For the old taint of jealousy, which had come to her when she first heard of Harrington's trouble, was now suddenly revived. Miss. Laplace smiled sadly. "It is as you say, Bertha. The man who tells the story was the criminal. And so he is, here— once more he crosses my path. Well I foresaw it." These last words she muttered, as though to herself, the while looking dreamily before her. Todd, junior, putting this and that together, as he afterwards observed, felt an odd idea that he had got mixed up with some conspiracy in which a ring, a ghost, a murder, and a pretty girl were all jumbled up together. And he was not far wrong. But Todd, junior, found that, in taking advantage of his information to procure an interview with the lady of his heart, he had hardly done his cause much good. For Bertha — unjust, of course, as we ever are to those who bring us evil intelligence— now assumed a hauteur and coldness toward Todd, junior, that (to use his explanation of it to Mr. Chample) regularly flabbergasted him. He left the house humbled and crushed, and riding home with as despondent an air as was consistent with a person of fashionable habits, he repaired to a favourite billiard room, and there drank brandy and water, and lost money to the marker and his friends, for the remainder of the day. "Bertha," said Miss Laplace, when they were alone, "do you know that I possess the gift of prescience ?" "Indeed." And Bertha's voice was very hard and metallic. "Yes, and I can tell you that your little heart is troubled. You are jealous. You deem that I— when I was beautiful and celebrated— stole your Edward's fancy, if not affection. Is it not so ?" Bertha looked up— her wistful eyes filled with tears. Then the odd sympathy with her employer's nature which had filled her being when first she saw her once more conquered her. She fell upon the neck of her friend and wept. Then the other, with that tender perception of the young girl's heart which grew alike out of her past friendship (if not more) for Harrington and her present love for Bertha, told her the story of her meeting with the former. "I was very fond of him, my dear. But this I know—he held you dearest and best." And so this little storm passed, and sun- shine beamed again. But over Miss Laplace there seemed to have come a grave shadow. Her usual sprightly humour had vanished ; she remained thoughtful and abstracted during the afternoon ; and when Bertha was about to leave, she asked her to stay that night with her. "I feel lonely, dear," she said, "and as though some danger threatened me. It is, of course, mere action of the nervous system. To-morrow we will take a holiday, and go off into the country." And so, with music and occasional talk, the two friends passed the evening. It was nigh upon midnight when they retired. 