CHAPTER XXV. Oil, WHAT A FALLINU OFF WAS TJIEUK. — ONE OF MY UKKAT CAKVS TU11KS IT FOK THE SKOOND T1MK.— HK MAKK.S A GIANT. We work liy wit and uot liy witchcraft.— Iaga. 1 was once more up in town and busily en gaged attending to my usual Christmas ami' New Year's parlies. Ono day, passing along the New Iload 1 was attracted by a well known voice, and, on Junking up lielinM a man standing, :is it were, on a small raised phitform outside a kind -if (shop or w.archmuu. A canvass nicture was suspended from Hie lirst lloor window, and on examination proved to be the portrait of a vory tall and corpulent man dressed in Chinese costume, aud with an enormous cocked hat ou his licad. Ncaring the platform, I heard the aforesaid voice say : ' U«y- g^.t tins; to Yaughan, and fetch me a Btoup of liquor.' The boy, a little urchin dressed in faded Highland costume, and suspiciously like a spotted boy 1 hail seen cluou-hcro, took the coin held out to him, aud disappeared into a neighboring public-houso. Need [ say the great llappyinan was oncu more liuforo me in the flesh V But, oh ! what a falling olT was there ! Harillyonyonccould havorecogoised, in the shabby-ninuing-to-sced lei ml of appear ance the individual before me presented, our old friend tho gay and sprue* Professor. Where wore tho patent-leather bo its that were wont to shine so gloriously ? Their ghosts were surely there, so wort the ghosts of a once resplendent coat aud elegant panta loons, aud so was the ghost of a once glossy and rakish-looking hat. But, such shabby, dilapidated ghosts as Beldnm shcM' anywhere in broad daylight, and generally prefer the ju.liciouF aud friendly sliades of night for their ghostly wanderings. Tho eye-glass was there, but the very ribbon that held it seemed to hide itself in the folds of a vory doubtful-looking, rusty-brown dicky, as if ashamed of its former smartness, livery thing about the man was changed. His very whiskers looked as if, they had been bought second-hand at some fourth-rate theatrical wardrobe shop, bo rusty and straggling did they look on that once handsome fnoe. In deed, the whole man gave one tho appear ance as if Bomo of nature's joiu- ncpnoii bad mndo men, aud not mmlc ilicm well, lie lDiiwiod Ills former Belt no uliuminably.— Slyhtti/ aflcr Shtlnjmir*. Even his old swagger was changod, and had more of the melodramatic villain — at a shilling a night, and find your own tights— about it than when I saw him on a former occasion. liockoning me inside, he said : 'Yes, it is I, at least all that is left of me. I have fallen into the scar and yellow loaf.' This quotation I thought exceedingly apropos, especially so far as his otology for a shirt was concerned. 'My friond, I am no longer the maul was, and prosperity has done it all.' ' You are not the lirst man whoso head has been turned by prospority, my friend,' replied I, ' but where ib your giant ? I,ct me boo him and you oan go on with your story afterwards.' He contracted his right eye, and there was an expansion of his right oheek, which very much resembled the general facial expression of tho clown in the pantomime, when the policeman asks him ' who stole the sausagos.' 'Home manufacture, dear boy. The genuine article ; but no go. Haven't taken enough to pay for tho giant's raw moat sinoe we opened this morning.' ' Haw meat,' said I. 'come, that will do.' ' Fact,' said he, bringing his forellngor in contact with his somewhat rosy-hned nasal organ. ' Raw meat ! oats it at every per formance, that is when we got enough people to warrant us in showing. Mum's the word , I'll show you ; oomc this way,' and bo led me into an inner room. 'Now then, up goes tho donkey, and drawing aside an old chintz curtain, we stood in the presence of a man who, on rising, seemed to me to he about eight feet high, and broad in proportion. That is to say every part of him not exposed to public view seemed to be of those hup proportions, but neither his head nor what I oould sec of bis hands (he wore very bug alee ves to oonoeal .them) gave one the idea of belonging to any .bnt aa average-sized man. And now to dissect our giant, and to le ; him in his true state, before, puttiug hia U-r getfcar again, a First take, bt, Us :loo»e robe i— a. wy lad, «^r, (^tt^O^flOoWng, cotton affair — and we come to the skin, or padding as it is called. This is also a long affair in thoehape of a robe, but is simply lined with wadding, sevoral inches in thick ness. And now, as he stands before us, our giant Booms to have gono into u rapid waste, his broad and maiiiy chest, and fine square shoulders, arc lying all of a hoap at our feet, and his somewhat crooked andalroost skeleton like legs and arms form a sad contrast to his towering height. But wo have not clone with him yet. Ho wears huge Jack boolB, the outer Boles at least three inches thick, and the heels about the same numbor of inches from tho mound ; but this passes uiUBter with the public, who are always prepared to see a giant in thick boots, a pardonable deception, which after all could only add about three or four iuchos to his ualur/il height. Rut we are going through a little private perform auoc, and the profane eyes of the public must not look on. Keep the doors well guarded, and stand before the curtain while I politely romcjvo the giant's boots ; and lo ! my giant stands erect before urn, nnd, after all, is not very u.uch tailor than one of those martial heroes in lisatlier boots and shining cuirass, planted outside the Horse Guards, for no other purpose than 1 can think of than to guard the great clock from striking thirteen, and to lie the admiration of nursemauLs re r«siding in the neighborhood. 1 peep into the boots, and ut last thrust my hand down tmo of them, when, hoigh, presto ! tho secret is out. There is on inner boot for the foot to fit in, and nt least another six inches thick ! ' Aud now I'll show you the giant's tftblo, which is more in your line,' said the una bashed showman, aud Buiting the action to the word, ho produced au ordinary deal kitchen tiblo. At least the public, judging from its appearance, would take it for one. But tln.ro is what is professionally known as a ' trap' or sloat in its centre, and ou this the giant would manipulate the immense pieces of raw meat which the gaping ami 'un- washed' believed him t-- swallow, the pieces of incut, as a matter of fact, disappearing iu to a drawer fixed in tho table. 1 tinned from this original sight a s.idder nnd wiser man, and slipping some loose Bilver into the giant's willing hands, 1 begged my friend to go on with his story ho promised to relate to me touching his almost ' Miltoniau downfall.' ' Yes,' said the ox-Dundreary, ' Pros pority and a cheque-book did it all. Whon I married, my wife, on our returning from church, brought a large cash-box into the room, and giving mo the key, said, ' AU this is yours now, you will find seventy poiinds in cash, and a bank-book, showing a deposit of three thousand more, some mortgages and other property, all of which my late husband left nic at his death. Take care of them, it is your duty as my husband.' Well, what could 1 do V The novelty of the tiling was bo overpowering that ou looking at the cheque book and thinking that by a mere scratch of the pen 1 could convert one of these little bits of brown paper into bright shining gold, and cry ' open sesame1 to the very doors of the bank itself, I nearly fainted, at alleveuts I felt almost sick, strange as such a feel ing must appear in your eyes. And so I drew a cheque, and in the act felt as if| 1 had already committed forgery ! I could nut believe in the reality of the thing, 1, who seldom hod a shilling to my name, aud would have boon bold enough to enquire the price of Buckingham I'alacc itself, if by any lucky turn of the wheel of fortune 1 had ever found myself the happy possessor of a hundred-pound note. But the bank having been duly informed of the legality of my proceedings, only asked me to favor them with my signature to keep in a private book, and, comparing it with the cheque, instantly paid the amount. Besides, the manager had seen mo in company with my newly aflianced some time previously. Tliis drawing of cheques was so delightful au occupation' that I bulk every opportunity of buying sonio thing— things for which 1 had nut the slightest use— so as to have the pleasure of saying 'Oh I'll give you a cheque for the amount.' ' My heart Mod for the man and. his poor wife when he liuished his narrative. In less tliim t»'» years after Iiis marriage )---' hail squandered all his wife's fortune, and she, poor soul, having a loving aud truly ali'ec tiounlu disposition (alas ! she had proved it by the injudicious surrender of her fortune) clung to hiiii in all his misery and dogi'ada tiou. MORAL. I luive often thought that the life of such a man is very much to be compared to a child's toy ball. At first, when the ball is still new and gorgeously covered with a pretty silken net, it is tendorly and lovingly hnudleil. Tho owner is almost afraid to play with it, for fear of spoiling its pretty bright ness. By-and-liye, My an accident, the ball rolls in the gutter; it is instantly rescued and tenderly wiped. Still it is, though nearly aa good as now, a little Boiled, aud the marks of the gutter are upon it. For some time it remains so. Presently the child receives Home other present, which, being new ami 'f a novel nature, usurps the place of the other toy, whieh now lies somewhat, neglected iu a corner. In ilue course of time the ball is once more the favorite plaything, till by turn it is either iu the gutter or out of it. As time Htill progresses, perhaps it changes hands, perhaps, too, its now posses sor or possessors, as the case may lie, not caring much for it, and finding it sonic day hopelessly immersed in a pool of dirt, leave it there, and there it lies, neglected and for gotten by all the world. But a stray wandorer coming that way picks it out of the gutter, kindly cleanses it, and leaves it iu th-: sun to dry. There it lies, basking in the glorious sunshino, and with the light of day once more upon it. But, alas 1 such happiness is but transitory at the best. Seo I a storm comes an'nd tho little ball is once more dripping wet, and tho wind cutting right through, nearly to its sawdust-lined ribs. And so on, ami so on— in the sunshine and out of it, somotimoB dry and sometimes wet, till, at lasb, leather and sawdust can hold togothcr no longer, they part company, become dust ! Dust to dust ! and each minute particle goes to form some other clement in the grand economy of nature, for they tell us ' Nothing is lost.' As I never met my manufacturer of natural curiosities after this day, I can only speak of him from hoarsay. The last titrw I heard of him he was doorsman at a waxwork exhibi tion, and his wife employed as needlewoman in the same place. I, howovor, heard many an anecdote of him, and amongst others, how one night he sold a whole company of the most expert conjurors in London. His audacity and native wit helped htm through ou tho occasion. I will relate the anecdote as it was told to me by the eminent M. W. {To be continued.) 