miiisements. ': — » ' . A domestic drama called Revenge, founded upon the romance, the Miller's Maid, which found favor with English playgoers fifty years ago,' has been produced at the Theatre Royal. The ohief . charac ter of Giles, a Yorkshireman, waa undertaken by Mr. Sam Emery, whose father was the original Giles when the Mil ler's Maid first took its place upou the English Btage. The piece belongs to the old-fashioned school, and forms a strong contrast to the smart society plays of the present day. The dialogue is Btilted, the sentiment pervading the piece is of tho hyper-melodramatic order, and the attempts ? at humor are weak in the extreme. Phoebe, a supposed orphan adopted by a miller, is be- t loved by Giles and George the Sailor, who 1 consequently conceive . a bitter hatred for I each other. Giles rescues Phoebe from a I great danger, and though she is grateful to him she cannot give him her heart, for it is already possessed by George. A difficulty arises to the union of George and Phoobe, inasmuoh aB it is discovered that they are brother and sister. The return of an old soldier, Phoebe's father, supposed to have been dead, put another complexion on the matter. It turns out that George the sailor ia Phcebe'sfoster-brother, aud that consequently there is no legal bar to their union. George obtains tho hand of Phoebe, and Giles ? has to bear with his disappointment. Aa Giles Mr. Emery aoted naturally and with great power, his assumption of manly earnestness being marked by conaam. mate skill. In the laat act, where he over comes his dislike of George, and tells him to take Phoebe, Mr. Emery developed an in tensity of pathos that quite won the sym pathies of the audience. Mr. Stuart O'Brien, as the miller, did the heavy business in a manner a trifle too dignified for the part. Aa George, Mr. Vincent fell into the old beaten track of staginesa, and was conse quently hard and unnatural. Old Grainger was invested by Mr. Sefton with all the dia mal surroundings supposed to belong to tho part of the old soldier to whom a crutch was a necessary means of locomotion. Matty Marvellous, the miller's apprentice, was played by Mr. C. H. Taylor, who endoavored to extract fan out of the histrionic procli vities and literary aspirationa of the oha« racter he assumed. Miss Solange Navaro made tho most out of the part of Phoebe. Mr. Emery haa continued to give his excel lent impersonations of Capt'n Cuttle ia Heart's Delight. On Friday Mr. Emery took his benefit, appearing as Sir Owen Griflitha in the Welsh Girl, and aa Job Thornberry, in Coleman'a comedy, John Bull. The wooing scoae from Henry V. wob also given Mr. Rignold aB the English King. Tho farewell benofit of Mr. William Crea wick took place on Saturday last at tho Priuco of Wales Opera House, when he ap* peared aa William Tell, and Mr. Oakloy ia the Jealous Wife. Ia tho former piece he / aotod with intelligence and power, and in the latter he displayed hia skill aB a light comedian. On being called before the cur tain Mr. Creswiok expressed his thanks for the kind and generous roooptiou he had ineff , with, in .Melbourne. Ho mentioned that he .proposed playing in Tasmania and Now ?Zealand, after which he would perform in Sydney .and Adelaide. , Melbourne, he Baid, Iiad been the first stage he had trodden in the,. Australian colonies, and he hoped to make it the last, and therefore stood in no need of his saying just then a final farewell. He thanked the press for the discriminating notices he had received, and those who had acted with him for their willing co-operation, and also the management, for the manner in which the pieces had been placed upon the Btage. A dramatised version of Sir Walter Scott's poem the Lady of the lake, was produced on Monday, when Mr. Tueo. Hamilton, an American actor, made lhie debut before a Melbourne audience. The rhythm of the text used in the poem has been preserved in the drain?, but for the purposes of dialogue it can scarcely be called effective. Versification, when employed to invite awan dering stranger to make himself at homo in the castle which has given him shelter, or to ?question a guide as to local topography, ap proaches something very like bathos. The drama deals mainiy with the meeting of 37if-r -TatYiaa ntwl 'RnriolMpir Film f.hpir f'nm liftfc and the subsequent immolation upon tho mountains of tho body of the Clan Alpine's 'Warrior true. There was the mustering of the ?clans, and much marching to the strains of an asthmatic bagpipe. Mr. JJamilton has a good .at ago appearance, and has a fair voice of moderate depth and volume. His enuncia tion is distinct, and is marked with the ?characteristic individuality of iutonation that proclaims his nationality. Hio acting is of tho melodramatic order, and while at times he is effective, at others he display s too great a tendency for posing »nd extending his by-play to unnecessary limits. Tho char acter of Fitzjaines, which he assumed, afforded him no great scope for a display of Jbistrionic skill, but what he had to do was done fairly, and with a duo regard to the ?exigencies of the character. Mr. Hamilton was supported by Mr. CharloB Wheatleigb, ivho took the character of Roderick Dim, and played it with commendable vigor and etfeut. His acting when first he meets Fitzjames at Ben Ledi was good, and when, at a later period, disclosing his identity to King James of Scotland, he dans him to single combat, Mr. Wheatleigh displayed consider able dramatic power. At times his accent partook rather of tho Vnterland of the ?ShaughrauD, than of the country which gave hitbb to Roderick Dhu. In the matter of costume Mr. Wheatleigh paid tbafc attention to the details that mark a picturesque attire. James of Bothwell, the banished Lord of Douglas, was played by Mr. A. Boothman, -who spoke hie speeches asifhis mission was to ^continuously defy everyone with whom he came iu contact ; snd even when addressing Ellen Douglas in tones supposed to be sooth ing, his words partook of the general trucu Jeuoy of his delivery. As Malcolm Graeme, Mr. Hans Phillips did his best with a part that has little to recommend it. In the Quarrel Scene with Roderick Dhu he -spoko the lines allotted to him with good elocutionary effect. Mr. Joyce's Allan Bone, the Douglas Minstrel, was not ineffec tive. In the part of Brian, a Druid monk, with a touch of the clairvoyant medium about iiim, Mr. Ryan let loose his flow of oratory to his heart's content. He proved that his lungs wero capable of bearing high pressure, and that he well understood how to tear a passion in tatters, Mr. A. Inglis made Red Murdook, the spy, a diluted sort of Dougal creature with signs of incipient weakness about the knees'. Ellen Douglas, 'the Lady of the Lake, was played by Miss lluth Grey. The connection of the character with the plot is somewhat ambiguous. Her ohief busi ness lay in appearing before Fitzjames and ?by signs intimating that her presence was required elsewhere. She wore a plaid scarf f astern d to her shoulders in approved '?' Scotch fashion, and took an 'oar to paddle her on a canoe across the waters, and here her identity with Sir Waiter Scott's heroino -ended. Blanche of Devon, a maniac, played hy Mm Jessie Grey, was made a part a la Ophelia. She decorated her hair with straws and discoursed a plaintiva melody. Blanohe appears to have been introduced to prove iiow a maiden could walk and talk with a three-foot arrow, discharged from Red Mur dooh's bow, through her body. Miss Jessie 4j}rey, however, displayed an intelligent conception of the part, the appeal to Fitz james to save her from the cruelty of Murdoch being given with good pafchetio expression. Some of the scenery was not in keeping with the time and place of the drama, and other portions painted for the ocoasion are libelB upon the pioturesque features of 'Caledonia, stern and wild.' The watch-fire of Roderiok Dhu, a scene of snow-capped hills and falling snow, was managed with due rogard to artistic effect. The peaks of Ben Ledi illumined by the flames prepared to receive tho body of Roderiok Dhu was ;i scene that did credit to the artist. A season 01 JSnglisIi opera ot twenty-live eights was commenced at the Academy of Music on Saturday last, under the leaseeship of Mr. H. Bracy. The season opened with the production, for the first time in Aus tralia, of Planquette's comio opera, Lea Cloches de Cornoville, adapted by Messrs. H. B. Farnie and R. Roece. The plot, whioh ia laid in Normandy, is as follows : — Tho Castlo of Corneville ia supposed to be liauuted, and the apparitions form the sub* jeot of conversation amongst the villagers. Gaspard, an old miser, had adopted as a child one Serpolette, who turns out a sort of vil lage hoyden. Ho has also a niece, Ger maino, whom he proposes to give in mar- riago to the village baillie. She objects to the matoh, one of her reasons being that she entor tains certain feelings of gratitude to one Grenicheux, a fisherman, whom she aupposos saved her from drowning. The Marquis do Corncvillo, who, owing to poli tical difficulties had been an exile, returns to his ancestral home. Taking advantage of tho Norman hiring fair, Grenicheux, Germaino and Serpolette, in order to escapo from tho thraldom of Gaspard, take service with the Marquis, and tell him that his castle ia haunted. Ho determines to investigate the matter, and, followed by his retinue, in apoota the building. In one of tho rooms ia found a white sheet and a portfolio. In tho latter is discovered a letter from a certain Count do Lucenay to Gaspnrd, confiding to tho lattor his fortuno and his child, a girl of twelve years, tolling him to bring the child up as a rustic. Tho date of the letter corresponds with that of the adoption of Serpolette, and sho ac cordingly maintains that she is the Countess of Lucenay. When night comes tho. Marquis and his followers hide themselves to catch theghoBt. Gaspard appears with a lantern, and, lighting sundry candles, invests himself with the sheet and takes his stand before a window so that he can be Been from the village. Ho. then opens a secret door in the wall, and, bringing out tho gold confided to him by the dead count, gloats over his treasures. The conspirators the*; rush out upon him,' and tho. disused bells of the castlo toll as if to denounce him. Gaspard succumbs to the horror of the situa tion and becomes mad. In the last act tho marqnis finds out that he is in love with Germaine, and discovers that when on a visit to the village some time before she is the maiden ho rescued from drowning, and who in a fainting state he confided to the care of Cr.enichoux. The marquis makes Grenicheux confess that he had nothing to do with the rescuing of Germaino, who, overhearing tho confession, becomes aware that she owes her life to tho marquis. Gaspard, whom fright has rendered i;nbeeile, gradually recovers his senses to be ablo. to 'tell that Germaine was the child left to his care by the Count de Lucenay, her father, and that tho treasure is hers. Germaine inntries the Marquis, Grenicheux is united to Serpolette, and Gas pant is forgiven and all ends happily. The music is lively aud original, some of tho con certed numbers giving proof of a high degree of skill in composition. The overture is a work of considerable merit, and only requires to ba heard to be fully appreciated. The part of Gronioheux is played by Mr. Braoy. Hia chief numbers area charming melody, On BillowB Hocked, and I'll Ne'er Forget, a soug i withanexquisitewaltzrhythm, bothof which are effectively given. Miss Clara Thompson plays Serpolette with considerable archness and piquancy. Her acting when assuming the aii a of a fine lady was most amusing. The soup, That is what the Folks all Say, is a melodious number, well given by Miss Thompson. It is followed by a charming choru3 with a laughing finale and a quarrel scene a la Angot. I may be a Princees, and Cidor, Drink Divine, two pretty numbers, are effectively rendered by Miss Thomp son. Just look at This, Just look at That, is full of spirit, and is sane with good taste by Miss Thompson aud a chorus of Norman peasant girls, tho acting being in perfect keeping with tho musical coloring. Misa Lambert, a3 Germaine, has to sing tho Legend of tho Bells, but her best effort is Will You Come, a me lody full of pathetic sweetness. To Me no Stranger is fairly given by the MarquiB, Mr. Tcmpleton. The duet, TiB She, is marked by original piquancy, and ia effectually ren derod by Miss Lambert and Mr. Templeton. The Ghost trio, by Grenicheux, Sorpoletto and the Baillie, Mr. George Leopold, is full of fun. Mr. Wallace has made a hit in the part of Gaspard, bringing out as he does the characteristics of avarice, superstition and. fear with artistio skill. In the mad. scene he displays force and dra matic power. Mr. George Leopold as the Baillie is as usual most amusing. Tho ding dong ohorus is an excellent bit of con certed musio, and the finale to the first act is a capital one. Tho chorus following, Silent Heroes, in the second act, is replete with harmony, and the chorus whore Gaspard is discovered to be the ghost is of considerable merit, the effect being heightened by the good instrumentation and introduction of the ghostly bells. The concerted music is given in a manner that does credit to the choruses. Tho sceno of the Norman hiring fair ia full of lively action, and at the close of the second act an effec tive tableau iu formed by the ser vant girls, in piotureaque costume, fishermen and huntsmen gazing at the unfortunate Gaspard, whom the Bound of the castlo bells has bereft of reason. In the last act, an orchard, where applejgathering is going on, a graceful pas de deux is danced by Signora Emilia Pasta and Miss Florence Slater. The Instrumentation is throughout effective, and the orchestra, under the able conductor ship of Mr. Charles Van Ghele, performed their work witu credit to themselves and pleasure to the audience. At the Princess's Theatre, the romantic play of Faust and Marguerite has been pro. duced. It must not be imagined that the play embodies the conception of Goethe, or that it deals with the metaphysical aspect of the poem. Faust sells himself to the devil in order solely to taste the pleasures of youth. He is aucoessful in his love adventure with Mar guerite, and at the end of the play, in ac cordance with hia bund, becomes body and soul the property of Mopbistopheles. Mar guerite was played by Mrs. Tavares in a natural manner, her acting in the jewel scene being especially good. Although in some of the scenes she was scarcely subdued enough, her impersonation on the whole was a creditable one. Mr. Carey was Faust ; he enjoyed himself and made love in tbo most approved stage fashion, and proved at all events that Mephistopheles in relieving him oi tho buruen ot old age had given him all the boisterous vigor of youth. As far a3 cos tume went, Mr. Tav&res; was the Mephis tophelos de rigueur. He carried out the con ception that the tempter ought to be, in fact, tho polished, insinuating, worldly villain of everyday life with skill. Mr. S. Poole made Siobol a comio part, and Mrs. Woolridge as Martha was quite at home. In the comody The Day After the Wedding, Mr. TavareB, as Colonel Freelove, and Mrs. Tavares, as Lady Elizabeth, were successful, London Assurance has also been produced. Mr. Ta vareB made a spirited Lady Gay Spanker, never forgetting, amidst all her vivacity, that she was of a gentlewoman, Mr. Tavarea's Sir Haroourt Courtly ia a natural pieoo of acting marked by considerable skill. On Friday Mr. TavareB appeared as John Mild may, and Mra. Tavarea as Mrs. Stornhold, in Still Waters Run Deep. At St. George's Hall Professor and Madame Clara Baldwin are still, as they are pleasod to call it, exposing the fallacies of spiritual ism. At all events, Professor Baldwin givos a very good imitation of tho spirit ulato writing, and also shows how a medium whoso two hands aro supposed to bo tied by another person can inako ono hand do duty for two, and can uso the other for tho purpose of making spirit mauifoatation8, such as touching tho face and hair of tho person blindfoldod. As rogards the slate writing, Professor Baldwin bos thrown out a challenge to Dr. Slade, in which he defies that gentleman to produoe any writing for which he (Professor Baldwin) cannot account, or to produce any writing at all under certain conditions which ho will impose. It remains to bo aeon whether tho ohallengo will be taken up. . The third , subscription concert by tho Melbourne Philharmonic Society for tho current year was given iu tho Town Hall on Tuesday evening. Tho con cert began with Mayerbeer's Exhibition march, consisting of ft triumphal march, a roligious march and a quiok stop march, in troducing Rule Britannia. The march was well played by tho orchestra, and the chorus of voices in Rule Britannia vory effective. M-. C. E. Horaloy'a Cantata Euterpe, written for tho opening of the Town Hall during the mayoralty of Mr. S. Amess, was the next number.. The principal vocalists were Miss Bessie Pitts, soprano; Misa Christian, oontralto ; Mr. W. B. Dixon, tenor ; and Mr. S. Lamble, bass. Miss Pitta's best number was the recitative, Aud thus it is that music manifold. The lullaby, the Night Shades Gather, was given with good expression by Miss Christian, and in the difficult tenor solo, When the Twilight Glides, Mr. Dixon was fairly successful. In the recitative When Far From friends, and in the solo In tho Yellow Flame of Evening, Mr. Lamblo was heard to advantage. The choral work was excellent. Tho opening chorus, All Hail to Thee, was well sung, the charming transition which oocurs being ef fectively rendered. The choral recitative for men's voices, When on tho Battle Field, leading up to tho Triumphal March, was well rendered, but it would have been better had the voices been more numerous. Tho charming waltz chorus and the finalo were effectively given. The prchostra, which included the best talent to be got iu Melbourne, did their work efficiently. The overture, the orchestral intermezzo opening with a quartette of violins, and the triumphal march were rendered with great skill. The instrumental passages occurring botwoen vocal pauses in the soprano reci tative, giving a resume of Euterpe's power in couuection with life's .scenes, were marked by delicate prooision, Mr. David Lee officiated as conductor and Mr. George Peako presided at the organ. Tho last of Misa Ada Willett'a concerts took place in the Town Hall on Saturday last. The little pianisto played Woycke'a Forget Me Not and Thalborg's Lost Roso of ' ?JUUilUVl i UCi lUbllU VAvwUVlUU *'''; VUO ivl V hand in the lastuamed number 'being espe cially noticoable. For each number sho re ceived an oncore, and responded by playing the Harmonious blacksmith and the Lullaby, with great skill. Mies Christian sang Sul livan's Sometimea and Ruby with great feeling and expression, Mrs. iSmythe was successful in Smile and Bid Me (Live ; and in Maillard'a Waiting, Jtfon e ver and See How It Sparkles from .Grirofle-GiroOa wore well rendered by Miss Alice Wpoldridge. Mr. Elton Glover, a basso, recently arrived from England, made good ubo of -a well-trainod voice, and created a favorable impression. Mr. R. L. Skinner contributed ix- tho enter tainment of the evening by hia tenor soloa. Signor Ortori playod somo violin selections with hia usual good taste and happy execu tion. ? Tho Rev. Charles Clark's farewell lectures in Melbourne, which -will oommeuoe in the Town Hall on St. Andrew's iDay, will be given in combination with organ recitals by Mr. David Leo, the City organist. 