POLITICAL BIOGRAPHIES BY A "LITERARY HACK." No. 1.—THE LIMBER LUCAS. "And what is Lucas but a bag ? A great preposterous heap Whose fifteen minutes' speeches flag, And send the House to sleep ?" EDWIN AND ANGELINA. "The Bard of Chios used to sing Of Paris, Mars, and Hector ; My theme's a very different thing— A pompous paunch-projector, "Old Milton with a godlike voice Described the World's creation ; I mean to sketch in colours choice, A blooming ' bull of Bashan.' " CHARLES WESLEY. I am perched on a gumstump, with a good honest clay pipe in my mouth and a volume of Shelley at my side. The surrounding scenery is very striking ; but I cannot describe scenery My mood is the meditative one ; and I am far from being gay. The sad wonderful music of Adonais, the music of lines amongst the most glorious ever written, has entered into my soul ; and my sheep (two thousand "weaners" in all) are forgotten, I am thinking of the grand "inheritors of unfulfilled renown" with whom the subject of this paper must, alas I one day take his place. Wordsworth's "marvellous boy," "The sleepless soul that perished in his pride." rises before me like one of the melancholy dreamspirits of Ossian's poem. "Great poets in their misery dead"—the Otways, Blakes. David Grays, and Mangans of past generations— are all in my mind's eye. "Pard-like" sons of the morning, beautiful and swift and free, they went down into the darkness, chased out of society by scorn or the neglect which is emphatically the fiery crown of scorn. I am sorrow itself musing over the pathetic histories of disregarded genius. The question occurs to me—is the world at this date a careful mother of her su- preme sons ? A thought of that mansion back there in the Isle of Thanet suggests an answer in the affirmative ; but the vision of a frail Shelley-like form wandering ghost like amongst the woods of Canterbury dispels my faith, and I ejaculate bitterly— "No !" 'society is just as apathetic as ever it was. The blighting indiffer- ence which, brought Robert Burns down to the ganger's cask, has driven John Lucas—the child of Delphicus and Melpomene—into a colonial Legislative Assembly. I seem to see the melancholy John not only in the wild suburban forests, but also in another spot where he was wont to roam in former years, In my dreams he is pacing to and fro by the Government House gates. His pale Hellenic features are corrugated not by anger but extreme anxiety—the anxiety of a great bard waiting for the moment of inspira- tion. A Ministerial resignation has just taken place ; but the petty disturbances of the political world are of no moment to our divine visionary. He is dressed in his best, and is evidently watch- ing for Apollo, His attitude is that of a listener. Suddenly the sound of an approaching steed strikes upon his ear. The fine, though somewhat attenuated, face takes fire at the noise—the fire of a glad supreme beauty. Locks like those of Hyperion shine with the radiance of a Thessa- lian sunset ; and a Byronic collar shows its sharp pure white under the redundant poetic tresses. A gorgeous figure comes along, mounted on a richly caparisoned charger. "This," says the bard, "is Perseus on Pegasus with a message from the gods !" But alas ! he is nothing of the kind. He passes the suffering singer—a stiff and silent piece of formality. The prig is only an "orderly" from Government House carrying a letter to—Henry Parkes. The fragile subject of this sketch was born of proud, but consumptive parents, at Boaotia very many years ago. Hence he has been called a Greek—although it is a well-known fact that he did not invent either Greek fire or gunpowder. His father was, most likely, an exiled Athenian patriot ; but there are certain detractors who hint that he was only a well-fed pork butcher. I neither affirm nor deny the truth of the innuendo—my business is with the life of the son. That his "childhood days" were spent far away from the associations of the sty seems hardly borne out by the fact that his first essay in tragedy was_on the story of Atalanta and the Calydonian boar. Be this as it may, the ini- mical Ned Hill—himself a butcher of note—is responsible for the following anecdote of Lucas pére. The old gentleman—dressed in the ortho- dox porcine rig—was one day doing "long- beers" at an Arcadian "pub." Now, as "long beers" assist elocution, it is no wonder that Lucas grew talkative. Nor will it surprise the reader to hear that boasting of a pardonable character was interpolated into the conversation Lucas, senior, was naturally proud of the poetic powers of Lucas, junior ; and this is how he expressed himself—"Yer see, mates, the young 'um takes arter nothink in yer line, no how. He is a fust-rate pote, jist ez I air a slap-up hand with the knife. Lor, chaps, yer should see him potring—he jist can do it—that's all. Now, he hev his line ; and I mine. For level pints, I'll back him to pote against any cuss in the country. Ez to his ole dad, if there air a better pigsticker in these yere parts, I should like to see him." According to Ned, these were the words of papa. But then, you see, Ned is not to be trusted. From what I can gather, the early life of our bard was spent in the neighbourhood of that, classical stream, the Lodon. Wandering by its nymph-haunted banks— iving in dream- land with the dryads, hamadryads, and other divinities of Hellenic song—his soul drank deeply at the fountains of ancient poetry. His astonishing aptitude for learning—learning too of an occult character—made him sui generis even in this age of extraordinary boys. Long before nature had commenced the scaffolding for a pair of weak whiskers, the gentle John could have spoken with Ennius, and written with Tully. The archaic Latin of the one was as familiar to him as were the perfect phrases of the other. As to his other acquirements in the domains of the dead languages, they were immense. At the early age of fourteen he could speak Sanskrit like a Muller, and translate Arabic like a Farrar, His knowledge of Greek was of such an encyclo- poedian character that it included all the world knows of the anciant Aeolic idioms. Those stray breaths of Sapphic song which blew through Mitylene were to him what the verses of Burns are to an Ayrshire peasant—melodies as beautiful and as ordinary as are morning winds. Indeed, the accomplished Dr. Bad- ham, in referring to the exquisite scholarship of the youth, John, saya that "it confounded comparison." A Greek like the Sophocles of Landor, having grafted to his native learning that of the world's whole Illumbiati, stands at least head and shoulders over the compass of criticism. It may be assumed that the amazing erudition of our poet was not arrived at without excessive labour on his part, and that this labour made sad inroads affecting a naturally weak constitu- tion. A mere youth, springing from a con- sumptive stock, was hardly the shell for the habitation of a fiery divinity ; but the Powers that decide upon the human lot willed it so that the fragile boy had to bear the burden of Semele. It is no wonder that the body, whose soul was that of a flaming god, toasted down through the intense demands made upon it by this animating spirit. People nowadays wonder at the slight Will-o'-the-Wisp figure that glides shadow like through our Legislative halls. Some of them attribute its extraordinary emaciation to early fasting. I "set it down" to early study. As has been herein stated, the mild John furnished striking examples of his poetic genius before he had reached his teens. At the tender age of eight, when called upon to swallow a dose of castor oil, he improvised the following remarkable couplet : — "Good people, if yon wish to see A boy take physic look at me.' Now this, coming from a mere infant, was very surprising. In his thirteenth year he wrote his tragedy of "Meleager and the Calydonian Boar ;" and two years later he gave the world a fine drama called "Philectetes the Exile." This was followed by "Lucretius in Orcus" and many other noble structures in verse which ought to be in the Australian Library, but which are not. These rich additions to English literature cannot be quoted. They are like medireval statues, perfect only in their wholeness. When our distinguished dreamer had passed the borders which separate youth from man- hood, he was advised by his doctors to emigrate to Australia. He saw the force of the counsol, and the result was that he packed up his worldly possessions—i.e., his tragedies—and started for the country of gold. Of course, being a poet, he was not in funds—a fact which obliged him to take refuge in the coal-hole of an Orient liner. By this means he escaped from the drudgery of working his passage out. Shortly after his arrival in Sydney, he took up his quarters in a Camperdown attic, where he recommenced apostrophizing the Muses. But the Parcae who had woven the web of his destiny drove him abruptly out of his dream-land into the colonial Parliament. His has been a hard fate, but—to use his own words— "Zeus is immutable Master, and , these are walls the Immortals Build for our sighing ; and who may set lips at the gods and repine ?" Like all Greeks, he is a fatalist. He has been in our Legislative Assembly for some years now ; but it cannot be asserted that he is in his -element. Setting aside the fact that the feeble state of his body, coupled, with a morbidly sensitive temperament, unfits him for associa- tion with "roughs" like E. Deas Thom- son and William Bede Dalley, the delicate instincts of his eclectic scholarship rebel against his being brought into contact with coarse, loud-lunged Philistines. Moreover, he is too purely a dreamer to take a due interest in the practical issues of legislation. He is an enthusiast as regards the University ; and his efforts in its favour have certainly been very great. Indeed the wonder is that he is not its sitting Parliamentary member. For the great public works of the colony, such as railways, bridges, roads, &c;, he has never evinced the slightest concern—a circumstance which goes far to show his unsuitableness for a place in the House, A gentleman who has suggested the establishment of a Chair of Poetry in the Uni- versity of which Sir Deas Thomson is the Chancellor is hardly the politician for a country like New South Wales. Still, the erudite John has conferred immense benefits upon the Assembly. He has shed the pure influence of his scholarship over its members ; lifted the tone of its debates ; im- proved the syntax of its speeches ; and imparted precision and grace to its literary issues. Added to this, he has set the best of examples by his uncompromising war against nepotism. His detestation of this common political crime is too well known to call for exposition here. He is a married man, and has grown-up sons. Although he has had innumerable chances to get these yonng gentlemen into comfortable Crown billets he has rejected them all. Some of his boys are bullock driving ; others are shingle splitting; others are on the "wallaby track ;" but not one of them is in the Government service. All the foregoing goes to show the Brutus-like character of the father. In this age of clowns, liars, and charlatans, his presence is like white light. I have headed my conscientiously written article with a brace of metrical extracts. The utter absence of relationship between the terms of the doggerel and the inspired Lucas is only too obvious. I have quoted the verses merely to show the character of the weapons employed against John. Their want of point is beyond all doubt. In short, they are like arrows with- out heads—poor pitiful sticks that can never injure an accomplished scholar—a pure patriot— a stupendous poet, and an amazingly thin man. Au revoir. 