' Reyiews. ; ; ; ; MR. HENBY M. STANLEY'S NOTES. ' ' TO HIS SKETCHES; ; / (From tho .Speciol.Numbor of TheMlua- ) ; , trated London News.) ' nAULINQ OANOES .UP IN KISI.' , P ALXs' ) , , ; From )a - list, of: seventy-four ifnlls, oataraets, and rapids tvliiou-' wo -had ' to. encounter in our- long doseent of tho iLivingstbn'o to the Wostcrn'Occau it may ,well:bq imagined, that pome wero of: suoh q haturo .that: thoy , required .great study, jto discovorj.thb/ moans - to. / pass thorn; while othors, again, compolled us to adopt the only -plan. -loft— that of undergoing jtho onormons labor oE liauling the oanoes ,up' tho mountains; Ono of the latter was ilnkisi Falls; Inviting my friondly natives to my aid, we hdeklcd- fin. to tho 'two; largest bahops, whil'o tho weaker Wan' :' 'gu'ttuOi- out' a ioad tlirqugh the forest ' tlfqt oovbrod. tho slopo. At tnis partioular part tli'o. mpuntainB rose in a.) terrace) .with, a .steep faee, ,300 .foot, high, and .then, as- opuaed, by ainoro gradualslopo, 1200 foot to tb o summit oftho tablo-iann. Beforo we ; could be said to pass tho f nil wohad to drag : oar ennoosupto tho sammit of tho table- : land, 1600 foot aboyo tho river, then over thotablo hmd;..a; distance of ;threo miles, j and' down again to tho rivor, with a do- scent of 1500 foot. ' j J, TUB TOSS or. ". Ah, my friond Frank 1 Doyou ronliso the full import of tho decision I have to mako to-night P" I said to Francis Pooook, as ho camo in' to spond an ovoning with1 |mo atMyangwo. " Do you think that to exploro ' and ponotrato this mystio un known, with its cannabalism and ferooity and drood dongora, is un easy work P If it wero easy, why do-ijot these Arabs, with thoir largo foroo of slaves, push 'through and1 roap that immonso harvest ;of ivory which is rotting in tho wilds P If- it ivoro easy, why did not Livingstone, with his sublime contompt for death anil iardont wish to comploto his work, brave ithouaknownP Why did notCamoron- joagor, young, aud gallant, with his pro- tspects of promotion, ronrard, and weloomo, jand froo applauso of tho savavta boforo , him— attempt it with; his equipped forco jof forty-seven SnidersP It is a sorious question, my 'friend, -o toll the truth) I wa on flito to hegin it \ but W you sw suggest a strong reason to oxplorb other ! and loss dangorous paths I should like to | hoar it."- ' ' ' " Tosb up, sir," said ho; " Heads for tho rivor, and tails for Katanga and'tlio , South." , ; . "Try it, and lot us see what this rupeo ; will mako of it." ' - ' 1 The rupeo was tossod threo timos, and . each timo " tails" turned upward. "Tut, Frank, you did not tossupnght,) ; my son. Lot mo try." _ 1 i The first two out of threo again ; hut l did not Jiko it at aU, and consigned tho 1 rupee into the chest, as' a'Talsb conjuror;' > l"Wo then tried straws-Atho short straws ; /for tho South, ''tho long 'straws , for tho Rivor Lualaha— and again wo woro dis appointed, for Frank pcrsistod in drawing' out tho short straws, and in leaving tho ' loag straws in my hands. ' : : ; Wo fell to discussing tho'ehancos: of . succoss, and worked ourselves into a pas- j siooato dosiro boforo midnight for follow- , ing tho river by land first, until wo should reach somo tribos which coiild bo indneod' ; to-aoll ns somo canoes, and then to Ooat : Idown tho river, as wo imagined thcn;'hy forest aiid town) without oxortion or i troublo. But how different was the j keality to those pootical 1 conceptions ima- : illation had kindled and oar own'ardor iad eonjnrqd up 1 ' ' ll'SEUAZf RIVER iND SARIIOR. ; : I spent two days at this placo in com pany) with Livingstone in'1871, and when' rovi siting it in 1H7C it had an interest for mo of which I could not divest it. I could; ; point out every placo whero I had sat,' , and talked;. and wandorod witli him. , iWhilo timos had changed, and soiuo men , had. agad,1 and 'friends had died, hack . again on the shores of tho sluggish stream : I found myself thinking of tiio good old ' jnan whoso words were wisdom and in whoso suut thero was no guilq. ' A sad : stream to mo : its trees arb sud, its shores are doll; its trees partake of tho melon- i choly of tlicf placo : its hills bro peopled .with ghosts or miizimus, and there was neither man hor animal' ohebr ful'nbout it; (The ' spirit Kabogo'B ' dwelling- place' is ) closo by, on the summit of tho cTiffy vorgo .overlooking tho soimdlcss waters of tlib1 Groat Lake. 'About twenty. milos to' tho . south ore some banditti, who' aro always jboliovcd to'ho lurking 'not vofy far from . .tho dismal' haven;' to attack tuo unwary , morokaut boforo ho sots out aorbss tho , jlnko for tho brobd'hmds westward. ' The 'river is infosto'd' with great crocddiles)'fat 1 jwith' the inassaoro ' of- fishj and how and : -thon a huB hippopotamus wakes tho 'eohdes'of the- nill-'ciroled litiyon, 1 hud , istartlbs'tho: 'nerve's bf cthe superstitious 1 eahobmeu;: - .v- unio-V-fi ! This harbor is the nearest to Kabogo Foint; whence) after waiting &&"£ storm to; Bubside; we- sailed1 'aoross Bake Tan-' iganika to tho western shores of the lake, to-resum'e our exploration's,' which' ' enfibd only at- tho mouth !o£tiio Idvingstonb) oh! ' the Atlantio .Ocoah. : :;'- s'-;' -A. EISUNA WATRRFXhii; ' LAKB TANO-ANIEA.' ! The shores ofrLakeTanganika present much that is holdnihjbstio, and sublimb in natural seenery; Waterfalls are nume rous,1 tumbling down 'sheer 'descents of kook into , tho ;lako' itseff, or into deep) iwbody gbrgbii.' "This was tho .first. wator-'. 'fall that'nrrestod my attention as I bogdn; that long o'xploratibh of the cqastin 187(5, - from Uujii'pouudto/thS'qbutk end; aiid' jup' northward' albng' the' westorn'sliorofi) Until its rifoumhqvigation pras completod'. ' Tho Kitund;ik:h,' .smtdl strodm orUkqr iwendi | anda'sinoUnarrbiv inlotof theldko, !likb d river; brings you to whence it may bo sconrialling from a height of : 900 foot into a cleft which hourishos''a wonderful variety of trojiedl vegbtiitibn; The mouth of the gorge is ohoked with tall, straight, silvor- stommod' mviilb '; and t be spaoos I .betweon eaoh tree is browdbd' witli canot- robdsidhd grbon-ibaved hr'ushwObd. The1 vioinity is quito,d6sbrtbd"i .and, jf one has an oyo fbif m»tural;'beauties,'tho'lbngthy lino of water, white 'is' floss , Silk, losing itself, 'amid the ' depths of-' tho") green woodbd "gorgo) ' tKo ' stoop, precipitous mbuntain; 'walls; which almosf ' hem , in this doep gap) in a oamp Ukq' thb' pnb wq booupibd ; hero) he may qdinifd it at hia leisuro and impress its hedutibs ..oni his. mind," to. dosonbo- it. .to his . friqnds at: home, when 'distanbo. will pqint; it tstiU. jmbro.attraotively;,>i //;.: ri ' ' ""'ONE 1FOOT);IN, TnB'On'AVE'.:''',";") ': : ' : A " 'sfio trih , ifbpresbiitf ) b" map, , , pained. Zaidi, an bld faybrito pf youth' wHen,. hb_fbBpwed;mo , to ti,aii|-. covory of Livihgstbno .iu; in/ a. serious. position, Ho has been over<bald ;> and becauao "Dlodi, .tho skilful coxswain oftho Lady Alico.has boon ,able tb-tako: oanoes down ' to oainp'-dlong d/.bad-bit of ' river; be felt inclined to tryhis hapd;" andwin:aomo,'o£theWarm,praisbsIfi'o-' IqnbntlybbsfowbdiqttVUlbdiV'lJhrM.q and ids support 'in tho poiBbussiWdtibp |he' finds '.lumseR-swqmjA losing his prcs'encb of mind/Ko olung to ihis .dppod. ,110111 iMtruokj tho . rook amid-.' ships and sank/at. its baso. . ;Ono half i of , tho oanoo tilted np ; tho lower ond ho- camo jammed below among broken rooks ; < tho uppor ond as it camo to tho snrfaco cnahlod him to soouro firm footing lind to roflbot in a ' melancholy mood upon his providontiiil oscapb, ana, to' epntomplato with" slow-growing ihorror tho almost utter impossibility of -rosouo. Boforo night, after sbyorqlhoufsthard labor arid vopcatod offorts, ho was saved by a canoe, two men; Uiodi and.his youpgor brother, 'and two stoat cables. -It -was not until tho ovening of noxt. d»y, howovor, that woworo anlo to congratulato tho threo upon thoir - marvellous osoapo . from tlid cataracts. ' , ;.,1'". ' ''', '-',' ; " ARMS AND. AliTS .OF . AFRl'qA. .' In n 8kotoh arc roprosbntbd a fbw of tho weapons of tho dark : racos of Africa from Jho Wakerowo, on Lako Viotoria,. to tiio Wenya, on. piighty Livingstone Rivor; . nlao tho -great: drums which sounded tho oall to war of tho cannibals jalong nearly; 600 milos of tho banks of ' tho Livingstono)' ; : ' 7; - ; ' . " ; A-'vitilOB IN' BIST' XIANYESU. Shove A pattiflularfoaiUioBa forMw- yemn. The villago lifo is so absurdly simple,' so < extremely ) unsophisticated. ; Perhaps I havo a partiality for it because i Livingstono suffered so much in this ro- j ion, and.hecauso during hiB long illness lero the natives did their poor utmost j for his comfort, aiid perhaps -becauBO I knowthey are boing trampled upon by tho ; hard-hearted Arab- traders, who have wormed themselves into their confidonco,' ; and are destroying them from tho face of < tho earth.. Yot, despite tho bitto'r know-1 I ledgo thoy lipvo gained of the duplicity ; of tho strangors, despito- tho < frequent : mockorieB thoy havo exposed themselves ; to, the sight of a caravan is snro to send , ono-half of tho young men to bod think- I ing and dreaming of - the far-off lands ; whore all tho fino things they bring come from, and to causo them to finally offer | themselves, as porters, tho endofwhioh ; trustfulness is in many oasos their solo to j another strangor, who will chain, and . heat, and perhaps work thorn to death. - ' : \- Lifo outsido his -own neat villago and ' palmy groio — happy, innocent, idyllio : life— is so harsh that ho soon wondors . why ho loft it; Why would ho lcavo tho : bosky grovos, tho sweet, free glades and luxuriant v&Uoys; of his native land? : How camo ho to profor tho protracted journoy, tho bittor doily task of tho por ' tor, tbo duro lifo of tuo caravan, to his palm groves, with their yellow oil and sweet wine, to tho pldntain plantations, with their u listers of mellow fruit, to tho abuudaeco of odiblo roots his gardons ; produced, to the: ease, tho gaiety, .anil comfort of his frco homo P AU ! How?' ' Sitting in tho door of my hut and re garding tho villago lifo in East Manyoma, I havo often boon struck with tho truth ! of tho adage that " Ignorance is bliss." Here is the pompous old king, stalking about as. though ho owned -the wholo Dark .Continout, whorcas his sovereignty over ono hundred acres is but precarious. As ignorant as tho long-bodiod goat which staros so wondorly at my donkoy, ho will glido through lifo without a shook to Ms ncrvos, and in the lull belief that ho is tho proudest monaroli that over reared his Mather orest sunwards) "Liko king, like people." Tho grown males of the village,' filled with wine and plantain, . possessors of wives and -children ' and goats, with snug houses, caro for nothing except tho Jioar thoy aro acoustomod to gossip with tho king, thoir. hours of food mid'slcep, and tho .airival of a. caravan. Beyond that, tho old ontiquitios, Europe and Asia,, msy, battert thomspli'ea, qad. knock thoir. jbolligeront and unoaBy heads to; pieca a'.for, nAL t(io"yi,oarq ; noithor.is tho lHo tho ivompn load dull or drqary'itthoy) have to sow "the., globe, and ) ptaiit. tho. I generous plantqin, . to gather tho fuel npd cook the m'enl,. in; peaooful. -unconcern qf . ; oil' evil outside thoir own hippy,' careless ) \- ;i. ,1 - -, , .U-.. ../.;;'/. , /. ' ;THB QRAT. PATT1E, OB, /ilUWIMI : RiyBR. j ))Taerbpr6 onofmpus l;ircei. : on)., tho. Livingstono Rivor,moro o'spooially undorj itho., equator) 'and oufi';df .thbs'e) trees .the in'tttiyps) ofi.the.qanml.landaout'o'ut,' iwith; lnfinito labor 'and patibhee)' thoir war 'and'.)trado eahdes.'. Tho wor )cano6s are gonorally inado"vof tho took wood, . and. they vary' in size from '5d feet loiig ,bq 00, parvocl'but of'q ainglo'treo. , Tho boam is iA prbnor tiohTr ono of )60, feet lbngjiybuld; have rrom 2.,fbet.2)in6libs beam to feeti tliat of 00 fobfc would bo bctwoon 4 Und 5 feet wide))))' As may bpiinagmbd," one of thq 'Utter 'size would, parry a very largo forob of warriors) ' ; , 