THE MYSTEEIES OF CBIME; OB, r The Expebienges oe ait Edinetjegh Detective.—No. LXXV. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] HAUNTED, ; It may have been thought strange that in speaking of the " Haunted House " be-, yond Lovers' Loan, which now sheltered both the Ruffian and Jem Congo, I;did not allude to the story which gave it the evil reputation, nor pause to describe the peculiar form which the visitation was supposed to assume; but that I had a reason for nay silence will be clearly seen from the follow-; ing curious case. Singularly enough it now falls to me to give two ghost stories run ning, both interesting in themselves, and still more so from their intimate connection with the string of cases I have latterly been trying to link into something like the" order in which they occurred. A day or two after the escape of Simon Penbank from the cellar in the Happy Land —it must have been oil the loth of No vember, as will be seen presently—I was sitting by the tire in the sergeant's room, at the Office, when an elderly lady appeared^ and asked to see a detective, whom she named. The man being absent—across the water on particular business—I was intro duced to her in his stead, and luckily, too—: as the simple absence of this comrade was destiued to lead me into the very heart of a mystery I was anxious to fathom. • A* fidgety agitation about our visitor, and. theL palpable tremor in her voice, told me .at once that a crowded room was no place to hear her story to advantage; and beckon ing her .quietly to follow, 1 led the way. into a side room where I scrawled out the dim pencillings that now. lie. before me to: do . duty as notes, fler first words were, curious enough to make me stare at her with eyes widely opened. "lam afraid you will only laugh at' what I have now to say—and consider me. foolish, or superstitious, or worse than all,] positively daft," she said, smiling faintly,' and wiping away the trickling perspiration from her temples; " but I assure you I ; have only come here as a last resource, and' : not before thoroughly convincing myself of! the truth of what I have now to relate.! ; The gentleman at the desk in the other! \ room says you are accustomed to handle" delicate matters very successfully—now. ■ look me in the face and tell me what you think of me." Scarcely able to repress a smile, I did: look her in the face steadily and- search ingly. She appeared close. on sixty—her. eye was clear and sharp—and the whole expression of her rugged features indicative' of determination and masculine strength of will ' " I should say you were a lady by birth and education—unmarried—and accus-! tomed to think for yourself," I replied, rather uneasy as to my ability to put. the criticism mildly enough. * . . "Exactly. I am glad to hear you speak so frankly," she said; with an instantaneous unbending of-her hard features. "You" mean to hint that I am no beauty, but tliat . I am one not to be influenced by trifles ?" |jj Lbowed. ' . "Well, yoU have exactly hit my cha racter. I am not amiable—make no pre-' tensions to it—most persons, I suspect, Took' upon me as a detestable, crab-stick of ail, old maid—but mark me, the very worst! : never accused me of silliness®!" supersti tiori. Nov?; for the point in hand—I trust you' are ho Believer in ghosts ?". . ."Not in the ordinary sense," I slowly replied, after a moment's thought. " I do hot. believe it possible for the spirits of the dead to reappear and go through tangible actions; but I can conceive it possible for a person's health to be in such a state that they really. imagine they see the living representation of the defunct person before them, and that, too, apart from any ob servable delirium or insanity." " Exactly—that is just what I myself always believed till lately. I was no believer in ghosts—I even thought, as I do how, that not one-hundredth, part of the ghost stories written had ever any founda tion whatever hut in the brain of the authors—and yet I, with all my scepticism r—with' all my firmness and strength of will i~ain hauntedI"-"'' ' "Do you, mean by a gho3t, or by the recollection of some wrong ?" I said, with some interest. ... '■ '-The words were carelessly given, but, to ih^surprise, they appeared to strike home. The lady started at the words, then flushed j abd then;the whole expression of' her face softened and clouded as she sighed out— r i '"By both. I know not what prompted you to put the question, but it strangely happens that your surmise is right in the double sense, and the wrong and the ghost are so intimately connected that it is im possible to speak of them separately. My name is Miss Cflenroy. Some years" ago I came into possession of a deal of money, though even before that time I was living In independence; and, not liking the west, where I was brought up, I came through to Edinburgh and bought Oakwood Villa, out at the Lovers' Loau, which I entered about two years ago." "What—the 'Haunted House!"" 1 exclaimed, interrupting her. ' I have heard about that place." ■ „ "Yes,"hut it "was not haunted-tlien, •wao the' quiet reply, given a little sadly. f'The owner—one of your Edinburgh solicitors—had died, the place was adver tised for sale. I liked the house and the situation—a fine southern exposure—and i bought it. ' Now, to enable you to under stand what followed, I must tell you that ihe augmentation of my fortune which sent me to Edinburgh—and, indeed, caused the whole mischief — has a curious history attached to it. It came from my own uncle, a man only a few years older than myself. Now, though there was little intercourse between us, it was known to me that this uncle had what we called a' half-brother—that is. an ille gitimate—who .was only a few years younger than my uncle, but who, being his father's son, got leave to hang about the property—r-looking after it, living in' it, and enjoying a moderate income, which he was allowed annually to deduct from the rents. Here I will be candid with you—it was generally understood and believed that this illegitimate brother, Peter McArthur by name, was, .in the event of my .uncle dying first, to come heir to the whole property— I mean that there was a will to that effect drawn up by the father of both. However, no sooner was my uncle dead than this will was missed-—stolen, some said, though if such were' really the case I can solemnly lay my hand, on my heart and swear that I at least'knew nothing of the wrong. You •will easily guess what followed—my half tmcle, wliom from my infancy, _ though I had never once placed eyes on him, I had been taught to shun and despise the poor useless old man—had no legal right to ' remain—I was the only -heir at law; and in my heat, and greed hi wealth, I actually - had him hounded forth in the depth of winter after ^ determined process of ejectment at law, and with such bitterness that , when ha came to my house to implore mercy, ^ I actually refused to see him, and had him hurled forth by my servant." v She paused now, with her iitterance choked, her hand, pressed hard on her breast, and her cheeks pallid at the thought. I handed her a glass of water without a word, and then she resumed— \- "I almost shudder to "tell you what fol lowed.. .The poor man had walked thirty iniles to make tke appeal; he left stunned and -overwhelmed, and was . found in a dying "state upon the public highway. Tlley .took him to.an inn, where utter strangers showed bim the kindness and love wbicli'I had denied him, and where he: died, after bitterly accusing me of stealing; or conniving at the stealing of his father's -will, of hounding him forth from' the property, and of taking out a process, of law burrows against him when in his passion and indignation he had spoken rather threateningly and unguardedly to my lawyer as" to what he would do to me." " Had you then actually put the process of law'.huiTows in force—did you actually \- land him in prison?" I asked, with a horrified expression which I could not conceal. "*I did; and what is worse, it was the imprisonment that brought on his dying trouble, coupled with the exposure and anxiety of his journey to me, which he had taken tke moment he was hailed out by some sympathising acquaintances. You Can1 now understand my reason for leaving the West Coast and coming here. I had a beautiful place near Maybole •, but it lost every cbarm after the death of the poor old man. Some one thoughtlessly described to'me the . whole of the circumstances attending his death, and from that moment joy peace of mind whs gone," ' "I am glad to see that you do not look tb me for consolation' or sympathy," I emphatically remarked, as she again paused in-agitation,, 'j Tke whole course you seem to have pursued was cruel and unnatural." ' " You. are right, and understand my feel ipgS'-perfectly," she replied, without the slightest tinge of offended dignity. " It is not, "extenuation nor consolation I now seek;"it is," if possible, restitution and atonement- The. man I brought- to - death liad a daughter, unhappily married and a widow ; perhaps it may he possible to ferret Iier; out'from her obscurity and place what ought to have beeii her father s at her dis posal, and.thus atone for. the past. Perhaps that is the reason why I have ; been haunted?" ; " Will you be good enough to describe what you" saw to make you believe yoursbtf haunted ?" I- quietly suggested.' , ' - "I am now coming to that; and, under stand me, I was not iU at the time the thing occurred. . I took good care to con sult a medical man at once; and when the thing was repeated, and repeated, in spite of everv precaution in the way of locks and bars to "the doors of the house, I was at last reluctantly compelled to believe -wbat every sense in my being pronounced tan gible andreal. As soon as tliehousehad been furnished I came through,' and at once chose for my bedroom a spacious apartment lookingto the east, -which had evidently been used by the former occupant as a kind of private office. In one of the win dow recesses was fixed a . broad mahogany deslr, which, as it was not an encumbrance, and was a useful, article, I allowed to re main. Well, I entered the house in the month of March, and saw nothing to disturb me till the evening 'Of the 15th of May— the day for the drawing of my rents. Whether my mind had been running on this fact, and the knowledge that part of my wealth was ill gotten, I know not, but t felt restless and uneasy during the whole evening, and when I at last retired to rest it was only to toss about for hours the prey to stinging remorse. The night, I remember well, was clear and bright, and, my blinds being drawn up, I looked away over at'the hills bathed in moonlight, wondering -that' everything could be so peaceful while I was racked with cafe and grief. About 12 o'clock—now, do not smile, for I have since tried hard to prove that it was not, at the orthodox ghostly hour, but without success—about 12, I say, I was startled by a soft footfall on the lobby leading to my "bedroom. Yes, there was no doubt about it—there was distinctly audible a footfall—so it was a walking, not a gliding ghost. Thinking it might be one of the servants, I paid no heed to the sound till it approached the door of my room; Then a hand was gently laid on the brass knob—I could see it turned—the door opened, and an old man, white and bald headed with age, and attired in a suit of faded black, entered, and, without taking the slightest notice of me or my presence, reclosed the door, walked straight to the mahogany desk at the window, drew in a chair and sat down, and then, talcing a packet of papers from his pocket, he began to go through the motions of arranging them in a certain order. At first I had tried to scream, but somehow the sound died away in my throat, and, had he been a tbief or a murderer, I am sure lie could bare accomplished my death without me being able to raise a single cry of alarm. But, if bodily fear at first pos sessed my senses, it Very rapidly merged into supernatural horror as I came to discover the fact that the spectre was perfectly unconscious'of my presence and to listen to the dreadful whispers that issued in odd scraps from his rigid lips. At first I was too much frightened and astonished to take note of its words, but the moment I did so I was petrified. 'Another quarter-day come round,' it hoarsely whispered, with a vain search through the bundle of papers, as if one were amissing. 'The will, I think, was stolen—yes, but for a thing to be stolen there miist first be a thief.. A bill of ejectment— threats, quarrels, then sheriff officer and process of law burrows. Cruel hag, she will soon have my head in the grave. A cook—she calls herself a cook—and she persecutes my life out. Where is the grave deep enough to hold her ?' As the spectre whispered the words out he re tied the papers, started up, methodically replaced the chair he had been using, and glided outof the room in the same pensive and despondent way—passing close to the foot of my bed, but never once looking towards me, and carefully closing the door behind him." li A most extraordinary story," I said, drawing a long breath, for, in spite of my self, I had got deeply interested as she proceeded—a fact due in a great measure to her impressive delivery and undoubted faith in the truth of every detail she had laid before me; " but did you not investi gate—enquire—search into the mystery, to make 'sure you were neither- deceived nor the subject of some insidious plot or trick ?" • "I did—I made every possible enquiry and investigation, though thoroughly con vinced that I had really beheld the spirit of the old-man I had wronged; but the whole only made matters worse; by frightening my servants and making them unwilling to remain in my service. I had all the outer doors firmly seemed with extra locks and bars, and in the course of three months had almost learned to forget the visitation, or t to look upon it as only a kind of dream, ; when, punctually hs the quarter-day came round,. the spectre appeared again, went through the same melancholy and bitter re flections at the desk by the window, and, to my increased horror, remained as utterly oblivious of my presence as before. That was the point that struck me to' the heart. Had it oniy once looked me in the face (as ghosts are said to do), and said 'I have come to haunt you,' or ' I am the spirit of the man you wronged,' or any such words, I believe I could have laughed at the whole affair; but this utter indifference, aud the cold and deadly way in which the spirit accused me of being an old hag, without once appearing to • address me, chilled me to the heart; and this time I got out of bed t with a scream as it disappeared, and the door closed; but, as before, I only alarmed the servants, who, without' exception, ; packed up their things and left next day, i without the wages due to them—anything . to get out of the house. The next quarter : moved slowly away, and this time I in | duced an old woman to-sleep with me; but the spectre came, punctual to the hour, I and went through the same business as : before, while T lay so paralysed with terror as to be unable to rouse the com ' panion snoring at my side. After the third j time, however, I was afraid to riskmy reason, < and promptly left the house. It was adver itised to let or' sell; but the thing leaked I out, and the evil reputation has clung to it | till this day. It is still unlet; but, as for i the spectre, I have taken good care never | to see it or anything like it since, for [punctually as every quarter-day has.come | round, I have drugged myself with lau i danum, so as to ensure a sound sleep till ■ the morning of the next day." "It is a strange case altogether; but ; what"service can I render in the unravel ; ling of it now, when the thing is so long | past, and the house deserted and empty ?" , "I see what you mean," calmly replied [ my visitor., "You suspect that I have ! been made'the victim of a trick by some of f my servantsbut, to prove that such could ! not be - the case, I need only remind you i that the same.spectre, appeared the.seeond ; time, when every one; of-, the servants had : been replaced by a hew one." "Can you yourself suggest anything, [ then—is there anything.. you would, like idone in the matter?" I asked, a little im patiently. " There is. I -would like, just for once, to watch for the spectre—to have one or two courageous and • sceptical men at my side—yourself and a companion, for iustance —and then, if it really should appear, chal lenge it boldly, and ask if anything can he done to atone for the past." "Ah—vow I understand you," I broke in, with a pleased smile. " There is nothing easier, and.as there have been some queer stories brought in by the men 011 that beat regarding the very house you name, the task will be no infliction, but a pleasure." I rose as I spoke to intimate that I had got all the information I required; and then, after appointing eleven o'clock, as the hour of our meeting at the " Haunted House," I showed her out to the cab in waiting, and we parted. After mature deliberation I resolved to take with me McSweeny alone to assist in the investigation, though, as will presently be seen, the assistance he ultimately gave was of rather a left-handed order. We met about ten o'clock, and walked leisurely out by the Meadows through shimmering moonlight, which sent the long .grey shadows of the trees across the gras3 like giant vanguards of the ghosts we were to meet. McSweeny, I could see, was not greatly in love with the expedition, and persisted in talking in hushed, reverent tones, as became a man who might at any moment be dragged beyond the pale by one of the spirits we were about to face. Then he saw sprits in everything—trees, hedges, gnarled stumps, streaks of moon shine, and shadowy cottages and villas—all were endued with a weird and uncanny life to McSweeny—and when we stood before the desolate and dark building itself, the truth at length burst from his lips— " Faith, Jamie, I wish I was at home in me bed. Who ever got anything by hunt ing ghosts P—an' why do they set us to the job P Sure it's thaves we're paid to ketch —not ghosts." "Well, isn't this ghost a thief?" I banteringly returned, without the faintest idea that a germ of truth lay in my words. "Doesn't it cause the property to become uninhabitable, and so run off with a tidy sum annually ?" " True for you," he replied, with a per ceptible shiver, " but p'r'aps the poor spirit has a reason for it." " There you're right—there's a reason in everything," I shortly returned," and that is precisely what we are here to find out." The stopping of a cab aiyay up the road put an end to our profitless discussion. One person, a lady, issued from it, the cabman resumed his place on the box and drove off, and a minute later Miss Glenroy stood before us, grim and firm in her whole demeanor, and quite- a contrast to the quaking comrade at my side. After a polite salutation and tender of thanks for our punctuality, she produced a heavy bunch of keys and opened the front gate, every creak from the rusty lock, I could observe, running through McSweeny like a death-knell. Through the spiky and un trimmed hedges towards the front door we went without a word—McSweeny giving out a slight roar of fear when one of the thorns caught and tugged his sleeve—and then with a fight we got the key turned in the lock and entered the house. Reader, did you ever enter an empty house to search for a ghost P I never did till then; and coolly as I can speak and think about it now, I must say ■ that an eeriness and hushed feeling crept over me that nothing could quite dispel. The house was only partly furnished,' most of the things having been removed to. the owner's new i abode, and the clamp, clamping of our heavy feet over the bare floors of the rooms raised echoes that would have only sounded appropriate in some deep, vaulted sepulchre. After a short consultation it was decided to conceal McSweeny outside the building, in order to give us warning of the approach of any intruder. How he exe ; cuted the task will soon be seen. Then, under the guidance of Miss Glenroy, I made a tour over nearly all the - rooms. There was no gas obtainable, but a dark lantern served us in its stead. Nothing un ' usual caught my eye till we came to examine i the kitchen, where I made a discovery suf ficiently startling, but which seemed j only destined to make the mystery more j incomprehensible. In glancing carelessly I round the empty place my eye fell on a bundle wrapped in a red cotton handker chief, and lying on the shelf under the great dresser, and so odd-like did the thing I appear that I at once blurted out— "What's that?" My'conductor only stared; and, keeping the glare of the lantern steadily upon the strange object, I pounced upon it and opened it up—when there lay revealed a small, neat, dark lantern, two very fine morticing saws, a jemmy, seven files, and a bunch of skeleton keys. We both stared at the queer collection, and I believe it would have been difficult to say which of our faces exhibited the greater wonderment or surprise. " Where on earth has this nice lot come from?" I exclaimed; "and where is the owner ? There must have. been thieves in the house—lately, too, for the tools are bright and clean, which they could not long remain, so near a stone floor in a damp kitchen." " Thieves may have visited the house," was the . rather amazed reply; " but they could get nothing, unless they chose to carry off very heavy articles of furniture, which does not appear to .be the case." I stared again at the bundle and its con tents, but, as that elicited nothing, I was forced at last to say— "Well, I think I will take possession of these ; they may prove a clue to the unra velment of the ghost mystery." My companion smiled sadly and shook her head. "I understand you, but I know you are mistaken," she said; "and, to prove that the ghost could have no connection with the owner of these things, I may tell you that, to the best of my knowledge, the bundle was not there when I last went over the house before finally locking it up." " What does that door lead to ?" pointing to a closed door leading from the kitchen. "Nothing; it is only a dark closet or pantry. .• You can go in; it is not locked." "It is locked," I said, after trying it in every way. :" Have you the key ?" • " There is no key for it," she simply : replied. " It was never locked, that 1 can j can remember. I think the lock must have ; sprungsomehow with disuse. But you j positively need not trouble yourself about lit; there"is. nothing in itr—scarcely ever was. I believe it was used for holding , tubs or broken lumber." - . "Now, as I sit here writing and transcri bing what took place, I know that if I had only had the sense to use the bunch of skeleton keys 011 that closet door I would have discovered unmistakable traces of the Ruffian's presence, as well as that of Jem Congo ,* but I was simple and unsuspicious and readily led away by my companion. I thought I had got at the secret of the haunting business, which I certainly had not. How it came that I did not stumble on either the Ruffian or Congo in person will appear in the next sketch. Indeed, had they not been engaged elsewhere I might have believed that in col laring them I had laid the whole thing bare. This ended our exploration, and taking the bundle with me, and my own lantern in my hand, we ascended to the room which had formerly served Miss Glenroy as a sleeping apartment—though now it contained nothing but the empty bedstead and the mahogany desk before, mentioned. Here I accommodated the lady to the best of my ability with a seat on the edge of the bedstead, and then, turning down the shade of the lantern, I proceeded to pace the room backwards and. forwards with unceasing regularity in wait for the won derful ghost. I speak thus because I had not the slightest expectation of being disturbed. I had formed a theory of my own 011 the matter, and though it was obviously full of flaws, I stuck to it firmly. • J udge, then, of my surprise when in the midst of admiring the distant hills, clad in the mellow bright ness of the moonlight, I was startled by a gurgling cry of terror from below the window where I had planted McSweeny. I was at the window and peering- down in his direction in an initant, and then I saw the miserable coward down on his knees, with his hat off and his hair almost standing on end as he gazed with protruding eyes at the door of a scullery or wash-house built out from that end of the house. The door appeared to have been opened in some magic way— and some one, a man I thought, just entered; and while McSweeny's stuttering "O-oo-oo-oh!" fell on the still air, I was not a little astonished to see the door gently close from within, and then to hear it locked 011 the inside. " Somebody's coming," I hoarsely whis pered, with considerable excitement, to my trembling companion; aud then as I looked down once more, McSweeny, freed from the bonds of terror, sprang to his feet, dashed from the spot—over railings and hedges with the agility of a monkey—ana vanished like a flash. " And somebody's gone," I added, smiling, in spite of myself, at the frantic retreat. " Don't faint, I beg of you," I said hur riedly, as I saw my companion press her hand on her breast, and then heard a moan of pain or terror escape her lips. " There is some one below, but the sound is human, not ghostly." " ±>o not fear—I cannot faint when it is near," she said, with a strange anguish con vulsing her face. " Hush! do you not hear that?" and she raised her hand to stop my reply- . . Slowly and distinctly came the sounds of footsteps crossing the house below—then a faint muttering as of a man talking softly to himself—then a-pat, pattering of feet ascending the stair towards the room in which we now stood in breathless sus pense. " Shall we hide ?" I whispered; but an imperative and expressive shake of the head from my companion seemed to say—" It i3 not necessary, it will not' see us," Before the answer was given the door of the spacious room was opened, letting in a stream of clear moonlight from the wide lobby which, being lighted from above, was much better illuminated than the room itself, and then my heart almost stood still as I saw an old man glide in—staring straight before him, and heedless of our presence—softly and methodically close the door behind him, and walk straight to the desk fixed in the recess of the window. Though apparently quite unconscious of our presence, the ghost appeared to know that the room did not now boast of a chair, for he made no attempt to find a seat. For a moment he stood fumbling in the breast pocket of his coat, as if for papers; then, finding none, he impatiently raised the lid of the desk.' Finding it also empty, he paused. " Another quarter day," he slowly mut tered, in rather a wearied tone. " How soon the time goes, and the work always far behind. What would he do without old John Lamond? and that will, how it bothers me. It was stolen, stolen—I've settled that in my mind long ago. Poor man, he has no case—I must tell him so. Bill of of ejectment—threats, quarrels, pro cess of law burrows—prison—sad case, sad case. Friendship goes far with me, but it is powerless—I cannot help him." As he spoke he turned slightly round, as if about to leave the room, and then for the first time I got a clear look at the face. The expression was troubled and pensive, the eyes wide open and having a ghastly deadness about their stare—and the lips drawn in over almost toothless gums; but what now struck me most was that the features seemed quite familiar to me, though for a momeut or two I could not remember where or how they had come under my notice. As for my companion, with a piercing cry she had sunk on her knees to the floor, where she now .lay grovelling; and, seeing the ghost moving from the room as formally and quietly as it had entered, I-made a desperate spring forward and laid my hand forcibly on the arm. It did hot vanish in thin air—as ghosts, are said to do—nor did I find my fingers meet with nothing between. • What I . grasped was an arm—firm and human-like —and clad in a rusty black coat. The : sudden grasp, with my loud shout, caused : the ghost to stagger and totter as if about to drop to the ground; and then, turning ! up the shade of my lantern, I found that. I i had had the misfortune to wake—a som i nambulist! It was an old man, whom I : now recognised as the trusted clerk and , familiar factotum of Mr. Biggar, S.S.C.,: the former occupant of the house,, and ' whom I had often seen attending" his : master about the Courts. After the death of his master, he being . old and frail, had been pensioned off by \- the widow before she left for London, and ;had rented a little house in Buccleuck ! street. It was now evident to me that in : imagination he had gone back to his old i employment, and, being in possession of a i key to the back door, had visited the house once a quarter, precisely as lie had been accustomed to do during his master's life— with this difference, however, that he had upon the latter occasions been all the time wrapped in slumber, and under the impres sion that he was only dreaming what was actually taldng place. All this came to me like a flash, but I had no time to follow the thought out, for the poor old man was sobbing and quivering in an hysterical fit, which I began to fear would never leave him. He had frightened lis, but I am bound to say our fear was nothing to that which he himself now manifested, and the imploring and fearful glance up in my face was enough to banish the lightest words of enquiry from my lips. "Oh, God! where am IP" he gurgled; and at last, when, by the joint efforts of my companion and myself, he had been brought round, he cried, " What did you bring me here for, and what have I done ?" The questions were easier put than answered, so as to be intelligible to him, for his intellect at the best was rather clouded; but, soothing him in the best way possible, we got him out of the house, and. soon after hailed a passing cab and had him conveyed safely to his home. After a week's illness, arising from the shock to his nerves caused by the sudden awakening by me, the eccentric old clerk was able to see me, and then I got a clue to his disjointed talk which had so ap palled the remorse-stricken lady whom he had " haunted." Peter McArthur, the man whom she had wronged, it seemed had been the old clerk's friend from boyhood, and, not beiiig able to pay for or employ a lawyer, on the case going against him he had repeatedly written through to his old friend describing the case, and getting such advice as old J ohn Lamont and his friendly master could supply. " The old hag," however, to whom he had occasionally made allusion, I may say, was not Miss Glenroy, but an old cook who had been in Mr. Biggar's employ, and to whom the old clerk had borne a most un swerving hatred and antipathy. Thus the whole thing was effectually cleared up, and Miss Glenroy's mind set at rest; for the clerk's usefulness did not end ! with the explanation. He ferreted .out with wonderful skill the daughter of the man she had wronged; restitution was made; and, instead of being an old inaid shunned for her eccentricities—living in solitude and served only for her money—■ Miss Glenroy became the head of the re covered family of the poor widow; and thus I may set my ghost down as the least mischievous and malicious that was ever written about. But was I satisfied ? Most certainly not, The whole of this did not account for the bundle of thieves' tools found in the house. I was so puzzled and determined to have the story brought out my way that I reso lutely disputed every inch as the details were unveiled by the strange sleepwalker; and even when the whole was clearly established, I still doubted. That the mystery was not to remain long unsolved will be seen from the following sketch. I To be continued.) 