) OUR. AMATEUR , THEATRICALS AT,.J i ) ' - BOOLONU. " i- I Me jests at soars who neoev felt a woimil — Rojieo. i / : One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, / was when he made his first and only appearance .-is |an l \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment .at;|his V own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was born to be an actor— to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it ' 'was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar dehut. On finding the Melbourne and Sj-dney managers unwilling to give a perfect, novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, be resolved to " take the bull by the horns" and get up a' company of his cvn down ' at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense i in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having , scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the thing well and in tip-top style. Ha " got togetherTa kind of scratch company, many oO them likC ihimselE, raw am- ' bitio'us - amateurs, eager "to fret their hour. upon, the ' stage,"; and one or two saely outcasts of the pi-ofe8s'on| ; I and he looked forward to the pro luctlon of his pet play, I " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, wLlh much excitement, not.unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' morithr's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their , words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of thetn forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ' iutpxicaLed, and the Kbig likewise ; OpheliOi, an amateur, , burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who I assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this I was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills came in the expense was twice as large: as he had expected, I and he could not meet them. " The fellows," be used to say, " allowed me to have whatever Iwaiitc'don credit, because they knew, that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a.strict Method ist, lyould-pay them, 'but I knevv yefyl well he would do no such thing when he found they were - for theatrical trap pings, for if there was one thing he held in abhorrence it was the theatre;" WhatAyas he to -do?"' NiP uncle would disinherit him, turn him out of the hdcae he had furnished for him; and send him adrift on the world. 'What was ho to do ? His creditors would iiot wait and he would be a miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose bis bouse, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his name, thanks to the timely aid of one who is a friend to the drama as well as totherest of the world, who advanced, him the needful. Need we say his name. No ; all know him! But we may as well remark it was thh chami) ion of the distressed, ' i DAVID' HENRY, cif 52 Collinstreet east; Who has from £5 to £10,000- to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (svith or, .\yithout security),- f salary :;orders, fife policies, certificates,' deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, 'on' expected, remittaiices, or. on .moneys per sons may be entitled to frOm" England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit .the convenience, of borrowers., I . Bills discounted daily at the lowest "rate of interest, and . mortgages "from 6 per cent. 