LAND 1OF0RM. I I ' TO THU EDiTon oj uti nsiuu>: ? I BIP.,-A great deal i» being written nowa-Cari oiim above «ubject, with tho view of placing au tadustrieatau of yeomanry upon tho land of ibo colony, but aa'yet I fla to eco any. schema set forth that would bring abott iii, desirod object. Is it because tho advocates forrtfonsui ignorant of th« ; real want» ol the country, ot IV they afraid to broach . th» main question, ¡natl» to leducu the price for homestead settlement«, andiatiui the »rea in tho salt bush country, which esmaria tor most important land of Now Smith Wale» for a¡¡¡f , purposes ? I think it will bo admitted by nil who havo tri nv Îicricnco that tho mlt- busb, country roquires rpeeislteú. ¡ition to enable an industrious class of yeomanry to ttbibi placo of squatting, so that grazing ou a smaller salt sui tc combined with farming. . To do thia, lund for homestead settlements Ac/all lt ' reduced to h*. nev »ere, and tho area increased to tiro Uns* »and acres, with annual payments, to entend over » peil of twenty years, (ind no tran»f or ollowud during thu ptrlot No restrictions except bona-lilo occupation. Ibis winldU tho means of largely 'increasing thu productive latessUrl tho colony, viz., wool, mutton, beef, (ind t»Uo*,-.*»¿ »lone run extricate tho colony from the niter rain it ll '««''? drifting to under tho present »vatern of sjoUadoa. . Under a judictous svstoni of homesteadwiÜ»meirt,iinSsi to this pointed out, wii should very soon have'our jnii nun of mo'dorato capital residing.upon th» kid ol iii colony, and bocotninjr. large producers ot ftxportoru'cla,ij. «lead of aiming, as they now ure, nt following Ihtcajp. linn of kenping public- houses, und disposing of iapeitsj »pirituous liquorB that aro a curso to tho country. . j Tho importance ot inducing our rising gracrttfai lt I bocomo producers of tho soil must have n btjncDûalcSsd I upon trnilo and commerce, and to do this Ibo luud out li placed within their reach, and in sutlicicnt quantity tooth I a living. It will bo said, why reduce tho price of Luä.u(j| owners of squatting runs and capitalists would b» willingjg ' pav £1 por acre for nil their holding»? Yoi, hut Ibir'iill ; not placo the desired populatiun of yeomanry upon'tis haï, who will produco moro hy certain and smaller, holiinej; or .it mav be argued, by carrying out the'atowsltai wo should very soon havo all our Chown lands taken tip is] no land left for fntnie generations. Myoniwtothliii, the sooner tho bettor: (or if land in fe« simple is jpartsdat all from tho Crown, Ino present genotatioa »rn bestcttliW lo havo it; or, in case of Invueson, aro we to shed ra I dearest blood Bghtingfor land wo bsvo no doini to,'(ot) I .in,T ta futui-o concretions, whoever Ibov rcrsfe. I xours, Sc., SALT BUSK' CoMPLfAfBNTAHY BENEFIT TO MH. 8A1TBÏL I -On Monday evening, next a compUmeauryl is to bo given to tho enterprising Iessseof tie Tl ltoyal, Mr. Samuel Lasar. This gfMiemsn ha the theatre in hÏB hands since it na« built, end« that time < has entertained his patton* with ? every species ot the drama-tragedy, comedy, i &c.; And tho very successful and satisfactory w .which he has done this will no doubt icceivé bea recognition from a bumper house'on thVoraaii I hia benefit. Sheridan's comedy .of "The Wi i will ba presented, Mr. Lazar himself takinz tin of Sir Anthony Absolute. . 7 Ajftj»s>rsNT8.-At the Victoria Theatre last's Xeçoq's chef d'ouvre, " La Fille de Matase Am was repeated to a house well filled inslltheimi priced portions,-and fairly attended: ia the'i circle. Clairette, the child of the nuisit, ii aidered Miss Clara Thompson's best imposons and last night she fully equalled expiitsuoni ind repeatedly applauded, GeneraUv »peakia&thee; characters Were well supported.' Trdi'etfniBg'1 Brigands" will be produced, for.the iftttiBi Sydney. At the Theatre Royal, snoltprrnr-i* tion of "Across the Continent" mt'jhk, audience being fairly largo and mbd^Jy ijprei tire. There is no change announce ll W ,p gramme for this evening. Mr. StewartMd Ml (KW plished family gave another ol. their (**|UÍBbi Revels" entertainments at the'SchMlofi- tJTwlii was crowded to overflowing. The aufiacsuuiraj but ' appeared to thoroughly enjoy ûéptrtormii which is unquestionablv a very planar ene. 'X evening " If, or an Old" Gem rwet,.'«Echhu bl specially written for them by Mrr (Janet Walli,t be presented: The " Ghost/' exMbinoh werfe» the last time, at the Guild Hall yesWrdsy iTtninf. BASE BAU..-This afternoon a asaph st bu» I will take place on the Association'grasad. The* are-Bennett, Cape, Coates, Edmonds, HM Kelly, Moir, Oliver, and Walford; arlin* Cir* Cohen, E. Gregory, Gibson, jun., £. Goddard, Pet Powell, Toohey, and ToCher. CONCERT.-Yesterday evening, a vocal and instru mental concert was given in the Christ Church schoolroom, in aid of the funds of the Christ Church Parochial Association. There was a good audience. The Rev. Mr. Garnsey having spoken a few words in reference to the object of the concert, and the benefit to be derived from such gatherings, the programme of music was proceeded with. The first part of the entertainment consisted of sacred selections, and the second of music of a secular character ; and the lady and gentlemen who took part afforded an evening's thorough enjoyment to their audience, and they were heartily thanked by the Rev. Mr. Garnsey for their services. Mr. W. Stanley was the accompanist. MASONIC LODOS Hxvtsna'.- A correipóndnít Sorts that a meeting of the loyal memben ci tl laaonic Lodge, Sydney Tarbolton, 377, 'Se* Constitution, took place on Wednesdayneaten 1» (under dispensation), in the Lodge of,St.Ante; 3S8, to present a petition to tho Provincial Ona Master, Dr. W. G. Sedgwick, to reitoro thc chuté to enable the lodge to continuo its work under tl bld:r the Deputy P. G. M. (Br. H. E. Vaugban).tooktl chair, and the petition, which was signed by twtttj five members, was read and presented for accrpttw The Ii. W. Deputy Master had great pleasure i acceding to' thc terms of the petition, briefly «Ulis, the cause of thc charier being recalled. The ebartc was' then placed in the custody of the K W. Mató rind the usual business was proceeded with. AT« of thanks was accorded-to W. Dr. Higrtrim m tho members .of 358 S. C. for tho kind sssiltaM given, arid their, attendance on this important oca . sion, and the lodge closed with assurances ef snpfW from all present.- - SnirriNo op TUT) PAST WEES.-The following sw thc arrivals from foreign ports during the pail wt« -Woollahra,'barque,-from London; Katoomba (I.) from.Glasgow ; John Penn (s.), from Tathra ¡ Hw* nnisanco, barque, from Samoa ; George Njue schooner, from Timaru; .Loch Lee, schooner, frc? Noumea; Somerset (s.), from Singapore. Tbëdewt' tures for foreign ports were- Kosciusko, shift J London ; Estelle, schooner, for Port Darwin; ** 8\. S. City of Sydney, (s.), for San Franciieo. 1« intercolonial passenger traffio was si MI'MiT Arrivals, from Melbourne, 245 ; departure!,' to M* bourne; 220. Arrivals, from Brisbane, 180 ;' «po- tares, to Brisbane, 130. . ....?{:' ¡.I '. MELAÍÍCH'OIY EVENT.-While H. M. 8. Stäb»'«* engaged surveying, &c;, among the islands inj« north, asad and fatal accident happened. ; It.PP*' . that a party of the mea had obtained leave.to «o W ing, and had landed on one of the islandi tot, vs» purpose, when one of thè party, a young M^í*?** named George Anderson, slipped off the oanx .iw the water, and before any one could reach hjg AJÎ strong current had carried him down, and he flid.nw rise' again. Every effort was made to recover uti body, hut up to the 6th instant it had not been IOM»; He was a native of England, and about eighteenTean of age, and was a general favourite in the S«PPA?<£ which vessel he had beeu only a few months, nep» perly belonging to the Wolverene. COURTHOUSE AT TASS.-Three member;i of to Ministn-the Hon. J. S. Farnell, Pwroter.-HcJi.-* Fitzpatrick, Colonial Secretary ; and Hon. J. bum« land, Mlnister for Works-left for Yass by last *r« ing's train, in order to lav tho ioundatlon-itono oi w new Courthouse there, to-day. The members ot w Government willprobably return to townoaMoawy Tua MusEtw.-The number of .visitón tor» Museum last Sunday was not so great sf <»> P"fS Sundavs,owing no dotibt.tetbe t*ct.$?}a&úit of tho. novelty has worn off, butstdUneaten* was fairly large, attaining thc total of altogether surpassing tho avers» weexoay as»» ance. . . -.- . . '. i-:,.'.-:: ''??: - ' 