CASTLE DALY 1 THE STORY OF AN IRISH HOME THIRTY YEARS AGO. (By tho Author of -' Oldbury,' §c.) CHAPTER VII. [Continued.) A CHANGE came over the boy's face as if new life had been put into him. ? Then maybe after all I will live — if Miss O'Flaherty says so. Maybe I will.' 'Yes, I do say so— only keep up your heart till I see you again. And now good bye. jLVXIS. Ajuiy aiiyycu. uci iiiui vvibm.ii. ascu brother's arm, and came close to him during Goodie Malachy'a harangue j, and now she drew the shawl she wore closer round her and shivered a little, ? Let us c;o back into the house, it is cold ' here even in the sunshine. How glad I am we are leaving the couutry so soon. I am not in the least superstitious, fortunately ; but I don't think I should ever have got that horrid old woman's threatening face out of my mind if we stayed here. S£* It's the stupid ingratitude of it that pro vokes me,' muttered Sir Charles. 5 Ingrati tude is the- one thing I can't put up with ; one meets only too much of it among the poorer class in England, I'll allow, but here it seems to be the rule that if you take particular pains to benefit a person, he hates and abuses you in proportion. And they call themselves a good-hearted people. That's what 1 don't understand.' ' Is anyone eves grateful for being benefited against his will ?' asked Anne. ' But while they are such ignorant savages as that old hag who cursed us just now, against their will is the only possible way of benefiting them.' ' Then you must look out for some other kind of reward than gratitude. ' Anne turned to Mrs Daly. i You are really leaving the neighbourhood in a week's time, and the dear old house will be shut up V ' Not altogether. A connection of Sir Charles Pelham's, who is going to act as Mr. Daly's agent, will occupy part of the house. It is a very good arrangement, and enables us to get away sooner than we otherwise should. Mr. Daly cannot bear to linger over a parting ; iand I confess I am in haste to be gone, for I don't think the place suits my eldest son. I have always hitherto denied myself the pleasure of having him with me on that account, and now we all feel it is time he took his place in the family. You have not seen him yet, have you? lie is out just £now with Mr. Daly and Connor ; but of course you have come to spend the day.' ? If the invitation had been twice so un-- graciously given, Anne must have accepted it. She felt she must have one more day to add to the many long days spent in that house, which, glanced back upon, seemed to be stepping-stones in her monotonous stream of life- — marking all its chief interests and pleasures. As she sat making company conversation with Mrs. Daly in the drawing room, or walked about the gardens with Sir Charles trying to listen to his stream of talk, she could not help recollections of past times rising one by one before her. The days when she used to ride over on her pony by her father's aide — a proud little maiden of seven or eight— to spend holiday or birthday in playing with the two young cousins, with whom she enjoyed the nearest approach to brother and sister companionship she knew ; the days she sat on the lawn with Dermot's lesson-books in her lap, and Dermot himself lolling on the grass at her feet, trying, with all the foi'ce of her will, to keep his erratic thoughts chained to his work for five minutes together, and feeling a little sore at heart all the time from a sense of the unpopular part her conscience obliged her to play. The day when they were fishing in a boat together on the lake, and he confided to her some school boy scrape he had got into, and she per* suaded him to confess it to his father ; and they went back to the house together, to the very threshold of old Mr. Daly's study door hand in hand. The day when Dermot out of perversity would make his horse take a desperate leap over a mountain torrent, and she had been startled by the pain she felt during the moment of suspense as to his safety, into taking herself to task about her feelings towards him for the first time. The summer day when light hearted, winning Ellen Daly, the elder, pacing the flowery garden walks with her, told her the story of her love for the man who had broken her heart afterwards. The day, a year after Ellen's ill-fated marriage, when Dermot, in a fit of despair and disgust [! with himself, had asked her to be his wife ; i and ahe, painfully weighing every word, Iiad I B3©n definitely how much and how little of j love there was in the asking. The day of old | Mr. Daly's death, when she had seen ; Dermot unhappy for the first time, and had ] half repented the decision she knew was so 1 i?ise. The days when she had worked hard i alone to beautify Dermot's house for the arrival of his English bride. The day when Dermot had come down bo meet her in the hall vfith. his baby heir in his arms, Sweet days— -painful days— days marked by some pin^prick of a hard saying in them, days coloured with the soberer light of advancing middle-age, when the wounds given in the vivid days of youth were gradually being healed, and new interests and relationships were growing up ; till such a day as this was reached when she could walk up and down the old paths philosophizing on her past feelings, and fiuding in the present that her strongest affections and interests centred round the young generation. Old and new times seemed bcwilderiugly mixed up together as the day went on, and she found herself seized upon just as she used to be in long past days, for private con ference wifch one and another member of the family. Even Mrs. Daly, who had never condescended to so much intimacy before, held her back with a hand on her arm for a minute or two in the drawing-rooin, when the rest of the party went out for a walk, to pay-— 'If they apeak to you on the subject, I hope you will say what you can to reconcile Ellen and Connor to the change we are making. You have great influence with Ellen ; I wish you would make her see that her discontent is very distross to her father—I oay nothing about myself.' 1 But you should,' cried Anne ; ' nothing would be better for Ellen than to have such a motive as sparing you put before her, to help her to control her feelings.' ' It is not my way to speak about myself, Mrs. Daly answered ; ' I suppose I should get more consideration if I claimed it, but I cannot speak of my own feelings.' ' Not even to her own daughter. What a strange thing that morbid reserve is,' thought Anne, as Ellen, whojjwas waiting outside the door, seized the arm Mrs. Daly relinquished, and dragged her out into the garden. ' Now, let U3 go up to poor Aunt Ellen's favourite turf walk under the larch trees, out of sight of mamma's prim flower borders; there one can get a breath of air. Ob, Anne, do you know what it is to feel all day as if you could not breathe V 1 Wo, I can't say I do,' said Anne, laugh ing. ' Of course not, for you never do or say things to make people disapprove of you, and look surprise at you out of their eyes, till you feel turned to stone. Anne, you can't imagine how miserable it has all boen here (for me) since Pelham and Uncle Charles came. You see I am so horrid that they can't indure me ; and it has opened mamma's eyes wider than ever to all my faults ! They try to like me. I can see that, and I study hard to please them, and watch every word ; but just when I think I am succeeding, and begin to feel a little happy, out comes some un lucky spoech from my real self, and they are disgusted with me again. It is very uncom fortable to be made so that one's nearest ralations can only like one when one is pre tending to be different from what one is.' It was certainly not a love story that this second Ellen Daly was telling in her aunt's favourite walk ; but it interested Anne quite as deeply as that other tale had done, as she looked down on the eager changeful face and wistful eyes fixed on her now. ' Anne, shall I bo able to live at all, do you think, among those English relations of ours we're going to, who, if Pelham describes them rightly, alway say what they mean, and do what they intend, and will be for ever making allowances for Connor and me ? Won't I die before I come back, and see the shadow of Each-a-eree grow long on our own lake again P' ' No, certainly not,' said Anne, ' if you are the true-hearted Irish girl I take you for, with courage not to be ashamed of anything that is not really wrong, and spirit to take and give back a little ridicule kindly.' ' It's not ridicule I'll mind, or get,' said Ellen, sighing, s for I don't think that at Pelham Court the whole family have a laugh between them. It's my own brother's being ashamed of me that kills me, and the finding out that I always make a mistake and vex him most when I try hardest to please him. ' Say serve instead of please, and you'll find out how much better the trying answers,' said Anne. ' Ellen, avourneen, you like to be thought like me. Suppose it should turn out that the likeness between us is deeper than on the outside, and that the lesson set for you to learn in your life should be the the same as mine.' ' I should not think you ever needed to learn any lessons.' 'Yes, this one, to put serve instead of; please into my wishes, when I thought of \ those I love best. You try that plaa, and i you will find what a great deal of trouble and what heartburns it 3avea you. Let people think of you as they will, and be content if you can only serve them.' 'Oh deai', and it's so pleasant and sunshiny to please everybody. I do so like the way people here have of praising one at every moment. Uncle Charles and mamma say it's hypocrisy ; but whether they mean it or not, it's very nice to hear, and I can't think how I shall ever bear to live where I'm just the same as everybody else to everybody. Anne, do you see that bit of a path beyond the house sloping up the mountain, where the shadow of that cloud lies so deep P I shall feel just like that all the time I am away. I shall be walking on, on through the dark, with not a bit of sunshine to warm- me.' ' And look further on, do you see what bright light the path opens out into when it fairly reaches the crest of the hill. We have made a little story out of it between us. Never mind how dark the shadowy bit is if it really takes you up. That's all I ask for you, I though you know I love you with all the veins of my heart, Eileen asthore. You are sure to get to tho warmth and light sooner or later.' Ellen stood slill on the turf walk, and took a long look around her. 'I'll see it whilo I'm am away, and it will me,' she said, ' When things go wrong, and I feel unhappy, I'll say to myst-lf, ' It's just a bit of (he path ;' and then I shall aeo tho shadow of the cloud, and the road winding up through it, and coming out all clear and white and warm, into the sunshine at the top. But how long will it take climbing up the dark part, I wonder p' ' I can't promise you that it may not take your whole life-time, avourneen,' said Anne, ' Never mind : hold your head up, and look towards the light at the end, and the shadow won't hurt you. I was told to give you a lecture on content, and you and I have managed it between us, in our own allegori cal, Good People's Hollow fashion. Is not that your father riding towards the house with the bo3rsP We hud better go down and meet them, for I have not much longer to stay. I feel sure Peter Lynch is growing very impatient.' On the whole, Anne was not sorry that the remaining farewells and last words had to be short. She disapproved of the course her cousin had resolved to take, loo ener getically to make her good wishes for its success sound cordial or hopeful, and she was afraid of appearing to use her influense in opposition to the wishes of his wife and brother-in law if she were tempted to make suggestions. Mrs. Daly made her take a turn or two up and down the terrace before the house while the car was being got ready, but to her relief he did not again attempt to discuss the wis dom or follow of his present plans, and hardly alluded to his approaching departure. His mind was full of the incidents of the morning when he had been into Ballyowen with his sons to attend the trial and procure the re lease of the prisoners who had been commit ted for stealing Pelham's dog. He was bent on learning the impression that Pelham's looks had made on Anne, and taking her opinion respecting tho particulars of his conduct on the occasion of his appear ing in court, which he proceeded to relate to her. ' Like his mother, all over, is not he T he begun. ( And how he is ever to get on, any more than she has done, with the people here baffles me to think. I wish you could have seen the two boys this morning in Ballyowen. The court was of course crowded. You know the sort of reputation Hill Dennis has of being a bold, desperate malefactor, whom no limb of the law has ever succeeded in laying hold of yet. The news that his still had been seized, and he himself committed to prison, spread like wildfire, and brought people from all parts of the country to see how he would comport himself before tho magistrates. The boys were both summoned as witnesses, Pelham to swear to the identifi.fi cation of the dog, and Connor on behalf of the prisoners, to show how poor Lictor came into their possession. Connor, with all his brass, was by far the most nervous of the two ; he was in a state of wild excitement as he rode into the town, and in the court-house safe biting his pocket handkerchief to pieces, and making grimaces like a mad creature. Pelham hardly spoke a word, and looked just as usual. I should have thought he was perfectly indifferent, if I had not chanced to touch his hand as we rode into the court* house yard, and found that it was as cold as a lump of ice. When his name was called he stopped forward at once, as if he were thoroughly used to the thing, and answered the questions put to him in a way that I could see made a favourable impression on tho magistrates on the bench to-day ; and just the contrary on the prisoner's partisans, crowding round tho door and straining to catch every word. He really gave his evidence very well, just answering what was asked, with the bare truth, and showing no emotion either way. Dennis leaned out of the dock, and tried to catch his eye ; but Pelham looked steadily straight before him, and saw no one but the lawyer who was questioning him. I had gone down into the crowd, and you can imagine the comments I hoard. ' Could and dark and hard as never a Daly was before him,' was about the most favour able verdict I could pick up. A little time after, Connor's turn came : he slouched up, looking, I must confess, vary like a school boy who knows he has got himself into a bad scrape, pale and sullen, and somewhat overawed. What ho had to say certainly was not very creditable to himself: for a moment I thought his usual pluck had deser« ted him, and that he would show off badly. His first answer came out in a shaky, quaver ing voice, that was quite inaudible down below ; but before he had done speaking, Dennis, stretching out his arms towards him over the dock, called out before anyone could stop him — 'Spake up, thin, Mr. Connor dear, spake up; it's yeroelf knows the truth and has the good heart to speak it out bould and clear, on behalf of them that trust ye.' Connor turned round and looked at the prisoners, and his face quivered and trembled with excites ment. For a moment I was afraid he was going to burst into tears, but he gave a great sulp, colour and resolution came back into his face, and after that — well, it would have taken a cleverer lawyer than there wan there to get a word'out ol' him'^unfavourable to the prisoners. He wan questioned closely about his previous knowledge of Dennis's mountain retreat, and his acquaintance with what went on there, and you would havo been amused with the kenn wife and shrewdness he dis played inframing hi:/ answers. ' The history of the abduction of tho dog ho told readily and fairly enough, though even there ho could not help slipping in a sentence or two that toned down the ridicule of the story, and gave a certain air of genero sity to his own conduct in the matter that one would not have seen in it, certainly, but for his own shoyring. I don't mean to say that he said a single word that was not liter ally true, and I was actually carried away by the speciousness of his story at the time my self', as was everybody else that heard it. But, thinking it over, ouo sees the difference between his truth and Pelham's. For tho life of him, I doubt whether that boy could spoak of anything that nearly concerned him self, or anyone he cared for, without putting glaniouv into his words about it. Now, tho other has bare tvuth on his lips, aud would speak it straight out, if it carried death in it to the heart next his own.' ' I respect such a character,' cried Anne. ' Wo all know too well what comes in the long run of^ putting glamour over things. How impossible it is to see correctly, or reach what one is aiming at, when one walks in a mist of one's raising, golden or dark. Connor's evidence .would make him very popular with the people in court V ' And indeed it did. I hurried our getting out of tho town as much as I could, for fear the expression of it should be too plain. Well, those boys have contrived out of their foolish quarrel about a dog to fix a character on themselves, and win hatred and love that will last them their lives, and go far to make or mar them, if I'm not much mistaken, seeing that one of them at least is likely to pass the best part of his life hero.' 1 They could do much to help each other, if they would,' remarked Anne. ' So sober* minded an elder brother as Polham might have a very happy influence on Connor'a volatile character ; while Connor, with his ready wit and art of winning popularity wherever he goes, might serve Pelham well, if once they learned to appreciate each other and come to bo close friends as well as brothers.' ' Ah, vjf—ihe question is how you are to bring ice and five together without _their being the death of each other. Have I not been trying it these nineteen yoars ? No, Anne, don't look reproachfully at me as if I were again complaining of my lot, or failing to stand manfully by the choice I made. You had too much of that when I spoke to you at the Hollow last week, and I have come since to a better mind. It was the real thing that took hold of me that day when I rode up to Pelham Court, and had a glance of a sober-, faced little girl sewing by an open window, and vowed to myself that I would not go away till I had^brought a smile to the grave lips. ' Many waters cannot quench love.' I have read that somewhere, and true it is. We Dalys, though we are a feather-headed race, havo hearts that hold what they fasten on with a tight grip, and for all that's come and gone, her smile—such a ghost of a smile as I ever get — is asj much to me now as it was then , and I find I am as ready to pay heart's blood to win it- This leaving home is a great wrench,' ho continued, after a moment's pause, during which his eyes wandered over the landscape, from the dark, purple, cloudy ridge of the distant Marm Tvrk Mountain-s to the dancing waters of tho lake, and the soft bright sides of the upward swelling green hills near at hands that stood out clear in the blue eastern sky. ' A great wrench ; and I know it will be a weary, worthless sort of life I'll lead all the time I am away from here ; but I'm fool enough to feel paid by the change the concession iiaq made in her. She'll be able to enduro mo better whan she gets me away from every thing I cave for that's not herself, I suppose that is the natuveof women.' Anne thought privately that it was not her nature, but she only said : 'I am glad you have told me this to-night ; it makes me understand your going better. I did not like to think it was just shrinking away from trouble and work that had to bo done/ ' Perhaps I am like Connor in putting a little glamour over my doings. It's odd 'the glimpses one gets into one's character, and how ifc looks to other people, by watching a reproduction of oneself in another generation. When I perceive the quiet contempt in which ?Pelham holds Connor, I begin to understand how it is that nay wile baa never succeeded in taking mo at my own valuation. That brings me to the question we were discussing before— how those two lads arc ever to pull together.' ?I don't think you should be uneasy. You have yourself experienced how powerful is the attraction a strong, .self-restrained, con scientious nature can exercise over a more impulsive volatile one. I should not despair of seeing a bond of more than common affec tion formed between Connor and Pelham. It may take some peculiar circumstance—per haps some great trouble — to show tho best side of each to tho other ; but you may de pend upon ifc their lives won't pass without something arising to draw them together. It has never been the habit of your people to havo their foes of their own household, and there have been brothers of your race before now, you know, who have gone to the death for each other.' ' It is you, Anne, that always leaves the word of comfort behind you. Who will 1 have to talk me out of my troubles when I am away from you ?' ' Well, good-bye. We have come to that, and there's no more to bo said. I won't turn back to the house, for I had rather not inflict another leavc- takving on Ellen, Send the car after me. and don't come back to put me in, Peter Lynch disapproves utterly of your leaving the country. He won't bestow word or look upon you, and he will make the horse dance if you come near.' (To be continued.) 