She Ityifibmte djjjmipcij. P"j 1st liar PUBLISHED DAILY. ~e< -.- Do Thursday, August 22, 1878. of -?- All An arrangement has at length been come to between parties in the Legislative Assembly under which, it may be presumed, the session will be brought to a speedy close. Having previously insisted upon such an understanding, we can- not but be gratified at the circumstance that it has now been arrived at. Nor does it concern us very materially that the recent Ministerial policy with reference to Supply and the general elections has collapsed. The Premier's speech on Friday was symptomatic of indecision, and this appears to have encouraged the Opposition to impose their own terms on Ministers. We do not quarrel with the position Mr. M'Ilwraith assumed, and we cannot dissent from Mr, Douglas' opinion that yesterday afternoon's discussion has done good. It has effected an armistice between parties, which will be a relief to the public, and it has once more demonstrated that the actual rulers of the country are not hampered by official responsibility. Yet the public might have been spared this additional illustra- tion of Ministerial want of foresight. It was due to the dignity of the Government that its mind should be definitely made up before the meeting of the Assembly yesterday. Five days had been allowed for deliberation, the intended conference between the leaders of parties had presumedly taken place, and if no agreement was possible, Ministers certainly ought to have come to the House with their ultimatum. At first it appeared that this was what had happened. When Mr. Douglas stated that the Government had, after mature consideration, determined to have the elections in November, and call Parliament together as soon afterwards as possible, the natural inference was that this sole ground of difference had been amicably arranged. But it soon transpired that no compact had been made, and that the Opposition were not prepared to accept the compromise without a guarantee They found no satisfaction in the phrase "as soon as possible," and wanted an assurance which the Premier at first refused to give. But discussion soon showed that the Opposition's do uiaud could be supported by constitutional precedents, and that "when Ministers conceded the, point as to the date of the elections they should have announced the determination to ask only six months' supply. Technically it may be true that they are not a, defeated Ministry, but their policy has unquestionably been seriously modified by their opponents, and they admit that they do not possess a working majority in the representative chamber. Under these circumstances, had the elections been postponed till February, and the full year's supply been granted, they would have gone to the country with a substantial vote of confidence. Possibly Mr. Douglas expected that a graceful concession would conciliate generous opponents, but if so he was disappointed. The agreement as to November elections imposed new responsibilities on the unofficial members, and it at once became their duty to limit supply for the term requisite to admit of the new Parliament assembling. A veteran politician like Mr. Douglas should have foreseen this, and have averted the spectacle of a Ministry shifting their ground inch by inch, and having no other rallying point than that of unconditional surrender. If this accords with the Premier's conception as to the government of the country by responsible Ministers of the Crown, we are at a loss to know on what his principles are founded, and whence his precedents are obtained. We do not think the leader of the Opposition need be troubled lest the course taken of going through the rest of the Estimates before the dissolu- tion, should be pronounced unconstitutional. Looked at from any point of view it is less objectionable than an abrupt termination of the session would be. If the Estimates are all passed, the Appropriation Bill can easily be made to cover only one-half their total amount, and the expenditure for the six months will proceed on the basis of the current year's Estimates. If the Estimates were not completed, on the other hand, the expenditure for the undealt with departments must proceed on the basis of last year's appropriations, which would be clearly undesirable. There is, of course a considerable yearly accretion in the Estimates, yet some votes passed last session will not need to he repeated this, while others will be totally insufficient for the services of the present year. Had any portion of the Estimates' been refused, therefore, the Government would have found themselves embarrassed in administration, and, as with almost any Government under such circumstances, they would have spent the public money without Parliamentary authority. Such a contingency the people's representatives are bound to guard against, and in this case that could only be done by passing the whole of the Estimates, subject only to such reductions as would not impair the efficiency of the public service. The Opposition have taken a very proper course in determining not to resist the Loan Estimates. As we have already pointed out, it substantially embodies Mr. M'Ilwraith's own i:>olicy, and it has special claims to consideration as an emergency Estimate. The great public works of the colony must not be allowed to stop, or even be conducted on a reduced scale of expenditure. The only hope of meeting the interest on the capital invested in them depends upon their speedy completion, and it would have been a catastrophe had party exigencies caused the indefinite postponement of what everybody admits to be a necessary loan. The effect of the understanding is briefly this The Estimates will be pressed through speedily, the Appropriation Bill will pass almost as a formal measure, and Parliament will be prorogued probably within a fortnight. The elections will take place in November, and the new Parliament will necessarily meet early in January. Supply will be exhausted on 31st December, and although no further payments will need to be made until 1st February, the assembling of Parliament must take place two or three weeks before that date. As Mr. Douglas hinted yesterday, a trial of party strength will probably occur on Ministers asking for further Supply, after which there will be a two or three months' adjournment, to allow the present Ministers or their successors to prepare their ordinary session's programme. The January session will therefore be very short, and although it may inconvenience some honorable members,, its effect will certainly be to clear the way for a good year's parliamentary work. Had not the November elections been insisted upon, Parliament would not have met until April at the earliest, and in the event of a change of Ministry the whole business of the year would have been thrown out of gear. We think, therefore, that the understanding arrived at will prove decidedly advantageous to the country, and that the inconvenience inflicted by it upon the people's representatives will be cheerfully borne. connected with the general election there is one matter to which attention should be prominently drawn. The temporary rolls to be used on the occasion will be just what they are made by the Revision Courts and by the people themselves. If prepared in a careless or per- functory way they will be incomplete and cause much disfranchisement; but if framed with care, and supplemented by the additional names of all qualified persons, they will ensure a full expression of opinion from the country. In order that the work may be well done, we suggest the immediate issue of a circular note to every clerk of petty sessions, with explicit instructions as to his duty in regard to these temporary rolls. Among these instructions there should be a direction to summon a full meeting of the Bench for the 3rd of September, and also to give public notice of the first sitting of the Revision Court, with every adjournment thereof. With such precautions no fear need be entertained that by expediting the elections any obstacle has been raised against a full expression of the opinions and wishes of the constituencies. Mr. R. Brough Sjiytit, who was formerly Secretary of the Mining Department, as also of the Board for the Protec- tion of the Aborigines, in Victoria, has just issued what may appropriately be called his great work on the indigenous races of that colony and of other parts of Australia. As we shall probably have occasion to review it, in due course, it is unnecessary to say more at present than to re- mark that, both in scope and execution, in breadth of design and minuteness of detail, the book is worthy to take rank with that valuable series of scientific works issued by the Smithsonian Institution at Washington. Our purpose in referring to it now is to express a hope that Mr. Smyth's estimate of the character and capacity of the aborigines of these colonies may not be without its influence upon the future conduct of the dominant races towards them; and that we may look with more kindly eyes upon those whom we are gradually supplanting, and whose utter extinction in Tasmania constitutes one of the darkest blots in the history of Australian colonisation. Even in Victoria, where upwards of £100,000 has been spent upon the so-called " protection " of the aborigines, which generally means a pernicious experiment for their denaturali sation, and for the miraculous transforma- tion of a free and healthy savage into a conventional and artificial European of the nineteenth century, the diminution of the blacks has been something fearful. In the space of forty years the two Melbourne tribes have dwindled down from 292 to about 20; and the Geelong tribe from 173 to 1 while others have wholly disappeared. Drink and disease; the substitution of blankets for opossum rugs, and the de- formed habits of the half-civilised natives, have combined to destroy them. Too often, in the exercise of our superior power, and in our unjust scorn of an inferior race, we have made a solitude and have called it peace;" and have taught the aborigines The prayers of Abel linked to deeds of Cain. According to Mr. Brough Smyth, good and evil are mingled in the character of the indigenous races, in pretty nearly the same proportions as in those of their dis- possessors. They are courageous and superstitious; cruel to their enemies, and kind to their friends ; affectionate to their relatives, and reverential towards the aged. When they kill any of their infants, they do so with a merciful swiftness; discard- ing all such prolonged cruelties as baby farms, poisonous opiates, and parental neglect; while they are exceedingly fond of the children who are permitted to live. Insanity and idiotcy are wholly unknown among them; and so was suicide, when they were living in a wild state. If an Australian chastise his wife, he does so with a waddy. He does not knock her down and kick her to death with heavy hob-nailed shoes; or throw her down a flight of fourteen stairs; or put her to roast before the fire " like a piece of beef or cut her to pieces with a hatchet; or throw a burning paraffin lamp at her, and cynically watch her burning ; or set a large bulldog at her; or empty a bottle of vitriol over her; or throw her on a blazing fire ; after the manner of certain English husbands, as described by Miss Cobbe, in the April number of the Contemporary Review. All these things may be expected to come, when the savage has been civilised. At present he has his own vices only; together with a great many countervailing virtues. His children are precocious, and begin to look about for food ? almost as soon as the young of the kangaroo. Their education, which is a decidedly useful one, begins at a very early period. Games of skill are played with a view to exercise them in the necessary arts. The boys are taught to throw the spear and use the shield; while the girls are instructed in the, art of weaving cord and making baskets. They have no larrikins among them; and as they are unable to read, they are as yet ignorant' of the entertainment and edification to be derived from the perusal of scrofulous novels, French or' English. Neither, says Mr. Smyth, "do their parents use any of those con- trivances for producing distortion which are common in other countries." The tribe, as in early times in Asia, is merely an expansion of the family, and none within it can intermarry. Large; families are frequent among them, some parents having as many as thirteen children; and the greatest sorrow is exhibited by the blacks when one of their number is sick and near death; while the care with which the living avoid contact with the dead evinces an instinctive appreciation of the danger of that contamination against which the Mosaic laws made such careful provision. Many of their beliefs concerning the ghosts of the departed resemble those prevalent in ancient Greece; and the fact that the natives in some parts of this colony, where they burn the dead, keep and carry about with them the ashes, is also analogous to a custom of classic times. In fact, the special value of Mr. Smyth's book is that it presents a mass of evidence tending to show that the development of the human race is always along certain lines, and that the Australian aborigines are now in that stage of mental growth which some of the more advanced races passed through many ages ago. Thus the decorative arts of the former are almost identical with those of the early Britons; and they " use the trident in the shallow weedy waters of the Murray, and follow the fish by the same signs as those that guided the ancient Egyptian when he pushed his papyrus past through the broad leaves of the lotus in the lagoons and ponds that were filled by the waters of the Nile;" while the Kjok-ken-mi'ddings of Denmark are reproduced on the sea- shore of Victoria, and in the currawong heaps of earth, charcoal ashes, and animal bones, which are found in the interior of the same colony. Need we remark that the lake dwellings of Switzerland have their exact analogue on some of the islands of the Malay Archipelago to the very day ? Mr. Brough Smyth's book will be invaluable to the ethnologist and philologist of the old world, and its publication ought to have the effect of stimulating enquiry, and promoting the collection and registra- tion of facts relating to our aboriginal population by all who are brought into contact with them, and who are qualified to elicit authentic and trust- worthy information concerning them. We have received some correspondence re. lating to exhibits already reported on in our columns, which will receive due attention in a future issue. According to adjournment the Legislative Council should meet at the usual hour this afternoon. The only business, we believe, will be the receipt of messages from the Assembly ; but if a quorum be formed to-day, it will at least enable the Districts Courts Act Amendment Bill, and Local Government Bill to be placed on the paper for discussion on Friday. There will be a general parade of the Metro politan Corps at the exhibition buildings on the occasion of the presentation of prizes by Miss Kennedy to the successful competitors at the meeting of the National Rifle Association, on Saturday next, at 8 o'clock p.m., preparatory to which the metropolitan battalion, with their band, will fall in at the Treasury yard, at 7 o'clock p.m., and thence march to the exhibition building. We understand that the fountain at the exhibition will to-night, be rendered more beautiful by being illuminated with the electric light instead of the lime light. This should add to what is undeniably one of the greatest evening attractions of the exhibition and as it is a matter which necessitates considerably more care in manipulation than with the lime light, and the effect produced will be much greater, those who visit Bowen Park this evening will enjoy a spectacle which has never before been presented in Brisbane. An accident occurred in Queen-street yesterday, which, considering the circumstances, might have proved much more serious in its results than it did, It appears that about 12 o'clock, when the streets were crowded with traffic to and from the exhibition, a German waggon drawn by two horses, and with no one but a small boy in it, dashed suddenly round. the corner from Albert- street into Queen-street. Upon passing in front of Mr. Fletcher's grocery store, the waggon came into collision with the spring van belonging to the establishment, completely overturning it although, strange to say the horse attached remained standing quite steady until the cart was righted. Here the boy, who had been vainly endeavoring to clutch the reins, was thrown out and somewhat bruised, and the excited horses, passing behind the spring cart, took the footway for a few yards, but almost immediately returned to the roadway. When opposite Perry Bros.' store they overturned a spring cart that was being quietly driven up the street, and directly afterwards ran straight into one of Chalk's 'busses. The pole of the 'bus was broken short off, and the 'bus horses somewhat cut about the neck, but the waggon horses got away again, this time carry ing only the pole and a part of the fore-carriage. There is no knowing what further damage they might have done had they not been cleverly stopped before they had gone a dozen paces. By this time the owner, a Mr. Finch, came up. It appeared that he had left the horses in Albert street for a short time, and when he came back they had started off on their own account. He greatly bewailed his fate when told that he would have to pay the damages, but he may coDgnitu. late himself that they were not much heavier and that he is not mulcted in an additional sum as an offering to the Corporation, whose by-laws be set at nought, and that no one was killed or seriously injured by his neglect. Although corporations may be destitute or souls to be saved or bodies to be kicked, they are liable to legal prosecution; and we fear that road-roller of our City Fathers will get them into trouble before it is many days older. An iron horse cannot short and crunch stones in a public thoroughfare in broad daylight with impunity when that thoroughfare is being traversed by horses of flesh and blood ; equine nature won't stand that sort of thing, at least until it becomes accustomed to it. The simple way to avoid the serious accidents which are sure to occur if the course now being followed is continued in is either to block the streets in which the roller is at work or to let it be used at night after all traffic has ceased. The latter alternative is adopted in the City of Adelaide, and the former, we believe, in the City of London. The increased traffic of the past two or three days has tended to make more apparent the inconvenience of a habit which is becoming a serious nuisance in the principal thoroughfares of Brisbane ; we refer to the common practice indulged in by the drivers: of omnibuses and jingles of taking the centre of the road instead of keeping their proper side. There is a by-law, the enforcement of which would at once abate this annoyance, and the police on duty in Queen street do not appear to be over worked. Again, the rivalry between the various vehicles some times induces the drivers to indulge in racing on a mild scale, and there really is not room in our principal street for that sort of amusement. In- structions might even we think, be very properly given to the police to prevent public conveyances from being driven abreast in the same direction, at any rate in Queen-street. While we are upon this subject we may as well direct attention to another little matter that requires attention. The Municipal Council has made it a punishable offence to ride or drive round the corner of a street at a rate faster than a walk, while in crossing the intersection of two streets a fast pace is allowable, whereas the danger to foot-passengers is as great in the latter as in the former case. In Melbourne the police compel every vehicle, whether public or private, to cross such intersections at a walking pace. Mr. W. H. Kent reports that at the horse sale held at the exhibition grounds yesterday, he sold the draft stallion Young Magenta to Mr. F. Lord, for 120 guineas; the cart stallion Young Briton to Mr. Geddes for 140 guineas ; the. draft mare Activity to Mr. Webb for 25 guineas ; the jumper Tomboy to Mr. Fitzhenry, for 20 guineas; the ponies Punch and Judy to Mr. Charles Green, for 23 guineas. The thorough bred horses Hyperion, Chieftain, Julius, and Prince Arthur, were bought in, as also were several heavy stallions and mares. Our sporting contributor " Venison" has requested us to take note of the fact that the prize Arab horse Baghdad No. 32 in the catalogue is the same charge that carried Lord Napier of Magdala through the Abyssinian war. He was purchased for his lordship by the Consul-General of Syria, and was never sick nor sorry throughout the campaigns sure proof of the hardy stamp of this particular breed of horses. 