A PROMISING PRINCELING. THE . King of Holland has long had the reputation-of being too much given to tho tender, passion, and indeed to occupy himself with that exciting amusement bo mouch more than with the more serious but far less interesting affairs of the State, that those of his subjects whose morals are of a better regulated quality, or whose opportuni ties for mischief are not so plentiful, are discussing the question of how decently to get rid of this elderly Adonis. Abdication (the polite term for deposition) is a word therefore often on their lips. But whom to have in his place? That is just the puzzle, lite farther, like eon; and the Prince of Orange, or " Citron," as he is familiarly nicknamed by the Parisians, among whom he now is, happens to be a thorough chip of the old block. If Citron, therefore, were to be chosen to reign in place of his dear papa, the result would assuredly be on illustration j of the homely proverb about getting out of the frying-pan into the fire. There is, however, another son endowed i with better qualities, but unfortunately J in poor health; and also a younger j brother of the Bang, who is said to entertain more sober notions on the subjects of running after other men's wives, and is therefore, as a matter of | course, much scandilisedat the immoral goings-on of his near and dear relatives. But it is eo easy to be virtuous when! virtue seems to open up a prospect of I I winning the crown. Citron, as though I blindly bent upon ruining' his own j chaooes of wearing that covering for I ! and (uneasy head, has recently been I getting into a tremendous scrape, which | really reads like a romantic chapter out | of a Prench novel, Spanish comedy, or I i Italian open. He sent a note to a lady of his acquaintance, one moving in the highest circles, asking her to dine with him at a certain cafe restaurant in Paris.^ By way of a joke, he singned the invitation " Orangeade." The lady, perhaps inthefluttorof excitement, was careless enough to leave the letter on her dressing-table, where the very last person in the world who ought to have found it of coune lighted upon it ' her husband. But he judiciously breathed not a word of his discovery to fcfs too fascinating spouse. At the hour of assignation he feigned to have an agreement to dine at hi* dub, but really went in search of the police. Accompanied by two of the force, he betook himself to the restaurant, and peremptorily demanded to be shown into the private room where his wife and the Prinoe Boyal were difiing. I Mine host waa taken aback, he had not had the ghost of a suspicion as to the exalted rank of his guests; but his bet ter half, with a woman's wit, detecting the situation at once, came forward, and with the most innocent of counten ances mentioned the name of a distin guished general, and declared that he and a party of officers were dining in that particular room, and must on no aocount be disturbed. The policemen, having no warrant, had to withdraw; but it was decided by the conspirators that they should watch outside, which for three hours of intensely cold weather they actuary did. At the end of that time, nothing suspicious having oc curred and their patiepi& being ex hausted,.a return inside the testauiant waa'eijepfced, and thp party were al lowea'to enter the room to: Vjuclb they had bel^ro desired to penetrate.' The remains of dinner for two were found (ftwonlyl; -Oh, Mrs. Bonifaqe. what a larfcfc-sirtd fib yon had toli I); but the diners themselves had disappeared. What had beoome of them P A barber had,duringthosa three hojirs pf treat h ing time, trimmed the .prince's beard, and produced a short curly < wig:'for the lady; and, napkin in liana,'and attired in a waiter's jacket and apron, Citron , had actually served hot punch, &c.;, to the freezing husband and detectives , seated outside the restaurant. Mean- ( while, the lady, dressed as a pastry cook's boy, with basket on head, had quietly passed out under the very noses of tho spies. The stoiy would never have been so speedily let out but for ] the fact that Citron grumbled at the ' long bill mine host presented, and also neglected to tip the subordinates who had so adroitly assisted him out of the Bcrapc. This want of tact on his part ' naturally loosened the late allies' tongues, and directly the false waiter ? had slipped out of sight the real waiters 1 opened their mouths with good effect, and enlightened the indignant husband as to the true history of the escapade. ! -"Eve's Granddaughter," in S. F. ; Chronicle. ADVICE to Moth BRA !-AM you broken In your JOTt by a sick ohilri suffering with the pain of out ting tooth J Go at onco to a cbomiat and get n ? bottle of Mas. WiNsww'n Soormjio Snrop. It< will relieve tho poor sufferer immediately. It is I perfectly hnrmleu and pleasant to taste, it pro duoes natural, quiet deep, by relieving tho child ' from pain, and the little oherub awaken " tui I bright aa abutton.". It soothes tho child and ' aoftens the gumi, allaya nil pain, reliovos wind, regulates the bowela, and ia tho best Vnown remedy for dysentery anil diarrhion, whether arising from* tce'lihig or other oauset. Mrs. Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup ia aoM by Medicine dealere everywhere at 3a Ij per bottle, Manu-1 1 factored at 493 Oxford Street, London. 1 