OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. | Aran, 27. is M. HIS has been holiday week, and when Victorians make holiday, they do it in earnest. Especially in Melbourne do they go about it as if they meant business. And now, that communication with all parts of the colony is so complete, it seems as if all the country folks came down to spend their Easter in town. Once we had no country people. That is to say, there was no difference between those who lived in Melbourne and those who lived out of it. Bush people were, perhaps, a little more careless about their clothes, but they had all gone from the city, to the country, and when they periodically came down, there was nothing to astonish them. Some of them took the opportunity of getting more drunk, and spending a good deal of money very foolishly ; but that was about the difference between those who had remained, and those who had not remained in Melbourne. But now there is a large native- born proportion in the population, so that whenever there is an influx of country into town, it brings with it a great many young persons who have never been in Melbourne before. And these make a feature of the time. I suppose we shall never have a race of clodhoppers here. Railways and compulsory education will prevent that but, nevertheless, these is, and probably always will be, a marked difference between those who dwell among woods and fields, and those who are habituated to the noise and throng of streets. Judging from the manner and appearance of our country friends, they are not entirely happy when they come to town, they seem stunned and be- wildered. They are unfamiliar with the ways of the street. They stand in little groups as if, after all, they thought it a waste of time to come so far and see so little. Still they come at these holiday times. It is something for them to say that they have been to Melbourne; that they have visited the Public Library, the Art Gallery, the Museum at the University, the Mint, the Botanical Gardens, the Acclimatization Society's grounds, the Sandridge Pier, and the theatres. But I find that they are all glad to get back to the country again. A week, is enough for them. They say that walking on the Hogs makes their feet sore, and that riding in cars and omnibuses shakes them to pieces and then the accommodation in the hotels and boarding-houses is atrocious The bed- rooms are stifling, the food is indigestible, and the charges are exorbitant. There is no comfort and you have to pay heavily for the lack of it. And this latter is perfectly true. There is but one really good hotel in Melbourne. The rest are a more or less bad, chiefly the latter. They are principally drinking bars, where bad liquor abounds, but where good ending and really comfortable sleeping are unknown. And if the visitors take rooms in private boarding-houses they are even worse off, even if they take their meals at any of the various restaurants, cafes, and " pie shops," which now seem to be as numerous as the hotels for the cookery in these eating-places is uniformly vile, and I do not wonder at the prevalence of dyspepsia, considering how many persons regularly take their meals there. The country people say they certainly have to eat tough mutton when they are at home, but then they have pure air and plenty of exercise, which help them to digest it. Altogether, therefore, t conclude that although Melbourne has this Easter been very full of visitors from the interior, they have gone back with anything but favourable impressions of the metropolis. "By way of exchange, the Governor and his friends the Ministers have been visiting the country. They have been entertained at banquets, and have indulged in much effusive oratory. The substance of this latter has been, principally, that Victoria is-or ought to be, which is the same thing-the happiest country on the face of the earth that its Legislature is the wisest deliberative body that ever met to make laws; that the Governor is a man picked out of ten thousand, and that his nth isers represent the collective wisdom of the wide world. Further, we learn from them, that whoever distrusts them is worse than a felon, and, best of all, that Sir Michael Hicks-Beach approves of all that they have done. But on this latter point we have only their assurance. There have come out despatches, indeed, from the Secretary for the Colonies, and in those despatches is contained his opinion of them. But Iris Excellency declines to publish them, and we are assured by the Ministerial organ that it is really his Excellency's modesty which causes him to withhold them. Meantime those whose creed does not include a devout belief in either Mr. Berry or Sir George Bowen have their own opinion about these despatches, They irreverently assert that if the despatches contained nothing but praise of the Governor and his allies, they would have been published at once, and this indeed is the most likely conclusion. Probably they reason that sufficient for the day is this, or any other evil, and that when we learn, as we shall by the next mail, what the despatches contain, it will be soon enough to encounter the ignominy of the official blame. It is significant, however, that only one home newspaper-the Daily 2fcws-takes their part, and this exception appears to have been due to the letter signed " Victorian," which, with a stupendous economy of truth, has represented matters exactly as the Governor would have them thought to be. Indeed there are not wanting those who directly credit Sir George Bowen with the authorship of this letter. Of this, however, I know no more than rumour enables me to suppose. Any way, the letter has given rise to much comment, and if hard, words could have killed the author, he would have given up the ghost a week ago. I am glad to believe that we are not entirely given up to the miserable strife of politics, but that we can think a little about art. There is now on view a collection of pictures by the late John Martin, and the room where they are shown has been found too small to exhibit them. 'The circumstances of these pictures coming to the colony are just a little peculiar. They were brought out by a son of Mr. Corbould, whose name, I need hardly say, stands high in the art world of London. John Martin was a relative of the Corbould family, and these pictures had long been in the possession of a lady member of it. Young Corbould, being desirous of coming to Australia for the benefit of his health, and wishing for some sort, of occupation during his visit, was allowed the loan, of these works, which were supplemented with several paintings by his father, and these he proposed to exhibit more as a pastime than with the view of making a profit out of them. After some difficulty he selected a. room in Collins-street, and issued cords for a private view j but, on the very day before that upon which they were to be seen he suddenly died. The gentleman to whom young Corbould had been "consigned a well-known and much respected solicitor of this city-wide somewhat embarrassed what to do, as picture exhibiting was a little out of his line. He at once, however, telegraphed to the elder Corbould, who replied, desiring him to " bury Arthur properly, and exhibit the pictures if you think it desirable to do so." He buried poor Arthur, and, exhibited, the pictures, never expecting that anybody would go and see them, and now, as I have said, the rooms are crowded. It makes one think better of people to find these works of true genius thus recognised. For John Martin was a school by himself, and he has had no imitators. Dora says he is the only English painter from whom he ever learned anything And truly there is something strangely impressive and fascinating about Martin's works. Even the engrav- ings possess some of this power-to magnetise q one, but the originals enchant you. I think they could be purchased, at a high price of course, and a good many people wish we could have them for our art gallery. But the Berry Ministry are not likely to buy them. A Government which thinks draws it in public schools a useless subject, will hardly devote a few thousand pounds to secure a great artist's pictures. Some years ago, when Charles Summers was here, a certain suburban municipal council commissioned him to execute a bust in marble of their first chairman (they are called majors now) to place in the council-room. The bust was finished, but when the price-one hundred guineas was named, the council shuddered, and said they had not thought it would be more than ten pounds. 6 ° they repudiated the transaction. Summers, having the bust on has hands, offered it to the chairman hints self for seventy guineas. The chairman's reply was that he " did not see the use of busts." I suppose, in like manner, Mr. Berry does not see the use of pictures. And talking of busts, there is a movement to set up a statue, or something of the land, to the late Judge Fellows, Of course there have been many suggestions as to the form the memorial should take. The latest suggestion is from Mr Ephraim Zox, one of the members for East Melbourne, He thinks the memorial should consist of a wine in" the about-to-be-built Eye and Ear Hospital. This proposition is received with favour by some persons who discover in it an appropriaten.ejp.tn i 