"FOR PERCIVAL/ CHAPTER XIX. SISSY CON8U1T8 HER ORACLE. I imagine that a woman who has no fuss made about her wedding must feel much as a man might if he could wake up and findthat he had eaten a good dinner while in a state of unconsciousness. The desired end would be attained in both cases—she would be married and he would be fed—but I think the two sufferers would agree that it was attained in a most unsatisfactory way. Of course there are exceptions—women who do not care about orange blossoms and feeble speech- making as there axe men who eat to live—not to mention those who profess not to care. But Sissy belonged to neither division of exceptions. She liked the pomps and vanities of an orthodox wedding, and she owned it. White satin was the pomp which she especially desired, but she felt bound to consult Percival on the subject. H Should, yoa like me in that ?" she enquired. He replied that he thought it very likely, he: should. That he liked her very well as far as he had gone, and would endeavour to preserve his sentiments unchanged, at any rate through the honeymoon. ! Sissy sighed over his folly-and told him that the wouldn't say another word. . But- she went Off to Aunt Hamet, and together they planned wedding raiment which shbuld'fall in beautiful folds of sheen aad shade. Meanwhile Mr. Thome was planning great rejoicings, dinner for-all the tenants, a feast for the school children, flags, arches, bonfires, and fireworks. Mrs. Middle ton wouldhave been better. pleased with these schemes bad the biidegroom. been any one" but Percival. Who would not Bttppose that these great doings marked the marriage of-the jieir ? : " What then ?"«aid the squire. "But he is not your heir.^ : " If he,isn't what does it signify ? Let those laugh that win. Horace, for instance, when he wins.* ..... • , i w You. ara having the diamonds set for Sissy." Mrs: Middleton was divided between pleasure and vexation. It seemed 'liked treachery to her absent favourite. .: • "Why not ? I shall never like Horace's wife as welLas X -10m Percival's. "Shall you ?" ' She was silenced for the time. But choosing a motaent when Sissy was out of the way she said, not exactly to Percival, yet in his hearing, f I hope the wedding will be- late enough in the year for' Horace to be with jos.. I shouldn't like people to think that we made all this fuss as if he were of no account and never coming back." : Mr. Thome exclaimed angrily, "Harriet! Wbiat-iae you- talking about—^^are you out ofyour ftiind? Of course heis coming back, some IJITITO orother. AAtOithe wedding, Z daresay we may manage to nuke it secure and -legal either way." - But Percival vowed to himself that tie day shouldbe fixedas to make sure of Horace's return. j He talked-to Sissy ^about it, and «he quite agreedJwith him. At least she said she did, and that'ina very eager tone. So they decided that ^he. ; wedding, should be late in the spring or irly in the summer.,: Bat why did he go away ith the idea that there was an und^rcuirentof ^ear an,d anxiety in her mind, andthst she would mthernot see Horace &mong; the 'guests ? He \- pondered'the matter awhile, and then told himself that he was a fool for his pains. j He ought to have-been ve^y bappy that winter. He was devoted to Sissy, and was almost, con- Mnually at. BrackenhHl, But he |was anxious a-nd niieasy. Sven whei he was in one' of. fris silent'moods he would follow hefwith Ms eyee, or piy her mute, tittle " attentions, r However absent might: seem "to be he always heard when Sissy spoke, «nd never, forgot whjrt she skid- He -gave ;hia znind. wholly to the-fulfilment of his pledge, T '' J wffl die ere she shall grieve, . atad knew thit he gave it in vjun. For in her ^ayward April :fashion Sissy was grieving Still. | There were : days ^ when, she was bright and laughing,' others when ishe . was. abriwHng and spd. PercivalW/SB baffled.. He had expected to have Ins own way in everything, and intended tb use 'his power wisely and tenderly for Sissy's good;. Instead of which; she perplexed him. Formerly she denied that-there was anything the matter with her. Now she changed her tketicai owned -that she thought she. was not very well,- and -thus accounted for low spirits and nervous fears. . She was willing to see a doctor 4-two dociors-T-laalf a ^ozen if they liked. But thfey' were very silly, Bhe thought. If they l^ft her alone she would- 8bt>n be 'all right.of cpurse^ ' She rather thought it was the weather. January was too cold, JF«aruary was just as bad, Inarch was too windy and bleak. In the latter month .she put off her recovery .fT a little while^ expressing a fear that April would be too showery—— - • " And^May too floweiy,i-su^Ose?''' ; said Percival in a tone of tender chiding. •" Oh, Sissy ! - \- J Sissy t" : . | Whereupon, a,, tear- trembled on her lashes, and'fell. and clinging toTiim, she hid her face. i" Dea^r," he said, "lt isn't the" weather." i "Hen what-is it P^said; she, in her innocent vt>ice.' : -' -—•••- " -•"-.' •" , And wheii he could only answer, "But, Sissy, that as wha^ I want you : to tell me,".«he clasped her slender hands about his neck, and drew his tiead4own to hers. ! "1 think you had better not take any notice of me, n *he iaid. ^'Wrien l -used to pull the flowers abeut in iny littte "garden, and watered them) every <iay, rliiey 'nevier : seemed' to -grow. Von are ^U too gooi tame. I ^thinfc you.woji'jt ' i Perceval smiled, at ierjnew. th^ry^ and promised W^ait'' ajixl see what "time 'would.do" ^T .11 l^L^t^W mmai.r. •JkaJl'• T^ w* >J\ Jc fallible it i s disfaelarten ing, to say the least of it, tp find it fltterly ufeeless... Horw-.cnhch moras -if it: happened be his omx hwtV bloo^, his whole life, and energy, and jlevotion whieh. lie had bestowed to he&l; iis jiatient. and found It spent d without.i^sult ? ' ' ' r / ' n ! Gne dayat lancheon Mr. Thorn« inhouiieed tjiat he thought of Blight'alteration in tbe -^arden ; nothiiig important; just - a fresh path, abolishing a border, aad laying down a bit of turf.1 "„"V5?itli the -help ot .a water-bottle and two' decanters^ for trees," and- some 'plates - and Waives * and forks to TepreSeht other rpittiral objects," he' -suceeseded - in making the : aature of }"But you will-do away^wfii Horaceabbider, as we always called it/' sheofagected.; - ; "Theb^rdef'.hy the-tailpittee?". 'Tea; that goesi"of'course." . "- ' . '-/ .'. ' .. '-"I -l''.' »"Oh, <3odfrey i you mustn't do that 1 Why I remember him, when-he was quite si ihite, digging away --there in his little -shirt sleeves, and how. hot hie used to get over it to- be snre! I; can-see him now leaning on his little spade while hewipediia face, and then setting to work a^aih like—" Mrs. Middleton looked vaguely rsund for a comparison—" like anything! And d growing radishes and mustard and cress there! Oh; Godfrey, you don't remember-!"- - - ! " Yes," said. Mr. Thome, who had been niechamcally replacing the materials of his plan in theic original positions, -" Yes, I <Jo. I can vouch for the substantial accuracy of your interesting recollections. If my memory serves me the salad was brought to table by Horace himself, and' was gritty."' As he spoke he poured some, sherry from the decanter .which -had been the tulip tree. " I want a gravel pstib," he said, anasipped his wine.., r -. i" Alter your , gravel path .then, and have it by all means," was the quick xeply. V. Any where btit'th^ough poor Horace's border." • :Mr.-Thorne quietly- b^an t& construct- his plan «siBw. : " Through : the pond with Sissy's p^t water-lilies, my dear ? ~ Or shall-I cut down the great beech-tree 2 . Or demolish the old t>undial?". ' . ' ," Then do without your gravel-path. You have plenty of gravel-paths without making tiny ; more."- ' - i" Quite true. But I have a- fancy for." this one, and as Horace has/given up digging—What do you say, young people ? You, Percival ?" " I am sure that Horace would be the first to agree to your path if he were here. I am . quite certain he would not object. At the same time, i&n;'t it a pity to uproot old memories ? ' They grow slowly, and won't bear trans- t. planting." "Well, you haven't committed yourself, at : ary rate," said Mrs. Middleton. " Isn't that a comfort?" " A great comfort." A slight smile flickered over his face, and he went on with his luncheon. Percival is right," said Mr. Thome. " Horace wouldn't care. In fact, I think he wouldrather not do his sowing—mustard and cress—wild oats —whatever it may be, so immediately under my eyes nowadays. And as to old memories, they don't grow in that border. Nothing grows there exoept verbenas and mignionette, which are none of Horace's planting. You may^ just as well walk along my path and think of him in bis shirt sleeves, eating cress in the sweat of his brow, as look at those flowersand do it." "Much you know about it!" said Aunt Harriet, in a tone of lofty scorn. " I'll trouble you for a glass of that Madeira, Godfrey. You do understand wine." Thank you," said the squire, with a quick little bow. There was a moment's pause, one of thoie pauses which may mean anything or nothing, and may end abruptly in anger or laughter. He broke the silence. Arbitration is the thing, don't all the papers says so? We will amicably refer the matter to Sissy. As she has not yet spoken, she Shall decide." " Sissy, indeed!" Aunt Harriet looked fondly at the silent girl. " My dear, yoa are eating nothing; do let me " No bribery!" She must be an impartial judge.™ As if you didnt know, she would say what Percival says! Of course." ** I defy her to hold the balance so evenly, to blow hot and cold so accurately," laughed Mr. Thome. " Yes or no? Now, Sissy, must the border be kept as an everlasting memorial of Horace and-his cress, or may I have my gravelpath—such a nice gravel-path, and you shall Walk on it? Whichisittobe? Sissy, kept her eyes on her plate, but her answer came without a moment's hesitation, low yet distinct. " You may have your path." "Oh,-Sissy!" Mrs. Middleton exclaimed in a tone of pained Teproach. Even Percival uttered a little exclamation of surprise and pushed away his plate. Sissy's voice had been constrained, vet eo resolute. Mr. Thome half smiled, and lining towardslier,. said, alraOst in a whisper, 1 "Ybu and I think much the same about Master Horace, Haney." She looked him full in 'tfeeface. - "I'm not so re-of that!" she said aloud, and suddenly sing-she left theroom. : They all exchanged-glance?,anxious to read, aind not" to' bd read. r Mrs. Middleton's face sbftened. "I dont thirij£ Sissy is very well today,"-she said. And alter a few-minutes; when they left the table,-she went in search of her. i Opening the door of the little sitting-room, she walked in without knocking. . [ The.girl started to her feet, sweeping a quantity of paperatogether. "What do you want? Oh, Aunt Harriet i l didn-'t aee^I beg your dardon." As she spoke «he thrust same -of the loose sheets into a' shabby little writing-tese. fiut the old la^ had reoognised them: ^ They vfere fromHorauc^the carefully-penned j letters Which the schoolboy had sent to the littiegirl, who coi4d not read writing," as the children say, mixed with th4 s<iraWled. notes of later days. I " My 1 dear; -what iare you doing said Aunt Harriet, and took her 'in her : anuBi and kissed tie*:. . . 1-, .. i = .• | "I thought yoa would be - apgry ,-witii me," s^id Sissy. i"I was surprised, I.think. But you were qtaite ri^it, dear; Godfrey hif better have his ,th ; he wants it, and 1- was only foolish about " M never walk oh it I? said Sissy. " Never!" {"Ah! Yon didn't want poor Harry's border dbne away ? I thought you couldn't."- i" Yes, I did. Don't . ask pie any questions, please." ' And she "disengaged herself and turned away. - i" Bat, Sissyj l mttst aek ydn one thing. Ton didn't wish i^I am sure, thodgh you said it was to be.. Was it because you thought it would please Percival-?" ;"Oh, no!. no! it was all. my own doing. Eercival - wouldn't have said it, and wouldn't have wished it. -I did it ail myself." ' "I.can't understand.yoa!" said' poor Ann 1 ". Harriet; " Tell me what you mean, darling. It wasyonr own wish ? . Then why; ." ; and she looked at the.papers crashed into the case, and scattered on the tible., I Sissy tried hard to keep her voice level, but i was quavering and insecure. " I think hell die," she said. And flying past Aunt Harriet, she t^k: refuge in her bedroom* where the-old lady judged it inexpedient -to pursue her. , : About this time Sissy, used .to ask Percival questions apropos ot nothing that he .could make out. Once she attacked him on the old subject of heroism. • : " You wont ever expect me to be a heroine, willyon she said. '* You know how weak and silly I. am. I shall never . be : like Charlotte Corday, Pesrcival." . :"Heaven forbid that yon should!" said he. Thus.to Sfssy's'.rejlef, heaojept^d the;fi£ct that his ; futnre i w3e'would siever have nerve enough to go and stab anybody; in « moi^^tiBfafctairy fanner. He own tboughts, and shrank>£rom ^is-old <dreaiga .of * Woman of the heroic type-, " ito,.: no!* jie -said. "Those startling Women are all" very "well^ybut nbt-tomttry." - 0 1 * f 1 "I thought you listed Charlotte- Gorday so much." •: : '.::.•-.'... . :". I ta4mire: her jafterfashion.: But,tdear, -ypu have^put-itt /pu^ -pf my power : to play 'the part ofAdanji Iflx."t-, . ... ; • i•'Who"was hp ?", ; i Perinyaltold her .of the iove which 'i^rbt iiito 16^er - as fiie ^ifeitehce Was «pdken; «hd : the ft^h* death-icart; - iwent its ?Way thronj^i th» curses of "themobi .Qiil'like, thofighabewaa half.repelled Jby Cbsrlot^e. she was- r^dy to weep over this iqan whohadlpvediier. - She-sat w^^r her' hands In her lap, ponderinglthe.lire which Mndjed so suddenly-to s blaze of "melancholy ; J«sstdn,^a,nd came to^ M Swift -an end j^is^f ode -should be consumed by a-spazfc{rom aftiiso&.siar !• : ]" But .why j do you think so much about Char- lotte Corday ?" asked Percival. • ; "I don't; only I wanted, tp make .sure, that you quite understand what'I am- You do, don't you ?"... -.- '-' '"•'"' ' ' .' . ' • "' . "My -darling, I should hope I did by this time." • ' ' !(As if it Were a slight, thing .to understand a feillQW-creature,! ; But it is-a renurkable. fact itliat people are equally certain that they upder- "stknd, and that they are never understood.) 'Another day sh^ found him sitting, by the ~ fireside,"with a papfer, "trying to .work out a chess problem. She stole her hand- nmnd his elbow, and took : away a knight. •' He oaptflared bar retreating fingers,replaced "his piece; aud went on musing- with- her haud in his. Their two glances—his .intent, .hers . absent—were fixed upon the board.'. jAt last she sighed. " What is it ?" said he, not looking up; "-I want to know something.". "I want, to"know many things. - For instance, why does this man say, 'White to move and mate in three "mows,' when I can't mpjrage anythinghut a Stalemate ? "^rhat business has he to be cleverer, than I ain ?" . HB .stated' at the opposing forces for a minute. • " Bah! I can't see it," and pushing 'back his chair he'i , aised : his eyes." Let's'hear your puzzle—it may be easier tol solve." .. - • ) (She passed her hand lightly his strong wives of hair. ' " percival, wbeii people are -just d4ad——' ' ; He arched his brows ai little 1 . ' i-^—do they know what we are saying and thinking aboutthem " ~ i"Your problem is far more difficult than mine. I .can't tell you, Sissy." But dp tell me .what you think," she entrpated. i" I dont know what to -think. I- don't suppose they feel-.the affairs of oiir world to be half as) importapt-as we imagine them.. I fancy, for Instance, that a great man just entering on a new existence with all its .possibilities must have something bettfer to do than to sit " down, crpss his legs(Ispeakfiguratively), end read the obituary notices in all the papers. Sissy was not satisfied. "You think they wouldn't care; but could they know if they liked ? Because there are some things they would care about." " Of course there are." " Suppose a man had done something unkind to his friend and hidden it," Sissy went on. " If the friend died would he know all about it ?" " How can I tell Y" he mused, " as if a dead chief should see in a lightning-Sash that his trusted right-hand man was a traitor ? Well, he might, Sissy, but he would see it differently, I think—more reasons for pardon, perhaps—a clearer understanding of motives." " Then, perhaps, he would not be so angry," said Sissy thoughtfally. Percival did not heed, but after a moment went on. "Some people are always longing for speech with those gone before, and are ready to snatch at anything which they think assures them that the old bonds are as closely knit as ever. Thtt if why Spiritualism flourishes,andevery medium finds a circle of believers pining for news from the spirit world. I hate the idea. Do they think our planet rolls on its way surrounded by a grey and misty atmosphere—for these things are done in the dusk—alive with phantoms? And these ghosts have nothing more urgent to do than to communicate in some imperfect fashion with those who still enjoy the daylight. Who would not rather think of them as far away, leaving the old world behind them like a doll little blot, doing new work with new energy, ready to meet ns and to recognise us with clearer eyes than of old, as we in our turn emerge into the better life ? Suppose you died, and left me, my littte Sissy—I can't spare you, dear, you mustn't!—would I not rather dream of you as utterly ont of my reach, living perhaps In some distant star, than think that you, who. have talked to me so often with your sweet lips and eyes and hands, were trying to explain your feelings with, the help of a table, two or three chain, a concertina, a' bunch of flowers, and a half hysterical- medium? The very idea is horrible! if you should siend me a kiss by thehonsempidP - • "Good gracious, Percival!" exclaimed Mrs. Middleton, opening the door. " What are you talking about f ~ Spiritualism, my dear aunt," was the demure Wellj you know I "suppose f and she eyed him doubtfully. ." It didn't sound very spiritual." "But that's its peculiarity,"he replied. "It never does." And laughing in his" sleeve at her. bewilderment he gave -no more thought to the question ' whence his discourse arose. And Sissy eaid no ; more, but extracted what comfort Bhe could from the utterances of ber oracle. She needed further comfort & day car two later. The ratoris wife, who had known her ever since lihe came to Brackenhill, called suddenly upon her one afternoon. Mts. Bradley-was a good woznan 'in her Way, but -it Was a remarkably unpleasant way. She wished to be good—she tried to be good—and the result was that jshe was &n.awful; example of goodness. She, would have been as invaluable to a scoffer as is an incorrigible drunkard to a temperancelecturer. She carried : what she called " the ; Truth" about with • her a weapon ;of <SPence.- The -text about giving: an account ai every idle word bad entered into her .very soul, and she brought it down like « sledgethaipmer on every jest or airy bit' of nonsense. She had' always. before her. mind's eye the vision of a book'in. which all the vain spe&king; : of theworid Was recorded; to be ' read out at the laist day. She-did not -consider how muchran occasional flash at humour: would lighten this appalling work, ;no£ had. it: ever stmdL her that thisview of the case mighty perhaps, miake pzosiness the unpardonable sin. She flew npon poor Sissy at once with an involve 1 life, new duties—* 1 aiid remember, new responsibilities.": •.;..--- . " Oh, but Percival is going to take those," said Sissy. ' I think he likes thwp." " He cannot" take them," said Mrs. Bradley austerely, grating the' words one agpinst the other as they came out. Sissy qnlyTeplied by a nervous litue laughf and was reproved for levity. Then the dergywoman went on, to tell her that she had never, token sufBcient interest: in her fellow-creatures, and that now was the time to make a fresh stait and deliberately to aim at doing good; - » There was enough truth in the sccusatSon to make the poor litue victim Wince. r Oaring - for her fellow- creatures, and doing good, meant giving things , to the .poor, and talking to them, she supposed j. andshe was well ,aware that -she had never -done imything of tie /kind. • Aunt Harriet had always disposed of her boots^ indeed of -all her oldch^es/without- consulting her; and ebe had noV take& to distaict visiting, Sunday^achool teaching,. or any «ort of pattish work. She had an idea that it was wrong to be so indifferent, butrshe was quite sure that ahe could sot possibly go calling at cottages, giving away tickets, and "reading chapters to sick people. If that 'Were' goodness, she ' piuBt continue wicked. • . •;•. ^ • Mrs.Bradley-waitedfarli« to qpeak. Ob, .-HI think about it," said Si«y^. hurriedly, iritb a teipblp fertapty in h^ h^art . that she should" think ^bont it figainst.her ,wi!L '" But'I^shan't be- abletcidb anything atpresent. We are "nbt goingiohavea^lwuBelust at first; 'we'mea^to tfiiVelw''".' "i'.'"- ' " • L ^ \- 'i Ibere is^ ah immense field for fluchWork on :the Continent" :WBS, the reiqcirselessMply. i>. , f Oh,- n«!. oh, ^iol I; couldn't,. really,", exclaimed Sissy, alternately .hot and ooldL, in Jtier "terror leSt"a pledge of"tome.'land should be extorted from ner—to give a tract to the Pope, perhaps, Or ptiblicly to denounce '- Italian idolatayi •.. : ...» "Among tthpse benighted nations——Jibs. Bradley began. ; , i - "But I couldut talk to thetn. Percival is goin'g'to do Sa.ll the talking." " I hope-^I can but fope, Sissy—that you will- not' rely ' too much on : Mr. - Peicival Thorue." " But 1 haye forgotten each & lot - of my French, you cant think. And, Mrs.. Bradley,. I never did know any Italian except two songs', and they are. not "Sunday "ones. Perhaps "when'we get backand are aettled= t -^— " Do not deceive yoursdf^ imd Mrs. Bradley, -awfnlly.; "Do not put it off to a convenient season. When you are settled,you say; but you will never be settled. Here we have no - continuing city—oil, remember that.!" - About this timaMrs. Middleton arrived, and Sissy managed to. escape; how -she hardly knew, except that it was not Without a paoting word. She ran down thegarden'tofindPercival. "Oh, dear, how dreadM she is!" thought Biasy ad die fled.j " I do relieve I promised to wrestle in prayer, or how could "it have ,got into my head ? Well, Tm glad it istf fcany Worse.' What would Percival say if I wtrctr giving-those 1 nasty little tracts to the waiters and people, and leaving them about the hotels ?" She found him, and as soon as she: had ja. little reoovered her breath' and her composure, she told him of the interview, mimicking most of it cleverly enough, in 6pjte of a little unsteady laugh which would come at intervals. Perctival, leaning'on the fence, laughed too, in quiet enjoyment rfMrs. Bradley's rasping tones, as Sissy reproduced themforhis benefit. .. " Oh, yes, it's all very finefor you," she said, when her stoiy was-finished, "standing tiiere, smiling, with your hands" in. your pockets, and hearing it all,-now that it'ft ovet." "-But it wsin'tso'pfteasantforyou ? No,poor child." . . : : - ' : - • - - " Nor for Aunt Harriet now," said Sissy. " Good.heavens-! Aunt Harriet is' still in' her clutches! What shall we' do, Sissy ? Shall we "go and make faces at.Mrs."Bradley through the window ? Or raise an alarm of ibre ? Suggest something." "Then PE suggest that I think I -hear her pony-chaise driving, away. Look out by those larches—she must pass there." - - _ - " And so slie does V. he exclaimed after half a minute of suspense. . • " Percival," said Sissy, " the's an. awful woman."- • ' " She is." . . . "But I'm afraid what she said 5s partly trre. Don't you think one ought. to try and do go; d to people? I never have. I'm afra : .d i.'s wrong." . He recoiled in dismay. "You haven't pledged yourself to do gool to me? Sissy, sj eak " Don't be silly. I'm serious." "Then I think I ought to have b3£n told beforehand. Oh, Sissy! so is Mrs. Bra IKy. Be warned in time." " But I mean it, Percival. It isn't that I •watt to do any one any good, particularly," said Sissy, with delicious frankness; " but I'mafrai.l I ought. Isn't it very wiekod not to care ? Don't 3on think I ought to try?" 5 "No, I don't," said Percival. "Ko? Why? - ' " It is sucb a confused business at present,'' he auswertd. "Suppose you set a hundred piople to explain the art of doing good you would get a hundred different ideas as to wh%t was meunt. Suppose I meet a beggar and ^ive l.im sixpence, is it a merit or a crime ? No opinion on the subject is anything like unanimous. So, till they make up their minds—unless I am very much inclined the other way—I think I may as well keep my sixpence; they are handy things. Why should I part with them on purpose to be told that I have demoralized somebody ?" " But, Percival, I don't understand. Oughtn't anybody to try to do good ?" "The people who have avocation," he replied. " The people who, blunder as they will, prejudiced and ignorant though they may be, harm though they may sometimes do, yet rise above it all, and bless tbe world by sheer force of love. If you have this sublime calling—well. But doing good, as popularly understood or misunderstood, is such a horribly aggressive , proceeding. I would as soon go about giving people shocks on the chaHce that galvanism might be good for some of them. Be kind in small Slings; mercifully just in great; try not 'to do any harm. It isn't a vety exaltel ideal, -perhaps, Sissy, but -1 havent got any further yet." " Is that really all ?" she said. " I'm not used to summing up my ideas. Sup* pose I add, Iiook up and wait." u But Percival," ehe hesitated; " If that were all, yon ^wouldn't think so very modi about it < if any one -told a fib." . "What?" he exclaimed. "What can you think of me, Sissy ? Good heavens 1 Why, truthfulness is an absolute necessity, if one " would not despise oneself and" all mankind.' It \- is the very ground we stand on—bare and : uncommonly ugly ooinetunes, I grant yon—but without: it no building is possible. I did not Bay, • Be truthfuL,' and therefore I did not c&re; for tratb!. Yoa might as well declare that ! did • not care for modesty because I would 1 not insult i a woman by telling her to be modest!" . ' j He spoke rapidly : and Mmost fiercely, • bnt paused suddenly as if he had just become aware ^ of it. : "Ihejg-your ^anion,:Sissy,"he said, in ] anAlteredtone. "leant he very calm on that ; subject, I'm afraid.: There: are so many yhams -| now.a-day8, down-to a sham cohtempt of shams." ' Sbe leant against the feace, gaxing at him 1 with frighted eyes. One^iand pressed to «tiH j her wildly beatingbeart, but when he apok^ised ] foriiia v^emence die fsdntly smiled. - • ' .1 "Pm afraid that dreadful old Woman has ' upsetyoualittle,^he^aid,anxiously. ^ 'j Sheracquiesced, and went away: But;if the i truth which-he loved so inuch could have been revealed, perhaps the blame would have rested | on that dreadful yoang nan. - j 