Lc.(r. Cljitrles ffljitriqitg on nuns and nunneries. This gentleman .who has lately been lecturing ;!n different country towns, delivered a lecture in the Protestant Hall, Cast-lereagh-street, on "YVednesdav oveiiinc. ''"..The. Rev.- G. Sutherland occupied the chair, and several other clergyman were on the platform. The hall was pretty full, considering, "the threatening aspect , of the weather. . The Rev. lecturer said, he had not, as far.as he could remember, lectured on this subject publicly before, and his object to night was, not to satisfy the curiosity of the audience, but to show them still another reason to thank God because their forefathers had been delivered from the darkness of Popery. He said that when he was. a priest he had persuaded. 93 Protestants 'to join the Church of Rome, but' he was sure that if they knew what he was going. to tell the audience then they would,, not have given up 'the light for the darkness. He said celibacy was a Pagan institution, and that the priests of 'ancient Greece and Rome were celibates as those of China and India at the present, day are. It 'was a diabolical institution. It came from the devil ; for God had said to Adam, it was not .good for man to be alone; and as His word never . changes, what He said in the Garden of Eden He says now. In Corinthians "vii., Paul says, " I would that all men were as I am ; to the unmarried and widows it is gnnd for them 'that they abide even as I." But he "goes on to explain that he means that on 'account of the troubles and persecutions of 'that 'time, when a man was liable at any moment to be martyred, it was better for him to remain single. He says immediately after " Neverthe-: less, they who marry sin not ; let them marry." "This said positively that it was the will of God "that every nian should have his wife, and every woman her husband. And what did Paul say again ? " This is a true saying, if a man desire "the'office of' a. bishop, he desireth a good work. . . AbishopmuBt bethehusbandof onewife," <&c.; Now the first quality which the Holy Ghost required from a bishop was that he should have 'his wife. The ' rev. ' lecturer ! then stated that "when' he was studying for the ' priesthood- it appeared ' to him froni : a perusal of- the 'Scriptures that they did not ' require celibacy in any man, and he mentioned this to his superior. After reprimanding Kim for studying the Bible so much, this worthy told him that ' Christ had ordered it when he told Peter b'ecarise the apostles' had giyeh' up everything for his sake, wife and : children, father and: mother,' they would inherit eternal life in. His kingdom. ' In "answer to the superior's argument' he read. him the following passage from' the 1st Corinthians, "Chapter 9. " Am I not an Apostle? Have we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as the other Apostles:ahd;as the Lord and Peter ?"; and he pointed' out : to -him' that it was evident ffrom that passage that the apostles not only had their wives but that . they travelled about with them. : Oh, he replied; there Paul speaks of the women whom the apostles used to have With them to wash their linen; (Laughter. ) The priests thus squeezed .the Scriptures in -order to attain their end. Although he had a long discussion -oh the imatter he! had to yield, -anti he felt!greatly .troubled/when the superior told . hint that' in thus ,q nestioning the decrees of the churoh;' hewasas a grain of sand attempt ing to move a huge mountain, or as a drop in the ocean . trying 'to stem the mighty current that 'had rolled on' for ages; He would' never forget the terrible effect it had on him,1 and how frightened ho was when he thought of himself in the ridiculous > position of a grain ' of jsand endeavouring to' move amountain.; Bu'tthis beautiful comparison ' of the' superior's/ was- only: dust thrown in his eyes, which blinded him.. And if he revolted against his church where "would : he land ? He would be lost if he g'ave up his manhood and became a brute, a man without any mahhood, - just - as ' half /- the Romish ecclesiastics were; ; But he pitied these poor deluded men : who dare not resist the mighty powers of Popery. When after- a few years he saw more nf theworkings.'.nf'celibacy. when lie . read, not in Protestant books, but in their own books, that even Popes had lived publicly with women. When lie read the history of Stephen, of Alexander IV., and of Borgia, then he asked himself if .lie was. bound to believe that such corruption was sanctioned by God? One time the priests of Spain were living such profligate lives with; their, penitents that the Pope, with the object . .of .staying the iniquity that threatened to ruin Spain, passed a law that every woman and girl who had been seduced by a priest, might go before an ecclesiastical tribunal and denounce the priest. Well the first day so many came to the house where the tribunal sat, that it could not hold them. Six notaries were employed to take depositions, but they could not attend to a tenth part of the women. They then appointed twenty notaries, but as there was still no prospect of their being able to receive all the depositions, thirty notaries were appointed, and the period for making the depositions was extended from three months to six months. After the six months expired they found that they had still plenty work before them, so they relinquished the task as impossible, and they saw that every priest would have to be excommunicated. Perhaps one in a thousand was pure. This happened in Seville, in Spain, the most Catholic country in the world. Bishop Vaughan will not dare to come forward and deny it. He may send ladies to "refute" the statements, (laughter) but 1 do net care for them. He knows it is true, and he dare not deny it. (Cheers.) P6re Hyacinthe in France says that in that country, 99 out of every hundred priests fall into sin. How is it that the people of France in the year 1792, after haviug witnessed the abominations of the priests and nuns and protested against them in vain, rose one day and, horrible to relate, slaughtered them. They performed what they called "the Re publican Marriage," by tying a priest and a nun together, and throwing them by thousands into the sea. He had spoken to an old priest in the cemetery of Pure La Chaise in France, who had seen this done, and be told him (Mr. Chiniquy) that the profligacies of the priests were far worse than history had recorded. . He then alluded to the shooting of the Archbishop of Paris, and .about GO priests, about the time , of the Franco-Prussian war. He had spoken on the matter, to one of the. officers who was concerned in the shooting, : and ; who: had been exiled. This manwassplenclidly. edu- ucated and could speak ten languages. He (Pastor Chiniquy) askecl him what was the reason of the murder of the bishop and- the priests,, . and ..he. explained that he , was,', a cousin of a nun in a convent iu Paris, and she told him that if they dug underneath the nunnery, they would find something which would justify them in putting an end to such dens of. infamy. On doing as she intimated, they found several cart-loads of the bones of little children, and this so exasperated the soldiers, that they ranged the bishop and the priests against the wall and shot them. The Rev. Lecturer then referred to that excellent work "Mysteries of the Neapolitan Nunneries," by the Countess Carracciolo (a lady whom. he; knew personally) in which she relates her experience as a nun for twenty years, the fear ful extend to which immorality prevailed in all the nunneries she entered, and her own terrible, hardships, because Bhe wonld not consent to live the; debauched life of the rest of the nuns. It Was through this book that the, Italian Parlia ment appointed a Select Committee, to inspect all. the nunneries .named, and investigate the Countess's charges, and their report was, that the nunneries were worse than the book said. There was a cry of indignation throughout Italy, and the result: was that a law was published: prohibiting, an v lady in Italy, from becoming a nun. (Cheers.) The Rev. lecturer then alluded to .the circumstance of a girl in Canada, disguised in the dress of a man, and ostensibly employed! as . a mau-ser.vant, , living with a bishop., and . several priests for some years. The full par ticulars of this scandalous affair are related in Pastor Chiuiquy's book, " The Priest, the Woman, and the, Confessional." Ho also re ferred to the circumstance of a bishop in Ireland, , within , the . last . four , or five .years, having given, five hundred pounds to a girl to leave the country for, California with her, illegiti mate child, of, which he was the father. He had all the facts of this case in his possession and he could let Bishop Vaughan; know the Irish bishpp's name if he wished for it. In conclusion he requested his , hearers to . pray for the poor, deceived Roman Catholics. They had heard a lady Of their own city/tell, her experience in the matters , of the priests, and he could bring a thousand women to' prove that priests have tried to destroy their honour. - He hoped they would1 pray to God to show" his' light to those poor people who had been kept so long in the dark, and' that God's ! promise" to destroy that .church would sooii ; be fulfilled. 'Then'' the angels would sing ' ' Babylon- is ; fallen, 'is'. fallen. " '(Applause.).' " "" '' ' ; ' " The Doxology having beeu sung, the Rev. Canoh All worth 'pronounced' 1 the benediction, and the meeting dispersed; ; 