A_G IIOS1V- STOHY. - Tho MoamiV corrofljiondout of tlio , Riverine. , Herald 6onds'tho foilowiug pfirticulara of n ghostly sotiBatiou ucar tbo bordor to'wu:— About ton inilos from Montna, on tho oast sido of tho liuo, fitauds n dtuimiy houso. This houso has boon occupied' by a parly of dani-siukors ami uftriwiugottj. xnefio mou aver umt about a forluight ago thoy wcro disturbed bv knockiuga ou tho irou roof, nud that upou gottfug.up thoy eaw tho figuro of a woman, whoii ouo.ailtoug tlioir nuinbor put tho quostiou, 4-Whut do you waut MiasusV to .which tbo liguro ropliod Mint sho had boon murdorod near that upot, 'aud that tbo bonos of lioiaelf aud infiuit would bo fouud towards tho ond of tho hut, where tlioy wora placod fourlcon years - ngo by Morgau, tho- uUBliraugor. Ouo of tho parly, who possossod a whip, mado a btriko at tho figuro, whioh did not tuovo. Tbo foUowiug day tho hows sprond, and tho uoxt, niglit a largo party dssotublod when tbo apparition agaiu inado its nppoaranco, aud the vliolo of tlioso persons swoar most distinctly that . thoy saw tho- liguro of a woman, and nothing can indtioo tliom lo think otiionviso. Last night a'dotatchmont of tho Maama polico, Tuuder: comnmnd-of- Surg can t-Vnngbnnpwonout7 = to boo 'if thoro wae auythiug to ho bocu, aud ' there is no doubt if any person liad boon plttytug lurks' ho would havo rocuivod a littlo cold load. Upou tho roturu of ouo of tho polico this morn-- - ing I asoortainod that whilo in tho houso last night a torrifio noiBQ.was mado on tho roof liko tho souud of a heavy hamiuor/whoroupou Iho partjr rtuhod. out of tho houso but could boo nothing. Tho uoiso was ropoatod sovoral tituos, aud mauy of tho party, .amongst whom woro men supposod to bo possossod of oourago, Boomed , very glau ou' tho npproaoh' of tho grby dawn. Tho tuyatory, ' liowovor, _romains tho samo, . aud ahothor parly is to bo. organised, who, to gether with iho polioo, intoud to go outrngain to try and;Clour up tho mynlory. Tho men wlio woro living in tho hut lmvo loft it to tho ghost, and Kono and oampod noar a dam. It kooihh _ romarkablo that tuit'Ly mon should booonto alnrmod, and positivoly avor that thoro is soma- thiug iu it." , Compulsory Soutukfy-Tho Liconsing Dotich of Mngislrutos at-Liueolu had a lmiHouh ease to dooido yostorday wouk, and doubled it hi u curious way. A_piililinnn-nitmn4— ' Wli'ttiLLlay,- _ living at Saxilby -was churgud \vith having " ' " j . ' . clminrid up his wifo — with about a yard's length urobilin — to tlio -wall in. his bedroom from one availing, throughout tlio night, ami till Tour o clock on Iho following aflornoon, to koop lior Trom driuking. Tho ehnrgo wuh .admltlod, and .Mio.U(lvico-rir-jMio-vilIago-(lriitof-pondml-aK-jm;t|- hoation. It was tlio only way sho could ho kept from drinking, it was said. Tho Court said Whoaiioy was . not Justified in what ho had tlonn, but refused to iniposo any poimlly boyornl- Llni costs. Doublcss. drinking 'is a fatal and do- struclivo habit, and almont any puroly moral compitlRion a mnifcould uso to euro liis wifo of it, would ho juntifiablo. Hut if nlavory is lo bo tolaratod in ordor_to guard against intoxication, —and chaining a woman to tho wall for tho wliolo of a night and iho greater part of ft day is ft vory cruel form of slavery,— it might ho tolerated in order to. guard against slander or Jving, -or-any- qthor-vico.— It-waii a-moiislrouB- thuig not lo inflict a lilmrp penally on an act of tyranny ho dangorous. Porhaps, howovcr, tho . fault lay with Iho doctors, -who have, always burnt crying out that thoy ought to havo tho powr-r (o shut up Ylruiikurds at their own will and pica-" sure.— Spttclaior. — t 