Waerea Wagga. September 9. The rainfall which has been so general during the past week came to us on Thursday in a steady downpour, which lasted throughout the day, and continued for the greater part of the night. The morning of Friday cleared up, and the register at this time had recorded 86 points. Saturday and Sunday gave us clear warm days, but on Monday we had again a change, rain commencing about midday. During the afternoon it continued falling — a soft warm nun which, towards night, increased, and fell heavily up to mid night, and at intervals to near noon of Tuesday; up to which time some 60 points were registered. There can be no doubt that this break in the weather was much wanted, as it was evident that the feed that had sprung np bom the rain ot a few weeks back would have been speedily dried up under the influence of the amount of heat the sun is be ginning to pour down upon us. ? Before this will have reached your readers* eyes, our Pastoral Show will have become a thing of the past^-fujly reported in your columns: so that I will not refer further to it here than to say that I understand the sheep exlubitB are making a very good show, and that in the cattle sections there is likely to be a numerical falling off. As the books have not, while I write, been closed, I may perhaps prove to be wrong in this conclusion. I am quite pad. to note mat some of the Sydney houses arc showing an interest in the exhibit ion, as I learn that exhibits of agricultural imple ments and other matters are coming forward from Lasset ter'e and other houses in the trade. I stated in my last week's letter that it was probable (hat a meeting of sheep directors and others interested in the matter would be held during- the show week with reference t ? the new system of sheep-brands fathered by Mr. Bruce. 1 find that it is intended to hold this meeting on Thursday, and that it is expected that Mr. Bruce will be present. The new system is cwtainly not held in favour here, and I believe that the sheep inspector has almost given up in despair the task of allotting in an intelligent way the brands to the several applicants. Mr. Brace's presence may dear up Bome of the difficulty, but I ain assured that it will take more than the ordinary amount of the persuasive eloquence of an inventor to make* the shecpowners in this district take to the new system kindly. A local photographer has .struck out what appears to us here to be a new line in awakening municipal councils to a proper sense of their duties in the way of sanitary regula lations. Some time ago, I recollect, we were told that the distribution of certain photographs lent most material aid to the work of collecting money to assist the sufferers by the Indian Famine. I don't know whether out artist took a hint from this or not, but there is some degree of simi larity to the Indian Famine Fund collector's notion in his move. He has taken several photographs of what may be called some of our standing nr'-minces, disease-suggesting Mote upon the face of the town, about which there has been for a long time a very large amount of talk, with the ?very smallest amount of attempt at practical work in con nection with then). A number of these views are collei.'rl on a sheet which has the printed address at the head ' To Municipal Councillors and Boards of Health,' and with the address the warning intimation of Burns about that re porting ' duel ' whose printed notes were to be so much dreaded. I am afraid this novel endeavour to produce sbamefarcdhess amongst the aldermen ancnt sanitary matters is hardly likely to have much effect, but I suppose we must give the artist some credit for hie little addition to the work of sanitary reform. If our 'Wagga boys and girls ever do get to the happy Grand Duchess trage of doting on the military, it certainly will not be from the expcnen- es we get of the New South Wales Artillery in this part of the colony. The other day we had another of these worthy and gallant defenders of ours making hie appearance before the Police Magistrate as a deserter; and, again, 1 find that the deserting bravo had himself given up his valiant body to the police. As usual in these cases, the prisoner was remanded to Sydney to be dealt with. Let me confess that I &°.n a little curious to know how these gentlemen are dealt with after their com fortable journey bv coach and train to the home or quarters from which they nave been wanderers. For the sake of the public purse it is to be hoped that not many of the force have the strong desire for a country spree which appears to have mastered the two or throe members of it who have honoured our neighbourhood with a visit. It i« not by any means bad fun to be able to take a run in thin fashion now and again, and when tired adjourn to the nearest police station with the assurance of being carefully carried back, without the slightest anxiety ns to the expenses of the jomney. But I would suggest that a good deal of the fun might very properly be taken out of this spree, now not an infrequent one, if a certain sum for .the expenses of the return journey were deducted from the deserter's pay, in addition to the ordinary dose of military punishment inflicted in such affairs. I might say that, after our grand railway demonstration, matters arc rather flat with us just now, and that we are going through the usual formula of clearing away the dead Sowers of our rejoicing — removing the debris of our feast ing, and cheerfully or gruuiblinglyj according to circum stances, occupying ourselves in ' paying the piper' for our merry-making-. And yet to say that things are flat would hardly describe the few days after the banquet, for as one often finds following these public demonstrations, elsewhere than this good town of AVagga, there has been a wonderful eruption of spleen and bitterness in the affair, which has broken out in newspaper correspondence with a vengeance, to say nothing of that undignified exhibition of Ministerial temper which graced the North Wagga platform the other day, during a deputation scene. If your readers do ever meet the local prints of the time, they will learn that we of Wagga are just about as good as any of our neighbours in calling each other hard names, and have just about as much truth in our abusive nomenclature as is usua'ly found in these miserable eruptions wherever they ore found. The Ministers were insulted, yelps one ; the Wagga ladies were insulted, growls out another; the community has been degraded, indignantly urges a third ; and so on and so on. I carnot wonder at the readiness of either Mr. Leary or Mr. Sutherland to believe there was an intention to insult them. As I fitatcd in my letter of a fortnight back, their minds were prepared for insult, by the reply of Dr. Ber lningham to the Demonstration Committee. And so, just as children who are told that some secluded and innocent way is a veritable ghost's walk fear come evil spirit in the rustling of every leaf, just so were our two worthy Ministers prepared to see mischief in the wagging of every swallow's tail that did not happen to be housed under the caves of their dwell ings. Mr. Sutherland felt ; insulted because one gentleman was too warmly advocating some course on the bridge ques tion he did not see his way to pursue. Mr. Leary saw studied insult in -he accidental omission of the courtesy of sending him a boll-ticket, and by some mischance there was a doorkeeper who knew not the Minister of Justice, and so irreverently demanded a ticket or a guinea. The guinea was paid, the charge of studied insult was made, and this, too, though Mr. Leary must have known that the two secre taries, whose labour in connection with the affair was very great, were Mr. Fitehardingoand Mr. Minchin, two gentle men who were among hif? most piominent supporters — Mr. Fitehardingc at the first return of Mr. Leary, and Mr. Minchin at both. The unlucky guinea was returned, Mr. Leary accepted the explanation made as to the hurried dis tribution of tickets, and pocketed his guinea, it is to be hoped, thoroughly satisfied. I gave you fully the remarks at the deputation proceed ings about the bridge matter. The subject, however, most prominent at this interview with Mr. Sutherland was the increase of facilities for trucking stock. Mr. Russell (A. J. S. Bank) pointed out the necessity of having a good supply of trucks, eo that the produce of the district may be despatched speedily. Ho referred to the desirability of opening the line foV goods to North Wagga without delay ; and upon this point elicited the reply that arrangements for the goods traffic would be completed bv the 16th instant. Mr. Abbot (Mort and Co.) and Mr. Badgery (Brunker, Wolfe, and Badgery) also urged the truck matter on Mr. Sutherland's attention : the latter gentleman stating that he was satisfied that stockowners would be glad to pay for the rapid transmission of 6tock, as the loss by detaining cattle thirtv-six or forty hours in trucks was very great. 'Mr. Minchin (of Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, and Co.) and Mr. Swift (of Swift, Hann, and Co., and Swift, M'Carthy, and Co.) were amorigst the local speakers; Mr. Swift complaining of the charge for unloading sheep, which he held to be altogether excessive at 2s. per truck for sheep. This charge was made for loading as well as unloading, and he held that for the latter especially it was unnecessary, as there was no trouble hi unloading sheep, and they were attended by the owners' men, who did the work, the Government men merely looking on. Mr. Sutherland told the deputation that he should have then- several suggestions before him in writing, when they would be attended to according' to their merits. The rain has given some increased spirit to the business of the stock market generally, and hi fat cattle we have a good many buyers from Sydney and Melbourne now making inquiries. Store cattle demand is also showing improve ment. The following sales have Been made by Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, and Co. :— 2300 mixed hoggets, for Houoway and Sons; 2000 ewes, for Mr. W. MTherson. By Mr. K. J. Goodtason (P., R., and Co.), 56 store bullocks, to Mr. W. Angel. By Band and Tompson, 350 fat -wethers, for E. Ashcroft ; and 2000 store wethers, for W. J. Blake. 'By Elliot and Fosbery, 250 stud ewes, for J. Anderson, of Victoria; and for Mr. J. B. Reid, the Glen »riff middle ran, nnstocked. The land office business this week has been very small, the following being the selections taken up :— A. M'Kenzie, 40 acres, county Wynyard, parish Kilgowlie; R. G. GUmore, 280 acres, county of Mitchell, pariah of Vincent, being measured portions 4, A, and 6. 