i OUR ' AMATEUR THEATRICALS AT 'J > BOOLONG-. / He jests at sears who neoeffelt a wound— ROMEO. ( One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, J was when he made his first and only appearance as |an I ) actor at a private- amateur theatrical entertainment at'hia Q own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad i p.rvnnnivArr f.liaf. lio. ivnc linrn In Vin nn nn.loT — fn f.vpnrl f"hr» f boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — -but it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar deb-tit. Ou finding the Melbourne and Sydney \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing . red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at' any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down > at his place, at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having ) scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the thing well and in tip-top ityle. He got together a kind of scratch company, many oE them like himself, raw am- ' bitious amateurs, eager1 " to fret their hour upon the > stage,''iand one or two "seedy outcasts' of the prqfesslo'nj; ) and he. looked forward'- to', the.' production: of his pet play, i " Hauiletjl' himself, as the Priuce, w-ithTuruch excitement, not 'uhall03,ped;\vitli' pleasure. The amateurs-, after about a ) mdhthls iconstaiit rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their k wbrdsfbe'jcre the curtain went up, .but after it did most of i them forgpt them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was l ) intoxicated, and the! King likewise-;. -; Ophelia,. an amateur, k burst.iiitd: a nervous !:fifc of tears before she said a dozen lihesA Banbury was roared at by the local personages who : > assembled to assist at the amateur performance-. But this . was not the worst, for .Banbury .found that when the bills I came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, > and he could not meet them. .'rJL'he fellows,'' he used to say, . " allovyed me to havewhatever'I wanted on credit,, because ; they knew that my, rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- I ist, would pay'them, but I knewvery well he would do no j such thing when' he fb'undr they- were; for theatrical trap- 1 pings,. for;ifthere was"o.ne;thing:,he;held>in . abhorrence it > was theXheatre.". -;"VYhat;was he-tb-. do ? His uncle would disinherit him,. turn him.out of the house he had furnished 1 for him,, and' send him adrift; on the.: world/ \Yh'at was he i to do?' His creditors would not -wait and he- would be a miserable'pauperJ.'vFub; for-' ail this he -did not lose his 1 house, "and his poor uncle's: fortune is in /the bank in his i name; thanks to the timelyaid of on q- who- is- a- friend to the draitui as well as to the rest of tlie world/f who-advanced ' him the needful/ Need we say his name. . ; No;' all know I him! But we may as well rcmai'kHt AwaS the ehampion \ of the distressed, ' ; ' . - A: DAVID HENDRY, of 52 Collins street east, \ Who has from £5to £10,000' tdl end oh., notes of hand, bills : j I of sale (wit.h , or. . without , security),, salary orders, life i policies, certificates, -.deeds. -bill; -'of lading-,, legacies, goods, j ) merchandise oii expectecV remittances, or- on moneys per- . j \ sons may be entitled to from England and! elsewhere, etc., I ' repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. i ) BiUs discounted daily at the, lowest rate of interest, and , V mortgages from 6 per cent. | 