NEWS AND NOTES This days events: —The Blondenettes at the Aca demy. of Music; Batchelder’s pantascope, &c.;, at the Mechanics’ Institute; meeting at Navigators re railway station and post-office; lecture by Professor .Thomas, Mission-hall; .meeting of Builders! and Con tractors’. Association, Mechanics’ Institute, 8. p.m. ' : The hons. the Chief Secretary and the Ministers of Mines and Railways, have, we are informed,.accepted the mvitation bf the ’Lai.Lai Iron Company to visit their mine next Saturday. It is probable that the Ballarat -visitors :will be conveyed to Lai Lai by a special train to start at 9a.m. 'Over 1000 exhibits'have been entered, for the Agri cultural and Pastoral, Society’s, Show on Thursday .and Friday,'the 31st October and Ist’November. The entries for horses are magnificent, and there are over ■ 80 entire" * horses ; entered? 1 , Poultry, dairy produce, implements, and machinery will be largely exhibited. There vyill 'be over 170 coops of poultry, and about 100' dogs of all. descriptions. ..The-show promises to be the.best.held in Ballarat for the last ten years,; ’ '••"It has-been suggested that as-no- two people agree as to the names tef -the variduV islands,’ points, and -Lake Wendoaree,soma-definite And 1 appro. priata title should be officially given to each. As mat ters now stand, M/DflWgthiJglaDd. Claxton Island, 6arde'n; : lalandfi'Percoli£tibn Islaitd, and Mud Island, all given aa tha tjtla’ of one Then a second of the ill- advised constructions rejoices in the uamsa .oLjOustrpction lalandj Danger Island, Gill’s Talandl^mh N MiWor twoJotnwtitleaVjvhich we do not Aemembw. Ali These islendrare inrfi® lake, and can not removtp, be as well sto -We believe that Commo dore tfib Victoria at’rehe dripoSSKotAße lake and gardens committee of the council, and take these gentlemen for a cruise round the lake for the purpose of naming, with some liuhTAlting’ceremomaT; tEe ialands” poinEs7 covepfi6*.^'Trh»suggMtion''iB, r wethi^t,.tt^tfodonet) ■—Tho-Commissioner of . Public —Works, -Mrlj.Jß.. Patterson, to.hiB,oradic,Beema in,earnest in his desirei -to-administer-the Local- Government -Act in its .in-; tegrity, and especially so with respect to the expend!-: tore of shire funds on public works by local bodies through engineers. to Goveffimiiit ab&itoib; of municipal' specific instructions respecting sections 173 a’nd 175 of: the act, and tells them to' see that all vouchers for 1 payment on accounts,,of works ,ase._certified to and signed by duly-certificated bngineertjand also to report' all defaulting shires and boroughs evading the law in respect thereto. This is sufficient evidence of this, it' being air-preliminary step, -'presumably,' fd ulterior' action being taken. Apropos of this, we under stand that an association has been formed by , certificated shire engineers,, as suggested in, 7 bur 11 columns! i, 'some: ; time -ago,} and, it is intended to proceed against certain amateur surveyors for infringing the law, who have commenced “ acting” in that capacity since the statute came into force, while legally qualified ' professional men were available. The engineers think, that they are perfectly justified in this course, for while they seek to protect their own interests they protect those of the rate payers at the same time, a fact which has been de monstrated over and over, again, and they have clearly- the sympathy of 'the' department-And the public with them in this matter. This brings us at once to the conclusion' that! it is'-futile for so many small municipalities, i.e.', small shires and boroughs, to attempt to carry on their works alone. It would,be much (better for . several of .them rto unite into one large district, when it is convenient~to do so, and employ a duly engineer.- for the whole, thus ensuring that their funds would be well and economically expended. Tt is probable.that legislation will bo turned in this direction in any new municipal A meeting of the Charity Sunday~Committee was held on Wednesday afternoon at- the City-hall. Several gentlemen were present, and the Revi’R.T. Cummins occupied the chair. Letters were', read from clergymen and_ others in different parts of the district who are willing to aid in the movement. The secretary reported that he had sent out over 100 cir culars to State school teachers and'superintendents of Sunday-schools, asking them to assist, and his action was approved of. Tt was resolved that TOO large posters should be printed and posted in Ballarat; that all moneys collected should be forwarded to the secre tary as soon as: possible after Sunday, next, in order that accounts might be quickly, closed; and that the' -different ministers should be requested to furnish the morning papers with returns of the sums .collected in tima' for'-publicatiqa in the issue of Monday next. The secretary was empowered to invite volunteers for the work of making charity collections on board the steamers and at the gardens on Sunday next, ahd 'the committee then adjourned. As there ..will be .no .Yacht Club match bh Satur day afternoon, the secretary of the club proposes to get up an impromptu race amongst skiffs and open boats, open' to all comers, .whether members of the club or not. It is suggested to get up a sweepstakes of say 5s each, entries' to' close at Gill’s hotel on Saturday at ; 2 p.m., when, the .competitors can arrange amongst themselves the distance, and whether one or two prizes shall: be given.. If sufficient names are in to the secretary at the Star office,, or Gill’s ■hotel, by- Friday evening- at 6 o’clock,'arrangements will be made to. have the cannon and gunner at View Point to start the race with'customary yachting iclat. Such a race should bring oht rat least a dozen boats, and would ,prove, very interesting to the general public who are given to aquatics. As eggs are now plentiful' and cheap, but will each week increase .in-price, we giye, ,at the request of a correspondent, the following recipe for preserving ' tHem' for'winter use, explaining' ’that the plim is'per hap's the best so' far in use. Eggs so preserved will retain the flavor. unimpaired Tor twelve months, if keptin a cool place, and covered well with the pickle;— Well sifted lime, 1 bushel; salt,-21b; -creamAf tartar, 4lb. Mix these ingredients well together, and stir in water in a wooden tub until the mixture is of the consistence,;of thick cream. . Place.,ia it,,the eggs 'small end downwards), layer, upon layer, and keep them well covered. If the mixture gets less in the tub owing. tP> evaporation add- to it. .-The quantities given are sufficient for thirty or forty dozen eggs, but ■cad* -be ! reduced according to quantity: The fecfeiot is a very old one, but ia hone the'worae far that. Mr Berry mentioned on Tuesday that he expects to have Parliament up in a fortnight. '-'Mr T.‘Wellington started ihe "first-of-the Ijnelof omnibuses he intends' to run-from Victoria street'to cWendouree, fora.trial trip.on Wednesday afternoon. The vehicle, which is•ah exact model of those used in Melbourne) is beautifully finished, and attracted much attention;-: Tt; ran • ■ lightly and well,: and but .for the . .pranks of one. of the, horses. drawing it,. which jibbed the drip: would have’beenall that could be.desired. . ' - - •" , , A branch of, the Australian, and European, Bank was opened here on Tuesday, in the nremises, adjoin ing the Mechanics’lnstitutewhioh have been known for sometime as the Brunswick-hotel; and'which have been ; altered so as, to suit-admirably'the purposes of the, bank. The branch is under the management pf Mr'John'Robson,'a gentleman who has been connected yyith banking business in Ballarat for many, years, and so gathered, a ..large experience, ’wbichbapnbt'prove otherwise than' extremely' useful in establishing a,- new monetary institution in this .community.,,, - , ~ . , , .. . , A red snake was killed the other day near Belfast. This is the'first snake of this color that we have heard of in the colony. . ' ’ At a 1 committee': meeting of the‘Ballarat Cricket Club, held at the Pavilion on Tuesday, it was decided’ to join the Cricketing Association of-Viotoria. . ■' ■Qii;ouit of the surrounding, districts during .this week I find that the farming operations -are ’going .on very well. FaUpwing and potato planting .are being very much carried on, and , in the Springe district there appears to. be more ‘ planting this. season, than ever. The crops are in some ■ instances looking well, more especially,in the Coghill’e Creek part of the district, in fact they are all that could be desired-by the agri-. culturist;, - Green crops, such as peas,’mangolds, &0.,- are to be seen in almost every direction. Pipe-draining ia on many' of the farms being extensively carried out, and-a greaf many other -improvements, caused, I dare say, by the,tenant-prize system, which appears to be Aping a vast, amount of good in this district, as the -farms-are all looking so different from what they were iu former years. ' The late crops are looking very miserable, as the weeds have entirely choked them, and some;' on low-lying ground are turning -quite yellow already.”'' ’ ' .' The Bendigo Agricultural Show held on Wednesday was a-very'successful affair. ' :; A correspondent complains that the entrance to the front seats at:the Mechanics’ Institute was “stinking with fresh paint” on the'occasion of Mr Thomas’ concert. - The Pape-weed is'beooming a nuisance. At Scars dale the very streets (are _full of it, and municipal corporations; should take steps to. eradicate the,, peat. It does not grow with crops, but wherever the ground is bare it springs up luxuriantly, and the very cows’ milk tastes' of it. It can be seen flourishing in its virgin prime outside the National Bank at Scaradale, ■aod-all along’ the main street, and any munibioal funds expended in its extirpation would be welllaid out. : v ; - Anent the diamond drills a scientific writer-'iri a're cent home journal states that “'the so-called diamonds •in ! the : diamohd rock r drills are- in reality carbbmle, a mineral found in Brazil. When first., offered for,sale the price waaTourpence a carat, now.it is from fifteen ,to twenty shillings; These pieces of .oarboniteabeing firmly set in a ‘crown,’ form ; a- drill which, when driven'By’steam; will pierce the very hardest of rocks. According' tb.tha nature of the rock, the progress will Be from one inch to two and a half inches per -minute which in ten hours would.amount, to. a considerable number of feet, The wear of the carbonite ia so small, that in boring quartz, which is ; not a soft, rock, to a depth of, 30'feet, not more than one sixty-fourth of . an inch wopld be worn off.”. . .. . The three gentlemen appointed to investigate the accounts in the estate of Mr James Nicol, produce mer chant; having gone oarefully through, the bobke;have decided to recommend to the creditors' the accbptanca of Mr Nicola offer of 10s in the pound. "’. " • Major Smith and ; Sir John O’Shanassy are in hope less antagonism (saya the Argus) with regard to the number of "Roman. Catholic children attending State and denominational .schools. Sir John O’Shanassy affirms that the average attendance at Roman Catholic .schools, is, over 15,060, representing 20,000. scholars, 'and ‘ that this , number leaves only'8000; unaccounted for; while Major:Smith claims that., there are 72,000 Roman Catholic children who are* either in the State' 'schools or are not receiving education at all, which is an incredible tsuppositiou. --The difference ia not easily reconcilable. - It appears U»at; there is a clause in the. Education Act which .enables the departnjeat to insist upon private schools send ingin returns undo pains and penalties, and Major Smith has promisM that this provision shall be enforced. wea Signs o£ the approaching fishing season, which will open on the Ist November, are apparent in all th dealers’ shops, and among others Mr S. Cohen Sturt street, has just opened a fine selection of artificial bait, besides other tackle. An improved m a fc e !{ minnow has come out this season, being a silver * gold one, as the case may be, jointed down the ba°b so that the curvatures of the fish’s body in the wate are imitated perfectly. We should imagine that theal would prove very killing for perch. “ a .Herald _ sayJt.ia_rumored that the ghost impostor in Richmond has been at h' “frolicsome-;trick's -again, f .Last' night he 'suddenly made, hia appearance among a group of men in Little Lennox street, and though several'bystanders eav* chase, ho managed to get away. It will go hard witP this "wouldibe ghost should he attempt : to play a „. more of his tricks in the same locality, for the re. < dents of. Richmond are determined to try if he b I •of penetrablej stuff,’' and a'number of adventurous youngsters lie in wait , for him- every evening armed with sticks;’’ - - ■' u .. ...The following puff, oblique' appears in Wednesday’s Age;—" Considerable.- alarm .was excited yesterday -ifternboh in the minds of the passengers travelline by the train which left Spencer street at 4.20 p. m . f O , ■Williamstown, inconsequence of whit appeared fobs a narrow escape from a collision with another train at the JNorth Melbourne ' station. -' It appears that the train whiclToughh to leave: Melbourne’for Geelong at 10 minutes past 4 p.m._ was delayed some minutes and was consequently late in arriving at North Jlell \- bourne. The Geelong-train was standing at the" 'North Melbourne station when the Williamstown .train came in. sight, and although the danger signals were displayed the driver held on his course, and ap. preaching the station at a rapid pace, applied the con tinuous'‘break , with which the train was fitted and" pulled up sharply within fifty yards of the stationary train in , front. ■ The, sudden jerk naturally caused great consternation amongst the passengers, as well as amongst those persons who were on the platform. Experts who witne’ssed the occurrencestate that if the train had beeri'fitted’merely with the- ordinary break nothing could have prevented it from running Into the Geelong train and causing a great amount of .damage and probably loss of life,- for - the Williamstown train contained about 600 persons, and the other, although a luggage train, carried some passengers. The conduct of the driver of the Williamstown train in approach the station at such a rapid pace in the face of the danger signals, and whether he was justified in running such a.risk, even with the knowledge that bis train was pro vided with the patent continuous break, will forma subject for an enquiry,” . . ; 'Messrs Palgety, Blackwood, and Cos. have received a telegram.from' their London, firm advising that the exhibition prizes for wool at Paris were awarded to the Ercildoune, Garn'gham, Ksl Kal, and Caramut exhibits. ■ ' . : m The Aryus says:—“ Mr Gaunson indulged on Tuesday in a, prdphetio sketch! of the future. The conference will c'ome.tb nothing! The delegates will go borne to England; the agent-generalship falls vacant in March; and Mr Berry will accept it, and the bill may take its" chance. ; This, Mr Gaunson gives his word, will be the outcome of ! the situation." A veryfinV 'electric light ’apparatus has been con structed for; the School of, Mines; : ,and Mr ! Elude in tends, we believe, to display the light at an early date. ■' On Wednesday Mr Landells, of Staffordshire: Reef who_ attempted to commit suicide by hanging'-and cutting his throat with’ a razor, was brought into the Smythesdale look-up by Constable Allan, of Stafford shire Reef.' . : At the - Scandals' Police Court on Wednesday, the only case set down for-hearing was that of O’Rourke v Maguire, which was settled out of court. . '' "■ By telegram we,learn that Miss Ada! Willetts, who was so .successful. at; -the Town-hall, .Melbourne, last Monday, gave a pianoforte recital at Government house before Lady Bowen and ;a large audience of friends, who were delighted: with her performances. Lady Bowen Has graciously accorded Miss Willetts her patronage. . Emma Laity was brought, before Mr J..Permewan, J.P., at the City Court on Wednesday, and remanded to the Town Court for this .morning, on the charge of s tealing a blanket'and a child’s dress from Mr I. Jonas, of. the. Earl. of Zetland 1 hotel. Bridge .street. It is only a few days ago that .- she was acquitted on a similar charge of larceny at the Earl of Zetland hotel. —A cricket - match -was playe'd on Wednesday on the Don Flat between sides chosen from the Britannia and the Pride of the East Cricket Clubs, which resulted in an easy victory for the former by 32 runs. The total scores were—Britannia, 53; and Pride of the East, 21.- For the victors, the principal scorers were Fahey .19, Hyland IS, and Darcy (capt.) 7; and for the losers,’Skates 13, and J. Noonan (capt.) 6. The bowling of Darcy and Shelley was very effective. A cricket match was played between .the Criterion and the Rising Sun clubs on Tuesday, which resulted in a .victory for’the former by, 11 runs and one wicket. 'A match will be played -on the Eastern Oval on Saturday next between the, B.C.C. .first eleven and sixteen from the Queen Victoria C.C. The following players havebeen selected to play for the Queen Vic toria:—Messrs H.- Harvey, T. Woods, G. Lang-(cap tain), R. Weaver, W.'Welford, P., Norman, J. Blight, R. Bradiah, J. Corlett, B. Haiti, Jno. Madder, J. Burns, J.:James, A. Phillips,' J. White, F.; Wheeler; emergencies, P. - Cookburn, J. Carrol, A, Stevens, J. Buckland, W- Moore. Play to commence at 2 o’clock. ...In the, hurling match to be played to-day between the Ballarat and Biingaree clubs, the former will be .represented by the following:—Dwyer (capt.), Noonan, Maher,: Fitzgerald, O’Brien, Healey, Lawler, M’Kay, Nugent,- Qriffy, Learnahan, - Myers, Tierney, Keane, Moran, Morrissey, - Mack, Hynes, Sheehan, Fogarty, M'Cormick. , The above are requested to meet at the Bakery Hill hotelat 10 o’clock this morning. ■ The first .inventor of the telephone, according to a writer ip the Pekin Gazette, was Kung Foe Wing, a distinguished philosopher, who flourished about the year 876;: and : who called his. instrument- the thumthsein. - Our local mill (says the Creswick Advertiser) is making a name for itself. On Tuesday Mr T. J. Laby received a telegram from one of the largest steam biscuit, manufacturers and confectioners in New South Wales, stating that he “.had tried the Creswick flour by itself, and pronounce it to be equal to any Ade laide, either town or country brands.” Wednesday’s Age says:—“ The projected lines of -railway to be .included in the Railway Construction Bill had npt been -finally settled yesterday, and can therefore not ,be ; clearly indicated. The schedule of lines, however, Is' understood to be of a very compre hensive character, embracing extensions from mala lines through country that has been largely taken up by selectors, branch lines from main trunk railways, suburban railways, and lines that will extend existing -lines ,to the borders of the colony at some points. The whole scheme comprises over 1000 miles of new railways, but only a portion of these can be con structed by the £2,500,000 available, out of the first portion of the loan that will be shortly placed upon the market. The second reading of the Railway Con struction Bill is on the paper for to-day, but it is not certain whether.-the progress made in other business before the Legislative Assembly will permit ol its being moved.” The Attorney-General received a deputation on Tuesday from the Licensed Victuallers’ Association, who were .anxious to ascertain the reason why publicans were placed bn the list of exemptions from serving on juries in the bill, now' before Parliament. The association was afraid (says, the Argus) that some slur was intended upon the trade, and that publicans were not considered ss, trustworthy' as other trades men to fill .the position, of jurors. Sir Bryan O’Loghlen assured them that there had been no such intention, that the exemption was granted as a pubho conveniencell‘and 1 I ‘and was to be regarded as a benefit to the publican rather than injury. His experienca when prosecuting in the country districts had induces him to make this change, as he had found there tba great inconvenience was caused to the public gene rally by the publicans being called away from their business at the very. time that the township was most crowded with visitors.': Rodgers, one of the men killed in the Oriental mint’ Stawell, on Tuesday, was unmarried, and amongst ’ effects were found -bank deposit receipts for slo -j The Chronicle says:—“ The"unfortunate accident.vri have.the effect of suspending mining operations o considerably over a month, to allow of the machinery being again put to rights; or replaced where brow- The accident, it will therefore be seen, apart from maiming and : taking 'away of life, will. ab l o ha from''a social point-of view, inasmuch as the ce j means a loss in- wages alone of about £6OO, heai the fact of the mine remaining noh-produotiya curing the time stated.” - ■ :: An attempt to. commit suicide was made bn afternoon by’'Alfred Hooper, a .young man a twenty years of age.-• Hooper, who followa-the P of ! a ; fisherman;,‘.was with] another man in *j. in’iCorio Bay, some distance frpin the Wgu Without any l warning (says-the Oeelong AowrtwJ his companion, Hooper suddenly seized a largo p , knife and drew it across his! throat, 'causing a de ugly gash, from which a, great .quantity ot flowed freely. The ■ companion of the *? 3n ' t ; a iiy man endeavored to atojjjhc bleeding, and P . succeeded. He had. also to pull the boat to the b | ship, which he reached after laborious ex Assistance was there 1 obtained,‘ : and one of the :board the ship got into the boat and helped to . el l little vessel to the Yarrastreet wharf, which was 'about half-past 8 o'clock last- evening- Ac _ & obtained, and Hooper was .^once..*®? 10 "- the'-Hospital, where *the wound in hiarthroat: weedily sewn up. -The resident.-surgeon pro- WM nred that the 'wound was not of a dangerous n .°“ t er bat Hooper, from the loss of blood, was'in ?verv weak state bn Tuesday night. - The would-be Baicide refused to divulge his reason for ..having attempted to commit the rash act. Viz special 1 general : meeting' of, the and Contractors’ Association is called for this evening' - at the Mechanics’ Institute, A lecture on phrenology will be ; delivered by Pro fessor Thomas in the-Mission-hall, this evening. ; The first rehearsal; for' the, Christmas .cpnoert to le, nven at the Academy of Music wasrheld bh .Wednesri ” tt at Mr Furlong’s residences Dana, atreet.3 About twenty-five gentlemen and ladies'attended, and there every probability that the choruses will be splendidly U ne Mr Furlong states that the solo music will be taken by the' best; vocalists he can procure in Mel bourne, so that the concert should prove a musical 'treat.' ; .. ■ ■ ■■: .!’ The Blondonettes at the Academy of Music, had on lv a middling house bn'.Wednesday night’, but .what the*audience lacked in numbers they made 11 up. in nnlause which was freely bestowed upon the gaily dreseed'troupe of ladies. The ,opehing : night’s pro- CTamme was repeated with better effect than before, Miss M. Whynne and. Miss, L.' Alliaton- being the fayorite performers, the former, for her (.extremely rood singing, and the latter for the vivacity andbgility she displayed as one of the comic’’ ladies of the company- The Hlondpneltea will, appear; again ..this evening. s The pantascope -entertainment was well attended o ‘n Wednesday night,' and loud and frequent applause (bowed that it has hit the popular tahte. ’ Mr Batchel (jer's amusing lecture ■ and Mr Chalet’s very; clever, ventriloquism combine, with the beantiful' and effec tive views presented, to.tapake up an, instructive, and enjoyable entertainment." The usual distribuKori' of valuable gifts was made,' and to-morrow night'prizes will be given for the beat; and; worst: conundrums on the pantascope. The prize for the; best ia a very elegant silver claret jug.' 