-mmi Shis mm. ; : ST TEB ABTH0b4mP '-THE MUESTE OE-THE KILE. .'C T 0 IC3AJ&ER; sr,; . . : i T ... '*'.r * *ANBY 'HEAD. Mary ba&'been a nwjntk at Sandy Head, gather ing straudk.boBidBT t0 &*y, and recovering to ' much o£»6rSp3n.Bi iblobm as ' might efer bere stoiedto her^-whan she was made aware, for the ifirst time, thit ietwebn her father and the Palmers, falter and daughter, taste was a mutual under .staridiipjis reference to herself, that, while as yet she could only, guess it the ofcject o£ it, threatened .to ormthrow' all her hardly-won composure. Peons' o£ a Conversation between Mr. Valmer, J&.&rejBtockaijaiia;!, overheard by Mjeb Phillips, and ispeated to Mary, first set her thinking eerioBSlyon'thts subject. Mr. Greystock's words were:— 'TFe inust try to save her, and to maXe her hippyukBpite of herself. Tou both. inow J always -wished iteo iw; and now that all obstacles are re 1 moved, I &o; hope and trust that wa elioll have no i trouble, in bringing it about.' . Ann had replied ehandTt «I dont know about obstacles being re booted; younE ladies' whimB and tempers are the : gteatest obstacles in my way, for I've no patience ! with them; but I'm willing to be her. friend, i£ 1 bWU let mo, only «omebody else must do their port, and not stand trembling and stammerinp be ? fore »et»i. if she was a queen*: euchetuff! making I her think bo much of herself I' ? Ah Ann Palmer I you would not let Mary love , you whah «he -would! Hies Phillips herself put ' upon these (liBjoioted sentences the only interpreta i t5-D tiwr -wonld hear. They wanted to marry Maty jto«omebody:,whoconlditbe? ? *GooagTftCu-uel iiflryj you Bureiy-wouiuut uo . persuaded to marry anybody you didn't fancy for ! ajsosbead ;' exclaimed Jane Phillips. ' It would I be so indelicate, and such a sin, you know. I wouldn't do sache tiling; !'-? be tors to pieces ' There is somettunff worse than heing torn to i pieCM in tie flesh. Mary did not wonder what or ' vjho was meant. They wanted to marry her to John ' Balmer. How her heart sank again, how .her blood I curdled at the thought ! Alas ! she had bean so \- thankful to feSl herself lit peace with them all ; to believe that jf. bob bad no very dear friend, she hud ; bo enemies ; and now would they let her offwith . out coming to open strife again ? Was there no way of securing the tranquility for which she enved, except this one way'that must destroy all tnmfi'uUitv fnr herself ? .Jane'Pbillips was in some respects an unfit com pMjion lor Mary ; ^wrhaps in ways thai were not disapproved by .those who looked on, Shejwould talk ; and great talkers are lenst cuarded on f or i bidden topics. -, Several times she anproochett ': closely tne subjects that were* nearest Mary's ? taonghts, the sick heartsbriniungBway from them, i tUl^ooEstent ^petition bad the usual effect of :iamUiarj4iag; and then Mary lost all control over rierseWiBier era ring forerary atom of iaforaia i tionthat janel'hillipecouldsupply. Thacommon ? piaee ; girl vu'b mere echo of the most hostile i 'Opinions that had been expressed ; and the bars -facts of themselves revealed to Mary « lower deep 'ihantWtio which her life had already fallen. In -this way the learned that Richard Grimshaw had, 1 .indeed, left Fiilwood to return to it no more ; that liis first act on quitting her was to adopt—take to 'himself, intact acknowledge— tlie child to whom ? ?hehad givenhis name, and whom he bad declared to . be heir to whatever he might possess in the future. I'OI-course there was a good deal of exaggeration on the subject ; an& Jane Phillips was an adept at . that. l Richard Grimshaw waa believed to' hare ?made no .secret of iia natural right to the child; 'sod what acrowd of horrible conjectures followed joubuco on admission I When Mary naa gorged ? .herself with horrors^he had to fight over again the '.hard battle with herself. Lost! lost for ever to iiher— and how lost! But this extreme view of the circumstances ..might . cot remain with Mary as it did with others. It'was much easier for lier to resign him .us she had done than to ignore all the past by be lieving him guilty to the extent that was reported (and credited. She did not Jose eight of the fnet thit Cramford was much given to scandal. Those wh.olisd.a]yrays stood by him had sanctioned his :late proceedings ; and she could not believe ot any nine ot them that this would have been the case . jf they uad admitted any such doubt of hie honour ?and worth to their hearts, . Against this testimony -was «he alone, of all who had loved him, to join the Tanks of his enemies ? Was it not enough tbat she :tad helped to drive him from his home ? ttant she ;liad fallen ftlbm the faith alighted to him before Tier dying mother P that ene had' been impatient, 1 weak, and so apparently worthless that she might . never wholly absolve herself, even in her own ? eyeB P . . ' . When Mary became aware of the design upon .her, she was impatiently bdjIoub to return home; ?not to escape from Mr. John's company, for he had merer made his appearance at Sandy Bead ; but be cause she had a narrow dread of being compelled to withstand .'Ann 'Palmer whiie receiving her liospitolity.' This desire of hers was opposed on -all sides. She had derived great benefit from her ? residence at -the seaside ;-slie was still in a weak \- and low state of mind and body; and Dr. Phillips, -who apprehended consumption, was a strong advo ' cate farrier marriage with John Palmer ; believing tbatsome decided change in her life was seeded to route her out of the apathy and iietlCBBuesa into which she bad fallen. Partly right and partly .wrong, as edviBers always are, they, perhaps, did Mary some good by rousing in her a spirit of resistance. Directly or indirectly. Ann was continually', dragging her brother forward ; bo contriving it, that even where she disapproved ?of hi« doings, the 'impression left upon Mary was favourable. Annisa an object in view now, and she could command her temper, and rein in her usually rampant prejudices, John was attentive in sBndinp flowers and books, the latter selected to suit Mary's knows tastes ; and tlibugh Ann groaned over jtbem and lamented that John himself was too much given to that kind of reading, shs ad mitted that it was no busioess of hers, and that ths sin must lie between themselves. Johs eotild aot'be prevailed upon to come to Sanity Head.flven for* short visit ; end he objected to his father cdmiof* And going ; for Mr. Greystock was the possessor of the house for the time being, end be and his daughter ought not to be intruded on. -Mr. Palmer laughed at this, end said he was all right, for Mr. Greystock had invited him . Mr. Greystock -bIso invited John, and he declined, pleadings 'pressure of business, which Ann said was all 'em.': .Be ought .to come,, because his Health was indifferent, and' he required the eea air, andhadalwaysAeeausedto it at this season, and would certainly «uffer the want of it. Mary might bays guessed the reason why he did notcome,if Ann had notmadsit ep plain. She felt again, how like him it waa^ta be, so thoughtfully kind, so unobtrusive and -considerate 1 HoJ -was right in ? -,beLievine'toatfshB was unfit for any company whatever; but she had no . right to keep bim at Cnmf ord to the detriment of his health, and she again and in vwb -urged a return to J?irbeck. Dr. PbU]iH.aM&-t56k* a*A his ordws.wew to.se obeyed. ?. »- time-passed on ; and Mary had been six weeks * Sandy Head, when one day Ann Paimerretorned beta Haunt sojoimi at Cramford, bringing with her*oewbook— Z&rflemutwo;/ JSi»«. ??S6me poetry staff John -bag sent,' she .said, placing the bookin Mary's hands. 'I wish be'd bring the rubbish himself, end not burden other people's consciences in; way b they dont like. ftawru ofJBapt. he calls it ; I thlii there wont bt^Tjiuch hope for bim if he goea on as he's doing, neglecting bis health and looking white as » ghost Fve no patience with htm V Something hid occurrred to ruffle Ann; she was toojnnchoutottwnpertobideU. Mary was dis tressed, . ? ? ? ?You see, dear Ann, how much better I am,' the tsia, * andit Ib .painful to me ?to'think that I am kBeplng Mr. John Bwsy, I nm Sure I am strong enough; and I-EhouldreaUy like to teturn. toFix ? Ob, 'bother !' said Add. ' that's- saying nothing. Ton must stop here; the doctor saya;ao; and you know youre as welcome as you'd be si home. If you don't feel that, you ought to do.' {?'-Q1 coarse 1 do, Ann ; but why,1 continued Mstj, with s desperate effort, ? why dont you make - Hi. John come.to Sandy Bead f ' \- ? I male him, when he's got it into his head that it wouldn't be proper 1 I say to him, tbe houee is Urge Enough ; you needn't ever intrude on Mary ? but.itjsof bo uie. I sh&U; not trouble myself about iiiminymore.' _^fln»ny If- 1 nave ever Biven the idea that Mr. John's coming here would be an.intriuion on me? Mary «aid, havjng tLout her the uncomfortable feelingof *«% driven into a corner. I ' ;»is . .»i 5C , .......... 'and for goodness' sake, donteverlet him know I|ve ssidMythingBboatit, he'd be so desperately Mary, eeated at a taWe with her head Testing on her hand, /ellinto a at of inasjog. FeaJJn« ovum bb ehe did, she had yet no fear of young John. If aware of what waa going on respectog him Md herself, which she evendoubted, eb; fell qmtesure that ehe would be safer in his hands than jo any other ;that he would not pursue her against ner will; that he would, with his usual delicacy aod generosity, even shield her from the lmportamty of others, when he knew how really impossible it was that she could ever change her present con dition. Thinking all this over, Mary came to the conclusion that Mr. John's presence might even pi-ore a relief to her, so ahe said, presently.— 