—Jt. Jf, in iCatntillau'i Magazine THE END CROWNS ALL. AN'AUSTRALIAN STORY, UY TUB EDITOR. CHAPTER THE FOURTH (Continued.) A MOONLIGHT EXODUS. Outside the gunyah all was silent. • It was only in her imagination Mrs. Muiriiead had heard the sound of foils wing footsteps. No," said George, "there isn't the ghost of a coupd," " Jixcuse me," said Charles JJalliclay, " but as there is evidently something very wrong indeed somewhere, and as it is equally evident that time is precious, tn&F; in this crisis be oven prio -less, will not the ladf, who was once Blanche Evelegh, give to Charles Hulliduy 904 George Fitzroy the key to the enigma ? Wi we both of ue, it mu«t be confessed, ifj but poor plight for knight errantry of liny kind, but, O believe us! what we aim t}o vp yrili do, 'with such stiength and us the fa ten may have left remaining to us Won 1 ); Tye.'Qeorge, old fellow?" " Ay! " cries Fitzroy, " we . will"; ~ as fyegpojfe his glance beamed with a 've defiantly igupring c^rynkenness aud foljpMtday'g ferave »pi.dg qpji (Jeqjrgp'e y'^foyl Jjjep ajjokra wjtji u ph<"(Bfy ref)j p 'flSfis and chivuiruu8 devotion with ^"ibby esternals, Had their ther ,arT0UU ® 8 dld not by uny ' a:,r.„ . . ' waB » n8wer » '< indeed, but breathing un », laanbs 'r»e in the profiered aid. tter confide £?P!. inued ^ ^uirhead ® a n-oraap!8 in8tine; that kniwibg fend' her dreamt half one As f meetnu said, time is priceless. I must leave this place, and at once. I mujst make'Sydney as soon, as possible. I Came here thinking that Gfor—I mean. Mr. Fitzroy—' wouM show me the best rosd to Wallagonnda. It is only forty miles from here, bo at least, I thiuk I hnve heard, and I thought 1 might manage to walk there in two or throe Bights; Unseen of any one." " It might be done," said Halliday. Of course it can," criep George, " I. will go with you, and, perhaps it would be best to start at once.*' * '• ' " George," said Halliday, ''listen for a minute! As I em an old 'friend of this lady, I will presume myself privileged to speak on this matter with somewhat of an air of authority. Mrs. Muirhead," and Charles turned towards her as he spoke, " we don't want to know one single 'iota concerning the why aud the wherefore of - your request; but answer me this plainly, and 1 know my dear old schoolfellow here will credit mo with speatting unselfishly, answer us this, W\J1 George's absence from his flock to-day, to-morrow, and the following day, in any w&y; compromise you, shoul'J it mine', and it must, to the ears of the people on the station ? You are leaving your home, on what errand we do not press for information, but say, will it be wise to leave a clue of any kind, or are ypu quite careless whether there be clue or no ? " " Ha'liday is right," said George, generously. Whispered the lady* very slowly—" I am not safe here, that£is, lam not safe near my husband. I found out that just after subset. I have borne hi* faithlessness, open as his was because, because, O Charlie, you who know what my own part was, know why I could not complain. But when> it came to his plotting to murder me—then I felt it was time to leave him. Luckily, I had money, enough and to spare to take roe away. So I left. Perhaps there had best be no clue: he, or rather they, are capable of anything." : " Gould you walk eight miles before sunrise? " asked George Fitzroy eogerly. "Yes.'? "Well, then, this I believe'will be your beBt plan. Let me think. It iB now Tuesday. I will guide 30U and Charlie to the crater on Mount Delaware, which it< between seven and eight miles from here. We can carry food enough 10 keep you alive for three days, and'you can camp all to- morrow (or rather I should say to-day, for it is now close oq threo) in the (.rater, where is glorious shelter. Having shown you the spot, I will rsturn here and be with my ' jumbuks' as usual. You two, having spelled all day, eon at dusk resume your march towards WMlagoonda, the road thither lying just at the southern foot of 'Delaware. If, during your next spell of travel you can manage sixteen, miles, it will bring you to the Devil's : Creek, where you«an halt for another day, near •running water, in complete security from detection; and then a third march of about the same length will bring you to Wallagoorida itself, in time for the early coach which leaves about an hour apd a half before sunrise on Thursday morn ing." . . "How good oi you, George!" said Mrs. Sfuirhead. "You can't think how your manner reminds me of your brother. Did you guess that I had ever known him very, very well when you saw the 1 X. iJ on this ? " showing him the bracelet. "No! I did not., being stupid you see But Charlie told me 'all about it just before you came in. However, we have no time to wait, are you ready ? " " Quite." " And yon, Charlie ? " " Yes," replied Halliday, buckling his quart pot on to his swag. " Well, then, just one^ minute, and off's the word!", George swiftly and carefully packed up tea and sugar,-sliccs of damper and mutton (tenderly wrapped up in writing paper) and the jar ot" marmalade, within the folds of the possum rug he had given to his friend. .Somewhat fiaily, although the occasion was so sad, he then cried out " March, 1 ." And off they started. j Everything around them was very calm, peaceable, and lovely. The dew glistened in the moonlight. Wiird leafless trees twined their (lead dark arms ogainst the silvery stars Opossums scrambled in the tree tops. A solitary cuckoo ever and again proclaimed his own quaint' name in rich . full utterance to all the ljills Cattle travelling water wards |>assed the tra* vellers in long glimmering ghostlike lines, as they journeyed on to reftige. Above the.'ii were the clear and ever glorious stars, " the forgct-me. nots of the ansei*," one just before then), rod, like a living rubv. Aroun-1 theni was ihe quiet of this shadowing night. And what wiihin them? All me ! who shall say ? •-• Hopes, fears, agonies, such as subtlest psychologist wa^ld be impotent Jo record ? . . T' . WftlfPBt njfrny. wov4? they reached the foot of Mouiit Delawarr, a folpwio hill strewn thick with scoria. Up this they slo wly dotnb. The ascnl was steep, the travelling \iTetcJied, the scoria cutting sole leather with an case only tolerable fo' $ bootmaker. At last the summit was reached, a summit scarped aud pierced basin- like by the crater, which was now extinct us touching fire and liva-flood, but very living with fern and flower and emerald grass. 4V they descended j^e steep f^ea qf the crater, startled (langarobs hurried away froip theip dainty pastures, drumming with dull leaden sound, as their tg;ls struck the ground. Presently the . moon sank, and the " goldeu e|hfl?8tu?ni pf the 4»jn) f V hpgan to lise. ' 1.Then George said "Now I must go. Daylight is here, but on this spot you are safe from detection. . C.ij. lie, lad, tiike the giub. God be with you, Mrs. Muirhead; may .your bfest hones be realized. Be good knight anu leal, Charles Halliday. • Thus speaking, George Fitzroy turned to go; hot We «ie JHufccWe beadseiied hW Whdl j " ''' ' ' " Forgive 'me, Gsorgfv this license," she said,* "once on a time I might have been your brother's wife,' but would not, since I did not cure to litik his Jot with such an one as mine had been. I loved him far too well for that ! You see I was very foolish then. However, will you let that' might have been' be now an fexcuse for my doing to you whit might otherwise seem a grass impertinence, or, at least, uncalled words. Kince my marriage, I have learned a secret. It is this, that we beings of a day are not our own. Will you promise me, George Fitzroy, on. your honour, to read this little book for a short space daily, for my sake. By and bye, it' you do so, you will love to tend it for its own. It will teach 1 you whose you are." George' Fitzroy took the little book she proffered him, saying rather hUakiiy, " I promise, on my Lonour." " Good-bye then George Fitzroy. Thanks I do not utter, because, eooih to say, I canm.-t. God keep you. Whatever may be 6tiid. think well of me." Then followed hurried, spasmodic handgrasps, farewells, lip-whispered, butbeartspoken—and George was gone !- Sa>tly he reached the summit of the mount. • Standing Ahtre a moment, before plunging down into the plains below, he felt the breathing of a breeze springing up from out the :east, to rock the leaves, and wake the birds, and usher in the day. *.-..:' Fitzroy's, homfwafd walk was medita tive. Tne night just fled had had in it so much ol mystery and surprise, What had happened to cause Mrs. Muir-' head's flight, be couldn't.fathom.' . Many questions that he .wou : d have liked to have asked he had refrained from put' ting.. Future correspondence with Mrs, Muirhead seemed impossible. Like ahips at sea, they had met, exchanged courtesies, and parted. As far as. exchange went, the one had got counsel, help, small store of groceries, and so g the other sympathy, gratitude, and New'Testament. Some hour or two after sunrise, George reached his hut, the utter wretchedness of which now struck him with such hideous intensity as surprised, him Whit little it hid ever had for him of pleasantness or comfort, was gone for ever. The bright glare of the sua was offensive to him'. The warbling of the wrangling magpies maddened him H< wanted silence and darkness; and there was the &uu; out-duzzling itself, und here, a merry mob of daws, at high jinks nt-ar his threshold. Taking down the hurdles, he first thought of - heading his flock towards Mount Delawarr, but, on consideration he changed hie mind. ; '"I'll Jet 'em feed on their own beat, as usual. It will b best to be some where about," he said to himself. This resolution cist an- effort. It iWos a little sacrifice , of self, nnd so valuable, as such thirgs are. That day's shepherding was a weary, raaiy.time. The,tree,shadows dwin so imperceptible to their noonday length, and lengthened so slowly to< wards the sunsettiug. It seemed ter cycles Of Cathay." George read fitfully in his gift-book, thinking much of the giver, but com prehending little of the words read though every now and then he would come across a verse that recalled boy hood, Hnd far away days, when flaxen headed he stood bpsides a gentle mother's knee, spelling stories of Him who went about doing good beneath the Syrian sun; '••••• Night came at last, but George's solitude remained unbroken. {To be continued.) 