Nats and Nubbins. The Virginia bell-punch, is not a ther mometer — it is more like a barroom meter. It is said that slidinsr down hill was the direct cause of over six hundred deaths during the last winter. Moral — Always slide up hill. Statistics show that the number of idiots is increasing ; and yet some newspapers continue- to make war on quack doctors. What is a quack doctor for but to kill off the fools ! The manufacture of paper from wood has reached perfection in Canada. The superintendent of a mill up there says i tree is cut down and shoved into one and of the mill, and five minutes later tnere is a neighbor at the other end to borrow the paper. A young man sent 60 cents., to a firm in Michigan that advertised a receipt to prevent bad dreams. He received a dip of paper, on . which was written : ' Don't go to sleep.' ' I say, Jim, if five and a half rods make a peich, how many will make a pickerel ? ' ' You just tell me, first, if two hogsheads make a pipe, how many will make a meerschaum % ' Franky L. was told to watch a cow feeding on the Common. After a while his mother went out to see if her rlai-TiTig wanted relief, but the cow was nowhere in sight 'Why, Franky F said she, '1 thought I told you to watch the cow.' — ' And so I did, so long as she was in sight.' We have a bell in our private office. It is used to call one of our boys with. At least that is the popular legend connected with the article. When we want one of the boys we ring the bell, and then go out in the back office and hunt him up and tell him of the fact. It always pleases him to learn that we have been ringing. A man saw a ghost, while walking along a lonely highway, atmidnight. The ghost stood exactly in the middle of the road, and the wayfarer, deciding to investigate, poked at it with his um brella. The next instant he was knocked twenty feet into a mud-hole. Moral— Never poke at a large white mule when its back is turned. A Connecticut editor shows his familiarity with agriculture in the fol lowing : — /' T is wheat to n-oat the pro-grass of the approach of spring. Onion-der hills and meadows nature is been arrayed in all herb beauty. The farmer manifest corn cider-apple zeal in his effort to secure early field crops, while the gardens, with t-hay-4: radish ional work, are being carefully attended to.' A sharp trick for custom was plajed by two San Fsancisco hackmen the other night. As a theatre audience waa departing they stationed themselves at the door with large and open um brellas. Without stopping to investi gate, those who had umbrellas put them up, while those who had not put handdkerchiefs oier their heads and broke for the carriages, and the enter prising Jehus drove oft with full fares. The Need of Pronouncing Dis tinctly. — Guest at Hotel — I want to get up at eight o'clock. — Hotel Clerk — Want what, sir? — Guest (emphati cally. — I want to get up at eight o'clock — Hotel Clerk — We haven't any such fhing in the house, sir ! — Guest (an grily). — What do .you mean, sir I — Clerk. — I mean that we haven't any such thing in the house as a 'potatoe- clock. 