NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—Woodroffe’s glass-blowers at the Mechanics’ Institute; “Arrah-na-Pogue,” at the Academy of Music; special meeting of Ballarat Cricket Club Committee, Pavilion, 5 p.m.; meeting re central (bowling green, Craig’s hotel,'' 8 p.m.; 'entries draw for the .Trawalla.and Langi-Kal-KalStakes, Craig’s hotel, 6 p.m.; concert at lodge room 6£ Order of St. Andre wV3.C. £ ■ : ‘ : \- Pressure on our'space compels us to hold over our leading matter and several letters.. : .. . A .meeting, of ..those interested in ihe sale of the Camp Reserve frontages' to Lydiard street was" held at the George hotel on Monday night, seven gentlemen being present. . Mr, E. Y. Grabble was, voted to the chair,- and .resolutions .were unanimously.-, passed affirming - the- desirability of cutting - up the reserve into business sites, and the undesirability of the City Council. erecting a market on the portion of the reserve just set apart for that purpose. It was'also decided to get up a petition in favor of the sale of the frontagea. and : present it, along with 1 the resolutions carried at the meeting, to the Minister of Lands as soon as possible, Mr Forster stating that he would in form Mr Lbngmore of what bad taken place to-day (Tuesday), as he would be in Melbourne then. • Anenquiry/into . the , origin of the . recent fires at Cohen’s hotel and restaurant, Lydiard street, was held on Monday at the George hotel, by Mr Thomson, P.M. A jury was etnpannelled, and from 11 a.m. until 5 p.m.. Sub- inspector-Bibington was occupied examining wit nesses. Nothing; was elicited to show how anyone of the -four. iMt . fires were caused, and the jury re turned an: open verdict. Much sympathy is expressed for Mr and Mrs Cohen, who have been put to terrible anxiety and much expense by these myterious' fires. • The insufficient means of egress from the Mechanics’ Institute ball was brought under -the notice of the City Board of Health on Monday, when the health inspector was instructed, to report on,the matter. Three additions 'to the' zoological collection at the. Botanical .Gardens, received or promised, were acknow ledged by the City Council on Monday, consisting of a four-homed ram, presented by Mr J.- Clarke, of Mount' Emu; a wallaby, by Mr R. Raker; ‘and a mbpoke, forwarded by ah unknown donor. “ ' . Anumber of unemployed ratepayers, in. the' City, have been worrying the mayor'for work) l and, con vinced of the destitution of, several of the .men who have applied to him, that gentleman brought the matter under the notice of the City Council on Mon day, refening the question of .finding employment for .them to the.consideration of that, body.; Cr'Clnxton said that .every mayor had.to put up .with trouble of this sort, especially during the winter' months, and no remedy had yet been found for'the state of things complained of. After some discussion on the question it was left to the mayor and works committee to bring up a report as to whether any relief could be afforded to the more destitute'ratepayers . who were out of work, - >.-• . ' The footbridges in some parts of the city' are'being ■ tom up and carried away piecemeal to - a very large extent, according to statements made at the meeting of the City Council on Monday, and the inspector of works expressed bis belief that some families'' used nothing else but portions of the- footbridges fur fire wood. Under these circumstances it was resolved to call the attention of the police to the destruction of ; the bridges. ... , , Cr Claxton moved on -Monday at the meeting of the City Council, that £5O be .spent in, procuring a supply of English pike from home, Dr Whitcbinbe, who is about to visit Europe, having kindly consented to secure'the fish or ova when in England, but no seconder could be found for the -proposition, which was withdrawn. On Monday Mr Coroner Hopper, of Carngham, was much better, and his medical attendant pronounced him out ef all immediate danger. . There is every probability of a contest taking place for Ballaratshife so far as the west riding is concerned. Mr A. Findlay, J.P.,-has announced bis intention of contesting the seat against; Cr. Rennie, the present member. .... A highly successful “ Silver Readings" was given in Christ Church schoolroom on. Monday night, in aid of the library fund, when the following programme was rendered with good effect, Dr Craig being in the chair;—Part, 1. Overture, Misses Clegg; song, -Miss Lights recitation, “ Tod late,” Dr, Craig; duet, Mrs Webb and Mrs Elliston; reading, Mr.Hogg; song, “ With verdure clad,” Mrs Elliston; piano solo, Miss Schulze; reading, “Moscow,” Dr Craig; .part song, “ Friar,” company; piano soloj Miss Claxton. Part 2; Piano-duet, Mr and Miss -Claxton; song, Mr Hogg; reading, “The ghost,” Dr Craig; part song, “Minster bell," company; song, Miss'Light; 'expe rimental address,' Mr Barnard; song, Mrs Elliston;. piano solo, Mr Claxton. It is proposed to hold the readings monthly. Owing to the mis-delivery of our parcel yesterday by the driver of Cobb and Co.’s coach, our subscribers in Smytaesdale and surrounding districts were unable to receive their papers, in many instances, during the day. The parcel that should have;.been '.left for- the districts referred to having been left for, Haddon at [ the Banner of War hotel, and our contemporary’s parcel for Haddon substituted and. taken to : our office at Smythesdale, accounts for the delay. The following members of .the City Board of Advice received notice from the Education Department on; Monday that bn-the 10th Augutt next their three years' term b£ office will expire Messrs Maconochie '(chairman), Whitehead, Stewart,. Picton; and, Ross (correspondent). The other membere—Messrs Mac farlane and Mills—were elected after the others, and therefore remain in office some time longer. A laborer named John Kelly was admitted into the Hospital on Manday, suffering from severe burns on his legs and smaller ones on bis hands, .which he received in Bungaree some days back in a way he cannot account for. His own statement is, that he was in a field where some logs were burning, and also that he was sitting before a fire at Henneberry’a hotel on the North Melbourne road, but how he got burnt he does not know, the presumption being that he was drunk at the time ho met with the accident. We.leam that'some twenty-eight meetings have been held, 7000 persons addressed, and 5000 tracts distributed in Ballarat and neighborhood by the Australian Buah.and Goldfields Missionary, Mr Camp bell. . A number of our citizens have handed to, that gentleman some small donations in aid of his' useful work, and after deducting all expenses (which have been heavy).the cash balance in hand amounts only to £2 12s 9d. We shall be glad to receive at this office, (within a week) any donations which- may be sent to us in aid of thismission. At the City Court on Monday Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Lewis and Shoppee, J’s.P., presided. Six drunkards were dealt with; James Antcliffe, for habitual drunkenness, was sentenced to twelve months’ imprisonment, and for stealing two bookmarks from Christ Church to three months’ imprisonment cumu- lative on his former sentence; and Robert Sherlock, charged with wife desertion, was remanded- to: Moo- roopna. An influential deputation waited on Mr -W,. D. M‘Kee on Monday, and presented him with a numerously-signed petition requesting him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for election for a seat in the municipal council of Billlaraf East. Mr Macaw, J.P.,' presented the' petition, and urged Mr M'Kee to accede to the .request; but, while thank ing the deputation for the honor done him, Mr M'Kee said that he could not at present find the .- necessary time to devote to tbs duties of the position. ' ' The returns on the Victorian railways for the week ending 18th July were £19,177 12s lOd, as against £19,381 16s 2d for the corresponding, week of last year. .. A very Ingenious, though, dishonest, trick was played upon a Ballarat hotelkeeper a little while since by a party of woodcarters. These sons of the forest were, in the habit of bringing in a .whieky keg'now and then, and with the money received from the sale of their wood purchasing four - or five: gallons of, whisky, and taking it back home with them. ' On the - occasion in question our wood vendors were unable to sell their wood, and it being imperative that' they should: take back some whisky with them, it may bs imagined that- they were at their wits’ end to know how'to. achieve their purpose, their .’credit being'worth nothing. : consultation .was held,"and long faces were pulled, till one genius hit upon an idea, which his companions heartily endorsed,-and persuaded him to carry, out immediately. Going to the neM&t; street tap tba leader pfj gallop into the keg, and jthen marched with a bold front to a worthy bpnifapaj demandiugJ;two''gaironB p! whisky. No sooner-asked than jrep&iVed; tike spirit was put into the customer, nodding familiarly, said, “iPut itribwn to “ replied the 'publican;? “I want the money now;” “Then take the whisky babk|” returns the- wood-’carter, and out of the keg'- thc-%laridlord:xppured - into' his own cask a couple -of gallons of whisfty’ahd water, the wood carters marching off gaily with a gallon of liquor in .their keg, of which two-tbirda was. whia Itis,kaown (says the, ApeJ,. that, prior to.the depar tura‘ if Sir 'Ar’lhiir .Gordon from'yioto'ria'ha'qfated his .views upon the New- Guinea annexation'question. As New Guinea was,so .near to AuatraliapEe'thought' jt ought to” bo'' under the'jiamif Government, and would, upon /his arrival. in._ Eagladd, adviaa''hec Majesty’s Government to 'annex' that island to the British Empire. A Portland telegram’in the Telegraph says:—“ Wm. Dutton, the great whaling celebrity, died on Saturday at his farm, Narrawong. A large concourse followed the remains to their last resting-place at the Narra wong Cemetery. Many of the visitors were from Portland,’'(teri.'-- : milOT|dia&tit.; Dutton first visited Portland in 1830, and on Mr Hehty’s arrival in 1834 Dutton assisted him to land. It is proposed to raise subscriptions to erect an obelisk in the South Portland Cemetery, where 'it’. ia 1 hoped’his' remains may be finally deposited, instead of allowing them to remain in an unfenced cemetery.” O ■ 2 Bad shillings are stated -.by the Advertiser to be Father common in Geelong at present. j, We (Creswick Advertiser) have reason to know .that many of the members for the mining districts in Parliameut.ara far.from. satisfied, .with the way in which'the‘Ministry dealt with the'vote for prospecting. They have decided to have no more caucuses or depu tations on the question, but arranged that Mr Brophy should give - notice 'on ‘ Thursday last ' for the sum of £40,000 to be placed on the Supplementary mates for the present year, and they will divide the House upon,it.if necessary, to let. the.-miners see.who are for it, and who against it. This amount is Alto gether independent of the £20,000 voted last year, . We CTelegraph) understand that the despatches received by his Excellenoyby the last mail are not of an important nature. The Secretary of State inti mates that he had not received the opinions of the law officers of,.the Cro.wn.on, the points referrs'd to them in connection with 'Victorian affairs. The rumors,-therefore, which-have-been current concern ing the despatches being “ the reverse of agreeable,” and to which we referred on Saturday, are without foundation. , The Argwi says:—“The new loan the Government : are’ about to propose to Parliament !is likely to be of not less than eight millions in amount. Botween five and six millions will be required for new railways, and the balance will be absorbed by the purchase of the; Hobson’s Bay Railway property, and by the public works which the Government propose to proceed with./ It-willl riot be'/ieoeasary the whole of the loan at once, but for obvious reasons the New. Zealand;, precedent/will hayp-to be -followed,, and a portion of the money asked, for at .one time, and the balance at another. ' The expenditure of the money iffspr-ead oyer a :term of -years, and/the;Government. in all such cases have to make’arrangements'with the banks to callow;.’interest .on., the deposit, or else the loss consequent upon the payments to the debenture-'’ holders'would ,be enormous;: Wo/have.’borrowed of late at a little less than 4J per cent., and the banks have allowed 4 per cent.' interest, .so that the cost has been.small.-: Bub tho banka are -not .willing to take more than a certain sum : on these terms, and upon their readiness to receive the deposits depends the ■limit of the, loan. . The -amount ( asked.,for in the first instance will be £4,000,000.”. ‘-J ? f .J. We (Argus) have received from the Melbourne and. Hobson’s Bay Railway Company their balance-sheet and general account for the half-year ending 30th June last. . The; figures are those published by Mr Lyell in his statement which appeared in the Argus of Thursday .last.- 7 The grosa'.'reoeipts for the half year were £95,232, the expenditure was £51,649, and there was a balance-, of £43,583' gross' profit/ The interest due ori debentures was‘£l2,3o2 10s fid, leav ing a sum of £31,231 7s 3d divisible among the share holders, which is about equal to 12 per cent, per annum.,:.,, i. v.-rr, -n We ( Telegraph) understand that another caucus of Ministerial supporters' will be held before the Assembly meets on Tuesday,; The object will be to try and find some means of placating,.or, it that-be found imprac ticable, of gagging, those members of the majority who will not discuss the question of the purchase of the Hobson’s Bay Railway in what Mr Berry chooses to consider,a “reasonable”manner., To stop the bold and ’bitter ’ tongues I 'of -Mr A. T.'Clark-,'Mr Gaunson, Mr Andrew, and others, the Government would not hesitate to adopt “ the gag” of Sir James M’Culloch, 1 which they have so vehemently denounced; but they are not by any means sure that a majority of those sitting behind them would be courageous enough to vote for it. It is doubtful if a division on the ques tion will be obtained this week. Our readers are reminded by advertisement that tickets for Mr Charles Clark's farewell' lecture on “Macaulay”, can now be obtained at Bardwell'and; Beauchamp’s,' where balcony seats can also be. reserved. .p ; - r , Wp are requested to draw attention to an advertise ment 'in -bur 1 columns - referring toMadame’ /Tasca, K.S., R.A.M., the eminent pianist, who will give two concerts in the Academy of Music, on Wednesday and Thursday, the ..31st instant and Ist proximo. ■ This lady has been' most,, successful before ‘Melbourne audiences, and will be assisted here by Miss Christian, R.A.M., Mr S. La'mble,'basso,'and Mr A. Flumpton, the well-known composer. • T' -‘• 'i i ; ; ■ Woodroffu’s glass-blowers had a very good house at the Mechanics’'lnstitute on Monday night, when the. exhibition seemed to give great pleasure to. the spec tators. Mr Woodroffe’s lecture bn the steam- engines was warmly applauded, and at the conclusion of the entertainment a large number of handsome gifts were distributed among the spectators, who had witnessed ■ many' of them'being 'made during the bva'iiing. ys Referring to the advertised, nominations, for a seat on the board ot, management ,of the Ballarat Woollen Mill, a further notification will be found in bur adver tising columns this morning. Municipal ribtioes in' connection -with the annual elections of councillors for the various shire councils will 'be' found in onr advertising columns. ' 1 ' A pominittea meeting of the Ballarat. Cricket Club is called for this afternoon. ' • 