MUSIC AND DRAMA, I There has certainly been no lack of amusements during the past week in Sydney. Besides the three theatres and the Rev. Charles Clark's lectures, there have been Marionettes, Ghosts, and a host of smaller divertisements . Theatrically the chief event has been the production^ the Victoria Theatre of Shakspeare's *' Henry Vlll.' As is well known the accepted stage version considerably condenses the original. The two last acts are entirely omitted, and the rale of Cranmer virtuallv excised, thereby dealing simply with the fall of Wolsey j and avoiding anything more than a passing allusion to the reinstatement of Cranmer in the royai| favour. The drama closes with the death of Queen Katharine, at the end of the fourth act, which is not in the original, and to finish with effect the dream scene of the ill fated Queen is made the prelude to her death on the stage. Those who have carefully studied Mr. Creswick as an artist in his previous representations can hardly have failed, ttiver consiuerauie «x.perieui» ui. xjuj giMi ubuivmui; jwntio, to have formed the opinion that his great strength lies in his elocutionary power, commanding presence, effective gesture, and wonderful facial expression. It is in the strong pathetic passages, or those where bitter satire or irony is employed, that he shows himself a master of his art, and violent declamation or intense excitement is in his handls less effective. If any character could possibly bring out his strongest points, it is* the very one under notice. His proud and haughty bearing, and the cool and crafty demeanour he invests the character of Wolsey with, in the heyday of his power, are perfect in their rendering. He is plainly playing with the characters about him as mere puppets, 'and the unprincipled and scheming monarch is a mere tool in his hands for tho furtherance of his own ends. Plastic to a degree as he makes himself to appear to the King, he never cringes to or fawns on him, but with con summate subtlety hoodwinks him from the outset. When through his own negligence Wolsey passes into the King's hands those very papers which reveal his own hypocrisy and duplicity, and which bring him io ruin, he faces the blow with stoical fortitude. He does not treat the result as if he had gambled for a large stake and had merely suffered a reverse of fortune to which he knew he was liable at the outset, but as having played a cool and calculating game of skill in which he has been defeated by his own error. Here is where Mr. Creswick's delinea tion of the character comes out in its grandest form of con ception, and where he outstrips so many who have dealt with the character of Wolsey before him. The man is crushed to the very dust, but the spirit is as bold and the nerve as firm as ever. The whole of the third act was really so grand that it is a pity to excise portions. As an elocutionary effort, the interview with Cromwell was in point of pathos exceedingly fine, rendered perhaps more telling by the sudden change of bearing Wolsey assumes after die scornful and contemptuous mien he has exhibited to the nobles who came to claim from him tbe Great Seal, the emblem of his high office, and to taunt him with bitter malignity under his downfall. Perhaps in these two scenes Mr. Creswick exhibited his greatest powers, and, as before stated, his strongest specialities as an actor are brought out in them ; but in the earlier ones, while the dialogue is mainly left to other characters, the play of his features as he calmly sits listening to them was a study in itself. The character spoke out, and the soul of the man clearly exposed itself. Excellent as Mr. Creswick has been in several of his previous impersonations, he has not appeared in any character which he treats in such a masterly manner as this, nor has he essayed one which so thoroughly suits him. In many passages, the memory of Charles Kean passes across the mind of the auditor ; and the tone and inflections of voice so assimilate that to close the eyes and listen is to make one almost think it was Kean who was speaking. So many of the audience made this remark on Saturday evening that it may be mentioned as a singular coincidence. Miss Bowring, as Queen Katharine, gave us perhaps the best delineation we have been favoured with by her. Whatever trifling lack' of power she may exhibit occa sionally in any strong situations, she is never unnatural, nor does she strain for effect. Her scene in the Court, when she braves Wolsey, was admirable ; and with the fore knowledge that her faithless husband had meditated taking advantage of a quibble to divorce her from his bed, and depose her from her regal position, she met the situation not only with honest indignation but scorn and oontempt. She was so effective in demonstrating these expressions, that her exit, where she treats the Court with supreme derision, and sweeps out with disdain, unheeding the summons to remain for trial, was so effective that one burst of enthusiasm came from the audience which for a time rendered it im possible to proceed. Mr. Bartlett played King Henry ; Mr. Carey, Buck ingham ; and Miss Austin, Anna Bullen. It is impossible, however, to refer at any great length .to more than the two principal characters, viz., Cardinal Wolsey and Queen Katharine, save in a very incidental way, owing to the number of them; but it may be here remarked that during Mr. Creswick's engagement the whole company at the Victoria Theatre have greatly improved, and the manner in which they supported him in this very difficult drama was most creditable to them and the management. On Saturday evening, Mr. George Darrell's latest play, entitled ' The Struggle for Freedom,' was produced at the Theatre Royal. According to the plot, briefly sketched, Lord Marsden (Mr. Rainford), an adherent of the Young Pretender, has a daughter, Lady Blanche (Mrs. Darrell), who is married to Sir Ronald Eversleigh (Mr. Darrell), a Royalist officer. Important despatches are brought to Sir Ronald, which he leaves in his study ; and during his brief absence Lord Marsden comes in disguised to see his daughter, and she, fearful of his being found, hides him in the study. Sir Ronald retunung finds that the despatches have been stolen and the room is empty. Lady Blanche confesses that she had hidden her father there, and is overwhelmed with the idea that he was the thief. There is a long struggle between love and duty as to the course to be pursued, and Sir Ronald is writing to report the loss of the papers, when Colonel Riley (Mr. West) arrives, considers the explanation unsatisfactory, and arrests Sir Ronald as a traitor. He is conveved on board the ship Dreadnought, and is visited there by Dr. Blair \Mr. Welsh), a sort of guide, philosopher, and friend to the Eversleigh familv. Dr. Blair, in a sort of parable about a supposed person called Ainslev (who had been inthe predicament of Sir Ronald), gives him the hint to throw himself out of one of the portholes of the ship, when he will be picked up by his friends in a boat. Sir Ronald takes the hint, and jumps overboard accordingly. He is pursued, shot at, and, as is presumed, killed by the men in the ship's boat, though of course he is rescued by his friends in another. Act III. supposes a year to elapse, and Sir Ronald, in disguise, is serving as a non-commissioned officer in a Royalist regiment. Here his wife finds him ; and it appears that Colonel Riley, who was an old and rejected lover of her, promises, upon her marrying him, to obtain her father's freedom. She dissembles, and gives her consent ; but Sir Ronald, to whom she tells her motive, is slow to understand the state of affairs. Meantime, ke is discovered by Colonel Riley, who, to get rid of him effec tually, accuses him of being an adherent of the Pretender. Then comes General Clayton (Mr. Elliott), who investigates the matter. Lord Marsden, after a narrow escape of being shot, produces the papers, and shows that Riley was the instigator of the theft for the purpose of ruining Sir Ronald. The innocence of the latter is established, Lord Marsden is pardoned, the treachery of Colonel Riley is established, and he is led away to execution. In the develop ment of the plot, Mr. Darrell has employed as many- sensa tional elements as could well be used. There is a running fire of musketry throughout the piece; exciting sword combats occur here and there ; and the heroine is kept in a constant state of distress, except during a 'grand characteristic dance by the whole of the characters,' which enlivens the Camp scene. It will be noticed that persecuted virtue is made doubly triumphant in this play, inasmuch as Lady Blanche recovers both husband and father, while there is but one villain to be punished. The author has, however, happily restored the balance by making Colonel Riley a compound villain. There areas it seems to us but two really good characters in this play — Lady Blanche and Dr. Blair. Sir Ronald himself is rather stupid, there is nothing but the conventional stage villain about Colonel Riley, and nothing at all noteworthy in Lord Dr. Blair, however, . is a good character, combining an honest and sincere heart and true devotion to the Eversleigh family with a groat amount of Scottish caution and shrewdness. Mr. Welsh pla«4& ft' very fairly. Lady Blanche has the fine part, and Mttt. Darrell did it justice.- . She jpourtrayed well the prmtraT between filial love and- devotion to her husband, which form the two elements of the part ; and withal she wag thoroughly ladylike in manner. The other characters which help to make up the dramaare taker to Misses Mel ville and Oliver and Messrs. South, Hasfcer, Leston, Carey, and Green. The little they had to do, and it is chiefly lor, comedy, was sufficiently well done ; and indeed with the acting all through, there is no fault to find. Mr. M'Lean, little Master M'Lean, and Miss Melville obtained anbneore for the dance introduced. On the whole, though 'Ths Struggle for Freedom' makes a good Saturday night's play, and may please pit and gallery, we cannot it the happiest of Mr. Darrell's efforts as a dramatic author. The drama was repeated on Monday and Tuesday ; but on Wednesday we had ' East Lynne,' with Mrs. Darrell in the dual pare, and on Thursday night Mr. Darrell took his fare well benefit. Mrs. Scott-Siddons, assisted by an excellent dram&tio; company, opened a farewell season at the Queen's Theatre, on Saturday night, with Mr. H. J. Byron's successful ? comedy ' Our Boys,' which has been played uninterrupt edly at the Vaudeville Theatre, London, since the 16th of January, 1875. This plavwas produced in Sydney soma time ago, by the Lin gar d Troupe, with Mr. Horace Lingard in the character of Perkyn Miadlewick, but its success then was by no means extraordinary, notwithstanding that the principal character had so clever an exponent. The play was put upon the stage in a most .effective manner, the scenes, which are all ' set,' being arranged, with excellent taste. The part of Mary Melrose was t&Ken; by Mrs. Scott-Siddons. There is nothing in this character requiring any great histrionic ability. It simply represents a pleasant, engaging, and vivacious young lady, who goes half-way with great alacrity to meet the advances of the bashful young Champneys. The scene in which this young gentleman makes his avowal of love to Mary . is one of the best things in the play. Mr. H. Flemming, who had the character of Talbot, was very successful with it, and had apparently devoted great attention to its study. Mr. William Andrews, who was the retired butterman, was altogether i n his element. His vulgarities in the presence of the sensitive aristocrat were full of fun, and his acting throughout was decidedly good. Sir Geoffrey Champneys had an able exponent in Mr. C. Mortyne, as had also Charles Middlewick in Mr. C. Hollo way.' Miss Constance Deorwyn, as Violet Melrose, was an admirable coadjutress to Mrs. Scott-Siddons ; and her sister, Miss Alice Deorwyn, made up excellently well in the character of Belinda, the 'slavey ' at the boarding- house, on the third floor of which ' Our Boys ' were found by their parents; All the artists had a flattering reception, and the play has since enjoyed a successful run. The Marionettes and Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost d la Pepper have done a fair business, the one at the School of Arts and the other at the Guild Hall. A benefit concert was given the other night at the Temperanoe Hall, in aid of the widow and children of the late Mr. Henry Timms, formerly theatrical librarian. The programme comprised songs, duets, and trios, & c., all of a light, cheerful, and pleasing character. Considering the object of the enter tainment, criticism is uncalled for; but, in fact, any criti cism would be favourable rather th&n; otherwise. It is a long time since we have had the gratification of hearing so many fresh and pure voices at a concert, or more promising material for thorough musical education. The vocalists were Mrs. Gray, Miss E. A. Foxall, Miss Powya, and Messrs. Foxall, Whiddon, Parkinson, and Godfrey. Mr. W. Biggs acted as accompanist, and also played a pianoforte solo. Although not strictly belonging to this department of the Mail, we must refer to the return of the Rev. Charles Clark, who commenced his series of lectures on Monday night at the Masonic HalL His subject was ' Westminster Abbey.' Mr. Clark's reputation as a lecturer of the highest ability is too thoroughly established to need eulogy. He is known and appreciated throughout the colonies, and, so far as we remember, all his addresses are much above mediocrity. On his appearance last Monday night, for the first time since his return from his Amencan tour, he was received with hearty applause from the immense crowd which filled the hall. His lecture was new, though the subject is old. Westminster Abbey has been described and lauded over and over again; but the subject is one of which no Englishman has ever tired or will ever be weary. It contains far too many associations connected with English history, and with name3 which are most distinguished in arts and arms, and in the ennobling pursuits of philanthrophy. Such a sub ject is one which Mr. Clark is well able to deal with, and he described the old Abbey and its memories wjth all the fervour of his poetical genius. We have not space ta follow him through the wholedetails of his admirable lecture. It must suffice to say that with his peculiar ability he selected just those topics which he could impress most thoroughly on the minds of his hearers, and illustrated them with force and beauty. Mr. Clark's manner and style of delivery have not materially varied since we last heard him in Sydney. He has still the same wealth of words, the samehappy flow *f language, and the same power of point ing his remarks. His lecture on Westminster Aboeyis certainly one of his best, and he repeated it to large audienoies on Tuesday and Wednesday evening. On Thursday his ' subject was ' Macaulay.' 