Thinys in General, By Simon, " Fortitor in modo, suavitor in re. " Yes, by up-uudiug tho old adsgo, which has dono good sorvico on innumorablo occasions, wo find it exactly applicable to Har Majesty's Ministers ill Tasmania. Eggod 011 , by their Macqimrie-stroot mentor, thoy blustered so bravely that tho London directors of the Main Lino Railway wore obligod to send a' real ltvo colonel to talk to , thorn \ but now thoy walk into tho Houso with their tails down, and agrao to nlmost anything askod by tho Opposition; Truly may it be said of them, "They went in like lions and camo out liko lambs." 1 I'm now going to let tho public iuto a secret. Tho . Promior stated in the Assembly, lust - Wednesday, that there . was — fortunately for tho colony — lit tho presont.. tiino a gontluman in Tasmania who 1 would probably ; bo ablo to arbitrate' hetweon tho chmpaiiy and the Govcrmnoiit. Ho referred to mnj but I haven't, yut made lip my mind whether I'll crack tho nutsholl or mind my own business, which, I'm informod, domatids all my attention. Besides, ar bitrating is not tlio pluasantost thing iu the world, ospucinlly iu a country whoro thoy write such curious things about the arbitrators. Referring to Messrs. Iligin- botham and Fohon's verdict in Launoes ton Bomo few days ago, tlio following sen tences appeared in a Hobui't Town morn-' ing journal last Monday For tho use of tho Launcostou und Westorn Rail way tho company are to pay £2938 for tho yoar onding |30th October, 1877, £3020 for tho yoar ending 30th October, 1878, and £3990 for tho yoar ondtiig 30th Octobor,T879. Tlio Govornmoiit, it will bo reinomborod, claimed £5000 a yoar, but the amounts fixed by thu arbitrators .are not considered unfair, bo that tho mattor is, no doubt, finally sobtled." If tho award was " not unfair" it would appear to a simplotou like mo that tho claim of tho Government. was, ami very much ho, too. Slightly disgusted with tlio opinions of tho English Attorney-Guneral, who an swered ten quostiona out of eleven dead against thoni, onr Law Officers, liavu cou- ' sujtud the Irish ono ; and they don't I think it prudent to let the public know the result at the present stage of the dis- 1 putc with tlio Main Litis Company ; but as I was novur vory prudent, and don't profess to bo so now, I mean to lot tho plain truth bo known. Having statod tho Case about as fairly as before, thoy wound up by asking the distinguished Hibernian legal luminary, " Do you seriously think ail alibi would got us out of ifc l" The reply has just arrived by telegram, and runs as follows: — "Of course it would. It'squite clear you liavo'nt ' been all there' for a cmisidurnblo loiigth of timo past, so there's no .doubt but an alibi must pull 'you through.; If not, your ouly liopo is in some incomprehensible clause of your now Act for tho bewilderment of all persons interested 111 contingent remainders. Horo's my opinion of you. If you don't get this, let mo at onco know, by wire, that you didn't, and it's niysulf that'll be dolightod to repeat tho message. If you forgot sanding that cheque, your credit will bo ruined all tho wav from Ballyua- orasy to Dmiaghadeo." 'Fortified by this assuring opinion, Messrs. Giblin and Dobson may talk a littlo taller novr. Tuesday than Llicy have done of late ; but I mustn't anticipate. Thoy say every good picture fells its own story, but ;I know ono that doesn't,' and I'm going to givo tlut required assist ance. It's ono. of. a number of very good, crayons, turned out by thu foacliors who were instructed by Mons Schuctz, and is, in my humblo opinion, ubout one of thn boic of tho lot that were exhibited, nud admired at the last meeting of the Board of Education. The fair artist doesn't seem to agree with me, ns I Warn that sho is at presont urging her right to oxJmp- tion from instruction, on the ground flint sho has no taste for drawing ! If sho lmsu't, sho .rejoices in a wonderfully happy knack of doing without it ; «s, if the beard wore just tho loast bit less ropy, tho face ami figure 1: rofor1 to would be simply excellent. I'm afraid tho your.g lady will have to draw miich worao before sho succeeds, iu hor somewhat singular application. f ! . The infant Mozart sooms fonder of tho profession which he . will one day adorn, if his parents or gunrdiao's don't allow him to play himself out bofore.hia timo, and die immediately after 4 having composed his own threnody: ' It may not be gene rally known that, 'like the' draper who Bpoko blank verso in the hosoin 'of liis family, this wonderful f littlo fellow instantly names the correct noto'for every sound lio hears. At homo and abroad his oar is always on tho watch, '.aiul he frequently astonishes Mr. ' ' and Mrs. Wo.ippert by his 'extraordinary remarks. A few days ago & donkey happened to bray iu liia hearing, and he instantly cried oiit, "Well! if that's a ' true E flat, I'm a Dutchman — that'll all I" .Tho, lady and gentleman above referred to ' 'did'nt sooiu over well plciiiud with the indirect allusion to thuir nationality. ' : During the past week Mr, Ohief District Constabie , Quodling has bison 4 (at the doairo of a watchful Govern'mqiit) busily engagod in rehearsing for1 the' General Resurrection. : Ho lias already exhumed somewhere ''about ' 'five bodies Hand a. half; and if what ho - found' 'and what he did'nt find wore put to gether, a very strong prima -facie case would ' be ;i' established ' against - the ..'Hospital authorities. In foot, some' of. the cases opened up were. found<a little too " utrong" by Mr. Quodling, who, not imreiUonably, : objects to undoing tho Work performed by Mr. Serious Loss,: the .undertaker. ' That was the name given to tho gentleman who carried oh tho burying liiisiifess.in the city, remarkablo-for haying been thu birthplace of Himnn, and I suppose it .will do for the one who "puts 'thoin away'! .hero.. My friend, iiv.. tho old country acquired > his '-curious appellation | from a habit ho had of . in variably, .observ ing, when measuring a body ,of . any .sizo from fifteon inches; to nix feet seven,. that itv was! "(&i8erious; loss.!!- -4.Ho / thought it wus comforting to ; tho. ofilictod, and it wus kind of liim. The consequence was, whenever a plodge of affection, died throiigfafBny .of; those ills .which. hifant- humatiityoH dmir- to, ; and ....which;. i\Iiq.; inslqw's, soothing syrup failed /to, make "bright as a button," tlio father usefltto BiiufllQ a few and say, "send for Serious Loss !" Somo pooplo will say this is n digression. Is it ! If it is, it is one that will be turned to good account by tho author entrusted with the important task of writing, somo 50 years hence, "Tho Life of Simon " (royal quarto, in boards, £2 2s.), and now I'll got back to the hos- pital. I loavn it is fitill to bo callod n tho Rquoami«lmoss of tho Biipor-sontimen- tnl, the anatomy must in future bo Icarnod there from tho outside. One of tho re3Mtts will bo tho removal of all those who nro now studying thoro, to Mel bourne, Sydney or Europe, where they are atrocious enough to beliovo that the best use thoy can put tho doud to is to make thorn assist in prolonging tho lives of tho living. Meanwhile tho existing doctors of Tnsmatua must he satisfied with what they havo already learnt ; nud when a pationt dies of an evidently now disenso, or now phaso of an old ono, they must only guess ut it or "givo it up." We nro henceforth to be consorvativu ovon of our ignorance, and if one of our surgeons fancies ho sues something abnor mal. in the shin bono of a dead patient, he. won't bo allowod to asbcrUin the truth by tho only means of so doing — dissection. Howevor, 'it'- is- comforting to know that ho may still'do' anything ho likes with a W'Ooduil log. . As a fitting pendant to thu above, I may say I wont toioc D'Arcy Road'sGhosts at tho Towq Hall a few nights ago, and I was much ploascd with tho ingenious mechanical effects; but the musicians (Heaven save tho mark!) ought to be sent as spcodily as possible to that part of tho other world- -wherever it is— occu pied by tho scoundrels who invontod the hurdy- gurdy .and the concortiua. Tho Hobart Town 'pooplo aro not much bettor than their neighbors ; but T really don't know what Uiuy did to deserve such puiiishmont as some of them aro nightly compelled to endure. . Though the English lnnguago comprlsos more thousands of words than ever I had tlio leisure or thu inclination to count, I was some timo ago obliged to invent a now name for offenders of a class to which T. will sooti tnoro particularly rofor 5 and it comes in vory aptly just now. Young parsons who create rows in tho street, and who occasionally assault policomon in the discharge of thuir duty, aro vory pro perly called larrikins, because ovon the pluck which thoy display prevents them from being called anything much worse ; but cowardly, sneaks who, protected by darknos, amuse themselves by damaging tho property of utterly inoffensivo ladies, as in thu cose of Miss Priest a few nights ago, require different treatment; and I call them larri-canaillo. The members of the City Oouucil aro day after day doing all they possibly can t« ruin tho appearance of Hobart Town. Until hist week there used to be, aftor every shower of rain that foil, a pretty niiuiature lake at tho Murray-street corner of tho Post Office. Besides being pretty — nay, picturanquo — it usod to serve as a foot-bath even for tho unwary, and, perhaps, tho tinwashou ; but the municipal Goths and Vandals havo filled it up. What noxt I If things go on like this we may soon expect to be murdered in our bbds. 