LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE PROTESTANT HALL, DUNGOG. Wednesday, the 23rd January, TS7S, will long be remembered, a red letter day in the history . of Dungog. Great numbers of people from , all parts of our district assembled to witness the interesting ceremony of. laying the foundation stone- of a Protestant Hall in our town. The. day was beautifully fine, and by 'I o'clock p. m. not less than 500 persons, comprising the wealth, intelligence, youth and beauty of our town and district had assembled round the temporary platform, where preparations had been made for laying the stone. Flags and streamers were waving in the wind, but conspicuous amongst them was "England's ensign,", a magnificent Union Jack. , The flag that's braved a thousand years, The battle and the breeze. In a cavity cut in the stone was placed a sealed bottle containing a copy of .the last issue of the Protestant Standard and a- sheet of parch-- ment, oh which was engrossed. the following inscription—" This stone was laid by Mrs. J.-K-. 'Mackay, of .-Oarigon, on, the 23rd day. of January,-. 1S7S, in the forty-first year, of the reign of Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and .Ireland and Empress of India ; in the Governor ship : of . Sir Hercules Robinson, K.C.B., K. M. G.; ,&c.; ; Richard. McCoy, , Esq., Worship ful Master, of ; the Loyal Orange Institution ; Thomas Irwin,, Esq. , J. P. , Worshipful Master. of No. 23, Royal Standard .Loyal Urange odgc, Dungog. Building; Committee— Messrs. W. A. Smith, Jno. Wade, Thos. Irwin, Jno. Walker, A. Newell, Jas. Thompson, Thomas Ilauna, J., Collier, S. Redman." The ceremony commenced by . Rev. 0. Terry giving out.tho hymn " Dare to be, a Daniel, which was sung by the, choir, and "audience. Rev. J. Ayling,. engaged in ;prayer ; Tley. J.' Gibson read the 13th chapter of 1st Corinthians. The preliminary, proceedings.: being oveiy Thomas Irwin, Esq., J. P., presented Mrs. John Mackay With a beautiful silver trowel and polished my all- wood mallet. On the trowel was engraved the following inscription— "Presented to Mrs. J. K. Mackay, on the occasion of her laying the foundation stone of the Protestant Hall, Dungog, New South Wales, January, 1S7S." Mr. Irwin addressed Ajfrsi Mackay as follows — Mrs. Mackay, it is my, pleasing duty, as, chairman ot the building 'committee, to present you with this trowel and mallet. Intrinsically they , are not of great , value, but we triistfyou will attach some Avorth to them as they are - intended .to express our best thanks for your kind offices to-day, and our appreciation of your many virtues — in' which light they will answer as well as if they , were more costly. In reply, Mrs. Mackay, said—Mr. Irwin, I beg to, thank you and the other gentlemen Avho have conferred upon, me the houour and privilege of laying this stone:; It is always interesting . and pleasing to me to see my native 'district advance.' , 1 shall feel, especially interested in this building as I have commenced The work. Mrs. Mackay, having efficiently performed the manual part of her undertaking, said— I declare this stone to bo well and t-uly .laid,'. in the name of the Father, Son, arid ' Holy Ghost, and added, 1 hope the structure will be1 neat; substantial, and . commodious, and- an' ornament to the town. I Avish the Protestaiit Hall ev.cry ; success, and I wish great good' riaaycoriie "of this interesting ceremony.' v?-'?'./ ,??'! v Rev. Dr. Barry, of St. Matthias', v'Sydriey, then ascended the temporary , platfonn ,'and addressed the: assemblage,' Hri had only just arrived from Sydney, and althOugh the sea was not smooth, nor the roads easy; he found ample, recompense in being present" while the founda tion stone of the" Protestant Hall at, Dungog was laid by the fair hands of a, lady who was so . much esteemed among them. :Public Halls had become, in the modern life of a free and pro gressive people, 'a public , necessity. Lectures; concerts, public meetings for the expression of opinion, arid a hundred other things required convenient, places of meeting ; and those who incurred the , risk and spent their labour( in erecting such buildings were benefactors tothe town. . This, he thought, would be. generally admitted. But then this was a Protestant Hall, and it is a melancholy 'fact that the degenerate descendants of those whose noblest deeds had been identified with the name " Pro testant " were in many cases afraid to name it, or to associate it with anything, trying to tone down everything to what they foolishly and falsely called charity. There were clergymen of his own Church — the Church of England — who tried to make some point, he knew not what, of the fact that the book of common prayer did not use the word Protestant in designating the Church. The fact was that that book used no term whatever to designate that or any other portion of the universal Church of Christ. In baptism it repeats' the Apostles' creed and' asks "wilt thou be bap tised into this faith ?" not into any section. In the Lord's Supper we are very members incor porate in the mystical body of ,, Christ, which is the blessed company of all faithful people. In no one place does the Church of England isolate .herself in her services from the brethren in Christ Avithout. She is, however, by the acci dent of history, "established by law"; in England, and the Queen is sworn, at corona tion, to defend " the Protestant Church . estab lished by law," and she herself must belong to that Church, whatever her fate. If that Church is not Protestant, she is not the Church estab lished, nor is the Church property hers. , The Thirty-nine . Articles are nearly all protests against Rome, so that the Ritualists hate them and call them " forty stripes save one." Well, but we are often teld that to attach the name Protestant to a Hall is offensive to certain .very mild neighbours or their clergy who would not for all the world offend us by attaching- the name of their own religion to anything what- ever. You know the hollowness of this. .Why .should they be offended, if they are indeed good neighbour's,' With your honestly designating your hall by a term ' which' explains what you mean ? It has now come to pass that priests have been so fretted that a Freemasons' Hall is equally objectionable. It is, a fact that Pro testants have' found it difficult" at times to obtain the use for hire of existing halls for their Protestant meetings. Is it a bad thing that they should have; the control of a hall for them selves ? Then there is a growl about " ultra- Protestant." Ultra indeed ! I fear if the facts were known we" have parallel ideas of ultra-truth,; ultra- righteousness, ultra-loyalty, ultra-godliness, ultra-honesty, ultra-purity and many, other ultras in this our day. If the people took the trouble to read their' European history they would' see that Protestantism can not bo ultra. .'-Protestantism; is simply; equality :o£ all men under; law; arid freedom for each man to worship as his conscience ; dictates. ' It is lamentable to read and hear the extraordinary definitions of this word " Protestant." In any good history of " the Reformation you will find that after men, women, and children had been burned, piked, and hanged by thousands and tens of thousands for' their disbelief in transub- stantiation— that is, for refusing to find the flesh, bones, and divinity of a human body under their teeth in tlie form of a wafer — political exigencies at last proclaimed simple toleration — the right of living and working— to the sur vivors, although they should still prefer their Scriptural rites to the mass. That was the celebrated Edict of Nantes. For awhile all was peace. The Papists ate their wafer and called it God, and the "religionists," as they were called, read their Bibles and heard their ser mons, and joined in their prayers aud supper as those Bibles ; taught them ; and the law pro- tected.all. Suddenly, however, the Edict of Nantes was revoked, and again the axe, the sword, the faggot, and the scaffold were reeking with ..the innocent blood of ' the "heretics." Certain princes of Germany met at Spires and entered their "protest " against the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, and . demanded again freedom of worship for all. Hence those of the religion were named " Protestants.'' This is 'Protestantism ; it is simply liberty of worship. It' has expanded into liberty civil and religious ; and although its followers have occasionally, in places and times, of ; perplexity, forgotten its spirit, oil the broad field of the world this has been its' characteristic— this its effect as opposed to Popery all over the world. Even this latest Papal Council and- the Encyclical , and Syllabus of the ; present Pope endorsed in - that Council denounce these blessings by name— civil and religious liberty by name — as damnable, and their adherents as -excommunicated ; and every Popish' nation in the world, in proportion, as it remains Popish,, crushes all liberty gags the press, silences, the. dissident speaker, and refuses to the' dissenter in 'religion the right of common prayer. The Romanist living under. the govern ment England ; and ' America, which his Church damns as heretical, has absolutely per fect freedom of worship the Pope has told them they' have' more freedom than -in', so-called Catholic countries.' . The Protestant' in Spain, in the States of the Church; in Naples, . &c.; , so long as the Pope . could, sway them, must hide his religion or die. " Protestants," then, are 'those who protest " against -' suppression of freedom in religion, "against restraining opinion by. violence, either-by authority, or by mob law, ;or by intrigue.- As such, they , are the friends of all men," of what religious opinion .' soever. Loving liberty for themselves, they demand it for their neighbours and for their country. None should, oppose .them but those who hate liberty, and the despot, the priest-ridden, the 'bigot. ' But those who have chiefly bestirred themselves in this matter": Have added- -to this name another to which some have: taken excep tion.:;; They; have organised themselves under the flag: of " Orange. " They have, organised . themselves because there was . sore need of organisation, For years past, in this colony and elsewhere, there has' been' a steady and per sistent effort; by many influences, to undermine Protestant freedom, Mobs by violence attacked Protestant lecturers in their own hired rooms. Attempts (of which Dr. Barry' gave special in stances) have beeri made to demand of the ;employer::thes dismissal- of Protestants with a .threat of withdrawal of : Romish- custom in busi ness, and, these - attempts have., been successful. The. want of organisation of Protestants gave to the ' Romanist minority who were ' organised in ; guilds;'- or voted' as one man under the orders of, the , bishops : through the priests, .such a political,, influence over the .candidates for municipal or ' legislative , honours that, until a counter-organisation" arose; all' the employment by -the' - State might have 'been ticketed' ' ' No Protestant need apply. The offices of 'Ministers of State were haunted by ecclesiastics who were listened to in preposterous demands be cause they held in their hands "the Catholic vote and when the head of a department was a Romanist in some mysterious way those employed in his department were what he called "one of us "—a well understood shibbo leth at Macquarie-street. If the Papal body were merely a sect of religion differing from our own — as the Church of England from the Wesleyan, Congregationalist, or Presbyterian — there were no need for us to organise. Their religious freedom is sacred to the very funda mental principles of the Orange Society. But they are a political and social union, never satisfied with equality, and never amalgamating with other citizens. The Pope's Encyclical has well explained their position as "irreconcilable with the -spirit of the age and with civil and religious liberty. _ Against intrigue, against special dealing, against compact party-voting, - against violence and beating to silence and wound public speakers, against a compact array of marshalled politicians, and a network of spies and plausible pretenders, male and female, some safeguard was necessary, beyond the mere general expression of truth. Organisation was wanted, and the Orange Society successfully assures it. The Orange Society is simply Pro testants organised. In choosing the name they preferred an ancient and glorious one and intimately connected with the victories of their forefathers, and with that king Of glorious memory to whom every man both Romanist and Protestant owes to-day the liberty of speech and of worship which is the Briton's noblest inheritance. We might have organised under another name ; some say we might thus have rid ourselves of the malignant hatred which assails us, under the other. Those who say rso are entirely mistaken. The . hatred is against the thing, not the name. They have shown the same animus where the Orange Society had no existence ; and the Orange Society, as you will see by its rules, is that oue of all others which insists on charitable and friendly relations with Romanists as religionists, while defending our political and social right . from the encroachments of their ecclesiastical' . plotters.;' './sDr. Barry gave an instance which happened near Sydney. - A Romanist, a fierce enemy of Orangeism, met with an, accident by a fall from his buggy.- It was - an Orangeman who took him up and cared , for- him and brought" him home ; but his own priest refused, him Christian burial because he was a Freemason. " Which of these two was neighbour" to this poor sufferer? Dr.. Barry - concluded an eloquent and logical address by inviting those present to lay their donations oh the stone, wishing that it might have the virtue of the "Philosopher's stone " to turn all which touched it into gold.' At the call of Mr. Irwin, three cheers were given for the Queen, three for Mrs. Mackay, and three for Dr. Barry. At half-past 7-o'clock P.M. a large gathering of people assembled in the School of Arts where the soiree was held. John Wadcl, Esq., was voted to the chair. The chairman on coining forward was greeted with applause. He said,— Ladies and gentlemen— I assure you I feel greatly pleased and honoured by. your placing me in the chair, .on this interesting occasion. Most of you are aware that l am always ready and, willing- to take part in any movement calculated, to advance the welfare of our town and district.. 1 congratulate the promoters of the Protestant Hall and the Protestant public generally on the marked success of to-day's proceedings, and sincerely hope that , the. good work this day commenced by Mrs., Mackay, will be brought to a speedy and successful issue, as there are so many ministers of known ability, to address you this evening it is not necessary for me to make any lengthened remarks, but, will now call on the choir to render their, first piece entitled !' Home over There," which they did,, and, for which they were deservedly applauded. . The Chairman then called on the Rev. ; John Gibson, who said- Mr. Chairman, fellow Protestants, — This will be a red letter day in the history of Dungog, Every city or ; town has to record some events of which they may be -proud, and others for which they may blush. We need not be ashamed of the interesting and instructive ceremony that has called us together to night. This 23rd of , January 1,878 will be .memorable for the .Protestants of the district. -' Those were important days and services connected with the laying qf 'foundation stones of the Protestant churches in ; this . town— they represent Christ- ianity diffused through denominational channels, and' we hold tenaciously our views of doctrine .. . and. policy ; but we are glad we have now-laid the stone of a house that will be not for Orange men only, but for Protestants to teach and ad vocate the principles of our common Protestant ism — the principles of the Reformation, .for- which our fathers bled and were,, unjustly punished.. Dr. . Vaughan goes abroad 1' and' propagates and glorifies his views, and why.not Protestants ? , He one'ei compared his Chureli to the' rock, and, the Protestant Church: to ice that would melt away, and he invited Protestaht's to come .on that ..rock— the Church— but we. have a better rock-— Jesus Christ and although the denominations differ !oh polity, we are oiiejin .believing that we are saved— justified by , faith: in Jesus Christ. . . . . ... - , Here all denomihations can show unity and (- band together ,to mantiain' pure religion, civil and' religious liberty.' I would be no party to . .annoy .or., persecute my . Roman ( . Catholic brethren, but I aril bound to'-, protest, (against their system as involving dishonour to God, and! .'.'"ruinto. souls. "I'bayea right to, oppose a system' '<;.:tiiat;..I;.MUeve..isV:frupt.hhd' soul destroying, and to thake known, or help' others/to make ' knoivn the glorious principles of the New. Testa ment and Reformation. V ' Protestants are- waking up in many plages— too long where they lulled into torpbr andsleep— wishing for peace at any price, and; too many milk-and-water Protestants saying or acting as if they could 7, not afford, to be consistent and true .Protestants. ' ' ??ilst they have been sleeping,"' those . who ' believe in thePope, have been working' in all directions. and in aU.'ways," the result is, , that; England . and other, places have lost ground and institutions antagonistic. 'to , the rights and .. liberties of men- and women have greatly multi- plied.. Let all do.their duty and be, known to their Catholic neighbours, help them in distress ; but let us awake and give a bold enumeration of the truths we hold most sacred and dear. Although not an Orangemen, I believe the institution is doing a vast amount of good, and checkmating the antagonistic system of Popery. It demands a free Bible, civil and religious liberty for all. It exalts Jesus Christ as the .only head of the Church, and an excellent and beloved Queen the head of the British Empire. They cannot, nor can any Protestant acknow ledge the Pope as the head of the Church and world. One of the greatest living English historians writes, that Orangeism was gathering within its lodges, "all that was noblest and and best in Ireland." I believe Orangemen are slandered when their enemies put forth the calumny that their Institution is a conspiracy. One of the late Governors of this colony was an Orangeman, a member of Mr. Disraeli's cabinet was one, and scores of the nobility and gentry of Great Britian — men of the most honourable position and unblemished reputation. It is not a conspiracy, and Orangemen desire for Roman Catholics liberty and true religion, and they demand the same for themselves and posterity. A true Protestant is not only a Christian, but a patriot and a lover of true freedom. Orange men, I believe, are determined to have fair-- play, and are watching the movements of the enemy. No true Orangeman or Protestant desires to oppress or persecute a Roman. Catholic, but advocates equal laws and rights for all. He is opposed to priestly power and papal rule, and conscientiously believes it is un- scriptural and un-British. No true Orangeman or Protestant hates a Catholic, but he is bound to oppose error even unto death. The man who enrols his name in an Orange lodge be lieving he is doing his duty to the land of his adoption, in advocating civil and religious liberty, and the secular supremacy of the State, ought not to be an object of contumely and re proach, or something worse. If the Orange Society steps out of its .legitimate coarse, and allows itself to be the tool of designing men, it will loose the sympathy of the general Protestant public. No such evil is to-be apprehended : from true Oraugemen or Protest ants... I believe Orangemen of Dungog are. the prime movers in this work; of erecting, a Protest ant Hall, and I believe an Orangeman, although I am not one yet, means a true, zealous, Pro testant, who vows to defend the Protestant religion against -every other, and to .maintain- and perpetuate: the word of Christ, and the' ancient laws and liberties of Britian; - Every Orangeman and Protestant believes in God the Father, in the only - Saviour, and the Mediator, and the sufficiency 'of ,Hi3 sacrifice and inter cession- and. righteousness; to save man. All, Protestants declare and believe in only,, one Mediator, Jesus: Christ),; and they do hot believe in angelic for saintly; mediators. All true Orangemen will abstain from all uncharit able words and actions towards our Roman Catholio brethren; . Our -religion is: love and sympathy, and kindly help, and no true Protestant will entertain, the least spark of bitterness or ill-feeling towards ' Roman Catholics, they - like ourselves are- entitled: to certain privileges and rights, are hot to - be persecuted or hunted down. As Protestants we are opposed .intensely to the, stronghold of the Papal Church, the . supremacy of the Pope ; Christ did not exalt Peter above John or, James or others. Christ alone is supreme in the ' Church — not the- Pope — nor; our good Victoria. We protest: against: the Pope's in- , fallibility and claims. Our Saviour said " The Gentiles exercise lordship," &c.; Let us oppose error -in a true spirit and try to : convert our Roman Catholic brethren; ; -.,'Let; us show kind-, ness and courtesy' to them, but let there be no. compromise— no - peace with Popery— we must distinguish between systems, - '.principles,'! and men. Hate error— labour ; and pray.: for the salvation and welfare of all. Let this. Protest ant Hall when finished, be a rallying point for : all ' denominations; and . to : teach' our : religioii s views, and to promote life and union among the the : different denominations; - ' I congratulate the Orangemen that: they have had a successful beginning to day, : and trust that the new build-, iug will soon be. completed; and not only add to the material ornament of the town, -but: prove a school for mental, social, and spiritual elevation.' I have been much delighted with what I have seen and heard to- day, and I trust that wo shall have many -more such pleasant and: Drofi- tablo meetings. I was much pleased with Rev. Dr. Barry's lucid and eloquent -exposition and illustrations of Orangeism, and I regret that all present at the laying of the stone: did not hear all the touching and womanlike address of Mrs. Mackay -who laid the stone. : " Choir— " Sowing the seed. " ' The chairman then called upon the Rev. Dr. Barry,' who, on rising was greeted ; with hearty rounds of applause. ' Tlie Rev! Dr. iBarry. then: addressed the meet ing at some' length. Wen-egret that there was; no- means of reporting his speech.. He dealt more particularly with some. leading objects to 'Which; the:' Orange t Society s ought at present direct its attention;; Among these were -the opening of .the coriveiit3 for inspection ; the in-, sidious proselytism of'convent schools-; and the \- 'incipient Ritualism or- Popery which, 'by- -small instalments; is brought in by certain clergymen, of tlie Church' of England. :i;On;thejfirst of tliete.: 'topics lie said' that the proof of (great abuses 'in various instances in convents - was hot what was- requirod. ' Supposing the convents'- were all perfect and immaculate! in purity,- it was enough - that' there were; citizens there : who, if - they, desired -to leave;! He' mentioned several in stances of nuns escaping -within the ''last; few; (years in these ' colonies.' If they - were not' prisoners they had no need: to escape. "'-Where these were, behind high walls, .and locks, and bolts, there are others. Possibly some' of these '-may be there; likewise against their '; will; If this is a free country, the law should reich them, and a nun has as much right to freedom > as another.. - No one in a -free country should. , be locked up unwillingly by private individuals. , The State should visit these prisons and open their doors for the unhappy. That is what we v - shpuld demand of tlie legislature. :: And if there are none who desire freedom, why should the Romanists object ? The ; inspector, would not take' away any .who preferred remaining. , , : On the -second topic, , he spoke, of the pre tences of hot interfering with religion, by which protest Protestants were deceived into sending their daughters into convent schools, mention ing the case of the daughter of Dr. Gordon, of Singleton, who was by this means lately made a proselyte. On the third ho gave several specimens, naming the clergymen and the churches by which these objectionable practices were he- ginning. He said the Institution being widely- spread, might watch these doings, and the best way of meeting them was to publish them. Such people are like white ants, they cannot work in the light. Send names and details to the Standard ; and perhaps it will he necessary, if the thing goes on, to have a black list, in tract form, circulated' everywhere, that the names of tbe innovators may be conspicuous ( to their parishioners and others. In- this way the Hock, in -England has published " the Ritualistic Conspiracy." . , en ! Choir! — " Pull for the shore." . 1 r The chairman then called on the Rev. J. Ayling, who expressed his pleasure at being' present, and congratulated the. Orangemen and. Protestants of Dungog on the spirit shewn by; them, and the conclusion they had come to, to build a hall bearing the significant title ' The Protestant Hall.' Some Christian , folk in the excess of their kindliness and amiability of heart would and did object to such a designation, savouring as they thought it did of something like antagonism, and of a belligerent Bpirit, when brotherly love and winning words should be the order of the day. There was rather too much of this in some quarters, which certainly was very far from being reciprocated by those whom it was .intended to conciliate. But in using the term no offence was meant and none need be taken, if the thing were only impartially looked into. Of course the Orangemen of Dungog were at the bottom of this movement. They needed a place of meeting, and they had nobly undertaken the responsibility of its .'erection. ' A previous speaker had said that he was not an Orangeman, although he did not know but that he might soon become one. Well, that would be a step in the right direction. He, the present speaker, stood before them a3 an Orangeman. They would see nothing par ticularly ferocious about' him ; nor did lie look at all likely to be one of those who would wade knee deep ' in the blood of liis Papist fellow countrymen. That terrible fiction was by this time nearly dissipated. The principles of Pro testantism were hhose of Orangeism, and if any present would like to know more of these, any member of the Dungog Lodge would be happy to supply them with a copy of the rules and regulations, which would give them all informa tion. The speaker briefly glanced at the promi nent features of Orangeism, and then expatiating on the; term. "Protestant" said, that without doubt, it had a meaning, and a most important one too. There was something in the name,' and no other would do so well. It meant that whatever sectional differences prevailed in the Reformed churches,' that there was one grand platform on which they; could all vinite .to battle for- the common truth. It signified' truth, vitality, progress, and an unbending determina tion not to allow the mind to be bound and prostrated at the feet of a self styled infallible: . man, or corporation, "calling itself " the church." : Romanism was a political conspiracy under the garb of a religious .organisation to sustain both the souls and bodies of men. . Protestantism was its antipodes, and wherever a true, and not ;a spurious Protestantism prevailed, tlie results were invariably honourable and pure. Pro testantism clearly, defindd theidifferonce between slavery and liberty, and struck off the fetters from the minds long enthralled, until they ha,d well nigh forgotten' what liberty was. Slavery, worse than Egyptian,; had reduced the whole of Europe to abject 'submissions, and .when one would assert his. manhood, torture, 'imprison ment, and "death -must silence him. ("So a : mountain', mass ; of . superstition had gathered round the Church, atom by atom, grain by. .grain. Men -said, that the sou! was. saved only by doing and " believing what the priest: have taught.: Then the 'heroes of the Reformation; spoke., They said' the soul " of man is made; free by the grace of God; The mind' of the. world was once again; made 'free." Protestantism at the . onset f broke ; the yoke of Romanism; and gave back again to humanity, - what through a long ; series - of ages— dark, .indeed, had piece by piece been wrested from it. It gave to man the birthright that he had snr- rendered little by little, until he had ceased to remember that he ever possessed 'it. But tlie day of darkness was not; always to be. The leaven was working. The light of God's truth began to,; brake through the gross darkness, the time and the - men ;were' eoine,- and :the lioroie band of the' lGth century; laid bare" the living thought, that "the' mind was created to be: free." The. grounds of protest were the same: in 1529 as we make aLthe- presentiday. That: the Church of Rome is hot the mistress and judge of the Reformed Churches. 'That the authority of the Scriptures is abo ve all Councils, bishops, &c.; . That the S dipt ures are .to be interpreted- by them - selves, and 'not by, .custom-and tradition. As Orangemeniand -true Protestants, we hold such! principles tenaciously, and think that in banding ; together as we do, ave are neither offensively, nor yet heedlessly exhibiting or maintaining prin ciples of: the, most sacred. and vital importance. The boast of Rome is " always the same." She . never, sleeps, ' (she appears sometimes to bo. dozing.- .Jt is onlyseeming. - The cry of ancient Rome - during the:.' Borne . wars' was > (" Carthage must be destroyed" and modern, Rome just merely alters one. word,; and. binds her. subjects to iextirpate Protestantism. ; The same' ambitions, purposesjare lier's, :the same imperial . despotism: .is. aimed at; and the- same (unflinching,' unbend -J iing .perseverance is exercised in, compassing. her designs. Rome is a combination, and so she succeeds. Orangeism seeks to.unite,; and is be-: 'coming'.! more and ; more' 'successful' in (uniting Protestants of every shade. '..And acting (upon: the truthful principles of ltrue; Protestantism, . (there is no fear whatever, , but that ultimately Rome with all jher tactics,' will ifal),:; when .the, (unitin'lwhichjfpur Institution seeks >.to (enlarge and strengthen shall-, consolidate (in: our mass the sworn enemies of .anti-Christ, . the -Man of Sin. Our object is to inform, -enlarge, , enlighten the public mind, and we urge everyone tothe proper, and glorious use of the immortal principle placed, by the; Creator un the bosom o£>us;:all,— " The ; mind, God made it to bo free." ChoirE-" Give me' the wings;!! . m The chairman then: called- on the Rev. C. ' r,.: :: i;: : i :.l i. , — —i i— — aw— — wryucp— Terry who said — I am reminded to-night friends of a circumstance at college which certainly rarely occurred, but truly illustrates my posi tion now. The carver who was changed weekly, and, therefore, sometimes myself, was presented with say a fine leg of roast mutton, but so many to devour it that before all was supplied the mutton was gone. And this Orangeism which was a fine subject' at the commencement of the first speech is like the leg of mutton, almost all gone but the bone. However, there is a little mntton still on the hone, and I shall briefly speak of one thing— -unity. Take the huge bulk of Protestantism having representa tives in every land where tbe sun shines, and these of all colours sexes and ages, and what are we most in need of ? ' Is it not unity ! An army of 50,000 men woukl be, wonderfully powerful in Sydney, but distributed by hundreds through the various towiis qf, the colony would be next to useless, and. easy, conquered. Five men united might, were, they .to come singly, conquer the 50,000.. And, to speak of unity is to speak of that, withbut which no army can be successful, no country can be successful,, and neither can Protestantism. For ever since upon the darkness of the world was cast by the Reformation, our common English Bible, wo have struggled on retarded at every step by the want of union. And to the general disunion of Protestantism what has the Romish Church its great antagonist to offer. To the disunion, .of Protestantism what do we find in Romanism ? simply perfect union ; which is thorough , in itself and perfect in its details'; that it extends from the Pope to the lowest Irish labourer,- who is only sober when he is earning- money to get drunk. That , unity is a subtle , infl uence, but none the less a real one ; and none the less dangerous because many so- called Protestants close , their eyes and cannot see it, declaring thatdt. does not exist, which proves either their .wilful igno rance, or their strange lack of, everything :like common sense.. That unity is a politicaLone, and with our boast that Protestantism, ;is free dom, no harrier even as light as a straw would we place upon their serving God according , to their own consciences, hut we are ' universally, and we think justly, indignant that any one church' should form itself into a political; union which some men deny. To such - 1 would - put the question, how was it that at the last; elec tion in this district, although both the candidates were Protestants and neither Orangemen, yet all the Catholic : vote (as I am:told) was, given to one man ? How is it that at every election the same is the case— that from the altar., in Sydney- men have been told who to vote' for. ?. : r.Thus a Catholic is assured of.a weighty vote -as; a nucleus, and some political candidates, Protest ant pander, by private promises .for that same vote. That unity is degrading, becausa .it is in no sense a unity of equals, and 13 .made all the stronger by its apparent dis-unity, and nothing does it so nearly resemble tp me as what. is very common in this town, a, team; of bullocks and driver passing up the ' street, the driver the priest, -the bullocks ' the faithful, both are united in taking ; the load, , but 'in very different senses ; . and no bullock-driver- was ever more clever at manipulating his whip, upon the rough ' hides of his oxen, ( thus urging , the brutes along, than the Romish priest leading his deluded followers at will, and that is a unity, the most disgraceful, . and the; most, man degrad ing, as they are not allowed ' either to think or to read theBible for themselves,- and. alas, in some respects the most -powerful,:; as, no room is given for right feeling; ..no ."allowance for .liberal mindedncss, and all; the members of the Church of Rome, : rich and-. poor, :!learned.and ignorant, are forced to act'. without 'knowing why they act. That unity is \> thorough, 1 as proved, by one disobedient "voice. ;', being raised to .check": the fearful persecutions of.-; the: past, the strength, depth,; and thoroughness :of ; that, unity, never being more clearly displayed than when among the thousands of (Catholics- around the martyr fires, :not one (dissentient;. voice. was raised, :not (one pleading -sentence for - men! who: in -many cases jliad beent.the liberal benefactors of; (the Catholic poor. ' But we are mat/with .the sta'te- ment, some; Catholics .would be more. liberal only they are overawed , by the( others j granted, -and, in some instances I heliove such tohe.the case ; but does not that reveal far- more plainly : the (depth of; the /unity : in .-the- overpowering majority. If liberal men are so awed thai: they make no sign, how thorough must be the power which could overawe such men and' how power ful,, when willing or unwilling, it is exercised against Protestantism. Such is the unityiof Rome; when from Rome as the. centre,' .radiating as the light of a lamp and casting ' its; sickly .glare to the farthest extent of 1 earth, . wherever a crucifix and beads have gone, ! .wherever -that law-binding religion has found: its. way. . It has linken . in chains men,;- which! chain, from .the means of misguided followers; goes back to Rome. And only one . word ofi the Pope and 'alLtliese millions ( standi-'as (one J.'man;. prepared; for: the bidding of the Pope andi by a prdvious course of religious teaching to do; e very tliihg and-any thing vvliich will lessen, and' kill! the- .-effect; or even exterminate;, Protestantism.: ,(:>Aud) .'to that earlier degrading,; political; ahdf thorough- unity, what, has : Protestantism -to-i offer ?! a' system: of- divided sects, a vast : army.; broken .up into (small-companies, and. if for nothing: else because Rome throughout the world is "a political power ; : there should, according. to \thd (opinions 6f!thc weakest intellect, be some unity to' protect our own interests. V Then, it must bo some unio«._ to comprise members of every-' Protestant' sect'," and whilst taking the Bible as a. guide, only the grand cardinal doctrines of Ghristianity,' upon which iio Christians differ, must be taken! as the ..rule of that society, ; and such ;a:soeiety; would bring bigotry inasmuch as- it 'would, "draw members of all Protestant churches together, . and yet not ansectarianize them. ! - Ahd all this you have in Orangeism, and not one word (in these rules which any man professedly a Protest ant;, could! object to— a system; whioh, if kept according to rule, you can find none better to protect us from - Romanism, to - preserve us our freedom;'our Bible,.and lastly, (but not least, to : break down bigotiy, ; where w ministers I of different i deneminations (forget: their; pet theo logical-theories, land ; remember' the common enemy, ; where - meh '; of alK:".Protestaiit - sects uniting.together call one-another brethren, even if this theology beohbt .exacflyf'the same; '( A isystem which: binds iihan to' -'man; and he (at .home, travelling by train, la'st'eamboat, or a casual meeting in tbe street,' apiOrangenjan ia abrother. , I : . !iq- Ifi V / V-or: 