NEWS OF THE DAY. It is now certain that the Marquis of Nor- mnnby is to succeed Sir George Bowen ns Go vernor of Victoria. The Marquis will, it is anticipated, reach Melbourne early inFcbruary next, air ucorge isowen will, in all probabi lity, leave for Mauritius about the middle of January. The Marquis of Normanby was ap pointed Governor of Queensland in 1871 but was soon after transferred to New Zealand where ho has just completed his full term of office. He is generally regarded as a strict Con servative, who keeps himself woll within his of ficial instructions. Forsomc time pastSir George Grey, who has gono in for Liberal politics in New Zealand, lias been at loggerheads with the Marquis, and several telegrams and des patches have been sent by tho New Zealand Premier to tho Colonial Office on the sub ject. In reference to a paragraph published thi ; morning concerning an accident to the hon. the Chief Secretary, we learn from Dr Thom son, who is Mr Berry's medical attendant, that the facts are mucli exaggerated, Mr Berry certainly did get a slight bruise on the kneo a ho was leaving the Nelson on Thursday evening, but the injury was nover of any importance, and Dr Thomson, simply as a precautionary measure, advised Mr Berry to rest his legs on Saturday and yesterday. Tho hon. gentleman was in attendance at his office to-day, and transacted business as usual. There is no danger of any further incon venience from tho injury. Tho following are tho deliveries of wlient flour and other produce at tho Sponcor-street station of the Victorian railways for tho week onding 7tli December Wheat, 302G bags ; flour, 2198 hags ; bran, 1870 bags ; pollard, 203 bags ; oats, 1409 bags ; barley, 339 bags; potatoes, 289 bags ; chaff, 4116 bags and 22-1 bales. Total, 13,731 bags and bales. There is an unusual stagnation 111 matters connected with the shipping to-day, up to n lute iiour in tile afternoon not ono vessel having effected a clearance, notwithstanding tlio fine ness of the weather and tho freshness of tho breeze. 'Die dispute between the Harbor Trust Com mission and Messrs Wright, Orr and Co. does not not nppear to advance very rapidly to wards a favorable termination, and affairs in connection therewith have the aspect of being as far from a settlement ns ever, although a number of vague rumors have been afloat among shipping circles ill reference to tho affair, some of which state the most extraordinary tilings. However, nil amicablo settlement does not ap pear far off, the principal difficulty seeming to be the selection of an impartial individual to act ns arbitrator, witli Hiiilicient foresight and knowledge of tho whole of the stages of the affair to bring matters to a crisis with out any sacrifice of the dignity of oflice, of which element there seems to bo a considerable amount distributed aiming the principal actors. The statement that the existence of a double entrance to the large dock would- be a hindrance to tile con struction o(,tlie wharf which is being run down tiie south bank of the Ynrra, is certainly rather out of place, for the space takenup could be narrowed down to about 40 feet, and the convenience to tho shipping would far exceed any apparent detriment to the wharf which a gap of that space might cause. Mr J. T. Smith, when lie presides at tho City Court, is the cause sometimes, although his decisions are right in the main, of so vast nil amount of laughter as to take the united efforts of the police and bench to suppress. This morning, for instance, two larrikins, named J. Scott and Will. Thomas, were charged witli stealing a coat. The former pleaded guilty, and, after the manner of thieves, declared that the other young man was ns innocent of the deed or its concep tion as tiie babe unborn. In order to connect Thoinits with the robbery, the police called a witness nnincd Monnghan, who gave his evidence in so excited a manner, and seemed so fearful of implicating himself, that he had to be cautioned by the chairman of the bench several times. But his tongue was roused up, and would not he stayed, even when threatened with committal for 24 hours. Irate and indignant, the chairman discharged botii prisoners, who were outof tile door almost ns soon as tho words were out of his mouth. InspcctorDi'ouglitvftinly protested, Mr Wliolan ns vainly remonstrated, that Scott had pleaded guilty. Tiie deed wns done and tiie offender free. ' Of course lie cannot be re-arrested. A hand of larrikins passed down Hanover street, Fitzroy, about half-past one on Sunday morning, yelling and hooting mid destroying property. Tire damage done was considerable. Windows were broken, the tops of ornamental fences removed, gates smashed in, trees up rooted, and one side of the street presented quite a dilapidated appearance. A badly-grown negro, with a purely African face, took into his head, while tho last train wns coming from Wnngnrntta, to make himself objectionable to tho passengers in the same second-clnss compartment as himself by knock ing the papers they were reading out of their hands; winding-up by throwing his- arms round a lady's waist and attempt ing to kiss her. He was given in charge of the police on tho train's arri val, and this morning wns charged at the City Police Court with a breach of the provisions of the 152nd section of the Public Works Statute. As a warning to persons inclined to bo frolicsome while traveling on the Government lines, he was fined 20s; or, in default, fourteen days' imprisonment. The three young men, Horlcy, Graham, and Lovell, charged with housebreaking and robberies in Praliran and St. Kilda, were brought up nt the Praliran Court to-day, nmi remanded for a week. The evidence against them is partly furnished by a youth named Tracy, who accompanied them in rag and hone gathering, with a truck. He states that the prisoners broke into a house on St. ICilda road by a back window, and came out with two meerschaum pipes and pouches of tobacco, with which materials they coolly begin to smoke. Other valuables were taken, and they tried vainly to break into a chest of drawers, for which purpose they searched the yard to find an axe, hut could not. Cake and bread and butter were likewise brought out, and altogether the party appears to have conducted itself with the utmost sang froid. MrRobert Sevior, the well-known trainer and Mr Dyer, of the Oriental Hotel, to-day brought to our office a magnificent fish, weigh ing 3?i lbs, and said by those who ought to know to he a specimen of the true English trout. The fish, however, had not been sub mitted to' any scientific pisiculturist, and there fore the genus cannot be positively stated, al though it is undoubtedly of the troutspecies, and isamagnificent fish. It wascaughtby Mr Sevior in lliddell's Creek, quite close to the Riddcll's Creek station, nt Messrs Smith and Son's nur sery. Mr Dyer also caught several of the same kind of fish , but of a smaller size. They rose splendidly to a fly, and afforded excellent sport. The largest fish is on exhibition at the fish-shop of Mr Jenkins, in Swanston street, to-day. The Argus correspondent wires : — " Lon don, 7th December. — The Canadian four per cent, loan of £3,000,000 has been half subscribed at 9GJ. The list remains open until Monday. The following cable messages are to hand per the Australian Press Agency : — London, Gtli December. — It has been stated, hut not officially, that on Tuesday next tho Govern ment will ho met by the Liberals, both in the House of Lords and the House of Commons, with a direct vote of censure in consequence of the aggressive policy adopted towards the Ameer of Afghanistan. The Opposition con tend that the finances of India are utterly inadequate to meet the expenses of the war as proposed by tho Government. Should the result of the debate be considered un satisfactory, Lord Beacon afield will ad vise her Majesty to grant a dissolution of Parliament. The efforts made by the Victorian International Exhibition Commis sioners to induce English and continental manufactures and producers to compete at the forthcoming International Exhibition, to be held in Melbourne in 1880, have proved highly successful. Over 150 applications for space have been already received, embracing a large and interesting variety of ex hibits. 7th December, 5.45. — Owing to tho out break of rinderpest and other cattle diseases on tile Continent, the Government has issued a proclamation prohibiting the importation of live stock into England. Acting upon the advice of General ICaufmann, and viewing with jealousy the success of the British arms against the Atnccr, Russia has threatened, in the event -of England annexing any portion of Afghan istan, to occupy for strategic purposes the town of Merve, situate 300 miles south-east of Khiva, between Meshed and Bokhara. The Ameer's troops defeated at the Peiwar Pass by General Roberts are failing back upon Cabul. Out of the depths of a filthy hovel, in as dirty a slum of Melbourne, tho police yester day' opportunely it is to he hoped, dragged a girl, thirteen years of ago, and as spirituelle in appearance as Mrs Stowe's creation, Eva. But already there lies the canker taint upon her life, for she lias been frequently seen drunk in the streets, and has been warned against visiting the house in which she was arrested, a warning having nlso been given to a degraded creature named Charlotte Cane for harbouring her. When, at the request of the police, a remand was abont to be granted, a woman camo from the body of tho court and said she was the mother of the child, and did not know she had gone to tile low house she was found in. Inspector Drought said that was not true. The woman had been cautioned about the child twice before, and alio had been spoken to by the police with relation to its hav ing been found in the street laboring under the influence. Eventually the remand was granted. As the Yarra Yarra Trial Fours wore not finished on Saturday, and as there is too more heats to he rowed, one will he rowed this even ing and the other to-morrow evening. Tha one to-day will be between Wcaks and Taylor, at a quarter past G p.m. A lad, named Robert Cook, appeared at tho Sandridgc Police Court to-day on a charge of rising obscene lnngungo and inciting a mob of larrikins to Btone tho arresting constable. Tho magistrates exprossod their regret that Cook should have committed himself in tho way he did, an lie had respectable parents; hut as lie appeared to be quito hardened and caro- less, they imposed a fine of 40s, or 14 days' im prisonment in default. Tho advisability of engaging a competent nnd steady person to devote his attention to the actions of visitors to tiie public baths who may not be able to swim, lias on several occa sions been sliown in a number of clifforont ways, and called forth expressions of opinion from several and various sources. At tho Emeinld Hill baths, one morning last week, a young lad, who had been amus ing himself in the shallow water, was ob served to get beyond his depth, and disappeared beneath tho surface. Ho would have most certainly been drownod hut for tho prompt action taken by a young gentleman named Creswell, who wns leaving tho baths, when the cireumslanco camo under his notice, and who jumped into tho wntor, clothes and nil, and after a strugglo succeeded indragging liiin out of his perilous position. Hnd there been a man engaged specially to do nothing but look out for casualties of this kind, two people would have J.eon ssved 7 l which to both of them was a . un,. ' ( "jking was unexpected. It is a nv tt f " to whether it would not |)e better tri01'!"""1 as slight additional fee for adm" f"har?c a the expenses of emplovin- a , defray kind, many people preferring t > niv "V""'1 more when they have cvm- e?,„ ! J a littl= things are safe under tho wntclif ',1 Jye H"1 ffSkilrC0,,,1,et0nt to» n'ih The dredge Griper, which went into D„i-„. dock for repairs some days sinc0 hnvfn„ pleted a thorough overhaul of the hull In,'1" up the river again for tho completion nf i requirements. She louks ill a dilapidated .n" enough at present, although het fa hers aro perfectly sound, and it .tin be some time before any thine be done with her. The Warhawk 1ms hT" tmiellmg up nnd down the river durinL. u," pa- 1 week many times a day without >,, apparent object in view. It lias been !«f S (ff a morning that whenever she lias passed U, locks she has increased her speed co isidoral , ,. beyond the rate allowed by the laws relit to tho navigation of the river ill the hope that tho wasli ' n ' n ' 5.' bv her rapid transit might have H effect of undermining the hank around it docks, so that the earth might fall au-iv f, the standing timber of tile works' hut tlL of the Harbor Trust at anel.ur 'crass ?',Unt trance acts as a sufficient breakwater to i.rev-eMt atSUy B " tl"lfcsi,leof river At the Sandridgc Police Court to-div Hcnrv Bcrridge, master of the ship SU,S' was charged with violating the 29th c?Z, ' I the Port and Harbor Regulations, f having a watcli on hoard his shin on IL !, mst. at 3 a m Tl.e captain, in difence, urged that lie had three men watching, who were „t that time in tho galley cooking some coffee The magistrates considered that the case » i proved, and inflicted tho lowest fine they cnni'l impose, viz., £5. J vuulu The Gipnsland Mercury writes :-Ono of our able-bodied young men, who is perhaps t ' best bushman, best shot- and best horseman thntGippslnnd owns, has gone on his own ae count to try and get a shot at the Kellvs I f he is only as fortunate in his attempt as Im has been often in wild-bull hunting, we may yet hear of his churning the reward, as well as of ITr'th"''" " 8rViCe t0 tl,u country of 'lffs The Gcelong Advertiser says that during the performance of Oliver Twist at the Me chamcs' Institute on Saturday night, a nastv accident happened to Mr H. Fleming who wns enacting the part of Bill Sykes. In the burglary scene, and when the inmates of the house are disturbed, he is supposed to scale a high fence and thus make his escape. It appears that tile fence was insecurely fas toned, for when Mr Fleming sprang upon it to get over the structure gave way, and ho fell heavily with it on tile stage behind. Al though it wns apparent lie had hurt himself lie persisted in going through the remainm-' act, a heavy one; but the pain nnd exertion combined were too much for him, and he fainted immediately he left the stage. All care and attention were slnwn him by tho members of the company, and lie reamed consciousness 111 about fifteen minutes, i'ortu- nntely lie escaped any sovere injury. (Gippsland Mercury) aro glad to hear that the lion. W. J. Clarke intends makiii" a visit of some few days' duration to tliis district We understand that suites of rooms have been engaged at the Club Hotel for the accommoda tion of himself and party, and that he may ho expected by special train on Wednesday next. J Mr Burnett's campaign at Sandridgc was brought to a close on Saturday, when a juve nile gathering nt the town hall in the after noon wns addressed by Mr Burnett and the Rev. J . W. Crisp, about one hundred Young sters signing tiie pledge at the close. In the evening the usual torchlight procession took place, and was followed by the farewell mass meeting, nt which nenrly 5000 persons wero piesent. The lion J. B. Patterson occupied the chair, and Mr Burnett, the hon Francis Longmore, nnd other gentlemen, addressed the meeting. Mr Burnett thanked them for such an enthusiastic reception nt this his last mass meeting for two months. During that period, lie hoped to recruit his health suffi ciently to enable him to spend nine months -ill the colony of Victoria. After that it was his intention to visit the neighbouring colonies, America, and England, He then spoke of the premaiiency of the work at Collingwomi, btaweil, and Emerald-hill, tho testimony of the police being that there was a great diminution in the number of drunkards brought before tho magistrates. He also con stantly received letters, from both men and women, testifying to the benefits they had de rived from temperance principles. The address closed amidst loud cheering. All adjournment was then made to the town hail, win re an ex cellent programme was gono through, con sisting of songs, glees, and recitations. The liall was crowded to its utmost capacity. The chair was occupied by Mr F. T. Derham, and short addresses were given by the lions. J. B. Patterson and F. Longmore, the Rev. K. Johnson, and Mr J. Hardy. Mr Burnett said it wns so late that he must not trespass oil their time, but must just call their attention to the number of persons who had signed. Last Saturday the total numbers wero 1717; during the week 162 more had signed; there hnd been secured by Mr Hardy and a lady worker GO ; and at the children's and mass meetings that afternoon 120 had signed. Tiie number who signed during the week was 559, making a total of 2059. The price of cattle lias readied so low a pom' now (writes the Gippsland Mercury) that one of our enterprising graziers lias imported an immense vat and other necessaries for boiling down. Wo believe it is over 21 yenrs since any bojling down was carried out in Gippsland, and we think that Sir W. H. Palmer, of Clyde bank, will mnke a good hit of it. Cattle were selling at 23s to 26s per head at Ro'sedule oil Thursday, and it is considered by those ac quainted with such subjects that £4 per head can be liinde by boiling down. A meeting of the Civil Service Rowing Club will ho held at Young and Jackson's Hotel this evening, at 8 o'clock. Mr T. P. Hill delivered a lecture on the Influence of Poetry over the Manners and Customs of aNation at the institution in Spring street on Friday afternoon. He showed that, despite the warnings of history, school masters, in too many instances, were in the habit of instructing tiie intcllcctnt tho price of the sentiments. They treated children ns machines or statues. Examination conducted on paper was the he-all and the end- all of school training. The inner life of our boys and girls, ns thinking, loving, responsible, and immortal beings, was uncareu for. Any system of education which loft tho conscience uneducated, the character unin formed, and' the vital force — that wonderful power of child life— unregulated and unre- 'pressed, would necessarily bring about tho vices connected witli the slang, vulgarity, dis obedience, prcsumptuousness, and larrikinisiu which everywhere prevailed. Tiie moral sense could he educated. The modus operandi was demonstrated by the prose and poetic exam ples with which Mr Hill illustrated his lec ture. The fourth nnd positively last week of the Baldwins at St. George's llnll is nnnouu- -a. During tho entire season a splendid business lias been done. Foster's blood-writing on the arm will bo introduced to-night, and tliore 'WiU be almost an entire change of programme. The moonlight concert at tho Botanic Gnr- dens on Saturday evening, in aid of tho funds of the Asylums for the Blind and the Deaf and Dumb, wns very Inrgcly attended, and proved to be a most enjoyable affair. The weather was all that could ho desired for the pur pose. It is a long timo since tho public have lind submitted to them so attractive a programme as that put forth for tho complimentary benefit to be given to Mr R. S. Smythe on Saturday evoning in tho Town Hall. The announcement of an extra night by the Rev. Charles Olark, especially in such a favorite lecture as Christ mas in Old England, would have been sufficient to fill tho hall. But Mr Smytho probably thinks as much about tho complimentary character of the entertainment ns ho does about its pecuniary result ; nnd is, therefore, _ proud to liavo tho assistance of so many of his musical friends. The carols introduced into Mr Clark s lecture have never beforo been sung by such a magnificent double quurtett as that announce!' in another column, and tlieso quaint, beautiful melodies are hound to go splendidly. The re appearance of the brilliant pianist, Madame Carlottn Tascn, will ho warmly welcomed, and considerable interest will attach to j the jirst appearance in concert of tho young Gorman vocalist, Mdllc. llosaly Merz, whoso vocalisation formed such an agreeable feature at tho Tascn con certs in tho neighboring colonies. It is statcu I in tho advertisement that theplansof Beats ivm I be opened to-inorrow morning at Allan s. as I the balcony accommodation will probably be too I limited for tlic uUr.ict.ve pi-npramme presented noD.lliir iiiiuinaer, it hsis bran deoidod to !, timber the seats in the south gallery, the best Irt of the hall for hearing; and cftcutire ritis will he taken to prevent the ntmos- from becoming so oppressive as it was |„"t week. The remedy, it is stated, is a very simple one. Mdlle. Olga Duboin's popular concert at the f own Hall this evening cannot fail to attract verv largo audience, for tho programme is ® 0'f tlie best put forward in Melbourne for a l..,,,, time, and cannot fail to nlford n musi- m1 treat 'of the highest class. Mdlle. Duboin to givo seven pianoforte solos, and Signor i trior! contributes two violin solos. Miss Wooldvidge and Mr Whitworth aro tho voca lists. Mr D'Arcy Head with his ghosts gavo two entertainments on Snturdny, both of which were largely attended. A matinee was given in the afternoon, anil was so thororglily appre ciated by a very large audience, consisting c iiellv of children, that it is intended to repeat it next Saturday. In the evening there was leain n good gathering, The entortainmont 'is one of the most amusing and mystorious ever witnessed in Melbourne. Tho four-act play entitled The Two Orphans, was produced at the Opera House on Satur day evening. The plot being well known, renders its recapitulation unnecessary. The i,csf parts were those played by Mr Charles Wlieatleigh. and Miss Jessie Grey. As Pierre, the ill-treated, but good- lioarted knife-grhuler, the former acted with a quiet force that found groat favor with the audience, while the latter, in her delineation of the sufferings of the blind Jlrbt«»s seen to advantage. The other charoctorS<1verc fairly impersonated. The appearance of Mrs Wooldridgc at this theatre was warmly welcomed. The Two Orphans will he repeated to-night. The benefit at the Theatre Royal on Satur day evening, in aid of tho Akhurat me morial fund, was attended by a tolerably large audience, although the theatre could have seated some hundreds more. Mr George Coppin appeared as Jim Baggs, in tho Wan dering Minstrel, and showed that his intonse sense of fun and humor is in no way impaired, for, as of old, he kept his audience in one roar of laughter all the while he was on tho stage. The members of the Owl Club then gave tho Colleen Bawn in a highly creditable maimer. During the evening, an address written by Dr Neild to the memory of the late Mr Akhurst was skilfully read by Mr Appleton. Miss Ada Ward makes her re-appearnnco at the Theatre Royal this evening, having been engaged for a short season of twelve nights. Tliis popular lady is to appear in a now charac ter, namely, that of Olivia, in Olivia's Love, a drama founded on Goldsmith's immortal story, the Vicar of Wakefield. Girolie-Girofia js admirably presented at the Academy of Music, all the leading parts being filled in n most capable manner, while the orchestra and chorus are throughly efficient, and alt the effects well managed. Tho opera wili he repeated this evening. We are requested to state th it tho muster of the Metryiiolitau troops P W.V.V.L.H. is Incorrectly re- l>rteu In the morning papers. Tho correct return Is es follows Officers, i ; sergion-s, 2 ; rank anil file, 11 ; tola', 17. 