llA&l.; * — A BOMANCH OF SPAIN IN THE FIFTEENTH CENTUBY. OHAPIEB XIX. (Continued.'* 'Speak lower, Elohard,' whlapered hit more prudent cotuln. ' Sh* ii a terrible woman in feature u weU as oharaot«rl How like a demon ebe loolu, ae ahe ttrikei that ?alterable womm I Howhereyesflathl How ?he tcowli I How her white teeth glitter between her thin and colonrlen Hpi 1' 'Shtb at haudtome and amiable now, to me, at Sob was fifteen fur, jp,, Anbar. °*u, »°»J»-S'1« H»* I thuddered and turne d with horror and ditmiit from h» ?»«. auktogtbenr whispered Matter Bidwind. ' Pah, the female beatt I To think that the «oold win my lov. from the sweetest, genlleit, most lovely maiden that overlived I1' 1 ?*''S*!-E» »?«-»*»«? -Tour whispering ?oundi like the growling of a caged lion?' ^'^t'M*ru*'»nd Q»d '?' the attention ? . of the guardi, behind whom tbe Englishmen f-: ' '? itpod, Ud whom they nearly touched, been abiorbed by the exciting scene before them, ?ome would have turned their eyei suiplcl ouily and threateningly upon Matter Bed m 'Th«t»ni«gaDtf The aeoldj The threw I The she-cat I' continued the latter in the same growling tone, detplt. the waning of hit oooiln, and with hit eyei all aflame with hate and acorn. ' I otnnot rid rnywll of the muplcion that I have had teething in my tonl tor fifteen yean, Arthur.' 'I pray you tof ten your toae, Blohard,' pleaded Master Mtrton. ' The terrible suspicion that the had muoh to do with the capture and death of Ocuntesa Mona del Torreda by the hands of the aoooned Bilbao,' oonilsued Muter Bidwind, ?very hair of hit flaming red beard teeming to -brittle and quiver with rettralned rage. ' She luted ,U the Torredat, and etpeclaUy Counlesi Morn, who loved me.' ' Kinimau,' said Hitter Marton, graiping hit eoniip'i arm sharply, ?? remember our cause, and the oath we are nnder not to Imperil aught that may conduce to ltt tuoceu. We J»™fearful proof before ut.thltinttant that tWi woman-fiend In woman't thape, if you V*»r**» (treat power In Btroelont. Ltt her nst recognise you before the purpoie of our presenoe in Bareelooa hat beendeoldtd UDon By the CouncU of Nobta, ii yot love me* tny.eouiln.' * ' '*' 'Enough. I wlU look on In illenee.' repUad Utihtf Bedwlnd,' who then became ' It ii a mott nugmnoent spectacle.' said \- JnanOJloztohinuTelf. 'It&Xort;^t to what we are to tee done to-day on Volt»'a oofflnrthaped platform.' G»llo« continued to maintain hitpoiitbn . ' after the aoourging wu over. ' ? oX^ B^b*° lJiBhted torn -the Utter, * 2^J,ttM«4»t him with , great onrlotlty in, ^ : M.uB[oi15«'^th«»n»i of the Jitter,' he w..',.-i *M to himtelf.'v«'The rioh and noble r ? noreaUne,Slgnoj;t«rrtt. fcJBSl** ii ,;.-':? *n?m * haye heard to much from my gotalpi K Ir .V JW^^itinyflrttrfghtothlSl Ho gr-;s}i i«i»eble old badger, I iee,' :? W ^ ;-,SfflS'V*^?^r'l0!f WtfooHng-onA. nPl J^w^^^iiidf^^^i^1**^^^ ^fflg^^^^«^^^Mn'')--auanUjtolie. ' ^^P?i '?T»n.«a .-only .«me on tW(blo6d.ttaloe4d-ok WBw-ySS&i; .betrayed Neaiolito,^8*^ mgg f0bu wudad in Mo5rh.r aimonr «d ^®15'r ' *9«*onlf. and their meeting watthatotWo WBt {^^^^''.?^'ri'toe^th. IKS'- ^L3t»»l«r Miiton, of eonrae, did not even Kfe^A' . J'W^'.'thtt the apparently decrepit old man . WSi* f^aingfromtheUtterwat them.n who ^^^»*f*MMW«nf'»'«Il*tat once made life Wf»t/ ?*'ift»5tewi fi. Bdbac quitted jt, and during B8&* - I^SSWwwaBilUo.and Counten In«j W$L M^^moaania etmuitude of .that ^^ ;#!»F»».e«PW the latter otmntenanee1 mmA IS^JJ^I' *??*. 'I*** JBngUahman, WMgSf -r^iaSieSweet^enpie. :?,.?,....., .;? ^^^^MaWkHontipon Conntett Jp.,,' W ^^^gBg^inhiBWtlVi-l-fceen!eyerBad WBBBSWBI&* ?*» $' n-aiaen in tie dark e.nd ^^^^g»tBiv8 hoe of the Amazonian oonnteae. ^^fei^e h.tM the helple.8 «id. Doubtlw. H^#Na.)!-#4r beoauae the maiden ^^^MaHiiw,«y-«, ihB ttttauu ud the proud her fact, an wonderfully like then of Counted Mona, the titter of Count Torreda. the woman, the only woman I evar loved. Ah me I how all my tool (joee forth in love and pity, and with deaire to tare, to reaoueher, Bot what can I do F Nothing, The maiden it Balbao'a daughter.' . ' Yet when it Wat plain upon the vindictive featnns of CounUn tnet that the thought of commanding and foreing Lady Mtltenta ioqoit «be duller .of the Utter and walk between the file* of the guard! and in the eight of the rabbit to tile rear ehtnnse of theScorda palace,' Matter Sedidnd wat to stirred to anger and indignation and to effort to befriend the poor maiden, that he said,' eternry and loudly i . ' 'All honour ahonld be thown to the intended bride of Oirant Socrda.' 1 When Caauteta Itots^are her oommsnd that the bold apeaker ehould be led forward, and at *bs Mked her banner^warcr. fo/ the ?eonrge, her «y» wat upon the ' ugly face of Joan Gallori, the mott eonaplououi object 4n tbe direction whenoe the bold worts sad been burled rather than tpoken. Tie OoontMt, r«or»rlog from the mo meottry belief that tbe bed Juit heard the voice of a man whom«he had Dever eetaed to love with all ib~e intenie' jealousy of her tigreit-like heart, and grDatly Vexed with hertelf for having even (or an inttant fancied that it was pottible the man wal there, suddenly conceived the Idea that the insolent apeaker wat Juan Galloa. . - Jaan Galioz ohanoed to bo looking at Mailer Bedwlad ai the oonntesi gave tbe order tpoken of. Amazement at- -the ?nptemc andaoltypf the Engliahman held »uv iuubob|iiij[ rfieu-uuima ior ? tune, ana during that brief, bat very Important time the oountesi gave her order, and with her Berate knd revengeful gate opon his face. ? Had Gallon known that the wat gazing at him as the ipoke, or tospgoted that be was suspeoted, he would probably have sprang from the portmanteau Instantly and hidden himself amid Iho matt of rabble near him. ?? Seize Juan Qalloz and lead him hither I' cried the oountass, in her thrill, harth, yet dear voice, as she acoeptod the iooarge from her banner-bearer. ? 'Seize whom? Mef' roared Juan Galloz, hearing the command distinctly. ' Fire and bonet I Why, it wat— ' Bat before he oould tty another word Matter Maxton gnuped liia lige and jerked him down lo the ground, flat opon hit back. 'Dog ot a itrtitor] Oadmal I!' hiutd Matter Uiiton, and in EngUah, as bit knee prested tbe brent and fail dagger menaced the throat of the attonnded and half stunned innkeeper. ' Siy that -oa spoke the words I Admit— declare to the oountesi tbat yon are the offender V ' Hay, ooaiin, I cannot permit—' began Uaster Bedwind, hearing the command of bit kinsman. ' ' ' Our cause dementi II. I, yonr tnperlot, command ii 1' continued Matter Maiton, ih reply to his eoutin. 'I obey,' aald Matter Bedwind,' relao lantlv. ' ObAV. hntMV»frJif nhvikiUna ' ha added to Gilfot. Evade tbe rage of tbe ctmsttii ji you may be sb!«. ' ' ' Ay, obey— or I - dooonnoe yon to the rabble of Barcelona 1' tald Master Maxton, fiercely. : And at this moment four of thegutrds closed about Galioz and the Englishmen, one eaying : . ' Leavaithe man to di, etrangera.' Master Uazton Toae to Mi feet and atep'ped aside with his' kinsman, who had taken charge of their portmanteau. Galioz scrambled tools feet, scowling and mutter ing, bat offered no-retiiteooe to- the gaardt at they otUared him and Jed hlaS to the very spot on whloh Dam* Bov«da tai jhst re ceived, her 'tuteof taw and dried bee!,' ai he had sxpresiod it to lifmsslf. : If there wai one man in all tbe world of the many detested by Ooantesi Inez whom she desired to soourge more than any other, tbatman wa» the burly, bullying, swaggering, leering, eoowliag innkeeper of The Sweet Bepose. And more than this. Qtlloz was perfeolly aware of this. detjgsiation, . which he had for gotten in his brutBl eagerness to behold the .misery and diugnoe of Dama Boveda-an eagerness which had caniei hHn'toimpru. dently asBume bis late very conepioaons position. - . ' . ' ' ' 'My faith I' thought the guard upon whose thoalden Galioz had held his hands as be stood npon tbe portmanteau, 'I do not think Master Qalloz tp'bke those bold words— though oertalnly they were spoken behind me, and very noar to me. But let me keep my month ehut, for, bouesof the saints I my blood ran cold as I fancied the fieroe oountesi had. her gaze npon my lace as abe said : 'Give me. the - soom-ge, Pedro, I may need it.'': ? ,-. 'Vile fellow I' aald-. the oountess, with her eyes asquint at Galioz', and poising tbe wbonrge in her right band, ?? what meant yon ,by daring to Bpeak in snob a tone, and snoh words in defianoe of my presenoef Fall' back lo yonr plaooi, guards I Speak, ras cal I' Qalloz, fnrious si a mad boll— the visage of which animal hit own greatly resembled— and not daring to give vent (o hit rage and the truth, rolled big eyei .wildly , about him, met the. exultant' gaze pi Dama Boveda — irejolciirg In anticipation of seeiDg Galioz, - ;' weUTiaeted,1' ae.the dame expressed it to shook his bull-like head. ' Fnry take Duma Bovedat' he laid, in his heart. ' The hag is libkiog her chapt with an appetite to see me scourged 1' ' Do not dare deny that yon uttered those insolent woHs-^moro JnsofsiJt In tone than 'in phrase— lor I know that yon are' the culprit,' «t!S the floantsfirstenrty. , . .. . , *^dt*»li«UKedhlseyManaglanorf around at the many hoes about htm, »' thought : -'Theahamel..vThepublicjhame1 Tohe ;flogg«d Uk* WhahBd, and p-;* womanl I ??*? Noble lajdy,M-hB said alou ;' '1 hayehad the honour of being with the noble tJonnt' Soorda— not an boor ago scarcely— and he, I know, would regret— ' ( Vv. . . .. :,' What ) Do you preilume to be* a thinker, for toy brother 4 Down upon, your kneeeJ, You eaw bow. a woman of yoif olais Iraelt jolt now I' exclaimed the oonntess, sndjjenly dealing the innkeeper a bio* ioross his face. ? .Galioz drew his aieeve aorois the smarting widt, that to)d inttapUy whets and how leyerely the stroke had. hurt,- and involun tarily his right hand grasped the hilt bl his sword., . .. ? ?. ..? ?'. : ?- ,j In*n jnstant the «ptan of twenty guards made -a'terrible necklace around his throat with their keen andLgUtterlng points. But a word, a nodtr^WflerMraoahWu wat'' needed to send-a»et« t*en» potqt* clashing: thronghfifirjocir.JiWSiit, andtrkok, . ' ' ? But that wonld.be doath, Instant death to Joan GaUoii*n»4htkvfief flight In eoonrg ingtlm wonldle loiitjtetooonnteBi. ' .- ; *' Disarm and Ibindlitm'nd pnt him upon Witoees^obmmandeaihiepinJteM. , .'May not the Utter move on jrith Lady Mazeenta ere yonr blgfaneee ohaatltet this, man I' asked Balbae. 'LlwouUUkuggeit, at least, noble lady, that the Jlttet;W7«arrtal within the premises now rented by me.*1 ? 'Tbe litter or the maiden ttall remain where it is, aigner,' replied tntmsunlett, hanghtfly;- '!Iiet her quit the tttter UJoo lepentof haviiig gtvta her to giuiiiltoaSt X .???? '?- /- -? .' ?? . ?'??*Sj^B .? --* do not kin the feat of what my brother worahlpi.' 'Kay. (treat lady. Tbe UMei U at the tervloe of her who will *re night be Pint Lidy in Baroelt.ni,' taldBilbao retpeoUoUy o»t pointedly. ' She It not yet, and any never be, Flnt Iitdy In Btrouona,' retorted the oounteei, with a dangeroui aparkle of demon thought in her eye. ' I am Pint Ltdy In Birotlooa, Sfgaor-Cinetta, and'yoa will do wall to bear tbe taot in constant remembranoe. Tour tone la intolent Tour age protect! yon. Be careful.' '? By AUab,' aald Bilbao lo himself, ' I verily believe the Ugnaa woold dare lay her1 eooarge upon me; My age protects met Good I If the only euipeoted now that I am not ten yean older than hertelf I ?' ' Oo bit knees, and with his lunAi erotsed and bound at the.wrUt* behind fait back, Juan Pillog, notdariagto'epeak the truth, cat hit teeth hard together' and made hit lnulelet *%ld to recelt* bit icenrglpg. Charging at' him 'ihB obiuteai dealt -him the trat ttroke, and at jhe reined ' tuck he,' balfrey toebaije and atrike again, » party of horfemea ippeand.M (he distant end of Iba harrow atreet, hna'tbeWabble in thai vicinity began to raise ibmits of alarm. CHAPTER XX OODMT SOOUDi A«D BUI SUTBR. Tm thouts of alarm were rahed beo aut the people at that end of the narrow street. faired they were about to be trampled upon by the bonemen.who had appeared luddenly and at a gallop from another «treet. Countess Inez glanced in that dinotlon, and, as the horsemen were not more than five hundredjiioef distant, readily recognised a party of Count Soorda'a mounted body guards, and amid them the fancied the taw Count. Soorda himself. 'The mounted body-gnardi of the -count were of a very different olaii of tbe people of Barcelona from that of whloh hli foot guardt were compoied. The latter were mainly from the lower ranks of the populace, though their captain! and chief officer! wen membett of tome of the inferior orden of the Catalan nobility ; whereat the private! at well as the ofttcers of the mounted gutrdt were all memberi of the higher orders of nobility. Most ot the privates ot these honemen were wild, reckless, and dlsilpated young aoblat, salons of Umliin iriluh, la the lite political straggle between Soorda and Torreda, were strong partisans of the ambltioui and unicrnpuloai oount. Fif|,y of theie young noblet, around to action at an euly hour by the wlvoi of cannon, and by the varlons rumours suddenly afloat throughout the otty aoon after it became known that Ltdy Mizeenta had escaped irem the Soorda ptlaer, had auem iiled in hute before the latter edifice in Tip fiamblt, and then ridden here and there about the city seeking the count. , They met him jait after be had harried from the fortresi of The Arsenals, and one o them Immediately dismounted and gave up hd hone to tbe count. The oount wat scarcely in the iiddls when he wu lnformep that Lady Mizeeata wat in the litter of the ?uppoted Florentine, and {that the bearert of the litter .htd taken a route whloh, u not obanged, would narry them to the rear of the Soorda palasa.- The ooouHhen direoted bit own oourie thitherward by the ahortett route, and.accompanied by the young noblea, and riding (ait, appeared at one end of the narrow and now crowded ttreet, aa we have juitrehtted. ' The honemen, glittering In burniibed tteel of tbe molt coitly and ihowy armour of the tlmei, and armed with long lanoai, appeued so luddenly In tbe rear of the rabble, that the latter shouted in terror, knowing that slnee Oeoot Storda had become absolute ruler In Barcelona neither be nor his partisans showed any respect for the llvei and Ilmbi of luch of the oommon people at chanced to J» in the way of the reokless and oruel nobility. . . i ??What metai all thU collodion orthe, rabble and rl£f*«ff of Bircelona in the rear of our ptlnoeil' exclaimed Oount Soordt, annoyed by what he aaw, and riding abreatt with three yonngnoMii in advanoe of the otbera. 'lltia up a moment, gentlsmen. Not thai I oare for the comfort of thete bate born knavet before ui— but, my faith, they an too'oloiely packed and preued together in thia nirrow itreet to' allow ut to ride through or over them, Hal I tee the lanut of my noble tiller*! body- guard, fear banner, and— yea, that ii the— and the rich litter of 31gnor Ctrretta. What oan be going on there I The countess appears to be striking aome one, She hai a most devllUh tApper. Forward, gentlemen. Out of tthe way, vagabonds I Prick the knaves with your spear-points, gentlemen I Forward I' The stern, harsh and powerful voloe of the fiery and rnthlen count was plainly heard above the cries ol terror and appeal raised' by the unoSeuding people near his horse men. He was very pale, and his eyes, always sinister, hai a ferocions glare, while bis hard-lined features looked unusually for midable and forbidding as they were framed inthe'wbite and stained cloth with which Hatau had -bandaged the lacerated ear. Chafed! brpised, obasrined and sore from his 'recent struggle ' wltti liord Haralda, Count Sebra'a was In nb mood to be merciful to the oommon people of ?Barcelona, espsoi ally as he had lately heard that many of their number bad uttered what he called (editions whisperings in ont-oMhe-way comers against hli exercise of absolute power. ' ' - ' The unfortunate people got out of the way of tbe advapolng nobles at well' and las last ai &ey;*Dtild-prM!nig*gatn!t eabti other, top' the 'sleep walla LflnTelther aide oMbe narrow street -whererer -they; oonld find a crevioe to place a finger or a toe,whHe-here and there 'some sank down and were re mowelewly trodden npon by their terrified oomradeb* *??'*:'? ? ' ; .«B«lbao saw that the same terror and press would soon'tie near tbe gate of his hired ipalaee, and that his foliage-bidden grounds iwonlil aatarally be rushed for as a plaoe of refuge 4-y hundreda ot people who would no longer remember the tales of ghosts that bong about tbe plaoe. ?' . - .- .- '?: ; He epoke privately to Ahmed' 'All, ami In stantly that active subordinate forced ::hi« way through the. Inez guards thtt were between the litter and the gateway,, and a moment later saw the strong gate closed and barred. -' .»??-? ! Meanwhile Countess Inez commanded her' guards beyon-l the litter to face about and level their lances towards tha people who were between tbe advanoing nobles and tier own '?party. ?-? ;' - f-t * i i . « It is my brother,' thought the bounteaf ,? f'and he would -not suffer me.-tp soonrge tils rascal Qalloz, perhaps. I shall have' time to give the insolent hound a very fine thrashing, however, before my brother oan bhe«knme--G;tworkfast:-- Tbe emmtes-f 'then proceeded to 'work' Uki,' and/ *° do her fustiee, we must tay {tbat she did ' work last,' and give Joan Galioz a most «ptd, Marching,- ilUnging, ?lathing, aid powerfol seuntgingrAMiiigTtaot Sn theleast partlonUrwhsther the^ebutge: f«U upon Its head', tack, iamli or IieMifc/ i At the tame time It is neoeef ary :to say that Gallok did not raceive atlowmore than jrisoonsfituttOBal Craseality and]long - aa-i ipualshedvmiiinya^stCTid, ^..i-,:: r',..i Brining «p her well-trained palfrey near the kneeling imtoh, and iranlng well o*u him, the oennUtt stormed down- a pertaot temptitol strokes apon him. . Tue oountats had (he t^ranglhof ? strong nan, and Juan Galloa -bad not the fortitude that had enabled Dama Bov^da to rictlve berponlihrnmtwllbout a whimper. He howled) He roared 1 He bellowed I Dama Boveda danced *nj fulvsrad »llb delight. More (ban once while the eoonrge wu falling npon her shoulders sh*. Lad noted the eager joy with abioh the ion keeper leered, grinned, and stared at her over the helmet of the aeeommodtUng soldier. It was her turn to 1m joyful now. yet the wu not- wholly lalliBed, for more than once tbe laid to beraelf: ' Ob, I wish Phillip r««a oould have half |of It for eaUloc n-a.a- ?nap-dragon 1' . We do notluiow bow mnoy plows. Gallpa received ere tbe oouutess d*tlt(ed .from her working *o4aet. ,Hj» had a itrong be Ilef that he received aemewhtto In the neighbourhood, of five miUioDs— though probabiy.not more than a hundred, itroka* wen struck. when' OpunVSBordaealUdoul: 'ConnUBl SitUr! In«sJ SWpl date that work I For shame I Btopl' . ? .. But the count wai cot mar enough to tiiae hit sitter's arm as he thus ihDuted j and whin did an angry woman ever hold her' striking arm or railing tongue the instant lawful or unlawful authority commanded her obedisnoe. On the contrary, tbe countess dealt b«r stroke! all tbe faster 'and fiercer 'after the oount shouted at her, UU he daahed forward and severed the deuendlng scourge near her hand with a furious iweep of hit keen-edged anord; to that we are pleated In btlag able to lay that the guilty and howling Innkeeper received about a hundred and twenty blowi — whloh were by no meant a whipping for a baby,' As a. final blow the ccuntet*. horl«d the heavy butt of the toourge at (he head of Gtlloz, and as the w«i very expert in burling au tunas ol miuuei et nor anum, me weighty mats, as bard aa ttone, atruek the bratal meal saujxc!z.i!f-Veen ble ugly eyei, and tumbled him over upon bit baoi. .All In all, tbls punUhment wai the wont and moit oomplete overthrow Ju»n Oalloz bad ever had— eipeclally u it was in&loted; in public and by the band of a woman. ' Shame, sister I' exclaimed Count Swrda, ai he reined up hli hone abrett wltb that of the faming coautsn. 'Stumel Wi-r tbl* publlo dlipUy of your ttormy temper '' ' The rascal— your pet knave there— epoke insolently 'to me In publlo,' rrplled the oounteis, her voloe and lips tremulous with rage and excitement. ' Aud when ? I offered to punlih him in publlo he dared to clip his bewtly hand upon the hilt of his aword.' ' My lord,' said Galioz, who had torambled to hit kneel, ' aa I am a living man, I meant no disrespect to the noble oountesi I I—'1 'Silence in my presents I' cried the volcanic woman. 'Speak again before me In your defence, and by heaven 1 will have yon out to pieces on the epot. You have offendid me, and escaped with your life. Tou are more fortunate than many otten have been. Another time you may not be to fortunate.' Her eyei darted inch teirible nge at the innkeeper thtt -he hung bit great bull-like toad and trembled In bit buiklnt. 'Tour dear lady- love,' continued the conntmi, and addressing the scowling count, ' Ii in that litter— u you tee. I advbe you teloae no time In making her; Flnt Lady of Barcelona, or the may' eaotpe your love for ever.' Tarnlog then to the captain of her gnarda, the gave tome brief oommaud, and rode haughtily (and alowly toward the rear entrance of the Srarda palace. Her troops cloud around and behind' her, and moved with her. 11 1 would she were dead— or the wife of Bilbao the Sartoea— or tnyirhere out of Christendom— that. I 4S)ight' sever fee he face or hear her voioe again I' 'muttereS Count Soorda, at he darted a glauoe of wrath and chagrin after hit tlster. 'I would the Engllihman she loved had loved her, married her, and carried her henoe fifteen yean ago I She wai half-fiend then, but tlsce he loomed her love ahe baa become all fiend. 1 would the demon had her 1 I am afraid of her I' He turned to the sergeant ol his IodI guards and aald : ' Explain this soourging, Ftbto Atvaro.' ' The sergeant obeyed, and, with the brevity ol a TsteraD, as lar at ho undentood the matter. ' : ' I admire and will reward'yonr zeal, Joan Galioz, though I cannot believe that Oounteis Inez would have made Ltdy MaEtenta quit, tbe Utter,' said Count Soorda. ' Snob purpose was plain upon the faoe of her highnen,' remarked tbe sergeant, who had no love for tbe coaotess, ?' elte I am snre Mailer Galioz -would not have spoken so boldly as be did.' ' May I die in tbe dutches of the mob ol Barcelona, If I spoke a single' word,' said Galioz to himielf. 'It wai Benor Biobard —may the fiend confound and claw btm and Senoj Arthur I' He rolled his fieroe and bloodshot ayes around, and as they met the steady and powerful gaze of Master Maxton, he trembled again aud let his glance rove elsewhere. ' Unbind Galioz, sergeant,' commanded the oount, 'And, Oalloz,' he continued, ' you thall have a hundred pieoes of gold for what. yon have suffered, and for your zeal In my service to-day. You were right and brave -to say that all honour should be given to the intended bride of Count Sootda. Dome hither to my stirrup that 'I may : 'Voi»«t-iioMbat Iflad of:a mantf. sooorge can bi healed by gold.'' t,t '?? -? Gafloz gazed keenly up into the dark and sinister- eyes of iheT4ibbl», and' read there tbat whioh emboldened him to reply : ' Tour gnaraeisitnows me well.' 'So I thooght/GaUoa. Bot aooept the hundred pieeesi-they truTbe peidtoyouat my balace to-morrow-^and tea times u many shall be yours If wtUiiM fweek yon proud lady's high head C lower-^muoh lower— than we tee it to-dtry: TdttaBaaatandtae 7' ' Perfectly, my^lord.r « -,': '' ?' -'By my faith,'' continued' the count, sttmlbw, 'thsUr* Of ray »rid« *fll not b, safe; I tblnk, alter the look of ftenaiiu hate the oountess «*tt upon -her i* the »K-3e awaj.' ?' '_' ? ;' ;':. \u ; ^ ';-? '?_?; To be continued. 