THE SKETCHER. "COMMON DODGES." BY OLD BOOMERANG. SOME of my readers may remember an aboriginal black man who a few years ago used to live in a bark gunyah off the roadway at the eastern side of Rose Bay. What his real name was I do not know, but his nickname was Rickety Dick, probably so called from his decrepit condition. His lower limbs were paralyzed, and he could only crawl from his hut to the roadside, where he usually sat all day long, clamouring for money or "bacca" from passers-by. I dare say many riders and drivers on that road have good reason to remember old Dick, through their horses having bolted at the sight of him, for he was indeed a frightful specimen of humanity. One day, as I was enjoying a leisurely walk in that beautiful locality, I stopped before Rickety Dick's hut for the purpose of having a few minutes' chat with him. I have had a good deal of intercourse with the native blacks in my time, and have usually found them glad to talk with me, so I was surprised to see that Dick was not at all anxious for a gossip, for he did not even give me the customary greeting of "Goo' mornin', massa!" "Perhaps the poor old fellow's limbs are unusually painful this morning," I thought, and I called to mind times in my own experience when I dreaded the intrusion of mere gossiping acquaint- ances. I was about to pass on and leave Dick to his seclusion, when, in an imperious tone, he shouted, "Gim me tikeepence!" By a passing glance into his gunyah, I could see an abundance of bread and cooked meat and a square gin bottle, so I judged that he was not so much in want of money as some poor persons were whom I knew in Sydney; besides, I had not a small coin in my pocket. "I have not sixpence to give you this morning, Dick." I was going to add, "I will send you an old cloak to- morrow, to keep you warm." But before I could say it, he again yelled out with an oath, "Gim me tikeepence!" I said, "If I had sixpence I would not give it to you now, for your impudence." I do not know if Dick understood what I said, but he began to swear and roar in a way that was downright hideous. I walked off as fast as I could, for I thought he was going to throw a nullah or a boomerang; but he only hurled curses at me, which were quite harmless to me. I could hear his frantic shrieks when I was nearly half- a-mile away; and I fancied that had any other persons heard them they would perhaps have thought that he was being cruelly illused. The conclusion I came to at the time was that Dick was suffering from the effects of drink; but I have since had reason to believe that his shrieking out in that furious way was a common expedient of his to extort money from persons who he saw were going to pass by without dropping a silver coin into his hat. It is not improbable that the poor old fellow was under the delusion that I was a bushranger going to plunder his hut; and he knew that a bushranger's victim had better cry out at once, for usually it is the only chance he has of being able to cry out at all. Whether Rickety Dick's motive was to intimidate me or to punish me by drawing down public feeling against me I can only surmise, but either way there was nothing new in his policy. They were common old dodges, and they did not serve Dick at all on that occasion. It is needless to speculate how and where he learnt his cunning tricks, whether from the example of street larrikins or exalted statesmen; there is no doubt as to the evil source of trickery in general, and the more we investigate it the fainter grows our hope of a human cur My experience of the boys of older countries than this has not been very great, and I am not well able to judge if they are as expert in artful dodgery as the larrikins of this colony are; all I can say is, that any boys who are a match for our Sydney boys must be cunning boys indeed. A friend of mine—Mr. Trueman—who lives less than three hundred miles from Sydney, has an apprentice lad whom he believes was specially sent to him as a severe test of his patience. Dan was reared in a public institution in Sydney, and it is evident that reading, writing, and arithmetic are not all that he learned there. Perhaps he had a few years' experience of street life before he went to the asylum, but of that I am not sure. He was not a bad- looking boy, and the first time I saw him I thought my friend Trueman had got in Dan the making of a sort of right-hand man; and as I called to mind bio- graphical sketches of great men, in this colony and else- where, who were once poor, illiterate boys, I could conjure up a fanciful picture of Dan, twenty- five years hence, standing on the hustings and returning thanks to the sensible electors of M------- for placing him at the head of the poll as representative of their fine city. But a closer acquaintance with Dan dulled my hope of his ever rising above a common level, for, if he were not positively lazy, he certainly was not a diligent boy. Seeing him one day going at a job which was not agreeable to his taste reminded me of the sluggish movements of the road chain-gangs in days of yore, and I muttered to myself, "Ah, Dan, my boy! If you could only see as clearly as I can that the lazy old Govern- ment-stroke which you are now learning will injure your- self far more than it will cheat your absent master, you would never try it again, whatever job you're set to." One day Dan's master caught him in an improper act, the nature of which it is needless to explain, and, being uncommonly vexed, he gave the urchin a well- deserved box on his ear. Perhaps he meant to give him a second box—for such boxes usually go in pairs— but before he could do it, he was startled by the most heathenish screams he had ever heard. Dan flung himself on the ground and shouted so lustily that his master was fairly appalled. "Stop your roguish noise; you are not hurt!" he said excitedly, as he took the boy by the collar and tried to lift him on to his feet. But Dan resisted to the utmost, and roared out at his loudest pitch—indeed, if his master had been scalping him or scoring him all over with a red-hot poker, he could hardly have yelled out more furiously. Singing out before he was hurt was a dodge that he was well up in. Soon some of the neighbours rushed into the backyard to see who was being killed, whereupon Dan changed his roar to a piteous whine, and wriggled about as if he had sustained some grievous internal injury. Now, there is, perhaps, not a man in the world, whether he lives in a large community or in a small one, who is wholly free from enemies, and Mr. Trueman was not an exception. Some of the neighbours who had been attracted by Dan's outcries were glad of a chance to abuse Mr. Trueman, and a meddlesome old woman, a few doors off, flung up her back window and cried, "Shame! shame on you, old Trueman, to beat a poor orphan boy in that savage way!" It was very little use for Mr. Trueman to explain that he had only given the boy one small cuff on the head; all the feeling was against him, and one excited bystander vowed that he would knock Mr. Trueman's nose off if he put a finger on the boy again. In the meantime Dan got on his legs, and stood leering at his master with the sly exultant look of a wicked old thief who had just escaped a penal sentence through a legal quibble of his counsel. If Dan got a box on one ear, his good master got both his ears assailed by a torrent of abuse such as he could scarcely have deserved for anything short of wil- fully cutting and wounding. That was the first cuff he gave to his obstinate apprentice, and I dare say he will reflect a little before he cuffs the boy again, and brings all his spiteful neighbours out upon him. Dan gained the day, or got the best of his master—not by fighting, but by crying out lustily, and drawing out public sympathy on his side; but it is morally certain that his victory will not be of any permanent advantage to him. It would be simple for me to predict that he will not rise in the world if he perseveres in his low cunning ways, for he may see living examples enough all around him to encourage him under anything that might be said against his policy. It is true he may rise, for a while, to an influential position in the world through a course of trickery, but it is very certain that the end of his career will not a glorious one. Since penning the foregoing lines, I have been ruminating for half-an-hour over old times, and I cannot find that the boys of forty or fifty years ago were as artful as the boys of the present age; any way, those of my early acquaintance were not remarkable for crying out for nothing. I dare say that when I was a boy I might have got fewer stripes from my schoolmaster's cane if I had cried out lustily before I was hurt. Still I do not look back with regret at the patient endurance of my young nature; on the con- trary, I feel gratified to remember that I used to take my seasonable whackings like a little man, and said nothing about them out of school. There are perhaps very few healthy, spirited boys that wholly escape the rod. If a boy can get along without punish- ment, let him think himself exceptionally lucky; but if he gets a merited flogging occasionally, he had better take it with good-natured submission, and make no fuss about it. I warrant that he will be better pleased with himself if he lives to be a man than he will be to reflect that he used to roar out like a bull-calf as soon as his tutor lifted a stick, and that he tried to make folks outside think there was wilful murder going on inside the school. I may as well take this opportunity of saying that I have not much sympathy with parents who are too ready to go to war with a schoolmaster for giving a salutary caning to their refractory sons. A notice of the tricks of modern society would fill as many volumes as the Popular Encyclopædia, and it would be more dismal work to me than writing ghost stories. I have just glanced at two tricks that are current among the old beggars and the young larrikins of our land. I despair of curing the old Rickety Dicks by anything I can say or write; but I do hope that some of my boy readers may be in- fluenced to shun all deceptive practices, even though they may be playfully called "Common Dodges." 