THE departure of tbe monthly mail affords an excellent opportunity for drawing up a fresh indictment—or, at least, a fresh ver- sion of the old indictment—against the BERRY Ministry, for the benefit of readers in the old country. If the framers of these periodical indictments are to be believed, the colony of Victoria at tbe present time is reduced to a condition of political, financial, and social ruin. There is no hope for it. Chaos has come, and there is not the ghost of a chance of a Cosmos being 'evolved from it. The colony,' our English friends are informed, is wholly in the power of a Ministry " distinguished alike for its ignorance and reddeSBnees, winch does not' hesitate to effect a coup d'état for the purpose of paying its followers ; which dismisses the civil servants as a measure of political ???, which exists by the aggravation of class animosities, and governs principally by meansofcomiption." Tbesame Ministry, we are farther informed, ie carry ing on " a systematic attack on the pro pertied and intelligent classes." .The Governor is represented as bdne"a complete puppet in tbe hands of his advisers." Everything is topsy-turvy with us, and all the laws of national progress are, in onr case, practically reversed. With these highly-colored pictures of the ctikjhy's condition held np before thev--eyea,the English capitalists are solicited to give atten tion to the request to lend .ob £ve millmn sterling, which accompanies the very journals containing the misrepresentations. Clearly, if they should do so, andlf they shall give full credence to the statements before them, they will think twice before they draw their purse-strings and put down the snm required. No sensible nan of bnaness would tend his money toa conntTy in the condition described. He woald natu rally doubt the -security.- -fle wonld tiot even be tempted by the magnificent offer of a half jw cent- more thra tbe rate of interest current in the market. " Victorian fonr- and-a-halfe 1 No, thank yon. I shall rather choose to risk my cash in Tnrkish bonds, in Mexican debentures, in Venezuelan consols, or in Costa Bica treasmy notes, than to throw it away by taking op the worthless paper of a Government - which is doing all it can, if Miere be thefeaat particle of trnthinthestatementa before mej tnhnmnh capital from the country it misgovern.," We pot it to any impartial reader whether something like this would not be the language of a British capitalist in the tir- enmatanoee stated. The conseqaence woidd he a very considerable unmediafe locs to this colony in money. 'A decline «f only 1 per cent, in the value of a loan of five millions is a loss of £50,000 in the aggregate, and so on fe proportion, "fffho can tdl how many times this snm most be mnitipiied in order to represent the tetd loes accruing to ns on this single financial transaction ? And yet the chaijp of en deavoring tp depredate the dedit of the colony fe indignantly repudiated by the joaraSliBtB ytiio send home the eeripusshd weighty IndictmehtB we have quoted horn, tide by tide with the inteOigenosthatthe colony wants a fresh loan of so many mil- liana .cteriing !. In anch a plain case, it fe: eqmdly vain to argoe or to proteak The facts stand for the reason; and protest fe scooted as merely party de nunciation. We do not now care to -do either one or the other. We merely plaoa the corrdative statements tide by aide, and tilow them to speak their own plain mean-' ing. And lf that meaningbe not a deli berate attempt to ay -down onr pnblfe credit, all -wife can Bay is tbat-ipfeip words have no at afi. Eqntily nsetaes do we hold ' it to be td traverse the various giaring misrepreeentatioife and misstatements nwitemoA in . the in-' dadnenfc Otherwise we inight ppi&t; cat tilht it fa a gross abase Cf langaagetii tp bf a coup dVfct as being e®scted ht the 3ebby Ifinlstiy. The RnnA pMe' means Bottnng iess than an overtormtir of - the wlule fabric <# Gorecamei»-to estahlishment nf militerj, example, on tiie ndns of a repoHfc7 Of 'conise there has been nbttii 7;tiijs :Knd here — nothing even afproadiiiig to it. Eveiy act of the Executive Council has been duly authorised and endorsed by Her Majesty's representative. Nothing lawless, nothing illegal, has been done at any time. Even with respect to the dis missal of the County Court jndgee, the Supreme Court gave its judgment, the other day, in favor of the perfect legality of that act. What, then, has been revolu tionary, what has been unlawful, in the conduct of the present Government? Not a single act, we reply; and it is simply playing fast ..and loose with., troth to use those terms in speaking of their political conduct. We do not in the least object to the occasional use of. .strong. Ian-., guage in political - warfare. We are not over squeamish abbot a .rough phrase or two. Bnt troth is truth, all tbe world over; and in the very crisis of the hottest poli tical debate, the conscientious journalist will never overleap the barriers that divide truth from falsehood. Abusive terms applied to political opponents juBt pass for what they are worlb, aDd jjo more. Whenia leading member of tbe Opposition stigmatises tbe Ministry of which, unfortunately for him self, be is not a member, as an ignorant, an incapable, and a reckless Ministry, we all know what, he means. Bat if he goes further, and asserts that it fe a Ministry which effects coups d'etat, and that governs by means of systematic corruption, be fe usually held bound to prove ins words by a reference to facts, or else to be content to be himself set down by the public as a reckless perverter of troth. The same thing holds of any jonrna that at feast pretends to have some reputa tion for truthfulness. Of course there are journals, jost as there are politicians, whose words no man regards; whose praise fe censure, and whose censure praise: But to be classed with such journals, as with poli ticians of the same stamp, is to be; ranked amongst the disreputable eectionB of society. We write more in boitow than in anger, because we were beginning to indulge the hope that, however fierce may be onr local political struggles and strifes, there had come to be a tadt agreement amongst all the respectable portion of the Victorian press tint the credit of the country abroad must no longer be defamed. It is a prac tice that journalists and. politicians .of all creeds and classes ought to combine to pnt down ; ' and . those journals or ' politicians who habitually indulge in it ought to be ruled as lying outside the pafe of respec tability. Tbe Chief Secretary will, thu morning, at the Prince's room, Craig's hotel, aftiklf-paat eleven o'clock, receive the deputation, representing all sections of the community, to urge the desirability otformxding (he drainage of die Sebastopol and Dhflmin pnttem m a national »nliam» It is un necessary for us to pqint .ont the importance of ' every interest in tbe district being represented on tbe deputation, to show the Chief . Secretary. that i we are in earnest in this matter, and if this ia done : there fa tittle doubt that the Government will assist in tbe work, and so bring prosperity to the mining industry in this portion of the district. The hon. Miniate of Mines will introduce the deputa tion. .. . ! . There is very tittle' chance "of Die mystery shrouding the recent - accident at the Britannia claim bring ever cleared up, as Clemence is Dot' likely to recover from the fearful injuries he re ceived. All day yesterday he was gradually! becoming worse, and in the afternoon he had five' -fits, winch will most probably-hasten his death. At his only conscious moment he expressed a de sire to be buried with his. father, but as yet he has aid nothing concerning the occurrence that caused his present sufferings. When our reporter enquired lata last night he wa informed mat the unfor tunate man was gradually sinking. - The hon. the Chief Secretary, accompanied by! Mrs Berry and the hon. Major -Smith, Minister of Mines and Education, andaeveral other members of Parliament, came to Ballarat yesterday, to lay the foundation-stone of the new wing to the Public Library. Mr Berry arrived abont twelve o'clock, and was warmly received at the Eastern Railway station by tbe representatives of the Town Council and Public Library . committee. He was at once escorted to tbe residence of the mayor (Mr Long), whose guest -he ia during his stay here. Id the. afternoon tbe foundation-stone was laid with great ceremony; and a report of the proceedings, which, thanks to«teefiirientcoiriyfli'f|pf|>n»'' a tawte took pl«ee, at which abort «00 iSSS were present, and addresses were delivered by the Chief Secretaiy and others. : An inqoest was held yesterday by Mr Tbom- aon, coroner, on the body of George Qnerree. Who was killed in a mine on the White HmseSwto on the tod . instant. John Pike deposed that on too morning in" question deceased was " at the bottom of tbe shaft sending np dirt and water wtaess bring at the top. At about deven o'clock witness heard a splash, and called down the shaft, but got no answer. . Witness then -went down the shaft; and fonnd deceased on his knees, his head bring supported by the backet. He was breathing hrevfiy, bat never spoke, and died in a few nimitos. The abaft was 90 reet deep, and slabbed to wiflfin S feet of the botW Who eiia not he« any dirt fell out of the backet, which had been emptied about a minute and n_haB before he heard the splash. David Dalzdl deposed that there was a drive at the 40 feet level, which had been -filled in and toe face riabbednp. . Cbartea. Stewart, inspector of mines, deposed that he had examined the mine in question. At the drive mentioned, witness fonnda slab .knocked back, leang a spare about 12 inches wide. Witness discovered the deceased's hatrnt the bottom of the shaft, along with a stone — which, on comparison, he found tb he of the same nature as the rock in the drive, hat " different from that at the bottom of the .shaft. Other wit nesses were examined, who, by 'their evidence, attributed the existence of this open spare to a settlement in the ground. Dr Bancedenoced that death had resulted from extensive frtcture of the skull, and the juiy returned a verdict of accidental death. - : r j We hear that the Garden Protection Society do not intend to. prosecute the fitdehoy caught on Thursday by Mr Ward stealing flowers. The society think that the good rating given him by his school-teacher, Mr Annstroug, in addition to a sound beating he got from bis (alter, will suffice In this case. An examination in telegraphy was held at the School of Mines yesterday by Mr K. L. J. Ellar F.B R, and Mr Samuel W. M-Gowan, cxamirera Efefateen candidates presented themselves for examination, and thirteen passed; seven out of this Dumber vitb credit. Tbfi tice-preudoit beg toreted that a list of the snccessfnl candidates shall be at once posted on the notice-board of the rehooVand the foUowing is a copy C. J. Wild C. Hoss,"C. Burns. C. Graham 3. Jolly, A Tnw.' Toy— with credit; also, C. Balaton, O. Alder- aon, A. Bennett, B. WDtiama,' W. Eohton. B. -Moore. - ' : Measre Hostel andficott, J.P,«rerided at (he Town Pohce Court yesterday, and sent Georwe lily, alua Cowan, to gaol tor three monthE ems riiaige, which we have already detailed, of steafenv eadi on ammflar charge. - -- \ An interesting report was read at the me≠ of the United Hand and Band T Company (ferine! after the fint sale by the National Bank, under k ami toown as the new cbmpan«) feat even ing, by which it will he seen that action is about to lor over A12J10Q, on the grounds set forth. .... _ Tto Oiphan Asylnm thildren.rtrited Lae Weodouree sod the Botanical Gardens yesterdar end were loudly taken for a tail by Mr Tartar -Wch they ' At tbe Bungalee : Police Conrt on ThnrsdsV tiiere was «me nssanltcase set down for hearing, but, in-Mie sihrence trf a beuch of magistrates, tte clmk of the court postponed the hearing of the fcaae Until Thursday, the lOlh instant- - - - .«» Ounre Botoo .Qfranca meeting on UTmrsday evening, a letter was . icceiredTftom Afatodi.faapm.n and Ca.trf CluneshxriHerv, relhng atteutMU to the arenmstonres under wfaldi sent jBp r»4y fitfe4 Jrom J4ribcrafi._ioS: jsjrsrsi'tx ss; laek noHafetion. It has here I»rt of the Govermneot, that ft was comdderwd I to tbe depaxmeot. A letter was received from the I Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition committee, in- viting the mayor of dunes to become one of the vice- patrons. His worship accepted the invitation. The mayor was also elected by the council to act as representative for the borough at the conference to.be held in Melbourne regarding -the renewal of the' endo wmen t clauses in the Local Government Aft. This was in reply to a letter from tbe shire council of Echuca- The balance of endowment for 1878, £214 2s fid, was received. > Mr Thomas timper, district coroner, Arid an- Inquest on Bunwty at Steffen's hotel, Haddon, on the body of Thomas George Riley, aged one year and ten months. From the evidence given, it appeared that: the fathered tlie-chiid wentto fetch a backet of water on Wednesday, and found the body floating on (he surface, but nothing was elicited to show how it came' there." Before the witnesses lrit -the coroner -pointed tmt the neoes- sity of having waterholes covered or seenrriy fenced ofi, as it had beenhia painful duty to hold enquiry into the cansc of death of several children every summer from want of tbis precaution. A verdict of accidental death was retained. A meeting in connection with tbe Hospital Sun day movement was held in the town ball, Scars- dale, on Wednesday. The mayor presided, and- representatives of most of tbe denominations were present. It was decided'to adopt the date fixed by the Ballarat committee, viz., 27th October ; also, that the amounts collected in the various churches .be handed to the mayor for distribution among tbe charities. ...... The parade of (he B.V.R. yesterday morning was only moderately attended. Colonel Anderson was present, and blank ammunition was served ont, bnt owing to the small muster the proposed arrangements were not carried through. Those pre- sent. hwever, were exrtrised 'tor about, an'hour, by Colonel Rede, in tight infantry tnovements: We were shown yesterday a portion of a hand some silver tea and coffee service, the workmanship of Mr H. F. Hutton, jeweller, successor to Mr Gerard. The eervice. whicb consists of four pieces, is to be presented, by the inhabitspts of Saltan, to Dr liar. The v ruio'us "pieced are very" nicely I finished in oxydised and bright silver, and are very creditable specimen of the silversmith's art. The largest piece- bam. the following .inscription;— ".Presented to.DrJ.tL Mam fay the reridentsaof Ballon and neighborhood, as a token «f their high Bense of his great slriU as a medical man, and their appreciation of him ss a private- gentleman. A handsome goid: locket, xoitably inscribed, and a massive chain, accompanies the solver service. Mr Seymour Cuthbert will shortly give a phrenological entertainment in the Burrumbeet State school, in aid of the funds of the Ballarat Hospital and Ballarat Orphan Asylum. The par- ticulars are to be advertised next Tuesday. We have received a printed circular making an appeal to thepoMicJarsaibsaqitioiis towards the erection of the "Metropolitan Tabernacle" in Melbourne, from Mr Variey, to which we referred the other day. Tbe new building is to be 180 feet long and 79 feet wide, and to be capable of holding some '7000 persona. At tbe Clones police court yesterday, before Measre Nicholson and Bqbinson, J.F, Mary Sutton was sentenced to 'tixmonths imprisonment, for stealing five £1 -notes, and 19s in. silvery from a Chinaman named Ah Wing, in a public-house on the previous day. .! . , The qoaitely contort in connection with the Prince "Albert Lodge, LO.G.T., was held last night in the City Fire. Drigade hall. Br . Boyd, P. W.V.G.T., occupito the diair, Mr Field pre siding at the piano, and Mr Grey officiating j as conductor. An excellent programme wa gone through to tbe satisfactioo of a large audience ; the following Tocaliata kindly rendering their ser vices :— Misses Ftdd ond Gray, and Messrs J. B. Grey. Ri MiUer. T. Sift, Fidd, E. Meagher, and T. Miller. Mesare T. Barker and Hamilton took second prize for waggons at the National Show :hdd in ; Gerfong this week. A handsome writing desk, value five guineas, ! Mr Preshaw's special prize for commercial pen manship at the Juvenile Exhibition, is on view at Mr Stanafield's, Start street. It was 'w'cm byi Edward Fimus,. hf the Ballarat Commercial College. As wfil be seen by. advertisement in another colnmn, Madame - Olga .Dnboin, the oeiehrated Russian pianiste, will give two grand subscription concert at the Academy of Music on Thursday and Friday next, assisted by the Australian nightin-: gale, Miss E. AiberniJWangenhtam ; Mr Frederick' Dawson, the celebrated brew; and'MrW. R. Fur-' long, the eminent basso, Subscription tickets can now be obtained from the mnricsdlcre, Mr W. J. Gates, and at Bardwdl and Beaurhamp's, where balcony seats may be reserved for either night. A meeting of cab-owners will be held at Brophy's hotel next Wednesday evening, at right o'clock, to consider. P important business." - . The bulb show vriU he continued at Messrs long and Co.'s Shop, in Bridge street, to-day. ' Tbe programme of the sacred concert to take place in the Dawson Street. Baptist Church next Tuesday, will befennd published in our advertising columns this morning. . : ' — j win ue"ptrecbed— in the morning by the Rev. J. C. MacdongalL in the K- H-B And the evening by tbe Bev. W. A. Quick. A tea and public meet-: feg will take place on the following Tuesday. We are informed by Mr W. j. Gates that Mr J Furlong has seeded the Academy of Music for Chnstmas Night; when he intends to give a grand miscellaneous «<«d concert; wlth aU the "heat available local talent, assisted ; by eome artists from Melbourne. : ' "Words of Grace" for the month of October is' a very readable nnmber, and deserves to be ex tensively bought by the general pnbUc. . : / Mr Sadleir desires to acknowledge, wife thanks, the receipt of a work- box, which -was given by the donor for one of the orphan children. A tea and concert," nndef the auspices of the EkmeerTent. No. wiU take place to the Temperance Hall, Humffray street, next Tuesday ttoritog, tor the benefit of Br J. Harry. Special Services to connection wjtit the Sabbath school will be held in the Presbyterian Church, Fed street, to-morrow, when the Bev. S. Kelso, of Stawell, will preach morning and evening, and the Bev. W. Clark to the afternoon. A tea meeting will take place on Monday 4rehing. ; A meeting will be held at Rust's hotel, B.1W tbis evening, for the pnrpotoof presenting Dr Mare with testimonials, in recognition of Ms services to tbevesidenfe of the district. Anniversary cervices will bo held in the Lydiard Street Presbyterian Church, Soldiers HilL to morrow, when the Rev. Elder Gray, of Ctones. will preach in the mtorning and eveaine. and' the Bev. J. G. Ferrin in the afternoon.' A tea mee'tini will be held in the supper-room of the Alfred Hal on tbe following evening. To-day (says the Herald) the unfortunate man Supple, after eight years incarceration at Pent- ndge, will be set at liberty. Few (adds onr con temporary) will regret to hear of the action taken to favor of Supple, whose conduct during his in carceration has been most exemplaty. The Minister of Mines (says the Ave)onHiimdsy visited Williamstown for the pmposenf inspectinr toe new diamond driHs.rocen.ly'cwdered Pennsylvania Diamond Drill Company, and which reschedtoexctoay fay tfaeahip Blark Hawk. The drills are fonnd to be in excdlent order, and as toiiratpa of toe working parts .faave bcen for- warded, no Texstions delays are likely to occnr shonld any portion of the matoineiy be damreed. The Minister hopes by toe end of next year touse the drills in testing the plains between Clones and Majorca. " &«ardli« toe propoeal of Bidrip Mootooose, to have idfekra taoght in State schools, the Via- lortan Independent says " If the State is re- sponsiMe for toe religions ina traction St Hie ybnng, i a fortiori, she is bound toprovideior adoltsft »e are brought bade at pnee to tofe <« toeifiy of church estaMbfament, or. tovtfaertin more pernicious broad chorch dogma," Ihat'chtoto and Slate are one." I The Age finds, from the reports of the Central Criminal Gourt. ImjtdotortMrHotrdjBindon, son of Judge Bindon, late of Mrfbourne, iaprad-! rising at tiie English bar. it Letters (xays titeAtpmJhavefaeen-racavBdJ; toe San Fisnasoo mu, announring that Mr. Somerrille LearmtMith died in London oo tKe 4 th AngvL= Mr Learmontfa was anoldaud xoqiect colonist, whose liberality wfil be long remembreed. He was a member wf.thefinD-of T. and sTEea? month, who owned HreBdaan rtaliou, -near Bal- larat, . whiGh tbey aold «ome yean ' ago to Sir Sttnurf . WBson. They were also tbe proprieto of toeRgerton mine, -which tonned the siiSectbf an equity suit wtochexfited, considerable notice n. year 'Or twoa|jo. ryvefe,1ienaft; largely iq- teested in sqnattmg properties to Riverina. Mr Somervnie Learmonth went to England shortly after the conclusion of toe "i"g suit ; Mr Berey (etys toBcAge) does not offer at re1 enconngement to those who are uurions for the annexation of New Gninea to Victoria. In reply to a qneation aAed to toe Aasembly on Thursday light, he said be Would regard New Gninea aa k veiy doubtfni aoqAsitibn.: Hmytdddinse a larre anmimt of money to be taken ont of toe cdony, and to would result in large numbers of peopte leaving here. He firw'bo reason, toerefore/wlS toe Government of this colony should bterfcr£ Fiji. | It seems probable tmys the Argue) that toe firit opportunity of receiving European news wfB be &>Cli£L3 6ac SAOBE KLafaS | the Netherlands-India Steam Navigation Com pany's steamer Atjeh, which was to leave Batavia on the 1st of October, and Soerabays on toe 5th October, arriving at Fort Darwin on toe 12th October. She leaves Fort Darwin oo the 15th of October. News (says toe Age) was received by toe Chief Commissioner of Police on Tbhrsday that toe four prisoners who escaped from a working gang at Maryborough, were captured at Jarklin, near Durham Ox, fay Detective Potter and three con- Staltee. The .convicts wQl betaken to Sandhurst at dhce, and 'remanded from thence to " Mary borough, where they will be deslt with for their escapade. The "district (says- toe Cresmck Advertiser) ground Spring Hill and Kingston is looking most promising The crops bare a vigorous growth and healthy took, and all parts present evidence of Jhe, .promise of a "bountiful ' harvest! The principal thing that is juat now troubling millers and holders of wheat is -where -to find an outlet for the stocks of breadstuffs now on hand before toe new harvest is cat. Some interesting facts (says toe Age) (elating to the progress made by the colony in prosperity have been laid before Parliament this week, and oh Thurfday night Mr Patterson added farther . strength to toe refutation of toe misrepresentations' ' of those who persiBt to asserting that, from political causes, the colony is going to the dogs. Mr Patterson said be had been furnished with a return showing the prices obtained for land to : Latrobeandrwflliam streets at toe last sale pre ceding that of toe old Crown Lands office site. The Opposition journals asserted that the price realised at toe sale of that piece of ground afforded evidence of tbe great depredation in the value of property which had recently taken place. Mr Patterson informed toe House, however, that at the preceding sale a number of 94-feet allotments only realised from £4 IDs to £11 13s- 4d per foot, bat ai.the recent sale which, _according'-to the matigners of the Liberal party, furnished each in controvertible testimony of the decline in city property, toe price obtained was £27 10s per foot. The Cornwall Chronicle reports the crops all over Tasmania- as looking well, and predicts an unusually early harvest. 