from tette in tekirf: A Narrative belonging to the Nineteenth Century. by a churchman. CHAPTER IV.— Continued. present belief from parochial difficulties. " Because, " replied his wife " they are. acting so ungratefully towards you, who have been spending your strength among them for so many years. / They now. want something more sensational, and so they fling you; aside, and take up with this ranter, who, if lie gets, the new church, will split up ; the parish, and pro- duce frightful schisms and division such as never can be healed. -Where he; to continue to act merely ; as your, curate,,/ you could remove, him / when you found .'ithe , peace of .the parish required it ; but . once make him incumbent and hewill be a thorn imyour side for life." . The . argument .ended where it began. Th e vicar would not. -dismiss ' tlie curate - without a cause, and Major Knox and his party .would not proceed .with the.- ne.w- church unless -Mn (Rum ford :Wuld /consent : that a district: should be assigned to it,, and it-be made independent of the parish church.. Their.; perseverance. was rer warded with success, and, .the necessary funds having been obtained the .cliurch went on. All the necessary.. forms . to .constitute it a. district church were complied, with ; it was completed; consecrated by the bishop with -, all'.- the usual accompaniments of a sermon by his lordship — ar-; collection,- ":a "collation, speech- making, drinking,! the bishop and - new in cumbent's healths, ...and- - congratulations all, round. The next step, ; that of - building, a parsonage, was soon; taken, for Mr. . Steele's well-merited popularity , carried all < before Ait ; and, Mr. and, Mrs. Steele and their tliree dear little children were - soon established: in . their sweet home, their neat, unpretending, but most comfortable .church, full in- view, and their Christian work, lying all around them, with no . impediment apparently to its performance, and between 2000 and' 3000 parishioners congratu lating themselves- on having secured the services of so faithful, -so able, /and so kind a pastor. ' So far all -parties 5 seemed to be in'diilged iu the fulfilment of.their- wishes ; the vicar enjoyed a peace froni his wife's growlings and evil fore bodings, which he had not known for the last three or four years— -that is, during ,Mr/, Steele's occupancy of the cure. She had got rid of her crowning grievance, the curate ; the curate had exchanged a life of perpetual conflict, care, and uneer taint v, owing to the undisguised hostility of Mrs. Romford -and her friends, - for one of peace,, comfort, and security. ; Major Knox, Captain; Goldjng, Dr. Shaw, the Rev. Cecil Montague, Master of the Grammar School, and others associated with them, were, of course, jubilant, in the success of their pet 'project— Christ Church was-now finished and occupied, the parsonage ditto. - The schools were in hand, and their /beloved friend -add ' minister, vMr: Steele, was now the right man in the right-place; Mary. Riimford, no longer a child, but approach ing her sixteenth year; and already giving signs of that piety for which she was afterwards distinguished, . and .who when at - home for her liolidays greatly enjoyed Mr.. Steele's preaching, was rejoiced 'to;find him settled in the neighbour hood ; and ; as - to Jane Hughes, her delight knew no bounds. Mr. Steele was her beau ideal of a minister ;,/ his , sermon on Sunday,' she declared, set her :ap- for the whole week; and she -would have followed him to every service throughout the parish had - her duties at the parsonage - allowed . her.-. .Her soul; was- filled with love, and; her tongue-with; praise to her heavenly Father who had;sent her such a pastor,/ and who, contrary to her fears, liad; provided for his permanent location at Heathfield. There were'/ some;, who did hot! feel, quite satisfied with the arrangements. Chief of these, as was to- be expected, was Mrs. Rumford, who viewed with / much chagrin the success of what was now beginning to be called the Evangelical Party— that is, those who had rallied round Mr. Steele, ' and- where naturally exulting in a ministry-from which they and their children could/find "benefit to .their souls, which they ' now plainly asserted they could not 'do at the parish church,- where the preaching, if anything, was- high and dry, more calculated to lull to slumber , than to awaken to conviction and inquiry.. Another non-content was Sackville lluuiford; who -entirely shared his mother's dislike' to -Mr.- Steele; on the score both' of taste and > doctrine. - On both points lie found his Oxford -notions rudely outraged' by ;the mini strations ..of . the . Irish curate;- and- during his- occasional . visits , to the parsonngehewasnot careful to disguise his contempt and' dislike. . As he. looked forward some day ; to ho vicar of Heathfield, he viewed with considerable aversion the permanent settlement. of Mr. Steele within . the parish, and determined to show him as.little. countenance as ( 'possible. He could scarcely forgive his 'father for consenting to the new; church;- and especially to Mr. Steele's appoint ment as incumbent. . . It was evident, at each successive visit that Sack ville paid to Heathfield, that; he was becomiug more and more enslaved by High (Church notions, and that there was every prospect, of his at last sitting . in the seat of the Ritualists. Miss Rumford had for some time . lef t school . and entered with full enjoyment into country society, .paying, occasional .visits to, lier. dis tinguished relatives aud friends in London,, especially during " the ' season." For such society she was eminently fitted by nature and, cultivation." / She was undoubtedly a fine girl; tall aud graceful, with a noble, intellectual face, full- of youthful vivacity,! / and; not without a considerable share ' of womanly. , softness'.-.- and: sympathy. She was proud, indeed, but there was no frigidity in her; pride. In her mother's there was ; but Mr. Rumford was kind, and his eldest daughter resembled him in that, while in: her haughtiness, her slavishly refined taste, and impatience of control she reflected the character of her mother: Her numerous accomplishments olevated her at once to a high position in society, and she retained it as a matter of right. As she exhibited no particular interest in , religious matters, the new church and its surroundings did not seem to cobcein her. She sometimes made fun of Mr. Steele behind liis back for what she called his tjaucherks, and attempted rather happy imitations of his actions in the pulpit ; but there was no malice in tier fun ; it was that she saw nothing but the man, not understanding, nor caring to understand, his piety or his preaching. She just perceived that he was one of the people around her who did aud said things which, from their contrast with the way in which she would have done or said them, awakened a sense of the ludicrous which she could not resist. - If she complained of -Mr. Steele's sermons, it was on the score of their want of polish and preparation, and sometimes their length. They lacked in her eyes intellectuality and refinement; and she wished, she said, they were written compositions, . and; nob extempore -harangues : thus differing altbgether-from the multitude, with whom she could, not sympathise, who delighted ' in his harangues, and would soon- have left him alone with his written compositions. Of his doctrines she could only say, some of them she did not understand, and some she; objected to as too exclusive. She would not believe, she declared; that God had a peculiar people, whom He made to differ from others around them. If there, was a difference, it .was what people made them selves— some by. living good lives, and others- by. living bad ones. - This.' sliowed . what little impression Jane Hughes' teaching had; - made on her, for Jane believed and' sought -to; impress upon her young, charge that> Jesus ; Clirist in His- teaching ; drew a very marked ! distinction between his chosen disciples and.." the .world", from which . Ho had taken -them; and against which"; !He continually -warned; th'em.i i God the Holy Ghost taught .thisitb Mary.Rumford. yv'ho bad constantly in her mouth1 the words of Paul : . " By the grace of God I- am what, L am ;" but then-she was a true disciple; of Jesus;- and.knew; that she was a " brand plucked out of;the fire." CHAPTER Y. solemn and 'significant topics are discussed. One or two curates succeeded Mr. Steele, but they did not remain long. Some people ill- naturedly said that Mrs. Rutnford frightened them away. At last came the/Rev. Cornelius Joseph Bayley, who commended himself to Mrs. Rumford by his fine person, elegant appearance, and finished manners. He seemed to have .the words ..." From Oxford " , ; written on - his . brow ; be certainly,. had them hieroglyphiced.in the neat and ecclesiastically correct, style , .of .his dress. There was nothing wanting there,;- to mark/either his university or, his : school. . The priest stood confessed ; , and those who .knew that he was a candidate for the'curacy might ha ve prognosticated with unhesitating confidence the church history, during his occupancy of the cure, ! o-nd perhaps , for many years after, , of the parish of Heathfield. Of course he was appoint ed, for both Mrs., and Miss Rumford had decided the ; point. ; Now,. Mr. Rumford-, was not -a Ritualist, scarcely a High Churchman, in the popular sense.; he even would not have disowned the name.of. Evangelical, certainly . not that of .Protestant, and he never hesitated to express his disapproval of the Tractariau .movement, so far. as he understood it. : But,, he was . simply a coward inthe presence of his wife. , H.er stronger mind. liad almost completely mastered'his, -and, except -iii some - flagrant cases, of attempted cruelty,, or .wrong against which his better nature revolted, he allowed her, after some weak, fretful, and fitful, remonstrance, to have her way. . This was simply the gross, betrayal of a solemn, trust, insulting to God and- unjust to man ; and-.yet. how many .ministers' of the Gospel of Christ, -calling themselves Evangelical clergyman of the Church . of England, are guilty of the' same line of conduct without shame or remorse iu this our day 1 . We have, seen how :the parish church was "restored," of course under the auspices of the. new curate, who declared, froni , the first his resolve that, so far as lay in his power, Anglican principles and practices should reign supreme in Heathfield; but he was too well trained in the tactics of his trachers at Oxford '.to arouse fear or, suspicion. by. a too sudden chaDge in the present style of -things. His. first duty, he. considered it, was to. initiate, certain parties whose co- operation he would require in ' the mysteries of sacerdotalism, so that they might, see the necessity for. the innovations in the church and parish which, he was determined to introduce. Of course Mrs. and. Miss llumford must be among those so initiated. L In> looking ;around him. for disciples to the new system with .which -.he - was about, to favour - the parish, 'perhaps no two persons could be; selected more -suitable to. his- purpose — Mrs.. .Rumford,. in her: love of the grand; and Miss .Rumford;; in hcr love of the beautiful. With; the eye ;of/ one well, versed in the church; views; which:, he: professed, he .quickly discovered his ,; advantages;; and: decided -f On his. plans; for turning ; them . to. account. , , . > - ,iHis .first step was ,to try. and puc<mother and daughter. : out of conceit with ; their; Church as it was..!;--/"//:/ j / :i urv. / V/. // ! " I cannot help expressing my surprise, -.Mrs. Rumford;": he began; one day- not long, after-he. had entered: on ;thc. curacy, -and, when- he found the mother and , daughter: alone, < : -"-you - will excuse-: me , for saying- so, at the state of your noble church, and the- very -unbecoming way in wliich.your services have been; conducted."' " . - . " How is that :.Mr.vBayley ?Y; j asked, Mrs; Rumford. t ; . " Wellj i I'll tell, you;; -The internal arrauge-. ments.ofthe church are out of «: harmony, with" Catholic usuage. . The; services- are stiff; cold,'' and monotonous, :and ithe : spirit of - devotiom seems entirely wanting." \- " These .are; severe-, charges: against. us,'. Mr. Bayley, "< observed -7 Florence, -lifting upther. fine eyes - from her .piece, of embroidery,: ;u y ou < are bound to prove them." i - , .! " It is not necessary for me to prove tliein, " replied .the curate; .-"the stateof .the congrega tion proves them abundantly.- Was there ever any- , thing more.miserablein the shape of a congregation; : , thau ,the --handfuL,of ; parishioners- gathered- to- gether-in their, parish -church on Sunday 1 -And ; rto ,what do?you»think.;that is to e - ascribed ? i .Of: .course,, to itlie . want ; of .attraction . in the, ; , church; :;and\\-, it,; is always -so, where Puritanical.' j baldness and -nakedness , characterise , the fnrni- ; .ture and services;; with, nothing .to -attrac; the- ; eye.or,,ear;,of , the: -worshippers; Rn Howcan -you expect-people to come- to church if they expect nothiug there but a cold, stiff service aud a hum drum sermon, as is the case in- churches called Evangelical?" " You are rather severe on our church, Mr. Bayley," observed Mrs. Rumford, in her own dignified way. "Had you seen it when we came to Heathfield, you might indeed have held it up to scorn, for we found it in a shameful state ; but now, after all our efforts at improve ment, both of the church and its services, I con fess I am surprised at your unqualified con demnation." / V " Oh pray do not mistake me," quickly re plied Mr; Baylev, with one of his most blandest smiles-; " I assure you I give you' every credit for the care which it is evident you have bestowed on your church — it . is far superior to many of its class ; but what I mean is that it is yet! below the true. Catholic standard -both as regards arrangement and worship. You know, Mrs; Rumforcl;;tkat.we in our day are witnessing , quite a reformation in these things." ; . "I thought;"- said Florence,; quite innocently, that the Catholic' standard would belong to the : Catholics; aud the ' Protestant standard, to Pro testants;/ If we are Protestants we cannot adopt ; the Catholic standard."' " . - ' - ' - " Will Miss Rumford- romrember that we are members of the-Churcb of England?. That is a branch of the. Catholic or Universal Church, and if .so , she. is Catholic and. not. Protestant. The ,wbi-d Protestant does nob occur in the Prayer , Book, .but Catholic does. 5&erefore;, being! Catholic, we , should adopt - Catholio usages." , ,, "But did. we not become Protestants at the Reformation ?" ' asked Mrs. ' Rumford:; and where. we not Catholics' before? I confess I do not like' anything 'Catholic, and /much prefer being a Prpte8tant to ,j lieing a Catholic. I know that .some people who are Protestants have be come .Catholics, like/ Mr.' Eumford's college friend here, Sir John Pottinger, who has recently become the tenant/ of Sackville Park, my family home, which I grieve to find occupied by a Papist, although a great friend of my husband ; but I am sure they .must be very weak-minded people." ' - . / , " You. may be assured of it, Mrs. Rumford," Mr. Bayley answered, " these . conversions . to : Romanism have come from evangelical neglect of Catholic usages. People of correct . taste in Church matters, in disgust, at the undevotiohal and slovenly character, of the services which, tliey attended, and' in despair of. seeing any improve ment, having taken the desperate step of joining, a Church which/ however erroneous,, pays be coming attention to the / externals of' divine worship. It is to prevent such secessions from our church that the 'High Church party, as it is called,': lias been labouring to bring . into practical use the mediaeval or ante-Reformation forms'of Christian worship. " " How .comes it to pass, then, Mr. Bayley," inquired Florence, /" that all the clergymen' who have joined the Church of Rome belonged before doing so, I think I may say exclusively, to the High Chnrch party, . as -may be seen by going over, a list, of them? It is not certain that a Tractariau clergyman cotne3 nearer to Rome in his views and. practices than an Evangelical one?"- These _two inquiries, .put evidenty without any spirit of controversy, but ivitlrthe honest desire to have an apparent paradox explained, seemed to pOse the curate, who perhaps did not give. -..either-, lady credit for, the amount of infor mation: she possessed.; After- some . hesitation he could. only reply..: .'f It is true that somo of the secessions have been from the High Cliurch ranks,, but. not all. I have . been iuformed of Several ' , Evangelical men ! who, r becoming dissatisfied with. Low Churchism, and feeling that , even Roinaniem was more in accordance with primitive views and practices,. have, as. is not unusual,, run from one extreme to another. That "Romanism stands in:. closer affinity to High Churchism. than it does to. Puritanism 1 willingly admit, simply because that, Romanism with some corruptions is Catholic and Apostolic, while Puritanism is neither." . / , "Then it follows, Mr. Bayley,"- said Mrs. Rumford, whose intelligence, though sometimes iobseured. by., pride and self- will,. could yet rise- ; ts» the occasion,' "that if we in Heathfield be- icoine more High Church .in our opinions and- Church services, we shall get nearer to Rome than we are now — a result from which I confess . I instinctively shrink. I was . bom a Protestant ; all my family are Protestants A, hatred of, Popery and everything belonging to it. lias been- fostered among us from generation to generation; and I trust aud hope that 1 shall never see one of -my , children leaning to that vile system ;which I' have ever been taught to: hate and dread." The curate was ; scarcely prepared-- for this outburst of Protestant feeling on the part of his ivicar's wife, of whom, from. her attachment to the Church of England, and prejudice against Dissent: and - Dissenters,'., he "had expected, approval and encouragement in his sacerdotal projects. - He now saw that bo had been pre maturely explicit, and :that lie must proceed 'more cautiously. " Nothing, I assure you, Mrs. Rumford," he replied, "is farther from my thoughts or inclinations ; than - to give any encouragement to' the religion of Rome. What' I want is -to- take out of- the : mouths of our enemies the charge- that we act .inconsistently with ' the laws of our -own Church. ;We have abundance of rubrical directions in our inimitable Prayer Book showing how our services should be conducted, aud for .centuries they have been treated with the- greatest- neglect. Surely a blind fear of Romanism should not involve us in disloyalty to our Church and her teaching; " t "Then what," demanded Florence, "do you consider: so vory objectionable in our present Church arrangement and order of service ?" " Well if you will hear with me, I should say there must 'be disarrangement' and- disorder- when the highest act of Ch ristiati worship does not occupy its proper place, when it does not obtain that prominence both in the appearance which tlie interior of the church presents, (and in the performance of its ministers, to which every devout mind must feel it is -entitled.'.' " And what is the highest act?" asked Florence with something of. surprise'- in her tone. " Of course . I refer to tlie blessed Sacrament of our Lord's Body and Blood, presented by Him for .us in- heavon, and re- presehted by -His -priests"bn' earth/" ' - - ' " We. call that, Mr. Bayley," quietly observed Mrs. Rumford, "the Lord's Supper, partaken of 'in remembrance of our Lord's death and passion,' as our Prayer Book says, the ad- ministration of which in our Church has always I think, been conducted with seriousness and! devotion." "pf that I have no doubt Mrs. Rumford," rejoined the curate, who felt he was getting on dangerous ground. "You and the vicar " — (it- should have been at least, " the vicar and you," but the curate was wise) — "have ever, I have reason to believe, guarded this solemn rite from everything unbecoming so sacred au ordinance nevertheless, we all have somothing. to learn, and the profound attention which has of late been given to these 'holy mysteries,' as our Prayer Book properly calls them, has led to the- conolusion that our Church has sometimes for gotten her privilege in the possession of such- precious gifts as are contained therein." Florence glanced timidly at the speaker, remembering that this was a subject which Mr. Steele had often referred to in tlie pulpit, and'- upon which he had uttered some solemn i warnings to the members of his confirmation., class a few years before, of which she was one. She eould not help feeling nervously alive to the- import of Mr. Bavley's remarks, as she knew they were in direct contradiction to what she had.- beeu taught. But then her mother had led her to dislike Mr. Steele, and she herself was never prepossessed in his favour ; so she- rather desired! to find thather father's: late curate was wrong and the present one was right. ' Wishing to- draw the latter , out, she- asked, - with real: symplicity, — ' . - - ' : " Do you;hot think it very Popish to attachi. such a mysterious significance' to the Lord's. Supper ? The Roman Catholics believe that- Christ is, actually on their altars when certain- words have been, pronounced,- instead of the bread - and wine thev really receive into , their- mouths His body and blood. Surely we of the> Churchof England do not believe that ? The-curate had his reply ready, but ho thought; sutiicieut had heon. said on the subject for that time, so, rising and taking his liat, at the same time looking at his watch, he exclaimed — " Pray excuse me, ladies. In the -pleasure of your society I have almost forgotten an .m- portant engagement. I must go now, but I hope- very soon to resume this interesting conversa tion ;" so saying he shook hands with mother and daughter, and left. . . Mrs. Ruinford "did not feel quite comfortable in a review of tlie ' conversation which had occurred, but she did not say so; for she did not wish-to remind -Florence/ of- one of Mr. Steele's favourite topics, which , she disliked only because it was -bis — the imposture of the priests- of Rome as regards their wafer-god, masses; ; &e.; , arising, from the -corrupt use of, the Lord's-. Supper. - Florence, was silent too, -bub for other- reasons. She had her imagination, excited! by Mr. Bavley's , language, and especially : by, the- deep . solemnity -of bis. - voice . and .-/manner / when speaking, of what he evidently loved to? call ',' the holy mysteries "; she felt as if ho was. profoundodly .versed in them, and that' she was; careless. a.bout suoh things, simply because she- was ignorant/of what she. ought to know ; and-" she. \vduld have been -glad, had: -she been alone- with v /Mr. / Bayley,,. to get him to tell her, all he- knew and- thought on, the subject. ..Going/into., the, grounds -she . encountered her sister, Mary, whom she loved, although she considered r;her, :rather narrow-minded on,; the subjqctrpf religion. ,-Mary had just; come -from consulting. Jaue Hughes about a treat which she was going, to give the school-children, and! was now . going into town to make enquiries'/ aboub cups and saucors, cake, &c; It must .be eon-., fessed that she, and her humble preceptress, Jane,.- did not confine their conversation to. the treat,- They had had their talk and almost, their cry; oyer the now curate and his doings, aud the bad contrast in their eyes between him and his pre-, decessor, Mr. Steele ; so that when she and her sister met, their minds were beihg exercised', upon the same/subject, although regarding it; from very different points of view. , : Had Florence a choice of counsellors, probably- . her sister Mary- would - be the last; she. would: have selected, because,/, she strongly! suspected her,- prejudice against the now-. curate and his proceedings ; but she had none, and. she. must speak to some one about those new feelings which Mr, Bayley's conversation had awakened. Besides,' she felt half ashamed ' and nervous as she contemplated her leanings towards the new curate's views, and almost wished for some one to relieve/ her', of them. There was a certain fascination about them and him who ntteied them-: that- .made' lier feel-like one in a drea.nk fancying they were in some terrible trouble,, and hoping that it was only a dream. " Where are you /going, Mary ? demanded Florence, in as lively a tone as she couklassume. " Well, dear Florence," replied Mary, I anL. just going into the town about our treat. If you had time for a walk I should be. glad of your company." Oh, by-all. means. I shall just put on m$r- bounet and be with you iu a moment. " Saying which Florence ran into the house, and,, after aminute's absence; rejoined her sister, and. they proceeded together to tho town, which was ., near, wii ere Mary soodexecuted her business; and-: - Florence then proposed a short country walk, to which. Mai-y assented. ' "Mary," said Florence,, as soon as they were, past the houses, "what do you think of thcj-1 Lord's Sapper?" Mary /was for a moment startled by th&- abruptness of the question, and- by the curious coincidence, : as she- thought it, of Florence- introducing the very subject on which she and Jane Hughes had been conversing. i "What should 1 think of it, Florence, but : what, the Bible - says, that it is our blessed Lord's own appointed memorial of Hisdyiug love, in partaking of which His believiug people feed : on Him in their (hearts by faith-?" '/Do yon think that it is the centre act' of divine worship and a I'epresentation on earth of what Christ is doing in heaveii ?" ( To be Continued. ) Reassubing — A young - lady fainted when .told that over 500,000 men died" last year, / but was. revived by the information that tliere:-1 was 13,000,000 left. ; It is reported 'from Rome that, as compared with -last yeiu-, -Peter's pence m France alone ' had fallen off ' four-fifths. Sunday projected pilgrimages" from France have also come to. nothing. Means for awakening zeal are being seriously considered. 