Erratic Philosophy. Bv a Peripatetic. His Excellency the Governor is likely, favoured by a convenient alliteration, to live in our history as Railway Robinson ; and it would be, in the language of Mr. Verdant Green when dilating in a convivial condition on the honours of freshmanship, a prou' title. It is not very often that an Australian Gover nor in recent times has been able to retire with the consciousness possessed by Longfellow's Village Blacksmith of ' something accomplished, something ?done.' In that respect Sir Hercules will stand almost uiuiie. I do not overlook the claims of Sir George Bowen, but in his case am disposed to hold that ' something ^B accomplished, something tmdone' would be a more appropriate sentence. Sir Hercules is not content to be regarded in his ? gubernatorial aspect as ' a mere pageant.' We may infer from this that, like Hamlet, he hath ' that ? within which passeth show.' Like his mythological ?' namesake, although his memory may be frequently ? coupled with the stables, other and greater labours H will be recorded of him. ? It has passed through my mind that it might con ? siderably hasten the development of New South ? Wales could we temporarily exchange our constitu I ' tional government for a decade of a llobinsonian dic ? tatorshij). The fact is that the colony could do very ? well with considerably less constitution and consider ? ably more railways. But such a process would be ? hard upon Sir Hercules. He would carry to his ? grave a character more piebald than a circus horse. I He would be, for example, ranked as a saint in ? Orange and an oppressor in Blayney and Bathurst, or B vice versa, according as he disposed of the great rail s' way workshop question. I am disposed to think that I Sir Hercules would decline the job, even although the 1 ? country M ere to offer double rations. I Talking of the influence of locality in the bestowal ? of epithets, I am reminded of one surprising fragment ? of bunkum emitted about ex-Priest Chiniquy. It ? occurred to one of the platform orators to insist that ? Mr. Chiniquy was not an apostate. Of course he is ? not — in the Protestant Hall; these, he is a convert B But, under favour, at St. Mary's he is most distinctly ? an apostate. The gentleman who made the remark ? would haA e shown a clearer sense of reason had he B simply moved that the word apostate should in B future be the sole property of Protestants. B It has often been remarked by travellers from the B old country that Australian colonists are more Eng B lish than Englishmen themselves. This appears par B ticularly applicable to. the rising generation, if the B following anecdote be any criterion. A mother and B father were recently taking a little walk, attended by B their offspring born in the colony, and unexpectedly B found their path bordered by a hedge of hawthorn in B bloom. Mamma at once buried her pretty nose in the B . once familiar blossom, and, as old memories were re B vived through the sense of smell, exclaimed, ' Oh» B isn't -that like old England !' A few days later the H juveniles repeated the excursion unattended, and on ? comnig to the hedge, Master Tom, aged six, took a B prolonged .sniff, and exclaimed, with the warmest B enthusiasm, 'Oh, isn't that English!' This was a B -decided improvement on the parental sensibility. To B the little ( lornstalk the perfumes summoned up charm ? ing recollections of what he had never known. B The manner in which some mothers bring up their B slaughters to emulate them in depreciating the capacity and sense of the sterner sex is most reprehensible. The process of inculcating the inferiority of the male is ordinarily carried on in an insidious secresy ; but the ingenuousness which is preserved in even the female mind up to a certain age occasionally betrays what has been going on. Thus a little girl had begun to interest herself in the plays of Shakspeare, and mamma was kindly encouraging the interest by nar rating the leading features of the plot in 'The Mer chant of Venice.' She told of Portia's subtle plea I that Shylock could take his pound of flesh, buc not a I drop of blood, and her young hearer was delighted with the ingenuity of the idea. ' Ah !' cried Missie, 'that was a regular woman's idea. Now, a man would never hare thought of that This was hard upon the immortal William. I have just been perusing in a weekly journal a critical notice of a literary work which I happen to have read, and have been struck with the recurrence of namby-pamby cant phrases in the notice, which is laudatory. The incident induces me to venture upon a brief maxim by which literary novices may judge what is really meant by some of their critics : — If your critic refers to your powerful work of fiction as 'pretty,' to your verses as 'smooth,' or to anything at all as ' nicely written,' you may safely conclude that either you are, or your critic is, an ass ; and you may accept it as a probability that you are both in that category. For the information of any readers whom the dulness of these articles may dispose towards suicide, some statistics are just now available, which, as a trifling compensation for the tediousness I have inflicted, I hasten to place at their disposal. The figures relate to France, in which gay and beautiful land suicide has attained almost the dignity of a science. Li the year 1874 5617 persons killed themselves, of whom the record states 72 per cent, were males aud 21 i per cent, females. This leaves just seven per cent, over, which seems a little unaccountable to me. 105 forgot to give their ages, 29 were under sixteen years of age, 193 between sixteen and twenty-one, 1477 between twenty- one and forty, 2214 between forty and sixty, and 1590 were over sixty. From this it would appear that between forty and sixty is the best season for suiciding— a fact which has so impressed a young person of my acquaintance that she vows she won't ever enter into that dreadful period. She says she would rather kill herself first than run so terrible a risk of suicide. I shouldn't wonder if this were the reason why so many ladies never get older than forty. When I state that 48 per cent, of the whole were married people, and remind my readers that 72 per cent, of these were males, it will be readily understood who comes off worst when troubles arise betwixt husband and wife. The distribution over the seasons is unequal. You can suicide in tolerable company at any period of the year ; but if you want to be in the fashion, you should wait for the spring and summer, when up wards of 60 per cent, of the best suicides leave town for the next world. For my own part those finicking spring fashions never did suit me. The blow up of the Shepard humbug has been pro ductive of one good thing besides the fact. Even the capture of a papier mache speaking-tube in the very j process of doing duty for spirit-arms and conveying spirit- voices to the ears of dupes, was not sufficient to convince one 'believer' that there had been im posture. He argued the point. ' But did you see the tube?' asked the sceptic. 'Certainly I did,' responded the ghost-monger. 'Well, doesn't that tube speak for itself r' scornfully demanded No. 1. ' Just so,' retorted the faithful one, with a gleam of something like mischief in his eyes; 'do j-ou expect me to believe that a papier mache tube thai speaks for itself is natural?' The visionary scored that rubber anyhow. A very curious story comes from the far north, which may be fact, or may be fact with improvements. A labouring man in poor circumstances died suddenly, and left a widow and eight children unprovided for. Scarcely had the news had time to spread before a creditor, who had just before obtained a verdict against the deceased for money owed, sent in a bailiff to hold possession of the furniture, and, we presume, to afford consolation to the widow, who was so deeply touched by this delicate attention that she was afraid to let her husband's coffin be brought in, lest it also should be seized. The process of fitting on a cap thrown at random seldom fails to indicate a proper owner for the article, and a very excellent instance of the order of creature who considers that the vile Mongolian will sap public morality was brought prominently into notice in George-street, the other day, by this cap-fitting busi ness. An old and disreputable-looking Chinaman, cumbered with the usual baskets of vegetables slung over his shoulder, was fizzing like a twenty shot cracker down the street, flinging around with intense excitement and emphasis, but vague and promiscuous application, unpleasant re marks about the moral character of somebody's mother. He jogged explosively down a couple of blocks, apostrophizing society in general with this greeting ; but no one appeared to feel injured till he approached a public-house, from which promptly dartcd a young fellow of the larrikin sort, who no sooner heard the old heathen's remarks than he flamed out 'with wrath and assaulted him. He re marked that he wasn't agoing to be insulted, and began to belabour the offender with an alacrity and valour which may have been due to the circum stance that his foe was old and feeble, had to steady his load with one aim, and had suffered amputation of the other. I will not guarantee that the following is abso lute fact; but if it is not true it is, as the Italian proverb goes, ben trovato — well found. It comes to me from a northern township. The spouse of a sometime drayman, then carrier, next contractor, and now mayor in the township, has considered it proper to assume the airs of a connoisseur of arts, as . proper in her elevated sphere, and expressed her re lined preferences as follows :— ' I do dote on music. I dearly love the pianner and violin, but I can't abear them 'fiddles — they're such nasty low things.' 