f'.f. -ynjCCI Kilt v, > ROMISH. SACERDOTALISM; ; To the Editors of :the. Protestant. Standard,). \- 'Sirs,— He who can-perceive anything - super natural in 'the-! rise- and.iprogress -of ) Romish sacerdotalism;" must have'-sbme peculiarity ; of moral- vision by- virtue - of 'which ambition, avariee, love ot power, < desire lor- worldly pomp 'and display -before-'tlie vulgar,- and" delight in the; brilliance-, and, magnificence --of ceremonial 'ritual, seem tohe of a' supernatural- character. I have" been reared in- the idea that these quali ties are especially hum'an, -''and form -the;: weak ness of our common' humanity.'" ' - /The Papacy, grew; up in silence, -and obscurity. l.Tho names of ;thev earlier., bishops of Rome are knowii only by barreri.lists, -by, spurious decre tals -and! < epistles', inscribed- with; their,, names centuries later, iby.itheir contests with heretics, land bymartyrdoms Raid to.liave taken.place with the same profusion under the mildest -., emperors and,, the most ,merciless persecutors. Slowly, and at long intervals, did the bishop of Rome emerge into public -notice. - For some time (un- definable) into the third century the Church of Rome, like most of the western Churches were Greek religious colonies. Greek in language, organisation, writings. Asa matter of course, and not by any supernatural agency, the Roman ecclesia as that of the capital of the world, would and did command respect and considera tion by virtue of its metropolitan situation. -. Augustine, after the death of Ambrose, was the one great: authority in Latin theology. With soma modifications Augustinianism was adopted by the Roman ecclesia. Through . .the sacerdotal hie rarcy , alone could man be secure of >that direct agency of Godupori his soui, after 'which it y earns with irrepressible solicitude, i The will of man was surrendered to the clergy . In the clergy, divine grace, the patrimony of the Ghurch, wafl vested, arid, through5 them) , dis tributed to mankind. Baptism, usually- ad ministered by them alone, washed away original sin V' the other rites and sacraments -of which they were the- exclusive ministers, -alone con veyed the influences of the Holy Ghost.- : .But -it' soon became eviderit that all men were not- willing to surrender their God-given faculty of- free will and a reasoning power to even AngUBtinian theology, patronised though it might be by the Pope of Rome. Julianus waB the: most notable of the eighteen recusantB who objected - to condemn'- their fellow-Christians (Pelagians) without a hearing ; and Augustine was not content with ecclesiastical censures on these - independent- minded men. They were sentenced by an Imperial edict -to exile. " With shame and sorrow," says the -historian, " we - hear from Augustine himself that fatal axiom, which for centuries reconciled the best and holiest men to the guilt of persecution, the axiom- -which impiously arrayed cruelty in, the garb of Christian charity — that they persecuted in' compassion to their souls. " ' ' ' - ' 1 - ' -At this time (a.d. 418) Pelagius vanishes from history. The accomplished i Julianus," exiled from liis-; see (Eclana in Campania); wandered through Christendom, as if be bore a divine judgment upon him. He lived thirty years after his exile, settled as the teacher of a school, in an obscure town in Sicily, sacrificed all jbe had to relieve the poor in a - grievous famine, and had inscribed on his tomb, " Here sleeps in peace Julianus, the Catholic Bishop." Now in what sense eould this excellent man he called " Catholic ?" Certainly it might be because he was a bishop, and - was of the spirit of . Christ in. his willingness to -go about doing good/ but not in the way that Dr. Vaughan, the Archbishop of the Papal ecclesia writes, wheri he makes an equation of the Papacy, the Catholic Church, and the Church of Christ. - I believe in the Holy Catholic Church, the Church of Christ, the universal congregation of believers in all ages, but not in that congrega tion pointed to by St. Ambrose when he wrote " Ubi Petreus, ibi Ecclesia I should prefer " Ubi Christus, ibi Ecclesia." : It is by a play upon this word " Catholic " that Dr: vaughari has been able to write in such voluminous quantity and with such abouriding fallacy in his Advent Conferences. - : , ; ; . I take up the fourth .of the series, ' " The . Church of Christ, the Catholic Church."' - The Church of Christ is; ' doubtless, the universal Church; but' this is! not -what Dr/ Yaughan means. 5 'To express' whali he means he ought; in all fairness;-' to have- written '"the -;.Papal ecclesia,5 or-'ecciesiastical' system, -the Church of Christ! " " Christ- has/ : in fact, -'-not only-froiri the'first confided the Bible to the' exclusive care and'J guardianship; of the i Catholib '-Church,.'.' (p: 12)->oannbt;with(<tfath -be-'said if Catholic is used 'forMRoman or PapaL'-' And it is 'just as fallacious to Speak, ;as'Dr; : Vaughan does of the Protestant Church, whenhemeans-what lie says on page, ly the " Church5 of King Henry VIII. , Cranmer; and Elizabeth." y—:;,. . - -' ' As I have lately been thinking on this- sub ject, "'arid 'reviewing - volumes:' which I had 'laid , aside - as'-' sufficiently -'studied «fori myt :6wh guidance, I am a - good- deal- surprised -to find Dr. Vaughan saying " that tlie-'selfish policy of men;' ? arid5 the lusts and interests" of'i a Court/ are not, as a rule, the motive powers especially selected by the All- pure' arid :All-lioly for estab lishing; a -reign of purity, charitj', aud faith jthrougliout the world." . Then |tliej, question, "ririses" to one who knows; /any tliirig ' of 'the 'font and flow of the Papacy) have' "no selfish policy, :!usts/,and Court interests bntered-into;. not. only, 'the formafcion "of thai: '.'.organised' hypocrisy, "but 'into its constitution and constant practice ? :- - A reign .of purity, charity, and faith, indeed! .'Has -the Papacy been that ? Is the archdiocese ;bf N.S.W. that? The whole history of the Papacy, rather than a.scene of purity, charity, and faith, is more like) one Jof impurity,- uncharitablene'ss, arid- faithlessness. Scarcely had Latin - Christianity commenced wlieri violent controversies rent the ec.clesia': into . sects and parties. : -Montanism, Mon ar ch i an i s m; R ome ri: Carthage; Tririitarian- . ism, .Celibacy, Pelagia,nism, . Nestoriariism,' .qon-' tests:, of, rCburicils! (CEcumenieal ?) :;Mahibhea : ism, ' iPriscilliariisin, Eutychiariisiri; j Cbristanti- . nople!" v. Rdme. Monophysitisin, Popes, excom- muriicatirig 'each other, (bothirifallible ?) 'Schism of forty years,J Four partieS iii, the East (united Catholic Church ?), ' Arianisiri',"' Religious " wars caused much scandal ..and produced nauch ill- feeling and .bitterness utterly opposed to Chris- tiim) ariR!Pauflne,vaPetrine doctrine. ; ' ' These'coritioversies took place between a'.d.. 206!'and a:d.-50b| and.affaiis tlo notirnprove as . Di? Varighan,lTMiaye ribVeryjigreat respect 'for ' Henry - VIII) why sb'oulil "I ' venerate ' Sergius !, III., . that iriimoral'! 'profligate. ! Our ) king did ! not pretend to) be.sriperriaturall.y .'.'pure, 'or moral,5 ' or , holy ' j :;'Sergius ;'eitberrdid to have v'aoriei'J.becau'se.'M to 'DrjVaiiglian's' theory "'of the vkiperriatur'al; ;lib -Jergius ) : was God's : infallible-' vie'egererib ' on K';earth y ;fb'r! \the "..establishing a jreign jof purity, . charity/ ,and !!fMthJtlribughoufcthb world." ' , Even' Baronius, J the.'; Popish annalist; .' admits tliat, 'thii;: Pcpe, ' Sergijisjwas ,tbe slave ,:of riyery ''vibe; hriffy-the ) !riabst! wiel£bd'J6f;men. ;/Wa JJohn Xi balculated ancl!' faitH', atri'orig .! men .Or; Syai.s' v John' 'XII.!? ' Or, . wbre tliey !ribt ' rather- bfDr/' Vaughan's specific class'of '"bonf teriaptible. scoundrels)!' or! ." utterly imred'eemed „ villains'?'' j!Theyl, cannot 'be excused;- ''on rthe ,! score;! of ' human: weakness, 'because 5 'they were ; supernatural infallibles)" J u - ; ' l!"'".,-"'lI remain',"" - .' "! ' - - - ' Yours' truly,! "! :! 