IMPRESSIONS OF LONDON. Mr. William Winter writes to the Slew York Tribune his impression! or the city of London. He says: " It is nof atone in the great Abbey that the rambler in London is impressed by poetio antiquity and all kind# of his toric association—always presuming tbat he. has been a reader of English literature, and that bis reading has rank into his mind. Little things squally with great ones, commingled in a medley most luxuriant and most delicious, so people the memory or •neb. a. pilgrim that all Ait walks will be haunted. The London,of. to-day, to be sure (as me>ybeseen in Macau lay's. famous Third, Chapter,, and in Scott's vFortunesof .Nigel") is very .little jike even (he London of Charles the Second, when ithe great fire had .destroyed eighty-nine churches and 13|00.0 houses, and when what is now ftegeni-sireet was a rural solitude, in which sportsmen sometimes shot the woodcock. Yet, though much of (he old capital has vanished, and mere of it has been changed, many remnants of ijs Historic past exist, and many ol its streets and houses are iraugfat with a.delightful, romantic interest. It is: not forgotten that sometimes the charm j resides in. the eye that sees quite as j much as in the object that is seen, j The atoned spots of. London may not'j ^ appreciable to those who look upon them every day. The cab-drivers in Kensington may neither regard nor etfen -notice .the; house' in which TbacVeray Hired. and died, The shop keepers of old Bond-street may, per haps, neither care or know that this famous thoroughfare witnessed the death of Lawrence Sterne'. The Bow street runners are. quite unlikely to think Of1 Will's Coffee House* and Drydfin, or Buttons, and Addison, as they pass the sites ofiboee vanished haunts of wit and revelry in the days of Queen Anne. The fashionable lounger, through Berkeley Square, when perchance lie pauses at the corner'ofBruton-street, will not dis cern Colley Cibher, in wig and ruffles, standing., at,, the parlor window and drumming with his hands on the frame. The casual passenger halting sij the Tavistock, will not remember that this was once Macklin's ordinary, and so cbnjure up the iron visage and ferocious aspect ol the first great Shy lock o! the liriiisli stage, formally obsequious to hiB guests or striving to edify' them, despite the banter oi the volatile Foote, with discourse upon the Causes of Duelling in Ireland. The* Barbican! does not to every one bring up the .memory of Milton; nor Hoi born raise the melancholy shade of Ohatterionnor Tower Hill arouse the gloomy ghost of Otway. Yet London never disappoints: and, for him who knows and feels its'biltbry, these asso ciations, and hundreds like to these, i make it populous with noble or strange lor pathetic figures,'and diversity the j&tpect; ot its vital prevent with pictures ■of a still .more vital past. Such a i wanderer soon discovers (bat in this vital capital there is literally no end 10 'the themes that are to rouse his imag ination, touch his heart, and broaden Ibis mind. Soothed already by the {equable English climate and the lovely 'English scenery, he is aware now or ian influence in the solid English city that turns his intellectual life to perfect [tranquility. He stabds amidst achieve ments that are finished, careers that are cunbunniiaif i, great deeds thai are done, great memories that are immor tal ; lie views and comprehends the sum of all that is possible to human thought, passion, and labor; and then high over mighty London, piercing the clouds, greeting the sun, drawing into itself all the tremendous life of the great city and all the meaning ol its past and present—above the dome of St. Paul's Cathedral, the golden cross of Christ." 