. SCENE II. EVENING is drawing near, but the black ness of her robes is not all her own. The lost man marks the gathering gloom and is .uneasy. Winter is near-he knows the treachery of the season and all the dangers of the first great snow storm. Alas! why did he venture? Gold, for which all risk life, temptedhim. His fagged steed moves his ears to and fro uneasily turns and snuffs toward the west. There is weight, moisture, in the gloom. Undecided, the lost man looks about him. Like the sea, the deep silence roars in his ears. Now frag ments of clouds, slow moving, approach and creep along the ground close beside him. Dusk rises, threatening up from her lair in the near abyss and stands before him. She stretches her shapeless arms about the base of the mountainB; her terrors glide along the low ravines, skulking from bush to bush. Where shall the lost man turn ? Hark! a house dog bays from the step of his master's cabin! Was that the home- like tinkle of a cow-bellP ATi ! no; these are sounds that belong miles on miles below, more than a day's journey away. Echoing memory for a moment cheated him. Hist! What is that which, like the long-drawn sigh of the ghost, breathes through the silence? How quickly the lost man turns and peers into the gloom behind him! Pshaw! 'twas but the voice of the wind, awed to a whisper-rebuked by the dread presence of Silence. 'Twas but the wind he felt it on his cheek-yet, in that one timid whisper it said much to him. He under stood and shuddered. His horse dropped his ; head still lower and shook his shaggy sides until the pack, on his back clattered again. The poor heast understood- what was whispered by the breeze. There was no snow on his bacl»-not yet-but the horse knew what was meant by the wind. The clatter of the pack was not loud- would not hare been at another place-but the lost man started and looked quickly about him ; he feared that the huge peaks standing around might be startled into letting fall the great rocks lying in their laps. At last the lost gold-hunter moves. Driving his weary horse before him, he gazes earnestly at what looks like the black shadow of a cloud-a small dark spot many miles away." It is a grove of living trees that he sees-a grove of firs in a mountain gorge far below. Rugged are the ways of the wilderness and the feet of the weary find many stumbling places. Weary is the lost man! weary the beast he urges! Bruises rebuke his haste, and stubborn shrubs rear their antlered heads and avenge on his flesh and garments his every display- of contempt for them. The wind whispers mora hoarsely and boldly along the rugged ground. It is yet far to the grove-to where the fir trees stand silent and dark. Timidly the lost man glances upon the heaped and distorted rocks as he hastens past them. He is foolish to be afraid. There are no faces looking at him over jagged tops-no faces peeping from their dusky chinks. ? How dark it grows! Who can now see the tops of the hoary peaks around-whose eye look into the darkness at their feet ? Soon the gnomes of the mountain hills will be abroad, the ghosts of the dead races walk! The lost man puts his hand quickly to his cheek; he gazes up in fear at the gloom in the sky, urges his horse in a hoarse, hurried voice,-for he has just felt the fall of the first snow flake. His strained eyes have still in view the dark clump of firs, but it is far, far to their shelter. 