TELB<|RA3S|. {By EEECTRJg, TBLBQIlAgai : OCOfS^^RHBSPOXDEKT.) ; v AfBLBOoW, Wed ,, Bdr'rTserit for Mr. David Gaunaon;oii ;.v imd earnestly pointed out,to. him £D c?ndul caused in .the-liberal narty..by " win. Gaiii'sdii 8 < opposing Professor p He also aaid v that .tho Minis fM"n"14 rrivo sir. 'Will. Griunspu a .thorough' ! loort ifl'o stood for Gippsland. . Mr. D.. A msoi) replied tint he must consult his kmtlier'a committee. The',, committee as .Vr.hlud on Tuesday,.evening., before tho, at Castleiuiine. Moanwhile, Mr. 2 . forwarded, through a member: of p'riLisnt, who attended .that meeting, a ; IL'ie offer of the Government support, to lir Win. Gaunson's candidature for Uipps < i i The uieuiber of .Parliament referred1 : Jus eitbar ilr, Ooopa/, Oi-avfa, i or Mr. Kicliattfson: Tlie:V proposal Was j . y before?? Mr. Gaimsoti's committee, [ !L majority of, which expressed; an opinion { ,u they were, going into ,,a. hopeless f fiflii as Ur. Chapman was sure to be re j t,inieJ, having .the solid-'ddfi'orence of the \- Ceurtr«l'rM !1S Se" ?3 bis numerous per | |)n3| fneadj, and'a number of Liberals who I a" jii;TOled .villi tlie manner in which the f Cl,ujiituJtwyi> befooled. The deoision upon f Withdrawal rested. entirely with Mr. Wm. | (Jamison,and.lje 'flatly'declined, saying, he I OTa(d noti law the ghost of a show in s Gipps'411^ w'leT-wholly unknown. | j[r Chapman's ..election is regarded on.all [ jjun'jg is certain, botli .in Oastlemaiue and I jjilbourue.- Professor. Pearson is reported I to In dissatisfied with- Alr.Pattersbn aud Mr. j Piirrjll, because they have, not. canvassed,; ' {,iii merely gave.him.tho benefit of a cuuplu , ui spa'cSieijaiidjaltogether'jiha'.Profpsaor.is : in a falie p isition, and .WfflW^laf^.iiili.e.^'lie, ' uniof tlie wlmie^bu31ness."..jThe Crovj)rujn$nt troulii like to ivitjidjay hjm^aud pnt.liim,uf> : Gippslaud at. ouce sfpee Mr. Gkupsoiv. is so obstinate, yet; Professor Pearson, if lie ; stood alone, could .beat'Mr.. Chapman almost : without a doubt, aud Mr. Gannson's perse i verauw only shows, the determination of a : lection "f Mr., Barry's! lafe followers. to [ hamper aud sniuarrass him,/.while thoy pro fu«!y eipress their adherence to him., It is j poiiiufc Mr. Berry thinks-Mr, Ohapman will I b? le>: noxious tliaii Mr. Graunsou, who is a i afire instrument in the hands of a treachor ouj.tL'dion of the Liberal party; This section hi broken altogether with the'.Reform Leslie, and abuses it high and low, but on ot/isr haii.l tlie league is qiiite elevated into a parliament by tlie.statement circulated iliat it hat made .Mr. Barry come down on his bws and sivallow the plebiscituin which hj bsfore declared impracticable. It is pri vately stated that the Government.have:. not tlisslijflitest intention of appointing professor I'sjrwii as Minister of Education,, because there irotild be too much dissatisfaction, raised throughout the country by having two Ministers for the constituency, and Mr. J'«ti»rjou will nover retire if he can help it; bat thii fact ivaits to be pointed out that tho caiititiioiicy of Oastleuiaine is misled by as leel'mi being circulated that Professor Pear ton is to bsjtlie .Minister of Education, with, ofcsiirse, all the advantages to Oastlemaine of being represented by two Ministers and (he supposed benefit to its school buildings, els. 