SATINTGrS AND DOIN&S; IN COLONIAL ATHENS. ? ? ? ? Bi Boron) A.BOcrz. BUSINWS. I've been so busy of late that I've been com lied to keep my door shut for fear^too -much trade should be done.. Luckily-.-I find its not always so in Guwler,- or I -don't know what storekeepers would do. To-day not a single customer has come to my shop, and I hare amused myself by making rhymes. It's astonishing what a fellow can do when ha gets the. poetic fit on him. . No matter if we wake or sleep, Business will still co on : \- No matter who may pine or weep. Business will Btill go. on ! Beginning with the dawn of day From rise to set ol «un, No matterwhu may*pdrf or play. Business will still go on 1 No matter who may live or die, - -Business will still go on !. No matter who may fret or sigh, ^. Bosinesa will still go -on. It marks the human brow with care. And yields its place, to none. Life suffers much from wear and tear. Business must still go on; \- INCONSISTENCIES. Having a resident named Ayling (ailing) who it in -excellent health . , Having another, a Bachelor, who is a married niau.. ;, , Having a Harbour, in Murray- street. It is hurdly consistent for a Cooper to be an auctioneer. ' ' . Though it is more oonmstent for & Woodman to deal in furniture.' . It is inconsistent to put a mustard plaster on a shoe trunk instead of on your chest after consulting a medical man what is best to be done with a cold. This 4s just jehat-a-boot— maker's wife did in Gawler the other day — followed out the doator'e ^advice too closely. Having no che3t she put the mustard plaster on a shoe trunk, and it didn't draw a bit. {Shows the inconsistency! ~ ' ; ; ! It is inconsistent for a man who has been running an account for the last two yean with one grocer to go elsewhere for his groceries jast because the long-suffering tradesman had aalced-forhU account. ? If s inconsistent to keep a savage dog next door to a pretty young woman's father's resi dence, aod~ allow the brute free scope -to tear anybody's clothing who conies to Visit her. It's - inconsistent to expect to get on in the world unless yen attend all the churches and chapels in the town you reside in. Without you are seen at all somebody i* Bure to be offended. ^ It's inconsistent to expect a good dinner in a boarding-house when there's courting going tm *n the kitchen. . . I^s iucousiBtent for two young women to hang round. one young man when there's a lot looking on with envy. aLBAHIHSS. ? - T The word debit defines itself.. Take out the letter, ir and you hare its meaning, debt. SCKNB IN A. CHtMier'S SHOP IN QA.WXSB. Chemist (who has just served threepenny worth of Peruvian bark for small urchin)— Now my little, man, take this to your mother, and tell her 'to take as much of it as will lie on a sixpence. . ' - ????.-...... Small Urchin— 'En, Seer I An please, Sur, will ye lend mother the loan of sixpence to measure by, cos she aint got nary one P' PBOS AND CONS. Why is the top end of Murray-street like heaven ? Because -there's ah Angel in It What popalacaiame among jGawier residents reminds yoa of a certain Btuff for ladies dresser? « Wincey. ^ Whf is Benoamo'sjCircnslKe a. wedding? Because there's a ring connected with it. Why are the newly-mxrried ladies of Gawler like Cooper 4; Baiiey'd Circus t Because they mostly -enter on the performance of their doty with two rings. . - . Why should the volunteer uniforms about to be supplied be a good fit ? Because there's a tailor (Taylor) connected with the corps. What is the difference between a public schoolmaster and a glutton? The one crams boys for public satisfaction ; the other for his own. . ' ? ? ... .^ ......... : Paternoster is the Latin for prayer, but in Oawier it stands asWe name of a gentleman who disposes of sewing machines. A flower merchant hereabouts asked' the other day if I wanted to buy any chaff. I told him I had enough and to spare, as I always manufactured my own. ' ~ '?wo u ik gouui ^niapnuung iu oarosaa Banges who says he has recently found gold in quartz (quarts). If I could only get it in pints I wouldn't grumble. 4. - ; There is a scrub named Humbug somewhere in this district, - A- -friend of 'mine says he intends to visif it shortly, snd-wanUT to drive me ont in his buggy. If he puts that restive horse he always drives into tho Vehicle we shall oome to grief, and that1 U be worse hum bug than the other. ?, Mr. Green has retired after conteafing the Pdrt-Adelaadfrelection. , Why was tiiat ? ' Was it :that he thought the electors* too' green to return him, or was at that the colour didn't suit? Green looks conspicuouB even iu ladies ' dresses. What would it do in Parliament? If Coltoa, and .-Jreen were on the same Bench, in the Houie what a joke that would he. ' ' . Bicycles «re handy things. Unlike horses they require little attention, and no food. I observed one in ose^y a townsman, and tMnk ingit might cany two asked him for a ride. He told'ma to * get tesiaaf' but I,4idn*t. ' . The following ,adverfisem*eQt appears in &e; Yorke'e JPminsula Adaertwr—' Wanted, a Young ' Lady^SO^, aged 15 or 16. Apply at onoe, stating nalary, ic, to the fiev-fi. E., &c; Here we eaU ser rants 'servants,' but at Torke's' Peninsula; It aekne, they are ?helps.* * Young. Lady- Helps* of IS or 16 eummers are 'hardly, the sort for Gawler, where toike have, not yet arrived at so great a stage of American progress as to be ableto disdnguisih a servant from a 'help.' . Adverti&emente; *& The above class dearly show the liTely airs selrvsntgalism gives itself when it requires to be addressed as f* young : lady,' - and answers only to the' name of ' help.' Fancy Mrs. Grumble, who doe» a heap . of work herself, haying to : ask - Miss; Whatsername to ' take that boiler off, or clean ?them dirty saucepans.*' Many a help of. this kind ia one too many in a house. : -??? iOBBTASW, : ' ' ' 1 There is a man at Wiliaston who suffers from lost taste. He was in one of bur 'publics'* the other day, and: a 'bet' was made he couldn't toll the taste of a certain liq-ior, '** I-fcnow every' one,' said lie, as they handed him a glasftfull, 'buJi' added he after testing it. ^ this mild stuff bests me ontri^ht. If s Bome thing, like what I. drank SO years ago, but that's so far back that I can't tell what it was called.' He had quite lost his taste, and was astonished when they lold him the liquor was water. ..-.'.''?. 1 thk innkbkpsb'8 t/SLMBtrr (On hearing of the return of Basedow and ? ; . (Downer unopposed.) : Alas! the elections are done. What a pity we hadn't some fun ! With their easy walkover the two were in ,' clover, ;, , : . Opposed not evien by one. . ' Oh, where' are the barrels of beer 'We hoped to have tapped for them here P 'Twbuld- have put me in clover, but thps short walkov.-r,' Has made me d ecidedly queer. Where now are the crowds we should meet The heroes of famed Murray-street ? 'Tie a sell this election/and I feel objection To the. way they ve hopped into a seat. There wasn't the ghost of a row, Nor a head broke, though I must allow, . That as I am writing the thought of the fighting At Donnybropk comes to me now. No doubt it is all for the best, 80 I'll turn all my troubles to jest, BarOisa's se-eotion, of men for election. Admits not of any protest. Yes, Downer's the man for my money. And Basedow — arrah, me honey I We'll never get better, he's true to the letter Both elected — my word, but that's funuy 