THE SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION. The annual meetings 6f the South Aus tralian. Sunday-school Union were, commenced . in the Wakefield-sfcreet Lecture Hall on Monday . evening, September 30. There. was 'a large attendance of teachers. Mr. S. Whitmore, .one. of the Vice-Presidents of the Union, occupied the chair. The proceedings. were commenced . with a. united prayer meeting, after which Mr. "JYBi Adamson read a paper ''On discourage " ments in Sunday-school work] and the use that ought to be made of them." The essayist briefly referred to the discouraging effect pro duced upon Sunday-school teachers when lessons which had cost much time and labor in the preparation were apparently nullified by the misconduct of scholars. He observe.d that in . such circumstances it was usual to .think that the lesson had altogether been thrown away, but this he thought was a mistake, asthe teacher himself could learn many important lessons from his disappointment. Again, it was not'to be "forgotten that boys frequently thought even when most inattentive. Bad boys :were not restricted to any one social class, but were fre quently to be found in the sons of ministers and deacons. They were not. to be discouraged when they got hold of a bad boy. It was very often thought that it was no use trying 7Ja had boy, but that expulsion was the only ' thing for him. He thought that it would some times. be a good thing if the' teacher were ex pelled.. They could not know what good might ultimately be effected by some of their bad boys. If they went back to ancient story they had the account of a young man who held the clothes of those who killed the first Chris tian martyr, and who became notorious for. bis zealous persecution of. the early Christian churches. Such people would have thought that Saul's case could only be met by expulsion, - but it was afterwards said of him—"He is a chosen vessel with the Lord." They could not tell how many of their so-called had boys might turn out in a similar way. When Christ was surrounded by disciples whose stupidity was remarkable he bore with them and said, " The ^ Holy Ghost shall teach: you all things." The oppositions of life were pretty sure indications of the path of duty. If a new property Act were to be introduced a cry would arise from the lawyers; an Education Bill would likewise ■provoke opposition, and a Licensed Victuallers " Act would arouse "the" cry from the publicans-"By this -means we get our bread." A conversational discussion followed ' the reading of Mr. Adamsom's paper, in which various phases and difficulties of Sunday-school work were referred to. The majority of the —speakers illustrated their remarks with refer ence to the results of their own experience. The duty of thorough preparation on the part "-of teachers was also strongly enforced, while it was pointed out that the cultivation of a more -intimate acquaintance between teachers and .scholars by the aid of social and other gather ..ings was urgently required. It. was suggested that the South Australian Union should en deavor to obtain the assistance of the London Sunday-school Union in introducing a good "hymn-book that could be used in all the Sunday ; .-schools of the colony. Votes of thanki to ^the -essayist and Chairman brought the proceedings to a close. The meetings will be continued this . -evening in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall. . • 