Mamet PREMATURE .BUßlALS. Tira difference between death and a state' of trance-or, aa the Germana put it, lodi and Sclieinlodt-has never been quite clearly understood .by the, generality of mankind. Society, which sometimes does its beal lox the living, does not always do its best loi the dead (or those who appear to be dead), and he would be a hold mau who, without statistics, should assert that men, women and children are never, by "any chance, buried alive in the British Isles. Are the bodies of the poor always examined . with care before burial ? Are '. deaths properly verified in days of epidemic, that is to say, in days of social panic ? .1 propose in this article to call attention to a few instances'of premature burials on the., continent of Eniiopo ; instances, whioh involve Btories of tranoej or Scheintodt-r-a trance,,the. semblance of death, holding its sway over tho human body for hours and ; days, and not merèly'/br,minutes, ag in the case of ordinary fainting "fits. In days when land is dear, and' burial "rights are less sacred than'tho rights of builders and con tractors, oofiinB have been opened with the piak-axe,' in'the aat of Converting cemeteries into' BtreetB and gardens/ Here a grave has been discovered whose inmate has turned in its shroud ; here a oorpBo clutching its hair ina strained and unnatural position ; dead -men and dead women lying in their graves as dead men never lie in a Christian land at tho moment of burial. Tie présomption is that these people'have been legally mur dered. , " A few months'1 ago a young ' and ' beautiful woman,' on the eve of ber marriage with the man she loved, was buried in the neighbour hood of Lodi, in Piedmont, in accordance with the doctor's certificate. The doctor WOB 'of opinion that the girl had died from excitement-over-joy, it is said, at the pros pect of being married, but the legal name lor the catastrophe was disease of the heart, ! and with This verdict her pluoo in society was deolared vaonnt. When the first shovelful of earth was thrown down on tho ooflin, strange noises wore heard proceeding therefrom, "as of evil spirits disputing over the body of the dead." The grave-diggers took to flight, and the mourners began pray ing ; ' but the bridegroom, lesa superstitious than the others, insisted on the coffin being unnailed. ThiB waa done ; but too late; the girl waB found in an attitudo of horror and pain impossible to describe : her oyes wide open, her teeth clenched, her bandd clutching her hair. Li Te was extinct ; bat when laid in her Bhroud the day before, her eyes. were dosed, her hands were folded on her breast as if in prayer. The " Medical Aoudémy" of Milan, in one bf its weekly reports, published on Wednes day, 22nd March, 18i8, quoteB ft' ease bf trance-whioh ocourred to an ex-nun of tho .suppressed couvent of St. Orsola, named Luoia Marini. The lady was taken ill, and, ta all outward appearance, died ; Bhe was known to be subject to a peculiar' kind of fit, whioh required peculiar treatment, and was staying ac the time of the catastrophe in tho house of a friend, who had been a nun. Hhe Jiecchini (grave-diggers, who in this case were the undertakers) insisted on burying the body before night; the surviving ex nun remonstrated, urging that ehe must first try the offeot of friction and mustard plasters applied to feet aud stomach. Fear ing to IOBO their fee, the men of death waxed wroth in their contention, and, seizing the body by the shoulders, were' about to drag it out of its bcd, when the " dead ' lady," moaning and muttering inarticulate sounds, turned restlessly on her pillow. The friend of Luoia Marini broke out into prayers, in terrupted by tears ; tho meu lot go their hold, aud one of them (the.elder of tho two) crossod himself devoutly.. The other, with a great oath, declared it was " apastas ;" . tho dead, in his opinion, being liable to oon '.WffiiiffltiBW^'-iW aTntfp testate ' dndThveuiTor, many a.Tong ^ dHy.to-. tell^bta story of her eBoapo from tho tomb. «aor Î Another case in point ia that of Cardjqri Espinosa, some timo president of Castillo.. Philip the Second, King of Spain, one day, in a moment of irritation, addressed him aa follows :-" Cardinal, tako heed I Yoit ave speaking to the President of Castillo." . Tho cardinal understood that, he was dismissed fram office (tho king being .bis own presi dent), and fell to the gronud as if stunned. ?Tho. pulse showed ho signs of lifo ;. tho p'arted'lips emitted - na breath-the king'B .wrath had, slain hie minister., It was de cided that the unfortunate oardin al should be out open and embalmed. The surgeon arrived and oommenoed his operations, when, lol.in the midBt of the outting the patieDt'/awoke, and, with screams of agony attempted to struggle with his operator. But it was' too' 'late. The wounds were mortal, and the oardinal expired before the: . comforts of religion'could be administered tot him. , -",' .'.'.'; \- In some' iustanoes the victima bf trnnoe have been known to'rise but of their coffins. A base ia recorded of a young lady in Leipzig who, being reported dead during a nervous attack, was placed- in her coffin, in her ' parents'. house, and- there kept daly dressed for tho grave,'. with the li'd of the obffin Btill unnailed. While ? the family wore at supper Bho'appeared iu her winding-sheet at the .parlour door ; pale and frightened, but, fair td abo, as before'Jber supposed deaths Father and mother n'pd Bietora , Btarted up with cries of horror, and rushed ont of the ? room by' another door, believing her to bo a .ghost. It was only after a long interval, 'during which they entered and found her at . tho-' table,1 eating''and drinking, that, they persuaded themselves that the girl still lived. They found her1 cbffln''empty ; ergo,'tho gt)OBt in the parlour was a living soul I The doctor,' the pri'eist,'and the undertaker saw 'the error of their ways, arid the deed was oancelled which deolared the lady a oorpeo. On the following year- another deed was made out/or the 'game lady, and tho'samo priest officiated, but'not the doctor or''tho undertaker. Tho'-lady- was married, and lived to be the mother of many 'children. iBut ' let us-go back a- century or two in 'theBO inquiries:1- We oome'upori tho'story of the Abbo-Pruvôt, author 'of « Manon Lós ôa'ut," and, earlier still; upon that' of To-. ' traroh. ' Prûyôt was ? found . in a'fotest, oho; floe Bumm.êr's- day,'in11» state of complete un oonsoiousnoss; - The village 'doctor,', who' ' examined the ' body,- deolared Htöat '? Ufo ' was" extinot, and oommenoed what he' waa ploasod . to term his post-mortem 'examination.' But at th« li rsl thrust of tba knifo tho unlnoky author awoke, and, with a pierolng shriek, gave 'up tho ghost. Bruhier, tho bio grapher of Prévôt, deplores this event aa a serious loss to literature. "Manon Los 'oaut," whioh Jules Jonin complacently oalla the "Pani and Virginia" of vioo, might, ho 'opinpB, have bad a BUOCDSBOT, if not a rival, hom (ho sama pon. Petrarch, when a middle-aged man, lay in Ferrara twenty hours .in a Btnto of trance, and was ta ba buried on tho completion of th*] time laid down, by law, that ÍB to cay in f ji,ir hours, v?hep a pudden change of tem* peratnre caused him to start ap io his bed. He complained ot the draught anáreprimañáed his attendants. They had allowed a onrrènfc' bf cold'air to i ali on his couch! Perhaps if the door had bern kept shot, the poet, show ing no. signs of animation, woola have ionn" buried that day. Petrareh would" have been defrauded " of à large portion of his lifo, and the work! would have lost, in consequence, some of its fineBt sonnets. ...^Misson, in .his ^'Medical*anecdotes',', tells a a"tory;of. a lady, who,-in 1577, was"buried alive in Cologne. This lady was the'wife of a consul,, and was plaoed in .tho family^vault in.gay attire with ringa on her fingere and a golden chain^r'ound her neok, as on her .wedding-day. Bobbers repaired to her grave at .dead of night to steal her jewellery, and were taking the rings from her fingers, which were damp and swollen, when the lady awoke, and, sitting bolt nprigbt, as if galvanised, stared and smiled at her visitors; One' of the three men fell down in a fit, fearing the devil -or his sgenoy, and the others took to their heels " as if pursued.by fiends." Tho ? lady walked home, and was received by her husband, first with fear, and afterwards with transports of .joy, and lived for many a longway in health and happiness. In tho Cuurcb£of the Holy Apostles, at Co logne, , ia a picturo of the consul's wife waking from the tomb, but the ovent is as cribed to a miracle, and death, not a tr ance, is the subject of the'.pioture. But the resuscitated viotims of apparent death do not always return safe and sound hale in body and in mind-from the land of shadows. A carabineer in tho Pope's ser vice, named Luigi .Vittbri, was"ngt long ago, conveyed to the- Kornau hoBpital,"and there, after a few days' -acute Bullering, registered as dead, ,bis .disease being " aBtbma." A doctor, glanoing at the- body, ? fancied he de tected signe of life in it, A lighted taper was applied to the nose of the carabin ocr;- a . mirror was applied. to bia mouth ; but all without success. Tho body was.pinched aud beaten, the toper. was again applied, and so often and BO obstinately that the noso \va3 burnt, and the patient, quivering in all his frame, drew abort spaaruodio breaths-sure proofs, even to a non-professional witness, that the soldier was'not altogether'dead« The doctor applied other remedies, and in a short time the corpse Was declared to be a living man. Luigi Vit tori' left the hospital to resume his duties as carabineer, but his nose-a scarred and crimson beacon on his face-told till hu died (which was soon after wards) the sad story ol- his ouro.jri the very jaws of the grave. Stories are told of men who, after sentence of death at tbe'bands of the doctors, returned to life blighted in intèlleot. : Somo of these victims af medical incapacity were men of position in society¡ but others-the great majority-were poor and friendlèes. Hos pital caaeB have principally to do with the poor, and-in hospitals in warm countries, patients who show signs of approaching 'dissolution are quickly disposed of. Cuuiillo de Lellis, the founder of an order of hospital monks, or brothers of oharity, speaks in.his memoirs' of the frequency of premature burials in Italy. " Ah, merciful God!" he exclaims piously, " how many living men and women are annually taken to their graves in thia Christian country 1"- Gamillo was of opinion that the victims might be numbered by many scores-nay, by hundreds-iu tho course of a singlo year. Ono day, after visiting the beds of tho sick iu a cortaiu hospital in. Lombardy, of which the nome has been left in blank, Gamillo entcruct tho morgue, and .found strewn upon the floor a great number of corpses, one of which was bleeding profusely from the head. A'dead man cannot blopd'in this way, thought Oamiilo*, and had the body taken to another'room,' and thero examined. The man was alive, and but for an accident would have' received burial. He had been thrown to the ground ' with some violence a a short timo previously, and then and there receiving tho Wound above alluded to, recovered consciousness. 13ut he only sur vived his sentence of death throe days ; he died of tho blow whioh had" awakened him from bi s'transo.-. But there aro' doublé 'deaths-twofold burials-which aro perhaps the most horrible of all. Sooiety thinks it is burying ono per son, but the " deceased,"-being a woman, may from tho point of view of maternity include two lives, or even moro. "Gasparo Bujes tells the story of a chil'd -born' in the tomb whose mother was buried alive. The lady was the wife of. a man of properly named Francesco Orvallos, and "died," while far advanced in prognancy, during her husband's absence. ' Orvallos, returning home the day after the funeral, had the tomb openod, not because he suspected foul play, but because ho wished to gaze once more on tho face of his beloved; Tho lady .was-in truth dead, but death had tïafaBplftid ? i i .tile grave. A .olnldb3i«|Mj^|p!nir« Je ri¿Wa5«, feet «8&^9Wttí^ñtÑW IfW Jû dre^eojiiaigu'Sd. to .thé -Lduét,'but'the^ml'd' ^f^oMp^^'o^^u^oar^ing till his "d iâWïtB°âamô''bT " Fruit of tho Earth," .occupied for several years tho post of lieutenant-general on the frontiers of Cherez. ThiB story is reproduced by tho late professor Corni in his treatise on " Apneology." Tlibso .who doubt it have only to'read tho following acoount of what ' is' o'alled "Involuntary Homicide," whiph happened in tho South of Italy (at Castel' del Giudice) in November Inst, nn'd of which accounts were published at the timo in the Neapolitan and English papers. 