SIR HENRY PARKES AT DUBBO. (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Slit, — Sir Henry Parkes's visit to Dubbo can not fail to be pregnant of interest to the country, that is if ' coming events cast their shadows' be fore,' for strange to say Sir Heni-y was always for settling a bold peasantry or rather yeomen on the soil of the country. JLnit noAV avo behold the squatters holding a Squatter's League in Dubbo, audio! up comes Sir Henry as their champion. Strange to say, at the last general election, out of the Avhole electo rate of the Bogan — the very constituency that Sir Henry compared in area to a kingdom in Europe ? — that out of these 7000 electors he got only eleven votes. Noav he re-echoes the very words of the squat ters, ' length and fixity of tenure,' yes, tAventy year?, so that their ilocks and herds Avould not be disturbed by selectors, and these the very men that in a Avreath of green had surrounded the likeness of O'Farrell hanging on the breast of Sir Henry in effigy, and underneath Avrhten in glar ing red ' The Kiama Ghost.' ' A rope I Avish avc patriarchs had, A rope for such as need 'em ; What! hang a man for going mad? Then farewell British freedom.' He isuoAv banquettedandthe toAvn illuminated to throAV a lustre over his august presence ; but it is not the likeness of O'Farrell that now adorns his breast, but the emblems of knighthood in blue ribbon. Full, as usual, of his own importance and egotism, he holds up to ridicule, in fully as bad taste as his trappings, the acts of the present Government, particularlv their Land Act. and although this Avas Sir Henry Parkes's first visit to the groat pastoral district of Dubbo, as lie called it, he appeared to be fully conversant Avitli their wants and Avishcs. The chances are that he got a lesson or two from his old political friend, Mr. Lord, avIio represented the district for twenty years until lie 'was translated to the Upper House. Here are his Avords — 'He sometimes thought, it Avould be easy f;o .show that the very ends if. aimed to prevent had been brought about by the operations of these hnvs. (Cheers.) Certainly more land Avas locked up through the action of purchase than under the orders of the Council. (Cheers.) They saw large Hums of money in A'cstcd by pastoral proprietors, and the land Avas certainly purchased not Avith a view of promo ting, but preventing, settlement, and it certainly ncA'er Avould have been bought if the squatters had anything like a reasonably secure tenure. (Great cheering.) There are avIioIo cases to show that money has been invested in land for the feeding of sheep, which would otherwise, and with different tenure, have been expended in other and more fruitful enterprise. (Continued cheering.) It Avas easy to see how men in terror of having their runs destroyed by invasion of selectors put themselves to the trouble and incurred ex pense which they could not well afford. (Tre mendous cheering.) He had been, fold not long ago how a mini that had invested £15,000 in .sheep had, in order to keep them, to purchase 50,000 acres of land by aid of borroAved money, in order to carry on a little pastoral business— and one or two bad. years Avould certainly make that man unable to meet his liabilities. (Cheers.) Men were driven by the Jaws as they stood to with draw money from other sources of industry, and lock it up in land in order to Avard off invasion. (Cheers.) This should never have taken place. (Loud cheers.) He did not believe that any lasting benefit Avould be achieved by a reform of the Land Laws, unlcss_men's rights were secured against inferi'erem'e, and a secure (.enure given to those engaged in pastoral pursuits, Avhich Avould be a greater security for the investment of capi tal, and progress would, follow,' (Great, ap plause), What think you oT this, yo bold peasantry — a nation's pride? Ye invaders of the squatters ter- ; ; ritory ! Ye cockeys that Avould put decent men like the feAV squatters that banquettcd this mus room Knight in terror of invasion ! ought ye not, if served right, be made to emigrate again — but from tho new to the old country this time ? Surely it was not to give you such rights and emoluments, that this great advocate of the set- ? (?lenient of the soil lectured in England. I have : often heard of the Birmingham rats, and if this i is not rafting, I know not Avhat to call it. Selectors, boAvaro ! Sir Henry is on the Avar ? path with tomahawk in his belt, blue ribbons around his neck, and a sealping-knife between. ?'- his teeth. Sir John, too, had better keep a sharp look out, for now or never his Land Bill is doomed to butchery. At the dinner at Dubbo there Avas not a selector present even to reply to the agricultural interests, showing at once that his reception was only by a clique, and that clique of the very worst possible stamp for the interests of the country; so that Hr Henry may find his war , - tramp frustrated, and loaves and fishes may fall from his eager grasp. Yours trulv, JOHN ROCHE ARDILL, L.S. Molong, July 29, 1878. , At the Coroner's Court, on Tuesday last, Patrick BroAvn, Avho was brought up on suspicion of ; having, caused his Avife's dcuth, Avas committed for manslaughter. . .;?;?. ;A HAN nJnned, John Molloy died in (ho Infir mary, 'on Thursday, from injuries received by being run over by an .omnibus. , : ? Potts's child, stolen in Fitzroy, last December , has; been recovered. A woman named Mary Ann JFitzgibbon confessed to having abducted it for . the; purpose of deceiving her husband. She said that at first she had no intention of taking it, but ;th!e | temptation was too strong, and that she had ; since, itaken care of tho child. ..:jTllE reductions in the salaries of Public school .teacherB; in Victoria will take effect from the let August. ? ..,; JiN the Victorian Legislative Assembly the debate on the Reform Bill A\as resumed. Sir . jphn O'Snanassy made a long speech in oppo sition to the measure. Sir Bryan O'Logh len, speaking on the bill asked lion mem bers to look ahead and see Avhat might be the consequences if (he present bill Avas not passed. This Avas a peaceful course the Govern ment avc re proposing, but. in the other Avay if they had to exercise the power and .strength of the Assembly alone, they might resort to violence, , and then Avhat Avuuld ensue ? WAGCfA Wacu;a. — A Avoll- knoAvn Victorian [ carrying agency, who found on a recent visit hero ' that the high rates on Victorian railway;? Avert) driving trade to Sydney, have issued a circular, which has been extensively distributed, in Arkick they state that they waited on the Victorian . Commissioner of Railways and induced him to make such reductions as will enable them to beat :, Ncav South Wales by Ws per ton, general mer chandise being charged 0'5s per (on, and Avirc and ? woolpacks -10s. — Telegram to Herald. The Austhaliax' Eleven. — Mr. G. Bailey, ,, one of (he Australian team of cricketers in Eng land, in a letter received in Hobart Town (says' the Mercury), states thai it has been arranged that, the team shall play three matches in the Uniied States on their return journey. The special correspondent of the .Daily Telegraph (Melbourne), writing on June 7, states that all the plavers, with one exception, arc enjoying , good health, the instance referred lo being Bailey, who somewhat suffered through the long and .' ' fatiguing journey, and. did not play after the opening match with Js'ott.s until going to Elland. Gold Pkosimx'tixg ix New Guixea. — A ' '''' telegram from Brisbane, on Tuesday Bays that ... private advices from Port Moresby, received at ? Cooktown, state that as yet no party has readied more (him 'M miles inland, Avith horses, from Port Moresby. Parties on foot are folloAving the ,'. river ton miles further, and all are pushing '.^ through tho scrub expecting to reach the main- ' land. Good promising colours have been found, ''' loading to hopes of getting gold liigher up the ' '[' river. The rains have ceased. Tho best prospect obtained Avas at the highest spot reached, and weighed nearly a grain. No doubt exists of good gold being eventually found if tho scrub is overcome. Wild Dogs axd Rabbits ix Victoria. — The Minister of Lands received a deputation on Friday representing a number of the pastoral tenants of the Crown in the malice scrub district, avIio invoked the assistance of the GoA'crnment in , the attempt to exterminate the Avild dogs ' and rabbits, Avhich Avere ruining tho runs in ' : ' that part of tho colony. They pointed out that the malice country Avas very poor, and that the settlors had great difficulties to over come from the Avant of Avater. The Avild dogs Avere very numerous, and destroyed many sheep, but the rabits were now invading the country, and were multiplying so rapidly, that unless some stringent measures were taken without loss of ': time, the country would have to be abandoned. : . The deputation asked that legislation on the ;'' South Australian model might be adopted,1' .?' and that flic pastoral tenants might be granted a fixity of tenure, without Avhich country of no pooa* ,: '' a kind Avould scarcely be worth holding. Mr. ' ; ' Longinore said that complaints had been made to ; ' him by selectors concerning the plague of rabbits.' He was assured that so plentiful ' were they that the dogs Avere gorged' ' '' Avith rabbits, and did not care to catch them, and ! that, notwithstanding dogs were tied round the haystacks us a guard, the rabbits ran carelessly between them and attacked tho farmer's produce. He promised to obtain from the officer-* of the Lands Department full information, and to pay a visit to (.lie district himself within about a month's time. The Hon. Mr. Casey's opposition to the Vic- ' ''~'~ torian Ministerial reform scheme is the topic pi: '' ' conversation in political circles, ...;?. .. .- i.-'iiiftv) 