THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPT. 18 1878. HAD SOLOMON lived in these days, and in this Colony, ho would probably have hesitated ere laying down the dogmatic conceit that " there is no new thing under the sun." Tho most insatiable gourmand in Main Line Ballway correspondence, contradictions, shuffling, and simulation, must suroly have long ago felt him- self repleto. We, from a fellow-feeling, have sympathised with our readers when wo have had, day after day, to distil for them the Rail- way disputations to which we have had to listen in Parliament. Wo have voted the subject thread-bare, and have been almost prepared to fall into tho Railway trap, and consent to Parliament giving thom anything they may ask if only we could-got. quit of this interminable subject. A stern sonso of duty alono uphold us, but not tho less aro we weary mid heart sick of tho subject. Yet we may not shut our eyes to passing events, and yesterday woro rather startled from the apathy stealing over us, by rovolations niado in tho Legislativo Council. Our readers know that much against the will of tho Main Lino Manager and Deputation, a Select Committee of the Council was recently appointed to inquire into tho state and condition of tile Main Lino Rail- way. It was generally" thought that the Com- mittee might havo saved itself tile trouble, as nothing now could bo expected, and of matters old wo had enough and to spare. But a surprise was in store for us. Tho Committee havo unquestionably "struck oil." Thoy print a lettor from Mr. GRANT to an oflicer of the Company deprecating a too honest report on tho conditon of the railway and plant, admit- ting their insufficiency, and stating that all the Directors would allow him for expenditure was not sufficient to supply rails,admittedly necessary despite Mr. GRANT'S repeated assurance to Govorn montthat the Line was all that could bo required. The Council have also unearthed a report by the Locomotive Superintendent to his Directora, and sent through Mr. GRANT, in which the Super- intendent in eft'ect reports that the Line is protty much in the condition of the Highlandnran's gun, requiring now lock, now stock, and new barrel. The Legislative Council doserves the thanks of the community for its fearless discharge of duty in tho mutter of tho Railway difficulty-a duty, be it said, by no means easy or welcome ; for the rabid advocates of tho Railway Company havo spared no eiforts to ridiculo, cajole, or in- timidate tho opinions of all those who have sought to"protect the Colony's honour. The present Members of the Council havo stedfastly set before them the theory that the Upper House ÍB a Chamber of Revision ; and, there- fore, their deliberative investigations have been marked by a judicial exactitude which has done much to counteract the halting and unbusiness- like working of the Assembly. Last year's Select Committee upon therailway brought to light many strange anomalies, and exposod with startling distinctness many unaccountable facts, the Hon. F. M. INNES to the contrary notwithstanding ; but the Select Committee now Bitting has in its progress report yesterday presented to "the House, unfolded snell evidence that men will ask themselves incredulously-how is is it that the Assembly nevor sought for these opinions ; never required this information, before it fell upon its knees at tho feet of the Deputation, and begged their acceptance of its money vote ? Echo may .answer, why, but certes we cannot. At stated periods tho Assembly seems to grow stupifled, the Members blindly following each other 'sheep fashion,' and mattera are thus left to chanco in a manner wholly inexplicable ; and we may venturo to say that, if we had not the keen perception and sound judgment of Members of the Legislative Council, .we should present to the world the most extraordinary instances of con- tradictory solf-govornment that the nineteenth Contury has witnessed. Tito evidouco given to tho Committee by Mr. MiDELXON is of a nature most damaging to the Railway, for not only is it manifest that tho in- formation is given by an export skilled in his profession,-but tile stylo and mattor of tho evi- dence bear tho «tump of a truthful witness. Evidently the foremost consideration in Mr. MIWJI.TON'S mind is tho weight of file rails as agaiiwt the weight of tho engines, and moro than once we lind an extreme emphasis laid upon thjs radical'defect ii* ihcsp words, "The woight of the rail must be increased, or the woight of tho engines must be decreased." That this straight- forward consuro upon tho worth and consequent safety of the Railway is not for the first time now formulated boforo tho Solect Committee, is ovi duiiced by the production of the roport furnished by Mr. Mi DKM OK byordorof the Homo Directors in February 1877. In hisroporttohis then musters tho same opinion couched in the same words is given, thus coup, usively proving that no animus, such as Colonel GIIKY would liavo us believe, influences or inspires this witness. We shall bo surprisod if this progress loport does not make some of the pliant and bujjhpd Members wish that their action had been othorwise. Moreover, we shall be further surprised, if this report does not compel oven these easily entreated mon to acknowledge that tile minority have boon right in their convictions, and worthy of honour for the dotaiiuiiicd stand they havo taken. Perhaps tho most singular oxposuro made is, that of the Company's intention, contingent upon the floating of tho £100,000 loan, as evidenced by Mr, GRANT'S lettor undor dato February 7, 1877, addressed to Mr. MIDKLTON, thon in tho Company's employment, of .which tho following is a copy : "My Dear Sir,-By the last mail I received Bilah very emphatic instructions from Mr. (>. Khoword (our chair man) several times repeated ii» a long letter, that I must communicate them, and ask your ktud attention thereto. Referring to tho loan the company propose raising, nnd which may bo effected within the next two months or so, the chairman states :-' Should wo get this money we should of coursa have something to spend on rolling stock. I wish to have a clear and concibe detailed account and report of the stato of each engine, carriage, truck, etc., you have in use. Tell Mr. Midelton to prepare it, with any noteB he may think proper to make ; read it yoursolf, and make Any observations you may think proper,- above all I should wish to know what engine is most likely to work your traffic properly,' In commending this matter to your kind and prompt attention, it is nesesnary I should advise yon that only the small sum of £¿2,000 has been allowed in tho esti- mates of the Company for 'Rails, 2 new engines, materials to bo sent from Eugjand, etc.,' which nmount would all be well expended in rails only. I would not, therefore, ask you to take the trouble o'f recommending any expensive alterations or renewals of stock, seeing that it will be long before the Com -pany's means allow of it. In-remarking un the new engines I would also as traffic manager suggest that they should be oven mole, rather than le«, powoiful than the present engines ; less than 20 vehicles is a poor train to take over any line, and our limit 'is now !) loaded truck), two carriage*, and van, which I con- sider a barely paying road. Yours very truly, (Signed) C. H. GRANT." There is no disguise about this strange appor- tionment of money. Apparently the. history of our Main Line Railway is to bo on one principle throughout-of £100,000 raised for the purpose of repairing defectivo construction, only £12,000 was. really to be used for the supposed require- ment. Where goes the greater share? Echo answers whore ? Wo do not suppose that Colonel GREY will tell us the secret. Mr. MIDELTON'S evidonce before the Committee will repay further analysis. Meanwhile, we would direct attention to the extracts Mr. CHAPMAN quoted, which aro' reported in another column. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-The Council sat till 10 o'clock last night, and got through the notice papers. * Tho principal items were the third reading of the Main Line Railway Interest Bill, and the second reading of the \ oluntccr Bill -which was advanced as far as the 26th Clause, to which Mr. Chapman took exception as conferring too arbitrary a power of dismissal upon the commanding officer of a corps. The payment of Interest Bill evoked a parting Bahrte on the railway question in the shape of an animated debate in which Mr. Chapman as usual took a prominent part. His speech was more than usually pungent in commenting on a progress committee of the select committee, brought and ordered to be printed, and which on the evidence of tho late locomotive superintendent gives a most unfavourable account of the railway and plant. The Railway Purchase Sanction Hill was read the third time and passed, as also was the Real Property Amendment Bill. The second readings of the Military Discipline Bill and the Probate Bill were postponed on the motion of the Colonial Secretary till to-day and next Tuesday respectively. The resolution of the Assembly upon the defences was likewise postponed till to-day. Tho Houso went into Committee to consider the resolutions of tlie Assembly upon tho Beecroft and Hardinge claims : progress was reported and leave obtained to sit again to-day. A number of petitions, presented on Friday last, wero ordered to be printed. Mr. Chapman's motion calling attention to tbo Main Line Railway correspondence lapsed.' The nouse will sit at 4 o'clock this afternoon HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY.-Petitions were presented yesterday by Mr. Scott from Launceston, agaiiiBt the Presbyterian Church Bill ; and by Mr. Gayer from landholders of Queenborough, complaining of encroachments on the public road and praying for an alteration in the management of roads and bridges in the district. Notices wore given by Messrs. Mitchell, O'Reilly, and other members. The Auditors' Salary Bill was read a second time and passed through all its Btages. The amendments of the Council to tho Bankers' Bill were considered and agreed to. At the 7 o'clock sitting there was a large attendance of visitors in* the House. Tho Colonial Treasurer moved the second reading of the Presbyterian Church Bill which, after a division on an amend- ment by Mr. Douglas to refer the bill to a Select Committee, was passed, The Committee to sit on Friday. The Electoral Bill was further considered in committee, and at 10*53 the House adjourned till 4 p.m. to-day. THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH BILL.-The second reading of the Presbyterian Church Bill was moved yesterday, in the House of Assemby, by the Premier, in a very temperate and well-weighed speech. Then followed a debate of a very one-sided character, for Mr. Douglas, in moving his amendment for referring tho bill to a Select Committee, demonstrated not only his ignorance of the slibject, but the impossi- bility of any committee labours, no matter how searching, enlightening such crass bewilderment of ideas. Ho was followed by Mr. Scott, who also supported the amendment, and who, himself a Presbyterian, must bo presumed better acquainted with the constitution of his church than could be Mr. Douglas. But Mr. Scott was oven more wido of the mark, so much so, indeed, that had a less ingenuous member made such misrepre- sentations we should have said he was purposely misleading the House, so as, by confusing hon. members, to find an excuse to obtain a Select Com mittco. Mr. Lewis' speech waa only of significance in so far as to show how proud the premier consti- tuency should be of their representative. As Mr. Dooley saw only the alternativo of supporting the amendment, or refraining from voting, ho preferred throwing over the subject that lucid exposition which he brings to the discussion of every subject in which ho takes part-and on what subject does ho not give his views ? Mr. Balfe was in tho unfortunate position of having to acknowledge that he had made up his mind in favour of the bill but now found he know nothing about the subject, and therefore joined with his leader in supporting a Select Coirlmittce. The speakers in'favour of the bill were Messrs. Riddoch, Gilmore, Clark, and the Attorney-General, and the division list showed 17 in favour of the second reading, and G, including 2 Roman .Catholics-Messrs. Dooley and Balfe against, and in favour of referring the bill to a Select Committee. Tho bill was then committed, and Friday fixed for considering the bill in com- mittee of the whole House. After such au expres- sion of opinion outside and inside the House, wo should hardly think the circumstances sufficiently encouraging to warrant the Rev. Mr. Storio in per- sisting ia his obstructive opposition, SUPREME COURT.-Tho romaining caso of Burr/ess o. ¡forgan was disposed of by the Chief Justice yesterday in the Small Dobts Jurisdiction, the jury returning a verdict of £50 for the breach of contract complaiued of. A sitting will be held to-day in Bankruptcy, in the matter of Thomas Bennett's public examination. OBITUARY.-In yesterday's Mercury there was an intimation of the death of an old colonist, Mr. John Hobden, school-master at Cambridge. His was a somewhat chequered career. He was, says a corres- pondent, bom near Brighton in Sussex, England, on the 8th January, 1790. He was a midshipman in the British navy in 1807, when the renewal of the war against France by the third European coalition was proceeding with vigour. He was taken by the French about this time and kept a prisoner of war until he made his escape just before the restoration of the Bourbons, and conclusion of the war in 1814. Soon after his return to England, he was appointed by the Lords of the Admiralty as teacher of navigation in the British navy. He arrived in Tasmania in 1830, when he was for some time engaged as clerk to Governor Arthur. He afterwaids went to Norfolk Plains to teach at Mr. Cleburn's grammar school. After that he was engaged as clerk to Mr. Gibson. He subsequently returned to Hobart Town, where he kept a school for a number of years. He taught navigation to a good many who have since become masters of vessels belonging to this port. He conducted the Cambridge Public School (Tasmania), for nearly 13 years, and taught until within 11 weeks of his death. Requiescat in pace! YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION,-An ad- journed meeting of the abovo association was held last night in the Masonic Hall, There were about thirty members preaeut. Air. T. Cane, who occu- pied the chair, stated that tho business of the meeting was to hear a report read on the hiring of premises ¡H Elizabeth-street, and other matters connected with the association. Mr. R. Mather then road tho report of tho sub-committee, which stated that the trustee of the premises in Elizabeth-street was willing to let the promises to the association for £200 a year, for five yoars, with tho option of cancelling tho agreement nt tho end of tho first year. Mr. Hurst thought the schemo was too large, and tho responsibility too great to be incurredoy tho association, tho number of members being too small at present. Tho Bow J. W. Simmons proposed that tho report bo remitted back to the committee for amendments. This was seoonded by Mr. Pollard ; pn boil'g P!)t tp the inoptiug, was lost. Tho report was theil adopted on the motion of Mr. J. Hamilton, seconded by Mr. T. Kirk. It was proposed by tho Rev. W. C Robinson, seconded, by Mr. Hamilton, and carried, that subscription cards be furnished to tho members of the association, explaining the proposed arrangements and soliciting subscriptions, and that these cards bo returned if possible by Octo- ber 1. Tho meeting then adjourned for a fortnight. WAIFS OF THE SEA.-Two pieces of paper, one of which has spent many months on tho sea, tho other only a few days, have recently como tq jight on the West Const. One was found enclosed in a square bottle picked up by Messrs. L. Castray and R, Wilson, at Bluff Point, near tho Arthur Uiver, on tho 7th of this month. The writing upon it isas follows :-" August 17, 1877.-Ship Timaru, . from Glasgow, bound to Otago, New Zealan'd ; C5 days at sea ; all well ; lat. 43 dog. 57 min. long" (the paper at this point is worn away). Tho docu- ment is signed " T. H. Taylor, master," who adds, "if found please report." The other paper was enclosed in a pickle bottle found by Mr. J, W. B. Castray between tho Macquarie Haibour and the Henty River on the loth August last. It bears to have been dated 8th August, 1878-seven days beforo it was picked up-and was prepared in lat. 34dog. 20min., and long. 143deg. 5mm. Tho writer Boys:-" Chucked overboard for fun by tho surgeon of the Carlise Oastlo bound to Melbourne. Wonder whore and by whom this will be picked up, if ever.-H.B." Nautical men find it interesting to ascertain flip direction of tho .currouts by theso apera. It is a little curious that thoy should havo een cast into the sea at widely dilVorcnt places and times, and been found on tho samo coast within a short period of each o thor. DEATH OP THE STEEPLECHASER TRUE BLUE. We are soiry to havo to state that tho veteran steeplechaser True Blue died on Monday through the effects of a sovero injury ho rocoivcJ whilst being taken over a brush fence by his owner. '? Old Bluey " (a name tho horse was well-known by) was a very consistent performer, but not boing exceedingly speedy often had to bo content with second place. His death will bo regretted by every lover of a thoroughly honest cross- country hqrso. A WINDOW SMASHED.-Yesterday Mr. Moore, tailor,. residing in Murray-street, had his ihop window broken by a wood-cart, which was in charge pf the owner, Mr. W. Davis. It appears that the cart was coming up Desmond-street, and when op S osito t-b.e shop, the horso baoked against tho will- ow smashing two largo squires of plate glas« fjft, lOin. by 3ft. Sin, ? X TnEATRE ROYAL.-The ColleenBaw» was repeated at the Theatre, last evening, to a very good house, the lower parts being well filled. As the performers showed a oetter acquaintance with the text,''tho drama went off more smoothly than on its first re- presentation. Mr. Wheatleigh«' unpeisonatioU of thorollickiuggood-humoured Irishman, "Myles-na Coppaleen," was well acted, and he was warmly ap- plauded during the piece. The other characters wei e all carefully sustained and made the performance highly interesting and successful. To-night will be reproduced, by special request, the great sport- ing drama Flying Scud j and to-morrow evening Mr. Charles Wheatleigh takcB a benefit, when a grand bill ia to bo offered. A comedy, new here, from, the pen of Dion Boucicault, entitled, Forbidden Fruit, and a comedietta, Two Can Play at Thal Game, are to be produced, when we doubt not this deserving actor will be accorded a bumper house. CLARK'S GAIETY TROUPE.-This company made their second appearance at the Tasmanian Hall last night; and succeeded in entertaining the audience in a very satisfactory manner. Mr. Alfred Sylvester is very clover in his " enchanted basket " of necromantic .gems, and completely mystifies everyone. Mr. Voltaire possesses excellent ven triloquial power, and kept the audience in good humour. Millie Naomi and Miss Nordt also render valuable assistance in the entertainment, which deserves liberal patronage. The 'group will appear again to-night. MADAME TASCA CONCERTS.-Lovers of first-class music ought to be pleased at the forthcoming ap- pearance of the celebrated pianiste, Madame Tasca. Her fame has been well established in Australia, and the opportunity of seeing and hearing her perform ought not to be lost., The ar- rangements made aro that four concerts will be given in the Town Hall next week, beginning on Monday next. Madame Tasca will be assisted by Mdlle. Rosaly Mertr., an excellent soprano ; Mr. J. E. Down, a tenor ; and Mr. Alfred Plumpton, who as a musical composer and. vocalist has obtained very high encomiums. In order to place these concerts within the reach of all, the management have wisely decided upon making no advance on the usual charges of admission. D'ARCY READ'S GHOST.-Notwithstanding that this is the fourth week the " Ghost" entertainment has been exhibited, it again drew a large audience at the Town Hall last night, when tlio same pro- gramme, as on the previous evening, was repeated, and passed off very successfully. The entertain- ment will be given to-morrow evening, for the last time. INQUEST.-A coronial inquiry into the cause of the death of Minnie Jane Leettham, who was found dead in a house in Bathurst-street ou Saturday last, was held at tho Royal Exchange Hotel yester- day. The surgeon's evidence, upon which the case hinged, went to show that death resulted from an overdose of paregoric ; ' and agaiust the, woman Stanley, who administered the paregoric, a verdict of manslaughter was returned, as she had with culpable rashness given the deceased an over- dose of the poisonous narcotic. She was com- mitted for trial at the next sittings of the Criminal Court. lu connection with this investigation, it transpired from the evidence of Mr. E. Ash, chemist, that phials containing .paregoric wero never labelled." poison," notwithstanding that it takoB but four or live minims to kill an infant. If such be really the usage, we think it is high time that it was made compulsory to label in a promi- nent manner such a poisonous medicine. A WELL-MERITED REWARD.-On Tuesday last, we learn from the Devon Herald, Captain Anthon», of tho s. a. .Argyle, Mr. E. Thomas, second officer of the vessel and Messrs. M'Donald and Lumsden, Beamen, were presented with a testimonial at Tor- quay in recognition of their bravery in saving the lives of two children in the River Mersey on June 28\. The presents consisted of a binocular glass each for the officers, and a small purse of money for each of the scamon. The presentation was made by Col. Rooke, and Captain Anthon returned thanks for himself'and party, tiio proceedings concluding with cheers for the captain, ship, aud crew. ATTEMPTED INCENDIARISM.-Tho Devon Herald says :-A most.,determincd attempt was made on Friday night to set fire to the dwelling of Mr. J. Clark, bootmaker, Gilbert-street. It appoars that Clark went away from home about 7 o'clock, leaving no one in the place, and about an hour aftcrwardB lie was informed that his house was on fire. A lad named Ikin was the first to report on the subject. He told another lad thatlie saw a largo fiare through the window, but that the light suddenly went down. When Clark entered the house, he found tho back door (which ho had left fast) half open. Within ho found the place full of smoke, and a smouldering heap of bed- clothes, etc., in a corner of the bed-room. On looking round, it wai fourni that a paling had been torn from tho partition wall between the front bed-room and sitting-room, and into the opening was stuffed a lot of loose paper, and'pine sticks, which had been prepared to li"ht the fire next morning, etc. To this a light had neon put, and on top of ¡di the bed-clothes woro heaped, topped with a largo stone. It was no doubt the fact of putting the blankets on that kept the fire down. As it is the paper was burnt oil tho wall up to the ceiling, whilst in the sitting or work-ronm, a number of boot patterns hanging on the wall were burnt. A number of articles of clothing wero burnt, and the blankets scorched, and it is impossible to imagino how tho house escaped destruction, being composed of old dry palings, papered. No cluo to tho villainous perpetrator of the outrage had been obtained on Friday night, but the polico are making a strict enquiry. THE PROPOSED VISIT OP ENGLISH CRICKETERS. A letter was received by tlio mail on Wednesday, by agentleinan in Melbourne, from Mr. H. F. Boyle, one of the Victorian cricketers. The writer state» (says the ./I;/«) tli.it Mr. I. D. Walker IUIBrelinquished the idea of bringing out his team of English goutle Australians on English soil ho does not think it likely that be woulu be able to get up a team that would bo strong enough to cope successfully with Australians on their own soil. The Zingari Club, however intend to send an oleven'tp'Australia. ' Ou the day after this appeared, the Aye wrote :-Mr. Reid, the secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Club, informs us that by the mail before last he received from Mr. I. D. Walker a lottor in which he Btated that at one time he thought the visit would fall through this year, but on consulting those who had agreed to make up the team he found that a strong desire existed to hold to the original arrangement, and that accordingly they would start by the mail leaving England on the 17th October. Since then no further communication has been mado by Mr. Walker, either by letter or cable, as would have been the case, Mr. lbrid assumes, had he intended to abandon tho projoct. In addition, Mr. Reid informs us that by the present mail he has received a lottor from Mr. Conway suggestiug arrangements under which the Australian Eleven might meet the Gentlemen of England ou the M.C.C. ground. From this it would Beem that he knew nothing at the time of writing of any abandonment of the project on tho part of Mr. Walker. Si'ORTiso.-From the Leader we learn that at the Randwick races a sorry lot contested the Steeple- chase, which was won by Uncle Ned, who is a better fencor than Peter Simple. The winner was pluckily ridden by Dougherty, who is recovering from a broken log. It was madness of him to ride, but as lie stood to win some £400 on the issue he was determined to risk everything. lu order to al- low him to ride his leg was bandaged tightly from tho foot to the thigh. Hu got on very well to the last fence, where Uncle Ned struck, which commu- nicated the fact to Dongherty's injured limb, for it made lum shriek out from the pain he endured. This too operated against his finishing ; still he got home first, when his pluck and courage mot with quite au ovation. Chester was very wicked in the saddling paddock at Randwick, lashing out at men or horses, whichever happened to 'get within reach of his royal heels. At last he became a perfect terror. Just prior to the steeplechase ho lashed out at Jupiter. Fortunately lie was too close to him, and his hind logs passed under Jupiter's bolly, who sprang out of reach before the next delivery caine, or ho would have been little longor known across the country. When he was being led off tlio courso on his way homo, Mr. J. do V. Lamb was driving past bim, but pulled up his trap into a walk, where- upon Chester, who failed to appreciate the delicate compliment paid toliiin, backed on to the phaeton, and lashed out violently, Bipashing two spokes. Such waa tho'forco of his kicks that he himself fell on to the broad of his back, though luckily without meeting with any unpleasant consequences. '' It is to be hoped that Chester will not'indulge his frolics' in the race, and, as has bccii dono, seize opposing horses by the car, and jockeys by the Jeg, But lie Bceins in a fair way to become a very dangerous op- ponent in more ways than one. - ' 