MISCELLANEOUS. The Bagot trial, a notorious divorce case heard at Dublin, cost £30,000, of which £7,000 was for medical evidence. Judge Skinner (says the Maryborough Advertiser) very sensibly ridicules the prac tice of inserting insolvency advertisements in the Government Gazette only as a perfect farce, as very few people ever have the op portunity of seeing that highly-interesting TnihKratinn. At iton BeeeliwnT+!i finurt-. lately his Honor directed that for the future every insolvent should advertise meetings, &c;, in the local papers. Pleuro-pneumonia has made its appear ance in the Clunes district. According to the Guardian a competent veterinary sur geon states that from the description given him of the symptoms of disease which have proved fatal to some cattle in the district, he feels certain they must have been attacked bv nleuro. Mr. Severn's suggestion of a method of using the telephone to enable deaf persons to hear has caused some sensation in England, and the experiment has been tried with suc cess in most cases, while in those wherein it failed there was very likely some omission on the part of the operator. Mr. John Browning, the mathematical-instrument maker, has obtained much better results by getting the deaf person to hold a string from the telephone between his teeth, instead of passing it over his forehead, as recommended by Mr. Severn. Probably it will be found that the best way of applying the telephone will not be the same for all patients, but will vary according to the nature of the defect from which the deafness originated. This boon conferred by the telephone upon an afflicted class is sufficient of itself to evoke the world's gratitude to its inventor. — 'CEdipus.' There is now on view in the Tea-reom of the House of Commons the fragment of a 250 lb. projectile, which was fired with a charga of 50 lb. of gunpowder at a range of thirty yards against an armour-plate nine inches in thickness, manufactured by Sir Joseph Whitworth out of what is termed 'fluid pressed steel.' The fragment (81b. in weight) shows in a remarkable manner the effect of great momentum suddenly arrested. The indenture made in the armour plate was but If in. in thickness, but the projectile would have penetrated an ordinary iron armour-plate 12 in. in thickness. A ' show' of a peculiar character is about to leave America for New Zealand and Aus tralia. It is a grand and unique dramatic exhibition of 'The Deluge, or Paradise Lost' It is owned by the energetic Eeralfy Brothers, of Philadelphia, and is a drania ] of a magnificent spectacular kind something like ' Round the World in Eighty Days.' It illustrates Milton's Paradise Lost, in a dramatic form, supported by a full company of actors and actresses numbering 40. Miss Julia Seaman has from its initial per formances represented Satan, and amongst other characters sustained are Abel, Cain, Adam, Eve, Tophet, Ithuriel, Mammon, Raphael, &c.; Its scenery is Pandemonium, Garden of Eden, Satan in Judgment, and also a panorama of the aerial voyage of his Satanic Majesty. This massive production was originally represented in New York some two years ago, and since that time has been shown in all the principal cities of the States. From what I know of the Aus tralian people it will come rather rough on their ideas, but I think that the grandeur of the affair will ultimately tend to its success financially — artistically, it is bound to be great, I feel curious to see how Eve will be dressed ; as to Satan, we have him frequently in our fancy balls in a variety of shapes. — Pi- ess. One Sunday a clergyman was preaching at John street ChapeL ' You always say,' he observed, ' that sermons are not practical. Because you have lost money in Turkish slocks ana omer sucn ruiieu securities, yuu commence your economies by cutting off your charities. But many of you still con tinue to give dinner-parties ; cut off one of these instead of one of your charities, and if you do this my sermon will have had a practical result.' 'Most indecently per sonal,' observed a well-known careful noble man to a friend, as he left the church with him. ' Hardly to you,' replied the friend, ' as you never gave a dinner in your life.' — Truth. ' A series ot experiments nas lately been made,' we learn from the Sydney Echo, ' by Mr. E. C. Cracknel!, the superintendent of telegraphs, with the electric light at Edgecliff road. Two very powerful lights have been used, and the brilliancy of the illumination was astonishing. One effect of the electric light is that its illumining power is greater at a distance of 500 yards than in the close vicinity -of the camp. On the evenings the experiments have taken place the portions of Wooi&hrc; and Double Bay on which the light was turned were almost as well lighted up as if the sun were shin ing.' The Tarrangower Times relates that as Miss Emma Harrowven, the daughter of a farmer living near Maldon, was crossing a paddock on her father's farm, a bull made a rush, knocked her down several times, and continued to butt her for about 20 minutes. Some girls going to school heard Miss Har rowven's cries, and at once ran back and told Mrs. Harrowven, who ran out immediately, unarmed, and boldly attacked the infuriated beast by kicking it with her foot. The beast, at this, made a halt for a moment, when mother and daughter escaped over the fence. During this attack every particle of clothing worn by Miss Harrowven was torn into fragments. Mr. Harrowven, after a long chase, succeeded in shooting the infuriated beast, which, fortunately, had no horns, or Miss Harrowven's life would have been lost. As it was she had her teeth broken, her faced much bruised, and was otherwise in jured, though not seriously. We (Port Augusta Mispatch) are informed that a considerable number of the men em ployed on the Port Augusta Bailway struck on Monday last for an advance of wages, in consequence of which some 25 or 30 of them were discharged, while the others agreed to go on at the former rates. The present must be a very unsuitable time for men to indulge in strikes with so many miners just thrown out of employment. A consignment of 2,000 trout ova, ordered from Tasmania by the City Council, arrived in Ballarat on August 23 by the last train from Melbourne in charge of Mr. F. C. Wainwright. The ova (says the Star) were packed in seaweed and ice, but in the course of travelling the ice to some extent disap peared, and the seaweed got slightly warm. They were handed over to the care of Mr. A. White, and will be hatched in the breed ing ponds at the Botanical Gardens. Judge Cope is certainly deserving of a testimonial fiom the married men of Vic toria. A few years ago he decided that a husband was not responsible for slanders uttered by his wife, and last week he non suited a plaintiff who sought to recover damages from a man whoBe wife detained a magpie, on the ground that the husband was not cognisant of what his wife was doing, and had not authorised her to detain the bird. But there are two ways of looking at everything. While this is pleasant news for husbands whose wives are given to scandal-mongering or to an unholy desire for their neighbors' magpies, it is not so nice for the people who complain of the loss of their characters or their magpies. It is, I believe, a legal maxim that every wrong has its right ; but in future an exception must j be made in cases where the wrong is done j by a married woman. If Judge Cope's law stands good, a reputation or magpie may be destroyed with perfect impunity, so long as the destroyer is a married woman. — 'Atticus.' The days of lottery art unions in Victoria, are evidently numbered. On Wednesday (writes a correspondent of the Creswick Advertiser) a few gentlemen waited on the Attorney-General, representing the Sand hurst, Stawell, and Echuca districts, .in wmcu inese arc unions nave been already advertised, requesting that no steps should be taken to prohibit those already before the public by advertisement. The Attorney General was obdurate, and declined to draw any distinction, consequently any future sale of tickets will become punishable by law. The island of Tenedos, the probable ces sion of which to England is rumored, is situated 15 miles from the mouth of the Dardanelles. It is about six miles long, and three miles wide. The island is rocky, bare, and desert towards the sea, but fertile in land, and has always been remarkable for the excellence of its wines. Corn, cotton, and fruits are also produced. There is a fortress on the east side of the island, and another on the north-west. A real live ghost, says the Wallaroo paper, is believed by some persons to haunt a house which has been untenanted for some time in Johnson street. A few nights since a resident of our town happening to pass the particular locality referred to after nightfall was horrified by the appearance of a figure in white, which he stated placed its hands upon its knees and groaned dreadfully. The said resident did not, however, stay to inter rogate the 'unreal mockery' as to the meaning of its peculiar conduct, but exer cised such unwonted velocity of movement that he found hsmself at his own door in an extraordinarily short space of time. It is stated that his hair resembled the ' quills upon the fretful porcupine' to an extent that defied both brush and comb to make it assume its original condition, until the state of nervous agitation iuto which he had been thrown by the apparition had somewhat subsided. . . ] Good serviceable sponge, it seems, is to be included amongst the resources of the colony, and, if the statement of the Poverty Bay Herald is correct, the establishment of a thriving local industry is by no means im probable, a good deal of sponge being im ported. Our contemporary says : — Large quantities of sponge may be found growing a short distance from here on the beach. Mr. Helps, in Mr. Kogan's office, has shown us some very fine samples, which he has cleaned, and in appearance they seem equal to those purchased in the shops. Judging by the size and quality of those sown to us, these sponges should prove a valuable article to export. 