PORT CYGNET-ST. MARY'S SCHOOL. EXAMINATIONS AND DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES. The first examination and distribution of prizes in connection with tho Port Cygnet Catholic School were held in the school-room during the past week. Prom a varioty of causes, over which the pastor of the district, Kev. M. J. O'Regan, had no control, the examinations were deferred from Easter week. This, however, tended not alone to add interest, but still greater success to the exami- nations to which the pupils wera subjected. There were present the Teachers of the School, Mrs. Philips and Miss Jarvey, Revs, J. Murphy, and M. J. O'Regan, the Hon. C. O'Reilly ; M. Fitzpatrick, Esq. J.P. ; the Members of The Catholic School Local Board (7), the parents of the scholars with visitors belonging to other denominations. The roll being called, 65 children answered to their names, the average daily attendance being fifty, remarkably good, considering the distance from the School and badness of the roads. The proceedings were opened by all reciting the "Prayer to the Holy Ghost," and the "Angelus." After which the pastor, who is chairman of the local board, read the following: "The Catholic school is now in existence about three years and a half. It was not, however, formally opened until the 6th March, 1S76, under the title of ' St. Mary's Catholic School, Port Cygnet.' The teachers and school were approved of by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese of Hobart Town, Right Rev. Dr. Murphy. The object of the school is, while imparting a sound English education, to instruct the children of the people in the mysteries and principles of our most holy religion, and to teach them to be dutiful subjects and good citizens. " Laus Deo et Imma- culata Virgini." The examinations, which were conducted by the pastor and M. Fitzpatrick, Esq., J. P., assisted by the teachers, gave great satisfac- tion. In reading and arithmetic the children showed a proficiency above the average in other schools while in writing, grammar, and geography it was evident that every attention was paid to these subjects by their respective teachers. The answer- ing in Christian doctrine was certainly the best wa have listened to for years, thanks to the unre- mitting attention of tho teachers, and the occasional instruction of the pastor. The names of children to whom prizes were awarded are as follows : Good Conduct, among the girls, Misa E. Doveraux ; boys, Thomas Wall. Christian Doctrine.-Fourth Class; Best Examination. - Emily Deveraux, Margaret Henessey, Eliza Guy, Aume Daly, Mary Renehan, Annie Curtin. Third Class-First Divi- sion.-Margaret Kilmartin, Ellen Guy, Julia Cleary, Thomas Wall. Second Division.-Minnie Moilly, Jane Doran, Thomas Dwyer, John Deveraux. Third Division.-Thomas Cleary, William Dwyer, Mary . Coy, Mary Crowe, Minnie Hollelian. ; ' FOURTH CLASS.-Grammar. Best Examination. Margaret Henessey and Emily Deveraux, equal, Eliza Guy, Annie Curtin, Annie Daly. Arithmetic. Margaret Henessey, Emily Devereux, Eliza Guy, John Curtin. Geography.- Emily Devoraux, Mar- garet Henessey, EliüaGuy, Annie Curtin. Reading. Margaret Henessey, Emily Daveraux, Eliza Guy, Annie Curtin, Annie Daly, John Curtin. Third Class: Grammar.-Winefred Dovoraux, Thomas Wall, Julia Poppard. Arithmetic,-Annie Daly, Annie Curtin, Julia Peppard. Reading. Margaret Scanlan, John Peppard, Julia Cleary, Patrick Dwyer, Johanna Phelin. Second Division Julia Poppard. Mary Thorp, Margaret Sullivan, John Kilmartin, Ellen Deveraux. Third Division. Minnie Bailly, Minnie Hollehan, Jane Dean, John Rourke, Margaret Rabbitt. Second Class. Arithmetic,- Margaret Sullivan, Jane Brerton, Ellen Dwyer, Edward Direun. Second Division, Margaret Kilmartin, Julia Pop- pard, John Dovoraux. Third Division.-Minnie Reilly, William Dwyer, Jane Doran, Minnio Hollehan. Writing.-Margaret Hennessey, Annie Curtin, Julia Cleary, Emily Deveraux, John Peppard, Thomas Wall, James Bleeze. Willingness to Oblige.-Margaret Kilmartin, John Peppard. General Improvement.-Annie Daly, Annie Curtin. At the request of Father O'Regan, the Rev. L Murphy, Hon. C. O'Reilly, M.H.A., and M. Fitz- patrick, Esq., J.P., addressed the children and their parents. They laid particular stress on the impor- tance of secular education being founded on, and going hand in hand with religious and moral train- ing such as that imparted in our Catholic schools. Their ideas of education was received with intense satisfaction, and there is little doubt but that the speeches of the two latter gentlemen have had a very telling effect on the parents and children. The pastor then addressed those present. In a few ap- propriate remarks he stated how pleased he was to see such an enthusiastic meeting as the one that assembled there to witness the result of the exami- nations, and encourage the little ones by their pre- sense. He was confidant that the working of the school not only justified his own expectations, but was also highly satisfactory to the children and parents. He eulogised the teachers for the success that attended their unwearied exertions in bringing the school to the high standard which it had attained in the district, and while thanking Miss Jarvey for the success that attended her department, spoke in very high and complimentary terms of the undoubted ability displayed by Mrs. Phillips, the head teacher, in the several subjects she taught. It is principally to the latter that the pastor owes the success of the school. Father O'Regan assured the parents that the school was now on a sure and per- manent basis, having nothing to fear from any ex- ternal influence that may be brought to bear against it. The one thing necessary was attained, as the parents were now fully alive to the inestimable blessings of a purely Catholic education. Very muoh to the surprise of the pastor, three of the senior pupils then advanced and read an address, which was acoompamed by a beauti- fully worked and valuable 'nkstand. In reply he thanked the children for such thoughtful con- siderations as those, contained in the address, so neatly and creditably got up by the scholars, but remarked that their zealous teachers were the best entitled to it, as his other parochial duties hindered him from being present in the school- room as often as be could wish. Ho nevertheless prized it and would preserve this mark of their esteem and gratitude. The children were then treated to an excellent feast provided by the parents and Catholics in the township, after which they wended their way homewards with many pleasing recollections of the first examinations and distribution of prizes at St. Mary's Catholic School, Port Cygnet. In thanking the members of the Catholic School Local Board, the pastor desires to convey bis special thanks to M. Fitzpatrick, Esq., J.P., who not only had the school erected for the convenience of the inhabitants, but also presented, with several valu- able books, the two large silver medals awarded as prizes for good conduct. Thanks are also tendered to Mrs. Philips for the many beautiful prizes she gave for distribution. 