MUSIC AND DRAMA, Last Honda; Mr. Creswick completed the hundredth night «t tus engagement at the Victoria Theatre. So long a sea mb, and one which has, take it all through, been a great success, is unprecedented in the annals of out stage. ISor ioee there now appear to be any sign of waning popularity. Thesavelty has gone, of course, but the attractiveness of the performances continues ; and there is no reason, so far as public support is concerned, to prevent another hundred ugfiu, or even more, or success, it is fair to the other Members of the company to say that they have given very efficient support to Mr. Creswick. Playgoers tire even of a star if the other performers are careless or indifferent. But the company at the 'Victoria have done their duty well and faithfully. Evident care has been taken in rehearsal, and though the study has been somewhat severe sufficient time hae been allowed for it, and dramas have not been rushed on to the stage as is often the case. The scenery and appoint ments generally have been good of their kind. Take, for instance, ' Henry I\ .,' which was produced on Saturday night, and has been played every evening during the present week. Elaborate preparations bad evidently been made for the production of this splendid drama in a worthy style ; and it is only fair to say that they reflected credit, cot only on the management, but also on all con ceined. There is scarcely anything which conduces more to the enjoyment of an audience, especially in an historical play, than to have the Etage appointments complete. If they are bad, they detract from the effect of the best acting ; if they are food, an indifferent performance becomes almost tolerable, while they enhance the value of what is fine. It would bo un just at the outset of tlr's notice to omit mention of tho skill and «x«rtioMof those to whom the scenic and mechanical acces sories of this play are entrusted. Mr. Clint especially' deserves credit. As an artist he is always clever ; but in this instance he has worked harder than usua1, and has done his work most satisfactorily. Knight's edition of Shukupearo lias apparently been bis authority for the scenery of the play and the blazonry of tho banners aud ««*to of arms. He could have no better guide ; and his knowledge of all that appertains to scenic art, and his ability to give effect to his knowledge, have enabled him really to produce worthy effect. The usual thing is to say, generally, that 'tho play was well mounted;' but in this instance we go further, and give the scenic artist the credit which is his due. With the acting in this play the public ought to be well pleased. Mr. Creswick was, of course, the Sir John Falstaff, and, according to the house bill, it is the first time he has filled the character on any stage. Still he does not come to ,the part as a novice. With his lengthened stage experi ence ne has necessarily 6een tho character taken by the best 'men of the past half century, while bis own perfect know ledge of stage business makes the study comparatively easy. The temptation to a younger actor would be to make Fal staff what Henry V. afterwards calls him, a ' fool and jeeter.' There is much in the dialogue which would, with out very delicate handling, degenerate into buffoonery. Sir John was a cowardly, gluttonous old rebrobate, it is true ; but he was not a mere buffoon by any means. In discrimi nating this, and in preserving the character from any approach to the objectionable feature, while retaining all the grotesqucness and rascality of the old knight, lies tho secret of Mr. Creswick's capital impersonation. He nover over does the thing. He ib ' familiar, but by no means vulgar ' with the Prince, thereby making a contrast to tho other wild folks with whom young Henry chooses to associate for the time being. Where ho is out of tho presence of royalty his swagger and braggadocio are most pro nounced ; but Falstaff, be he where he mav, never loses tho relish of humour — whether bis own or that of others. For wit, his palate is as keen as for his favourite sack. It is not necessary to follow Mr. Creswick through tho scenes of the play; tho general characteristics of his acting are sufficiently indicated, and it is only nocessary to recollect the scenes in the drama to imagine how he would, aud did, render Falstaff 's part in it. A word as to the other performers. Mr. Carey was an excellent Hotspur. This good actor has made a careful and thorough study of the part. It is somewhat to his disad vantage that his voice is not moregsasceptible of modulation ; Imtwita his manner, while we seo nothing to blame, we find great room for praise in it. Unreasoning and un reasonable, fiery and impetuous, Shakepeare draws Harry Percy ; and such Mr. Carey makes him. Brave to rashness, and, when . full of bis ambitious and retributive scheme, impatient even of his beloved wife's company, he is a sort 4-f human firework ; and such also the actor made him . Mr. Carey received a well-deserved call at *,tho end of the first act ; and fairly earned applause throughout the play. It is a long time cince we have seen him to greater advantage than as Hotspur. The same may be said of Mr. Douglas's Prince Henry. The rote is far from being an easy one to fill, and ?we must confess that we were agreeably disappointed in Mr. Douglas's performance. Frankly, one did not think he 'was m- good an actor, He carefully bore in mind that in all Mb wildness the Prinoe remembered, as if by flashes, that be was the heir apparent, and that his recklessness was the cause of infinite pain and mortification to his father, whom he dearly loved. Thus, though the spirit of mischief at times overcame him, at heart he was true to his father and England ; and when their honour catno iu question, ho threw folly from him as a motley garment. This was Mr. Douglas's rendering, and' although in the First Part of 'Henry IV.' the character of the Princedocsnot rise to the dignity it does in the Second Part, yet Mr. Douglas gave the aspect presented with a light and agreeable touch. Mr. Bartlett seems condemned of late to play the King : and he is not always happy in his delineations of majesty, fie was certainly better as Henry IV. than as Henry VIII. ; but in neither does he Beam comfortable. Somehow he lacks the dignity with -which fihakspeare invests the Sovereigns of England, whether they be good or bad. Mr. Bartlett is a capital actor ; but every man has his forte, and it may fairly be doubted whether in these royal characters Mr. Bartlett finds it. True, the King in this play is a part demanding more dignity than action. It is altogether different from the John, Richard III., or Henry V., in this respect. HiB influence and presence pervade, so to speak, the whole conduct of the drama ; and an actor best performs the part who impresses this idea on the audience. We do not eay that Mr. Bartlett was wanting in careful and good delivery, or in good acting so far as it went; but he was wanting in the impressivennss we refer to. For the other parts a orief mention most suffice. There is no important female character in the play. Miss Ashton was all that covli be required as Lady Percy ; and Miss Merton has little to do as Dame Quickly. Mr. B. N. Jones made up admirably for Bardolph, and Mr. Metoalfe did tolerably wellasPoins. Mr. Bland Halt contented1 bimBclf with the small part of Francis, and Miss Grace Henriqaes bad xothing to do bnt look well as Prince John. Messrs. Sea gnvfi Jerdan, Howry, Tolano, Boltoa, Forbes, Milner, . Devlin, Ryan, Ford, and Miss Blanch Murray completed the cast, «nd made a generally good setting to the leading parts.. Altogether the production of ' Henry IV.' has been a genufce success. ' On Thursday n'gbt Mr. Roinford took a benefit, fairly * provided by parquette and pit, and elected for the occasion to produce what was in the bills termed ' a new comedy play.' 'Our Australian Couain.' the piece in question, ecMse into the world without a declared paternity. This is as well. We should be loth to hurt anybody's feelings, and if nobody wrote the play we are relieved from anxiety on that score. The newness of the play appeared to be confined to its tide- and the names of the dramatis persona. The situations are, without exception, reproductions of solemn antiquities. Our Australian Cousin, a most thankless part, lor adopting which we cannot conceive Mr, Rainford's rtmaa, presents himself, as per announcement, at the manidonof an English uncle. He proceeds straightway to cxphuB. to his uncle that he is very rich and quite unculti vated, and professes to be very shy and especially timorous in the presence of young ladies. The explanation, u, doubtless, requisite, for from the moment it is made all evidences of chy&eaor; boorishness disappear, and the young Austra lian « ftvtntom is to .flirt ;in _*. very tmenbarraMed and . f aate fashiQii frith * young Oady frwnd of his uncle'* - «avgbter, ma, on dinner being autoiiaced, to B»n«uyre ? with consummate aplomb so as to elude the olaia ladies, and escort this young lady to table. WT»« next development of clumsiness is to propose very neatly and gracefully to the young lady, who coquets abominably with his addresses. In order to justify his Australian extraction our hero con siders it proper to confide to the audience that this is caused by his confounded clumsiness — confounded clumsiness leing evidently, in the author's opinion, the distinguishing characteristic of Australian youths. Considering himself rejected, he takes the first chance of erfljating the sympathies of bis fair cousin, the bosom friend of the object of his affections. In an F.nglinh lover this nvght have been re garded as Eomewhat a dexterous and sagacious move ; but, on the part of the Australian, we presume it must ,be accepted as a further instance of uncultured ignorance. Vow, the fair eowine has a lover, another cousin, who has lost on the turf, and wants £4000 to pat him straight, and is desperate, all of which he has confided to his inamorata, and all of which the, with commendable judiciousness, confides to the rich cousin who seeks her sympathy and good offices. But here— enter first villain ! We beg the first villain's pardon for keeping a personage bo essential to the t-tory waiting thus long. Captain. Sharp was among the guests introduced to our Australian cousin at his first entry into his uncle's house. At the ceremony of introduc tion, Captain Sharp suddenly rolled his eyes and sheered off into a convenient corner in order to mutter that he is recognized, &c; Our Australian Cousin sheered off in the opposite direction to mutter that he recognized, &c.; When each has returned to complete the inter rupted ceremony, which the uncle and other guests com placently permit to proceed without apparently perceiving the glaring necessity for instituting an inquiry de lunatico on each of the parties, the Australian expresses a conviction that he has seen Captain Sharp before. Captain Sharp, however, is eo exceedingly excited and bo ferociously trucu lent in hiB denials, that the Australian quick'y perceives there can be nothing in his fancied recognition — that the captain cannot be other than a gentleman of the highest reepectabilityand ton. So this is comfortably settled ; and were it not that the captain wears a frock-coat for evening dress, and a dress-coat as walking attire, and obligingly re appears all alone to remark to himself that ho is recognized, and to remark about the Australian, 'Curse him!' his respectability might have stood investigation for another act or so. In this scene, however, he presents himself in the despicable light of a listener, and noting the tete-a-tete brings the hard-up lover to witness it. The hard-up lover is of course close at hand; and on observing \asfianeie conferring with her Australian Cousin in a most demure fashion — being greatly too proper a young lady even to give the said couEin a hearty embrace when he promises to pull her lover ut of his difficulties, advantageous as such a caress would be for the advancement of tho plot — allows himself instantly to be convinced that he is thrown over. He rushes forward and makes a scene, and won't believe anything from anybody, contrasting most unfavourably in bearing with the 'uncultured' Australian. The latter exhibits unheard-of self-command, and does not even remark ' My word,' or ' Don't you believe it,' during the height of the excitement. Then the lover goes into the paTk to shoot himself, and of course the Australian is there by accident, and prevents him and throws the pistol away, and oqually of course Captain Sharp is taking a stroll in evening cob tume, and hears the excited youth brought to reason aud himself exposed ; for our Australian Cousin conveniently rallies his recollections and does remember Captain Sharp as an Australian of some notoriety. Equally of course Captain Sharp picks up the loaded pistol and shoots one of the two. The Australian has just given his cousin a cheque for £4000— a habit ingrained in wealthy Australians, as we all know. Captain Sharp shoots the Australian, and never thinks then or later of referring to the stage pocket-book (which article wealthy Australians invariably hand over with £4000 cheques) as a apiece de conviction, although he had witnessed its transmission and overheard all that passed. The voung ladies, also walking iu the park, and doubtless with a delicate desire to countenance the dress coat of Captain Sharp (whom they hate), in light dresses and bonnetless, hear the shot and rush in, to group them selves over the prostrate hero with as much emotion as they can summon up under the circumstances, the friend of la cousine mentioning that she loved him all the time. Finally, the family are discovered reassembled, talking over the murder. What interval of time has elapsed is dubious. Hot sufficient apparently for mourning to be sent home, but long enough to make a wedding not impos sible. Captain Sharp claims the pretty cousin's hand, is rejected, and enforces his claim by threats to have the lover convicted of the murder. Father and daughter promptly believe the worst and consent. All assemble for the wedding, to grace which Captain Sharp of course resumes his frock-coat. The lover intrudes, after a vague absence, and not unnaturally wants to know what it is all about. After a fuss his sweetheart owns she loves him beet, upon which Captain Sharp— who is fond of the police — summons two detectaves in-waiting, and gives the lover in charge for the murder. A slight omission had been made, however, not only by Captain Sharp, but also by the sweetheart of the Aus tralian and by his devoted relative!1. From the moment when the two young ladies bent over the corpse in the park no one appears to have taken the slightest trouble about it. There had been no inquest, not even an inquiry as to when the said corpse was to be buried. It is not surprising there fore that at this point the corpse walks in in excellent pre servation, and announces to its sweetheart (who is much sur prised), to its relatives (who are greatly astonished), and to Captain Sharp (who is entirely overwhelmed), that it is not dead. The resuscitated Australian considers it appro priate to ascribe his continued vitality to the thickness of skull peculiar to colonials, and tho dotectives-in-waiting march off with Captain Sharp in low spirits, as being an escaped convict . . Of the acting it is almost unnecessary to speak. Miss Anstead made one or two opportunities for herself, and managed to be charming under extreme difficulties. Cap tain Sharp's representative was an extremely villainous villain, and terribly conscious of his villainy. Mr. Bain ford as hero had the sympathies of the audience, although any other reason for his possessing thise sympathies was not apparent. His acting was really very good, simply because he -was entirely natural. But the action and re marks devolving upon him were so thoroughly common place — excepting only the giving away of £4000, which is not «o common as we could wish, but yet is not readily made effective on the stage— that there was little to centre interest upon his proceedings. The remainder of the characters had simply nothing particular to do, and did it very creditably, with the exception of Miss Maggie Oliver, who waB in the cast, and excited an amount of amusement in consequence of the eccentricity of her make-up and the extravagance of her action, which largely contributed to throw an air of ridicule over the whole performance. In tended to personate a plain, awkward girl as foil to the belles of the piece, it pleased Miss Oliver to adopt a dress belonging to a half century earlier than that of the cos tumes of the other characters, and to indulge in antics which would have closed every drawing-room to her long before she attained the age she assumed. The audience laughed a good deal during the performance, and at the - conclusion Mr. Kainford and Miss Austead were called before the curtain. On Saturday night Mr. O. D. Chaplin took his benefit at the Theatre Royal, where there was a gocd house, which no one deserves better than Mr. Chaplin. As a good all-round actor he has not his equal in Sydney at present. The his torical drama entitled 'Robert Emuiett ' formed the first part of the programme. The play depicted the leading incidents in the patriotic Irishman's career. Fair scope was afforded for the display of rhetoric by the beneficiary who took the leading role, and the character was filled with a becoming; dignity, though a fuller measaie of enthusiasm in the impersonation would not have been amiss. Miss Alice Deorwyn made a pretty little impassioned patriot's - wife, and performed her part admirably, receiving, . with Mr. Chaplin, a shower of bouquets at tho close of the drama. Mr. South and Miss Oliver, as a son and daughter of the Emerald Isle, and friends --f the cause of Emmett, astod their parts well, and their mirthful ness certainly gave variety and life to the play. The representations included meetings of conspirators, surpriseg by die king's soldiers, the capture, imprisonment and trial of Emmett, dosing with the execution scene, unexecuted. The second part of the performance was the best, beins Tobin's sparkling comedy, ' The Honeymoon^' in ' which Mrs. Scott-Siddoms took the leading character (Juliana). ; Mr. Chaplin .made an admirably cool Duke Aranza, Mrs. ~ Riddoas filkd the port corresponding to that of Juliana with a wilful imperiouEnt'66, a mock submission, and finally a gentle and sweet docility and lovableness that marks her as one of our first actresses. The piquant passages of the comedy are rendered by her with the most mirth- provoking effect. The Misses Deorwyn filled subsidiary parts very pleasingly, and the other members of the company contributed to a very creditable performance of a comedy fall of hamor and fun from tint to last. The interest of the audience was absorbed to the close, when the company were greeted with warm applause. Mr. Chaplin returned thanks between the plays for the benefit given to him. The Lydia Howarde burlesque company commenced their season at this theatre on Monday night, when there was an enormous crowd in every part of the house. When a burlesque or extravaganza is annoucced for production at. the Theatre Royal, one is tolerably safe in predicting that it will be well done. The management has laid itself out to this business to a great extent, and much to the satisfaction of the lovers of that kind of performance. Therefore something good was expected when H. J. Byron's extrava ganza of ' Ivanhoe ' was announced. On her last visit to Sydney Miss Howarde made a great success with ' The 'White C&t.;' Now ' Ivanhoe' belongs to a more modern school, and deals with absurdity to suit the fashion of the day, Nothing is sacred from these burlesque writers, They parody even Shakspeare, and poor Sir Walter Scott seems to furnish them with endle3B themes for mirth. The burlesque writer with perfect happiness ignores probability and everything that is consistent) and makes such utter nonsense of the whole affair that one can do nothing but laugh — any more serious feeling would be so much good passion wasted. So it it -with tiiis extravaganza of ' Ivanhoe.' From first to last the thing is supremely ridiculous, and it is so well done that you can not but be amused. The cast was as follows :— Sir Brian de Eois-Guilbert, Miss Howarde ; Rowena, Miss Solange Kavaro ; Ivanhoc, Miss Oliver ; Prince John, Miss Rogers; Rebecca, Mr. South; Isaac of York Mr. Welsh. The acting was good all round, but the singing (and some of it waB rather ambitious) was spoiled by want of time. Miss Howarde and Miss Navaro's duet ' Sainted Mother ' was, in fact, spoiled by this defect. We have certainly seen far better burlesques than this of ''Ivanhoe.' 'it is altogether too foolish, and one wearies of the perpetual rough play, unrelieved as it is by anything like genuine wit or humor. Being holiday time, however, the folks took everything in good humor, except a lamentable effort at a cong which was made by one of the company — we will not mention his name — and which elicited a round of hisses. With Hies Oliver and Mr. South in a cast there is certain to be an immense amount of fun, but to our thinking Mr. South rather overdid the part of Rebecca, and made it too vulgar. However, the burlesque has gone well during the week. We should mention that it was produced under the direction of Mr. Lazar. The present week being our Easter Carnival, the town is crowded with visitors, and the number of minor entertain ments is legion. At the Queen's Theatre the Georgia Minstrels have resumed their nigger entertainments. Burnt cork has always a welcome from the multitude, and consequently good houses have resulted. D'Arcy Reed's Ghost continues to walk at the Guild 'Hall nightly, and crowded houses assemble to be horrified, but go away highly delighted and amused instead. The wonderful spectral effects, and the dancing and singing cause unmixed delight. Thomson's Diorama of the American War, at the School of ArtB increases, if possible, in popular favour. The beautiful views exhibited, together with the singing and dancing of the company, give every satisfaction. Spencer's Museum, also is regularly well filled. The various curiosities, me chanical and historical,' arc examined by the visitors willi great interest, and the musical and dramatic performances of the talented Spencer family call forth encomiums as hearty as they are deserved. With regard to music there is but little to report. On Good Fridsy evening several sacred concerts were given, but generally the performances were not so good as to require a detailed notice. A treat is, however, promised next week in the concert to be given by Mdlle. Cham bonnet, from the Paris Conservatoire. Report speaks very highly of this young lady's pianoforte playing. Train the Austral Review, a Melbourne publication, we condense the following sketch of opera companies that have vifiitcd Australia. It is handy as a record : — ' A quarter of a century ago, and more, there used to be delightful weekly reunions, on Thursday evenings, at the Mechanics' Institute, Melbourne, with a social concert, in which Mrs. Tester's name was generally the most prominent. Tho Melbourne Philharmonic Society then arose, and, through all the vicissitudes of the country, it has been as steady as die Bank of England, in its way.. Old John Russell was long the conductor, and Miss Octavia Hamilton the prin cipal vocalist. Madame Sara Flower was a contralto whom we have never heard excelled since, if equalled. Tradition states that she once sang Farquhareon's music in an ora to'io, while the great basso was unwell, and merely stood in dumb show. Farquharson came about 22 years ago, with a Email English opera company, from London, including Julia Harland (Mrs. HoBkins) and Walter Sherwin. They played at the Melbourne Olympic, and first introduced this public to Wallace's 'Maritana,' which has Bince been indisputably placed as the best of English operas. Per haps the fact that it waB composed in Sydney accounts partly for the affection with which we regard it. The earliest operatic artistes we remember are Catherine Hayes, Anna Biehop, Signor and Signora Bianchi, Signors Laglaise, tenor, Coulon and John Gregg, bassi. Anna Bishop was the first to play Martha, and Madame Carandini Fra Diavolo. Coppin laid down the dictum that opera never would pay in Melbourne. In the early present ations of Italian opera, the language was very mixed. It was said that Laglaise sang in French', Gregg in English', Coulon in Italian,' and Farquharson in Italian — and English. Mr. W. S. Lyster came iu 1859, with Misiuniee Escott, Durand, Hodson, King, Messrs. Squires, F. Lyster, and Trevor. Farquharson being added, they opened at the Royal, in 'Lucia di Lammermoor.' fcscott and Squires held their own for several years after, although the former relied most ou her acting, and the latter habitually sung in falsetto. The first production of the Huguenots was the greatest operatic' success ever achieved in Melbourne. What manager Xyster calls his mania ;f or grand opera was indulged to the full, and the piece ran a month, its cast being as fol lows ; Valentine, Escott ; Marguerite, Durand ; Urbaiu, Hodson^ Macel, Farquharson ; Raoul, Squires ; St. Bris, Wharton ; Nevers, V, Lyster ; Soldier, Trevor (aferwards by Beaumont). Wharton, a baritone from London, had joined the company two or three seasons after its earliest performances in Melbourne. The Biauchis played a short time. Signor was rather like Giamniona, and the Signora was a comfortable looking body. Mr. Amies Beaumont made his first appearance on the stage in Sydney, about 15 years ago, a? Thaddeus, in the * Bohemian Girl.' He has been almost continually under engagement to Mr. Iij-ster. Except one comparatively brief visit to San Francisco, Beaumont has kept to Australia. We never met such a pair of tigers for work as Escott and Squires, and really they have well earned repose iu their quiet little home in Paris. Fancy the Huguenots for twenty four - nights right off, excepting only Sundays. A regimen of this, kind of duty would benefit our ample but handsome acquaintance Rosnati, to whom singing three nights a week, and banquetting on the other four, was not the best possible ' training. In 1868 our first regular Italian company arrived, Mdlle. Vitali, Signors Devoti, Bc-rtolini, and Be Antoni. The last-named has been thought, by some, the ablest basso who ever visited Australia. He had a beautiful rich voice, steady as a trumpet, and deep without a grdwl. It was better than Farquharson's, and of different timbre. D' Antoni was just Dondi. lowered to a pure basso. Dondi's magnificent voice is a nondescript, two parts basso and one baritone. Exquisite connoisseurs will have one thing or the other. In 1869 Lyster and the late John W; Smith, in partner- ship, introduced a new opera company, engaged by Mr. Lyster in Milan. These were Mdlles. Baratti and Lucy . Chambers, Signors Neri, Dondi, and Contini. Baratti will ever be a grateful memory. How excellent, vocally, was her Norma ! All professionals had a very high opinion of her. Some time in 1869-70, when the Baratti company left, William Lyster made one of his characteristic speeches, before the curtain, informing the public that they would have no more Italian Opera for ever so many years, because the support had broken down entirely. Within a few . weeks, if not days, there came an announcement that Cagli and Pompei's monster Italian opera company was on its way from Java to Australia, being the first double company that ever visited this continent. Mr. Lyster quickly allied him- . self with the new crowd providing the Princess Theatre scenery, band, and chorus, in return for the services of the principals, and then dividing with Cagli. The initial performance was 'Un Ballo in Maschera, introducing; Adela, Mdlle. Rosavalle: Ulrica Mdlle. Polli; Il Paggio, Madame Giulia Tamburini Coy; Riccardo, Sig. .Rosnati; Renato, Sig. Coliva Samuelo, Sig. Bondi; Tomaso, Sig. Grandi. Doadi was the only addition made here to the company. Rosnati made a bit at once, as the best tenor yet heard in Mel- bourne, and he never sang anything so well as Riccardo. Coliva likewise established himself as a first- class baritone. Coy was the favourite, by a long way, among the ladies, Polli being an ordinary contralto, and Rosavalle nowhere as a priHia. The second night of the season gave us 1 Marta,' beautifully rendered, with : Marta, Madame Coy; Nancy, Polli : Lionello, Leandro Coy ; Plunketto, Tour- nerie ; Sir Tristram, Grandi. The third night of the sea- Bon was ' Lucrezia Borgia,' with Zenoni as the heroine, and she began a pleasant career before the Melbourne public, her best mark being Fides, in ? II Profeta,' thanks to the drilling of little Zelman, that strange enthu- siast, who combines a taste for Arabic with music. He is the best conductor we ever had in Melbourne. Madame States brought over her company from San Francisco towards the end of 1871. _ Besides herself there were Susini, Orlandini, and Cecchi. Orlandini, at that time, was a powerful baritone. Signor Cagli went to Paris, and made an unfortunate engagement. Madame Palmieri was a failure, although we heard her with some enjoyment in ' Semiranude ' and ' Norma. ' Her daughter, Persiani, was good in ' Crispino e La Comare.' Mdlle. Almacinzia Magi, the new contralto, was the best of the whole party, and next was Baldasearo, the buffo. The latest troupe we have had was Lazar's, which included Mdlles. Guadagnini Vita, Link, Venosta, Baraty, Signors Paladini, Camero, Cesari, Orlandini, Tensada, Gambetti, and some more." 