) OUE AM ATEUE THEATRICALS AT / BOOLONG-. J He jests at scars who never felt a wound — Eomeo, V One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Gross, y of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, y was when he made his first and only appearance as fan \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at his ' own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad f conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the / boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his \ peculiar dehnt. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing I red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the ' bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down ) at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ') in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having J scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the . thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind ®f scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am- ' bitibus amateurs, eager " to fret their hbur upon the ) stage," and one or two seedy outcasts of the profession'; and he looked forward to the production of his pet play, V " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, r not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ) month's constant rehearsal, were jrretty perfect in, their k wbrds before the curtain went up, but after it did most of r them forgot them. 'The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was 7 intoxicated, and the King likewise ; OjKtelia, an amateur, X burst into a nervous fit of tears, before she said a dozen r lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who J assembled to assist at the amateur perform-ance. But this V was not the worst, for 'Banbury found that when the bills r came in theexpense was twice as large as he had e.xpected, f and he could not meet th'emh " The felloyvs,";he.used to say, V " allowed me to have whatever Twantccl oh credit,' because they knew that my rich uncle in Ad.ela;ide,.a strict Method-; ) ist, would pay them, but I.knew. very "vvell he would do no V such thing, when he fbnhd , they were for theatrical trap- ' pings, for if there was'.bne thing he held in abhorrence it ) was the theatre.', ; What was he to do,?, . His imcle would disinherit himj -turn him but 'of ; the houe ha ;had, f urnished ; r for him, aind'send him adfiftcn the, .wbrld;;,- What was he.. . ktodo? His creditors would not wait and' he'. would be a miserable p.auper. . But 'for 'alTthi.sfhe: did not lose his house, and his poor uhcle's fortune is in. the bank , in his. y name, thanks to, the 'tim'ely , aid 6t one who' is: a friend to . the drahM as well as to the rest of the world, who advanced him the needful. .Need, we say,_ his name. No ; all know y, him 1 But we may as well remark 'it'! was t\i.ec1taininon . of the distiessed, '' ' , DAV.ID IlENRT, of' 5AGoUihs s ) Who has from &') to .£ 1 0,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills j of sale (with.- or without- fsecurity), salary; orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of , lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandise,-pmexpected remittances, or on moneys per- . V sons-may be entitled to from' England and elsewhere; etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. ) Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and y mortgages from 6 per cent. 