LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL AT RYE PARK. (Communicated.) The pressing need of a new Weslej-an chapel at Rye Park has been long .felt ; the old one has done good service in the past, arid has been a blessing- to the neighbourhood, but has now become dilapidated, and is also too small for the congregation. Often the place ' is go crowded that those present are made mosl uncomfortable by the crush, whilst others stay away, not caring to endure 6uch dis comfort. A few months ago, the leading members of the congregation held a meet ing to take into consideration the erection of a more suitable place of worship, at which it was resolved to build a com modious brick chapel, at a cost of about £300 ; and no time was lost in putting this resolution into a practicel shape. Yesterday the foundation stone was laid by Miss Hume, daughter of A. H. Hume, Esq., J.P., of Everton, who did the work in such a neat and graceful manner that led to the belief she well understood the modus operandi required at such cere monies. The Rev. G. R. Glasson, superintendent minister of the circuit, gave out the hymn usually sang on such occasions, which was very well sung by the company. The Rev. J. Clifton, of Bathurst, led the oongregation in prayer, after which a bottle containing the cus tomary documents deposited on such occasions, together with the last issue of the S. M. Herald and several other papers, also Bonie of the coins of the realm, was placed in a cavity prepared for it. The stone was put into position, after which a beautiful mallet and trowel were pre sented to Miss Hume by the Rev. G. R. Glasson, who expressed the great pleasure it afforded him in being called upon to preseut the mallet and trowel to Miss Hume, and then requested that lady to lay the stone. Miss Hume gave the orthodox knocks upon the stone, and then declared it to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, after which Mr. Hume made a few appropriate remarks, and on behalf of Miss Hume and himself thanked the committee for the honor they had done his daughter in requesting her to lay the foundation stone of a place to be erected for the worship of God. Between £30 and ±'40 was then placed upon tbe stone. A suitable address was delivered by the minister of the Circuit, and the proceed ings were brought to a close by the Rev. J. Clifton pronouncing the benediction. Soon after the conclusion of the stone ceremony, those present were invited to partake of a sumptuous repast provided by the laides of Rye Park. It was well for the tables that they could not feel, otherwise they would have cried out under the burden of cake, tarts, and a great variety of other good things — so rich as to leave no doubt that numbers of those who indulged so freely, are suffer ing to-day from nervousness and bilious head-ache. When all had done ample justice to the good things, the tables were removed, and the public meeting com menced. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Clifton The financial statement was made by the minister of the Circuit. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Cummins, Cook, and the Uev. G. R. Glasson. A collection was made, and at the close of the meeting it was announced that, including some promises made before, the proceeds of the day amounted to nearly £150. We think the Rye Park friends have cause to be thankful, take cour.ige. and go on their way rejoicing. March loth, 1878. DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT. — A. well-known resident in this district, Mrs. Stamp, died in the hospital on Monday last. It is a number of years ago since Mrs. Stamp came to reside in this district, and she was well known to a number of residents as the keeper of a boarding-house in Fitz- maurice-street. For some time previous to her death she resided on the Albury Road. — Wagga Express. 