A??NIERSARY SERVICES. The third anniversary services of St. Saviour's church took place last Sunday, when there was a large attendance both morning and evening. The Rev. Canon Handfield preached an impressive sermon in the mprning from I Cor., vi., 19. "What? Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?" The rev. gentleman, in the course of his sermon, observed that the congregation had much to be thankful for in the past, and earnestly urged upon them the duty of giving and working for the church. The sermon in the evening was preached by the Rev. Dr. Bromby, who took for his text Job xxxii., 8.-" But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth thee understanding." He dwelt upon the imperfect state of man in this world, and pointed out that the most gifted men, after attaining their esire., htd still a longin3 after something better, and he eloquently described the geand purpose of the Almighty, which was to be the development and consummation of man's intellectual powers in eternity. Dr. Bromby's discourse, which was charac terized by a profound depth of thought, was listened to with close attention. At the conclusion of each service collections were made in aid of the church enlarge ment fund. Miss Bromby presided at the organ, and the church was tastefully deco rated. On the following Tuesday a tea. meeting was held in Fitzroy Town Hall, when about 600 people sat down to tea, the arrangements for which reflect great credit upon Mr. Vivian, hon. sec., and the ladies. Justice having been done to the good things provided, the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne was voted to the chair, and a short service was held, which was opened by the St. Peter's choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Summers, singing with fine effect, hymn 222e-" Ancient and Modern," after which the Rev. Canon Handfield read several prayers. The Dean, who was leudly applauded, then delivered an address, in which he alluded to the in terest he had always taken in St. Saviours, and he called upon the Rev. C. M1. Yelland to read the financial statement, from which it appeared that £550 had been required for the enlargement of the church; of this £226 had been raised during the past year by means of the last tea-meeting and col lecting cards, and the present tea-meeting would make a further reduction. A gentle man had also promised him £10, and they were going to have a bazaar in October, which should be a financial success. He trusted to see the church enlarged before twelve months. The rev. gentleman con cluded an eminently practical speech by humorously observing that his whole speech that evening was-that he wanted £214. The Rev. Canon Handfield moved a vote of thanks to the ladies, and he expressed the pleasure he had experienced on the pre vious Sunday, when preaching to such alarge and devout congregation as St. Saviours. The Rev. J. Caton seconded in a speech which excited great merriment. The Rev. Dr. Bromby then came forward and de livered his interesting lecture on Eddystone Lighthouse, which, it is needless to add, was highly appreciated by those who came for an intellectual treat. There was one drawback for which the Doctor had to apologise-through some mismanagement the diagrams could hardly be seen by the audience. However, judging from the applause bestowed, this defect was over looked. The Rev. C. iM. Yelland moved a vote of thanks to Dr. Bromby, the Dean, and St. Peter's choir, which was carried. Mr. Vivian's model of St. Saviour's was exhibited on the platform. The various numbers on the programme were efficiently rendered by the choir. One song particu larly (Nancy Lee) seemed to take amazingly, the audience joining lustily in the chorus, and a repetition was vociferously demanded and complied with. The singing of the National Anthem closed the proceedings. 