BY CFXI.VS AEBOUR. By WALTER BESAXT and JAMES MICE. Authors of ' Jtrtufy Money Mortiboi/,' 'The Golden Butterfly,' §c. ' [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Hail. I Chapter XXII. — A Night rr the HABnorn. The sun v.as still high, but fast sloping westwards ; there « as a strong breeze blowing up the harbour from the south-west, the tide was full, the water was bright, its wavelets touched by ths sushine, each ore sparkling like a diamond with fifty facets ; the old ships, bath/d in the soft evening light, looked as if they were resting from a long day's w ork ; the ham mers in the dockyard were quiet, and though the bei h was crowded it was with'Van idle thror.g who congregate together to talk of ships, and fey natu rally tended in the direction of the beach because the ships were in sight as illustrations. We kept our oars and mast with the running gear in safety in one of the houses on the Hard, behind a shop. It was a strange and picturesque shop, where everything was useless ana interesting — a museum oi asnop; m me window were Malay cresses taken in Bome deadly encounter with pirates in the narrow seas ; clubs richly carved and ornamented for some South Sea Island chief; beads w rked in every kind of fashion ; feathf rs, bits of costume, everything that a sailor picks up abroad, brings home in his chest, aud se Is for nothing to such an onyiivonris dealer as the owner of this shop. He, indeed, was as strange as his shop He had teen a purser's clerk, and in that capa i y had once as strange an experience as I ever h?ard. lie told it me one evening when, by the light of a single candle, I was looking at some things in his ba. k parlour. Some day, perhaps, 1 will tell that story. Not now. Some day, too, perhaps, I will write down what I can recollect of the stones he told me co nected with his colle tion. There is no reason now for suppressing them any longer ; he is dead, and all those whose mouthpiece he was are dead too. I think that in every man over forty there lfe-, mostly only known to himself, a strange and wondrous tile. Could he tell it as it really hap; ened it would be the story of how events perfectly commonplace in the eytsof other people acted upon him like 6trokes of fate, crushing the higher hope that was in him, and condemning him to penal servitude for life, to remain upon the lower levels. Bee -use it is mostly true that many run, but to only one is given the prize. Am I — are you— the only one whom fortune has mocked: Nns numerus sumus, the name of the unfortunate is legion ; no one has the exclusive right to complain. To fifty Fate ho ds out the golden apples of success, and one only gets them. We took our sculls and sails from the shop, and rigged our craft. She was bui!t something on the lines of a wherry, for seaworthiness, a strong, service able boat, not too heavy for a pair of sculis, and not too liaht to sail under good press of canv s. Every body knew us on the beach, the boatmen, the old sailors, and the sailors' wives who were out with the children because the weather was so fine. All had a wo ? d to say to the Captain, torching their forelocks by way of preface. One carried our oars, another launched the boat, another sent a boy for a couple of rough sea rugs, because the wind was high and the young lady might get wet, and in the midst of the general excitement we jumped in and pushed off. Celia sat in the stern, one of the rugs serving as a cushion, and held the rudder strings. The Captain sat opposite her ; I took the sculls to row her clear of the beach, until we could hoist our sail. .'? This is what I like,' said the Captain, dragging a little more of the waterproof over Celia's feet in his careful way. ' A bri»ht day, a breeze aft, but not dead aft— Laddyi we shall have some trouble getting back ; a tight little boat, and a pretty girl like little Cis in command. Aha ! Catch an old salt insen sible to lovely woman. \- Blow biqh, blow low, let tempests tear The mainmast by the board; My heart with thoughts of thee, my dear, And love well stored.' ' Celia laughed. Her spirits r se as each dip of the sculls lengthened our distance from the shnre, and made her certain of escaping, at least for one evening, from her per eautor. She wore son-e pretty sort of brown holland stuff made into a jacket, and braided with a zig-zag Vandyke pattern in red. I do not know how I remember the pattern of the braid, but it seems as if I remember every detail of that evening — her bright and animated face flushed with the plea* sure and excitement of the little voyage, rosy in the evening sunshine, the merry e=-es with which she turned to greet the Captain s little compliment, the halo of youth and grace which loyabo it her, the very contour of her figure as sh ? leaned aside, holding both the rud :er- strin£s on one side. I remeuber the little picture just as if it was yesterday. Outside the ruck of boats which care and went between the opposite shoves of the port we were in free and opea water, and could ship the sculls and hoist our sail for a run up harbour. The eailiip, I came aft, and sat down in the bottom of the sbip,'i'while the Captain held thetope and Celia the strings ; and for a space none of us talked. Our course carried us past the docks and the shore line buildings of the dockyard. The e were the white wharfs, the cranes of the derricks, aid all forts of capstans, chains, and other gear for lifting and hoist ing ; the steam- tugs were lying alongside ; all as deserted and as quiet as if the yard belonged to some old civilization. Bright as the evening was, the effect was rather ghostly as we glided, silent save for the rippling at the bows, along the silent bank. Pre sently we came to the building sheds, borne of them were open and empty ; some were closed ; within each of the closed she^s lay, we knew, the skeleton, the half-finished frame of a mighty man-of-war ; some of them but just begun, some ready to be launched ,* some, the deserted and neglected offspring of some bygone First Lord's experimental ignorance, lying as they had lain for thirty years, waiting far the order to be finished off and launched. » 'Think of the twilight solitude in those great empty shed?, Cis,' I whispered. 'Think of the ghosts of wrecked 6hips haunting the places where they were built when the moonlight streams in at the windows. . Tancy seeing the trans parent outline of some old three-decker, say the great Victory, as she went down with a thousand men aboard, lying upon the timber-shores- ? ' ' With the ghosts of the old shipbuilders,' said Celia, «' walking about with their hands behind them, criticising 4he new-fashioned models. ' 'More likely to be swearing at steam,' said the Captain. ' The. new-fashioned models ! Where are they now, the ships which were on the slips twenty years ago r The Duke of Marlborough, the Prince of Wales, the Eoyal Frederick, the Royal Sovereign ? Where is last year's snow ? They are ha bour shiDS, ships cut down and altered into ironclads, and of a date gone out of fashion.' There were many more ships in harbour then than now; we ba-i not yet learned to put all our trust in iron, and where we have one serviceable fighting vessel now we had t * enty then. No hulk in the good old days that could float and could steer but could fight ; there were no torpedoes, no rams, no iron ves sels, no venomous little monitors. To lay yourself alongside an enemy and give broadside for broadside till one tired of it w.'S the good old fashion of a naval battle. What is it now ? Again, twenty years ago, they did not break up and destroy every vessel that seemed past service. She was towed up harbour and lift there moored in her place, to furnish at least house accommodation for a warrant office, if she should be of no other use. There were hundreds of ships there lying idle, their work over ; some of them were coal hulks, some con vict hulks, some receiving hulks ; most were old pen sioners who did no work any more, floating at high tide, and at low lying in the soft cush;on of the har bour mud. Presently we ran among them all, passing in and out and through their lin s Then I took the rudder-strings, so that Celia might look while the Captain talked. He pushed his hat well back, sat upright, and besan to look up and down the familiar craft with the eye of an old friend anxious to see them looking their best. It was not much they could show in the way of decoration, but the figure-heads were there still, and the balconies and carvings of the stem were mostly uninjured. As for the hull, it had generally been painted either black, white, or yellow. There were no masts, but they had jurymasts to serve as derricks on occasions. ' That is the Queen Charlotte, my dear. She was flagship at Algiers when Lord Exmouth showed the Moors we would stand no more nonsense. We've fought a good many naval actions, l:ut I think that business was about the beet day's work we ever did. I was chasing Arab dhows and slavers off Zanzibar, and hadn t the chance of doing my share of the work. In 1816, that was ? ' Look— look — Ce'ia ! Look, children. There's the old Asia. God bless her! Flagship, Celia, at Navarino. My old Jthip— my one battle. Ah! Navarino. They say now it was a mistake, and that we only played the Russians' game. No chance of doing that again. But anyhow, it was a glorious victory.' The recollection of that day was always too much for the Captain, and lie mi:?ht have gone on the whole evening 'with personal reminiscences of the battle, but for the breeze which freshened up and carried us past the Asia. ' No confounded steam,' he growled; 'nowhee's and smoke spoiling the decks ; quite easy sailing, and no noise allowed aboard until the guns began to s eak. Port, Laddy. That is the Princess Charlotte, Celia. Forty people were drowned when she was launched ; and a good many more went below when she made herself heard at Acre. I was not there either, mores the pity. I was cruising about the narrow seas, pick ing up pirates off Borneo. 41 There is the Egmont. She foupht the French fleet in 1795, and the Spaniards in 1797. Good old craft ; stout old man- o' -war. ?'That is the Illustrious, moored in line with the Egmont. She was with her in '95, and I think she helped to take Java in 1811. We used, in those days, you see, Celia, if we wanted a place that be longed to the enemy, just to go and take it. Not that we were bo unmannerly as not to give them a civil choice. We used to say, ' Gentlemen, Senors, Cabal leros, Mynheer Double Dutchmen,' as the case might be, ' we've come here to haul down your bunting and run up our Union Jack over your snug quarters ; so, as perhaps you would not like to give in without a bit of a fight, ' you had better ram in your charge, ami we'll a-give you lead.' Then the action began, and after a respectable quantity of powder was burnt they struck their colours, we went ashore, the men had a spree, and the officers made themselves agreeable to the young ladies.' ' Did not the young ladies object to making friends with the enemy i ' ?'Not at all, my dear. Why should they? We did them no wrong, and we gen' rally represented the popular side ; they wanted to be taken by the British fleet, which meant safety as well as flination. And we enjoyed our bit of fighting first. Did you ever hear of Captain Willoughb? , in Maheburg Bay. island of Mauritius ? Well, that's an unlucky story, because it ended badly, and instead of Willoughby taking the island the island took him. Ran his ship ashore. She turned on side, so that her guns could not be brought to bear. They found the captain with one eye out and a leg shot off. The French capta'n had a leg shot off too, and so they put them both in the same bed, where they got better and drank each other's health. The worst of it was, that what we sailors got for England the politicians gave away again when they signed a peace. We let the Dutch ha-e Java. We let the French have Bourbon and Guaialoupe. I wonder we didn't give New Zealand to the Americans, and I dare say we should if they had thought of asking for it. ' That is the Colossus, my dear. Goo 1 old ship, too ; she was at Trafalgar. There is the Alfred, who he'ped to take Guadaloupe in 1810, and the JEolaa frig te. She fired a shot or two at Martinique the year before. Look at them, the row of beauties; forty-two pounders, the ha- dest and most murderous craft that ever went t - sea ; and look as the little three gun brigantines. I had one under my command once. And there is the Columbine.' The Captain began to sing — ' 3?hc Trinculo may do her best, Aud the Ale t go fleet, sir ; Alert she is, but then she's not Alert enough to beat, sir. * * * * ' The Aoavn and the Satellite, Their effnits, loo, may tr.r, sir; Bat if tiier beat Xhe Columbine, Why, cUsh it !— they must fly, sir.' ?' They will build no more such ships ; seamanship means poking the fire. Look at those things now.' He pointed with great contempt to the war steamers. Those of 1858 would be thought harmless things enough now. Two or three had screws, but most had the old paddles. The Duke of Wellington of 130 guns carried a screw ; so did the Blenheim, the Archer, and the Encounter, all of which were lying in the harbour. But the Odin, the Basilisk, and the Sidon were splendid paddle steamers. Among them lay the Megoera, a troop ship afterwards wrecked on St. Paul's Island ; the Queen's steam yacht, the Fairy, as pretty a craft as ever floated, in which her Majesty used to run to and fro between Osborne and the port ; the Victoria and Albert, the larger Royal yacht ; and the pretty little Bee, smallest steamer afloat before they invented the noisy little steam launches to kill the fish, to tear down the banks of the rivers, and to take the bread out of the mouths of the old wherry men in our harbour. We were drawing near the last of the big ships. 41 There, Celia, look at that craft,' cried the Captain. ' Do you see anything remarkable about her ? ' 44 No ; only she is yellow.' ' That is because she is a receiving hulk,' he in? formed her, with the calmness that comes of a whole reservoir of knowledge behind. *? It is in her cut that I mean. Don t you remark the cut of her stern, the lines of her bows r' She shook her head, and ^aughe'd. ' Oh ! the ignorance of womankind,' said the Captain. ?? My dear, she's French. .Now you se».' Again Celia shook her head. 44 Well,' he sighed, ' I suppose it's no use trying to make a young lady understand euch a simple thing. If it bad been a bit of lace, now, or eny other fal-lal and flap-doodle— never mind, my pretty, you are wise enough upon your own line. That is the Blonde, my dear, and she is one of the very last of the old prizes left. When she is broken up I don't know where I could go to look for another of the old French prizes. My father, who was a master in the navy, na igated her into this very port. She struck her nag off Biest. 'It is a page of history, children, ' he went on, ' this old harbour. They ought to keep all the sbJps iust as thev are, and never break up one tiii she drops to pieces. 'The brave oldBhips! It seems a ehame, too, to turn them into coal hulks and convict hulks. I wDuld paint them every year, and keep them for the boys and girlB to see. ' These are the craft of the old righting bulldogs,' I would tell ihem. ' You've got to fight your own battles in a different sort of way. But be bulldogs, hjvever you go into a tion, and you 11 pull through just as your farturs did. 'I saw a sight when I was a boy,' the Captain went on, ?' that you 11 never seen again unless the Lords of the Admiralty take my advice and give over breaking up ships. I saw the last of the oldest ship in the 6ervice. She was the Hoyal William, eighty guns. That ehip was built for Charles the Second, sailed for James the Second, and fought off and on for a hundred and forty years. Then they broke her up— in 1812 — because. I supposed, they were tired of looking at her. She ought ta be afloat now, for sounder timber you never saw.' r ' Shall we down sail and out sculls s ' I asked. The Captain answered by a gesture, and we kept on our course. The tide was running out rapidly. 'Five minutes more, Laddy,' he said. ' We've time to go as far as Jack the Painter's Point, and thenwe'H come down easy and comfortable with the last of the ebb.' We had left t'se lines of ships and hulks behiud us now, and were sailing over the broad surface of the upper harbour, where it is wise even at hi^h tide to keep to the creeks, the lines of which are indicated by posts. In these there lay, eo oM that they had long since been lorgotten, some half-a-dozen black hulls, each tenanted by a tingle ex- warrant officer, with his family. Even the' Captain, who knew most ships, could not tell the history of these mysterious vessels. What life, I use I to think a= a boy, could compare with that of being the only man on board one of these old ships? Fancy being' left in charge oi such a vessel, yourself all a'one, or perhaps with Leonard moored alongside also in charge of one. Robinson Crusoe in his moit solitary moments could not have felt happier. Then to wander and explore the great empty ship ; to open the cabin and look in the old lockers ; to roam about in the dim silences of the lower deck, the twilight of the orlop ; the mysterious Bhades of the cockpit, and to gaze down the impene trable Erebus of the hold. To this day I can never go on board a great ship without a feeling of mysterious treasures and Btrange secrets lurking in the depths balow me. And what a place for ghosts! Think, if you could constrain the ghosts on those old ships to speak, ?what tales they could tell of privateering, of pirating, of perils on the Spanish Main, of adventure, of pillage, and of glory. Th-?re may be a gr O3t or two in old inns, deserted houses, ruined castles, and country church yards. But they are nothing, thsy can be nothing, compared with the ghosts on an old ship lying forgotten up the harbour. Cis Bhudders, and thinks she can get on very well without ghosts, and that when she wants their society she would rather meet them ashore. 11 That ships may be haunted, ' said th? Captain, eravely, ' is true beyond a doubt. Every sailor will tell you that. Did you never hear how we were haunted aboard the Fearnought by the ghost of the purser's clerk?' I have always regretted, for Celia' s sake, that we did not hear that story. The Captain stopped because we were close to Jack the Painter s Point, and we had to attend to the boat. The Point was a low-lying narrow tongue of land, with one solitary tree upon it, running out into the harbour. It had an edging or beach of dingy sand, behind which the turf began, in knots of long coarse grass, between which, at high tide, the ground was soft and marshy ; whan the water Avas out it was difficult to tell where the mud ended and the land began. Now, when the tide was at its highest, the little point, lapped by the waves, and backed by its single tree, made a pretty picture. It was a lonely and deserted spot, far away from any house or inhabited place ; there was not even a road near it ; bahind was a barren field of poor grass where geese picked up a living with anxiety and continued effort ; and it was haunted by the gloomiest associations, because here the ghost of Jack the Painter walked. It was not a fact open to doubt, like some stories of haunted places ; Jack, had been seen by a crowd of witnesses, respectable mariners, whosa testimony was free from any tinge of doubt. It walked after night fall : It walked backwards and forwards, up and down the narrow tongue of land : It walked with Its hands clasped behind Its neck, and Its head bent forward as if in pain. Anybody mi^ht be in pain after hanging for years in chains. Imitate that action, and conjure up, if you can, the horrors of such an attitude when assumed by a ghost. The story of Painter Jack -was an episode in the last century. He belonged to the fraternity of rope makers, a special guild in this port, the members of which enjoyed the privilege, whenever the sovereign paid the place a visit, of marching in procession, clad in white jackets, nankeen trousers, and blue sa-;hes, in front of the royal carriage. The possession of his share in this privilege ought to have made Jack, as it doubtless made the rest of his brethren, virtuous and happy- It did not : Jack became moody, and nursed thoughts of greatness. Unfortunately, his ambitions led him in the same direction as those of the illustrious Eratostratus. He achieved greatness by setting fire to the rope-walk. They found out who had done it, after the fire was over, and a vast amount of damage had been perpetrated, an I they tried the unlucky Jack for the offence. He confessed, made an edifying end, an 1 was hanged in chains on that very point which now bears his name. It was in 1770, and twenty years after there were still peop'e who remembered the horrid gibbet and black body, tarred, shapeless, hang ing in chains, and swinging stridently to and fro in the breeze. Other gentlemen who were gibbeted in the course of the same century had friends to come secretly and take them down. Mr. Bryan, for instance, was one. He for a brief space kept company with Painter Jack, hanging beside him, clad handsomely in black velvet, new shoes, and laced shirt. He was secretly removed by his relations. Williams the Marine was another ; he was popular in the force, and his comrades took him down. So that poor Jack was left quite alone in that dreary place, and partly because it had no more pleasant places ^)f resort; the ghost continued to roam about the spot where the body had hung so long. ' Down sail, out sculls,' said the Captain. ' Hard a-port, Celia. We'll drop down easy and comfortable with the tide. How fast it runs out ! ' It was too late to think of tacking home with the wind dead against us, and the tide was running in our favour. I took the sculls and began mechanically to row, look ing at Celia. She was more silent now. Perhaps she was thinking of her pers'stent lover, for the lines of her mouth were set hard. I do not know what the Captain was thinking of ; perhaps of Leonard. How ever that may be, we were a boat's craw without a coxswain for a few minutes. ' Laddy ! ' c ied the Captain, starting up, where have we got to?'. I I held up and looked round. The tide was running ' out faster wan I had ever known it. We were in the middle of one of the great banks of mud, and there -was, I felt at once, but a single inch between the keel : and the mud. I grasped the sculls again, and pulled j es hard as I knew; but it was of no use. The next ' moment we touched; then a desperate struggle to pull her through the mud ; then we stuck fast, and, like the water Hewing out of a cup, the tide ran away from the mudbank, leaving ub hig i and dry, fait ! prisoners for six hours. We looked at each other in dismay. Then the Captain laughed. ' Not the first boat's crew that has had to pass the night on the mud,' he said cheerfully. ' Lucky we've got the wraps. Celia.. my dear, do you think you shall mind it very much? We will put you to sleep in the stern while Laddy and I keep watch and watch. I\To supper, though. Poor little maid! Poor Celia!' She only laughed. She liked the adventure. There was no help for it, not the slightest. Like it or not, we had to pass the night where we were unless we could wade, waist deep, fur a mile through black mud to Jack the Painter's Point. The tide which had left us on the bank had retreated from the whole upper part of the harbour. But the surface of the mud was still wet, and the splendour of the setting sun made it lcok like a vast expanse of molten gold. One might have been on the broad ocean, with nothing to break the boundless view but a single solitary islet with a tree on it, for so seemed the Point of Painter Ja k. The sky was cloudlets, save in the west, where the light mists of evening were gathered together*, like t'1^ »w,Ttior-- «t the coucher du rot, to take farewell of the t -a, ?-?Inr. ?.- ; their gorgeous dresses of pearl-gray, yei.o-... i-ric^'m. j and emerald. Athwart the face of 1 no seuiijg -uii. ?» ! purple cleft in light and cloud, stood ? ?-- {he. solitary } poplar on the Point. Bathed and si. i -Aiiiaeu by the ' western gl ry, it seemed to have lost w; r-.'.rsir.te - y. j distance, and to form, in the far-off ?'iend.M- 'i?m j and parcel of the sapphire-tinted wi » ;i ? As we looked, the sun sank wit' ... ? -? i:;r j evening gun from the Duke ofYor . ?: -?? 'cr ! the mouth of the harbour saluted ?' ..:.??? r j day. The courtier clouds did not '.: ;;.)-.? .I'. perse, but slowly began putting oir their bright apparel. In a quarter of an hour the outside clouds were gray ; in half an hour all were grey ; and presently we began to see the stars clear and bright in the cloudless sky. 'The day is gone,' murmured Celia; 'morn is breaking somewhere beyond the Atlantic. We ought not to let the thought of our own selfish cares spoil the evening, but when the sun sank, my heart sank too.' ' Faith and Hope, my pretty,' said the Captain. ' Come, it is nearly 9 o'clock. Let us have evening prayers and turn in.' This was our godly custom before supper. The Captain read a chapter — he was not particular what — regarding all chapters as so many articles or rules of the ship, containing well-defined duties, on the proper performance of which rested the' hope of future promotion. On this occasion we had no chapter, naturally. But we all stood up while the Captain took oS his hat and recited one or two prayers. Then Celia and I sang the Evening Hymn. Our voices sounded strange in the immensity of the heavens above us, — strange and small. And then we sat down, and the Captain began to wrap Celia round in the waterproofs. She refused to have more than one, and we finally persuaded him to take one for himself — they were good-sized service able things, fortunately — and to leave us the other. We all three sat down in the stern of the boat, the Captain on the boards with his elbow on the seat, and Celia and I, side by side, the rug wrapped round us, close together. Ashore the bells of the old church were playing their hymn tune, followed by the curfew. 'The bells sound sweetly across the water,' murmured Celia. ' Listen, Laddy , what do they say ? ' 'I kr.owwhat the big bell saye,' I reply. 'It haB written upon it what it says :— ' We good people all To prayers do call. We honour to king, . And brides joy do bring;. Good tidings vre tell, And ring the dead's knell.1 ' ' ' Good tidings we tell,' ' 6he whispers. ' What good tidings for us, Laddy ? ' 11 1 will tell you presently,' I say, ' when I have made them out.' The bells cease, and silence falls upon ub. It has grown darker, but there is no real darkness during this summer night, only a twilight which makes the shadows black. As we look down the harbour, where the ships lie, it is a scene of enchantment. For the man-o'- war's lights, not regular, but scattered here and there over the dark waters, light up the harbour, and produce an effect stranger than any theatrical scene. Said the Captain, thinking still of the ships : ' A ship's life is like a man's life. She is put in commission after years of work to fit her up— that's our education. She sails away on the business of the country, she has storms and calms, so have the land lubbers ashore ; she has good captairm and bad cap tains ; ehe has times of good behaviour and times of bad; sometimes she's wrecked; — well, there's many a good fellow thrown away so ; sometimes she goes down in action, nothing finer than that ; and some times she spends the rest of her life up in harbour. Well for her if she isn't made a convict hulk. Celia, my dear, you are comfortable, and not too cold r ' ' Not a bit cold, Captain, thank you, only rather hungry.' There was no help for that, and the Captain, announcing his intention to turn in, enjoined me to wake him at 12, so that we two could keep watch and watch about, covered his head with the rug, and in five minutes was fast asleep. Then Celia and I had the night all to ourselves. We were sitting close together, with the waterproof round our shoulders. Presently, getting a little cramped, Celia slipped down from the seat, and curled herself up close to the sleeping Captain, resting her head upon my knees, while I laid my arm round her neck. Was it treachery when I had striven to beat down and conquer a passion which waB not by any means fraternal for me to feel as if there had never been a perfect night Bines the world for me began till this one ? I wished it would last for ever. When before had I had my queen all to myself in the long, sweet silence of a summer night ? And none to hear what we said. There was no word of love, because that was all one side, but there was talk. We did not sleep that night. Tne air was soft and warm, though sometimes came a cold touch of wind which made us pull the wraps tighter, and nestle close to each other. But we talked in low whispers, partly because the night is a sacred time, and partly because we were careful not to wake f e Captain. ' Tell me now,' ehe whispered, ' tell me the good tidings of the bells.' I thought of Leonard's last secret which he told me when he left me on the platform of the station. ' Tell Cs ? ' he said. ' That would spoil all.' Yet I did tell Cis. I told her that night. 'The bells eaid, Cis, that there only wanted a fortnight to Leonard's return. He will come back brave and strong.' ' And he will make a'l right,' she cried, eagerly, clasping my hand in hers. ' Go on, Laddy dear.'- ' He will make all right. The German shall be sent about his business, and — and ? ' 'And we all Bhall go on ju6t as we usel to,a Laddy.' ' N— not quite, Cis. When Leonard went away, he told me a great secret. I was not to tell anybody. And I should not tell you now, only that I think it will do good to both of us that you should know it. Tell me. my sister, you have not forgotten Leonard? ' 4 ' Forgotten Leonard ? Laddy, ho .v could I ? ' 'You think of him still. You. remember how brave and true he was ; how he loved — us both ? ' ' I remember all, Laddy.' ' When he left me, Cis -he told me —Hush ! let me whisper — low— low— in your ear— that his greatest, hope was to come back in five years' time a gentle man — to find you free— and to ask you— to esk you, Cis — to marry him.' She did not answer, but as she lay in the boat, her hands holding mine, her face bent down, I feit a tear fall on my finder. I dj not think it wa3 a tear of sorrow. ' You are not offended, Cis dear,' I whispered. ' I have not done wrong, in telling you ? ' ' Let it be a secret between yoa and me, Laddy,' she said, presently. ' Do not let us ever speak of it again.' « f' v-'i M-* T' ^r.-r *vi* '-' wrvM v:*t .: ': ... ;'-.?!' .:_? .: -???:. -? ' '..^'i' hi::: ?':::-;??. h--:-1' hr.?* rouri ? ?-.?? v.oc:j., ami niJ -,*t j face upon my thouiuer. ' J.Eddy,'' she whisrezeri; . 'ther.* is no day, in all the.=e iive y*nrs, t,ha: 1 ? have r:ot oriiycil. night arri iiiornsnjr, fcr ?..?onari.' \ Then %ve ^-c-re til^i. j The hour.;, sped too svaUlr, marked by the bells of t :.*:,?:- b:'.:i)t iv- ?r,r:i'-lii-rj--- i.'j:i. Ai.m\\.t 2 in rhc iijorr.inr, j Ihf T:d-.' 5'egs:; i : ;.j-r?: and u-.*- O^y lit? ;:?:-..:?. v-j :'i-j ?;. s ].-?:.. r ''-.f rl--.',; V. ;_;':: bu 'I^P OI fiC'.* i'f.CJimJ V?£t til\d \ gi.'.tc-ti i'. lao iight. i'hen t'ue water sluwiy crc^t up and covered all ; it took time to reach us, because we were on a. bank. And all the time we watched, the gray in the east grew tinged wi h all colours ; and the wild fowl rose out of their sleeping-places by the shore, and flew screaming heavenwards in long lines or arrow-headed angles. And presently the sun arose, splendid. ' Laddy,' whispered Celia, for the Captain still slept, ?? this is more glprious than the evening.' At six bells, which is 3 in the morning, we floated. I noiselessly stepped over the sleeping form oi the Captain and took the sculls, dipping them in the water as softly as I could. He did not awake until half.an hour later, when our bows struck the beach, and at the noise the Captain started up. It was nearly i o'clock ; no boats were on the harbour ; the still ness contrasted strangely with the light of the summer morning. 'Laddy,' grumbled the Captain, 'you've kept double watch. You call that sailor-like ? — Celia, my dear, you ha ?e not caught cold ? ' When we reached home, the Cap ain insisted on our going to bed. ' We have passed a night I shall never forget, Laddy,' eaid Celia at her door. ' A sacred night, Cis.' She stooped down, my tall and gracious lady, and kissed my foreheai. ' What should I do without you, Laddy? To have some one in the world to whom you can tell every thing and not be ashamed, not be afraid. To-night has brought us very close together.' I think it had. After it we were more as we had been when children. My Celia, the maiden of sweet reserve, cane back to me a child again, and told me all. No need now to speak again of Leonard. It remained only to lcok forward and hope and long for the weary days to pass away. 