THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION. During the week the grand and imposing ceremonial of the " Feast of the Immacu late Conception " has passed off with the usual priestly echlt, Dr. Vaughan being on his throne, and Mons. Lynch the preacher. The Herald has given us a brief outline of the " eloquent sermon." We have not time, nor space, this week to examine the assertions made ; but we shall deal with them next week. Mean while, it is enough for us to explain to our readers what the whole thing was about. It is this — the Popish Church, since the decree of Pius IX., requires of all her people to believe, and her priests to preach, on condition of salvation, that the Virgin Mary from the " first moment of her conception, active and passive, was without taint of original sin." The priests now preach this as the revelation of God. They assert that the Church has always had this truth, always believed this truth, and always practiced this truth ; but that now, since the revelation of God, and the decree of the Pope, under the guidance, of the Holy Ghost, it must be believed on pain of eternal damnation ; and that without this faith there cannot be salva tion. We desire our readers, and the Roman Catholic ones especially, to mark this fact. The question is nob one of opinion. It is not one which is open to everybody to receive it or reject it as he may be disposed. It is one which is peremptorily ordered, and the most fearful anathemas and curses are pronounced against every one who dares. to doubt it or deny it. If a Roman Catholic does not sincerely believe and accept the dogma that Mary was conceived and bom without sin, he is damned, although he may hold all the other dogmas of the Church of Rome. And a Protestant, if he should be the best of men in the community, and should give all the honour to Mary which the Bible says, by calling her a most blessed and happy woman, as the mother of Christ, and should refuse to believe that she was " from the first moment of her conception," without the taint of original sin, he is damned for ever, and there is no escape for him. This, then, is what was being celebrated during this week at St. Mary's with so much ado of singing hymns to the Virgin, and making eloquent sermons about her virtues, with Dr. Vaughan sitting in splendid robes in his chair, and a grand army of priests around him, with an eloquent orator in the pulpit declaiming. Surely it is something grand to contem plate ! Surely, on the first blush of the thing, it is most charitable and beautiful ! Dr. Vaughan and his priests, with all the faithful sat still, under the sanction of a decree which exalts Mary to be Queen of Heaven and the Refugeof Sinners, but which dooms two hundred millions of Protest ants who reject the decree as blasphemous and idolatry to eternal damnation ! Dr. Vaughan and his followers sat still in peace and smiled and sang, and ate wafers with gladness, as they saw Mary made a sort of goddess far more powerful in mediation than Jesus Christ, and as they saw two hundred millions of Protestants who refuse to acknowledge Mary as any thing else but a saved and holy woman, hurled down to the depths of perdition ! It was enough to make angels weep to witness such a scene ! But we want Protestants in the colony to consider the "charity" of Dr. Vaughan and his Church, when, on such an occasion, while singing songs to Mary, they turned aside to pro nounce the curses of Pope Pius IX. on all who dare to regard the " Immaculate Conception " as anything else but a glaring falsehood. 