SELECT POETRY. THE DANDY FIFTH. BY FBANK B. GASSAW1.Y. 'TWAS the time of the workingmeu'a great strike. When all the land stood still, Aa the sudden roar from the hungry mouths That labor could not fill; When the thunder of the railroads ceased. And startled towns could spy A hundred blazing factories Paintine eaeh midnight sky. Through Philadelphia's surging streets Marched the brown ranks of toil, The grimy legions of the shops, The tillers of the soil; •White-faced militia-men looked on, While women shrank with dread ; 'Twas muscle against money then— 'Tiras riches against bread. Once, as the mighty mob tramped on, A carriage stopped the way, Upon the silken seat of which A young patrician lay, And as, with haoghty glanoe, he swept Along the jeering crowd, A white-haired blacksmith in the ranks Took off bis oap and bowed. That night the Labor League was met, And soon the chairman »aid, ' There hides a Judas in our midst, One man who bowB his head, Who bends the coward's servile knee - When capital rolls by.' ' Sown with him! Sill the traitor curJ' Bang out the savage ory. Uprose the blacksmith then, and held Erect his head of grey, 1 1 am no traitor, though I bowed To a rich man's son to-day, And though you kill me SB I stand—> As like you mean to do, I want to tell you a Btory short, And I ask you'll hear me through : 'I was one of those who enlisted first The Old Flag to defend. With Pbpe and Halleek, with 'Mac' and Grant I followed it to the end; And 'twas somewhere down on the Bapidan, When the Union cause looked drear. That a regiment of rich young bloods Came down to us from here, • Their uniforms were by tailors cut, They brought hampers of good wine, And every squad had a nigger too To keep their boots in shine; They'd nought to say to us dusty vets, k And through the whole brigade We called them the kid-gloved Dandy Fifth v When we passed them on parade. « Well.they were sent to hold a fort The Rebs tried bard to take, 'Twas the key to all our line, which nought While it held out could break. But a fearful fight we lost just then, The reserve came up too late, And on that fort, and tbeJPandy Fifth, Bung the whole division's fate. f e p Three times we tried to take them aid, And each time back we fell, Though once we could hear the fort's far guns Boom like a funeral knell. Till at length Joe Hooker's corps came up, And then straight through we broke ; How we cheered as we saw those dandy coats dtill back of the drifting smoke. ' With the bauds all front and our colours spread We swartned up the parapet, But the sight that silenced our welcomeshout I shall never iu life forget. Four days before had their water gone— They iiad dreaded that the most— The next their last scant ration went, And each man looked a ghost • As he stood gaunt-eyed behind his gun, Like a crippled stag at bay. And watched starvation—though not defeat— Draw nearer every day. Of ail ihe Jbi tli, not fourscore men Could in their places stand, .ind their white lips told a tearful tale As we grasped each bloodless hand. ' The rest in the stupor of famine lay, Save here—and there—a few la death sat rigid against the guns, Grim sentinels in blue; And their colonel, he could not Bpeak or stir, But we saw his proud eye thrill As h« simply glanced to tho shot-scarred staff, Where the old flag floated still! ' Nov, I hate the tyrants who grind us down, While the woll snarls at our door, And the men who've risen from us—to laugh At the misery of the poor ; But I tell you, mates, while tins weak old hand 1 have left the strength to lift, It will touch my cap to the proudest swell Who fought in the Dandy Filth !' —S. F. News Letter. 