OF SPIRITS. ' E'saiCrrTT E FOs arBIS SUePLa 'tii. .. I Or:. SisnrsIIS-How. that they are> of all :colours, ias well: as white, black and blue, and no colour at all ;-how that they are unsubstantial realities; how that they are good and bad, truthful and ,untruth lul,iand of every shape and size ; how' that they can be seen; though: they are invisible ; how that they can -be heard, though they have no organs of speech, and can sometimes,: though immaterial, make themselves be felt; how.that occa sionally they work for their living, and' how, when.lazily inclined, they don't and won't do a'stroke of w'ork; aid how thit they are not averse: to the pleasaht in fli?ence of the coin of thi period. The whole invented and displayed- by a gentlemainof an inquiring turn of mind, who, for. obvious reasons, that willcoin mend themselves "to his readers should they ever lean 'them, .prefers i cnceiling his name from a cold and selfish world, 'that would" be 'startled bout of;its pro priety where he to divulge it prematfirelf. St. George's-Hall, -Bourke street, Mel bourne, is at'the time :of writing the favoured abode'of. diablerie.. In the large. ieception:room of the'Athenseum, Collin's street, thin and airy ghosts are taking 'their' eveing walks abroad, to he' plea sure i'asiwell'asa to 'ilt 'discomfiture of many puzzle-headed, but worthy",anid respectable citizen's. .'Professor Slade, of Bow street notoriety, is daily, in a small apartment over a bookseller's .shop in .Russell street, invoking the :aid". of spectral machinery to enable him:to lay bare to those of his .visitors, -who have, stray guineas at their 'disposal; of which: they wish to dispossess:themselves in-his faior, the dread secrets of the tomb, and shed' the light of day' upontthe hidden' ~knowledge of the cemetery;and yawrn ing grave-yard. A'ir.'Shepherd, a gen tleman of harmonious or rather perhaps inharmonious proclivities, claims to pro duce certain jarring discordant concords, which he calls the music of the heavenly spheres, from a piano that is sadly out of tune, as wellas ear-splitting, croaking sounds from his throat an'd lungs, which he is pleased on the luciis.' an7on luc:endo principle, td call the singinig of the:angels by.the'un'seen aid of two or three familiar spiritg,. witli whom he appears to be 'oh terms of the closest intimacy, and-'who have conceived the. greatest .fiiendship for him. Judging of tieir efforts'in this directionfrom what:I have heard,. Iam of opinion, that when,.in .times 'gone:by these attendaits of his were clothed with mundane flesh and bone -and muscle, and the other' attribuites of 'humaiiitj, 'hey' must have bee'n 'iuapprQciated vocalists, and neglected" aspirants for musical' fame, and 'that'they are now taking a-,cowardly--advantage of their connection with the Shepherd to wreak a terrible vengeance ori the unoffending audiences heh gathers together by.ccun? pelling'them, nolens volens, to. listen to their unearthly screechings, and madden. iig siauglaes With i ht ktys 6l ith pillo. Then there is a MrW alker, not Hookey Walker, who styles himself. a trance medium (I here immortalizehis name by. mentioning it), and' whio, on recurreht Sunday evenings, at the Princess' Thea tre in Spring street, unburdens himself of the deep thoughts with .vhich a very verbose angel inoculates. 'his receptive soul duiing the intervening ferial days, in an overwhelming' avalanche of inco herent words and -rushing -sentences. And clever FProfessor :Fay,- the eridite asesciaie of the .Davenport Brothefs;iis once againn i Melbourne. And the air of1'the city is full of 'mysteries, and a charnel like gloom pervades the circum ambient' atmosphere. Alo have .the Fakir's son, Alfied Silvester, and the sphinx-like Hennicke, : the illusionist, entered into a compact with;the .Evil One," and have made arrangements whth sundry dwellers on the, footsteps of the unseen world, by which they canh at any time, obtain an unlimited supply,'of mes sagegswritteifon mediimiiitic slate's, which, for a' .'peuniary consideration, they twill cheerfully'.commumnicate to.anxious en quirers. Our olda friehd,"the .rakir' of Oolu, is sadlyznissedat-this juncture. SVcre he lut.here, -insteadi of; at Hong Kong, aal ilearn he fs/from a, paper1ihe sent me,,o ,yeeki ago, 'the ist ;of necro amancers. this side .of. the equator would be tolerably well-filled up. -Allthe:pro fessors of the; black artlhaveojust enume -rated are drivingaroaringtrade.Theyhave :struck bili and a-re garnering a goldei 'harvest -'Aid 'they .are --mystifying the inquisitive'and the reueaulous,: of inhtm the re aarea no smaii 'numberi in' the Qi/een itto tise Southern HeMinisp eiY. r'Arcy 'Ieade's' shadowy -performers atit he'AteneumrI are droll enough -fel, lows in .their way, and ofinfinite.jest. Like Puck of old, ,theydelight in mis chievous pranki.' One 'or two of them; those of the gentler:sex;s ae' so fairy-like so ethereal, so betwitchiilgly; gracefuaidd beliutiful, sing soasiweetly,; and "dance is illuriigly;, that'one is loatlito'think thlAj are but. impalpable ?possibilities. .,ItV,i! most disappointing, having gazed at them till .one longs tobe a ghost oneself, so-as to.be in a position to make love to them in true. spirit fashioni:to enfold them in an: affectionate cloud-like emribrace, aind to take them to our fleshless heart,'td'see them vanish' from our view, and melt inti noihingness, inever'to.i retiurn.till 'the im'r row, when we doubt' wlihheer we(. shall have the whelirewithal,: ihe iopen sesame; to this hall of inconceivable delight and wondrous phantasmagorial mysteries;, io Il regret to-haive to say.it, but an;ii fluence, probably a spirit oie,i compels me to assert that the Baildwins, at St. Georges -Hall ;are- frauds: The gentle man -and his winsome wife, a: lady tb whom .I 'ami already deeply attached :'(1 believe that in her- I have "founid my" affinity, I hope she has found'hers ii me), come beforek the porld onfalse pretences. She, poor thing, I khow from her plead-. ing eyes,:cannot help:it; but what:is she to do while under his diabolic 'control'?' She is ;so' child-like and innocent that I amipersuaded she blushes hdurly for the false role - he, edmlels 'her to' assume. SWhat a tyrant her'husbiind is !-- the one in the flesh I mean, the odious 'Baldwin. Her spirit husband, inyeelf, is all' gentle ness: and. goodness,: anid love and amia 'bility, and chis' heart bleeds for'the poor suffering woman: = She'is hanged nightly to give pleasure to a scoffihig audience, and is resuscitated by methods that are opposed to 'all known physiological prin' ciples, and are conifined within the:ibreast of her demoniac lord and master; who I am confident has relation's :of nd proper kind~ with the horned i arid ioofed 'one This deceitful man (there is an instiffer: able'? smell ' of brimiston. abouit ' him, which 'he ineffectually' eideavrours' it6 conceal by. a: lavih and" ektravagaslt -ise5 of aani de; Cologne) pfroessesi to extricate himself in the ttiinkling obf n eye, and does it toobfromiia pairof iatesit handcuffs;, of extra streingth adii'subtle and cufnin? coi?strluctiobn, fastenid se i?urely around li hisrists 'by M.: 'Bishop, late -Inspector of Police& "Heti dlso'pre tends that" he icas' be ii' tfvo ?r: more -pliaces t' ne?:! andt: tfe 'sanie 'istant' of time, and is as gdod ad 'his' word. He eniwrapis himself 'instahtalieoinsly in: 'i borrowed coat, the sleeves of which, as well as the' breast': laspels h'have' been sodwn' together, though his hands :and feetlhave: bee?-tiglitly ioiind tb'a hlieav chair by mainy inte'twining coils of roipe, `the knot's' in 'hichhafe':been secuied. by sealing wax thit rmiaiinin s iinbroken. He turninwater 'into wiine? iand Ihehrd him say he intends,to turn himself inside out befoirle ldeaes 1felbournrie. e evolyes mnelodious misic'fronhi unseen accordioris hy unseen haids. 'He orders tambour mes to rattlet aiid tliey obey hinit-lells to ring, and the, clanging does n'dt cease until he'frowns 'theniinto sileiice ' All these: thi~is;i and others :more astarling nrid wonderful, he professes to d' lby mere tiickelry' ad 'slight of handi." Now, this is 'liarlfyimpossible, and, 'notwithstand ing his barefaced iassertions.to the 'con t Iary':I iid?liniin that' everybody of the least disceitient-knows' that 'ie has at his' beck and call siubmissive and obedient spirits, who by his u;nhloly compact with them; are bound r to -render him every adsistance in' the performance of 'these pnncaniny manifestations. '.; Part of the agreement into which' they'have 'entered with'hizi'in eichange for his- - (I inky not write the word) is that he shall ex 'tract?:at :his; pleasure :gold' and silver coinage fromni;the pockets of an' amazed, bewilddrid, hnd' a ,niumerous: clieniile. Haandsfil.of these inctahli efligies of oui beloved Queen:I heardhism clinking glee fully 'with muchh subdued nierrimnent the othei ligit iin the privacy of' his apart menits at the Oriental; so, from this, I know the spirits thus far don notplay ' "'Now,?foi tli5t idlusive' "ieatfit?d"B.ld win, to pretenid to stultify an intelligent people' by tellingtheni lThat .he isuuas sisted by unseen agencies; is decidedly mean and unliandsome;" It is taking an uinfair advantage of his positiosi to dis claimnthe help he receives from thti spirit world: This ,niisleadiig - statement' of hids also'has'wider consequencse' thaniper haps hli' is aware of. It has a' strong tendency to.bring discredit on the new evaingel, spiritualism. To 'say the least, it is very ungrateful of~him; seeing how muchlie is indebted to' the new religion for his'renomm?ie'andt is'abie'ad.aid but ter..:. But, siclh is 'man' 'not soliis'wife, whO' siileissiuntold pangs of remornse at her husband'swiilful deinial' of the .rfittl I as'seri 'iit liddly Balddwin is, sailing undbr'-false colours. ,Why does he not stind -forth like 'a mnan, and boldly an= ouoince, what is: an i indispuitable fact, that he is in leaguie with Beeilzebubl? Then, though wb;might shrink from himj we would all respect him. But now, i ?ortiig,for the sakeof a'fleeting pophu larity,ito the 'ii'serable subterfuge that he is but an exptif 'conjuror, lid disowns the mighty trutli; airndtheliefore deserves 'thescorni atiideprobation of every soft iearted- spiritualst. 'The reison he as signs for taking .uup this~ mendacious line of condu?ct is a: lame:and an' impotent one,,to: which ino, credeine? whatever can be. attached. Moreover, it is a "non seqmiitur 'and as suchl "icannt. for ai iomusnua ?L e relieds on. He esays, m. his 'discursive .;:and -.inconcltisive, thousgh otherwiise amuising enimarks that he thus proves ".the ;iminortiihty of lthe soul.?' Whi5 f to my, mind he .provess that. he is an apostate, iiedium, and that, fo?:thi sake of filthy :ucds; hi is 'wllhiid to flag into the dust and inire'themost' beautiful and most souil:satisfing.'of' all nodern beliefs, that of Spiritanhsim. ',This faith, I may say sn' pisssan, is so transcendant in.its,purity and its. eletitinag tone: of thoughitt that:: it in? udes aiimong its adierents.most of'thewe'alkest intellects of the age;?to whodn it affords u nspeak able comfort., And;why,I ask; triumph;, antly, ?sh'ould, weaker, intelligences be. disturbed in their-beliefs P Are they.not as; well worthy,,of consideration assthosqo so-called stronger-ones, :who, indolent in' their: conservatism, are, content with the old-world; but .effete religions; and; mo, rality : ..::: : , - , r 1fownoble the contrast; by the way,:is the maiinly averment of Dr. Slade " e eiknowledges, with;a pride which itis in spiring to, contemplate,:that?he is in the closest '!coiminion withi ?i tie unseen diwllers bf the world beyoiid: the grave. Als? that he is a veiy. humble instrfyient i' tbeirhands in the :nianifestations o occult powers, which he is permitted b/ them.to give evideide of a;t his seances : so ~nich per heaid. 'Of cburse; thul be4i' ijg witness of himself, we are biLund$0 belieoie him, for no' dne nse possibly :kni'W' better tian h he dbes hwiv he deoiphers;h-ie is the recipient of 'the messages from the: dead thathe conveys to the living. '"'If the saiits dent help'! hii,i Who' do ? That's what I wanttoknow i If .tis does not prove'beyond cavil the 'timsirthality of the soul"' I-should like to know what does, that:' all? :: ' B Arliy BRead, again, is evidently:eon"; sci'ons"that the ghosts," the. initangible eidolons; that he summons nightly from the "vasty deep," are unsubstantial realities, for his manifest terror of them himself is but too.apparent, and is a source of much: amusement to the ma jority of his visitors at the Athenasum, especially his .juvenile ones. His hair: literally stands on:end at their weird and unearthly' aspect. His consternation, when rendered desperate by. their unn. welcome and harrassing presence, he tries to clutch them and they elude his'grasp; is wonderful to behold;: He and Slade, unlike that arch- impostor Baldwih, hare nailed their. colours fast to the erect standard of theiriconsciences, andno con sideration will induce them to haul them: down.' They do not try to explainavay, as Baldwin does, what:they know to -b6 inexplicable except uponi aw supernatural hypothesis. . . ... 'Coonsistency and fearlessfless :in the causelof truthdeser.e the encomiums of all right thinking men;utherefore I cannot speak with approbation of Mr..Baldwin's unworthy tactics. :ay, more; I feel in clined to heap upon him no measured terms of scorn .and contempt for hii sliameless duplicity in trying to pass him self off on a guileless set of people 'as a mere conjuror, when itis well known that' le is a medium of more than ordinary. iowers: E Let him icoani, however,'and, like an honest man; admit inflincinngly that he is aided by the spirits, and all his: faults shall be forgiven him: As an' 'u fluential member of the spiritualistic society, I cua assure him of a cordial'wel coime on his return to the fold from whid' he has strayed for a season. .If trust soon to hearthat'he has r-deemed his error, andi has'had plenary absolution 'fro; Messrs.-Tyermian and-Deacoh. . In conclusion, as' some: indication of who I am and why I claim a right to lie heard on the interesting topie of spirits, I will inform the reader who has proceeded thus far with me that I am the indignant proprietor of . SKATIE KING'S GsaosrT. 