Calcs of % Stints. i THE -LITTLE DIGGERS. By Donald Cameron. Author of " Scripopolis," &c.; . f Concluded from Supplement S3.) Over two years have elapsed since we left the little diggers in the charge of J ack the Blower. Vast changes have taken place in Sandy Creek. The alluvial claims have all V>aan nrm-tpd mit. and nrmulfttion has d finer ted to such an extent that the once populous field is almost deserted. There is little indeed to be seen except "the mounds , of the departed diggers, and the marks of their vanished camp. Those who remain seem to vegetate rather than live. Many of the old identities, however, remain. Mrs. Gumbles still keeps the Miners' Arms, but customers having de parted, she has taken to drink her own liquor, andis in a fair way to soon find her way to the lunatic asylum or the grave. Mr. Graball is still on the creek, hut is contemplating going to Sydney in order to start a money-lending establishment, for the good man is very wealthy. So is Mrs. M' Grudge, and she is thinking of moving to Sydney or Melbourne, . where she intends to open a boarding-house. She has now plenty of time to read the bible and other good books, ana to reflect upon the end of all sinners, except her own. Hard as ever — many a hungry and weary man she has turned away, refusing trust to all. Sad it was for the remnant of the Sandy Creek diggers that their two storekeepers had effectually killed trust. The sun was setting in the west, irradiat ing the world in a golden glory, when two horsemen drew rein at the front of the Miners' Arms, to the astonishment of two or three loungers, and Mrs. Gambles, who was at that moment comforting, herself with an extra soothener. The good lady was so flustered that she upset one half of it. The arrivals were a noble- looking old gentleman with hair white as the snow, aud a smart-looking, handsome young fellow. They asked Mrs. Gumbles if she could accommodate them for the night, and, of course, the reply was a glad assent, for she had not had an inmate for an age. While the gentlemen sat in the best room — now very faded and beer- Btained — two of the loungers got their horses to the stables, and Mrs. Gambles and her servant, a red- haired daughter of Erin, bustled about to get something ready for dinner. Mrs. M'Grudge was astonnded to receive a large order from her neighbour, and began to won der whether business would not, after kll, look up. The arrival of the strangers soon was the sole topic. For some time Sandy Creek had rumours that some specula tive persons were going to try the ranges for the quartz-veins which had fed the alluvial, and everyone set the travellers down as the advance guard of the army of speculators who were to find the reef and restore the prosperity of the place. In con sequence ot this there was much joy and congratulation. ' After dinner, and when the moon had risen and was. silvering nature, the landlady was summoned to the best room. " Mrs. Gumbles," said the elder of the two gentlemen, after that lady had at his request taken a seat, " we have asked you in because we want to make some-inquiries about some persons in whom we are interested. You knew Mr. Harry Rawson ?" " Indeed, I did sir," replied Mrs. Grumbles, getting out her handkerchief; " him as was killed by the falling in of the claim. I never could forget him ; such a fine man, and so free with his money— when he had any. If you're a friend of bis, don't pay anything on his account to that old rascal, Graball. He'll be sure to ask you. He's an old miser, that's what he is." A shadow rested upon the old gentleman's face as be heard the woman speak, and he appeared to repress a sigh; -/ -d - " We know," he said, after a while," that Mr. Rawson was killed, but what we are here for is to ascertain what became of his wife and children." " His wife, sir, poor creature, died some time before he was killed, whioh was a blessing for her, poor dear soul. She was a good woman, though Mother M'Grudge—" . " Well, well," said her interloontor sharply, " never mind that. What became of -the children?" He was strongly agitated now, and his breast heaved with emotion. " The children, sir," said Mrs. Gumbles, upon whom a light began to dawn, and hope of profit was prompting. ' ' 0, sir, they're all right. I've been very kind to them, but Mrs. M'Grudge and. Graball refused 'em trust over " and over again!. That Mother M'Grudge — " " Where are they ?" cried the old gentle man impatiently. I '' Here," sir, " replied Mrs. Giimbles. "My God |" cried her questioner, starting from his ;seat, "Harry's children here— in this house.' Send for them at once—' " 1 " My dear sir," said his companion, " calm yourself." ....... ... "I cannot— I cannot,'' exclaimed the other. " Quick, woman, quick, and send them to me — "They ain't in this house," said Mrs. Gumbles, in some confusion. ' " They're at Jack the Blower's place, and he's— " She was interrupted by the sudden ap pearance of. her- red-haired handmaiden, whose usually carmine face was white as the lily. - ;; " Bridget," cried Mrs: Gumbles, rising up, "what's the .matter ? Has the till been robbed ?!':; 1 - v.-; , id::-:-; : . '\ No, ma'am;!' replied Bridget, forgetting just then that it would have been necessary to put some money in the till before it could be robbed, " but Jack the Blower's here, an' he looks like a ghost, and cries out about the children — " <: ".Where is he?'' cried the old gentleman, who was in a state of feverish excitement. " He has the children." "Lordl" exclaimed Mrs. Gumbles, " how could Jack get up ; he's not left his bed for three months." " The children, the ohildren," was uttered in a sepulchral voice, and Jack tottered into the room, a fearful object. His faoe was that of a corpse, bis form a skeleton. A wild ex citement was evident in hie face and eyes. He fell into a chair, and rolled his eyes about like a maniac. " They haven't come home to-night ; there's something wrong," he cried. "Oh I Mrs. Gumbles, get the men to search for them. I don't know where they're work ing." " My good man," said the old gentleman, approaching Jack, " I b&v0; come for those ohildren. Don't alarm yourself — they will no donbt be all right." "You've come for them !" said -Jack, be- wilderedly. " And who are you who want my darlings ?" " I am the father of Harry Rawson." " Great God !" oried Jack, " and so you've come at last to help the little ones, to make 'em gentlefolks, as I told 'era yon would. Ob, sir, that almost cures me of my illness — it would cure me if death hadn't clawed me long ago. I feel I'm going, and perhaps he- fore von search for them I'd better tell you all I know, for fear I wouldn't live lone. T feel I've done wrong in getting up, but I would have gone mad if I'd stopped in bed longer when they didn't return." " I long to hear your story." said Mr. Bawson. " Go on with it." " It isn't a long one, ;?ir," said Jack, speaking very feebly. " When poor Harry was killed they wanted to send the chil dren to the Industrial Schoole, among the wickedest little creatures in the colony, an' no one here offered to adopt them. Well, sir, Harry'd been kind to me, and so bad his wife, the angel, and though before then I was only a "loafer and a drunkard, I made up my mind to take care of the chil dren, aud to become a new mail. It was hard work, sir, but with the help of God and the little ones — who would he wicked- in the company of that little saint, Jessie ? — I succeeded. I'd never worked for years before, but I took to it quite natural an' liked it. The children helped wonderful. Harry got a job driving a whim horse, and Jessie, though she was a tiny thing, was a regular old woman at housekeeping. Oh, the winningways and little arts of that girl. But, sir, my resolution came too late. I'd destroyed my constitution, and given a mortgage to death, an' though I struggled on for a long time, and fought against it, I'd at last to'lie down and wait for a release, an' it happened when everything had gone to the bad, when there was no work to get. We'd have starved, sir, and I'd died like a jrat in a hole, for these good people on Sandy Greek wouldn't trnst as with a loaf of bread, only for the plnok of them little ones. They went off to work an' washed the tailings, Jessie cradling an' Harry getting the stuff ; and when the tailings wouldn't pay they began digging here an' there, where little bits of good ground had been left, and so, sir, they kept us all, but it broke my heart to think of it. Lately they've been very un lucky, but Harry said to- day that he thought they'd try the banks of the creek, where some washdirt might be fonnd. It's that that -troubles me. The bank might have fallen upon them." "God forbid!" cried Mr. Rawson, with terror in his tone. " We will searoh for them at once. Keep np your heart, my good, kind fellow. You and the children will be well provided for hereafter. Perhaps you are curious to know how I came to trace Harry. Perhaps you don't know it, but Harry made a match, which I thought, short sighted mau l was, to be beneath him, and a bitter feeling arose between us. I was hard, he was independent, and he left England swearing never to see me again until he was independent. I have never had a happy day since. He was my darling,- my only sen" — here the old gentleman's voice faltered and bright drops stood in his eyes — " and God forgive me my for hardness of heart. At last my yearning for my sou could not be restrained and I advertised for him, without effect. I then communicated with lawyers in Sydney, and the firm with which this gentleman is connected " — he pointed to his companion — " found out the particulars and sent me home the heavy news that my boy was ;dead. The intelligence brought me nearly to the brink of the grave, and when I recovered I at once set out for Sydney to search for the wife and ohildren. I mean now to atone for my Bin by making them as happy as I desired the father to be. Mrs. Gumbles,-' (he oontinued, addressing that worthy woman, "at once get some men to go with us to search for the poor little things." " All right, sir," was the reply, and in a few minutes the search party, oomposed of every inhabitant, started! with Mr. Rawson at the head. The night was one of those lovely evenings so peenliar to Australia. The air was cool and balmy, the perfume of the early flowers was wafted on every gentle sigh of the wind, and the moon shone in a deep blue sky, irradiating the world with a rich, mellow, silvery light, which cast a glamour over scenery that would have looked dull and uninteresting by day. Everyone knew the spot where the Little Diggers were at work that day. The banks of the creek had been mined over and over again except in this place, which had always been thought too poor. The whole company came to a stand still, and a nameless horror settled upon them when they saw that, at a particular place, the bank had fallen in!" "They are bnried, sir," said one of the men to Mr. Rawson. He gave a wild cry, and' would have fallen but- for the lawyer's help. Then, rousing himself, he cried : " " No, no, God is too just' to allow it. No, no, it " is not, it cannot be too late. Dig, men, dig, they are yet alive. A. thousand pounds to the man who brings them out alive ! Hurry 1 Hurry I" The diggers had never thought of bringing spades with them, therefore there was some delay before work was begun. Mr. Rawson, in a state of terrible excitement, rushed about and encouraged the men to exert themselves with liberal promises of money. . It was a scene that rivalled that which had occurred some years ago. " I knew it, I knew it," cried Jack, who suddenly appeared in the midst of the crowd, looking' a spectre ; "they're dead, they're dead."' He cauglit a sight of the unprepossessing features of Mr. Graball and Mrs. M'Grudge, and his face lit up with a terrible fire. " Your'e here, are You," he hissed. " OE course it's right for 'you to see your work. 'You could have helped these poor creatures when I took' ill, you could have got work for Harry, but you wouldn't, you devils. You've got money, have you, heaps of gold, but it won't do you any good; it will sink your souls to hell, to the bottom of the bottomless pit !" "The Lord £orgive: the poor man," said Mrs.. M'Grudge, raising her eyes up to Heaven; " I always loved the bairns, but I was too poor to help them." . " It's a lie, you old hag," cried Jack. "He's mad, poor fellow," said .Mr. Graball, " mad as a hatter. I'm sure I did my best for them." , "Yes," cried Jack, "you .sold all their father's goods, you miserly wretch."- " Hush !" " They are here !" "Alive, alive!!' cried Mr. Rawson, rush ing forward. The crowd drew back respectfully, and Mr. Rawson and Jack went to the front. What a sight they beheld. Embraced in each other's arms Harry and Jessie Rawson lay in the moonlight still in death, a sweet smile on their lovely features, as if when the Great Conqueror came, their angel mother had appeared before them. Better thus, perhaps, than to live on in this cold, heartless world, to be tainted with sin, to experience miser v, to be soiled and torn in the great struggle for existence. They had ,gone to rest before the battle had begun, r " Dead ! Dead !" cried : Jack, looking at them as they lay there like two sleeping angels. " Gone1 before the old man. But not long— not long." No, indeed; not long. The excitement which had borne him up died out, and with it his spirit also left the worn-out- body. God be merciful to him ! The cemetery at Sandy Creek is now almost untraceable. Wattle and gum-trees have grown up rapidly and hidden the few graves which were there. But there is one part which is securely railed in with iron, and kept scrupulously clean and mat. Within this enclosure are fiYe graves. At the head of the central grave rises a splendid granite column, the head broken off-symbof of the untimely death ot those whose remains lie beneath. On the block of granite which I supports this column is the following inscrip- tiqn : . . .. Sacred to the Memory Of Harry Rawson, Who was killed by the falling in of a claim at Sandy Creek, on November 8th, 1S65. Jessie Rawson, his Wife, Who died on the 6th January, 1S63, And their Children, Harry and Jessie, Who were smothered by a fall of earth on the 6th of January, 186S. Also, John Fiei/dhouse, Who adopted the children after their parents' death, who died of grief at their loss on the same date. " The ways of God are inscrutable." There is no Sandy Creek settlement now. The trees flourish vjgorouly where once a multitude lived and toiled ; the kangaroo and wallaby have made their home there. Mrs. Gambles drank herself to death a few mouths after the occurrence of the above events. Mr. Graball is a prominent Sydney merchant, and is in great repute ; while Mrs. M'Grudge lives in retirement iu a fashionable Mel bourne suburb, the principal Presbyterian church of which she is a pillar. Mr. Raw- son has long since departed to that world where he will meet his son and daughter and the Little Diggers. 