| . ITEMS OP NEWS. i The R.M.S Tan;ore, with the inward ; mails from Europe and the East arrived at Albany (King George s Sound;; at 5 .o'clock, yesterday, morning:--- She will be due- in-Melbourne about.; next Wednesday or Thursday. , " y ! There should be some keen competition for thp Park Hill estate of Mr John Menzie's that will he offered for sale - to day. As a- place of resi dence for! capitalist, it is one of great beauty from the; site of the house, being built ;on an eminence,' overlooking the Loddon, and it. is also one capable of making a good return for outlay, as there is some of the land of more than general fertility.1 . j The Rev. W. Hiddleatone purposes giving a treat to ; the residents of . N ewstead on the first : three nights of next - week. .He "will give his services of sacred'song along with addresses, j | A child of about a year 'old was taken to the hospital yesterday, it having been severely burned- in ' the mouth, throat, arms. and . chest througfi a' plate of sonp, which it pulled over on itself. The injuries to the young sufferer .were dressed, and it was then taken home. On Wednesday afierriooh. a few cricketers inet; at Mr James', when they, presented Mr J. Paull, , late -hon. secretary, of . the . Oastlemaine Cricket. Olub, with a very handsome bat for the energetic manner mywhichhe filled his office ' for the last jtwo years; 'He Haying left the;tpwn 'tb reside;in 'Maldon, it was thought /advisable to present him jwithsome token as the respect in; which he was jheld by all his cricketing friends, so the above, 'was chosen as the most' suitable.' It bore a very !neat inscription appropriato to tHo oocaoion; - -". The sounds of merriment were kept lip till an. early hour yesterday morning in Hargreave- ! street; --They - came from the- Forester's . Arms, where Mr Lane had assembled a large party to celebrate the 21st birthday of his son. : - It is reported that a riah patah of nuggetty . gold was struck iu the New Era olaim yester day, and that the speoimens whioh -have... been. taksD oat are, thickly Btndded with the, precious metal. A snake measuring over four feet was yester day killed near the Eureka reef. Travellers in tbe bush cannot be too much on ..thsir.'guard against these reptiles. "'' "! We have feaeived; the Tampsrance tNeivs. for October. The publication will be found, inter- esriog to friends of the temperance cause; . .; A novel sight was witnessed at Muckleford yesterday. Two kangaroos, apparently an old man and his partner, were observed feeding close to the town, but they were not to be cap- tured, as they speedily made tracks on being alarmed. An endeavour is being made to form a. cricket club in the .tbwn to play bri. the Oamp reserve. Already about thirty 'have'signified theirriiliog-. doss to join.(inolnding . many of the'recognised players of the distriot), in preferenoe to becom ing-members. of the Caatlemaine.olub and jour neying to Wattle- Elat.to'preetioe. To-morrow afternoon a meet will take place on the Oamp, when sides , will.be 'choVen from intending mem bers present, and a scratch matoh played, wiaketa ; will be pitohed at a "quarter to 3 sharp." " At the 0hewtbri' -P6Iica"0dart;.on-- We'dhestlay) before the Mayor, .Borough Council, summoned Thos Lawrence1 for' -18 1 -for; rates f ver'diot' for : amount, "costs 2s 6i. Same vjas. Gee, 17s 6d ; verdict.- for amonnt, .costs -2s 6d.,, Same, v. P. Furlong, 13s ; , verdict for. .amount, coata 2s 6d. Same v J. Slaven, 7s; verdict for amount, costs 23 6d. a drunkard was fidod 2s Gd. ftud ordered- to. pay for oab. hire- 2i 61, in -default. 24 hours', imprisonment; .Mary- Ann James, .charged with stealing a bottle of whisky, the property of E; Bennett, the value of 4i, was Ae!h'ahd'e'd: for a' week. VYA,:. A local. laud board was held yest¥rdayfat the Court-house, before Mr Mories, laud-offiaer, the Mayor and Mr Morris. . An application was made by. Thomas Middleton for 60, acres at San- don, forfeited by ; Mr Dphohob, and; the Board intimated ' they - would, reoommend it" being granted. David Johnson applied for 1L4 3r lip at Smdon. ' It .willi be recommended.: " Peter Peterson applied for the sale of .7a If 8p at Strangways, his 49th section holding. There was no objection made to the sale, and it will be reoommcuded to be offered at LI per acre, with valuation for improvements. James Riokards, a holder of 69a Or 8p, at Walmer,: was called on to show cause why his allotment should not be forfeited, bat. he did not put in appearance. He will- have one more - opportiiity. James Apgus w.as also called for a similar reasoD, as respects 13i 0f 24p at Elphins!ono. He did not put iii an appearance, nor did he do so on three- former oooaaions, when oalled upon, so the; Board will recommend that his land be forfeited. . Writing of the esosped conviota from Mary borough; ; yesterday's Independent says : — It is' said the men have taken the direotion of Swan Hill. The police from ,Marong are on their track ; also those from Inglewood ; bat we understand none have been sent from Sand hurst. The four men appear to keep together,- and as one of them is knowu to be a deBperal'e rascal, a constable comieg on the quartetl'e would probably be overpowered." j A deputation from the Shire of (Ilenlyoh waited on the Commissioner of Publio-Worka on Wednesday., and asked that a a sum of L750 might ho . apportioned to . that . body .for the- maintenanoe-of .the ' road,. between . Dayleaford and'Malmabnry, put qf tbo.ifotppf LlOjOOO for roads that had beeii auddbnly deprived by "tolls. Mr Patterson Baid the matter would' re'daive oon- aideration when (he distribution of the vote took plros, | ! "f.. j.ftl ffn the OEduoation Departmifili (thp SHratdj learns) the'staff hps been paidbut thfi fahobl teaohors have been informed that their salaries oannot be paid until another Supply Bill has been passed, " ' :.: , The.namsftibf the Efe'6'6R'odn'l$tiS7 jttlji p//( arrived' a Brisbane,'1 'ore "OhiBaiilt "Sna TjSffteK They underwent great privations. An" unsuo- oessfnl aearoh has. boen made? for one of the party who landed on7 an island-, inside Barrier Reef. . ; ,The Ballarat Conner iearns by telfgrs lihai two .men. were, buried; in a small drive in the Soarsclnle' claim on Wednesday by a fall of greasy .clay. , The men were named Cornelius Malioney and John M'Oosker. Maboney was got out. ,. His. injuries are not known, but he whs ' able to Walk; M'Opsker was alive,. and his head olear,:.but t'wo sets 'of i timberlbad'to; be! ro- movod to extrioate.him. _. A ohiid named Thomas G. Riiey, about two years of ; age; v wag drowned , od Wednesdayjin a waterhole near the dwelling of its parents at .Haddon—lThe.ohiId_wao_£ound_by_ita_father, who went to .;fetoh' some water, and found the. body floating bn-the-Surfaee ; and t hough' it was not quite cold the remedies applied by neigh- -bours failed to restore animation.; The fence -originally round the water-hole has deoayed, and a fresh supply of -ssp.Iingsia're;on. the ground; tp repair it. ' ' '' '" The value of the imports at the po'rt of Mel bourne during the. week ,endiug the . 28th ult.. amounted to.L299,002: "Of1 a'ppar'el and slops the amount was L13.324 ; ootton piece goods, LIS, 623;; gold.i L32.149 ; haberdashery, 'L7792 ; opium, X9155 ; tea ; L19,212 ; . and ; tobacco, Lll,749. - The exports" from ' the port during the same period amounted , to; L94.290.- They inolu'ded — Apparel and slo'psif -L7296 ; sugar, L8251; tea, 1:10,355 ; and tobaocu, L5504. . ' Tha following are the winners of the princi pal prizes in the drawing of-,the Riverina- Art- Union' First prize ! (Royal 1 Hotel; : Moathaj valuo L3000), F. W. Drevorman, Bairnsdale, Gippslaod ; seoond prize (seventy-' aores of land, Moama, valued at L700), E. Park, Sale, Gipps- land ;"thir"d prize (484 aores of land'"' a't'lMoama, valued ''at L500), J. Nelton, Orange, New Southf>yaies.;, fourth prize /.(briok , cottage at Moama,; valued , at.' LfiOO)', ; A'.' ;'J / VThaokeray, Geroldea ..Btati6n, ,; Cootamundrai" ' New"Sou'th Wales. / Private advices via San Franoisoo, dated .London, 'i5.th.Angu8t;Tfepbrb the' first meeting of the oreditbrs.oLMessrs.lJHazard .and Oalde- oott, the well-known colonial wool brokers.". The balance-sheet submitted showod — Liabilities, unsecured, L101,000 ; due to secured oroditors, after valuing.Beeuritie8,:L80,000; sundry claims, L40, OdO ;' assets, L75, 000, hhiefly in debts fit the Cape orG'obd;Hope, orie -'of LI20,0d0 another of L93;000, whioh were'expedtefffo refilise about 5a in the pound. ..Meaars Hazard and Oaldecott have b'eehr-insoivent for years,- and obmihenced on a capital of only L2d0d. : ." Somp sensation was oroatod last .night in the neighbourhoodjof, the show yard; in oonseqaenoe of a ru''Xour being ciroalatod that oight lives had been eaorifiood. in the; enoloBure; but on inquiry, says the Star,' it turned out that' the slaughter had . been > confined l.to..some ,.of_ thie.'.featherod tribe, . whioh had fallen viotims to the blood- thirsty' propensity iff one of theferfela that Bad' managed to escape from ita'oage; Thede- stroyed('werer three1, pairs of pigeoos, and one pair-of guinea fowls. .... When last seen, the ferret was curled up in . the c\:age of the latter, but for tunately wsb there,.secured.anY prevented from -doing- further. mischief,.- Pa. Saturday,, the 28th,. nit;', . a report was brougbt into Bairnsdale,: that; a .young female Aamed Dean, residing io'Delvine,' sixteen miles distant ; had been sha.mpfully. outraged; in oon- Sequence of whioh the -police have'been'! investi gating the matter. -.The Ago Bairnsdale oorres- .pondent; wHtps "tTrfft: turnB Pitt that, tfib report is too triie;' but as ybt tbe : dastardly ! scoundrel who perpotrated the offence , has not'' been ar rested. Suspicion pointa to a tinker; - who, on Friday, had. been, at Jhe house of the.girl's par ents, aud left on that evening. The victim was terribly ; bandied; her -clothing being almost entirely torn from her, and her. throat,.bearing :'unmistakableWide'nee of the . fuflian's - fingers ; ,for. in endeavoring. to silenoe the. girl's aoreams he choked her. Several arrests have been made, but the guilty party:ia. yet at large. The Ballarat Star states : — A Chinese at the camp here reeantly become insane under a moat peculiar, hallucination. ThtB man, Ah Hing by ?amo.bad for twenty years carried on business at life oamp as a pawnbroker, in conjunction with a''lepfouaV:b5u'siu,v'Ah\Hoe; .who recently succumbed fp'jthe.ta.rrible disease that had aeizBd hitn..:.Ah .Hing during; hia-.cousin'a life time cared. for, him, most'.tenderly, and; the death of Ah Hoe,' without doubt; unseated bis reason. Since'the event he believed that everything in hia hut beoame- the resting-place. -,of an evil spirit, and that the ghost of the leper Ah Hoe visited him constantly, and urged him to distri- bute" aIIEis goods "tohis-neighbours--lest-he; shbuld. be- chased -into .the; plaaa- of- perdition. j He' obeyed thefanciod. command so ;wel that he! has rid himself of a' decent'au'mfin 'oash anda .large qnantily of hiiabetiaheoas merohandiee. That our'industrial resources.- have ., attraotod special attention in France may be inferred! from the. following correspondence, and as con-! cerning the'sencaltur'aliehterpriae it is 'the morej gratifying beoause the southern diatriots of ,thatj oountry havo been:ceiebrated for thpir' jroiv-silk! producti6n8'eince the reign of Henri Quatre in- the. lOthcpntuary. By the R.M.S.S. Siam (aaya ihe Argus) Mra A: Timbrell received, on August 12, 1878, a commeroial letter of.Lwhich the following is a copy :— ;Bell Bask. Miljs, via Leeds, - Jane; -3, 1878. " ' Mrs - Ann/ Timbrel),! Silkworm Opooon , Grower, , Plenty-road, Ool-! ling wood, Victoria, Australia. Madam.— Hav-i ing recently seen ypur'dMplay of silk oocoons- at the PariB'-Exhibitibn I beg to say ; that. I ami open to purohase from you 'all your prbduotionj of cocoons whibh.'ypu keep -throngli- '.prhibh ':the: moth' has eaten 'its" way oat !at 'tfib ' end,"- thus spoiling it for winding into hanks 'in 'the 'nsiial way. v Any business done betwirt 'ns -may be! oonduoted through.my agents ..in your, . colony ,i Messrs Bright Brotaers; and Oo. Melbourne.! Awaiting your reply, ! remain yours faithfully,! (Signed) ." 0. -A." Riokards. ;.; Please - for jvard me by , post samples, of , any. pf; ,the . cpoopns that you. oannot wind' with .your! price.''', ',,;:Mps'; Tim-' brell forwarded a -reply, .accompanied' with "her Victorian silk samples, per R.M.S.S. .Siam od Sa'ptember.3d'1878, under'obvhr ''tpl'Mr';Riok| ardaj 'maohine and ,aewing-iilk 'manufacturer; addressed to No. 12 Bread:s(r'eet, Lo'odon EiC: Bv the R.M.S.S Assam. 'Mrs A. Timbrell also received on September 12, 1878, a trade letted from Heinrich B.archtold, under' date Enrich) July, ;1878;Jn twhioh; the writer Affers'tpj, supply) on reasonable terms, his patented silk-winding machine to Australian serioulturistSj and ades; oription bf the aame is sent with hlsj.'oorrespon- dent..;.,;,; ... .... ... ,)7hai cau' pass before thb aun withoutmaking a 'shadow ?— The wind. . '" ' , :. .-'Doctor, .what is the best, way to pf event drunk enness ' There is no other wajr so sure op never, to tonoh a drop of liquor.' " ' ' ' Advice to Mothebs i— -Ai-e you broken' in your rest by a sick child suffering with tho pain of out- ting teeth? Go at onoe to the ohemist and got a bottle of Mns. Winslow's Soothino Sybup. It Will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless aud pleasant to taste, it pro duces natural, quiet sleep, by relieviag tho child from pain, and the little ohorub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothoa tho ohild, ic softous the gums, allays all pain, rolievos wind, rogulutos tho Bowels, and is the bc3t known romody for dy'seii- tery and diarrhoea; whether arising from teethiug' or other causes. Mrs VVinslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medioine dealers evorywhere'st la lid per bottle. Manufactured at 403 Oxford-street London, 