BENALLA UNITED v RENaLLA. A match between the two local clubs came off on tlie local ground on Saturday last. The weather was rather hob and the teams were not very eager to commence work, consequently it was nearly half-past three before the game commenced. The seniors went in first to the bowling of Denny and Muirliead, the latter being changed for Duncan and Crow. The seuiors were not got rid of until 101 runs were put together. Kain 14, Chandler 13, Harris 12, Reynolds 12, Tait 11 — being the highest scorers. After a short adjournment the juniors went in to the howling of Harris and Loucli, and were soon disposed for 56 runs. Daveyen was the only one who reached double figures, having made 18 before lie was very cleverly caught by Reynolds off Loucli. The juniors were sent to the wickets again, but "time wos called before the innings could be finished. The following are the scores Benalla, Tait, 1 b w, 1) Muirliead 11 Kain, b Denny 14 Mann, c Duncan, b Muirhead 3 Loucli, b Denny 4 Chandler, run out 13 Broek, b Denny 11 Harris, b Crow 2 Reynolds, b Crow 2 Frewen, 1 b w, b Crow 5 Murchison, not out 0 Rogers, b Denny 9 Sundries. 7 Total 101 Benalla United. Crow, hit wkt, b Harris 4 Moore, c Brock, b Harris 6 Daveyen, c Reynolds, b Loucli 18 Duncan, b Harris 9 Denny, c Chandler, b Louch ..... 3 Gascoigne, c Murchison, b Louch.... ....... 0 Massie, run out 7 Muirhead, c Chandler, b Loucli ..... 0 Beiske, c Murchison, b Harris 5 Mackerel, not ont 2 Chandler, h Harris...... 3 Sundries — 14 Total -— 56 \- Contracts Accepted. — The following tender lias been accepted by the Eoard of Land and Works:— Police quarters, Wanga- ratta, Robert Wood, £503 103. Electoral. — The electoral registrars of the Stanley and Myrtle Creek Divisions, re spectively, of the Ovens, notify in onr ad- Yertising columns that the general list of persons entitled to vote for members ot tne Legis'atlve Assembly has be'en printed, and is op :n for inspection. Local Land Boards. — Local boards are appointed to he held as follows in December : —Beechworth, 18th December ; Bright, SOth December. The Bev. Charles Olabk.— The Collins- Sireet Baptist Church, Melbourne, was crowded to exce33 on Sunday evening by a most fashionable congregation, the-ReyrOhas.. Clark, the popular lecturer, -occupying the pulpit. Long before the doors were thrown open the steps and approaches to the church were completely blocked up by thoso anxious to gain admision. The rev. gentleman took for his text St. John xix. 30—" When Jesus, therefore, had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished:' and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost." In an eloquent and un broken flow of language, he discoursed some forty-five minutes, at times beautifully illus trating the subject of his tqrK We need hardly say a general feeling of regret is ex pressed at his intended departure from Aus tralia; bnt we feel Bure that a bright and glorions future awaits himm the old country. New Arrivals. — On Sunday last about 11 a.m. a special train arrived from Melbourne with a detachment of the Local Defence Force, nnmberiug in ail about thirty men, which the Chief Commissioner intends for the security of the eutlying branch banks. The train, after discharging abont eight con stables for Benalla, proceeded to Wangaratta. The police have been mustering here in large numbers. Fresh additions arrived by each train on Friday and Saturday last. The men have been mounted and sent out. Volunteer Protection at Wangaratta. — A number of volunteers arrived on Sunday by special train from Melbourne to take charge)of the banks, and do police duty, so as to give liberty for more constables to go into the ranges after the outlaws. Death of the Princess Alice. — With unfeigned sorrow the public will learn of the death of the Princess Alice of England, the second daughter of her Majesty. Born in 1843, the Princess was scarcely nineteen years of age when Prince Louis of Hesse- Darmstadt became her husband. The mar riage took place very quietly at Osborne, in the Isle of Wight, where the Queen was spending the early months of her first great bereavement, and shortly after Princess Alice left England for the Continent, from whence she has only returned at intervals of some length. To the British nation the name of the Princess was associated with everything tender and true. The unwearied way in which she nursed her father, the late Prince Consort, daring his fatal illness at Windsor, when many far older than herself were prostrate with grief, first brought her unobtrusive gentleness into prominence. She was the favorite daughter of the Royal Family, and hers was the hand that closed her father's eyes; then, and not till then, she yielded her place at the bedside. How thePrinceBs Alice came over to Sandring- ham from the Continent and nursed her bro ther the Prince of Wales in his dangerous ill ness in 1871 will be fresh in the minds of our readers. With unflagging energy she super intended everything, carrying out the direc tions ef the royal physicians herself, and permitting none other hand but her own to administer the medicines to what all thought to be the dying heir to the throne. Nor was it in the land of her birth alone that her name was reverenced. During the Franco- Prussian war, in which her husband took an active pari, she went to the hospitals for the wounded at Darmstadt, organised chiefly by herself, and, assisted by her ladies, she nursed Uhlan anl Zouave alike until the longed-for peace came at last. All will join in deep sympathy with the Queen, who has now re ceived & second heavy blow by the hand of death. It is a remarkable coincidence that the death of H.R.H. the Prince Consort took place on the same day of the year (14th De cember) in 1861; and also that on the same day in 1871 the life of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales was despaired of, but happily was .saved, mainly, probably through the unwea ried attention paid him by the Princess Alice. The peerage gives the following particulars : Second daughter of Queen Victoria. She married, July, 1S62, Prince Louis of Hesse- Darmstadt, and cousin to the present Em peror of Germany. The result of the marriage has been seven children, five of whom are daughters, the other two being sons, only one of whom has survived ; the other Prince Victor, having been accidentally killed by falling out of a window in the Palace at Darmstadt in 1870. The cause of Princess Alice's death is diphtheria, a disease which has a name on the Continent for being more fatal than elsewhere. 