THE KEV. FATHER HENNEBERY (Olago Daily Times.) THE Rev. Father Hennebery, as previously announced by him, discoursed last night, Tuesday, upon the subject of education. The text was taken from the Epietle of St. Paul to the Ephesians, sixth ard fourth: " Fathers and parents, bring up your children in the discipline and r.orieotioa ol the Lord." The first part of the discourse dealt with the Holy Trinity, which the preacher admonished pareuts to instruct their children upon— that there was God the Father, God the Son, and God (he BoJy Ghost, and yet not three Gods, hut one God. The spiritual interpsts were far higher than the material interests. While it was wisely ordaiued by God that, there should be directors in material matters for the guidance and direction of the human family and the promotion of earthly interests, God had not failed to see that there should be spiritual rulers who were to give proper direction in the established Church, BDd he bad placed over this Church his representative on earth, the Sovereign Pontiff, and under him bishops, to whom portions of the flock of Christ were given for their spiritual direction, and under the bishops congregations were formed, over which priests presided, iu order to curry out the lobjects of God. Parents, in order to train their children properly, mast telljliem what they must do and believe in order to be saved; in the seoond place, they must oorrect them; in the third plaoe, they must watch over them, and give them a good example in all (hat was holy and good, as to what education they must receive and believe, and what they must do to be saved. It was of the highest importance that they should get the right kind of instruction. He urged parents to give their children simple instruction as to what concerned their faith and morality, especially when children were yet very young and their reason began to bud forth into full use. Gather them around yon, and remind, or rather instruct them, what they must know in order to go to God. They must teach them of the Holy Trinity, and inspire them with a horror of evil, and teaoh them to pray. The rev. gentleman gave several illustrations of the holy manner in which certain parents brought tip their ohildren in the fear of God, and said if all parents resembled those mentioned, there would be a world of saints. One thing above everything else is necessary, said the preaoher, and that is salvation. Other things are useful, or comparatively necessary. It is comparatively necessary to have many things, but one thing is absolutely necessary, and that is, to gain salvation. And this is not taught under the Becular syetem of eduoation introduced in modern times to the world. It is not tho proper system for the education of youth, as exemplified by what is done in America. I have seen that system operating from its youth to maturity in America, during a period of thirty years. I have been a close observer of its progress, of itB tendencies, and of the results it has produced, aud I have to say, from the m experience of thirty years, that that system d is an entire failure in America, iu so far a? w i the proper eduoation of children is cou- -oerned. The proof of it lies in the fact that, whereas America was ouoe considered a Christian country, the eecitlar system of education, that was introduced and has been in vogue for thirty years, has brought people to abandon the way of God cn masse. It has been discovered by those who are not Catholios, and Gatliolics have discovered the same thiug to be true, that of the forty millions of inhabitants now in tho United States—that must be about the number at present; it was thirty- eight millions last census, ''Ut.Bince then the population of the United StateB must have growu to forty millions or more—that of the forty millions of inhabitants in the United Slates twenty millions are infidels, have no baptism, no faith, no hope. They are running in every direction alter the things of the world, and have no idea of heaven or God—have not been taught of God. This is the first result that has followed from a system of education without God or without religion, such as we have had in America for over a quarter of a century. The preacher then went on to ask what was the use of people prajing when they did not believe in God. This kind of thing was brought about by a false eyntem of education. He continued : The next thiug . that oamo in was the destruction of the family—in faot, the destruction of the family is going on to a ruinous extent in America. Every twelve months as many as 57,000 families are scattered to the four winds in America by means of divoroe—the direct result of education that doos not admit of moral responsibilities. Another result^that followed from the system of ednaation introduced in America that acknowledged no God was the fearful destruction of human life without scruple, without fear of God, without fear of man. My friends, I dare not. enter , into the details of ihiB matter, but it is horrible to contemplate. I have not words for exprosnng my indignation agaiust these wicked ones—fathers aud mothers—who i allow their ohildren to be brought, up according to a. system of education that admits of no God, no prfoepts of Gad, no morality. I have no wordB capable of expressing my contempt against them. What do I refer to ? Briefly this. It is now BuppoBedby the best < physicians in America that as many as five million children in America are put to death , every year before they are born—put to . death without: baptism, and that on aoponnt : ©f a system that doesjiot admit of God or of •.religion. And and toallthislhat the floodof immorality have been ihrowappen ®n the Am<rioan peeple,:j*nd Jhatjall kinds id unmoMlily b»Tft broken in there to a fearful extent. I want to let you into the secret of all that immorality. It is that the soul-sickening Btate of American sooiety has grown out of a system of education without any God. There is no end to dishonesty in Amerioa, and it has been growing worse year after year for the last quarter of a c ntury—growing out of that system of false education, without Gud or without religion- See how it is with those who stand at the head of the different departments of Government. You must have heard something in New Zealand about the robberies committed in America—robberies so fearful in extent, that if one-bundredth part of them took place here you would be without a country—you would have nothing to be robbed of any more. In one single day it was discovered in the Treasury Department in Washington that 400,000 000 of money (dollars) had been stolen by officials—taken in one day; and that was but one item. Millions and millions of acres of land have been stolen from the Government. The higher schools in Amerioa tea :;b a man how to make money, to look after his material welfare, but do not teaoh the fear of God nor what concerns Him, and the result is, they (the American people) have become very smart thieves and robbers. I am only too sorry to learn that the same system lias been introduced this year in New Zealand. I will not now expatiate upon it. I have no faith in it; I have seen too much of it—enough to make any man's soul sink. One thiug I will tell you from my heart— nd I say it because I am convinced—it would be better to have the small-pox, the ellow fever, the cholera, or some other pest o come into the land, and spread itself hrough the length and breadth of the ountry, and sweep away all your children, hau to have a system of education introuced among you that acknowledges no God nd will have no religion taught. In reality, hat else is this but a system to teaoh the hildren that there is no God and no reigion? It is so arranged that when the hildren are in the school, if God comes to he door of the schoolhouse and wants to ain admission in order to have something o do with the education of the children— something to do with their training, as He is their best friend—the schoolmaster, by virtue of the power given him by those who have made the law for you, goes and gives a slap to God in the face, and BayB: " Go away, we do not want you here; Jeans, be gone i We do not want you. Tou shall have no more to do with these children although you have redeemed them." Your legislators have made laws to bring up these ohildren without any love of God. Other eFils will grow up besides those I have spoken of as existing in America, I will state a few of these : Men who are drawn away from God and their religion are led into new systems, no matter how false or how abhorrent to the human heart they may be. So it cmes that when a man does not acknowledge a God he may be led to accept anything. Look at the infidels of Amerioa, and if I am properly informed there are some here who admit the Darwinian system. Look at the who has no belief in God, in Jesus, and not want God to have anything to do his affairs. He wants to form a class order to teach ohildren how they are to live in order to be happy. When he has a class he catechiseB them. He asks the children " Who made you ?" Some of the children, perhaps some of thoBe who have remaining some vestige of what their parents taught thamf will answer, " God made us." He tells them not to believe anyLhing of the kind, it was not God who made them. If there is an inquisitive little boy who aakn, " If God did not make us, who made us ?'' what answer will he give ? " No one made you; you have grown by a system of evolution, one from the other." Then the poor teaoher will tell his clasB of the real origin of man, acoording to his belief, and say to them, " It was not God made you; you are an offshoot of the monkey raoe." (Laughter.) He will tell tham " The monkey was your father." Then the poor teacher must, in carrying out this system and cateohiBing the children and telling them that they are a raoe of developed monkeys, say to them, " I am an old ape, a»d you, my dear ohildren, are young monkeys." (Laughter.) Is it not a pity to put the poor ohildren, who have a God in Heaven, under the direction of a man who will teaoh them suoh things aBthis, and yet, in reality, whal less is the teaching of the infidels of the day, than teaching us such stupid and hollow things f Wiut a shame and slur upon the human family to aacuse them of such a horrible origin as this. These are the teachings that people who admit no God will persist in giving. Is it not a disgrace to allow such teaching as this among your children? But this is what you must expeot if yoa throw off the yoke of God. This system will never do for yoa. It never did for the Citholios of America, who, as I have told you, tried it too long. I have already told you what the loss was there to those who claimed to be Christians, bat not all Catholics. Half the population have now no faith in God. They have no baptism, and are infidels in the: proper meaning of the word. There are ten million Protestants in Amerioa, and ten,million Catholics. As for the Protestants, many of them go oat of the knowledge of God aud of religion every year, and go to the side of the infidels. Id will not require a very aoute OBloixlation to Bee when ten millions of Protestants wilt be out of the knowledge of God and of religion altogether. - As I said before, there are ten millions of Catholics there. In the put forty years of this century, the CatholioBi not being provide? With proper edaoational institutions, lost .four mUtionBoftheir children, and from that ti me to:-this, tbey#»»e IOBI twomilliocB more. Bpt ,JB»..«»eMW9l the educational in*tittttionB wbli now, they have saved many who would otherwise have been lost. Their total loss from the want of proper educational institutions was six millions, and at the present time there should be sixteen millions of Catholios in America, instead of only ten millions. The prelates and priests of the Caurch in Amerioa tried to do all that could be done to provide proper educational institutions for their children, and amongst those who tried was the present Archbishop Williams, of Boston, who was educated in the first part of his life in the publio schools of Boston. He was a man who was, therefore, not prejudiced against the publio sohools of America, who, for a time, gave a fair trial' to the system. But in order that the system might be counteracted, he led the priests and the Catholio laymen to take office in the different School Boards, in order that they might give their votes when required, that no books should be introduced into the Bohool libraries, and that no text books might be introduced into the schools that were likely to be injurious to the faith of the Catholic ohildren. I may tell you that there are in the sohool libraries of Amerioa most lying and false histories. In some of them the Pope is described as anti-Christ, and the Catholio Church set down as the Whore ot Babylon; and I may tell you that there are other things even more offensive than either of these. The Catholio priests tried to keep such lying histories out of the school libra ries, and to get teachers appointed who would not try to bias the minds of the Catholio children, or to get them into some false religion. ArohbisLop Williams kept this system up for a long time, and had the children taught scienoe in the schools, and religion in the ohurohes, and npon the Sunday great care was taken to make up for the IOSB during the week when no oatechism was taught. In this way he endeavoured to save the ohildren from the ruin that the American publio sohool system was bringing npon them. But when I was there, three years ago, the Archbishop, then a bishop, sent word to all his priests, and told them that they had tried the syetem of education as it existed in Amerioa, and it had failed. They had lost many of their ohildren, who, through the public sohool system there had become infidel3. They had tried to utilise the teaohingg of science— which they loved—in the publio sohools. But just as the Oatholie Church hated divoroe in marriage, it hated the divoroe of scienoe and religion. Because there was a divoroe of scienoe from religion in the system of eduoation in the oonntry, the Catholio Church hated it, and must hate it. The Arohbishop of Boston found it was advisable and necessary to give orders to all the priests to build in connection with every church a Catholio eduoational institution, in order that the ohildren might be ednoated in religion as well as in science. The Arohbishop built a schoolhouse, and they are now springing up in eviry direction like magic. The Catholics there paid for the public sohools under protest, notwithstanding that they paid willingly in the seoond place for ttieir own schools. You would be astonished to see the great educational institutions in America that have grown up from the generosity of the Catholics. They may believe that the present" system tends to ruin and to hell, and by payiug money for the maintenance ot the schools in which their children will be taugiit both science and religion they do right. God bless the American people and the American Church, and God bless the people in New Zealand who will follow their example in building schools and maintaining them. I am glad to find that you have such a fine educational institution here for both sexes, for it will be u. glory and a crown to you. The institution is a glory and a crown to the Bishop of Dunedin, who has established it for you, and to a great extent maintained it, and without whom you would not have had suoh an institution. May God eternally reward the good prelate you have among you, and help you to maintain the schools he has erected. You have here .institutions as all the churches ought to have for the purpose of saving your ohildren from ruin by the system of eduoation that has been brought in by infidels, brought in by people whit say that their grandfathers were monkeys. Let them go, we do not dispute their origin at all. If a man will insist that he is an advanced monkey, and that his grandpapa was an ape, we will not be inclined to dispute bis origin. The monkey does not acknowledge God, and it iB the developed monkey who made this law. The monkey does not acknowledge God, and neither does his developed offspring. If you oonsider both sides of the question you will not be inclined to dispute with these men the origin they claim for themselves. My dear Catholios, God is your father, and by all mttaUB . provide educational institutions amongst you with the aid of your bishop and clergy. I mast give due praise to the clergy, and to the worthy and excellent teachers you have among you, to give proper direction to the knowledge of your children, a,nd to lead them to the kingdom of heaven. Now that you have these institutions established support them, and do not fail to support them generously. I will not enter into the minutis of the matter now, .but will make it the subject of a epeoiallecture. I have gome important things to say upon the subject yet, but for the present I will simply say that it is t your bounden duty, as Cattiolics, to give a pfaper traVtliog to your children—if youcanfcotgiveit in your oWn home it can be given in the -educational institutions you have amongst you, and it is, therefore, yonr duty to BUpport them. Without that support ttajy o&nnotbe; continued. If you do so and give Proper directions to your, children*B energies, iewardyoo will, have,wheriybu are catled'tothe other world. There your children will be aotown o! gloiy to you. They will follow you after a time, and cluster round you, and God will be praised and blessed But if you neglect them—"woe to hi® who gives soandal"—and this woe will fall upon the heads of those who have misguided their children by not allowing them to be tanght anything about God. ' Eternal woe to the infidels who have established a system of education in order that the present generation shall be led out of the knowledge of God and of religion. It is written that one who gives scandal to any one of these children (hall be thrown into hell; and I ask you what will befall the infidels who have introduced this syntem of education among you? —your legislators. You will not give them a vote in the future, and you must look upon them as your deadly enemies who voted for the matter, by which a system of education was introduced by which you: children are to be misguided, brought from God and from religion in the future. If you have the Catuolic faith and Catholic hearts within yon you will never give a vote to any of these infidels wLom God Almighty will sink into hell some day for leading a whole generation away from religion. Not only will this woe fall upon the Legislature for the making of laws for the ruin of the children, but it will fall upon those parents who do not fulfil their obligations to their children. The day will come when the children will have ended their career, and their fathers and mothers will have gone before them into eternity. What reply will those parents give when it has been found out that a son or daughter is lost upon account of the education that has been given? Suppose the son was a good boy and was sent to an infidel school, and there brought up only.for the world without receiving any Christian training. He was not tanght his obligation to God; he was simply taught bow to make money, and nothing more. Because of that he had not God's grace about him to resist temptation, and he fell into sin and is now in hell. Look, at the position he occupies now. What will he say ? "Iam lost I I am lost 1" he will say; " and I am justly lost. I am in hell because I have sinned ; but my father caused me to be misguided, and did not give me a Christian eduoation. I am lost; my father is the cause. Vengeanoe ! oh, Lord, against my father, who led me astray." And a poor daughter goes to perdition because she lived for the world. She goes to hell because she was living in sin and died in sin. " Great God," she will say, " puuishment has come upon me, I am in he'll and I deserve it. My sins brought me here, because I was not taught by my mother. I am lost! My mother is the cause. Vengeance ! oh, God, against the one who led me astray." Not only will the children rise up in judgment against their parents, but all heaven will cry out against them. They will call to God and say, " Where are the children ofjthese parents who should have been in heaven. Tiiey are in hell because they were neglected and led astray—their education was neglected. The vengeance of heaven against them, fathers and mothers." To Jesus, properly speaking, the judgment is given, and when the fathers and mothers come before Him for judgment, who have failed to give their ohildren a roper education, what excuse will these arents be able to give ? Will it not be rged againet them that they have destroyed heir children, for whom Christ's own reoious blood was shed. Woe to you all, f you fail in what is one of your greatest bligations towards your ohildren in eduating them well. May I reqaefct you by all hat is holy and dear to you to fail not in his, and whatever you have done in the past o make up for it now. Clear your conscience rom such a Bin as the neglect of your hildren. I would advise the clergy, and if may dare to do so, I will advise the excelent prelate who reigns here in this diocese, o give absolution to no fathers or mothers ho do not send their children to Catholio nstitutions, where you have them. Let it ot he necessary by threats to urge yoa to do his, but let it be done at any oost. Show our love for your children by bringing them p in such a way that when you are before he Judgment Seat of God the judgment will e in your favour upon account of the care ou have given to these things. FEMALE OCCUPATIONS IN THE STATES. — There are in the United States 45 female herdsmen, 30 female cattle-keepers, 1179 female barbers and hairdressers, 67 female clergymen, 7 female sextons, 391 female house-painters, 196 female carriers, carters, and coachmen, 1 female pilot, 1 female ice merchant, 24 female dentists, 5 female lawyers, H female livery-stall keepers, 826 female physicians and surgeons, o female cattle dealers, 20, female undertakers, S female brewers, 5 female charcoal burners, 6 female distillers, 11 female pyrotechnists, 1 female architect, 33 female gunmakers and locksmiths, 5 female boilermakers, 14 female trunkmakers, 178 female house-decorator^ and 93.female type-founders. A. VEBDicr, with £50 damages, has (sajl li* Daily Express) been Obtained against (be Great Sjuthern and Western Railway Company, . at Abbeyleix quarter sessions, for amage sustained by a horse in transit on heir line. The horse, which belonged to a gentleman in Bathdowney, was .valued at 100, but.on the journey he was found oniwj ack :in the horse-box, very much out and njured, and was subsequently sold by anotion or £38. JPDOE KEOGH has sentenced, 0*Herliby> he Cork schoolmaster, to twelve months mprisonment for haying arms in his possesion ina proclaimed district. He was acquitted n the charge of stealing arms from Messrs. Hport.tut thereis another charge against im of haying in hiB possession arms that ere etolenfromtheUallow&ilitia; Barracks. 