IPSWIGH EDITION. — \ ? ; ? o ? Tnn town of Ipswich would seem to' bo not so much in tho dumps ea in f ear of beJnjf dono out of its dumping altogether. We gather from a contemporary that regulations havo been issued by tto Koi'way authorities which place Athens in a very unfavourable position wun respect 10 ica wool tratuc, wnon compared with o- her places.. The last plank bus been cut away, and.Brorner-streef is soon to bo a howling wilderness. About tho impolicy and barbarity of this measure we ahull not treat, but it has givon us a littlo food for meditation on tho decadence, not of Ipswich alone, but of noarly every town we havo evor dwelt in. Tho ' old inhabitant' is very eloquent whon talk ing about the sad chango ; ho carr remember when Bremer-street was full of bullock drays, and now a bullock dray \a a curiosity in Ips wich. Those' wero tho palmy days ; that was tho timo monoy was mado in Ipswich ; you could almost pick it up in tho streets. We do not quite believe that, but it is possible that a revolution, not entirely to tho advantage of tho town, has occurred. But what wo should liko to know is, -where is tho town which is at this moment in the hoy.day of prosperity ? Whero is this phenomenon of automatic wealth accumulation going on now ? ? Can no one say ? Wo nro tired of turning up at placo after placo just fifteen years too lato to mako our fortune. Wo want a Blice of the good present times, not the good old times. Thoy are no good to us. It is a singular com mentary on tho theory that Ipswich is ruined, that the town is increasing and spreading, that suburbs are forming at all extremities, aud that many assort that the place waa never more prosperous^ We never knew it iu its busy days, but we can. seo no signs of lan guishing or dospondenoy on tho faces of the burgessea, no driehanga about the streeta with gloom, on. his face, but all are buay and pretty cheerful. For our own part wo have not 'any great idea that by leaving Athens we should bo likely to find a spot where money '' was to bo had for nskinc-. And although wo are sorry to hear that dump ing is a thing of the past, wo are not at all dis posed to fancy Ipswich will bo greatly tho the worso for the loss, though we sympathise with the inhabitants who regret to see- their ancient industry disappear. ' Ipswich Hospital. — There was a meeting of tho committee of this hospital yesterday. The usual routine business was performed, which referred merely to the internal administration of tho institution. Dr. M'Intosh, the resident surgeon, reports the patient Ware, injured on Tuesday last, tc be out of danger. The Weatheb.— The weather yesterday had a great tendonoy to fineness, there, were one or two sharp driving showers in tho courae of the day, but towards evoning there were distress ing symptons of clear skies ? and more dry weather. It still looks unsettled. The Elocution Class. — '1 he Elocution Class mot last night for the discussion of business. The attendance was not large. Mr. W. A. Smith, 'son., occupied tho chair. Wo are sorry to say that a losa was announced on tho last two entertainments, but tho mooting was in formed that tho outstanding subscriptions would make this right. Wo trust that this littlo difficulty will bo got over aud tho class flourish as before. A casting- committeo was appointod to cast two plays and bring them up for approval at the next general meeting. Spiritism at Ipswich. — It is hard, now a-days to go into any spot without finding that the Spiritualistic clement has taken a firm hold in sorno direction or another. Like temperance, this form of boliof— if wo are right in calling it bo, for we know very littlo about tho tenets — is held with great fervour by tho persons who profess it. Wo find that in Ipswich thero are a certain few who do not disavow a leaning, if not a firm adhesion, to this new or newish (for the matter is older than most people fancy) school of thought. For our own part wo have never soen a seance, except Maskolyno and Cook's, and are totally unacquainted with the method of pursuing Spiritualistic investiga tions. Of the fow Spiritualists or Spiritists, as thoy sometimes call themselves, wo ha\o con versed with, somo have held these public performers in high contempt as renegades, and maintain that their tricks are absolutely done with the aid of spirits, and somo have denounced thorn as impoBtors. 'Wo cannot Bay. We only know that we hope if it should ovor fall to our lot to be in the sooiety of a medium, ho will call a being from the next, or, as they insist, tho continuation of this life, who will be a littlo less vigorous than the noisy, if ethereal confederates of tho Egyptian Hall. We have seen a gentloman emerge from the rickotty cabinet at that place of amusement with a black eye, the result of a blow from a cornet which somo eccentric shade had been larking with. Indeed, if spirit land is anything liko the glimpse ono geta there, it is vory little uso com mitting suicide with a view of being at rest, for nothing seems to go on except a continual drumming on tambourines and violont ringing of hand bells. For creatures, too, who havo laid asido the weary load of flesh, your spirits oan give vory solid thumps on deal boards. However, as we have Baid, we are in a Btate of dreadful ignorance, but if the spiritualists of Ipswich, whoever they are, .will get up a seance, and will promise not to make our flesh oreep, for wo are not used to ghosts, we will very sin cerely try to behave proporly, and enquire with a philosophic tone of mind, into whatever facts may he laid before us. 