®mml giews. Davies and T.ewk's Entertainment. — Our rea ders are reminded of the Entertainment at the Iusti tule Hall to-morrow and Saturday uigbr. This fashouable entertainment is a really first cl iss one, and we can safely promise those who patronise it a capital evening's amusement. The company also perform at Por* Victor, Port Elliot aud Goolwa next week, bee advertisement. Panobama. — On Friday and Saturday last Messrs Biice Bros, exhibited their New Panorama of ilio Rasso-Turkish War in the Institute Hall; The attendance on each night was small, but the pictures were greatly admired, Mr. SaX'»n, the descriptive Lecturer, giving a short explanation to each view, finishing each with a laughable anecd-te. Tbe entertainment concluded on Friday night with a few par 'our conjuring tricks by Mr. Brice. Rev. Chas. Clarke. — We understand negoliati ins have been made with this talented lecturer for his appearaccs in Strathalbyn in three or four wouk's time. New Wool Waeehodses. — Messrs Luxmoire & Co. haying just completed the enlargement aud improvement of their wool warehouses in Adelaide, in another column announce their readiness to do business on a large scale. With all their experience in Wool dealing, and the iucreased accommodation now afforded for sampling &c;, a large business should be done. The WEATHEEhas been very rough daring the last week, aud particularly so during the nights ; very little rain, however, has fallen about Strathal byn. On Sunday night last tbe occultation of Jupi ter with the moon was only occasionally visible here, the sky being covered with clouds. The Illustrated Papers are all to hand, Frear sons Weekly has a large cartoon besides several other interesting engravings. The Supreme Court pic ture is the best that paper has issued. The Porto nian and Lantern are4iboth good tins week. Making it Wash foe Him-— We can almost vouch for the truth of the following yarn :— A busy Life. Assurance agent, meeting with the great evangelist preacher lately visiting this cl»ny, thought to do a stroke in his line, and asked the rev. gent'«inan whether he could take his proposal for a life policy, and received for a reply thus — ' ' What' little he had of this world's goods, with his eternal all, was entrusted to tar more reliable keep ing than any society on earth.31 The agent immediately retoited, 'Then I must refer you to some other- company, as ours don't deal in fire policies \' Thk Poet Victor Breakwater. — We under stand the tender of Mr. John Kobb, of Melbourne, has been accepted for this work, the Breakwater at £96,185, 18s. lOd. and the Jetty £11,271 19s. in all £107,457 17s. lOd. We trust soon to be able to announce the commencement of this important work. Legislative Covjkco. Elbctiohs. — It will be seen elsewhere that tlie writs are issued far the retora of four new members for the .Legislative Council — the nomination taking place in Adelaide on Monday, the 26 -h inst., and the elections on Tuesday, the 10th September. As jet, there are only five or six candidates in the field, and very indolent apathy seems to exist in the matter,, although some few months. -ago there was considerable promise of excitement when the time should come. Surely the electors are not proing to let candidates walk in indiscriminately. It is just as important now — indeed, more important — that tbe right men only should lte returned to seats in the Council, which they will occupy for a number of years, whether they represent public opinion or not. There is room for some one from ths South — have we no one qualified or willing to serve us ? United, we have it in onr hands to secure fair representation, and there is no time for dilly-dallying. Goolwa Shipping. — The eteamer, Queen of the South,, arrived at Goolwa on the 10th inst. with one passenger, and 10 cases kerosine, six do. spirits, and 1,916 packages suidries. The Queen left Port Adelaide at 8 p.m. on the 9th, and after a very fine passage reached Victor Harbour at 8 am. next morning. She discharged cargo, and then pro ceeded to Murray Mouth. Bar smooth; 11 ft water. Arrived at Goolwa at 1 p.m. Wool Sai.es down South.— Merchants are very busy preparing for sales of wool in Adelaide. We trust some one will see the advantage that would accrue if regular sales were held at Goolwa oi Port Victor, from which Ports tbe wool could be shipped 'with equal facilities to any Port in the World, with out the expense of having to be Carried to Adelaide first. These ports offer special .advantages, winch men of business who are not prejudiced cannot fail to see, far eclipsing the Port to which efforts are now being so earnestly made to divert the trade. The secretary of the XT. S. Treasury saya the big copper pennies are not a legal tender. The treasurer will keep on with bis nonfcenae until he rules that trouser buttons are not a proper cur ren *y to pat in the basket when a missionary col lection is bang taken up for the heathen. There I is altogether tjo much fooling 'with the currency in | Washington. ?** Raising the Wind.' — The Kapunda Herald's eity correspondent says some persons have peculiar notions respecting money matters and bus'ness. Within the past month one of tbe deepest planned and most daring attempts at fraui wliiuh has occurred here for some time was perpetrated. But it has nut . turned out quite so successfully as the schemers di sired, and two of them were brought up ' at the Police Court, Adelaide, on Thursday, three others being still at large. Ton may remember seeing a mysterious case connected with a store at Port Pirie. which was ordered to be broken open after a sufficient lapse of time since any one had been seen about the place. Everything was found in a state of confusion ; . cases had bean opened, and easily- moveable valuables taken away, tlie rest being carelessly scattered about. The store I: ad been taken by people named McGuinneBS, who, with a display of genius worthy of a better cause, seem to have conspired to swindle several of -the large wholesale houses in the city. It was a neat little family affa-x, a son and brother giving bills to his mother, sisters, and brother to the amount of over £3.000, which were never met, nor even pre sented at the Bank. He then seat his brother to Adelaide to order goo Is in bis na-ne to the value of nearly £4,000 in lieu of payment of the bills, an 1 for these goods he gave bills extending over twenty months, the first of which would not mature fo nioe months from a date in July, so that his creditors could do nothing in the meantime. Fortunately, however, foi them this other phase of the affair cropped up, and Mr. Abraham McGuinness en deavuuxed to arrange with bis creditors to take a composition of 10s. in the pounrf, which they de clined. He then raised his offer to 15s., which met with the same reception. Finally he offered 20s. if they would allow time for Miss McGuinness to go to Sydney and fetch the money. She vat allowed to go, but has not yet returned, and her brother Abraham has also disappeared ; the other brother Jo'in and sister Ellen, however, arc in durance vile, bail being refused. I hear that three or four of our Largest wholesale grocery and drapery establish ments are let in for an average of £70 J or £803 each, but there is every prospect of their recovering tbe aruouat in full, as besides the fact that most of the eoods are recoverable, Abraham had a stock in Georgetown, where he ha-1 carried on business since 1873, aud worth over £2,0u0. Important Case to Auctioneers akd Pur chasers at Auction Saleo. — i short time ago Messrs. Peter Mo;r & Jsous, auctioneers, Her Majesty's Horse Repository, Nottingham Place, Edinburgh, br^uaiit aa action in the Sheriff Court against James D.ibip, e-nt! actor, Millhill, Musse' burgh, for the rec-very -if £30 Us., being the prici of a geldiDg sold by them to the defender at an auction sale on the 6th March last. The animal was warranted in the sale casalogue to be quiet to ride. Mr. Dobie got o 'SsessiKii of the animal, and ten dered a bank cb que in payment. Having found the horse not to be according 1 1 the warrantry, he however returned it to the sellers the f Jiowing day, and payment of the ctuqae was stopped. Tne animal remained on Messrs. Moil's hands for a time, a- d wa3 subscqusntly sold by warrant of the Sheriff. The defence taken in the action was that there was no sale, inasmuch as the owner of the beast, a Mr. Brooke, horse-dealer, competed at the sale of it, and was the sec ni last bidder. It was contended on the other hand that Mr. Bro»ke exercised a right given to all sellers, and u:iiversall y adopted ; and that his right to give one bid was specially reserved by the printed condi ions of sale, which were placed hi the most patent part of the pursuers' auction yard. Sheriff HaHard has issued a-.i interlocutor on the case in which he *? fi:ids that at the pursuers' auction of 6'h Marc'U last the ow -er of the horse in question bade against the defender ; that his doing so was iliega), and vitiates the sale ; that tlie printed regu lations and conditions produced, even if duly pub liihed in the place were the auction was he^, are insufficient to validate the transic'ion ; therefore. (hat there was no sale, aurl that the defender was justifi d in returning the horse and stopping payment of the chsq-ie wl-ich he had granted for the price; af-soilz'ies the defender from the conclusions of the libel, and finds him entitled to expenses.' In a afl*e . appended to the interlocutor the Sheriff says, ' No other point was argued except the legality of the condition inserted in the priiitel regulations, and^of, which the exposer availed himself by bidding against the d fender. Such a proceeding is contrary to the good faith which should prevail at an auction, aud no authority has been referred to on which it can be sustained as effectual, even though duly published beforehand- An upset price is quite a different thing.'— Xlorlh British Adoertiser. The Sylney Evening News describes the following extraordinary occurrence : — ' A clever piece of work has been ace miplished in the Land Deparc m-nt, an erring offi.-er of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its victims to va'uables in shape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats, or, in their absence, on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil eer vantB at the halfhour forenoon interval, .br one branch of the Lands Office a day hxa never passed over without complaints of some unscrupulous han I being la-d on tbe lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised four times succeRsively not a week ago. and the horrible presentiment came to his nrnd that the chief of the branch was the culprit. A conference was held, aad it was decided to bring the offender t-- justice. The whole of the {lunches next day were Ibsrally served with tartar emetic. At about 1 the cliu-f felt disinclined to amei and at 2 was sure he was attacked by cholera or typhoid ; half an hour later the real symptoms were apparent and the sympathies of the officers of the depart ment increased ae the tablean drew nigh. He was eure he was g--ii-g to give up the ghost (as he bad a ; fearful dose), b it instead of that gave up the dinner, j He has sin-u- p- titioned for the removal, it is said, of the prii.c.pal conspirator, on the ground of insub- i ordination.'* . j One dav hist week a man went to a farmer in 'this ? neigbonrboo i and asked him for. work at grubbing. ; Tae farmer askel what terms he wanted. The man replied that he had been at that sort of work three years and bad been getting 30s. p it acre, half the price of the roots and timber when they had been carried to market, anl half the crop the first, I j-ear, and ditto the second. ' Of course,' added the man, ' if there's no crop I lose my half share.' The farmer seemed struck with the modesty of the proposal, and at once said, ?? VO. give you the whole farm, fences, improvements and all ; take it away with you, my friend.' The grubber declined, not liking to impose on good nature, but retired with the air of a man who possessed all the virtues. — ¥. P. Advertiser. To the sentimental young, who impro7e the ocsasion of giving and receiving munc lesions, by indulging in the blissfc.. ess of 'spooning,'' the following little Gerxua^- story bar an excellent moral: — A younr student w.i.-- giving a music lesson, the other diy, to a young ir.dy. They were alone, and dolce was to be plare^- ' What does that mean ?' she asked. '' Softly and sweetiy?' he sail, looking at her in a soft, sweet manner. '.Leqa'o! what does that mean?1' she asked. ' Connected, joined together,' said he, putting his arm gently round her. Jast at that moment in came her father, who was a professor; he cried, laughing, 'Staccato! — detached — separate 1' and they flew apart. ' A daring feai,' the Geelong Times states, .' was performed by Mr. Eobt. Miller, master of the schooner Aquila. - His vessel was moored alongside the Yarra street wharf, but during the terrific storm which occurred at about half-past six of lock, one of the lines holding her to the wharf parted, and she swung off. Mr. Miller happened to be in the viciuity at the time, and without a moment's hesitation heylunged into the turbulent water, swam about 50 yard?, and then had to climb up the craft's bare sides. As eoon as be obtained a footing or. the deck he let go the anchors, and soon made her secure. But for hi3 timely and plucky interposition the Aquila would certainly have been beached, and an amount of damage would probably have been done to other crafts also lying along the pier.' ' What time is it ?' enquired a email boy whose father had set him to work shovelling coal at six o'clock in the morning. '* It's nine,' answered the' passer-by. ' What,', exclaimed the small boy, '?only nine? Why, blame it, if I'd bfeu going round gathering in barrels for a bon-fire it would bave been noon long ago.' c ' Swallow-tails never go out of fashion; but it seems to us that newspaper readers don't swallow tales as they used to. . . . ? r.. ^_-- A neat and easily recollected rule for measuring heights by means of the barometer, is given in Admiral Fitzroy's treatise. The figures are of course approximate, since no allowance is made fjr temperature ; but they will often serve where accuracy U not required, and the height to be estimated does not exceed a quarter of a mile. The rule is to divide the d.fference of reading between the upper and lower stations by the decimal 0.011 ; the result is the elevation ia feet. . - \- On Tuesday last (says the Border Watch') the locomotive* cro6s- d the n. w bridge across the Mur ray at Echuca f r the first time. Two heavy Eng':s1i engines, weighing over 45 tons each, arrived specially from Sandhurst that morning, and at H o'clock proceed -d over the bridge coupltd to gether. Messrs. Lunt, Edwards, and other mem. bers of the engineering department were present at the te-ting. The greatest deflection by the weight of the engines was over the river spans, where the bridge was depre69ei a quarter of an inch ; along the land spins the average den ction was the six teenth of an inch, but'no permanent lowering took place, the bridge rising immediately after it was relieved of the weight. The formal driving of the last rivet of the ironwork was performed by Messrs Lunt, Halliday, and Lambert, cheers being given for tbe bridge and contractors. The bridge is ex pected to he opened in a month. The test was regarded as being most successful, showing that the bridge had been faithfully constructed. The officers of the department expressed a favourable opinion of the satisfactory character of the work. Echuca. Wool Rat&s.; — There appears to have been a misapprehension as to the relative charges per bale of road and river borne wool under the recently issued scale of rates. The scale distinctly states that the rate per bale carried over 100 miles and up to luO (within which distance the journey from Kchuct to Melbourne would be classed) is to be 2d- for every five miles or part of five miles. This would make the charges per bale from Echuca 5s. 4d., from which 6d is to be deducted for New South Wale3 wool delivered by team or railway at the Victorian Border terminus ; but the scale id a graduated one, commencing with distances of 30 miles ani under, and ranging in fire divi.-i-.ms up to ;I60 miles, and with that desire to conduct its busi ness in the manner least likely to be understood by the public tbe department makes a separate calculation for each district, and then adds the lot tog ther. By this process the charge is made to amount to 7s. per bale, or C . 6d. net, after deduct ing tbe allowance made (or New South Wales wool brought across the border by land carriage. For river-borne wool the charges are the same as last eeason, namely, 5'. per bile for that brjught to Efhuca from any station on the Murray below Weotworth, and from any station on the Darling or its tributaries, and 5s. 9J. for wool brought from between Wentworth and the Wakool Junction and from any station on the Murrumbi Igee or its tributaries. It will be setn therefore th ?: complaint that the river trace was unfairly handicapped by the new rates is not foualed on fact ; but iu justice to those who made the complaint it must be stated that out of about a score of experts who very keenly scrutinized the ne* by-law upon its first publication not one hit upon the ingenious device by which the traffic branch of tbe department was so successful in concealing its meaning from the public. — Riverine Herald. 