DAIRYING FALLACIES.: j -.i . AIR IK' GHSA11. ' . Fon aome time it was thought (and oharns tooarryout tlie principle were introdaoed) that the pasBage of air into tlio cream dur ing the process of -oliurning promoted the separation of the batter. Tliid idea-is now exploded, and the oharns are found only in garrets. I allude to it meroly to Bhow, in the light of what will be hereafter stated, how lar away from any true oonooption of the facts the minds of many mast have been when suoh a theory could have had currenoy. WITCHES IN THE CREAM. Not nnfrequently the correspondence oolumns of weokly journals contain qaeries, headed, " Why D.m't the Batter Gomo 7" or something equivalent, in whioli the I writer details the painful efforts of hoars, and even days, over a rofraotory ehuraful of uream. Most inexperienced persons meet with this trouble; andfuot a few, also, who have mado a good dual of batter, and made it well, whon all n&tural; oonditiona were favoarable. The idoa expreBBod by some that the cream wob "bewitched," is the last resort, the world over, for the, explana tion of the uncomprehended natural pheno mena. It isoaly io the clear while light »f Beience (knowledge) that the witoh becomes totally invisible. She' and the ghost are always best seen in the dark. TEJIFEHATDEE IN SETTING. As lately as 'seven or eight years ago it was the universal teaching that thoproperi temperature for Betting milk was in the vicinity of 60deg. The beet authorities' agreed that, at a higher temporatnro, tho milk would become sonr before all the oream would come to the surface, while at a lower temperature it would sever rise at all. When the Swedish method of setting in ioe water was first reported, it couia hardly obtain serious notice, BO contrary was it to received notions. Now, it has been abundantly demonstrated tbat oream swims to the surface soonest in milk'cooled nearly to its point of greatest, density, or about 403eg. This is, in itself, a great advanoe piobably the greatest single step that has been made in butter-dairying. Yet it was not made by a professor, bnt was blun dered upon in practice. . ? \- THE " CURRENT" THEOM. ' Some minds have a great fondness for mystifying plain matters. If ODO should see a quantity of apples going over a water fall, it would never occur to him that, when these apples reached the still water below, it would be necessary to " oreate currents'* in the pool before the fruit would float to the surfaoe. The faot that apples are lighter than water would be ooDsidered a sufficient reason why they Bbould float upon it; and as it is a rule alike of philosophy aud common sense that when we have a perfectly satis factory reason for any occurrenoe, it is folly to seek for any other, we should nevor think of a " current11 theory. .Having ocular evi dence that a cariont submerged the apples, and that they came to the surface where the current abates, we should be satisfied. Now, the butter globule, though it is too small to be seen by the naked eye, is to the milk in which it swims what the apples in the case supposed.were to the water. If we keep the milk in a stale of agitation they do not rise . if the milk is at rest, and just in proportion as that rest is perfeot, they swim to the top. The most rapid separation of oream takes place in that apparatus where the milk iB quickest reduced to (the proper temperature and moBt rigidly held there. Whenever you hear one of these "current" theorists hold ing forth, you will always find that he has a "new patent-setting-can" in the ante room, which he would like to show. you. Remember tho air-chursB, "and esohew him. SOB ANIMAL ODOUB. That the boat butter . is now made from oream raised in closed, aud even in sub-' merged oane, is what the boys oall "a sticker" to those gentlemen who have long and learnedly held forth upon the per nicious " animal odour" in milk, which re quired the moBt oareful yentilatioo to be rid of, and which absolutely ruined the flavour and' keeping quality of the butter when retained, ; Various ingenious ways of getting around the stubborn faot are resorted to. It is hard indeed, after having explained how this " odour",originates), what its chemical formula probably is, and bow it looks or would look, when isolated, to find it dis appear, nil at onoe, libo a will-o'-the-wisp. No doubt there are " stinks" in milk, but no doubt, alBo, they are got there from filthy bags and teats, filthy hands, foal air, and the like. Pure healthy milk has nothing in it that needs to be removed by ventilation. Ventilate your cow stables, keep your cows dean, give them good food and pure water, keep yourself and your sur roundings clean while handling the product, from the udder to the butter-tub, and you will nevor be troubled with the " animal odour." Another ghost has been laid, another " witoh" has disappeared. . , . WASHING BOXXEn. Abundant experiment has shown that tile natural flavour of butter cannot be removed by .washing it with pure water. Careful manipulation, with |the oream and every thing else -just, right, will make good butter without washing. Bat tile, extra trouble is wasted. .TUB." CHAIN?' OF HOTTER. When the butter has . ^ come," and ap-' pearB in little irregular masses, from a pin1* head to a.large- pea in .size, is the time to draw off the buttermilkiand wash the butter in .the oburn.. .This removes most of the buttermilk* , After , being then gathered and removed from , the churn, worked, washed , and Baited on tbe; butter-worker: at the proper temperature( we fiud, upon breaking it, that it has a. granular look. . The mass seems to be . made of little; particles wifch a slightly glistening:, appearanoe.l This is called the "grain.". These :email, particles are par tially kept apart < by films of water (after, salting, this, water becomes brine), and the r peouliar texture thus imparted to the butter is a test of proper manufacture. Over-ohurn or over-work it, churn or work it at the wrong, temperature, and tho grain'is gone, never to be restored; and with it is .gone a large per centage of the.' selling value of the butter. Enough water (brine) must be re. tained to produce this .appearance* which distinguishes " butter" from «? grease." Consequently the -most perfeot grain is ob tained by woBhing in the churn before the butter is V gathered." _ , THE BUZZSlt G&OBUIilB.; ..... . To those who know nothing of the mioros. oopo and its revelations,, a world remains hidden of which they oan. have little com prehension. To the naked eyo milk .appears a smooth, uniform fluid. To,the eye, aided by the oombiaation of magnifying glasses, called a "miorosoppo". (seer of little things)' it is a translucent fluid,' in whioh floats a multitude ^of shining globes, and these globes are butter in its primitive state. We do not make butter when we oburn, although .we say so* "When the proobss of..churning hae been oohtfnned until we cau see little particles of bnttor in the ofeam^ we say 11 the butter has come," andthe next proceeding (after washing), is to "gatherit.'' Bat, in reality, ohurning is.a single processi There is no difference between the "coming0 and thei "gathering,;' exoept that the latter 1b visible, while the former is invisible* to the unaided Bight. All that we do when' we agitate oream in a churn is to throw the butter globules strongly against eaoh other, if the orram is too oold, we may do this' for ever, and. produce ' no butter, for the same reason that we oannot work-bnttor into rolls or prints, when it is too oold. The globules are too hard to stick together. They merely rattle against one another in tho' oburn like peas m a nag* . If the oream is too warm, we oan - churn them together- and then churn i? aPar' ftgain, because they are in too fluid a state to. hold together against'the action of the churn, So no butter comes m either case-there are ** witches iw the cream." The trne exoroist, in suoh trouble, .is a thermometer. : . 