LECTURE BY THE AEOHBISHOP OF SYDNEY. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Vaughau, Arch biebop of Sydney, delivered a leeture on ' Christ and His Kingdom,' in the Royal Princess' Theatre, Sandhurst, on Monday evening, and the Hendigo Independent, of whoso report we avail ourselves, says :— There was a crowded audience, ?who continually expressed, by the earnestness of their acclamation, their high appreciation of the brilliant talents, the learning, and eloquence oi the illustrious lecturer. The Mayor of Sandhurst j occupied tho chair, ami. there were present also j on tho platform— Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst; Dr. ^O'Connor, Bit-hop of Ballarat ; Sir John O'Shanuasay, Mr. J. Dwyor, M.L.A.'s, and several other gentlemen of the clergy and laity. The Mayor having introduced the Archbishop, his Grace proceeded with tho lecture. In introducing Ins subject he remarked ho could not help, as he looked upon the large and distinguished assembly, imagining that thoy Would think it strange that he should come, as it were, starring it down in Victoria, and to tho city of Sandhurst, to preach Borrcons and deliver lectures. They would think that he v.-ould have enough to do at home, and lie could quite assure them that he had more to do at home than lie had tirao or strength to effect. Yet lie thought thoy would agree that he had a good reason for doing so when ho told them it was gratitude. The Bishop of Sand hurst had done him one good turn, and he had no hesitation in doing him a good turn in return. (Applause.) And if anything added to the pleaoure of assisting the Bishop, it was that they had received him so kindly and go enthusiastically that evening. When ho was asked by tho Bishop to deliver a lecture in Sandhurst, he naturally caat about for a subject that would provo interesting on which to lecture, as he did think that the greatest subject on which a lecturer could speak was that which shows where wo are going to, and whence wo came ; therefore, he had chosen a subject that he certainly believed would be interesting to every lady and gentleman presont, and by which the mind might be en lightened, and the intellect illuminated. He did not come there to throw off any bright literature, or to repeat any learnt-off-by-hcart composition, ?which might do very well for boys at Bchool, and those who chose to spout here and there. He took a more serious viow of thing, and chose to speak of that kingdom from the knowledge and hope of which sprung every true Christian, and every greatness and nobleneos of man. No subject he thought, of greater importance than tins, whose considerations no man could throw from him. In the presont dayo the basis of the great subject of Christianity vras greatly assailed, and in reading the history- of antiquity we met no record of such force, virulence, and persistence being used in oldon time as now opposed religion, and it made it, if not to shake and tremble, at least to require to be deiended ; therefore, he considered it the highest privilege for any one to lecture or speak on any platform when, feeling convinced of the great truths him selfj he sought to: bring home the principles that filled his heart and soul to tho minds of others. (Applause.) And, when considering his own country, the great neat3 of learning at Oxford and Cambridge, from which had sprung £0 many great men, and from which had flowed aomuch that was learned, grand and ennob ling, how their learning was diffused to far distant countries, and the principles of th-?iv learning scattered far and wide, they fixed their -eyes on a learned and intelligent man shooting down the head of the authority by the socialistic spirit imbued in him — Dr. Nobiling.aman of the high est culture, endeavouring to take the life of the Emperor of Germany, imagining that by striking at the representative of power, ho was levelling the power itself ; and when we recollect that the same principle is learnt in the colleges of our country, of socialism, of levelling, of bringing down, as actuated Dr. Nobiling, we must feel reeolved that it is right and necessary for each of Us in his place to do all in his power to perfect true civilization, by maintaining its true founda tion, Christianity, to resist all that is anarchy and confusion, that is disorderly and unlawful, audio raise and confirm all that is orderly, lawful, and correct in the heart of every upright man. (Applause.) It is a fact which every man must admit that man is obliged to search after some kind of religion. There is a nature in the human heart that compels him to do so, that makes him seek to know the cause of his being, .whence he caino, and whither he is going. Do what he will, he cannot destroy it. Tho question will recur to him, and every man and woman must and have asked themselves that great question. Reason pro pounds it ; reason is over soeking for the answer, and not only that, but tho reason itself calls for faith. Every nation, ? every man also, has within himself that feeling of created, that desire of adoring, that subjection to a Supreme Being, that institutes some religion in every mind. And as such is tho case, we find also that no one receives as an answer to the question his heart ever asks him, any teaching that comes not with authority, that is not based on some book of whose authority they are convinced. If anyone said to him, ' I 'will tell you of the future, of eternity, where you arc going, what will happen you,' he would roply, ' Do you como from eternity or the future H' and if ho said he did not, ho would toll him that . he was in as good a position as ho was to know, and refuse his doctrino. So the Hindoos believed in tho Shastras ; the Parsees in Zerdhurst ; so tho Mahommcdantf, Thibetians, Old Peruvians, and, Mexicans, all attached their faith to some foundation in which their faith implicitly rested. If wo pass by the time of Abel and Abraham, and commence our consideration with tho man who came out of the ark with his children, and read the works of God and His promises and directions to them, we have the first stone of tho foundation of Christ's kingdom, and of that religion which frees, elevates, and emioblcj tho heart and intellect of man. (Applause.) De scending from the ark to the newly unclothed earth, Noah and sons offered up on the green sward to their God, and with the steaming smoke of the burning oblation arose the homage of creatures to a creator, of Immunity to divinity, of man to God. The' Lord said to Noah and his eons, 'Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth. And, behold. I establish my covenant with you, and with your teed after you.' Here is God speaking to man ; here is a revelation, that' reve lation which reason itself seeks that it may be able to peer into its future destiny. Here is a faith and creed, a moral law ordering a certain action, and now declared in' tho imago of G-odand sacrifice, the highest possible form, of worship, and the clearest sign of man's desire of reconcilia tion with God. ]3ut unfortunately tho sons of Noah fell from their obedienco to God, forgot His mercy in having saved them from the flood, and influenced by the passions of their nature, and by tho pride of their hearts, they sought to make themselves liko to God. Then we know ensued tho confusion of tongues, and it is a curious fact that the multiplicity of gods and the confusion of tongues commenced at the one time. They fell from the worship of God, and set up themselves gods as their inclinations dictated ; great men of old were adored, the sun, moon, stars, were worshipped, as if they were a divinity. And not only that, but they descended to the adoration of sticks and stones. Tho Greeks adored Zeus, a statue, of Plddias, and the Egyptians even knelt down and prayed to onions and garden, stuff, as if they could not go sufficiently low to provo to what base idiotey the mind of man may descend when ho hao lost eight of tho Almighty God. (Applause.) These people prove how natural religion is, and how, lost to the one, the imagi nation creates gods for adoration. Speaking of the statue adoration, Minucius details the for mation of a god most clearly. Ho says : ' When doss tho god come into existence ? He is cast and carved : he is joined together, painted, and erected, and he is not yet a god. Behold he becomes at length a god, when man vrants him to be so, and consecrates him.' Here, instead of God making man, man makeu God. How debased a notion of a divinity iG given bj this description ; while perhaps tho most osalfced of a pagan writer is given by Sophocles, who speaks of that holy purity ' of word and deed whose laws arc in scribed on high, born in the celestial sky, whose sire is heaven alone, nor hath the mortal nature of man produced them, nor will oblivion even lull them to sleep. In these God is great, and grows not old.' This is beautiful language, but there is no power in it. He would say the same of a great man. There is no notion of a j-;-eat Creator's dignity marked in those words of | Sophocles. It is so different from Christianity | where the mind, in considering God, cainut lose J the feeling that He is tho Lord and Creator of heaven and earth. iriutarch says, speaking 01 the universality of religion : — ' If you travel over the whole world you may possibly find place:- de prived of walls, letters, houses and laws, riches and coins ; but no man has ever seen a place des titute of temples and gods, a place that did not, use i prayors, oaths, and oracle- : that did not make ! offering to the Deity in order to obtain favours and avert evils. :: Cicav says : — ' We know by nature that we muet revere and vencrat o God ; nor is there any man who does not perceive ; the law v.hich prescribes this duty ; and yet,' he j says, 'wo are -:umprll..xi, by the disagree- j incuts of the wi:-;'\ to be ignorant of our own Lord and Killer. We know not whether wo are subject;- ui' tho .Tin, ov ether.'' How confuted is tho niiu'l of i 1 1 o grout philosopher: with his jreat genius, yet his intelligent mind, having lost sight of the true God, would ascribe divinity he knows not where — may be to the sun, may be the air. That such opinions of the Divinity have certainly been held is a fact, although it seems inconceivable that tho aberrations of man kind should lead them so far away from the truth that they worshipped statues and stones, onions and garden stuff, animals and reptiles, and creep so low a3 to offer to such things praise, adoration, and glory, that is due only to the Almighty God, Ruler of heaven and earth. (Applause.) So far did idolatry go, and so blind and abject was the adoration to the statues they set up, that the priests who offered up the sacri fices to them were altogether despised and looked upon as being of no importance compared to the wood, or marble before which they were officiating. His Grace then referred to tho writings of Suetonius, and read other quotations regarding the conditions of Rome up to only five years before Christ. He depicted tho miserable creatures the Roman slaves were, the abject tyranny exorcised over them by their masters, who saorificed hun dreds and thousands in the Amphitheatre to gratify their passion for blood. Vespasian, Caligula, and other emperors, finding how superstitious the people were, and considering themselves more elovated than the blocks they worshipped, creatod themselves gods, and the wretched peoplo sacri ficed bullocks and other animals to appease their wrath, and even after their death to prevent their departed spirits returning and troubling them. One day while Caligula was in tho Amphitheatre watching tho contest of leopards and slaves, a thunderstorm came on, and tho roaring of thunder and the flashing of light ning caused tho proceedings to be stopped. The Emperor rose up, and in the midst of profound silence, cried out with blasphemous words, ' Stop thy thunder, oh Jupiter, for there is ono God in heaven and earth, and he is Caligula, the Em peror of Rome.' (Applause.) Ab an instance of treatment of slaves by tho Romans, he mentioned that at one time 10,000 slaves wero placed together in tho Amphitheatre, and fought to gether for 123 days 'to make a Roman holiday.' Five years before Christ there wero 650,000 slaves in Rome ; men and women with souls like ours, but so sunk in ignoraneo and depravity that they had no minds, no religion, no God, but their tyrannical and despotic masters. And now tho timo camo when all this had to como to an end, and if thoy could only imagine how thio degradation had sunk into tho vitals of the Roman Empire, and how tho emperors had fixed the temples of paganism upon the most feeble basis, had domineered over every intellect and every heart, and every man and woman. When thoy considered how mighty was this Roman Empire, they might then see how great was the work done by Jesus Christ and the Church which He established for the regenera tion, purification, and rise of num. He now came to speak of the present day, tho present 19th century, but it wn.s necessary of him to speak of the Roman Empire, in order that they might understand how great was the revolution which had been effected. Let them fix their mind and hoart and love upon Jesus Christ, and they would see how much they wero indebted to Him. They knew that at this day there was a spirit of infidelity abroad. No man or nation ever believed in any prophet, prophecy, or so-called revelation from God, unless that prophet spoke with authority. Thoro wero four corner-stones which made up the revelation of God, and there was a fifth one, which he felt so assured of that he could die for it, he was so convinced in his own mind by the strength of those arguments. He said this in no spirit of heroism, but simply as a matter of fact, because he knew if he were to deny it God would punish him eternally. He took two great books, and Christ, and the result of His life and labours, as the four corner-stones. There was the Old Testament, which in every pugc spoke of the promise of a Messiah, and this Messiah was so fully spoken of, that if they compared the prediction with its fulfilment, they could trace the whole of Christ's life as repre sented in the Old Testament. The second corner stone was the New Testament. In this he saw how the bid prophecies were fulfilled more than a thousand years after they had been uttered. In all this he saw the wisdom of God. In the New Testament they saw Christ found a kingdom, and how and by what means did He found it. He took twelve pour iguurant labouring men, and said to them : ' Go, preach the Gospel throughout the world and unto every creature ;' and they all knew the result ; they were there that night as a proof of the efficacy of those words. He spoke with authority, such as none had ever done be fore— ' Whose' sins you shall forgive they are forgiven. Tho gales' of hell shall not prevail M.rrn.insf it, ' A nri To f l-nsr- nonv men Ho frave nower to convert the world. When they saw and con sidered all that had been done in testimony of His divinity, they must be blind indeed if they were not convinced that He had shown us His divinity and glory. If they would but read those books with careful attention they would como to this conclusion, and say that Christ is God. And these men and those who came after them con verted the whole Roman Empire. They never heard of any nnin who, be he prophet, conjurer, or juggler, wished to make himself great, allow another to kill him, or put him upon a cross, leave him there till he was dead, bury him, place a heavy stone and guard of soldiers over the tomb, ami then say he would, and did, rise again. There iicwm- was an. instance, except that of Lazarus, who came to life at the command of Christ, of a man, after lying dead, rising again. Yet Christ did this, for the fact of his deathno one could attempt to deny, and His resurrection was equally certain. He walked and talked with His disciples, afl.ur His resurrection, at divers times and places. .Ho was seen by 500 ol! them at one time, and these twelve poor men. coming forth iu the strength of unswerving belief, were able to sway, not merely the poor and ignorant, but the rich* and learned. When they heard him .(the lecturer) say this, they might perhaps says it is all very well for him. a clergymen, to say so ; it was a duty. He did not, for him self, attach much importance to this sort or. argument, tor no matter whether the speaker was an archbishop, a bishop, clergyman, or layman, all they had to look to was his arguments, and if they commended themselves to their reason they should adopt them. But he would quote the opinion of one who has not a clergyman ; one who was in every sense a man of the world. He would quote the fol lowing words of Napoleon the first, written in his banishment when he had time to think — 'I have beon accustomed to put before me the examples of Alexander and Caesar, with the hope of rival ling their exploits, and living in the minds of men for ever. Yet, after all, in what sense does Caesar, in what sense does Alexander, live ? Who knows or care anything about them P At best, nothing but their names is known, for who among the multitude or men, who hear or who utter their names, really know anything about their lives or their deeds, or attach to those names any definite idea ? Nay even their names do but flit up and down the world like ghosts mentioned only on particular occasions, or from accidental associations. Their chief home is the schoolroom ; they have a foremost place in boys' grammars and exercise-books ; they are splendid examples for themes ; they form writing copies. So low is heroic Alexander fallen ; so low is imperial Cajsar ?ul pueris ?placeant el declamatio jiant. ' But on the contrary, there is just one name in the whole world that lives ; it is the name of One who passed His years in obscurity, and who died a malefactor's death. Eighteen hundred years have gone since that time, but still it has its hold upon the human mind, it has possessed tho world and its maintains possession. Amid the most varied nations, under the most diversified circum stances, in the most cultivated, in the midst of races and intellects, in all classes of society, the owner of the great name reigii3. High and low, rich and poor acknowledge Him. Millions of bou13 are conversing with Him. We, venturing on His word, are looking for His presence. Palaces — sumptuous, innumerable — are raised to His honour. His image, as in the how of His deepest humiliation, is triumphantly dis played in the proud city, in the open country, in the corners of streets, on the top of mountains, it sanctifies the ancestial hall, the closet, and the bed-chamber ; it is the subject for the exorcis-o of tho highest gonius in the imitative arts. It is worn next tho heart in life, it is held before the failing eye*» in death. Here. then, m one who is not a mere name, who is not a more fiction, who is a reality. He is dead and gone, but still He lives — lives as the living, energetic thought of successive generations, as the awful motive power of a thousand great events. He has done without effort, what others with life -long strug gles have not done. Can Ho bo less than Divine ? Who is He but the Creator Himself, who is sove reign over His own works, towardc whom our .: eyes and hearts turn instinctively, because He is our Father and our God.' Even the most scoff ing of modern infidels (I allude to the impious Koman) is forced, after studying the life of Jesus, to exclaim that the influence of the inten sity of Christ's nature, ' evon at this day and hour directs the destinies of humanity.' Dm1' ing thousands ami thousands of years,' he con linues, speaking as it were, to the Saviour, ' dur ing thousands and thousands of years tho world shall wish to seek out in Thee tho oxemplar according to which it shall wish to model its life, which is troubled by our contradictions. Thou shalt be the standard round which shall be fought the fiercest of battles, living a. thousand times more after Thy death than during Thy passage on earth. Thou shalt become the corner-stone of humanity to such a degree that to take away Thy name out of the world would be in truth to shake the world to its very foundations.' And as Raynard, who wrote a most shallow, iinpous book against our Lord, was forced to exclaim, 'That if the name of Christ was taken away, tho foundation of the world would be shaken.' Great was .the revolution which [Christianity had worked in the political order of the Roman Empire. Three words He ? addressed to all those who would believe them. ' I give them a worship and a sacrifice,' ' My . flesh is meat indeed,' and ' My blood is drink indeed.' His Grace then referred to the stead- ..?;:.,. fastness with which Christians had stood by and '??? suffered for their faith nol only in Ireland, Poland, in England, in Scotland, bub in every other nation of the world. Men who believed in the revela tion of Jesus Christ stood firm in this belief, - and ho took care to mention that; this firmness, under persecution and trial, did not belong exclusively to any one Christian Church, but was shared in more or less by them all — in itself a striking difference to what was known in the pagan world. Moreover, Christianity not only bettered the state of mankind in its creed, in its morality, in its worship, but it also kept Caisar in his place — 'leaving to God the things which are God's, and to Coesar the things which are Cesar's.' Lot not Oscar touch the great work of God, nor meddle with it ; let Caesar remember that, and if he does so, they in their turn would support him upon his throne. But not only iu the political world, but also in the social world, did Christ create 'a great revolution. Men were treated as beasts till our Lord came for the relief of the poor, for tho slave, for the oppressed. Slavery was done away with. Instances of the wonderful fortitude of two female saints, Sts. . Potamibena and Affra, under torture, were in duced to show how Christ's law elevated slaves, ? find won the admiration of all who beheld them. Christ; came to save the slave and the sinner. Men felt themselves brethren, and not only that, but even this kindness was extended to animals. He then quoted a beautiful prayer of St. Francis of Assisssiuin, in which God was praised for all His works. Our Lord went about doing good, acting with tenderness, kindness, and charity to all who needed His divine help, and this teuderness of tho Christian law was contrasted with the cruelty of the Roman people. And it was Christianity that brought purity of life. Purity of life was unknown, and not understood by pagan Rome. He dared not speak of, and could scarcely reler to me state ol the relations between man and woman in. those days. The law of Christ not only made man pure Avithout, but pure within. It taught men to look upon woman with respect, with love, treating her purely, holily, because our Lord's mother was a woman. ; In conclusion his Grace referred to the fact that they were living in a democratic age — he did not wish it to be thought he spoke it as a rebuke — and he believed the age would become more and more democratic, and the people will have their own, way more and more, and it was necessary, there fore, that they should be governed more and more by Him who gave them power to govern themselves. It was necessary for them to keep their Christianity intact in them — to hold by it as firmly as to a rock, for it might be their salva tion, and it certainly would be their help and strength. De Tocquovillo, whom they knew wrote on democracy in America, spoke as 'follows of the Catholic Church. He did not jjquote it because he (his Grace) was a Catholic, nor did he quote it in a controversial spirit ; but because they all admitted that tho Catholic Church was a great force. Catholicity had spread with rapid strides in America, and without meaning to com pare Australia with America — for ho did not know if it would be taken as a compliment — (laughter) — he believed when he died there woidd bo some Catholics in Australia — ' America is the most democratic country iu tho Avorid, and it is at the same timo (according to reports ?worthy of belief) tho country in which the Roman Catholic religion makes most progress. At iirst sight this is surprising. Two things must here be accurately distinguished. Equality inclines to wish to form their own opinions ; but, on the other- hand, it imbues them with tho taste and idea of unity, and impartiality in the powor which governs society. Men living in democratic ages are therefore very prono to shako off all religious authority, but if thoy consent; to subject themselves to any authority of this kind, they chooiio at least, that it should bo single and uniform. Religiouo powers not radiating from a common centra are naturally repugnant f:o their minds ; and thoy almost as readily conceive that there should be no religion as that there should be several. At the present time, more than in any preceding one, Roman Catholics are soen to lapse to infidelity, and Protestant :i to be converted to Roman Catholicism. If tho Roman Catholic faith bo considered within tho paio oi' tho Church, it would t'som to be losing groiind ; wilhoxit that pale, to be gaimng it. Nor is the circumstance difficult of explanation. The men of our days are naturally little disposed to believe 5 but, as soon a3 they have any religion. they immediately find in themselves a latent propensity which urges ther.i unconsciously towards Catholicism. Many of the doctrines and practices of 'the Roman Church astonish them ; Imt they feel a secret admiration for its diciplino. and its great unity attracts them. KCa'iholu Urn could at length with draw itself from the political animosities to ?which it has given rise, Tivive h:v.'Hv nrtv doubt but that the sa-me ?-:»? ir ? ' !' -f!i ap pears to be so opposed to it, wouKL j-!-;ome so fayourablo as to admit of its great and sudden advancement. One of the most ordinary weak nesses of the humali intellect, is to aeek to recon cile contrary principles, and to purchase peace at the expense of logic. .- Tims, there have ever been, and will ever be, men v-ho; after having submitted some portion ot their religious belief to the principle of authority, will seek to exempt several other parts of their faith from its in fluence, and to keep their minds floating at ran dom between liberty and obedience. But 1 am incliued to believe that the number of these thinkers will be le.-s in democratic than in other ages, and that our posterity will tend more and, more to a single division into- two parts-^some relinquishing Christianity entirely, others ^return-. ing to the- bosom of (he Ohiu'eh of 'Ilpme. j' jjle. ? gave the quotation simply as ar matter.. ;pf interest; as showing how large a numbe,r;bl | .jperjspnsiyvvho : do not believe in Catholicity., ^apknowleclgOoher.. great power and inHuen^o.ryjIii/ his ... country,; England, people used . to- say;,; .and \,they ;\yere, all Protestants: — ' Well, ;the; Catholic religion ?was the first religion, and;;it will bo ;tho iast.' His Grace then sat down, amidst ,_- loud; and ,.con-; tinued applause. ' .1 ..;:: .' : : : His Worship the Mayor '.tuinpUTicfd that the ; Archbishop would lecture, a gain on , »:»»r''.. ^Vy evening, the title being, 'The Schooio ui: our Fathers.' . . .????.?. : Bishop Crane, in a few pithy words, moved a vote of thanks to the chairman, and the meeting dispersed. 