THE FOURTH PART. CHAPTER XVI. It was only the 20th of September when Agnes and the children reached Paris. Mrs. Norbury and brother Francis had then already started on their journey to Italy—at least three weeks before the date at which the new hotel was to open for the reception of travellers. The person answerable for this premature departure was Francis Westwick. lake his younger brother Henry, he had increased his pecuniaiy resources by his own enterprise and ingenuity, with this difference—that his speculations were connected with the Arts. He had made money in the first instance by a weekly newspaper, and he had then invested his profits in a London theatre. This latter enterprise, admirably conducted, had been rewarded by the public with steady and liberal encouragement. Pondering over a new form of theatrical attraction for the coming winter seasen, Francis had determined to revive the languid public taste for the " ballet" by means of an entertainment of his own invention, combining dramatic interest with dancing. He was now accordingly in search of the best dancer (possessed of the indispensable personal attractions) who was to be found in the theatres of the Continent. Hearing from his foreign correspondents of two women who had made successful first appearances, one at Milan and one at Florjence, he had arranged to visit those cities, and to judge of the merits of the dancers for himself before he joined the bride and bridegroom. His widowed sister, having friends at Florence whom Bhe was anxious to see, readily accompanied him. The Montbarrys remained at Paris until it was time to present themselves at the family meeting in Venice. Henry found them still in the French capital when he arrived from London, on his way to the opening of the new hotel. Against Lady Montbarry's advice, he took the opportunity of renewing hia addresses to Agnes. He could, hardly have chorea a more unpropitious time for pleading his cause with her. The gaieties of Faris (quite incomprehensibly to her-q self, as well as to etety one about her),5j hkd a depressing effect on her spirits. She ] hkd no illness to complain of ; she shared "» willingly in the ever-varying succession 1 of amusements offered to strangers by the ingenuity of the liveliest people in the world—but nothing roused her; she remained persistently dull and weary through it alL In this frame of mind and bpdy she was m no humour^ to receive Henry's ill-timed addresses with favour, or teven ?tfth jpatience; she plainly-Mid positively refused to listen to him. Why do you remind me of what Lhave suffered V die asked petulantly. Don't you see that it has left its marie on me foc life?" " " - ~ " " ' • • ; "I thought I knew something of women by jjhfr^fa^e^-Jjlabiyyi^ privately. to Lady M&ntbarrv; ^for consolstion; '' but Agneseompletoly^u^lesBie. ~t ; is^a ye^^ceMon tbanysdfcath,; jgjid• lie remains as devoted t6 his'n^anpry' .is if,he-had died faithful to hCT;,shestin feels the lose of him, as none of m feplit!" i • -i"-She is the truest woman who ever bi^athed the breath of life/^I^yMjjnt- W7 *p»wered. ahd you wiUwiderstwdher.^Can ,sncha ir^nianai Agnes^givelier loroor refuse^ it, Tding.to circumstances?- Becaose the" was. unworthy ^fra* he letfr&e; of her choice! l ^ triiiwtriwd tNaBt friend to 3am (little .as fie^desnnri^l it) in his lifetime-; she oatiupJ^^T^nDwa^; £jte, truest sind best friend to hkmemory now.. If jyou reidly kxve her, wait; and trust to " est feenda^to time aadtpme. There is my .advice; let. your, owii Experience decide whether it is not the best advice ,I.c$b. ofier.. Bgrame your jojirney to Venice to-morrow, and when you take leave of Agnes, 'sptytlc'to her' as cordially as if nothing had h&fgvened.;" jHenxy wisely , followed this advice. Thoroughly UQ^standii^ lum, Agnes made the leave-taking friendly and pleasant on her side. .Whei* lie stopped at the door for a last look at her, Bhe hurriedly turned her head, so that her face was hidden from him. Was that a good sign ? Lady Montbarry, accompanying Henry down the Btairs, said, " Yea, decidedly! Write when you get to Venice. We shall wait hereto receive letters from Arthur and his wife, and.we shall time our departure for Italy accordingly." A week passed, and no letter came from Henry. Some days later a telegram-was received from him. It was dispatched from Milan, instead of from Venice; and it brought this strange message:—"I have left the hotel. Will return on the arrival of Arthur and his wife. Address, meanwhile, Albergo Reale, Milan." Preferring Venice before all other cities of Europe, and having arranged to remain there until the family meeting took place, what unexpected event had led Henry to alter his plans, and why did he state the bare fact without adding a word of explanation 1 Let the narrative follow him —and find the answer to those questions at Venice. CHAPTER XVH. The Palace Hotel, appealing for encouragement mainly to English and American travellers, celebrated the opening of its doors, as a matter of course, by the giving of a grand banquet, and the delivery of a long succession of speeches. Delayed on his journey, Henry Westwick only reached Venice in time to join the guests over their coffee and cigars. Observing the splendour of the Teeeption rooms, and taking note especially of the artful mixture of comfort and luxury in the bedchambers, he began to share the old nurse's view of the future, and to contemplate seriously the coming dividend of 10 per cent. The hotel was beginning well, at all events. So much interest in the enterprise had been aroused, at home and abroad, by profuse advertising, that the whole accommodation of the building had been secured by travellers of all nations for the opening night. Henry only obtained one of the small rooms on the upper floor by a lucky accident—the absence of the gentleman who had written to engage it. He was quite satisfied, and was on his way to bed, when another accident altered his prospects for the night, and moved him into anotlier and a better room. Ascending on his way to the higher regions as far as the first floor of the hotel, Henry's attention was attracted by an angiy voice protesting, in a strong New England accent, against one of the greatest hardships that can be inflicted on a citizen of the United States—the hardship of sending him to bed without gas in hiR room. The Americans are not only the most hospitable people to be found on the face of the earth—they are (under certain conditions) the most patient and goodtempered people as well. But they are human; and the • limit of American endurance is found in the obsolete institution of a bedroom candle. The American traveller, in the present case, declined to believe that his bedroom was in a completely finished state without a gas burner. The Manager pointed to the fine antique decorations (renewed and regilded) on the walls and the ceiling, and explained that the emanations of burning gas-light would certainly spoil them in the course of a few months. To this the traveller replied that it was possible, but that he did not understand decorations. A bedroom with gas in it was what he was used to, what he wanted, and was what he was determined to have. The compliant Manager volunteered to ask some other gentleman, housed on the inferior upper storey (which was lit throughout with gas), to change rooms. Hearing this, and being quite willing to exchange a small bedchamber for a large one, Henry volunteered to be the other gentleman. The excellent American shook hands with him on the spot. " You are a cultured person, Sir,' he said; "and you will no doubt understand the decorations." gHenry looked at the number of the room on the door as he opened it. The number was fourteen. Tired and sleepy, he naturally anticipated a good night's rest. In the thoroughly healthy state of his nervous system he slept as well in a bed abroad as in ajbed at home. Without the slightest assignable reason, however, his just expectations were disappointed. The luxurious bed, the well-ventilated room, the jdelicious tranquillity of Veoioe by night—all were in favour of his sleeping ; welL He never slept at all. An indescribable sense of defrossion and discoml fort kept him jwakiiig_i;hrough darkness and dayfi^it ali^ . H^ 'went down to the coffee-room as soon as the hotel was astir, and M " ordered some breakfast. Another unaccountable change in himself appeared with the appearance of tiie meaL He was absolutely without appetite. An excellent omelette and cutlets cooked to per- : fection lie .sent away untasted—he whose appetite never Failed him, whose digestion was still equal to any demands on itt i The day wai bright and fine; He pent for a gondola and was rowed to tha Lido. : jOat on. the airy, iagoon he felt like a new man. : He had not'left the hotel ten minutes before he was fest a^eep in' the gondblv a feorning's^wjra ui tlie Adxiatic.: SHieca ontheislaod in now. ^^^dto hro^Se a He coold hardly telieve when he reflected on it; that he had sent away:' untested his-, es^ellent breakfast at the fcoteL - iReturning to Venice lie spsnt the rfeqg ofj the. dafc in the mctare. gjiril&ies; : the churches. towards ox o'clock his , £rin^t<*k ..him aaotiur fine ^ •^petite jto> meet some , travelling • ae« quaintancea with whom he hadebgngett^tto dine at-the t&leiPhdte.;"* ". " ' . jThe' :dinner 'was deservedly rexrarded with the highest approval by oveiy guegt • in the hotel frpt To the appetite with whtch hb haid entered the house f tnye£eriously aftd 'completely dowii'tp. He ^nM iii(t^i,^ane wixw, tint. lie m>jald UteraSj eat piotbiog. V WJiat in the wei&L; is .the matter :with yon ?" liis jtraveUiag acquaintances asked. He could honestly answer, <( I know- no more than yotti%";-~ • • When"night came : he gave hia comfortable ahdbeautiful bedroom amotfier trial.. The result of the second experiment was a repetition of the result of the first. Again he felt the all-pervading sense ; ol depression and discomfort. , Again. he passed a sleepless night. And once more, when he tried to e^t his breakfast, his appetite completely failed him. This personal experience of the nevr hotel was too extraordinary to be passed over in silence. Henry mentioned it to his friends in the pubEc' room, in the hearing of the Manager. r The Manager, naturally zealous in. defence of the hotelj was a little hurt at the implied reflection cast on Number Fourteen. Hel invited travellers present to judge for themselves whether Mr. Westwick's bedroom was to blame for Mr. Westwick's sleepless nights; and he especially appealed to a greyheaded gentleman, a guest at the breakfast-table of an English traveller, to take the lead in the investigation. " This is Dr. Bruno, our first physician in Venice," he explained. "Iappeal to him to say if there are any unhealthy influences in Mr. Westwick's room." Introduced to Number Fourteen the doctor looked round him with a certain appearance of interest which was noticed by every one present. " The last time I was in this room," he said, " was on a melancholy occasion. It was before the palace was changed into an hotel. I was in professional attendance on an English nobleman who died here." One of the persons present enquired the name of the nobleman. Doctor Bruno answered (without the slightest suspicion that he was speaking before a brother of the dead man), " Lord Montbarry." Henry quietly left the room without saying a word to anybody. He was not, in any sense of the term, a superstitious man. But he felt, nevertheless, an insurmountable reluctance to remaining in the hotel. He decided on leaving Venice. To ask for another room would be, as he could plainly see, an oflence in the eyes of the Manager. To remove to another hotel would be to openly abandon an establishment in the success of which he had a pecuniary interest. Leaving a note for Arthur Barville, on his arrival in Venice, in which he merely mentioned that he had gone to look at the Italian lakes, and that a line addressed to his hotel at Milan would bring him back again, he took the afternoon train to Padua, and dined with his usual appetite, and slept as well as ever that night. The next day a gentleman and his wife, returning to England by way of Venice, arrived at the hotel, and occupied Number Fourteen. Still mindful of the slur that had been cast on one of his best bedchambers, the Manager took occasion tc ask the travellers the next morning how they liked their room. They left him to judge for himself how well they were satisfied by remaining a day longer in Venice than they had originally planned to do, solely for the purpose of enjoying the excellent accommodation offered to them by the new hotel. " We have met with nothing like it in Italy," they saijl; " you may rely on our recommending you. to all our friends." . On the day when Number Fourteen was again vacant an English lady travelling alone with her maid arrived at the hotel, saw the room, and at once engaged it. The lady was Mrs. Norbury. She had left Francis Westwick at Milan, occupied in negotiating for the appearance at his theatre of the new dancer at the Scala. Not having heard to the contrary, Mrs. Norbury supposed that Arthur Barville and his wife had already arrived at Venice. She was more interested .in meeting the young married couple than in waiting the result of the hard bargaining which delayed the engagement of the new dancer ; and she volunteered to make her brother's apologies if his theatrical business caused him to be late in keeping his appointment at the honeymoon festival. Mrs. Norbuiy's experience of Number Fourteen differed entirely from her brother Henry's experience of the room. Falling asleep as readily as usual,: her repose was disturbed by a succession of frightful dreams, the central figure in every one of them being the figure of her dead brother, the first Lord Montbarry. She saw him starving in a loathsome prison; she saw him pursued by asBasnns, and ;dying under their knives; she saw him drowning in immeasurable depths of dark water; she saw him in abed on fire, burning to death in the flames ; die saw him tempted by a shadowy creature to drink, and dying of the poisonous draught. The reiterated horror of these dreams had such: an effect on her. that ehe^rose with the dawn of day, afraid "to trust herself again in bed. To thft old times the had b^en noted in the family as the one Dumber of it who lived on affectionate terms with Montbarry. His other sister add his brothers - were : constantly quarrelling with him. Evpn; his mother owned that her eldest son was, of all her children, the child whom she ieast liked. Sensible and resolute woman as die was, Mrs. Norbury shuddered with terror , as she! sat at the window of her room, witching the aunrise, and thinking of htr. dreams. jShe made the first excuse that occurred to her 'whet her maid came'm; at the usual hour,' and noticed how illshe loolced. temperament it ,w,ould -have been in the last degree. indiscreet to trust her w}th' the truth. ; Mrs. Norbury merely remarked that^eh»inotfoundthobeQ \- ----- '{halaige aiteef it. . She ?was accusom* at hofUQ, i^hermaid knew,.to sleepinasmall bed Informed: iof this -objection later in ' the i -di,y the Manager regretted that .he could biily offer to ! the Udy ti^ <^(Hce of one chamber iwhioh :ahe : desux*l to leave. "Mrs. > "Norbwy - adegpted- the proposed changeof Quarters. She .wps now-aboa J occupiedj ifi-tiiei oldlday8 ; of the palace by Bfeon Em*. J." -' mora ^she -fell as usoaL . -one©' more the <rigtftful dreams of pqual to the ;,cenevred'tewture of , terror inflicted on them. ~ She threw . ion her di^essing-gowti, and rushed but 'of her Topm"in the middle of ^he night. The porter, - alarmed by the. Jbabgihg. of, the door, met her, hunying. heauong down thB stairs in search of ) the first human being die could -find to keep! her compa^y. Considerably Burprised at thfclast new manifestation of ; the 'famous "English ec<»ntricity^'': tjie, man Rooked at the hotel je^ster,.,and led. the lady upstairs again- to. ihe: room occupied by her maid. - The maid was not«deep, and ihore wonderful still was not even undressed. She received her mistress quietly. When they were alone, and when Mrs. Norbuiy had as a matter jof necessity taken her, attendant into her confidence, the woman made a very strange reply. ' " I have been asking about the hotel at the'.servants'supper to-night," .she said. " The valet of one of the gentlemen staying here has heard that the late Lord Montbarry was the last person who lived in the palace before it was made into an hotel. The room he died in, ma'am, was the room you slept in last night. Your room to-night is the room just above it. I said nothing for fear of frightening you. For my own part I have passed the night .as you see keeping my light in, and reading my Bible. In my opinion no member of your family can hope to be happy or comfortable in this house." " What do you mean ?" "Please to let me explain myself, ma'am. When Mr. Henry Westwick was here (I have this from the valet, too) ; he occupied the room his brother died in (without knowing it), like you. For two nights he never closed his eyes. Without any reason for it (the valet heard him tell the gentleman in the coffee-room), he could not sleep ; he felt so low and so wretched in himself. And what is more, when daytime came he couldn't even eat while he was under this roof. You may laugh at me, ma'am, but even a servant may draw her own conclusions. . It's my conclusion that something happened to my Lord, which we none of us know about when he died-in this house. His ghost walks in torment until he can tell it! The living persons related to him are the persons who feel he is near them— the persons who may yet see him in the time to come. Don't, pray don't stay any longer in this dreadful place ! I wouldn't stay another night here myself, no not for anything that could be offered me!" Mrs. Norbury at once set her servant's mind at ease on the last point. "I don't think about it as you do," Bhe said gravely. "But I should like to speak to my brother of what has happened. We will go back to Milan." Some hours necessarily elapsed before they could leave the hotel by the first train in the forenoon. In that interval Mrs. Norbury's maid foupd.. an opportunity of confidentially informing the valet of what had passed between her mistress and herself. The valet had other friends to whom he related the | circumstances in his turn. In due -course of time the narrative, passing from mouth to mouth, reached the ears of the Manager. He instantly saw that the credit of the hotel was in danger unless something was - done to retrieve the character of the room numbered Fourteen. English travellers, well acquainted with the peerage of their native country, informed him that Henry Westwick and Mrs. Norbury were by no means the only members of the Montbarry family. Curiosity might bring more of them to the hotel after hearing what had happened. The! Manager's ingenuity easily hit on the obvious means of misleading them in this case. The numbers of all the rooms were enamelled in blue, on white china plates, screwed to the doors. He ordered a new plate to be prepared bearing the number "13A;" and he kept the room empty after its tenant for the time being had gone away, until the plate was ready. He then renumbered the room, placing the removed Number Fourteen on the door of his own room (on the second floor), which, not being to let, had not previously been numbered at all. By this device Number Fourteen disappeared at once and for ever from the books of the hotel as the number of a bedroom to let. Having warned the servants to beware of gossiping with travellers on the subject of the changed numbers, tinder penalty of being dismissed, the Manager composed his mind with the reflection that he had done his duty to his employers. " Now," he thought to himself, with an excusable sense of triumph, " let the whole family come here if they like. The hotel is a match for them." CT PsEFBcnoiT.—Mrs. S. A Aixkm's World's Hair iEwstorer (the Genokie only in -Pink Paper Wrapper*) never Ul&to; mton grwy faalr to' its yontfafnl colour, imparting to it new life, rrowth, and. lfutrou )MMit7. Its actitn it certain and thorouji. qtdolr banishing preynesu. It is not a dye. 2t ever prorai itself the natural strengtkener of the hair. Its raperiority and excellence are established throughout the world. Wholesale of FKLTON, GBIM- Co., Melbourne and ^retaU. of all Chemist! I and Perfnmeis tbronchont th» Coloniet | 85t»t81r207 