Macleod of Dare By WILLIAM. BLACK, AUTHOR or " THE PRINCESS OF ' THULE," ETC. nm CHAPTER XXXIV. that THE EMPIRE. At NEXT morning, with all this wonderful world of sea and islands shining in the early sunlight, Mr. White and his daughter were down by the shore, walking along the white sands, and chatting idly as they went. From time to time they looked across the fair summer seas to the distant cliffs of Bourg and each time they looked a certain white speck seemed coming nearer. That was the Umpire and Keith Macleod was on board of her. He had started at an unknown hour of the night to bring the yacht over from her anchorage. He would not have his beautiful Fionaghal, who had come as a stranger to these far lands, go back to Dare in a common open boat with stones for ballast. "This is the loneliest place I have ever seen," Miss Gertrude White was saying on this the third morning after her arrival. "It seems scarcely in the world at all. The Bea cuts you off from everything you know ; it would have been nothing if we had come by rail." They walked on in silence, the blue waves beside them curling a crisp white on the smooth sands. '' Pappy," said she at length, " I suppose if I lived here for six months no one in England would remember anything about me ? If I were mentioned at all, they would think I was dead. Perhaps some day I might meet some one from England and I would have to say, ' Don't you know who I am ? Did you never hear of one called Gertrude "White ? I was Gertrude White,"' No doubt," said her father, cautiously. "And When Mr. Lemuel portrait of me appears in the Academy people would be saying, 1 Who is that Miss Gertrude White as Juliet ? Ab, there was an actress of that name. Or was she an amateur ? She married somebody in the Highlands, I suppose she is dead now V " " It is one of the most gratifying instances, Gerty, of the position you have made, her father observed, in his slow and sententious way, " that Mr. Lemuel should be willing, after having refused to exhibit at the Academy for so many years, to make an exception in the case of your portrait." -"Well, I hope my face will not get burned by the, sea-air and the sun," she said. " You know he wants two or three more sittings. And do you know, pappy, I have sometimes thought of asking you to tell me honestly-not to encourage ma with flattery, you know whether my face has really that high strung pitch of expression when I am about to drink the poison in the cell. Do I really look like Mr. Lemuel's portrait of me! " It is your very self, Gerty," her father said with decision. " But then Mr. Lemuel is a man of genius. Who but himself could have caught the very soul of your acting and fixed in on can- vas?" She hesitated for a moment, and then there was a flush of genuine enthusiastic pride mantling on her forehead as she said frankly " Well, then I wish I could see myself !" Mr. White said nothing KB and watched this rUngie of MR through the long winter months. Occasionally, when he heard her utter sentiments such as these- and when he saw her keenly sensitive to the flattery bestowed upon her by the people assembled at Mr. Lemuel's little gatherings-he had asked himself whether it was possible she could ever marry Sir Keith Macleod. But he was too wise to risk re-awakening her rebellious fits by any encouragement. In any case, he had some experience of this young lady and what was the use of combating one of her moods at five o'clock, when at six o'clock she would be arguing in the contrary direction, and at Seven convinced that the via media was the straight road ? Moreover, if the worst came to the worst, there would be some compensation in the fact of Miss White changing her name for that of Lady Macleod. Just as quickly she changed her mood on the present occasion. She was looking again far over the darkly blue and ruffled sea towards the white-sailed yacht. " He must have gone away in the dark to get that boat for us," said she, musingly. " Poor fellow, how very generous and kind he is ! Sometimes shall I make the confession, pappy 1 -I wish he had picked out someone who could better have returned his warmth of feeling." She called it a confession ; but it was a question. And her father answered more bluntly than she had quite expected. "I am not much of an authority on such points," said he with a dry smile. "But I should have said, Gerty, that you have not been quite so effusive towards Sir Keith Macleod as some young ladies would have been on meeting their sweetheart after a long absence." The pale face flushed, and she answered hastily ?" But you know, papa, when you are knocked about from one boat to another, and expecting to be ill one minute, and drowned the next, you don't have your temper improved, do you ? And then perhaps you have been expecting a little too much romance and you find your Highland chieftain handing down loaves, with all the people in the steamer staring at him. But I really mean to make it up to him, papa, if I could only get settled down for a day or two and get into my own ways. Oh, dear me this sun-it is too awfully dreadful. When I appear before Mr. Lemuel again, I shall be a mulatto I" And as they walked along the shining Bands, with the waves monotonously breaking, the white-sailed yacht came nearer and more near and indeed the old Umpire, broad-leaved and heavy as she was, looked quite stately and swan- like as she came over the blue water. And they saw the gig lowered and the four oars keeping rhythmical time and presently they could make out the browned and glad face of Macleod. "Why did you take so much trouble ?" said she to him and she took his hand in a very kind way as he stepped on shore. " We could very well have gone back in the boat." " Oh, but I want to take you round by Loch Tua," said he, looking with great gratitude into those friendly eyes. " And it was no trouble at all. And will you step into the gig now ?" He took her hand and guided her along the rocks until she reached the boat and he assisted her father too. Then they pushed off and it was with a good swing the men sent the boat through the lapping waves. And here was Hamish standing by the gangway to receive them and he was gravely respectful to the stranger lady as he assisted her to get up the small wooden steps ; but there was no light of welcome in the keen gray eyes. He quickly turned away from her to give his orders for Hamish was on this occasion skipper, and had donned a smart suit of blue with brass buttons. Perhaps he would have been prouder of his buttons, and of himself, and of the yacht he had sailed for so many years, if it had been any other than Gertrude White who had now stepped on board. But on the other hand Miss White was quite charmed with this shapely vessel and all its contents. If the frugal ways and commonplace duties and conversation of Castle Dare had somewhat disappointed her, and had seemed to her not quite in accordance with the heroic traditions of the clans, here, at least, was something which she could recognise as befitting her The right of publishing "Macleod of Dare" in Waeeiidand has been purchased by the proprietors of 17in Vucflislaiicfcr. loch into e at the a ted dit boat was given the the it of ckly for had AUB. his had either d on mile 1 its place had 2d to heroic one 5 her notion of the name and position of Sir Keith Macleod. Surely it must be with a certain masterful sense of possession that he would stand on those white decks, independent of all the world besides, with those sinewy, sun browned, handsome fellows ready to go any- where with him at his bidding ! Presently she said, "Do you know, Keith, your yacht has a terrible bachelor look about it ? All the comforts of it are in this saloon and in those two nice little state-rooms. Your lady's cabin looks very empty ; it is too elegant and fine, as if you were afraid to leave a book or a matchbox in it. Now, if you were to turn this into a lady's yacht, you would have to remove that pipe rack, and the guns and lilies and bags." " Oh," said he anxiously, " I hope you do not smell any tobacco s" "Not at all," said she. "It was only a fancy. Of course you are not likely to turn your yacht into a lady's yacht." He started and looked at her. But she had spoken quite thoughtlessly, and had now turned to her father. When they went on deck again they found that the Umpire, beating up in the face of a light northerly breeze, had run out for a long tack almost to the Dutchman's Cap and from a certain distance they could see the grim shores of this desolate island, with its faint tinge of green grass over the brown of its plateau of rock. And then Hamish called out, " Ready about 1" and presently they were slowly leaving behind that lonely Dutchman and making away for the distant entrance to Loch Tua. The breeze was slight ; they made but little way ; for on the blue waters they watched the white gulls sitting buoyant and the sun was hot on their hands. What did they talk about in this summer idle- ness ? Many a time he had dreamed of his thus Sailing over the clear seas with the fair Fionaghal from the south, until at times his heart, grown sick with yearning, was ready to despair of the impossible. And yet here she was sitting on a deck-stool near him-the wide apart long lashed eyes occasionally regarding him-a neglected book open on her lap the small gloved hands toying with the cover. Yet there was no word of love spoken. There was only a friendly conversation, and the idle passing of a summer day. It was something to know that her breath- ing was near him. Then the breeze quite died away, and they were left altogether motionless on the glassy blue sea. The great sails hung limp, without a single flap or quiver in them ; the red ensign clung to the jigger mast ; Hamish, though he stood by the tiller, did not even put his hand on that bold and notable representation in wood of the Sea Serpent. " Come now, Hamish," MacLeod said, fear ing this monotonous idleness would weary his fair guest, " you will tell us now one of the old stories that you used to tell me when I was a boy." Hamish had indeed told the young Macleod many a mysterious tale of magic and adventure, but he was not disposed to repeat any one of these in broken English in order to please this lady from the South. " It is no more of the stories I beg now, Sir Keith," said he. " It was a long time since I had the stories." " Oh, I could construct one myself," said Miss White lightly. "Don't I know how they all begin Î There was once a king in Erin, and he had a son and this son it was who would take the world for his pillow. But before he set out on his travels he took counsel of the falcon, and the house, and the other. And the falcon said to him, Go to the right and the bodies said to him, You will be wise now if you go to the left ; but the other said to him, Now take my advice,' c c." " You have been a diligent student," Macleod said, laughing heartily. " And indeed you might go on with the story and NUMBER it for who knows now when we shall get back to Dare ?" It was after a long period of this lying in dead calm with the occasional appearance of a diver on the surface of the shining blue sea that Macleod's sharply observant eye was attracted by an odd thing that appeared far away at the horizon. "What do you think is that now?" said he with a smile. They looked steadfastly, and saw only a thin line of silver light, almost like the back of a knife, in the distant dark blue. " The track of a seal swimming under water, Mr. White suggested. " Or a shoal of fish," his daughter said. " Watch !" The sharp line of light slowly spread ; a trembling silver-grey took the place of the dark blue ; it looked as if invisible fingers were rushing out and over the glassy surface, Then they felt a cool freshness in the hot air ; the red ensign swayed a bit ; then the great mainsail flapped idly and finally the breeze came gently blowing over the sea, and on again they went through the now rippling water. And as the Blow time passed, in the glare of the sunlight, Staffa lay on the still water a dense mass of shadow and they went by Lungs and they drew near to the point of Gometra, where the black hearts were sitting on the exposed rocks. It was like a dream of sunlight and fair colors and Summer quiet. " I cannot believe," said she to him, " that all those fierce murders and revenges took place in such beautiful scenes as these. How could they?" And then, in the broad and still waters of Loch The, with the lonely rocks of Ulva close by them, they were again becalmed and now it was decided that they should leave the yacht there at certain moorings, and should get into the gig and be pulled through the shallow channel between Ulva and Mull that connects Loch's with Loch-na-Keal. Macleod had been greatly favored by the day chosen at haphazard for this water promenade at the end of it he was gladdened to hear Miss White say that she had never seen anything so lovely on the face of the earth. And yet it was merely a question of weather. To-morrow they might come back and find the water a ruffled leaden color ; the waves washing over the rocks ; Ben-More invisible behind driving clouds. But now, as those three sat in the stern of the gig, and were gently pulled along by the sweep of the oars, it seemed to one at least of them that she must have got into fairy land. The rocky shores of Ulva lay on one side of this broad and winding channel ; the flatter shores of Mull on the other and between lay a perfect mirror of water in which everything was BO accurately reflected that it was impossible to define the line at which the water and the land met. In fact so vivid was the reflection of the blue and white sky on the surface of the water that it appeared to her as if the boat was suspended in mid-air : a sky below, a sky above. And then the beauty of the landscape that enclosed this wonderful mirror-the soft green foliage above the Ulva rocks ; the brilliant yellow brown of the sea-weed, with here and there a gray heron standing solitary and silent as a ghost over the pools is ahead of them, towering above this flat and shining and beautiful landscape, the awful majesty of the mountains around Loch-na-Keal -the monarch of them, Ben-More, showing a cone of dark and thunderous purple under a long and heavy swathe of cloud. Far away, too, on their right, stretched the splendid rampart of the Gribun cliffs, a soft sunlight on the grassy green of their summits a pale and brilliant blue in the shadows of the huge and yawning caves. And so still it was, and the air so fine and sweet : it was a day for the idling of happy lovers. What jarred, then ? Not the silent appearance of the head of a seat in that shining plain of blue and white for the poor old fellow only regarded the boat for a second or two with his large and pathetic eyes, and then quietly disappeared. Perhaps is was this-that Miss White was leaning over the side of the boat, and admiring very much the wonderful hues of groups of seaward below, that were all distinctly visible in the marvellously clear water. There were beautiful green plants that spread their flat fingers on the silver-white sands and huge rolls of purple and sombre brown and long strings that came up to the surface-the traceries and decorations of these haunts of the mermaid, " It is like a pantomime," she said. " You would expect to see a burst of limelight and Neptune appearing with a silver trident and crown. Well, it only shows that the scene painters are nearer nature than most people imagine. I should never have thought there was anything so beautiful in the sea." And then again she said, when they had rounded Ulva, and got a glimpse of the open Atlantic again, " Where is it, Keith, you proposed to sink all the theatres in England, for the benefit of the dolphins and the lobsters ?" He did not like these references to the theatre. " It was only a piece of nonsense," said he abruptly. But then she begged him so prettily to get the men to sing the boat-Bong that he good humoredly took out a sheet of paper and a pencil and said to her " If I write it down for you, I must write it as it is pronounced. For how would you know that Fhir a beats, me here she, is pronounced Peer a value in Korea says !" " And perhaps, then," said she with a charming smile, " writing it down would spoil it altogether ? But you will ask them to sing it for me." He said a word or two in the Gaelic to Sandy, who was rowing stroke and Sandy answered with a short quick laugh of assent. " I have asked them if they would drink your health," ' Macleod said, " and they have not refused. It would be a great compliment to them if you would fill out the whisky yourself ; here is my flask." She took that formidable vessel in her small hands and the men rested on their oars and then the metal cup was passed along. Whether it was the dream, or whether it was the old familiar chorus they struck up Fhir a shade and here the). Phar a shade gave hero die) Fhir a shade and here the). Cltcad toire Braim laid the cloth a third is, certain it is that the boat swung forward with a new strength, and ere long they be held in the distance the walls of Castle Dare. And here was Janet at the small quay, greatly distressed because of the discomfort to which Miss White must have been subjected. " But I have just been telling Sir Keith," she said with a sweet smile, " that I have come through the most beautiful place I have ever seen in the world." This was not, however, what she was saying to herself when she reached the privacy of her own room. Her thoughts took a different turn. " And if it does seem impossible "-this was her inward speech to herself-" that those wild murders should have been committed in so beautiful a place, at least there will be a fair chance of one occurring when I tell him that I have signed an engagement that will last till Christmas. But what good could come of being in a hurry ?" TO BE CONTINUED 