THEATRICAL AND MnSTnxt. f The Victorian race carnival, which fell V within the present month, has bad the effect | of stimulating the managers of tbe variou. ' theatres to prodnce variety, if not novelty. | At the Theatre Royal Mr. Wybert Reeve I was most favorably received as Captaia | Wraizve in No Name, eivine an artiatia im. 5 personation of the author's conception of the | rascal' who is nob ashamed to own to his t- rasoality. ' The part of Magdalene Vans tans I was fairly played by Miss Navaro, but those I of Noel Vanstone, ' Miss' Garth and Mri. i; Wragge were anything but tho original. Mr. j Reeve aleo appeared as Plumper in Cool ai i a Cucumber, and his impersonation was full I of vivacity and humor. Mr. liignold bu '( played a farewell engagement. He sustained. | the oharacter of Henry V. in the play of the i same name with all his former success. I For his benefit Mr. liignold appeared ; as Colonel Chalice in Aloua, and as Wil- f liam in Black-eyed Susan, io both of which I he was successful. Mr. Sam Emery has made I his debut before a Viotorian audience, tip. | pearing as Dan'l Peggotty in Little Em'ly, | and has made a hit. He looked the part j to perfection, and developed suoh dramatio ; and emotional power as readily obtains the. j sympathy of his audience. He ha. : also made a moat favorable impression a. ; Captain . Cuttle, iu Heart's Delight. : At the Prinoo of Wales Opera House Mr. j vviiiiam Creswick has been going through a \ round of hie favorite oharaotere.' He has j repeated his intelligent and careful tendering ; of Maobeth. As Master Waiter, in the- 1 Hunchback, Mr. Creswick was excellent, j Miss Helen Ashton played Julia better than | any other oharaoter she haa assumed here. ; Mr. Creswick has also appeared aa Virginiua, f Richelieu, Wolsey, Falstaff, hir Giles Over f r#aob, Ingomar, Shylock and William Tell, . iu all of whioh he sustained his reputation w | a careful aud refined actor. At the Academy 1 of Musio an adaptation of Ulirer Twist hat \ beon given, oalled NanoySykee. Mr. Dursay i. Ogden as Bill Sykea waa brutally coarse, f sulkily vindictive and cruelly relentless, and ! was therefore a success. As Nancy Sykee i Miss Beatrice displayed drainatio power and f pathos. The Arttul Dodger was Well i played by Mr. Harry Power, but Mr. I Frome, au actor recently arrived from Lon- | don, was exceedingly weak aa Fagin. A | sensation piece called Honor before Wealth, . adopted from the Frenob, has been produced, in which Mr. Ogden gave a good represents- : tion of the Marquis de Ohampery, a nobleman ' in reduoed circumstances. He haa also ap. peared as Badger in the Streets of hew ?. Fork ; Mavis ; Blanche, or Never For- | gotten ; That Mother-in-law of Mine ; 1;'- Our. American Boys and Girls, and the Two Men of Sandy Bar, by Bret Harte, y the piece in wbioh Mr- Ogden first made | his Appearance in Melbourne. Au adapta- |- tion of Charles Dickena'a Crioket on the | Hearth has been given nnder the name of Do j and was well "received. Mies Boatrioe, (on j her benefit, iu assuming the role oi Medea, overtasked her ability. During the mouth r at this theatre, Mr. Montague Gixit J an artist from Sydney, has been f exhibiting his skill as a lightning drafts man. With a piece of ohalk in a few eecondi | lie produced excellent likenesseB of historical y personages and local oelobritiee. At the | Princess's Theatre Mr. Morton Tavarea hu y appeared as Richelieu, and he gave a welt, i balanced impersonation of the cardinal, j Mro. Tavarea made a charming Jnlie. r Under the name of tbe Flying Buck Boscj- cault's Flying Scud haa beeu prodnced. | The change of name is meant to throw t difficulty iu the way of Mr, Bouoicault'e \ agent getting the fee for its production, j Much dieeatiefaction exists hers with regard | to the terms whioh the agent of the Dramatio | Authors' Association and of Bouoioault (one - and the same person) demands from | theatrical managers for the right to play the | pieces under his control. Tbe playing ot the | Flying Soud without his sanotion and with, out the management paying fees is meant to y bring the matter to an issue, and to give j; the agent the opportunity of - testing ; the legality of the position taken up j by him iu a court of law, I Fleeced, or the Vultures of the Wombat | Ranges, a sensation piece founded on the j recent mnrdera by bashrangers, has bees 1 produced at this theatre. This woe followed \ by Othello and Faust, Mr. Tavarea assuming the characters of Iago and Mephistouiialck, and Mro. Tavarea appearing as Desaemoni aud Margenrite. Darcy Read's Ghost hu been oxbiblted at 1st. George's Hall. The Academy of Musid has been leased by Mr. Henry Bracy for a season of English Opera, to last twenty- five nights. The sea son oommehced with the production, for the first time in Anstralia, of R. Planquettes Les Cloches de Comeville, the principal parte being undertaken in a creditable man ner by Miss Clara Thompson, Miss Lambert and Messrs. Bracy, George Leopold mid Teinpleton. In the part of Uaspafd, Mr. ti. B." Wallaoe evinced considerable dramatic power. Miss Ada Willetta, a juvenile pianiste, has given two farewell concert! prior to her departure for Europe to complete her musical education. A complimentary benefit concert in the Town Hall was given daring the month to Miss Rosina Carandini, and musically and financially waa a snocese. Two moonbghl concerts have been given upon the Mel bourne cricket ground under the direc tion of Mr. Julius Herz. The ground, woe illuminated by the electrio light, end a pretty effeot was obtained by the refleotion of prismatio colore upon the jets of water forming a large fountain. The usual promenade concerts, organ recitals and Liedertafel entertainments have taken pmco- 